=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-513.txt
=============YYYYY=============
[513] Questions Left Behind (3)
After learning the whole story of the incident, Gando was lost in thought.
It is understandable that Ankera, realizing the existence of Satan, used Reset to give humans another chance.
But one question still remained.
“why… … Are you trying to expunge it?”
Erase Anchera.
If Satan is annihilated, Ra can once again conquer the human world through a final war.
There is no reason to obliterate yourself.
Woorin answered any question coolly, but this time the silence was long.
Gando realized through that fact.
There is no déjà vu about the Guffin erasure, but it was a story that could be inferred enough.
Theraze met Ra.
Otherwise, such a compromise would not make sense.
“okay. Theraje Mystra once faced Ra alone at the end of the Last War. But Theraze wasn’t the person he really wanted to face. The reason why Mystra was able to predict the eradication of Ra and why the empress was replaced earlier than planned is because of that child.”
“What about that child?”
“Aryan Sirone.”
Gando remembered Sirone’s face.
A bold boy who proposed a deal to Gaold from the Magic Association.
Perhaps Gaold intended to use him for the Heaven Project, but it was unexpected that the name Sirone was mentioned even in Theraze’s mouth.
“Why did Raga find Sirone?”
“To hear the answers to the questions left behind.”
When Gando tilted his head, Uorin added an explanation.
“Satan, so absolute chaos, was a concept that Ankera could never understand. He is the whole, but chaos is outside the whole. The fear of the unknown awakened old memories in Ankera.”
Uorin’s impression of pulling out information close to ancient memories was slightly distorted.
“Perhaps Guffin is a person who existed until recently. It’s just something we forgot.”
McLean Guffin expunged his existence from the Akashic Records.
It is still talked about by a few people, but what kind of person he was was only inferred through other information associated with his name.
“The cause of the Guffin expungement is unclear. So far, I’m just wondering if it has anything to do with Sirone. In any case, it seems clear that Guffin must have consulted with Ra in some way prior to expungement. And in the course of that consultation, Guffin raised a topic to Ra.”
“What if you say hwadu?”
“The incarnation of the Akashic Records. And all or all of this world. At that time, when Mystra confronted Ra, the answer he wanted to hear from Sirone was this.”
Uorin, with her long neck erect, gently turned her head to Gando and said.
“Why am I… … .”
“Can’t I be a god?”
Ra asked, but Sirone still did not answer.
His incarnation, bankrupt due to Valhalla Action’s debt, was isolated in a prison of time and space.
Knowing that, Ra asked again.
That was the promise he made with Sirone during the Guffin Eradication, and it was the only problem Ankera couldn’t understand.
“I am full. the beginning and end of this world. But why can’t I be a god? Why is chaos outside of me?”
“… … .”
Even the moment of silence was regretful for Anke Ra.
A flash of powerful energy was attacking the spire of Arabot, to be exact.
If he couldn’t get an answer from Sirone, he had only one choice.
“If you can’t find an answer from a human… … .”
Ankera’s eyes flashed open.
“I will become a human myself.”
“Oohhh!”
Uriel pushed the maze to the end.
Twenty-three seconds remain until Heaven is destroyed.
However, until the reset is attempted, the maze must be killed before God’s punishment destroys Heaven.
“Turn it off!”
Even with his jaw broken, Sain clung to Uriel and cast the Sun and Moon Halo.
Ikael amplified the power of the halo of the sun and moon, but Yuriel, who had been completely burned, ran to the front of the maze and swung the Gauntlet of Paradise.
Woo woo woo!
Miro’s pupils, which had been sealed with hands, shook in shock.
An archangel with power so powerful that it can cause cracks in the space-time of the labyrinth.
He went into Sammaegyeong and repaired the cracks, but if you think about it, the source of all these sadals was Yuriel.
“What is it, maze? Isn’t that mouth moving now?”
“Keuuugh!”
Miro concentrated his mind with all his might.
damn
Even so, the small defense she had spread was cracking little by little.
19 seconds.
“Victory is at hand!”
“Everyone run to death! Life is beyond death!”
The rebels desperately made their way to the spire.
The moment he entered Arabot, all his thoughts were burnt away, leaving only his obsession with victory, which had become an instinct.
17 seconds.
“Kieek! Kiek!”
Garas roared like the wind through the ruins of Jebul and hunted the angels.
Angel’s natural enemy, a noble spirit, took the simplest form specialized only in reproduction.
Even at the moment when the world ended, only the animalistic desire to reproduce the species would be all that Garas had.
15 seconds.
“no! You can’t leave us behind!”
Kanya hugged the broken barbell and sobbed.
Transparent water droplets trickling down the cold metal surface looked like Babel’s tears.
13 seconds.
“mister! mister!”
“… … .”
Gaold was like a living corpse.
Where is his soul, dragged into hell, now wandering?
Thinking that he would like to walk through that hell together if he could, Kang Nan buried his head in Gaold’s arms.
A flower that blooms in hell.
That is why love is beautiful.
11 seconds.
Rumble!
Buildings were collapsing on all sides.
A large rock slammed down the side of Kuan’s face as he looked up at the sky indifferently.
Maybe next time a bigger rock might hit his face, but he was just staring at the sky.
‘It’s coming to an end.’
It was time for the clown to leave.
9 seconds.
Arius, who was thrown back by Uriel’s blow, knelt down like a defeated soldier and raised his head toward the sky.
Maybe it was because he lost his eye that he found it before others.
“Eh. Eh.”
A huge light was coming down from the sky.
8 seconds.
Flew staggered to his feet with the unconscious Sirone in front of him.
Everyone fought for what they believed was right, regardless of whether they were friends or family.
“what’s this… … .”
Fleur burst into tears.
Aspirations are always shattered like a mirage in the face of reality.
“What is this!”
In the curves of the future that twist in an unknown direction, where are humans going?
7 seconds.
“Sirone… … .”
Etella, who exhausted her energy with the roar of the demon, knelt down, straightened her waist like a bow, and looked up at the sky.
“Nice job, Sirone.”
I just throw my whole heart into it.
“Myths are just myths.”
Animal desires and higher spirits, good and evil, everything to which the mind can be cast.
All the myths created by humans were heading towards destruction by a cold thought that passed like a flash in a boy’s head.
6 seconds.
‘Parka Quan.’
Armin smiled bitterly, feeling defeated.
‘If that person… … .’
You will be able to protect the woman you love the most for the rest of your life.
“Shina, you should be happy.”
“brother?”
Armin gave a beautiful smile and cast a flicker spell towards the sky.
Shiina, who realized it belatedly, screamed while clutching her chest.
“No eh eh!”
The speed at the end of God’s Punishment is 41 Mach.
That is, 41 times the speed of sound.
It was a gamble with extremely low probability to stop at a speed that even the schema adherents could not react to.
5 seconds.
‘I’m sorry, Keira. I don’t think I can keep my promise.’
Even after seeing her leaving the Ivory Tower in front of her eyes, she did not activate the oath of the agreement.
Was it because he saw Kuan’s sincerity?
For today, I miss Keira’s face a little bit in my memory.
4 seconds.
‘It’s amazing.’
God’s punishment was finally captured in Armin’s light eye, which had a far greater visibility than others.
A speed that is indescribable in his experience.
The distance was still far, but it was a flash that made me feel as if I had already arrived right in front of my eyes.
3 seconds.
“this… … !”
With only 3 seconds left, God’s Punishment was still at an incredible height.
‘It’s impossible to go up any further!’
The moment he finished thinking, a light shone in the black sky and immediately a huge flash pierced Armin.
“Huh!”
Armin saw it clearly in a fleeting moment, as if one second had been divided into 100.
A golden bird that surrounds you.
‘Posmetry?’
God’s punishment penetrated the space-time bird as it was and rushed to the ground.
2 seconds.
“Mr. Zulu?”
Flew looked back at Zulu, who had reached Aravoth’s Spire.
According to her mission, she must find the metagate in Jebul’s basement.
‘Why are you here?’
After disabling the postmetery, Zulu raised his hand toward the sky.
Erga, the Tier 10 monster she succeeded in becoming her first boss, grabbed the metagate and started flying into the sky.
“For a fresh start.”
Fleur’s gaze followed Erga up.
1 sec.
The metagate opened, and finally, God’s punishment shook the air and revealed itself in the far-high sky.
It was the last sight a human eye could capture.
As if drawing a line from the sky to the ground, a long flash was sucked into the metagate’s black orb.
Beep.
Then, by twisting time and space, God’s punishment was pierced into the underground Zion of Jebul, where another sphere with the same coordinates was located.
* * *
“I will understand!”
Ankera’s pupils moved at the speed of light.
Now that Satan was gone, it was the right time to reset.
reset.
The world turned off.
A perfect absence that cannot be expressed even with the concept of nothingness.
In the absence of time and space, something suddenly amplified and the world opened up.
Numerous events occurred as the concepts of birth and destruction interlocked, but all probabilities were already contained in the first amplification moment.
Everything in the universe has been swimming for billions of years, repeating the events before the reset.
Only one thing has changed.
Twenty-three seconds before Heaven was destroyed, Anke Ra did not summon Sirone and immediately erased herself.
It was a true Anchera erasure.
Thus, the time of the universe passes the starting point of 0 seconds of heaven destruction, when Ankera reset.
“Kuk!”
Uorin lowered her head as if her heart was in shock.
“The Empress!”
When Gando jumped up, she raised her hand to stop it.
When a strong déjà vu surges in, the cells throughout the body receive a shock as if they stop working, just like now.
‘It was at this point.’
Wu Lin had a hunch.
‘When the third reset started. If so, the current Anke Ra has been erased.’
Uorin took a deep breath and stood up.
“Follow me. From now on, you have work to do.”
When Gando stepped out the door, she was standing in front of a room at the end of the hallway.
When he knocked on the door, the 30 men who were guarding the room saluted and rushed out.
Although she couldn’t see it with her eyes, her limbs, Crouch, must have been hiding somewhere, guarding against intruders.
“Only you and I will be staying in this room.”
The place Gando entered was a large room without even furniture.
There was a carpet with golden patterns on a red background, and Uorin sat cross-legged in the center of it.
“Listen now, Gando. Reset has already begun. And from now on I… … .”
Uorin tightened her eyes and said.
“I will find Anchera.”
—————————————

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-514.txt
=============YYYYY=============
[514] Questions Left Behind (4)
Find Ankera.
Gando realized the meaning of the words.
Judging from Uorin’s reaction, Ra tried to reset now.
In other words, it means that Satan has been annihilated in one way or another.
It also meant that Ra could not find an answer to the question left behind.
“Even if the parts change, the whole is perfect. But the whole would not be the whole before the parts changed. However, through the ability of erasure called Anke, only one concept can be completely erased.”
“How is that possible?”
“The Balance of the Whole.”
Wurin put both hands on her knees in lotus position and made a circle with her fingers.
“A new concept takes the place where one concept is obliterated. Since it was decided that way from the beginning, the whole does not change. Therefore, even if Ra has been erased, a new concept to replace him must have already entered the world. I will find it from now on.”
That’s right.
After thinking for a while, Gando had a new question.
“Then Guffin Expungement… … .”
“okay. A new concept must have been inserted in the place where the guffin was obliterated.”
Several possibilities passed through Gando’s mind.
“Anyway, that’s not the point. As Mitochondrial Eve, I have the clearest underlying event, but even those with some foresight must have felt a strong sense of déjà vu. We must first find Ra before they can figure it out.”
Gando understood.
“What am I supposed to do?”
“Guard me.”
“I am… … You mean?”
Why is it only you?
Even outside the door right now, the world’s strongest swordsman group, Poongjang, was waiting to die.
“From now on, I look for a new incarnation of Ankera through History Search. It is a complex and vast task that requires searching through all of human history.”
Gando did not dare to imagine the scale of the work.
“History search is when Theraze becomes most helpless. If anything happens, take me here.”
Uorin handed the note to Gando.
After looking at the place for a while, he put the paper in his mouth and swallowed it, nodding his head.
‘Is that so… … .’
The Empress of Kashan is one of the most important people in the world.
She also has the ability to defend herself, but falls completely defenseless when the history search begins.
Force is not important in cutting the girl’s throat.
Trust is the top priority.
This was the reason Mystra’s biological son, Gando, was entrusted with this mission.
‘Besides, if I play nonsense… … .’
Then Crouch will cut his own throat.
In the end, the three groups of Fengzhang, Crouch, and Gando had to keep each other in check and protect the Empress.
“All right. Please trust me.”
Woorin wasn’t particularly worried.
With all the records from the early days of mankind, Thera’s insight into humans is as accurate as a machine.
Gando, who had already given his heart to Theraze, would never betray himself.
“Then let’s begin.”
Hearing the sound of the door closing behind Jiandao, Wurin took a deep breath and closed his eyes.
History search.
A huge sea of information that seemed to contain the entire history of mankind flooded into my head.
Uorin’s eyes trembled when all kinds of languages, cultures, and records were transmitted.
It felt like I was listening to a murmur in the center of a cave where hundreds of thousands of people were imprisoned.
Gando took a seat in the corner without leaving the carpet and watched Uorin.
After a while, her eyes glowed like they were on fire.
The light penetrated the eyelids even though the eyes were closed, and it looked as if two gold coins were embedded in it.
‘It will take longer than expected.’
All the events of the Guffin Eradication became the base event, and the events after the third reset were overlaid on top of it.
Out of an infinite number of events, only one would be different.
‘I have to find it.’
Uorin’s brow furrowed as she accelerated the processing of information.
‘I have to find it first.’
* * *
Zebul’s Underground Zion.
Kinetic energy with a whopping 2,190,000 kilobusters was struck in the form of a flash in the black sphere floating in the center of the munitions factory in heaven.
The moment the mass collided with the object, ultra-high heat was generated, and the munitions factory itself was burned without a trace, and the ignorant gas exploded, dilating the inner pupil.
Rumble!
The ground of Jebul swelled in a hemispherical shape, then cracked like a tortoise’s shell, and red lava was created through the cracks.
In the next moment, the ground, which had risen to a height of several tens of meters, collapsed and a shock wave spread around the impact point.
The ground rocked like waves, and the structures on it collapsed.
A seismic wave that spread throughout Heaven swept Arabot.
Until then, countless people were fighting faithfully for their own desires, but starting from a certain starting point, everyone stopped their actions and looked at one place.
“ah… … .”
The spire of Arabot slowly leaned over and began to crumble, snapping from the waist down.
Both angels and humans knew what it meant.
death of god.
In other words, the extinction of the myth.
The eternal and only being that reigned over humans and controlled and dominated their lives had disappeared.
“You did it, Sirone.”
Shiina looked at Arabot, who was dissolving into dust.
The light from Area 73 destroyed Arabot.
After all, one day Sirone will be recorded in history as the one who killed the gods.
“Anke Rashi… … .”
Yuriel retracted the goon of paradise and looked back in the direction where Arabot was.
The fact that Ra has been erased has been conveyed through the empty sense of deprivation left in the mental body.
However, on the contrary, like the intaglio of a print, the rest of the concepts other than Ra were proving that Ra existed.
It was for this reason that even though the Guffin was erased, those who had strong memories of him still knew that the Guffin existed.
In any case, Aravoth collapsed and Ra disappeared.
Dominating humans and conquering mankind in the final war, in the end, is Ankera’s will.
For the members of Heaven, it was a situation where the compass was lost in the open sea.
‘What should we do now?’
Uriel looked back at Ikael.
Now that Ra has disappeared, and now that even the White Watch is unable to operate due to the loss of the archangels, she is the only one he can rely on.
“Uriel, withdraw your fighting spirit. Any further fight is pointless.”
“But, Archangel… … .”
“My words are the will of Anchera.”
Only then did Uriel reap the blessings of paradise.
Ichael wrote the words Ankera’s will.
In other words, it means that Ra’s will is not over, so it was better to quietly obey Ikael’s command for now.
“Listen, humans.”
Ikael, who spread his wings of light and soared into the sky, made his mental body vibrate and proclaimed to everyone.
Those close by and those far away all lowered their weapons and looked up at the sky.
“The war is over. It is your victory.”
There was not even a murmur, and the silence was so clean that it gave goosebumps.
“Ra has disappeared and there is nothing to control you guys.”
When the reaction was lukewarm, Ikael hit a wedge.
“From this moment on, man is free.”
“ah… … !”
“Wow!”
Rebel survivors erupted in cheers from all corners of Heaven.
Humans brought God down.
It’s a war that I jumped into with a desperate resolution, but the fear of divinity that I can’t help but harbor vaguely because I’m human.
The joy of overcoming it and finally regaining freedom made me forget even the sorrow of losing a comrade for a while.
“Win! We won!”
“Aaaaaaaa! free! Humans never give in!”
Ikael calmly accepted the shouts of people coming from all directions, then looked down at Sirone and his friends from all over the heavens.
Unlike the rebels who were intoxicated with the victor’s joy, no one was laughing.
Then Miro came over and asked.
“What do you mean?”
Ikael lowered his altitude and looked down at the maze.
“Your intention?”
“Why did you surrender? Would you be able to punish humans now?”
If Anchera chose to erase from the moment the world opened, the angels he gave names to would not exist either.
However, he chose to erase 23 seconds before the destruction of Heaven, right after Satan was destroyed, and thanks to this, the angels were able to safely erase Ankera.
Ikael turned his gaze to the horizon of ruins.
“There is no particular reason. As long as the will that moved us is gone, war is meaningless.”
“… … What do you plan to do next?”
“You have to wait. Judgment comes next.”
Ikael turned his gaze back to Miro.
“Nothing is over yet. Humans have gained freedom, but it will only take a moment for that freedom to turn into self-indulgence.”
“Are you talking about Satan? But that is also a matter of human choice. God or devil, man judges only for man.”
A being that can be altruistic because it is selfish.
that’s human.
“Please Sirone.”
Ikael spread his wings and soared into the sky.
Then all the angels remaining in Jebul turned into flashes of light and chased after her.
Miro, who had licked his lips while looking up at the spectacular view in broad daylight, scratched his head and murmured.
“Sirone?”
From the place where the spire of Arabot collapsed, he saw Fleur walking with Sirone on his back.
* * *
“mister.”
Gangnan stopped crying.
The war is over, and the person you love has gone to hell.
Gaold’s calm face rather tore her heart apart.
How many times does Gaold scream in a deep hell where he can’t even say he’s sick?
“I will never give up. like uncle.”
As Gangnan turned around, Gaold’s body put all the weight on her back.
However, with a broken and wobbly wrist, she couldn’t carry a man taller than her.
“Can I help you?”
Gangnan turned his head at the voice he heard next to him, and life flashed in his eyes.
The survivors of Cage Team B were approaching.
“stop. Just one step closer… … .”
Gangnan’s speculation spread like thorns.
The task Cage Team B received from the Magic Association was to eliminate Gaold, and now was the best time to achieve that goal.
While everyone stopped, Tarvan, who led the team as the interim representative, stepped forward.
“don’t worry. I’m really here to help.”
“Do you think I will trust you?”
In fact, Cage Team B, who lost team leader Rose and assistant team leader Horkin, was overcome with anger.
Furthermore, Tarvan had to send away his childhood friend Roche.
But to a professional mage, there was something more important than personal feelings.
Scattered across the heavens, the information they collect will become a world secret.
If they could return to their original world, the kingdom of Tormia would have a great advantage in espionage warfare, and that was a far more important task than eliminating Gaold.
“Of course, Gaold and you will not be able to set foot in the Association. But since we are in a situation, I think we need some help.”
As long as the coordinates of Metagate are wrong, the only way they can return is to borrow Miro’s ability.
Kang Nan, who knew that fact better than anyone else because he was the former chief of staff of the Magic Association, finally gave up Gaold.
However, the gaze of Tarvan, who was walking away with Gaold on his back, was not kind.
‘You can’t stick your feet in the association? you’re welcome. Gaold will definitely return.’
It was Gangnan who gnashed his teeth while waiting for that time.
“Is it over now?”
Armin, who found Quan in the ruins, approached Miro and asked.
Shiina ran over and checked Kuan’s condition.
He was unconscious, but was barely breathing.
After confirming that Shiina let out a sigh of relief, Miro looked back this time to the other side.
Cage Team B was bringing Gaold and Gangnan.
Finally, all the team members of the project gathered.
Fortunately, no one died, but all they got was a wound and glory.
said Miro, looking at the sun setting over the horizon.
“no. It starts now.”
Thus, Anke Ra was obliterated.
Leaving the world with one question still unanswered.
—————————————

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-515.txt
=============YYYYY=============
[515] New Journey (1)
Miro and the others returned to the United Rebel Command.
This was possible because none of the rebels knew of the existence of God’s Punishment.
The place Zulu changed to the drop point of God’s Punishment through the Metagate is the deepest 300 meters underground in Jebul’s underground Zion.
Even though the explosion was confined in a natural bunker, seismic waves swept the entire heaven, so it was impossible to imagine the extent of the aftermath if it hit the ground directly.
‘Mr. Crude… … .’
Flew recalled his face as he awkwardly received the rebels’ welcome greetings of victory.
If he had listened to Flew and told his subordinates the whole truth, Sirone and his party would not have been evacuated to headquarters for treatment.
“For a winner’s night! For the future of mankind!”
Under the moonlight, drunken rebels screamed loudly.
Considering the deaths of his comrades, he would not have been able to bear it otherwise.
The rebels, who dislike fuss, gathered in a quiet place to talk.
What they are most curious about is the huge earthquake that occurred at the last moment and the collapse of the spire of Arabot.
A few people testified to seeing lights falling from the sky, but no one thought it was magic.
Hundreds of torches were lit in the headquarters vacant lot, where there was no longer any fear of raids, and a drinking party took place all night long.
On the other hand, Sirone and the others were focused on receiving treatment.
It was fortunate that Saint Moriak remained on Cage B’s team.
“Aaaagh!”
Arius’ screams filled the infirmary.
Although the whole body had second-degree burns and a crack in the ribs, Moriak’s hand casting recovery magic was brutally unstoppable.
“sorry. Be patient.”
The process of rapidly regenerating skin and attaching bones is inevitably accompanied by pain.
However, the corner of Moriac’s mouth, which looked at Arius with pity, was rather twitching.
“Joe, just be patient… … Hehehe! Oh, sorry, hee hee hee!”
Moriak’s face turned into a grotesque smile, and Flew’s face, which was waiting for his next turn, turned pale.
According to Tarban, she had lost her personality after divorcing her husband.
In any case, her skills were excellent, and first aid was quickly administered.
Moriak, who had been laughing innocently, gradually regained his seriousness as the patients’ conditions became serious.
Sein’s jaw was broken, Flew’s whole body was bruised and fractured, and martial artists Ethella and Kangnan’s both hands were broken.
However, it was Quan who suffered the most.
The swordsman had lost one arm.
“How can I not?”
Shiina looked at her arm on the cot and asked.
Conversely, Moriak was looking at Quan’s severed side.
If this amount of physical damage occurs, it is impossible to recover it with magic.
“You cut it clean. I don’t think the nerves were crushed too much. If you are looking for a competent surgery ASAP… … .”
“I do not need.”
Shiina turned around, but Kuan tried to ignore her gaze and maintained a cold tone.
“This is the arm I blew myself off. It’s meaningless even if you say you’re coming now.”
I’d be lying if I said I wasn’t conflicted.
There must be a huge difference between the lame man and the lame one-armed Shiina.
But in the end, he decided to give up his arm.
What was able to protect Shiina from obscurity was the realization as a one-armed person.
What’s the use of winning her heart if you can’t keep it?
‘The war is not over yet.’
i have to be stronger
No one could read Quan’s thoughts, but Armin smiled quietly as if guessing something.
“First aid is over. It didn’t cure everyone, but… … .”
Moriak looked at the two lying on the bed next to each other.
Some were incurable due to wounds in the mind, not the body.
It was Sirone and Gaold.
Even at this moment, they were locked in their respective hells and were paying the price of determination.
The maze closed the situation.
“I can’t. Anyway, I’m not dead, so let’s think about it slowly. For now, I’d better take a break today.”
Everyone knew that they would not be able to sleep, but no one went to their respective rooms without muttering.
The shouts of the sulpan that continued until past midnight sounded like a surprise, and most of them were whispering in melancholy voices under the stillness of the night.
It’s only natural that you feel exhausted as much as you feel relaxed.
However, at least in the maze, Arius was being dragged around on a dog leash and inspecting the group’s rooms one by one.
In any case, since they came all the way here to save themselves, shouldn’t they take some responsibility?
Arriving at Gaold’s door, she hesitated to knock.
“… … .”
However, he took a deep breath and shook his wrist.
smart.
When I opened the door without waiting to hear the answer, a naked Gaold was sitting on the bed unconscious, and Kang Nan was fetching warm water and wiping her body with a towel.
Miro looked at the bandage wrapped around Gangnan’s fist.
Her palm bones were almost crushed, so even Moriak’s recovery magic couldn’t completely heal her, but she didn’t even show pain and was focused on weaving towels.
Probably because it is in front of the maze.
“Extreme sincerity. Even if you wake up, you won’t even notice anyway.”
Power entered Gangnan’s eyes.
“The association president will be back. certainly.”
Miro, who lightly brushed off Gangnan’s murderous intent, smiled brightly.
“Yeah, I’m not the kind of person who would fall like this. but are you okay? If you come to your senses, you will come running to me again.”
“you… … !”
When Kang Nan’s anger reached its peak, Miro corrected her expression and raised her hand.
“sorry. I’m kidding. I didn’t mean to hurt you.”
Arius, who was sitting on his butt like a dog in the corner, licked his lips.
Besides her, Arius was the only one who knew that Miro’s horse had bones.
The spirit of Miro, approached through Dremo, is the height of nobility without the slightest trauma.
But even with her, there was a small shaking like a speck of dust.
That was what was inscribed on the twentieth pillar of the temple built in the spirit of the labyrinth.
‘Mikea Gaold.’
A very small name that no one would have discovered if not for Arius, the grave robber.
It was the net that pulled Miro out of samadhi.
The human mind was originally stained with numerous wounds, so it was a flaw that was like dust, but rather, it was surprising.
‘Adrias Miro, the height of inconsideration… … .’
It was only once that Gaold had shaken his heart.
-then… … save me… … .
Miro smiled bitterly as he recalled the events of that night when he unknowingly jumped out.
The only regret left in my life.
‘But you… … You really did it.’
It took 20 years to make Miro’s wish come true.
It wasn’t something that could only be done by being strong, it was something that only Gaold could do.
Miro looked pitifully at Gaold, who had a shaggy beard growing on his skinny face.
‘He’s a pure-blooded bastard. How are you going to live in this harsh world with such a tender heart?’
Well, wasn’t that a man named Gaold?
After thinking about it, Miro walked over to the bed and stroked Gaold’s head.
“It may be a difficult place, but… … .”
Then she slowly leaned over and kissed his forehead.
“Have a good trip.”
Miro, who had been hugging Gaold for a long time, stood up again and said,
“When you’re all washed up, prepare to leave. I’ll be back in the morning.”
The coordinates had already been extracted from Ingris, who went with Sein to understand Ra’s will.
“What are you thinking about Sirone?”
Miro stopped walking at Gangnan’s question and turned his head.
“I will take you. It’s a waste of power to leave it like this.”
As well as the magic of divine punishment, one of the archangels, Faiel, was annihilated.
He thought that if he was a 19-year-old boy who had not yet graduated from magic school, it would be okay to entrust the future of mankind to him.
‘But I don’t think that will be easy… … .’
After leaving Gaold’s room, Miro entered Sirone’s room.
I saw Sirone in a deep sleep, and Fleur was reading a book on the other side of the bed.
“Ah, what happened… … ?”
“Just patrolling. How are you?”
Flew closed the book and turned to Sirone and said.
“Still shows no signs of waking up. Armand is not going to be released either.”
Valhalla Action is an ability equipped to Armand.
In addition, since it was in a state of integration with Hwasinjo, it would not be released until Sirone paid off all the debts.
Miro was able to guess that much because he had been briefed by Flew when he arrived at headquarters.
“Valhalla action. Hundreds of years?”
“I don’t know exactly. But the archangel Ikael said maybe that could be a hint.”
“What are you talking about?”
Fleur summarized what Ikael had said.
Humans cannot normally live for hundreds of years.
However, Ikael said that if the result came out like that, the cause was established in some way.
“Right. It’s a reversal of cause and effect… … .”
“Did you remember something?”
Miro, who was resting her chin and rolling her eyes, stopped thinking and said.
“No, let’s focus on going back for now. We are not in a relaxed position either.”
“It does. Then when do we leave?”
“From now on.”
“yes?”
“Now that the first aid is over, it would be better to send Cage Team B first. It’s good that I brought several coordinates just in case.”
“okay.”
If Cage Team B returns safely, you don’t know how things will change from then on.
Of course, it was the strongest party and I couldn’t imagine that they would use their hands in the yard that even had a maze, but it was the correct answer to move separately because it was possible to narrow the range of the siege just by identifying the repatriation point.
“Then I am preparing.”
When Miro left the headquarters after completing the patrol, Cage Team B was ready to leave in front of the main gate and was waiting.
The war in heaven was over, but the human world was about to get busier.
Tarvan approached.
“Come. Let’s go.”
Miro took the Guffin disk from her pocket and inserted it into the metagate. A red light briefly emitted from the crack in the steel plate.
“it’s okay. take it.”
asked Tarvan, who caught the metagate thrown by Miro.
“Where is it set?”
“What do you know, in the middle of the desert or in the ass of a blue whale? It’s roughly matched, so go find it on your own.”
Tarvan was not annoyed.
To be honest, it was fortunate just to be able to go back.
“What are you planning to do next?”
Miro, who had been heading to the headquarters, turned around.
“what do you mean?”
“Aren’t you also a citizen of Tormia? Why don’t we go back together and cooperate with the kingdom?”
“The people of Tormia.”
Of course, Miro’s homeland is Tormia.
And that motherland pushed her into a prison of a dimension that might end at any moment.
“I know you are sad. But you, as well as the Gaold team, are also the people who encountered the incident in heaven. In the future, you will be monitored by each country. Rather… … .”
“Fufu, I will politely decline.”
Miro turned around with a beautiful smile.
“Because I am everyone’s lover.”
Tarban didn’t make the offer twice.
It was true that no one could stop him if he said he hated the greatest scale wizard in history.
‘Gaold, you woke up the monster.’
Miro has returned to the human world.
In the future, the situation around the world will change rapidly.
‘Anyway, it doesn’t matter.’
When Cage Team B returns, events that occurred in heaven will be reported to Tormia, and based on this information, they will be able to exert influence in the international community.
“Go back.”
When Tarban activated the metagate and threw it on the floor, a black sphere was born as if opening space.
“You’re not really in the belly of a blue whale, are you?”
When Team B of Cage left Heaven and the black sphere of Metagate disappeared, the maze stopped.
“Whoa, then.”
Another disc came out of her bosom.
“Shall we go home too?”
—————————————

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-516.txt
=============YYYYY=============
[516] A New Journey (2)
* * *
Heaven’s Third Heaven, Shehakim.
In the aftermath of God’s punishment piercing Zion, Paradise, the home of the eternal, collapsed in the direction of the seismic wave.
However, there was one building that kept its shape even in the ruins: the Great Hall of the Judicial Office of the Leaders, located to the north of the city square.
In the basement of the current building, commonly referred to as the secret room, the 10 highest leaders of the Eternals were gathered.
The leaders of this group, called the Society of the Ten Lords among the Eternals, were all those who had reached the art of incarnation after living a long life.
Murka, Dana, and Raun, whom Sirone dealt with during the war, were also masters of the art of incarnation, but they fell into the abyss due to their obsession with life.
On the other hand, the leaders of the Church of the Ten Lords were seekers who had enjoyed eternal life for at least 10,000 years, and who had overcome lingering attachments to life and death.
“They say Garas was destroyed by giants.”
said the bald old man who was the only one sitting at the top of the rectangular table.
The pupils were only slippery black jaundice, and whenever he spoke, the bottom of his chin swelled like a balloon like a toad.
Baron (age unknown) – Amitabha Banya, president of the Ten Commandments.
The man sitting to Veron’s left said.
“The failure of selective evolution. All the angels have departed.”
His sculptural beauty, his blonde hair pulled back, his face was pale as a corpse, and sharp fangs stuck in his gaping mouth as he spoke.
Faust (estimated age 13,000 years old), 3rd in the Order of the Ten Commandments, is a yaksha with a hundred ghosts.
said the man sitting across from Faust.
“I don’t care about Garas. The important thing is that Ankera has been erased. From now on, we must rule over humans.”
It was a solid body, with a round hump protruding from its head, and the teeth of a triangular, closed, aggressively meshed precisely.
Huama (estimated age 17,000 years old), 4th in the Order of the Ten Commandments – Vajrapani Yaksha.
said the woman sitting across from Huama.
“I said Syrone, the light of Area 73. It seems like you fought against the Eternals during the war.”
Her hair was pitch-black, so it seemed to be permeated with darkness, and her body, as smooth as a snake, was composed of only curves, as if the body’s boundaries had collapsed.
The silhouette itself was beautiful, but considering it was a human body, it felt grotesque.
Shura, 7th in the Order of the Ten Commandments (estimated age 10,200 years old) – Apostle Vanya.
“joy! Even if they were eternal, they were babies who hadn’t been weaned yet. You don’t have to worry about anything other than the maze. Surely, Shura, you weren’t afraid too, right?”
Shura countered Huama’s scolding.
“Who said what? I was just curious about a human named Sirone.”
Then, imagining Sirone, he tucked his snake-like tongue into his clothes and licked the curves of his body.
“It looks delicious, Churup.”
Faust, who confirmed that her tongue was quickly sucked into her mouth, added.
“It is not something to be overlooked. The annihilation of Archangel Faiel and the momentary flash of light right before the eradication of Anchera were all achievements he accomplished. And above all… … .”
Huama slammed the table in frustration.
“So that’s it!”
“It’s an Ultima System.”
“Keep it!”
Huama turned her head with an indignant expression.
Even the Eternals had no way to refute the spirit of Gaia, who became their ancestor, as long as Sirone possessed it.
The woman sitting in the corner seat murmured.
“Are you a man who killed God… … .”
It had a ferocious expression like that of a wolf, but it had a strangely tender face.
His black hair was plentiful like a wild horse’s rake, and it was clad in a thick turban, sticking out like a flame.
She was wearing rags like a tattered turban, but the clothes were so thick that the graves of her breasts were exposed.
He leaned his head on the hilt of his greatsword and raised one leg on a chair, revealing the depths of his bare thighs.
Bak-nyeo (estimated age 11,200 years old), 9th in the Order of the Ten Commandments – Sura Yacha.
Veron opened his mouth after silence.
“I can’t see that I killed him. Anyway, it was erased by Ra’s own will. However, it is true that the boy was the main variable in this war.”
Faust asked.
“Are you considering recruiting him into the Order of the Ten Presbyterians?”
said Shura.
“That is a bit hasty. First of all, Sirone’s incarnation is in a state of inactivity, so I can’t even hear his opinion. I won’t stop you if you go to <Under Coder>.”
“Anyway, you just want to eat him.”
Huama, who fired at Shura, gave her opinion.
“In the yard where Ra has been erased, there is no one to be wary of. If I had to put it that way, among angels and humans, Miro is the only one. Ultima and what, strong is everything.”
They have the power to rule the world with powerful incarnation techniques, but they have had to live under strict control until now.
What he could not do against Ankera, who erased the information of the Akashic Records itself.
But now, humans were free, and the Eternals’ shackles were completely lifted.
said Faust.
“I will have to decide soon. Is Syrone, the only Ultima system in existence, the light of Area 73, an enemy or an ally of the Council of Lords?”
As the silence grew longer, Veron proposed.
“Don’t do it by majority vote. After all, we are human. Now, raise your hands if you see Sirone as an enemy.”
After a while, 10 people gathered in the secret room expressed their thoughts with raised hands.
As Veron said, the voting results were extremely humane.
* * *
A black sphere was born on a snowy mountain 7,000 meters above sea level.
After a while, the group began to appear one by one, leading the maze.
“cold.”
Flew trembled and looked around.
It was the summit of a mountain range where even oxygen was scarce, and all I could see was a horizontal blizzard.
“If I summon a salamander, I’ll be able to hold on, but then an avalanche will happen.”
Zulu summoned a tier 3 monster, Kaidra.
Riding on a giant bird that could fly 7,000 kilometers in a day, the group quickly left the mountain range.
The destination was a village located 600 meters above sea level.
In the gloomy landscape covered with snow clouds, the road made of stones was damp and the clothes of the people were unfamiliar.
Suddenly, a gigantic bird landed on the small town, and all the residents stopped what they were doing and looked back.
Miro approached the old man with deep wrinkles.
“I will ask you something. Where is this?”
When the interpretation was made through Sein’s spirit world magic, the old man blinked and pointed to the mountain and said.
“Escato.”
It was a nonchalant reaction to seeing magic for the first time, but after learning where it was, Miro soon agreed.
“Ah, Escato.”
It means the center of the world, and it was the name of a mountain range in the northeast of the continent.
“Once you entered the continent. So what to do? It was meant to be that we met like this, but a small dinner party?”
When no one responded to the joke, Miro licked his lips and got down to business.
“Let’s break up here for now. Be careful because there might be a chase. Have you all decided where to go?”
Gangnan said he was going to Zulu’s hideout with Gaold, and Shiina and Ethella were planning to go back to magic school.
Quan kept quiet about his whereabouts, and since Armin had already left the Ivory Tower, he was free to go anywhere.
The problem was the flu.
It was because the Magic Association she had to return to had already been taken over by the new head of the association, Lufist.
“Are you okay? Would you rather go with me?”
At Gangnan’s suggestion, Flew shook his head.
“no. First of all, I want to go back to the association. I’m worried about Isabelle-sama too.”
“What if they question what happened in heaven?”
“If you want something, you should let me know.”
All eyes were focused on Flew.
“I don’t know how much they’ll get from me, since Cage B’s already gone, but I’ll provide information if needed. I am also a certified mage belonging to the kingdom of Tormia.”
Kang Nan, who had heard that far, nodded.
“Yes, it is you.”
I didn’t include it in the project simply because I followed Gaold.
Knowing that he was a professional who puts his duty first under any circumstances, he was able to trust and entrust Sirone’s assistant.
“Be careful though. Rufist won’t easily reinstate you.”
“It’s something you have to accept. But would you stop using talented people like me?”
Kang Nan also laughed at Fleur’s joke.
To believe what you believe is right.
If a professional wizard thought so, no one could stop him.
“Please take good care of Gaold. In the future, I will be working for the association, but… … .”
Flew said, squinting one eye.
“Once a comrade is a comrade forever.”
“Yes, once a comrade is a comrade forever.”
Realizing the meaning behind Fleur’s words, Kang Nan looked back at Zulu and signaled to leave.
“People who go to the city can ride. I will take you.”
“Ah, then we too… … .”
Only Shiina and Etela decided to accompany them to the city.
Those who remained were not particularly busy, and they were not weak enough to struggle on rough terrain.
Armin looked up at Shiina and said.
“Shina, you will be a good teacher.”
“brother.”
Shiina understood Armin’s words.
Her pride was hurt when she was only used as bait to lure the Eternal Reflector into the project, but now she knew.
Why did Gaold want Etella more than he did?
“Not everyone has to fight. Not everyone needs to be strong. Go back to school and do what you want. To be a great teacher.”
Shiina made a friendly expression for the first time.
“okay. You should be happy too.”
Those words rather made Armin sad, but on the other hand, laughter leaked out.
My beloved sister is finally able to overcome the trauma of her past and start a new life.
“Then, see you next time.”
Kaidra, the grotesque bird, soars into the sky, and Armin also ignores Quan and disappears with flicker magic.
So one by one they went their separate ways, and Arius, who was the last one left, approached Miro with Sirone on his back.
“Miro, what shall we do?”
Miro looked around at the world as if it were running.
“Well, where should I look around?”
The world she returned to after 20 years was full of unknowns, but to her, all the unknowns were just a playground.
* * *
After completing the history search, Uorin opened her eyes.
“found!”
After a long journey through the entire history, what she found was a crack different from the base case.
Gando asked in an urgent voice.
“Did you find it?”
“I was born in the Middle East. He is between 15 and 30 years of age. His gender is male. His name is Akaze, but if he had already left his hometown, he could have changed it.”
When Uorin called for a wind chime, the door burst open and 30 people wearing owl masks were sucked in like smoke.
“Did you call?”
“Use your best espionage power to find it. He was born into a tribe in the Akkadian Desert. My family died in the Oasis War, and I am one of the survivors.”
That was the end of the information Uorin delivered.
It was a task to search the whole world with only approximate age, gender, and simple information, but it was well worth it.
“All right.”
Fengzhang slipped away without a sound, and Wulin walked around the room biting her nails.
Ra descended to earth.
has only one purpose. To destroy humanity that builds chaos.
“Are you sure that Ra was born on this earth?”
“okay. You must find it, before he can act. If he can’t… … .”
Gando could imagine the words Uorin couldn’t bear to say.
It is none other than the reincarnation of the Akashic Records.
The event that will happen when he finishes his judgment on this world will come to mankind as an unprecedented shock wave.
“A great disaster has come.”
“doesn’t care. Even a god couldn’t cross Theraje’s stronghold. We must be fully prepared.”
Uorin finally stopped walking and looked back at Gando.
“A new era has opened, Gando.”
Erase the Anchera following the Erase the Guffin, and this is the third and final reset.
It was called the Great Purification Period.
—————————————

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-517.txt
=============YYYYY=============
[517] Anonymous swordsman (1)
The border area between Baiden and Ferris Kingdom is a dangerous area where local warfare continues even after signing an armistice.
However, it was also the perfect place for a swordsman to experience actual combat.
The village of Rapne, which is a little more biased towards Weiden from the border area.
One swordsman crossed the village entrance.
A body with both agility and strength proved that muscles were not simply made for cool, and the huge straight sword behind his back was proof of that fact.
It was Ogent Lian, a knight ascetic who dropped out of Kaizen Swordsmanship School to gain practical experience and wandered the world.
“damn… … .”
A sound like scratching metal leaked from his completely rested throat.
After wandering around the world in search of a battlefield, he became a mercenary on the side of the Kingdom of Baiden and engaged in a local war with a soldier from Ferris.
However, the whole story was a war of attrition through secret negotiations between two regional officials to receive subsidies from the kingdom, and most of the hired mercenaries were killed to silence them.
Lian was suddenly attacked by his allies, but he survived and arrived here.
‘Even if I was a little more careful… … .’
Heck, that’s the life of a mercenary wherever you go.
Didn’t the parrot mercenary corps they met in Galliant a while ago become entangled in the strife between the nobles and become bandits?
‘It’s not good to beg for food here either.’
One of the reasons why the battlefield was exhausting was the fact that there was no place to rest even after leaving the battlefield.
The village I had just arrived in was no different, and I didn’t even see food scraps rolling on the floor, let alone a market.
Many houses had collapsed roofs and could not even be repaired, and people’s faces were lifeless.
‘Then I have to cross the mountain tonight.’
There is no one to feed Lian.
He would have no choice but to surrender it if threatened with a sword, but he had seen numerous knight attendants who ended up becoming thieves while wandering the world.
“Whoa! Whoa!”
Suddenly, heat rose in my head and my head spun.
During the war, the wound in his side from an arrow began to throb violently.
First aid treatment was given, but the inflammation was not caught, and moreover, I hadn’t eaten for several days, so my body didn’t have the courage to endure it.
thud!
With the last of his strength, Ryan collapsed with his back against the wall beside my road.
“Whoa!”
The breath from his neck was hot enough to melt his teeth.
“Are you going to die?”
I didn’t know until I ran out after shouting at Klump.
There is no limit to bad things.
Fatigue, pain, fear, despair, everything that ruins a human being plagued Lian.
There was no instructor who would say that this was enough and stop the misfortune.
The world just says so.
If you can’t stand it, die.
‘Well, that’s okay too.’
Ryan doesn’t remember how he got out of the battlefield.
Only the image of himself, covered in blood and screaming, breaking through the siege of the soldiers of the two kingdoms and running amok, remained as an image from an omniscient point of view.
‘Death is also a good choice.’
Ryan smiled innocently.
Not because it made me laugh, but because I wanted to see if I could still laugh.
In his endless despair, for the first time he felt the desire to run away from his life.
‘Because I’m not afraid of death.’
I’m just afraid of the white bones that will be buried in the ground without accomplishing anything.
“Sirone… … . Tess… … .”
Ryan blinked slowly. Her field of vision was narrowing by half each time her eyelids closed.
“sorry… … .”
“Mister, what’s wrong?”
At the end of my receding consciousness, I heard a young girl’s voice.
“are you okay? Come to your senses.”
Lian’s last memory was the image of the girl’s face pushed into the narrowed field of view, as if a hole had been punched in black paper.
* * *
– I don’t know yet. But it will be possible.
– Smille. Smille.
– It’s dangerous, but it’s worth a try.
– Smille. Smille.
“Huh!”
Rian, who raised her eyes, jumped to her feet.
I don’t remember the dream, but the repetitive sound, like an auditory hallucination, was still lingering in my auditory nerve.
“Damn it!”
When I dream of hearing hallucinations, I always curse words that pop out.
Am I going crazy?
Lian tried hard to turn away from her negative mind.
‘What the hell is a smille?’
The only hint was the grandfather’s anecdote that he heard when Jikdo received <Idea>.
When he arrived in a strange village after being mortally wounded after defeating bandits, he was saved by an old man and his granddaughter.
I don’t know what kind of treatment I received, but the word that I constantly heard while unconscious was Smille.
‘Is it the secret contained in the object?’
Lian stared at <Idea> leaning against the wall, but unlike Armand, the sword did not convey any information.
“huh?”
It was only after organizing his thoughts that far that he realized that he didn’t even know where he was.
Rian, who hurriedly got out of bed, grasped the handle of the straight sword, and the door burst open, and an eight-year-old girl with brown hair in braids entered.
“uh? Uncle woke up! Mama, Uncle are awake!”
The girl looked out the door and shouted, and after a while a woman in her mid-thirties entered.
It can’t be called beautiful, but it gave a graceful impression for a village devastated by war.
“You are awake. What a relief.”
Realizing that the first people he met were a young girl and a woman, and that there was no hostility in their eyes and tone, Lian relaxed his expression.
“Where is this?”
“It’s a town belonging to the Kingdom of Baiden.”
As befits a person living in a battlefield, she first gave us information to identify friends and family.
“Ah, the town… … .”
Then I remembered.
There was a girl who spoke to me right before I lost consciousness.
“But how did you bring me here?”
“I don’t seem to remember. I walked with my daughter by the hand. Although, of course, as soon as she entered, she collapsed.”
Was it?
As soon as I realized that I wanted to live anyway, I felt bitter.
“Come out at once. I have prepared a meal.”
As the woman took her daughter out, Lian examined the bandaged body.
The area hit by the arrow was completely healed.
It was impossible for him to recover in such a short time since he couldn’t schema, but it was a familiar situation now.
It was because every time I had a dream in which I heard hallucinations, all wounds were completely healed.
‘Maybe my grandfather had a dream too?’
After pondering for a while, Lian got help and thought that the rudeness was severe, so she hurriedly got up from her seat and went outside.
The house wasn’t very big, so I could see the living room as soon as I left the door.
A girl was sitting at an old round table and the woman was making soup.
“There were many mistakes. Thanks to you, my life was saved.”
When Lian, who was sitting next to her, thanked her, the woman shook her head.
“I just disinfected the wound and applied medicine. It was amazing. It’s the first time I’ve seen a wound heal with my own eyes. It must be schema, right?”
Even if you are ignorant of swordsmanship, living in a battlefield is the way to hear this and that.
“Ah yes. what… … That’s it.”
Ryan didn’t feel the need to explain a phenomenon he didn’t understand.
“By the way, mister, are you a mercenary? What is your name?”
“me? rian. You?”
It was rare for knights to disclose their surnames in the practice of knights, as there were many cases in which the reputation of the family was tarnished while doing harsh work.
“Lian? Hmmm, Lian.”
The girl kept mumbling the name Lian and then said with a slightly disappointed expression.
“I don’t know. Mister, he must be a not-so-famous mercenary. Oh, my name is Liz.”
Ryan was stunned.
I never expected from the beginning that my name would be known in such a small town, but when I heard it through the mouth of an innocent kid, I was strangely offended.
“By the way, kid, I am not an uncle. He was only nineteen years old.”
Liz shrugged.
“i know. All the guys say so. At heart, I’m a teenager.”
“… … .”
While Lian looked at him with a puzzled expression, a woman walked over to the table carrying a plate of soup.
“I can’t do it if I make fun of my brother. I’m sorry, Liz was joking around.”
“But you called me a kid!”
Ignoring her daughter’s words, the woman sat across from her.
“Even though I traveled for a long time, my beard didn’t grow much. Liz is still too young to know.”
“But that means, my face… … .”
The woman covered her mouth and laughed.
“just joke. Looking at it now, he is a young and handsome young man.”
“Haha, I don’t mean to hear that… … .”
Rian, who blushed and lowered her head, realized the gaze of the girl and her mother and licked her lips in embarrassment.
A lot of playfulness seemed to be hereditary.
“Then let’s eat well.”
Lian gulped and gobbled up the soup.
To be honest, even if there were a few bugs in the soup, I felt like I could eat it with gratitude.
After waiting for Lian to satisfy her hunger, the woman shook hands and introduced herself.
“This is Sylvia. This is my daughter, Liz.”
Liz met Ryan’s eyes and stuck out her tongue.
“Then my husband… … ?”
“He is dead. He left us on the battlefield three years ago.”
Liz, thinking of her father, exclaimed excitedly.
“I hate war! I hate those thieves who come to meet me!”
“Liz, what did your mother say? When you have guests… … .”
Liz ignored her mother and grabbed Lian’s wrist.
“Your brother is very strong, right? Since I saved you, please get rid of the thieves who are harassing Mom.”
“When did you say you weren’t famous?”
“are you okay. Those thieves aren’t famous either. And I heard that there are some very strong knights even if they are not famous. Is your uncle like that too? Actually, is it really strong? I’ve never seen anyone carry a sword as big as my brother’s.”
Liz’s eyes were sincere.
‘Is that so… … .’
Of course, it was goodwill and kindness, but there must have been a child’s eager expectation in saving the dying Lian.
But Ryan couldn’t help them.
One thing I learned for sure while wandering around the world.
The sword is killing, and killing is responsibility.
It is true that he received help, but whether he could handle the responsibility when he chose to kill was another matter.
‘Because I can’t live here forever.’
“Don’t worry too much about it. It’s because Liz doesn’t know the world yet. and… … It’s not all that bad.”
‘Isn’t that all bad?’
Ryan was rather concerned about that remark.
Come to think of it, where did Sylvia get the anti-inflammatory medicine?
The value of medicine on the battlefield is bound to transcend imagination.
Also, having enough food to willingly give food to others didn’t match the dreary scenery I felt when I first came to the village.
‘You bastard children… … .’
Sensing a certain situation, Lian tightened her eyes and raised her head.
“I can’t believe those thieves told the lady… … .”
“hey! Sylvia!”
Just then, a drunken man shouted outside the door.
Liz, who had turned pale, hid behind her mother, and Sylvia also slowly stood up with her complexion darkened.
bang!
A man who kicked the door as if he was about to break it strides in.
He was tall, and his face was engraved with a scar running down his nose.
It was Fox, the vice-captain of the Red Spear Bandits.
“Where are you? The bastard who slept here last night! What was hidden… … !”
He looked around the house with fierce eyes and stopped at the table.
He was much younger and more handsome than he had been told.
“Hoo? That’s it, right?”
—————————————

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-518.txt
=============YYYYY=============
[518] Unknown swordsman (2)
In front of Fox’s murderous eyes, Lian slowly averted his gaze.
Another thing I realized while going to and from the battlefield was that it was better to avoid a fight that could be avoided.
No, the truth is a lie.
I have seen countless people who were not afraid to die and kept their beliefs.
‘What’s the problem?’
It is not a one-dimensional fear that it hurts when you get hurt or that everything is over when you die.
Not sure about the sword.
The anxiety of having to throw oneself into an uncertain future every moment was sometimes more terrifying than giving up one’s life.
Fox, who carefully observed Lian’s hardened face, realized something and burst into laughter.
“Geuk, a kid with no blood on his head.”
It’s common.
The kids who said they had learned a little bit of swords were bluffing to the general public with brute strength.
It cannot be said that there is no such category among the thieves, but Fox was different from them in terms of skill.
Above all, he could speak schema.
“I’ll pay the price later… … .”
After muttering that, Fox suddenly bent his head and glared at Sylvia.
“How did this happen, Sylvia? I’ve been so nice to you, but you bring in someone else? Is she, after all, a woman you can’t help it with?”
Sylvia’s expression crumpled at the disgusting misunderstanding.
“reptile. I don’t want to hear that from someone who covets his friend’s girl.”
Fox’s face turned red.
He gave up being a soldier and gave up everything from the moment he became a thief, but when he thought of Sylvia’s husband, who was his comrade-in-arms, it always bothered him that he was the last conscience.
“shut up! The guy is dead! He is already out of this world!”
Fox came up with a magic phrase to clear his conscience.
“And I’ve liked you since I was little. I want to make love.”
“It is not love to be interested in a married woman with a daughter. It’s a dirty obsession.”
“A dirty obsession?”
Fox’s face turned cold, as if he had transformed into a different person.
“You mean that? I could have you anytime But it’s a dirty obsession. Okay, so from now on I won’t put up with it either.”
Liz stood in front of her mother as Fox approached, emitting ferocious energy.
“Don’t bully my mother! Daddy won’t forgive you!”
Fox’s cold gaze pierced Liz.
“Liz, I’m not trying to bully you. I’m trying to save you from this hellish life. I’m sure your dad will thank me too.”
The unscrupulous remarks made Sylvia dizzy.
“You are not insane. it’s crazy.”
“Hey, it might be. But what difference does living without going crazy make? If I could have you, I’d rather be crazy.”
Sylvia, realizing that she could not convince Foxx by any means, shouted as she pushed Liz outside.
“Liz! run away!”
Then he picked up a pot of soup from the table and threw it at Fox.
“joy!”
The moment Fox hit the pot with his thick fist, Sylvia suddenly came in front of him and stabbed the fork into his stomach.
Fox shrugged and calmly examined the wound.
It was too much to pierce through the steely muscles to the level of tableware used at home.
“It’s cheeky… … !”
As Fox slapped him on the cheek, Sylvia’s body collapsed to the floor.
“mom! mom!”
Fox turned away from Liz’s voice.
“Don’t resent me. Because you brought it on yourself.”
“stop.”
Foxx turned his eyes to see Lian rising from her chair with a displeased expression on her face.
I knew he was big, but when I saw him standing, he was quite well-balanced.
“Are you talking to me just now?”
“No matter how crazy you are, it’s not like you’re doing something nasty in front of a child.”
“… … You’re right.”
said Fox, bending his neck from side to side.
“First of all, killing you is the order. how is it? If you are confident, try it.”
The moment he succumbs to the provocation, a heavy burden that cannot be converted into weight is placed on Lian’s shoulders.
“… … .”
Ryan turned to Liz.
The look in his eyes, full of anticipation, must have been the selfishness that only a child could show.
“Let’s go out. I don’t want to have blood in the house.”
When Lian suggested a match, the corners of Fox’s mouth trembled and went up.
I couldn’t ignore Lian’s size.
“F*cking, bluffing. ok let’s go Let the villagers clearly engrave who the owner of this house is.”
When he left the house, the villagers who had heard the commotion were hiding out of Fox’s line of sight and spying on the situation.
Lian looked at the 12 thieves surrounding him.
There will never be a fair party party or anything that matches the number of heads.
‘Is it 12 to 1.’
Foxx shouted, brandishing his longsword.
“Hey, young swordsman! What are you doing without rushing into it? Are you sure you’re not waiting for someone to ring the bell?”
A preemptive strike is effective in any situation, but unless you are willing to risk your life, there is no need to attack the larger number first.
Knowing that fact, Lian slowly aimed the greatsword at him.
The thieves’ faces turned pale as the seemingly heavy iron mass extended all the way to a distance completely off center of gravity.
It was truly a murderous force.
“Vice-captain, isn’t that guy really strong?”
Fox’s face wrinkled at the words whispered by his subordinate.
Talking like that in front of the enemy only lowered morale.
“shut up. I’m alone anyway If 12 people rush at it, everyone has no choice but to die.”
Although he showed great power, Lian’s heart was disturbed.
When I didn’t know anything, it was all about rushing to death and winning, but as my understanding of the sword deepened, I realized how reckless and crazy it was.
‘So far, it’s been nothing more than a fluke. my sword is not perfect perhaps… … I might die.’
Although it was said to be a band of bandits made up of veterans who ate on the battlefield, if it was Lian’s skill, he could cut it down.
But is it?
Questions about the sword filled my head endlessly.
Because we are not sure, we cannot act, and because we cannot act, we make mistakes at crucial moments.
‘Is my sword really right? really… … Can I cut them?’
The thieves who were watching Lian’s face, which gradually turned pale, soon turned into absurd expressions and burst into laughter.
“Puhahaha! What is that? Are you really scared? Now I see that he was a strong fool.”
“Hey, what are you going to do? You will die now.”
As Lian’s momentum shrank, his subordinates automatically closed the gap and approached.
“brother… … .”
A look of disappointment showed on Liz’s face, and Sylvia, who had been praying earnestly for Lian to win, also turned pale.
“Guys! Kill them!”
As the thieves rushed in, Lian instinctively looked from behind and saw a longsword piercing through.
“Kuk!”
Lian, whose center of gravity was pushed back as he blocked it with his greatsword, swung his sword around without even checking the opponent’s position.
‘A truly childish sword, Lian.’
Divine Transcendence is a yaksha technique whose source is anger.
It was difficult to fully focus on a single action in a state of unsure of one’s sword.
“What are you doing! Just go and stab him!”
Several swords landed on Lian’s head, and some aimed for his abdomen in a stabbing stance.
‘I can’t avoid it!’
Confident in that, Rian twisted his upper body and raised the greatsword above his head.
Contrary to his thoughts, defense and evasion were perfectly executed.
However, Lian was still dissatisfied with the current results and only fell into a sense of shame.
‘It’s luck. This is not skill.’
I turned the greatsword as if throwing a noose, and when I struck it, the bandits’ necks fell off.
‘Not this angle. It’s just a fluke.’
The bandits didn’t see what Lian was looking at.
Even Fox, who speaks the schema, could not understand the simple truth hidden in the high level that Ryan presented.
“Damn it! Getting caught!”
As Lian put out a foot and swung the greatsword in an oblique line, the two thieves slashed into pieces.
The thieves finally realized the seriousness of the situation after the sword attack cut two people to the bone.
“What, what, this child… … !”
“Get out of the way, fools!”
Thinking that the lower the number, the more dangerous it is, Fox raised his greatsword and rushed in to slash his own throat.
The strength of the thieves, including the captain, overwhelmed Lian, but the battle was surprisingly tight.
‘I went in too deep. This is not swordsmanship.’
I don’t even think it was cut, but the number of thieves was gradually decreasing.
I don’t feel like I’m winning.
I wanted to perfectly embody the trajectory in my head and explode it comfortably, but there was no way to prove its reality.
He couldn’t even tell whether he was practicing swordsmanship or performing a sword dance like an idiot.
visor!
When the sharp iron voice suddenly returned Lian’s mind to reality, 11 people had already died and Fox was the only one left.
“Shit!”
Fox was pushed back by Lian’s offensive, which raged like a storm.
Even though he had already greatly enhanced his physical abilities through schema, all he could do was avoid attacks.
The presence or absence of schema in battle creates a big difference as the barrier between species.
The fact that the gap is not felt means that the technological gap is unspeakably large.
‘What the hell is this guy? I’m not an ordinary prosecutor.’
Even more annoying was the fact that even with these skills, Lian’s eyes didn’t have the slightest hint of hope.
‘Wrong! This, that, everything is wrong!’
Ryan was seeing what Fox couldn’t see.
That’s why every time he drew his sword, despair like death came.
‘no.’
He doesn’t have genius insight to stab the shortest distance.
The process of swinging hundreds and thousands of times and adjusting the error at the level of one millimeter or less was the only way he could rise to the next level.
‘This isn’t it.’
but it seems
An ideal state that cannot be explained in words.
Because the realm is shimmering, all standards have become tangled.
“This is not what it is!”
The moment Lian burst into a tantrum, divine transcendence was activated for the first time.
The greatsword stopped only after Fox cut off the sword he had raised and cut the body vertically.
Silence as if the world had stopped.
As Fox’s body tumbled from side to side, the villagers began to enter the building.
He single-handedly cut down 12 bandits.
He was a master who could never be seen in a completely ruined village where there was not even a single blade of grass to graze.
“omg! omg!”
Rian felt relieved for the first time since the battle started, but no matter how much he thought about it, he couldn’t remember his posture from a moment ago.
‘What do you mean… … .’
When I closed my sword and looked around, I saw no one besides Sylvia and Liz.
‘Did I win?’
no, he survived
It’s nothing more than luck overlapping luck, luck overlapping luck and surviving.
But how long can we last like this?
“ah… … .”
Sylvia met Lian’s eyes and involuntarily let out a moan.
It was the eyes that seemed to be carrying all the agony of the world.
However, Lian turned his head again to examine the corpses scattered everywhere, as if he did not want sympathy.
‘You committed it.’
On the subject of not being able to take care of my own body, I trembled again.
“Get rid of the body.”
Lian informed the villagers who were probably listening.
“If you don’t want to be in charge, that would be fine.”
Since no one would want to take responsibility for today’s situation, there was no reason for Lian’s explanation to be lengthy.
“Come in. Please tell me more.”
After Rian said that, she turned to the house first, and Sylvia, who suddenly came to her senses, followed.
On the other hand, Liz still stayed there and looked at the cruel scene Lian had created with a blank expression.
“That brother… … Are you really strong?”
—————————————

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-519.txt
=============YYYYY=============
[519] Unknown swordsman (3)
When Liz returns home, Lian and Sylvia are talking.
According to what Lian heard, most of the officers of the Red Spear Bandits are composed of defeated soldiers belonging to the Kingdom of Baiden.
In particular, the leader was a man in his mid-40s named Pecon who worked at a border post, and was a person who held the position of an infantry battalion commander before the border was pushed.
‘The battalion commander of the infantry.’
Lian, who had been to many battlefields, was able to gauge Paccon’s inaction just by hearing his name.
As if it were the capital of a kingdom, in a battle zone where war is fierce, rank becomes a measure of skill.
In particular, when it came to the battalion commander in the border area where the pride of both countries was at stake, anything other than skill was not a consideration at all.
“Hmm, why would someone like that join the bandits?”
“I don’t know. It could be exhaustion, or it could be personal circumstances… … .”
After a moment of conflict, Sylvia confessed her true feelings.
“But isn’t that what humans are after all?”
Rihanna found herself persuaded by her last words.
There may be circumstances.
But maybe because he’s just human, he chooses evil in search of a slightly better path.
“Red Spear Faken is a well-known person even in enemy countries. That’s why the Biden Security Forces are not willing to touch it. They have settled on Mount Arch, three kilometers away from here, and are expanding their power by plundering nearby villages.”
Fox, which Rian cut down, was also part of the power expansion Sylvia spoke of.
“It’s Arch Mountain… … .”
“brother.”
As Liz approached, Rian, who belatedly realized, apologized.
“sorry. You have shown a vicious appearance.”
“are you okay. I’m not really surprised.”
I couldn’t be happy to see a corpse, but when I saw it every day, I just felt the disgust of c*ckroaches.
“Tell me honestly. Oppa, are you a very famous person? You lied because you were afraid people would flock to you if you revealed your real name, right?”
“no. my name is rian And not even famous. The bandits were just weak. I never won because I was strong.”
Liz bowed her head sullenly.
“But we… … Even those weak thieves suffer and live.”
Ryan had nothing to say.
It’s not a sin to be weak, but on the battlefield, such words were nothing more than a vanity.
“I want to rest a little. The wound hasn’t healed yet.”
Ryan got out of his uncomfortable seat and entered the room.
As Sylvia looked at the tightly closed door with a worried expression, Liz asked as she cradled her in her arms.
“Mom, what will we do now if my brother leaves?”
“Liz, expecting too much from others is bad. My brother saved us, didn’t he?”
“But now I hate it. I don’t want to live like this.”
Who wants to stay in pain?
However, Sylvia could not tell her young daughter the harsh reality.
One thing I’ve realized in my life is that you can’t know something you haven’t experienced.
When she was young, she also boasted many words, such as life is like this and living like this is the correct answer, but it wasn’t once or twice that she had completely different feelings from the words she uttered when she was directly subjected to it.
“Liz, you will know when you live. No one can fully understand you. But do you have a mother? She will be your mother to watch over you.”
“I hate it when my mother protects me. I want someone to protect her mother.”
Sylvia smiled sadly.
That, too, must have been a fear that a child could have.
“Mom, let me tell you something. But even when no one helps her, she is always by your side.”
Sylvia hugged Liz tightly.
Long into the night, Lian did not come out of the room.
After breakfast, he skipped meals, but the heavy burden rested on his shoulders, enough to make him forget about hunger.
‘Red Spear Facken. A battalion commander?’
At the time of his confrontation with his older brother in the Ogent family, Ogent Lai was an 8th class sergeant.
Of course, the Lai that Lian knew was a genius, so he had no idea that he would be just a battalion commander when he reached the age of Facon.
However, if you compare only your current skills, the possibility of surpassing Rai was strong.
‘I… … Can I bell?’
According to Sylvia, there are seven officers of the Red Spear Bandits.
Among them, there were only three vice-captains, including Fox, so it was certain that the number of subordinates would exceed three digits, if not much.
You have to fight them all.
He had to deal with the thieves who had even given up on the Kingdom Security Forces alone.
‘I’m going to die.’
Why fight if you’re going to die anyway?
Justice that cannot be enforced is not justice.
‘I don’t know, Sirone. what should i do… … .’
smart.
In the midst of Lian’s agonizing night, he heard a knock.
“I am Sylvia.”
“Come in.”
Sylvia opened the door and came in.
And when he saw Lian sitting on the bed with no sign of lying down, he sat down in a chair with a slightly relieved expression on his face.
“What happened at this time… … .”
“I just wanted to say thank you for the help. You are a benefactor to me and my daughter.”
Lian looked back on the journey of knight training.
More than half of those who called him a benefactor ended up calling Lian an enemy.
That’s what responsibility is.
“You just fought for me. The bandits would have killed me anyway.”
Sylvia nodded as if she understood.
As the silence grew longer, Lian, who could not stand it, spoke frankly first.
“sorry. I can’t face the bandits alone. The border security forces have also let go, and the villagers won’t come forward.”
“I have no face. It hasn’t been a desolate place since before.”
The problem was that those who could fight were already dead or attached to the bandits.
“I will leave in the morning. sorry.”
“I’m not asking the knight to destroy the bandits.”
“then?”
When Lian raised her head, Sylvia looked away and said.
“Can you be Liz’s father?”
Ryan waited for the words to follow without showing emotion.
It was so nonsensical.
“sorry. At the age of thirty-three, I couldn’t bear to say the word marriage, so I sold her daughter. But I’m serious. Of course, I’m not asking you to stay by her side for the rest of your life. For five years, even three years, can’t she just stay by her side until Liz is out of here and she can live in the world?”
Rihanna’s chest tightened.
If he refuses the offer, will he become the enemy who ruined Liz’s life again?
“I will make a good wife.”
As the silence grew longer, Sylvia lowered her head as if she had made up her mind and began to unfasten her clothes.
Entrusting her husband’s friend, Fox, was something she hated more than dying.
But if it wasn’t that disgusting, a woman alone knew what she would give up to protect her daughter.
Ryan firmly held out his hand.
“sorry.”
Sylvia’s embarrassing hand stopped.
There were a lot of people who just stayed overnight and left, so this was an unexpected situation even for her.
“There is someone I like. And you won’t change my mind this way.”
“okay.”
Sylvia straightened her collar and stood up.
There was nothing more to ask for because there was nothing more to give.
“I was grateful though. Fox is… … He really was like an enemy. I’ll pack some food, so take it with you in the morning.”
Seeing each other would only be embarrassing, so Sylvia was considerate of Lian and left the room.
Silence came again and the moonlight came through the window.
Lian spent the rest of the time immersed in agony.
What could be done and what could not be done flowed without a standard.
At dawn, Lian’s confused eyes gradually regained stability.
After inserting the greatsword into the leather scabbard on her back and leaving the door, there was a bag of food Sylvia had prepared in advance.
Ryan looked around for a moment at the room where the mother and daughter were sleeping.
“… … .”
And without touching anything, I slowly opened the door and went out.
He will never return to Lipne Village.
An hour after Lian left, Sylvia’s house was noisy as if Liz’s cries were about to leave.
“mom! My brother is gone! He left us behind!”
“No, Liz. My brother went his own way.”
“Aaaagh!”
Liz didn’t say anything more and just cried, as if she understood the world even a little in her young mind.
Then someone knocked on the door outside.
“Are you there? Let me ask you something.”
Sylvia opened the door without losing her vigilance and looked outside.
Then, with a dazed expression, he raised his head all the way to the threshold.
A body that is out of the standard of an average human.
He was over 2 meters tall, and his shoulders got caught in the door.
In her experience, this kind of thing has always dealt with swords.
When the man bent over suddenly showed his face, Sylvia took a step back in surprise.
A face long like a sweet potato, thick eyelashes, and a thin mustache peeking out from under the nose.
“Oh, sorry to startle you. Even if you go in for a while… … ?”
Sylvia asked as she hugged Liz.
“What are you doing?”
When the man stormed into the house without asking for permission, a seed that seemed crazy to his heart followed.
The servant was not short, but he was a dwarf compared to the man wearing black iron armor and carrying an iron sword carefully carved by a master craftsman.
The man, who had been sniffing and acting incoherently, nodded as if he understood.
“I heard rumors that a blue-haired knight with a long sword came to this village a few days ago. Have you seen it?”
There was only one person with blue hair who could think of a long sword.
“no. I don’t know anyone like that. Please leave.”
“Hmm, is that so?”
The man took out a chair from the table and sat down.
Every single action was transmitted to the mother and daughter as a sense of intimidation.
“Your introduction is late. My name is Ramdas, the Knight Acolyte. He is holding an official post in a distant country, but the late wind hits him and he is wandering aimlessly.”
Ramdas brought out phrases that he hadn’t even asked.
“Then I heard a rumor in the wind. This is the story of a young swordsman with blue hair.”
“You said you didn’t know such a person!”
“yes. Not that famous. But I don’t judge people by their reputation. In particular, the young prosecutor’s actions intrigued me.”
Sylvia gave up and kept her mouth shut.
“There are corpses that the young man cut down, of course there are some that were caught in the middle of the day, but there is a consistent aspect to some corpses. Excitement!”
As Ramdas slammed the table, the mother and daughter’s shoulders shook.
“They say everything is over with one sword. Whether it be horses, armor, shields, or weapons, they disregarded and cut them down.”
The end of Fox came to mind in Sylvia’s mind.
“Maybe that’s why it’s being evaluated as a rising divinity among knight attendants. Thanks to his bold swordsmanship, he seems to have been nicknamed the Knight of Macha in recent years.”
“A Knight of Mach?”
“yes. It means something huge like the sky, the sea, or the earth. But I heard, um, I heard from the villagers, that yesterday morning a young man tore up a man named Fox with his sword and armor. Also, I heard from the villagers that the young man is staying here.”
Sylvia’s lips trembled.
“really… … Don’t you know?”
Ramdas’ pretty eyes like a woman penetrated Sylvia’s heart like an awl.
—————————————

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-52.txt
=============YYYYY=============
[52] Overflow (2)
“It’s different from when Mr. Gauld was in school.It’s an era where students are absorbed in performance evaluation even if they cheat.In such a situation, talented children will be left behind if they pursue romance.”
“Hoo-hoo. That’s just like Mr. Shiina.Well, the three of them are also promising prospects for the school.If those children fall behind, the school will suffer a lot of damage.”
Sheena did not deny it.I want to make talented students bloom even more.That was the education center in Shina.
On the other hand, Etella’s view of education was the opposite.You never favor or force someone to lead.I thought it was a way behind the competition.However, in terms of the results, the level of students she was in charge of was by no means inferior to those in Cina.
“Am I being selfish?”I don’t want to spoil the fun of my school days.But what will happen to the students’ future if it leads to a waste of talent?’
Sheena sighed with difficulty.
“I don’t know.I’m not sure either.Why do talented children always try to get away with it?And why did Shironet join such a place?”
Etella silently looked down at the teacup and was lost in thought.She was the only one who knew that Shironet had experienced nirvana.
It was Shirone’s, and it was Shirone’s land, so I didn’t want to tell her as much as possible, but it would not be the best thing to keep my mouth shut to Shirona, a dedicated teacher.
“Have you noticed anything strange about Shirone lately?”
“It’s Shiro, isn’t it? Well, it’s more than a coupleIt’s all because I’m hanging out with those kids.I guess Ned and Iruki were the reason for joining the research group.”
“Maybe there’s another reason.”
“What? What do you mean?”….”
“I’m sorry I haven’t told you so far.In fact, this happened during the speed gun test.”
Etella told the story of Shirone entering Nirvana while targeting.Then Shina turned pale. She turned pale.
“Really? That’s an emotional function.”
Immotal function is the best, but it does not mean the best level.In some cases, street beggars are more aware of the depth than magicians.It was too dangerous a concept to be controlled by Cyrone, who is still only a student.
“Why didn’t you tell me in advance?”This is a really big problem.”
Etella thought there were no major and minor problems in the world.Everything was up to him, and Shirone wanted to make his own decision.
“Shiro’s already known.In fact, it’s strange not to know.Nirvana is the ultimate enlightenment that even I have never experienced.I thought there was no room for me to intervene.
“I understand how Mr. Etella feels.You can’t force others to do what you don’t know.But what if an overflow occurs?It may be irrevocable then.”
Overflow is a common phenomenon found in children who awaken their genius at a mentally immature age.
The whole mind refers to a state of silence like water in a bowl.However, when it overflows, it becomes crazy because it can’t control itself.This is why there are many wild or eccentric personalities among geniuses.
The earlier you experience overflow, the more talented you are, but for Sina, it was an irresponsible remark from the public who liked to follow geniuses.
Sheena also experienced overflow at the young age of nine.The world was not a rainbow of curiosity in her eyes.It was just a gray space dotted with mechanical rules.
I was overwhelmed with fear.So he locked the door and buried it in the dark.Despite the continued interest of the Olifer school, Cina’s condition showed no signs of improvement.
She remembers the dark world she stayed in for a year.and a ray of light that miraculously cut through the darkness.
The blond boy opened the door wide and held out his hand.If he hadn’t handed over his light, Caina would never have reached this position.
– Shina. Let’s get out of here.
Sheena smiled bitterly as she recalled those days.Memories speak.that he should not let Shirone walk on the same path as he did.
Shirone achieved rapid growth in a short period of time.He was stimulated by interacting with numerous talented people, and broke the limit in a row through fierce competition.If it was an emotional function, nothing else, the possibility of overflow was quite high.
Please enable JavaScript
“Mr. Ethella,”When I was a child, I suffered from overflow.I’m sure Mr. Ethella does, too, right?
“Yes, of course,”
Sheena realized that she was a Umun.The average age of wizards is 28 years old.However, the two were not only 26 years old, but had already stayed in this class for six years.
Considering that the average time to be promoted from level 6 to level 5 is 10 years, he was already a wizard in the top ranks even in level 6.
With this level of genius, it was rather strange that there was no overflow.
“I first experienced it when I was seven.That’s why I entered the Carris Monastery.But I was able to escape safely because I met good people.”
She was slightly moved by the fact that her experience was two years ahead of her, but soon shook her head.
The younger you are, the more likely you are to collapse due to overflow.Even before they knew the world, the terrifying fear they faced would not have been enough for a child to handle.
“You must have had a hard time.”
“I was really afraid.If I hadn’t entered the monastery, I probably wouldn’t have lived normally.”
In other words, a seven-year-old would have awakened as soon as he knew the world.The Etella could have caught on because it had become a Carris monastery, where the nation’s top leaders were gathered.
“But why did you leave Shironet unattended?”You know the fear of overflow better than anyone else.”
“Shiro and I are different.I’m 18 years old, not seven or eight.Overflow is dangerous because the container to hold the mind is not solid.But I think Shirone has the capacity to overcome it.Overflow, on the one hand, is the process of accepting genius.If we overcome this crisis, Shirone will grow further.”
What Etella said made sense.In fact, it was after the overflow of Siena’s magical talent.
However, it was possible because of the miraculous help.And those who were precious in return lost their light.
“It’s not that I don’t know what Mr. Sina is worried about.However, just because you are caught in an overflow doesn’t mean you’re all going to collapse.And so did I.”
Etella is just a unique case.Overflow may not have been such a big threat to her, who is carrying out with all her heart.said Cina with such a heart.
“I know Shiro’s bowl is not small.However, I have awakened my mental function.I mean, the worst could happen.If that happens, will Mr. Etella be responsible?”
“We don’t teach students to take responsibility.I’m sure Shironet will get through it.”
“But…!”
“But,”
said Etella firmly, putting down the teacup.
“If the worst happens, I’m ready to make amends for the child for life.”
Sheena shut her mouth.Etella’s determination went beyond the teacher to the monk’s spirit of sacrifice.
If she had not sincerely cared for the students, the free education policy would also have been nothing more than neglect.Perhaps it wasn’t himself who lacked determination?
Shina, who had put her hands together, bowed her head and said good-bye.
* * *
The Iron Gate of the Psychological Science Research Society has opened.In the dust rising from the floor, Cyrone gasped and floundered his arms.Leaving Shirone behind, Ned came in with a tired look.Then he left his bag behind and jumped into the sofa.
Iruki was playing chess.I was alternately holding black and white, but my hands moved without even thinking.When the first round was over in an instant, he rearranged his words and started the next round.
“Are you here? How was your day?”
said Ned, with his feet on the back of the sofa, in a sleepy voice.
“Well, nothing particularly interesting happened.”
Shirone sighed at the sight of his friends.Iruki skipped classes and played chess every day, and Nade’s only thing he could do was sleep.
“Irookie, you missed the afternoon session again, didn’t you?”What are you going to do if you get paid?”
“It’s all right. You can improve your grades as much as you miss your attendance.”
It’s a hateful answer, but I can’t refute it because what Iruki says is true.Currently, Iruki is holding out in the class five with only science and engineering scores.On the contrary, it meant that the humanities score was zero.There was room for an average of 20 points in the overall performance, so it was okay to relax.
“But isn’t that too much?”I’ve never seen anyone who doesn’t study this hard on Class Five.’
Iruki, who skipped classes every day, was avoiding failure only with science and engineering scores, and even Nade was lazy but did not miss the middle and high grades.Looking at this, I felt like a fool to study with all my might.
“I think I shouldn’t have joined the research group.”
“What’s wrong with this?”You know there’s no softening, right?
“No, I mean it.If I stay here, I’ll get weird first.”
“What are you talking about?”What did we do?
“You say it’s a research group, but you don’t do any activities and just play.On the other hand, the results are better than mine.I think I’m getting more anxious because I’m with great kids like you.”
“Do you think that joke is funny?”You gave me a bowl of rice in the test. What should I do?”
“I know. He’s so humble that he sounds so arrogant.”
Ned joined in.It made no sense to compare Shirone’s grades, which were less than a year old, with those who had been educated since childhood.
“No, I mean it.From now on, I’m going to cut back on my research group activities.You don’t want to do a performance test anyway, right?I’d rather study at that time.”
Only then did Iruki and Ned realize that they meant it.It seemed that I couldn’t stand being anxious if I didn’t study for fear that someone was not a model student.
“Why don’t you study here?”
“Huh? Here?”
“Well, we’re a little sorry for you, too.I’d like to hang out with you, but I’m afraid it’s disturbing you.It’s not bad to do it here, is it?Maybe we’ll be stimulated, too.”
“Well,”
Shirone, lost in thought, nodded.I didn’t think that I would study well in such a bizarre research group, but it was worth trying if it stimulated my friends.Sweeping the garbage on the table to the floor, he put his bag on it and said,
“All right, then I’ll study here.Instead, don’t interrupt.”
“Hehe. Don’t worry.We’re busy in our own way.”
As soon as Ned finished speaking, he lay down on the sofa.
“What shall we do now?”It’s very boring.”
Shirone’s veins stood out in his temples.However, he suppressed his anger and began to study because this level would be nothing compared to the challenges ahead.Iruki, who has already played chess for 34 games, busily moved his phone and bishop and said to Nade,
“If you have nothing to do, read a picture book.I brought this month’s.”
“Oh, really?”
Ned, standing up like a bounce, crawled into a pile of garbage under the table.
“Picture book? Is it a collection of famous paintings?”
Ned, who was moving under his feet, was cumbersome, but Sirone was also interested in art, so he let it go for now.Ned, escaping from the garbage, crawled under the table and shook a book in the air.
=======================================

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-520.txt
=============YYYYY=============
[520] Unknown Swordsman (4)
Arriving at the beginning of Mount Arch, Lian was lost in thought.
‘I can’t save everyone in the world.’
Also, even if you wanted to save someone, if you didn’t have the ability to do so, it was the same as committing suicide.
“I know, Sirone.”
That this is not like you.
It’s not like me to rush into the enemy camp and die bravely even though I know I’m going to die.
“Yeah, it’s not like that.”
Ryan laughed.
“You just have to go where your heart points.”
The scenery was beautiful, and the clear birdsong embroidered the valley coolly and spread out.
However, the aura of death awaiting him halfway up distorted the whole landscape to the point of dizziness.
The more he did, the faster he walked through the bush.
I didn’t want to waste time if I was going to make a decision.
Just because I lived 5 more minutes didn’t change the history I’ve lived so far.
As we approached the thieves’ sanctuary, two thieves who were patrolling the outskirts drew their swords and blocked our way.
“What are you? Do you know where this is?”
Lian continued moving forward without slowing down.
The eyes of the thieves, who confirmed the trained body and even the long sword behind them, were filled with life.
“stop. if you don’t want to die Who are you?”
Instead of answering, Lian reached over and grabbed the handle of the long sword.
“This child… … !”
Not to be outdone, two thieves ran downhill with their swords pointed.
“I am Lian.”
Lian’s face crumpled as he gritted his teeth, and hot air leaked out between his teeth.
“It’s Sirone’s sword.”
The thieves’ eyes shook in shock.
A huge flash of light was rolling in like a rising tidal wave just off the horizon.
* * *
Silvia was seized with a strange fear, and felt compelled to say anything.
“But why are you looking for him?”
Ramdas leaned back in his chair and twisted his mustache.
“Hmm, according to rumors, he has reached divine transcendence.”
“Divine Transcendence?”
“You move your body with the power of your will. Of course, it is unclear whether this is actually possible, but it is true that it is an interesting topic for prosecutors. The reason why I left knight training at this age was to confirm the reality of divine transcendence. That’s why I want to meet you. Will Mach’s knight really be able to cut me to pieces?”
Liz looked up and asked.
“Are you going to kill me?”
“Chuck! It’s unknown, little lady. Kill or die, you have to stick around to know. If he really is a yaksha from mythology, my black iron armor would be nothing more than a sheet of paper.”
After saying that, Ramdas aimed his gaze at Sylvia.
“Now, stop talking. Knight of Maha, where are you?”
I don’t think he’s the type to harass women.
However, his more eccentric temperament suggested that he would surely kill if he kept his mouth shut.
“He is the benefactor of our family. He did kill Fox, but he didn’t look very strong. He might be someone else.”
The reason Sylvia turned around was that she really didn’t know where Lian was.
“yes. That’s good enough for a rationalization. You did your best. Where are you?”
Sylvia cried and said.
“I don’t know. I also asked for help last night, but I refused and left in the morning.”
“Oh, how pitiful it is. If true, that’s really sad. The fact that Macha’s knight was just a coward.”
Contrary to what he said, Liz shouted at Ramdas’ cold face.
“It’s real! My brother abandoned us and left!”
“Chuck! Then, is it a lie that you cut down a man named Fox yesterday?”
“Well, it’s not… … .”
Ramdas, who had been boggling his upper body back and forth in thought, asked again.
“Tell me then. You know, because you were there. Didn’t you notice something strange when the prosecutor cut Fox?”
Liz’s face hardened as if she had been stabbed.
I don’t remember the scene at the time.
Not because I was surprised or scared, but at that moment, it felt like the world was distorting.
Ramdas thought that Liz’s expression was the clear proof.
“You saw it too, Deny.”
“I don’t know. I didn’t see anything.”
“It wasn’t that I didn’t see it, it was that I was shocked. It’s like a kind of shockwave that destroys human common sense.”
Ramdas started to get excited.
“Among swordsman practitioners, it is called axing. Among them, the axing used by the knights of Maha is Denai.”
Liz said while pulling Sylvia by the collar at the murderous spirit rising from Ramdas.
“I have no idea what you mean! And it has nothing to do with us!”
“okay. But it doesn’t matter to me. So you should also know what kind of knight Macha is.”
Ramdas slowly got up and pushed his upper body out.
“His sword denies the world’s logic.”
* * *
“Stop! The enemy is only one! Archers hold your ground!”
The 120 members of the Red Spear Bandits moved in perfect order.
Perhaps because the leader was a soldier, the system was different from other thieves.
Arrows rained down from 16 watchtowers, and foot soldiers armed with swords and spears gathered and scattered repeatedly, aiming for Lian’s life.
The swords were menacing, the spears too far, and the arrows falling out of sight.
“Yaaaa!”
Swinging his greatsword in an X-shape, Lian dispersed the troops and struck the pillar of the watchtower made of thick logs.
As the place where the greatsword passed was sniped, the watchtower tilted slowly and quickly fell.
“Ahh!”
Finding the archer in the ruins of the watchtower, Lian plunged his greatsword into his back.
At the same time, eight spears stabbed in from different directions.
“damn!”
Rian, who evaded by rolling on the floor, looked around.
No matter where you looked, you could only see enemies.
‘Yes, this is 100 people.’
Anyone who has experienced war for a long time knows how big the gap is between the 100 people in your head and the 100 people in reality.
It eliminated 3 people in 10 minutes, but this meant that it could never be annihilated.
Even if you eliminate one person every 3 minutes, it will take 300 minutes to annihilate.
In other words, you have to fight for your life for five hours, harder than sprinting.
Of course, this was just an ideal minimum figure.
“Besieged! Don’t give me a break!”
Enemies know that fact, so rather than recklessly attacking, they drove Lian into a corner and only spread the grass when a decisive opportunity came.
‘I can’t win anyway.’
finished in 1 hour
Enemies who saw through Lian’s strategy widened their distance.
But even faster than that, Lian jumped like a beast.
‘what… … ?’
The thieves’ eyes widened as the world suddenly shook as if it were distorted around Lian.
A movement that destroys common sense of inertia.
How could you land faster than you jumped up?
“Yaaaaa!”
When he swung his great sword, the bodies of three people were cut off.
An attack that cannot be blocked even with a shield.
The bandits were frightened, but they took courage and advanced again due to the huge difference in numbers.
“Kill! With fewer troops, we only become more dangerous!”
The words of the lieutenant commander caused a great sensation, and the thieves raised their resolve as if they were dealing with a monster that had attacked the village.
“shit! You weren’t just a kid!”
In the eyes of the thieves, Lian’s balance was excellent.
However, there were as many as 200 eyes watching him, and some of them dug into the gaps precisely and hurt them.
“Keugh!”
Two arrows were lodged in the shoulder and back, and the spear cut through the side.
‘There is no end.’
The number of enemies he has cut so far is 40, but Lian did not feel the difference between 120 and 80.
‘This isn’t it.’
As fatigue piled up, the thirst that could not be satisfied no matter how much he swung harassed him again.
The central axis of thinking has already tilted, so I feel like I’m writing the wrong answer no matter what I do.
‘It’s okay to die. but… … .’
Born as a swordsman, I want to feel the perfect cut even just once.
“Yaaaa!”
Lian screamed and charged.
If you don’t have a head to realize, you have no choice but to accumulate numerous failures through your body.
‘… … what?;
how much time has passed
Lian was puzzled when he realized that the number of enemies had decreased considerably.
‘How many times have I swung it?’
I don’t remember the battle.
no, it wasn’t conscious.
The moment I felt the sharp, sharp cut, a shiver ran up my spine.
‘This is it!’
The perfect slash I entered while conscious for the first time.
And the conclusion that Lian reached after accepting the cut into the cells of his whole body… … .
‘It wasn’t slanted.’
Nothing was wrong from the start.
The sword just goes anywhere.
That’s why it wasn’t the sword that was leaning… … .
‘It’s me.’
Swordsmanship doesn’t save the world.
The sword does not cut people.
Saving the world and killing people are human beings in the end.
Therefore, the sword is simply a human being who can wield it as he pleases.
‘Go only for me!’
In the place where the greatsword had passed, blood fountains protruding from the five necks gushed out one after another.
“The taste of cutting has become sharper.”
Facon, who was watching the battle from the living platform, spoke.
The stone chair was so large that it felt cramped, and a spear reddened with real human blood leaned against the armrest.
“It could be a fluke. Enlightenment does not come easily.”
Breeze, one of the thieves’ vice-captains and the only wizard, said.
It was an old man in his mid-sixties with a beard that grew roughly as if scrawled with a brush.
“There is no luck. Especially black.”
Facon was clearly aware of Lian’s change.
“If it is genius to realize before swinging, it would be dunjae to realize after swinging 10,000 times. But that 10,000 times is scary. It’s a matter of who wins and comes back, between a brilliant gambler with 1 gold and a stupid gambler with 100 million gold. Being able to swing 10,000 times must be another asset that a genius cannot possess.”
Breeze said, brushing her beard.
“Then I will have to step in.”
Since the momentum of the sword is at its peak, it is difficult to deal with infantry alone.
Faken, who agreed with the idea, gestured as if to step in.
“Give me a blow and come. If you’re that skilled, you’ll have to accept the loss of troops.”
When Breeze stepped forward from the podium and raised her hands, red flames gathered and roared above her head.
If he blows up the radius like this, his subordinates will also be sacrificed, but if he can’t stop Lian, who has turned into a beast, the future will be more difficult.
“At such a young age, the skills are quite good… … .”
Breeze casts a giant fireball while performing a magical action by putting both hands forward.
“I found the wrong water to play with.”
“It’s a fireball!”
At the same time as the thieves shouted, Lian bent over and turned her head.
My eyes widened the moment I saw a huge fire burning through the air.
Divine Transcendence – Yaksha.
As the air expands, the afterimage of the incarnation manifests, and Breeze, who was watching Lian, felt her hair stand on end.
“Great!”
Crumpling his face and twisting his waist with all his might, Lian swung his greatsword at the flying fireball.
Axing-deny.
A strong wind roared and the fireball lost momentum and split in half.
Breeze looked at it and put on a dazed expression.
“My, my magic… … .”
Facon, who was watching, also showed his face with an expression of incomprehension.
“… … Did you see the magic?”
It was a sight that even he, who had lived on the battlefield for decades, had never heard of, let alone seen.
—————————————

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-521.txt
=============YYYYY=============
[521] Unknown swordsman (5)
For a while, the battle fell into a lull.
Dozens of deaths had already occurred, and the thieves were so excited that they were close to madness, but the incident where Lian cut the fireball was surprising enough to cool their fighting intentions in an instant.
The yaksa’s anger transcends the law and is expressed in action.
Axing collectively.
Among them, Denai was Lian’s unique skill to break the opponent’s will with his own will.
To put it bluntly, it denies all the principles of the world by endlessly overlapping the law with the feedback of the thesis, which is implied, ‘If you must do it, you must do it.’
“How can magic… … .”
Breeze still couldn’t face reality.
Of course, Fireball, which combines omniscience and omnipotence, can be cut with a sword because it works like real fire in the Spirit Zone.
However, the problem was not that the fire was cut, but that the magic itself had been extinguished.
The sudden disappearance of magic, like a candle being blown out, was not a normal phenomenon even to outsider thieves.
“Is that so… … .”
The red spear facon rose from his seat.
I still couldn’t understand the immediate outcome, but if I expand it to the category of strange events, it wasn’t that I couldn’t guess at all.
On the battlefield, countless rumors that cannot distinguish truth from lies circulate, and among them, the ones that are often heard are tests of transcendental abilities that can never be realized with schemas.
“I wondered what he believed in when he was young and invaded the living.”
Facon gripped the red spear leaning next to the stone chair.
“Kill him with all your might. He is a different human being than the prosecutors we know.”
Following the leader’s words, the officers lined up on the left and right took out their weapons and glared at Lian with ferocious eyes.
“let’s go! It’s an all-out attack!”
As Facon swung his spear and jumped off the podium, the dumbfounded thieves regained their senses and charged Lian.
Lian looked at her enemies with a calm gaze.
‘Let’s not be obsessed.’
Lian put all his will into moment-to-moment judgment, and enemies were cut away with each swing of the greatsword.
It was a mechanical severance, as if a ruler was placed on paper and cut with a knife.
Also, that was the fingerprint of the unique sword that made Lian known as the Mach Knight.
When the number of bandits fell below 50, Lian began to gain momentum for the first time.
How absurd it is for one life to reap 70 lives.
The thieves trembled in fear, and their hearts stopped even if they met Lian’s eyes.
“come here! Baby!”
Facon swung a red spear and charged Lian.
The moment the sword and the spear collided, Lian’s spirit, which had fallen into a trance, returned to reality in an instant.
The sensation of colliding with an iron wall, not a person, passed through my fingertips.
‘The interest is the paycon.’
Even if it wasn’t a red spear, Faken’s skills were by far outstanding.
The order of the technique tree is muscle strength, nerves, and mitochondria.
In particular, the strength of the base, which is the base, was multiplied in efficiency through the technique of folding.
“Haha! is it just this? Run amok like before!”
Lian was pushed back in succession by Facon’s spear thrusting in without giving him a chance to rest.
If it was one-on-one, he would be able to do it, but fighting a master while surrounded by bandits was unreasonable.
Above all, the skills of the executives who assisted Facon were incomparable to those of ordinary people.
‘Grandpa, how the hell did you think of doing this?’
Ogent Klumph automatically came to Rian’s mind, who fought with all his might.
Even when he was living under the utmost care of his parents and siblings as the youngest son in the family, he thought that subduing bandits would be a difficult task, but when he actually experienced it, he realized to the bone how self-indulgent he had been living.
‘As expected.’
Faken narrowed the gap with his eyes shining.
Every time a crisis hits, the shaking is big.
Of course, I would like to give points for overcoming the crisis in the end, but the lack of experience was evident at a glance.
‘I’m just honest, but my sense is too low. How the hell did you get to this point? I should have died a long time ago.’
That was the diagnosis of Facon, who had lived in the world of swords for a long time.
“Keugh!”
As the blood-stained spear rushed in like a severing lifeline, Lian swung his greatsword wide.
It was a counterattack that would have worked at any other time, but Facon was perfectly expecting Lian’s breath from a short confrontation.
‘Avoid… … .’
The greatsword brushed the tip of Faken’s nose and went up.
‘Poke.’
pop!
Twisting his arm, the tip of his spear pierced Lian’s side the size of a fist and passed away.
‘what?’
Since it was the heart he was aiming for, Faken’s eyebrows lifted slightly.
“Big!”
Lian’s pupils, who were clenching their teeth and enduring the pain, curled upwards, and the afterimage of the incarnation appeared again.
Facon was embarrassed, not befitting the name of a veteran.
It won’t actually look like it.
There is no limit to space if a certain energy emanating from Lian passes through the brain to form a special image.
huge.
I don’t know what the biggest thing in the world is, but if there is one, it’s a gigantic figure with teeth baring.
At the same time, a sound like noodles being pulled out of water was heard, and black lines protruded and intertwined on Lian’s side, quickly filling the empty space.
‘Wounds regenerate?’
It was a strange phenomenon that could not be explained even with the schema.
“Aaaaaaa!”
Lian rushed forward with the egg whites lifted up.
Refined anger and other seething emotions exploded and I couldn’t control my body.
The essence of emotion is belligerence.
The desire to fight, to fight against someone stronger led Lian’s sword.
– Smille. Smille.
“This is your chance! Kill!”
If the firepower was increased while ignoring the preservation of the body, the defense would have been lax.
‘No, this is not about being flimsy.’
They are attacking like a lifeless person.
“Poke! Stab it unconditionally!”
You can kill it now.
However, among the thieves, only Facon was the only one who could hold out his sword in front of the explosive force like a god of war.
“Stupid children!”
There are 22 people left.
If you lose more here, then there is really no turning back.
Perceiving Lian’s motives for targeting the wizard Breeze, Facon used a subordinate as a sacrifice to close the gap.
As he continued to puncture Lian’s body with his flashy spearmanship, he heard hallucinations again.
– Smille. Smille.
Rian regained consciousness at the sound of a voice that sounded like the sound of wind swirling in a deep valley.
‘scary. It’s too scary, Sirone.’
Why did this happen to you?
Even when he ate Ymir’s arm and regenerated his right arm, and even when he fought numerous battles with <Idea> in his hands, he did not hear any hallucinations.
From one day, I heard
It was probably the first time he suffered a near-death wound.
But the problem is, Klump heard the same hallucinations only once in his life.
But why does this hallucination not go away from himself?
The only thing I could know was the certainty that this wouldn’t last forever.
Lian gripped the greatsword tightly.
‘doesn’t care. If only I could fight now!’
Kwaaang!
Facon, who blocked Lian’s attack, distorted his expression at the impact that felt like his whole body was being crushed.
“Hehe!”
Laughter leaked out in fear.
“Hehehehehe!”
Kakacak!
Lian’s charge stopped when he pressed his body close to the spear pole.
Between the crossed arms in the shape of an X, Faken revealed his face of madness.
“Do you want to engrave your name in history? yes? Do you think it will be that easy?”
Who the hell started first?
A person who did a crazy thing to make his name known by defeating the thieves.
“it’s over. Your future will at best be a corpse and food for birds.”
Faken shook his head and shouted.
“What are you doing! Put an end to it!”
No one answered.
‘no way… … .’
Feeling uneasy, Facon hurriedly looked around.
No one was standing.
In three hours, all 120 bandits were cut down.
‘Maybe this guy too… … .’
I don’t know if I’ll go down in history.
As I turned my head thinking about that, Lian said.
“die.”
oh i’m dying
There was so much overwhelming power in his voice that it made me think that it must be so.
“this… … .”
The moment Facon was about to leave his will, Lian’s arm rose very slowly.
Seeing the completely empty torso reminded Facon that he could live again.
‘If you stab me in the heart… … .’
But at that moment I realized.
Let alone the body, even the tongue that was spitting out the words was not moving.
The time gap according to the transcendental relative speed.
In reality, Lian’s arm was moving faster than Faken’s tongue.
The two arms that had been denied were swung downward several times faster than they had risen.
Aaaaaang!
The greatsword hit the ground, and Facon’s body split in two with a shudder as if the world was splitting.
“Great!”
Rian frowned and withstood the impact of the body that was raised to an over-face.
As the muscles all over my body twisted, I felt as if I was transforming into another creature.
“Whoa.”
After about five minutes had passed, Lian was able to lift her back.
‘I’ll be sick for two days.’
survived anyway And with this, he was completely relieved of his responsibility towards Sylvia’s family.
‘I won’t be shaken anymore.’
It was a fight in which death was closer than life, but it was a great fruit for Lian, who learned from actual combat.
“This is lucky. I really thought you would be here.”
Lian turned his head at the voice he heard from the entrance of the sanchae.
“What are you?”
A tall man in black iron armor was scanning the corpses with greasy eyes.
Judging from the fact that the squire standing behind him was holding a pen and paper, it was clear that he was a nobleman practicing knighthood.
However, there was a feeling that he was too old to practice now.
“Are you a knight of Mach? I’ve heard the rumors.”
“A Knight of Macha?”
Lian tilted his head at the title he heard for the first time, but the man didn’t care and pulled out a sword as long as his height.
The sword was also black iron and was embroidered with sophisticated patterns.
“As I’ve heard, you’re a dubious man. But what you see in front of you is the clear proof.”
When the man’s eyelashes opened like flower petals, blood came out, and Lian’s body reacted by itself.
It was a master I had never met before.
“Subjugation of bandits. Well, when I was young, I did it whenever I was bored. Now that I see it, I miss it.”
When there was no reaction from Lian, Ramdas swung his sword and returned to his stance.
“What are you doing? Come on. You’re not waiting to die without knowing what you’re doing, right?”
It is common for Ikito to come in during the knight’s training.
However, at present, Lian had just destroyed 120 bandits, and the aftermath of Denai had not completely disappeared.
“Of course I know.”
Lian turned to Ramdas with a smile.
The two prosecutors faced each other at a distance of 20 meters.
It was a distance much farther than the sword, but considering the movement speed of the schema, it was a distance that could never be said to be far.
‘come. I’ll expose your true identity.’
As Ramdas thought, Lian’s figure disappeared.
All I could see was an infinitely long horizontal flash in the realm of thought.
As if the three-dimensional body of Ramdas had been cut into two dimensions, the waist, wrist, and sword made of black iron were cut at the same hardness and fell to the floor.
“… … .”
The servant stood with his mouth open in a daze, unable to transfer a single word to the paper.
As I slowly turned around, I saw Lian walking down the mountain with her greatsword hand outstretched.
Pupperpuppung!
Muscles burst from Lian’s shoulder to wrist, revealing bone, but his fingers were still gripping the greatsword.
– Smille. Smille.
Feeling the muscles in his right arm reconnect, Lian moved away from the servant’s vision.
will be strong
will come to the end of the world
‘Because that’s right next to you. Right, Sirone?’
Only after Lian disappeared completely did the servant gulp the saliva in his mouth.
The owner who served for 10 years passed away, but rather than feelings of condolences, emotion surged first.
“Rumors… … It was true.”
The trembling pen tip glided slowly across the paper.
Mach’s Knight
(end of volume 21)
—————————————

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-522.txt
=============YYYYY=============
[522] New Covenant (1)
There is an island that does not exist on the map on the sea 34 kilometers from Galliante Island.
This island called ‘Baekdo’, which only old fishermen who have been on a boat for over 40 years know about, was an island that was privatized long ago by an organization from the Galliante Autonomous District.
And currently, Keira, one of the caretakers of the Ivory Tower, was resting in the white island, waiting for an order from the superior.
The scenery of the Cheonhae was full of unknowns.
Numerous animals and plants that have evolved independently, and even cannibal birds that make beautiful sounds like flutes.
Keira was preparing an early morning in a cabin built near a small waterfall.
It was a simple meal, but it was a break after a long time for her who was always busy with work.
“It smells delicious. Is it rabbit stew?”
Keira’s hand stirring the ladle stopped abruptly.
I couldn’t even feel the presence, but the voice was enough.
Armin laughed.
“what? Could it be that you are at the doorstep?”
But, as if Keira hadn’t heard anything, she went back to stirring the ladle.
“… … I’ll come back when I’m offended.”
At the same time as Armin turned around, Keira nervously threw the ladle away.
The ladle rolled on the floor with a bang, and Keira, who was crying, ran with all her might and hugged Armin.
“You bastard! I thought you were dead! really… … I thought you were dead!”
Armin stroked Keira’s back.
“I’m back. As promised.”
Keira, covered in tears, asked with a bright expression.
“Are you completely back? sit down once Are you hungry?”
As busy as her hands preparing the meal, her mouth had no time to rest.
“I was punished for tearing up the pact. For now, stay here until you return. Still, it’s worth the wait. Oh, let’s go to the Ivory Tower right after breakfast. I have to report it.”
“No, Keira. I am not going back to the ivory tower.”
Keira turned around with a dazed expression.
“What are you talking about?”
“I have work to do. I think I will be active in a new team for a while. You will understand.”
“understanding? Maybe if you died, but since you came back alive, you can’t escape the Ivory Tower’s surveillance.”
“Of course it is. But maybe it will be fine. The Ivory Tower will have no choice but to accept my offer this time.”
“What happened? What about the new team?”
“First of all, let’s eat breakfast. I will explain.”
Armin took his time and sat down at the table.
It seemed like today was going to be a long day.
* * *
Basuka, the capital of the kingdom of Tormia.
Returning to the Kaizen Swordsmanship Academy, Kuan put all his luggage into one bag and changed his clothes.
Her eyes when choosing clothes were more cautious than usual, but she wasn’t satisfied with any of them.
‘Should I cut my sleeves? Or is it better to leave it as it is?’
Just then, the door slammed open and a piercing voice was heard.
“You madman!”
It was Kiyora Ellis, a surgeon at the swordsmanship academy.
“Are you here?”
Quan bowed briefly and looked back at the mirror.
“what? Are you here? Yes, here you go, you son of a bitch! The letter of resignation you handed in today. Do you know how much I struggled to get this back?”
Kuan, who was absent from school without permission, was naturally dismissed from the job, but Elise put her powers on hold.
Since she was such a woman, I couldn’t describe the feelings I felt when Kuan returned.
I’m back.
Not enough amputation, one arm is missing.
Especially since she was a surgeon in the field of neural junctions, I was devastated to see my dearest friend go through something like this every time.
Whether he knew this or not, Quan responded with a sense of relief as if he had thrown away old trash.
“Why are you withdrawing? I didn’t sleep at all and took the time to write it. Give it back and come.”
“Ah, sir!”
Elise slammed her resignation letter on the ground.
I’m not training my mutt, what’s the use of this if I’m leaving school anyway?
“What the hell are you doing? You can think while at school, even during vacation! Paid vacation!”
“I got a new job. And you can’t be a teacher anyway. My sword cannot reach the students. So find another teacher right now.”
Elise was also a teacher at a swordsmanship school, so she had a vague sense of what Quan got in return for giving up her arm.
Before leaving school and now, Quan had such a strange temperament that it was safe to say that he was a completely different person.
“You won’t tell me until the end, right? You don’t want to be friends with me, right?”
“I’m past the age of threatening you with something like that. anyway what do you think of this? Should I cut off the sleeves or should I leave them as is?”
“How do I know, man! A man who cut off his own arm, what do you know about sleeves! You’re making me nervous!”
“I guess I should just leave it alone.”
It would be cumbersome in a combat situation, but apparently this side was much better.
Only then did Ellis realize that Quan had changed deep inside.
He paid attention to his clothes, and his attitude towards people was much calmer than before.
He made up his mind to go out into the world after overcoming a long nightmare.
“You really won’t regret it, will you?”
Quan turned to Ellis and said.
“are you okay.”
Alice couldn’t say anything.
How could you stop him from going in front of his beloved friend’s smile for the first time in 10 years?
“Thank you. I’ll contact you.”
After tapping Ellis on the shoulder and leaving the room, Quan passed through the hallway he always passed through and caught his eyes on the training ground where countless students were tricked.
I missed the boring scenery as much as today.
‘Come to think of it, is he okay?’
Lian dropped out of school to leave for knight training.
After thinking about the result like this, he was one step behind Lian.
‘Maybe we can meet someday.’
Because that is the prosecutor’s destiny.
Kuan got into the carriage he had reserved in advance and told the coachman to go to the city of Kentra.
Tormia is a famous pastoral area, and it was the area where Shiina and I had lunch before going to heaven.
And today, I meet her again.
“I hope it’s not too late.”
Twenty minutes late, Kuan opened the carriage door roughly and entered the restaurant.
“shit.”
It was still a comfortable atmosphere as before, and most of the customers were dressed in simple clothes.
But to them, Quan was an unusual guest.
Since he was wearing a sword and even had a stern look, the restaurant became quiet and his eyes focused.
Then Shiina got up from the table in the corner.
“Here it is, sir.”
Kuan was stunned for a moment and looked at Shiina.
With her glasses off and her hair down, she was a completely different person.
When a beautiful woman greeted Quan, the guests looked at the two in bewilderment.
Even if you don’t want to pay attention to it, you can’t help but have an intrusive gait.
At the restaurant, only Shiina was looking at Kuan with sincere eyes.
“Forgive me for being late.”
“are you okay. Baska is a long way away. How have you been?”
“yes. what… … .”
The first person to contact was Shiina. It must have been that the promise he had made in heaven was on his mind.
Kuan ordered a lamb steak.
Not long after he lost his arm, everything was unfamiliar to him, but he suddenly thought there was no need to order something else.
But that thought soon turned to regret.
The meat was tougher than expected, so it didn’t cut well, and that didn’t mean you couldn’t use a kitchen knife to practice swordsmanship.
“Pooh!”
Quan’s cutting stopped at the sound of laughter from the table next to him.
When I turned my head, a woman belatedly covered her mouth and lowered her head, and the man on the other side avoided her fidgety gaze.
“Never mind.”
Shiina said.
“I know how strong Mr. Quan is. The stronger she is, the more relaxed she is.”
Realizing her own weakness in Heaven, Shiina also learned what the strong carry on their shoulders.
“I will cut it for you.”
Before Kuan could say anything, Shiina took the plate and took it and cut the steak.
As if it had worked, the eyes of the guests were much warmer than before.
Of course, it was probably a reaction that came from a ridiculous illusion that Shiina was helping the weak.
Kuan just stared at it as if possessed by a ghost.
Come to think of it, my attitude towards myself was quite different from before.
“Sensei Shiina.”
Shiina asked back while focusing on cutting.
“yes?”
“You don’t have to do this. I appreciate your kindness, but if you think you owe me… … .”
Quan stopped talking when he saw a piece of steak suddenly thrust out in front of his eyes.
In terms of swordsmanship, it’s an excellent stab.
When Kuan raised his gaze, Shiina, whose face was as red as a carrot, could not find a place to rest her eyes and spoke.
“Do you want to eat?”
If you’re being chased by a torrent of emotions, there are times when you lose your focus and do crazy things, but now Shiina was like that.
It is true that he had a crush on Kuan, but he had no intention of going so far.
Customers who sensed the atmosphere were excitedly waiting for the man’s choice.
Quan, who had been watching for a long time, smiled softly and put the meat she gave her into his mouth.
“ah… … .”
Then, after politely handing over the fork, he ignored it.
“thank you.”
If Alice had seen this scene, she would have come to the tomb and teased her, but Quan thought that was enough.
No one will criticize me for taking at least one pleasant memory with me before going on a long trip.
After the meal was over, Shiina hesitated for a while in front of the moving carriage.
“I don’t think we will be able to meet often when school starts.”
“yes. You probably do. Never mind.”
Shiina tilted her head, but she was also obsessed with relationships with men anyway, so she was busy trying to say something.
“If it’s okay… … Would you like to write a letter?”
“A letter?”
Kuan, who blinked at the sudden suggestion, nodded after thinking for a while.
“I see. I’ll be waiting for you.”
I could see that Shiina’s face suddenly brightened, probably because she was nervous.
“yes. Then I will send you to the swordsmanship academy.”
“Swordsmanship school… … . Ah yes. I guess that will work.”
“Then, Sensei Kuan, please go home carefully.”
Shiina bowed politely and climbed into the carriage.
Her face was quite flushed as she closed the door.
They get to know each other by exchanging letters with a man they didn’t even know existed until recently.
It was a thrill that he had never felt since he was in debt to Armin as a child.
Quan watched the carriage for a long time before turning to the entrance of the city.
When I entered the forest, the party that had already arrived and was waiting for me appeared.
Armin of Gwangan asked.
“Did you enjoy your meal?”
“I just settled my previous promise, I didn’t go there to enjoy it.”
Kuan said honestly.
Shiina is a good person, but in the position of knowing the secrets of the world, Kuan chose to protect her rather than immediate happiness.
‘I can’t do this. I have to become stronger.’
“Hey, what’s so serious? Like someone who had a last supper.”
Miro and Arius walked out of the bushes on the other side.
Sirone, still wearing Armand’s robe, fell asleep with Arius on his back.
Miro patted Sirone on the head and said.
“Anyway, since we’re all gathered, shall we start soon? You have to wake up this kid first so you can do the next thing.”
After returning from Heaven, Miro asked Armin and Quan to help him with his work.
Armin and Kuan are rivals in a sense, but to her, both were precious talents that she could not give up.
In particular, Quan’s unique swordsmanship, which he realized in heaven, was powerful enough to change the system of swordsmanship spread throughout the world.
“Since I agreed to cooperate, I will go anywhere. Wherever my sword is needed.”
Armin asked.
“So how are you going to wake up Sirone?”
“Nothing has been decided yet. Once I talk to her and her, the answer will come out one way or another.”
“she?”
Miro said with a smile.
“Theraze, Empress of Kashan.”
—————————————

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-523.txt
=============YYYYY=============
[523] New Covenant (2)
Kashan.
A powerful empire that occupies one-third of the human realm.
Aganos, a huge palace where Theraje, the ruler of Kashan lives, was a military and cultural fortress equipped with all defense facilities against magic, law, and physical attacks, and built an independent living area.
“Wow, long time no see.”
Entering Kashan’s capital, Miro’s party looked at the castle tower of Aganos from the fountain in the city square.
The sight of hundreds of castle towers rising as if trying to stab the sky to death was absolutely spectacular.
‘Terase… … .’
During the one-year period given after being chosen as the shield of mankind, Miro traveled around the world and met various people.
Among them, the most impressive was Theraje Mystra, the Empress of Kashan.
It was the first time in my life that I officially felt weird seeing someone.
Unofficially, there would be Guffin, but he had already been erased from my head.
“Auntie, how much is this?”
Bored of waiting until the appointment time, Miro wandered around the shops surrounding the plaza and shopped.
Armin and Quan did not move in front of the fountain, and Arius followed behind the maze with Sirone covered in black cloth on his back.
“that? 2 gold.”
“yes? What does this cost 2 gold?”
What Miro chose was a bracelet made of twisted three-colored leather.
“Cowhide, horsehide, camel skin, weaved. You can buy it for a very cheap price.”
“Ah, cows, horses, camels.”
Miro placed a gold coin on the seat.
“Give it to me for 1 gold. Even if it’s leather, it’s only a rat’s tail.”
The merchant woman looked at me as if it were absurd.
“what? How precious leather is in Kashan. Can you get it at half price? Isn’t this a pure thief simbo?”
Miro made an effort to smile.
“Aunty, do you know who I am?”
“Who is the lady?”
“This is the person who came to meet Theraze. you know? queen here. That is, the state guest of the empire. But can’t you give me one of these cheaply?”
The merchant woman widened her eyes.
“Such a request! How dare you call the queen’s last name carelessly! No matter how outsiders you are, this is the capital of Kashan! Get out of here! Before reporting to the patrol!”
When the value of Theraze’s name didn’t work, Miro mobilized the last resort.
“Hey, auntie. I’m the empress, and I’m the one who protected the world for 20 years by myself! If it wasn’t for me, she wouldn’t be able to do business here!”
The merchant woman’s face was covered in shock and horror.
“Isn’t this a complete idiot? people! Quickly call the patrol here! A crazy woman has appeared!”
“What, crazy woman? This lady is really… … !”
As a commotion erupted, everyone paid attention to the stalls.
On the other hand, Quan and Armin in front of the fountain wished they were strangers.
“There is no such thing as a thunderclap.”
Armin laughed bitterly at Quan’s words.
“They say he was a famous geek since he was a student. It’s not that people’s personalities change easily.”
“… … But is it okay? I understand that the maze is a world-class secret.”
“what… … If you can buy specialties at half price.”
When Quan turned around at the joke that was not the same, Armin shrugged his shoulders shyly.
“The parties say so, what can I do?”
Quan sighed and turned to the maze as a group of soldiers walked from the entrance of the plaza with a rattling sound.
All of them were heavily armored, and their waists were studded with golden amber.
The Royal Guard of Aganos-One.
The guards guarding Theraje are divided into three groups: close, middle, and circle, which means the scope of the queen’s escort.
If they were original, they were the ones who guarded Theraje from the farthest distance, but even the sight of the castle guards appearing for the first time made the residents nervous.
“Hey, lady! If you’ve been drinking since broad daylight, go in and sleep well! Where are the small merchants?
“No, why don’t you believe me? Because I am Adrias Miro! The queen here called me!”
Arriving at the plaza, the captain of the guards sighed when he saw the woman arguing with the merchant.
“They said there was no need to look… … .”
The order Theraze delivered through the chain of command was, ‘Bring the loudest woman in the market.’
As the guards approached the stall, the merchant woman, who had come to her senses belatedly, stiffened with a pale face.
“Guardian, Royal Guard… … .”
Not the rangers, but Aganos’s Royal Guard.
What was even more frightening was that the captain of the guards came one step closer and gave Miro the best treatment.
“You are here. I was ordered to serve the Empress respectfully. I will guide you.”
“Hmm.”
Miro, who had been looking at the captain with sullen eyes, suddenly smiled and turned to the merchant woman.
The startled woman’s lips quivered.
A leather bracelet of three colors twisted like a twist fit snugly around Miro’s slender hand.
There was nothing to block Miro and his party from entering the castle of Aganos following the captain of the guards.
The ladies-in-waiting and attendants opened the way as if they were running away, and all the gates opened without even needing to knock.
The sight of the impenetrable gates opening madly, impenetrable even by the elite troops of one country, was a thrilling shock to those who had spent their entire lives in the imperial palace.
The captain withdrew at that point because the guards with the sign of amber could not go to the 20th floor.
When I went up the 20th floor through the narrow stairs, the Aganos Guard with the mark of a diamond was waiting for me.
The captain of the Praetorian Guard in white ironclad approached Quan and held out his hands politely.
“You can’t carry weapons from here. the sword… … .”
Quan didn’t even pretend to hear.
As Miro and the others turned around the corner and walked down the hallway, the captain of the guards followed without imposing any restrictions.
Upon arriving at the spire on the 23rd floor, at the end of the hallway, 10 Fungjang personnel wearing owl masks were guarding the door.
The remaining 90 members had already been dispatched to various parts of the world in search of the incarnation of Ankera.
However, the remaining 10 people were the officials of the wind farm, and the spirits of collective murder that they spewed out in the hallway were enough to suffocate even the average master to death.
“Hey, that’s terrifying. Did you spray poison gas?”
Miro, who approached with a smirk, said to the person at the head of the wind farm.
“Can you get out of the way? What’s the point of calling and blocking?”
“… … No one but you can enter.”
Hearing a voice he could never forget even after 10 years, Quan frowned.
Miro didn’t act carelessly this time either.
Even within the fortress-like Aganos, this room was special, and even Maze had a reason to enter it alone.
“Wait here for a moment. I’ll go in at once.”
As the door opened, the space in the room expanded, and Miro’s eyes gradually grew cold as he stepped forward.
The first thing I heard was the sound of the door closing, and then I saw Uorin sitting cross-legged on a chair.
“It’s been a while, Miro. It is still the same as before.”
“Is this the first time I see you?”
We know that Theraze is mitochondrial Eve.
However, it was disappointing that the person in front of him was not Mystra’s face.
“Whoops, sit down. Shall we have some tea? Or alcohol?”
“Before that, I want to talk alone. Is that why you called me separately too?”
Miro couldn’t see anyone other than Uorin anywhere in the line of sight, but it was predictable even without seeing it.
“Crouch, stay out.”
A moment of silence passed.
“are you okay. Since you’ve already been called here, you’re not at a level where you can do anything alone.”
At the same time as he finished talking, the window on the right side of the maze popped! It opened and closed quickly with a noise.
“Is that okay?”
As Miro slowly sat down on the chair across from her, Woorin, who was staring at her face, burst out laughing.
“You look like you’re dying to hit me on the cheek.”
“From the beginning… … Was it all your plan?”
Miro asked Theraje Mystra, who was still alive in Uorin’s memory.
“of course. Thanks to that, you too have escaped from the dreaded dimension wall, right? Yeah, about 20 years? How does it feel to be out in the world? Oh, that bracelet is pretty.”
“It’s not particularly bad. The world that came out after a while is also fun. but… … .”
Roaring!
The incarnation of Banya, transcending the mind, rose from Miro’s body like flames and flew towards Urin.
Guanyin’s face was benevolent, but dozens of arms wrapped around Uorin in the form of different hand signs, as if crushing them.
“You shouldn’t have touched my friend.”
He tried to go forward alone, embracing all the sins of mankind, but he unwillingly dragged in Sein and Gaold.
Gaold, who was a particularly earnest believer, became a demon and was wandering through hell even at this moment.
There is probably no human being who does not feel fear from the killing spree of mankind’s strongest banya, but Uorin knew the maze all too well.
“I know what you mean. So you don’t have to pretend to be angry. I understand how you feel, but… … .”
For the inconsiderate Banya, anger is also just an earthly emotion.
As the incarnation of Guanyin disappeared in an instant, Wu Lin looked at the cubic on her fingernail this morning and said,
“I didn’t sacrifice Gaold. Because it was something only Gaold could do. As if only you were worthy of sacrificing for humanity.”
Miro pursed his lips.
As expected, to Mitochondrial Eve, all appearances were meaningless.
Uorin, who corrected Cubic’s position, raised her head.
“Yes, I’m sure you didn’t come here to argue. Why did you want to see me?”
“You must have known?”
“Yes?”
Uorin tilted her head as if she really didn’t know.
‘She’s a really irritating woman.’
It was an unspoken suggestion that if you need help, you should take appropriate action.
“I remembered.”
The leader who guards the head of the wind field said.
“That was the prosecutor then.”
When the owl mask was removed, the face of the woman who had appeared in Quan’s nightmare was revealed.
His eyebrows were light on his snow-white face, and his sharp eyes hidden behind his thick eyelids were the same as they were 10 years ago.
The cost of refusing her offer severed his Achilles tendon and changed Quan’s life forever.
It was only natural that he would get nervous when he faced such an enemy just a few meters away.
“You are still holding the sword. I’ll admit that you have the guts to eat.”
Quan’s eyes widened when the woman made a gasping noise and reminded him of the situation in which he cut out his Achilles tendon.
At the same time, the woman’s eyes shone as if it were bizarre.
‘What is this… … ?’
The world was slowly tilting to the right.
As I leaned 10 degrees, 20 degrees, and 30 degrees, I felt as if I was going to slip, and my right foot naturally gave me strength.
‘It seems to fall.’
Kuan said quietly.
“Don’t offend me. Because I’m desperately holding back.”
I’m sure I’ve realized something.
But what kind of realization can the human temperament be so bizarrely twisted?
‘I recognized my talent at the time, but… … .’
A level different from that.
A swordsman named Quan, whose Achilles tendon was cut 10 years ago, no longer existed in this world.
‘I’ll have to catch it first.’
The woman slowly shifted her center of gravity to the left.
Then, the tilted world began to find its place, and eventually returned to a perfectly horizontal level.
‘Certainly not easy.’
The reason why Quan did not readily draw the sword even in front of the enemy who ruined his life was because the opponent was a wind commander before putting the mission first.
‘wait. One day, I’ll cut off everyone’s legs.’
Unlike Kuan, who was planning her future like that, the woman was all focused on the bizarre temperament she felt a moment ago.
‘What was it?’
Unable to contain her curiosity, the woman opened her mouth.
“you… … .”
Then Miro’s voice cut the woman’s words.
“Arius, come in.”
The woman frowned, covered her face with the owl mask again, and stepped aside.
As Arius entered the room, Uorin raised her hand.
“It’s been a while, Arius.”
They met at Kazura Castle, but their circumstances were very different from that time.
Uo-rin, who was a princess of a country, became a member of the Three Emperors, and a grave robber of 7 demons became a faithful servant of Miro, the strongest banya.
“Lay it down on the table.”
As Miro grabbed the end of the cloth and pulled it back, Sirone, wearing Armand’s robe, closed her eyes as if she had fallen asleep.
‘Sirone… … .’
In a short moment, Uorin’s eyes turned friendly.
—————————————

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-524.txt
=============YYYYY=============
[524] New Covenant (3)
“Sirone. Of course you know.”
Miro felt rather creepy from Uorin’s friendly gaze that passed by for a moment.
From a biological point of view, a mother’s benevolence is expressed because she thinks the child is hers.
Uorin’s expression could be said to be the pinnacle of possessive desire that transcended desire.
Uorin skillfully hid her emotions behind her words.
“The fact that you are incapacitated.”
The information brought by Cage Team B is already flowing in little by little to various parts of the world in the name of spying.
And the first place to encounter the intelligence was the temple.
Miro slapped Sirone on the forehead.
“As you can see, he is unconscious. That the taste is completely gone. I was wondering if you could wake up Sirone.”
Uorin crossed her legs reluctantly.
“Why should I? The role of Sirone is over when Mirone returns. It’s not a greeting that’s so important that you have to go through the trouble of returning it.”
Miro raised an eyebrow.
“Why are you like this, players? Shirone’s role is over, but “”” still exists, right? Sirone’s ability, you will need it, right?”
“There is a difference between needing and helping. I can take a sirone whenever I want.”
“Is it really so? No matter how hard you are, Armand’s chastity belt can’t be easily removed. This will never work out.”
Armand will not be released from Sirone until the price of the Valhalla action is fully paid.
After Miro’s confident response, Uorin finally decided that there was room for negotiation and broke her stubbornness.
“good. what’s the problem? If it doesn’t matter, I’ll stop. No matter what time it is, I just need to occupy Sirone.”
“Questions are resolved as the Queen likes, and Sirone is currently paying the price for the Valhalla action.”
“Valhalla action?”
Based on the information she heard from Gaold and others, Miro reported the situation Sirone was in.
It was fortunate that Flew knew the details of the Valhalla action mechanism.
After hearing the story, Uorin nodded.
“Surely, it deserves courage. It is the power of an angel. So Sirone can use both abilities?”
“The Valhalla action is installed on Armand. It won’t matter since you’re united with Sirone anyway, but it’s probably different for you.”
The reason why he gave Armand as a gift to Sirone was not only to clear the debt, but also to develop his skills even a little and inherit the ability at once.
That’s why it was unfortunate that the angel’s ability, which is listed as the highest level in Valkyrie, was attached to a mere weapon.
Uorin, who had put aside her regrets, asked.
“So, what exactly is the price to pay?”
Arius said.
“I did a dive and researched it, and it seems to be about 127 years old.”
“It far exceeds the average human lifespan.”
Since Sirone is now 19 years old, it was said that she could only wake up when she was 146 years old.
“that’s right. By then, everything will be over. But Ikael said that was the hint to get Sirone back.”
Having said that, Miro looked at Urin’s reaction.
If she was thinking the same as he was, she was sure to think of something.
“Hmm, that’s right.”
Uorin tilted her upper body and spread three fingers.
“I think there are three ways to get Sirone back.”
“Hoo?”
It was a higher number than expected.
“The fact that the Valhalla action has been triggered means that the law of causation has been established. But Sirone paid far more than the payment limit. That’s the point.”
Arius intervened.
“Payment is impossible, but it means payment has been made.”
“okay. It can be inferred because it is not something that can happen normally. In my opinion, Valhalla Action seems to have secured something from Sirone in the calculation of causality.”
“Collateral?”
“When I heard the description of Valhalla Action, the first thought that came to my mind was ‘unfair’. Of course, it must have been a conclusion drawn by feeding the uncertainty of the future with interest, but even so, it makes no sense to lend out the results of 127 years without collateral. So, in my opinion, it is not a matter of longevity.”
Arius said.
“It’s about time.”
“okay. It is impossible to extend the lifespan of a human being. But when it comes to time, the story is different. like… … .”
Uorin pointed to the maze.
“Like you.”
Miro pursed his lips and asked.
“20 years ago, exactly 19 years. You haven’t aged a bit since then. Why?”
“well? Am I too young?”
I said it like a joke, but my heart was different.
Uorin pointed out a possibility that had been floating around in her head ever since she heard Ikael’s hint.
“Of course, seekers like you might be able to sufficiently slow down biological activity through mental training. But for 20 years on the dimensional wall, you haven’t eaten or slept. How is that possible?”
Because I knew the answer would be that.
But the problem was, no one in the world knew how he came to know it.
“Maclein Guffin.”
Wu Lin said.
“Miro, the dimensional wall existed even before you. And that blocked Heaven’s forces. After that, Guffin disappeared and you were dropped. You are the successor to Guffin. It’s just that you can’t recall it because it’s been erased, but you must have met Guffin.”
Miro’s gaze shifted to Sirone.
“And what that Guffin passed on to me is also passed on to Sirone?”
Uorin raised her head and recalled.
“As I entered the third reset, the Great Purification, I had a question. Why did Ikael teach Ataraxia to Sirone? Also, why did Sirone’s incarnation from heaven have angel wings? And finally… … .”
Uorin glared at Arius.
“Why was Sirone’s mother’s mind equipped with the Guffin’s security device?”
“How can I… … .”
Arius was the only one who entered the depths of Sirone.
Also, he has never revealed this to anyone except Miro, whom he follows.
Miro said with a soft frown.
“I figured it out after the reset.”
“okay. Living through the great purification period, I will meet Arius and Kazura again. Arius, who failed to steal Ataraxia, was chased by a walker and escaped with apoptosis. Secretly extracted information at the time. remember? The sleep magic you used to put Sirone to sleep.”
Masters of sleep magic can cut a target’s consciousness like a knife and connect memories without even realizing they are asleep.
Recalling that time, Arius swallowed his silence, as if he could guess something.
If he had even observed the scene where he installed the door to Sirone, it would be safe to say that there was nothing she didn’t know.
Miro glared at Uorin with mischievous eyes.
‘This is annoying, Theraze.’
Sirone and Miro were very few cases throughout the world that were connected to the name of the Guffin.
But the problem is that Uorin will be the same.
‘I’m sure I know.’
There is no way that Theraje, who has experienced human history three times, does not have a sense of déjà vu about guffins.
He may be the only person among humans who can remember the appearance of a guffin.
but.
‘I will never tell you.’
It is a secret that only Theraze knows.
Until he opened his mouth, he would not be able to dig out the truth in any way.
Miro gave up and turned his attention to Sirone’s problem.
“Editorial is over, tell me first. Three ways to get Sirone back.”
“The first method is very simple and easy.”
Uorin raised a finger and said.
“Kill Sirone.”
“Hmm.”
Miro nodded his head in agreement.
“If you’re sure you have collateral, killing Sirone is the easiest solution. If that happens, anything will happen. If you’re lucky, you might die and come back to life.”
Miro, who had been resting his chin on it, raised his head in surprise.
“Is there such a case?”
“About three times in all of human history.”
“Extremely thin.”
“But it is the simplest way. Even if you die, it doesn’t really matter, right? It’s a pity for me too, but I don’t have much regret when I weigh it against the effort of waking it up again.”
“It doesn’t.”
It has the advantage of being able to see the solution most quickly, so killing Sirone and waiting for the results was also a good way.
“Shall we listen to the second one? It’s never too late to make a judgment then.”
“The second way is to make Sirone pay his debts himself. This has to do with collateral.”
“indeed. But how do you make a choice under a moratorium?”
“We will have to prepare a separate method for that. But if you can use the second method, the third method is better.”
“What about the third?”
“Have someone else pay the debt for you.”
“Oh my… … .”
“The cause and effect of the Valhalla action is definitely Sirone’s. However, the collateral linking that cause and effect is not Sirone’s. So, the collateral… … .”
Both women said at the same time.
“It can be transferred to someone.”
Uorin leaned on her chin and looked back at the wall.
“Eating out of the rules. object. Maybe you need both. Ability to circumvent the moratorium. The ability to extract and transfer magic. If you have these two functions, you might be able to wake Sirone.”
Miro, thinking of someone, pouted her lips.
“Um… … It is outside the rules.”
“You seem to have a guess.”
“Well, can’t you just look out for me?”
“I will cooperate, but I refuse to lean on you. Besides, the maze of the Adrias family wouldn’t be too far away, right?”
When Uorin questioned dubiously, Miro realized that she already had everything figured out, and licked her lips.
“You’re so mean.”
“Extract the collateral. I’ll find someone to hand it over to.”
“It’s 127 years. Can you clear it up?”
“If about 10 archmages divide it, we should be able to pay it back within a year. If that doesn’t work, we can hire 20 people.”
Miro laughed.
“Anyway, sincerity? Sometimes killing is the simplest way.”
“It is still the same. Hiring 20 archmages is okay, but it’s like throwing away their abilities. No matter how much I covet Sirone, I don’t think Sirone has that much value.”
“okay? But why?”
Uorin shrugged as if it didn’t matter.
“You are cute. I like this style.”
Miro’s eyes curved in a pretentious manner.
‘liar.’
She guessed why Uorin chose the third method over the easy one.
To find out what collateral Sirone has.
If the collateral was related to the Guffin, it would be cheap even with 20 archmages.
‘This is an unfinished treasure chest.’
Miro, who had organized his thoughts up to that point, stood up.
Then, Arius hurriedly wrapped Sirone in a black cloth and placed her on his back.
It was a busy time, so I couldn’t afford to delay.
“Then I’ll take care of the extraction. Prepare for the sheep.”
“Call me if you need anything. As long as it’s a contract, I’ll help you with anything.”
“Yes. I will.”
Miro happily waved his hand and left the room, followed by Arius carrying Sirone.
Outside the door, the leader of Fengzhang looked around the room for a while, checked on the master’s safety, and carefully closed the door.
At the same time, Uorin’s smiling face turned cold in an instant.
“Because the more debts you get rid of, the better.”
—————————————

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-525.txt
=============YYYYY=============
[525] Helper (1)
If a family is in the top 20 in the business world of Tormia Kingdom, it can be said that it has a top rank recognized on the continent.
For example, Dante’s Airhain family established a company called Airhain Shipping and built a transportation network that connects the continent as well as the South and the Middle East, accounting for 7% of the world’s cargo volume, and was the 14th largest business leader.
This may be the result of the military and political efforts of the kingdom of Tormia, which has maintained its position as a diplomatic neutral country for a long time, but among such families, there was one family that grew in a unique way.
It was the Ardino family that Miro was currently going to.
Unlike other families who live in splendid mansions in the city, I could feel their secret just by having their head family deep in the underground mountains surrounding the capital Baska to the north.
“It is quite deep.”
Arius, who was following Miro with Sirone on his back, spoke with his tongue out.
Armin and Kuan were carrying out other missions using their own organs, so Arius was the only one accompanying Miro.
“Because they weren’t originally from a merchant family.”
The more I felt that I was getting closer to my hometown, the more Miro’s expression got worse than before.
Miro was also a human being, so it was not a change in emotion that is often seen in the free-spirited Banya.
“Are you concerned? I am a little surprised.”
“The Ardino family has a different temperament from other merchant families.”
“I came across the seal of Ardino publishing house often while studying magic. Still, I think it’s great to be ranked 20th in the business world based on book sales alone.”
“It’s not just compilation. Being able to translate, proofread, and even revise private books other than official publications of the Society means that you have vast magical knowledge.”
“It’s fortunate for Sirone.”
Miro walked the mountain path again.
“okay. But that’s not what I meant when I said that my temper was different.”
Arius lifted his blinded eyes.
“The Ardino family is a branch from the Adrias family a long time ago.”
“As for Adrias… … .”
“It’s my family name.”
The Adrias family, which boasts a long history, has been known for its asceticism for generations.
Although they are nobles, they do not collect a penny of wealth, and the families live in the mountains with minimal water and food.
It was not strange that a genius named Miro emerged from such an environment.
What we seek is the ultimate stability that transcends desires and passions.
Their insight penetrates the principles of the world and transcends borders and races to teach without discrimination.
That’s why even in the kingdom, the Adrias family, which is not helpful at all in national activities, dares to go down to the title and nail down their belonging to their own country.
“Then one day, someone from my ancestors began to feel skeptical about the ascetic life.”
Arius, who enjoyed the pleasures of the world to his heart’s content as a 7 Magician, fully understood.
“I guess so. I don’t think I can live.”
“Of course, there was a unanimous vote against it in the family. Then, the ancestors left the family, made a new name, and permeated into society. That is the current Ardino family. Adrias built his wealth using his unique knowledge and insight, and is now a mega-top of the 20th rank in the business world. But in reality, most of their main income comes through the dark route.”
“If it’s the dark route… … ?”
“Magic. Because it is currently the most profitable business in the world and it is an area that no one can step into. After all, the publishing business is just a veneer.”
Arius realized why Miro’s expression was not good.
“In other words, those families are related. After all, the same blood flows.”
“It wasn’t particularly bad. Of course, public criticism fell on the Ardino family, but there was no particular friction between us. Worldly philosophy is also necessary for the world, and at that time, the Ardino family did not collect dark funds.”
“Are you saying it’s different now?”
Miro squinted one eye, tsk, and clicked his tongue.
“I only found out this time, but everything started to go wrong after I entered Istas and created a dimensional wall. When I talk about the 20 judges, most of them focus on me, but there was more going on outside of my eyes.”
“I guess so. Because it was an event that determined the existence of mankind.”
I just didn’t try to look back because it was less important than the maze, but the 20 judges were decided and the impact that spread throughout the world would have been enormous.
“The Adrias family saved mankind. When this proposition was established, relatively Ardino was bombarded with criticism. It is natural for the hooligans to talk, and there must have been serious business and political conflicts. A mistress who sold her soul for money. A fugitive who betrayed humanity. Well, I must have been under a lot of stress because of this and that. Then, eventually, he started dabbling in dark funds.”
“Maybe he resents Miro?”
“well. It’s because I’m seeing you for the first time in almost 20 years. Anyway, you’ll know when you go.”
After hiking for about 30 minutes, the two arrived at the Ardino family.
The building assimilated with nature was the only remaining evidence of Adrias’ temperament before branching out.
The iron gate was not maintained, so it was tangled with vines and was not even locked.
Miro walked to the dreary building and knocked hard on the iron handle of the wooden door.
Soon after, the door opened and a middle-aged man with an empty cowtail opened the door.
“what? Today’s reservation guest… … .”
The man who found the smiling maze turned pale as if he had seen a ghost.
“you… … you… … .”
“It’s been a while, Enrique oppa.”
Ardino Enrique.
He was the current head of the Ardino family and a cousin who often hung out with Miro when he was young.
“Miro, are you really Miro?”
Enrique’s eyes, unable to hide his surprise, suddenly calmed down.
“Yeah, I thought it might be like this one day. Was it faster than I expected?”
“It’s bullshit. A person who has no insight.”
Enrique smacked his lips.
“Yeah, I thought I was dead. After all, you are not old at all.”
“My brother got more hungry. Whoa, look at these flesh wobbling. What are you going to do with these?”
“This, this… … !”
Enrique’s blushing face, with his stomach fat caught, showed a glimpse of his youth, even for a moment.
However, as expected, years were years, and after a long absence, a sense of distance was evident in their eyes.
“Why are you here?”
“It’s sad. Is that something you would say to someone who has returned after 20 years?”
“It’s like that since I came back after 20 years.”
Despite the unspoken pressure to return, Miro rather kept her seat to the point where the other person was embarrassed.
Looking at her eyes, Enrique eventually turned to the house with a click on his tongue.
“Come in. Go eat some rice.”
After entering the mansion, Miro laughed at the scenery that hadn’t changed from 20 years ago.
“What is this? They said it was a huge rejection.”
“It is not easy. Not only the upper ranks, but now the kingdom is watching too. Now that Adrias is gone, it’s Ardino’s turn.”
The sadness lingered on Miro’s face for a moment, and then he left.
Enrique, who was lying fat on the old leather sofa, took out a cigarette and the lady-in-waiting served tea.
“I came because I have a business.”
“It’s a maze.”
Enrique nervously extinguished the cigarette he had only taken a sip of, and leaned forward.
“Can’t we just eat and go? Because it’s me, I’m talking to you like this. Everyone in the family hates you. Please, I beg you, just go.”
“But you’re the brother who goes there, aren’t you? The head of household says that, but who can say what?”
“ha.”
Enrique buried himself in the backrest as if tired.
“Yeah, you’ve been selfish since before. No matter how much I tried, you didn’t listen.”
“Still, it was fun because of me, right?”
Enrique, who had been lost in thought while looking up at the ceiling, burst out laughing.
“Okay, what’s your business?”
“Where is ‘Geumdong’? Is it vacation time now?”
Enrique raised an eyebrow.
“My son? Why is that child suddenly looking for him? He’s a mediocre guy who hasn’t even graduated yet.”
“I heard you. So I thought my aunt would give me some lessons.”
Miro smiled meaningfully while Enrique mumbled and thought.
Anyway, he is the head of the Ardino family.
There was no way that a person with great financial power and personal connections would not know that Miro had returned from heaven.
“I don’t know what happened, but my son is in a room on the second floor. It hasn’t come down at all since a few days ago.”
“I’ll come see you.”
As long as he understood the atmosphere of the Ardino family, he thought that there would be nothing good if he procrastinated.
As Miro led Arius up the stairs, he heard the sound of lighting a cigarette on the sofa.
“… … What are you going to do now?”
With the stairs ahead, the maze turned around.
The expression on Enrique’s face, who could not see it, but was exhaling cigarette smoke, was as serious as ever.
“Miro, you know now, right? No matter how strong you are, in the end the world will only use you.”
After a moment of hesitation, Enrique continued.
“Change your last name. Come on ardino. Then I will take responsibility and protect you.”
Miro turned away as if it wasn’t worth listening to.
“It’s what I chose.”
“Are you still rationalizing like that!”
Enrique jumped up.
“Honestly, I was surprised when you came to see me! I’m not surprised that you’re back! You should have looked into it! The entire Adrias clan has been purged! You broke the only promise you made!”
“It is also a family choice.”
Enrique beat his chest as if frustrated.
“How can you be so cruel? Do you really have no desire for revenge and no resentment towards the world? Since you saved humanity, our family is under pressure too! Do you know why? The world is afraid of us! They only used it to survive, but on the other hand, they are afraid that the second and third labyrinths will come out! That’s why the Adrias family disappeared, and that’s why our family went under the water!”
Enrique turned around the sofa and approached Miro.
“You shouldn’t expect too much from humans. It spits out all kinds of sweet words when it is needed, but when it is not needed, it becomes more cruel than any creature. Are you saying that the time you sacrificed for such people is not wasted?”
“Not worth it.”
Miro slowly raised his head and looked back at Enrique with a smile.
“Because that’s Adrias.”
Enrique was lethargic.
They were originally of the same blood, so how could they be so different?
“… … Don’t tell me to bake a meat pie. Come down when you’re done.”
It was Miro’s favorite food.
When Enrique turned around and disappeared into the living room, Miro climbed the stairs and entered a hallway that turned at right angles.
The hallway, with its wooden planks on the floor, smelled of antiques.
Recalling memories of the past, Miro arrived in the fourth room and smiled mischievously instead of knocking.
“Golden Dong! what are you doing?”
When I opened the door and entered, a tall, handsome man was washing experiment tools on a simple lab table.
He calmly turned his head to the appearance of an uninvited guest, but his eyes wavered the moment he saw Miro.
Miro, for the first time, realized the gap of 20 years when he did not exist.
“Hey, have you really grown up? do you remember me?”
“this… … Someone said it.”
The man who dumped the Erlenmeyer flask into the sink gave it a toast and gave it a beautiful smile.
“Long time no see, Auntie.”
It was Ardino Fermi, the first in Alpheas Magic School.
—————————————

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-526.txt
=============YYYYY=============
[526] Helper (2)
Fermi wasn’t too surprised.
Thinking that he was better than Enrique, Miro took Arius into the room.
“It’s disappointing. I’m on vacation in the middle of the day, but I’m shutting myself in doing the dishes. I was going to make fun of you if you were doing something weird.”
“Doing stuff like that while on vacation isn’t particularly constructive. Why did you come?”
Miro, who was sitting on the sofa, turned around.
“You really remember? I saw it when I was three years old. Geum-dong, gilt-dong, when called, he came running with a smile.”
“I have all the memories from when my brain was functioning.”
“Definitely resembles my mother. Your dad doesn’t even remember yesterday. Oh, then maybe bald… … .”
“ha.”
Fermi was getting annoyed.
“Just tell me the point. Why are you here?”
“Did you hear that I went to heaven and came back?”
“I don’t know.”
Thinking that it was probably true, Miro took off Sirone’s robe.
“Bad, how are you? Would that make you a little more interested?”
Fermi looked at Sirone’s sleeping face for a moment, then turned to Miro.
“It looks old.”
In the middle of the senior class competition, Sirone gave up on the evaluation, and I haven’t heard from him since.
“Sirone was also in heaven. We fought for the fate of the world. Don’t you want to hear what happened?”
Fermi leaned back on the sofa as if bored.
“I am not interested.”
“Don’t do that, listen. In heaven, there is a strange creature called Anchera… … .”
“anyway.”
Fermi stopped talking.
“Isn’t that something Adrias can do on her own?”
Miro pursed his lips and smiled apologetically.
“Whether the world ends or not, I don’t care what monsters live in other worlds. The same goes for Sirone. If I come back to school, I’ll step on it, and if I don’t come back, that’s okay.”
“okay? But why did he enter the Alpheas Magic School?”
“What do you want to say?”
An unusual madness filled Fermi’s eyes.
“It has nothing to do with you. The Adrias family is just a legacy of the ruined past.”
Before Fermi could speak, the Ardino family went through a lot of hardships, and 19 years later he became a regular outsider.
“I am sorry for the damage I caused. It’s true. But it was a choice I had to make.”
“Don’t get me wrong. I entered Alpheas to fulfill my personal goals. There are a lot of things that make money.”
Miro got his smile back.
“Then why don’t you try your best to achieve that goal this time?”
Like a cat hiding its claws, Fermi’s madness vanished within an instant.
It must have been Ardino’s unique temperament to change his attitude in front of money, but Miro couldn’t get rid of the thought that he was trying hard.
“I’m not the kind of person who refuses to trade. However, if the other person is an aunt, I think there will be a condition.”
“say it.”
Fermi pointed to the floor.
“If you kneel before me and plead for fault, think about it. First of all, since I am also from the Ardino family, I can’t arbitrarily trade, can I?”
“It’s easy.”
Miro was sincere.
“It’s not that hard to get down on your knees. If it’s Adrias’ bloodline, you can change your heart like flipping the palm of your hand. So I want to ask you something.”
“What?”
“Do you think there will be a difference between kneeling before you and killing you right here and now?”
“… … .”
There will be no difference.
The Adrias Miro he knows is a human being who is not bound by anything.
“haha!”
Fermi smiled broadly as if he had never done that.
“just joke. Could I have my aunt do that? But you will definitely get the price of the deal.”
“That’s all. Even after all this, I asked a very cool person as a sponsor.”
“It is nice to hear that. So let’s get started. What can I help you with?”
Miro told Uorin exactly what he had said, and even confided in Uorin’s conclusion.
“Hmm, it’s called collateral extraction.”
Like a brilliant genius, Fermi understood right away.
Also, I had a hunch that it would be a huge deal as much as the name of Miro and Theraze.
“I feel a little bit motivated.”
It was fortunate that Fermi was motivated.
In addition to Fermi’s ability, what Miro wanted was the vast magical knowledge possessed by the Ardino family.
“Can you extract Sirone’s magic?”
Instead of answering, Fermi raised his hand on the armrest.
Transactions in out-of-regulation-depreciation.
Chips of various colors and patterns fell under Fermi’s palm with a cheerful sound.
As the chips stood upright like a tower, he tossed the topmost chip into the air.
“Nice. What kind of magic is it?”
said Fermi, catching a falling chip.
“Summoning Magic Epoxy Tosca.”
“Ohh.”
Miro received the chip Fermi threw.
In a mottled two-tone pattern, an insect resembling a spider was drawn on the central decal.
“It is a large insect that lives in Lake Tuscany. It attaches itself to the human spinal cord, secretes hallucinogens and sucks blood. In a state of hallucination, only the truth is told, and when it is forcibly torn off, it pours out strong acid and self-destructs, so even the bones disappear within 48 hours.”
“Perfect for crime.”
“Yes. Of course, I bought it from Wangseong officials. The magic that the boss needs is at a premium, so I bought it at a high price.”
“Can you extract any magic?”
Miro threw the chip and Fermi caught it again.
“Basically. Eating out or stealing someone else’s magic follows complicated conditions or dangerous costs in the process of equivalent exchange. On the other hand, I don’t care about the conditions or the price.”
“Because it uses equivalent exchange itself as a tool.”
Fermi grinned like an idiot.
“Exactly. I am just a middleman who completes the rules, and when trading magic, the intentions of the seller and buyer must be reflected.”
Since the transfer side and the receiving side have already concluded an agreement, Fermi does not have any special conditions or fees.
“The medium that balances both sides is probably money. I roughly understood. So how do you measure the price?”
Fermi held out his left hand.
Regulations Excursion-Depreciation Transaction Agreement.
A piece of paper was implemented and caught.
“Price is based on the broker’s reasonable judgment in the circumstances. Of course, perjury is impossible. If you set a price that loses rationality… … .”
“Because eating out itself doesn’t activate.”
“That’s right. The beauty of this magic is that there are no conditions the broker has to fulfill. Ultimately, the decision is up to the parties. But there is a problem here too.”
“Are you talking about traders’ problems?”
“yes. For example, there are elements like ‘regret’ or ‘remorse’. Permanently transferring someone else’s magic entails a risk beyond its magical value.”
“That’s why depreciation was applied.”
“The conclusion we came to after much thought was that we had to create the possibility of ‘breaking the contract’. If we can go back to the way it was before the contract, customers’ anxiety will be lessened and the rule of eating out will be stronger.”
Fermi set the trading contract down on the table.
“If the value of magic A is 100 gold for a month’s rental, the depreciation is calculated according to the contract period. For example, if it’s 3 months, it’s 60 gold for the second month, 30 gold for the third month, and so on. It can be transferred, as well as destroyed, and extended.”
A smile appeared on Miro’s lips as he examined the contract.
Depreciation makes any transaction possible within reasonable limits.
“good. When that value is set, what’s left next?”
“We have to set a fee. I set a fee for all funds going in and out of my clients. Between 1 percent and 99 percent.”
“Ku-k-k-k-k.”
Miro lowered his head and burst into laughter.
The value of magic cannot be perjured, but Fermi can feed Fermi as much as he wants.
Of course it was natural.
Because there is no one who makes this type of eating out for the good of others.
In addition, by arbitrarily setting commissions, it was possible to induce a situation in which both sellers and buyers could swing.
“I knew it. To be honest, I tried to think that if it wasn’t this much, the Ardino family was finished. Now, shall we listen? How much is the value of the Valhalla action you judged?”
Fermi rested his chin and was lost in thought.
Perjury is impossible, and only the truly believed numbers should be put forward as values.
Judging that there was no further calculation, Fermi slowly opened his mouth.
“100 billion gold.”
Arius swallowed.
The other day, when I was going to steal Ataraxia and sell it to Zeon, I remembered that I was going to hand it over on the condition of standing in Theraje’s line in addition to 4 billion gold.
Of course, standing in Theraje’s line is much more valuable than 4 billion gold, and Fermi’s criteria for valuing are ‘according to the situation’, but even so, 100 billion gold was an amount I hadn’t even thought of. .
‘Well, from an expert’s point of view, that would be the case.’
It was Arius who thought that he should never do business even later, but Fermi’s barrel was much bigger than that.
“It is based on a three-year contract. 100 billion gold in year 1, 60 billion gold in year 2, 30 billion gold in year 3. If it’s a transaction worth about 200 billion gold, you can extract Valhalla action.”
Miro wasn’t particularly surprised.
It is quite understandable that the buyer, Theraze, would have handed out a blank check, and it was not the money going out of his wallet anyway.
“good. The fee is probably 99 percent?”
As if there was no need to ask, Fermi shrugged.
“Then we write the contract. Then, when the signatures of the seller and the buyer are received, the transaction is complete.”
“I can go and get Theraze’s autograph, but Sirone is currently in a moratorium, so I can’t sign it. Isn’t he supposed to just hold it in his hand and wiggle it around?”
“Of course it is.”
“Then how do I sign?”
Fermi blinked.
“Why are you asking me that? My aunt has to take care of it.”
“Golden Dong.”
Miro said with a smile.
“Couldn’t I have come here without finding a magic-extracting outsider? It’s a big deal, but you have to take responsibility until the end. If you’re a genius in the broker world, can’t you find a way out of this situation?”
Miro floated as if he was determined, but Fermi was still agitated.
“How do I know something that my aunt doesn’t know?”
“No, you know.”
“Why do you think so?”
“Because Sirone explained the transaction of depreciation even after hearing about the moratorium. Does that mean there is a way?”
“Don’t overdo it. That way of speaking doesn’t put any pressure on the merchant at all.”
“okay? Shall I speak in the manner of a merchant?”
Miro leaned back in the chair, arms crossed and legs crossed.
“At first, I wondered why they made such magic. If it’s to make money, isn’t the Ardino family’s financial power sufficient?”
“It’s a guess again.”
“Keep listening. After all, what you want is top-notch magic. In other words, to use magic with astronomical value. Then it becomes clear, why did you create this magic?”
Fermi then looked back at the maze.
“There is only one thing missing from what you described. The condition you have to accept to arbitrarily set the fee.”
Miro said with a winner’s smile.
“When a broker purchases chips for use, those funds must be paid for in fees accrued so far.”
‘Sir… … !’
A sixty-two letter appeared in Fermi’s head.
—————————————

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-527.txt
=============YYYYY=============
[527] Helper (3)
Transactions in off-regulation depreciation.
Fermi extracts magic from those who sell magic and offers it to those who buy magic in the form of chips and receives a fee for it.
Also, the price of magic is subject to depreciation, which is a constant decrease in value over time.
Basically, the buyer pays the seller and Fermi takes only a certain fee, so no capital is needed to operate the capacity.
However, if Fermi himself became a buyer and traded with a seller, there was a restriction, which was that he could only sign a contract with the profits he had earned from the transaction of depreciation.
Currently, the total amount of commissions Fermi has earned from eating out is approximately 600 million gold.
Of course, Fermi also had to constantly buy chips for school life and broker activities.
For example, the chip used to get a perfect score on all 20 items in the main skill test was called ‘Air Basics’, and it was purchased from a retired certified wizard and the price was about 10 million gold for a 3-month contract.
In this way, the funds currently available for management are about 300 million gold, which is half of the net profit, but it was far short of the amount Fermi was seeking.
In such a situation, a transaction came in that could earn 600 times more money than the operating funds earned so far.
Fermi, who doesn’t show emotion often, had no choice but to lose to Miro this time.
“I extract magic safely with depreciation. And with the proceeds from it, the magic is strengthened. Depending on how you use it, it’s a very effective ability. The only problem is the fee. I don’t know how much you’ve earned so far, or what kind of magic you’ve developed to buy these abilities, but if you’re still not graduating from school, that means you haven’t reached your goal.”
Fermi’s eyes went cold.
“But I proposed a deal worth 190 billion gold. Even with 99% commission. In other words, 188.1 billion gold will be in your hands in 3 years. Are you really going to miss the chance to buy something different from the magic you’ve bought so far?”
“ha ha ha! Ha ha ha ha ha!”
Fermi shook his head and smiled.
Even the maze did not know the emotion contained in the smile.
Suddenly, the sound stopped, and Fermi said with a smile on his face.
“answer. After all, you can’t lie to your aunt.”
“of course. So it’s better not to play trivial tricks. Again, the reason I came to you is not because of magic extraction. If there is no way to lift Sirone’s moratorium, you have no choice but to find another regular outsider. Of course, 190 billion gold is floating in the air.”
“Okay, I got it. I understand, so listen.”
Having said that, his mouth did not open for a long time.
Fermi, who was hunched over and leaning on his chin, confessed in passing words.
“There is no way, not at all.”
“I knew it would. What?”
Fermi scratched his head with a troubled expression.
“But it is extremely difficult. I tried to pretend I didn’t know, not because I wanted to gain something more, but because I didn’t even have to think about it. Dangerous aside, it’s very inefficient.”
“Hearing words like that makes Adrias’ blood boil.”
“Sometimes magic moneylenders try. Most of the time when the person is dead. In that case, there is only one option left.”
Fermi snatched the contract from the table and pointed to the signature line.
“Forge a sign.”
“aha.”
Miro let out a soulless exclamation.
“But how? If it’s a magical contract, the target’s will must enter, right?”
“So we need an illegal method. If the current incarnation of Sirone is in a moratorium, we’re going to have the replica of the incarnation sign it.”
“How do you duplicate an incarnation? Even if it’s eating out, it’s something you can’t do when the incarnation of Sirone is asleep.”
“It is not a copy. It’s already copied ‘somewhere’.”
Arius suddenly raised his head.
“no way?”
Miro looked back at Arius.
“Do you know?”
“It is the same principle that I discovered Miro’s trauma in Dremo. The human mind flows into Dremo through dreams. Then what happens to the mind of the dead?”
Miro blinked.
“Since the mind of the deceased is no longer capable of productive activity, it fragments and combines with other information. In the process, the remnants of information that cannot be combined are deposited in the lowest layer. Mental wizards call this information ‘minority conception’.”
Fermi continued.
“Minority conception is unnecessary information to construct the world. It’s so common that it doesn’t even need to be combined with other information, it’s so individual that it’s isolated, it’s so bizarre that it’s ostracized, it’s all here. The world created by depositing this information at the bottom is called ‘The Abyss’.”
Arius answered.
“So it’s serious. Information does not have meaning independently and is combined with numerous information. For example, if only ‘apple’ exists, I don’t know what it is. ‘Red’, ‘fruit’, ‘tree’, ‘sunshine’ and so on refer to each other, and finally we can know what an ‘apple’ is. On the other hand, minority concepts are those excluded from this union. Because most of the information that makes up this world rejects it. Things like ‘murder’ and ‘torture’ are accepted by the world at least, but information below that is the exclusive property of a few.”
“The combination of such information is called The Abyss.”
“yes. Of course, any information in this world will eventually become a minority concept. Over time, information entropy decreases, and new information takes its place. Therefore, the Abyss is like a tomb where information in this world reaches its end.”
Information is all the ingredients that make up this world.
Therefore, Miro could clearly understand what it means to be the final destination of information.
“Is this the last future that this world can reach?”
Arius nodded.
“Apocalypse. Simply put, it is a fictional world that is embodying the end of the world.”
Fermi added.
“When the present changes, the Abyss also changes. But the fact that it is an apocalyptic world remains unchanged. It is a combination of discarded information.”
“And there… … You mean that information about Sirone might be sunk?”
Fermi went back to square one.
“it’s possible. The reason why the Abyss is called hell is that the information of the dead is also accumulated there as a minority concept. However, in the case of a moratorium like Sirone, it is unknown what part was caught as a minority concept. It may be intact, but it may also be significantly damaged.”
“If we restore that information and conclude a contract, will it have the same effect as the one signed by the real Sirone?”
“It is possible if it is properly restored. After all, it’s information no different from the real Sirone.”
Arius was skeptical.
“But how? As productive information, even if we enter Dremo, we will not fall into The Abyss. If you want to go, you have no choice but to die or destroy your mind through severe shock. But then I wouldn’t be able to carry out the operation.”
Fermi gave a meaningful smile.
“I can go, unharmed.”
Miro and Arius looked back at him at the same time.
“You can go? how?”
“Information that goes into Drimo is combined with other information. The pattern of entangled combinations of extreme numbers is infinite. But even odd by human standards, the information is perfectly intertwined to form a vast world. And only the information rejected from there bounces outside of Dremo and accumulates in The Abyss. thus… … .”
Fermi’s conclusion was simple.
“We can bounce off too. It’s going outside of Dremo. The people who play on this floor call the area this. <The Undercoder>.”
It was the first word that even maze said.
“Those who deal with minority concepts are extremely closed. Reality doesn’t matter to them. Even aunts may be unfamiliar with it because they create and play in their own world in Under Coder. You will probably be surprised when you visit. There are a lot of really interesting worlds.”
“In a word, perversion. Well, I won’t bother asking about your taste. Then how do I get into <Under Coder>?”
“I can’t tell you yet. It’s useless to go to The Abyss now. To restore Sirone’s incarnation, it takes those with whom he shares a close bond. But we… … Isn’t it?”
“Hmm, then how about asking your friends at the magic school?”
Fermi held out his hand.
“That doesn’t work. School is my lifeline. Find someone who has a close relationship with Sirone outside of the magic school. They must also have some level of ability to carry out their duties. These are the two conditions I propose.”
“Is it time for you to set conditions? Do you want to earn money?”
Fermi also shook his head without bending this time.
The fact that the school could not be yielded even before a transaction of 190 billion gold was telling us that Fermi’s final goal was not simply money.
However, since it was important to wake Sirone right away, it was useless to argue now.
‘Anyway, if you want to bypass the moratorium, you’ll have no choice but to get Fermi’s help.’
At that time, the lady-in-waiting called from outside the door.
“Brother, the meal is ready.”
Fermi got up from his seat.
“Let’s eat first. We can spend today here and leave tomorrow morning. In the meantime, I will finish preparing to go to <Under Coder>.”
“The deal is done.”
When I went down to the first floor, the smell of meat pies was overwhelming.
It was a doner coated with tomato sauce, topped with bacon and vegetables, then sprinkled with cheese and baked in the oven.
Miro opened his mouth wide and took a piece of the cheese-strewn pie, then put on an ecstatic expression.
“Oh, it is so delicious. How hard was it to want to eat this?”
“If anyone sees it, they’ll think they’ve starved for a few days.”
At Enrique’s words, Miro spread two fingers.
“20 years.”
While imprisoned in the dimensional wall, he was completely free from physiological phenomena, but when he returned to the world, his metabolism returned to its original place.
An unknown secret given by Guffin.
Also, this must have been the reason Sirone was able to borrow the results of 127 years.
‘Writing a forged contract. To find out what Sirone’s collateral is.’
In order to resolve these two issues, it was necessary to bring in someone who had a deep connection with Sirone.
‘I must go to Kashan. I have to get an autograph anyway.’
Enrique asked openly.
“So, when are you going to leave this house?”
Miro was lost in thought and didn’t answer, so Fermi spoke instead.
“I will be visiting often for the time being. I have something to discuss. Right, aunt?”
“huh? Oh, yes. I’m going to teach you a little bit because you don’t graduate and seem to be fooling around.”
“I look forward to it. To learn from the world’s best wizard.”
Enrique looked at the two suspiciously.
Keeping quiet even to your family means that some kind of deal has already been exchanged.
Also, given that the trade partner was a maze, it was clear that he was caught up in something beyond common sense.
‘After torturing me like that, now they bring their children in?’
Enrique sighed and resigned himself.
I went through a lot of ridiculous things while getting entangled with the maze, but on the other hand, I had never felt that much fun in my life.
‘Okay, let’s leave it alone. Could it be that I will drag you to hell?’
It was a very friendly dining spot.
—————————————

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-528.txt
=============YYYYY=============
[528] Helper (4)
Northern Eymond Republic.
The Republic of North Eymond, ruled by the iron man Igor, is famous for its reign of terror.
The society is extremely closed, the people are belligerent, and because of the propensity to commit suicide attacks in matters directly related to their own interests, they can be said to be troublemakers in the world that cannot be easily occupied even by powerful countries.
They have a strong legal means of cutting off their wrists if they steal, but the crime continues.
In the Republic itself, it is not uncommon to see even street children wearing small knives, as the people’s first requirement is fighting power.
Dormica, the only port city allowed to be opened to other countries, was a time bomb in the West Continent where all kinds of war weapons were traded.
Mercenaries, pirates, and ex-soldiers have settled here, and security is not known.
The reason why even Igor’s powerful power cannot sweep away the forces of darkness is that the security forces are no different from other forces.
They usually receive money on the condition that they allow other organizations to trade arms, and in some cases, large-scale wars between the security forces and other organizations take place.
Most of the trade ships entering the port were loaded with weapons, and tourists could not be seen even after washing their eyes.
So it was only natural that everyone’s eyes would be focused on a blue-haired woman who had just landed at the port.
“Hey, this is North Eymond.”
Miro was a tourist no matter who saw it.
Her long hair was braided and wrapped like a scarf, and she wore light makeup.
She was dressed in accessories perfect for targeting, wore a long sweater with sleeves that fell below her wrists, and the skirt was short enough to expose her thighs, giving her a lively impression overall.
In Dormica, the only women dressed like this would be idiots who sold their bodies or sold their minds.
“Whee! Miss, do you have any guts? Are you saying that if you go around exposing your skin like that in a place full of hungry wolves, you want to be eaten?”
Workers who work to deliver fish approached.
The waterproof overalls smelled fishy, and he had a bunch of kitchen knives hanging from his belt.
The bald man hugged Miro by the shoulders and pressed his face closer.
“How about playing with us? I know some really awesome fun places.”
“Oh, I was just looking for a similar place. Where is it?”
“Where are you? right here.”
The man brought Miro’s hand to his groin.
“Puhaha! how is it? Do you look like a blue whale? I will never catch a fish once… … Aaaaagh!”
The man’s eyes widened as if they were going to pop out, then he grabbed him and knelt down.
“My, my… … !”
The workers, who had been staring blankly at her unable to speak in pain, took out kitchen knives and surrounded the maze.
“Is this crazy! do you know who we are If you catch James fish by mistake, you’ll be eating fish that day!”
Miro wiped his hands on his clothes as if they were stained with dirt and held them out.
“Ah, done. Do you guys know where the Ostoth Tavern is?”
The steps of the men who were approaching as if they were going to strike at any moment stopped abruptly.
The Ostos Tavern was one of the three forces that enforced its own laws in the lawless area of Dormica.
“what is your identity? If you’re trying to figure out how to get out of here, don’t leave it to your imagination what you’re going to do right here.”
Sometimes that is the case.
The fact that those who had no money and no strength mentioned the Ostoth bar to save their lives.
It was to use the rule established there, ‘no attack on outsiders’.
“Because I don’t know the geography of this place. They say it’s at the Ostoth Bar.”
As the maze approached, looking left and right without showing the slightest sign of fear, the worker also felt the need to check.
“Who are you looking for there?”
Miro, who was looking around the mall, turned around and smiled.
“The Fallen Virgin.”
Miro arrived in front of the Ostos pub by following the road he had heard from the worker, and looked up at the 4-story building.
The first and second floors were taverns, the third floor was an accommodation, and the fourth floor was a gambling hall.
However, the place Miro was heading to was a place not open to the general public but known to everyone, deep underground in the Ostos pub.
When I went down to the second basement floor, there were two prosecutors guarding the large door.
I felt the energy of vigilance on the ground, but from here on, the temperament of living was different.
“Hmm, as expected, you’re resourceful.”
If it is enough to have a prosecutor of this level as a gatekeeper, it is safe to say that the almost ruined organization has been raised to a level comparable to its heyday.
Above all, it gave me more confidence in that it was an achievement achieved in just one year.
“What are you? Who let you in?”
“Have you ever let anyone in?”
The gatekeepers turned to each other and immediately drew their swords.
“Reveal your identity. This is not a place where puns work.”
“oh? I am real.”
After striding forward, Miro held out both hands in front of the gatekeeper.
Banya’s Quan Yin field rushed in like the wind, pushing away the gatekeeper and knocking the door open.
About 10 people were randomly scattered in a 40-pyeong room, doing their own chores.
The room surrounded by stone walls was gloomy like an underground tomb, but the most impressive thing was that none of them were shaken by the appearance of uninvited guests.
The three men sitting at the table, smoking and playing cards, didn’t even look to the door.
“Keugh! It’s a raid.”
The gatekeeper crawled in belatedly and called out, but there was still no response.
A man lying in a hammock blowing on a bottle of alcohol burped and turned his head.
“I know, child. We have brains too! Who is the guest this time? Snide, is that you?”
A tall man with a thick cigar said as he pulled out a deck of cards.
“I don’t know. There aren’t any girls around here who look like that.”
A moment of silence ensued.
The man lying in the hammock exclaimed in annoyance.
“Oh really! Anyone step in and do something! It’s an attack!”
“Then you can do it.”
“Puhahaha!”
Miro just watched as the executives played separately.
At that moment, a woman’s voice was heard from behind the large man.
“Okay, who are you?”
When the man opened his eyes, he saw a woman with bobbed hair resembling a cat sitting at a table and bouncing an abacus.
Standing beside him was a pale man with no eyebrows, expressionless enough to make him look like a wax figure.
“Are you the Fallen Mother?”
“Some idiots call it that. But who are you?”
Miro groaned and moved on.
“I thought I had come to my senses after being treated like that at Galliant. I still haven’t escaped the thieves.”
Clap! Clap!
The moment the words ended, everyone in the room aimed their weapons at the maze.
The action was so swift that it felt as if two pictures had been swapped in an instant.
Miro glanced to the right.
Suddenly, a man without eyebrows approached and held a gun equipped with magic bullets to his temple.
“This is your last chance. Reveal your identity.”
“well. Who is it?”
The woman spoke at the same time as her finger on the magic bullet’s trigger was bent.
“Stop it, Freeman.”
The maze gave it a passing grade.
If you can’t even measure the opponent’s ability, you don’t even deserve to enter the Abyss.
“Does the fact that you bring up the word Galliant mean that you know who I am?”
“of course. The leader of the parrot thieves, Clay Marsha.”
The leader of the bandits who were defeated after a fierce battle with Sirone and the others on Galliant Island the other day.
According to Theraje’s intelligence, he is an excellent scammer and an outsider.
He used the ability to extract other people’s magic due to the trauma of his adoptive father, but it was possible that he was replaced with another ability due to ‘catharsis’ from Sirone.
After putting away the papers, Marsha turned to the maze and crossed her legs.
He pulled out a long smoking pipe, put it in his mouth, and Freeman quickly returned and lit it.
“Yes, I am Clay Marsha. Then, did you think that even an angel with wings could sit there?”
“Oh, Sirone will be sad to hear it.”
At the word sirone, Marsha’s eyebrows moved subtly, but she asked again for the smoking pipe with a calm expression.
“Oh, that kid? I don’t know how you know Sirone, but the reality isn’t that easy. What I learned is stealing.”
Some strength can be demonstrated by letting go of something precious.
Realizing that she was a formidable woman, Miro went straight to the point.
“Sirone has a little problem. If you come, I think it will be of great help in solving the problem.”
Marsha didn’t even show signs of worrying.
“sorry. I’m busy these days. Find someone else.”
“Actually, it is a very serious matter. Maybe I’ll never wake up.”
Even without knowing everything, Marsha was drawn in her eyes.
Perhaps this time, he would have thrown everything for someone other than himself.
“It’s hard. But, as you probably already guessed, sirone is not my taste.”
He left Galliant and wandered around the world, growing his power.
He placed powerful subordinates under his command, settled in the port city of North Eymond, and fought fiercely while gradually forgetting the memory of Sirone.
“good. I’m in the wrong place. Sorry for taking up your busy time.”
Miro, who turned around without regret, patted the gatekeeper on the shoulder, who was grinding his teeth, and left the door.
Fermi wanted someone who had a deep emotional connection with Sirone, and Marsha, who experienced ‘catharsis’, was the first target, but if he had already left his heart, there was no need to waste any more time.
“for a moment.”
At Marsha’s call, Miro turned around again.
“Why me? If it’s enough for a master like you to go around looking for helpers, there won’t be many without me, right?”
“well. I don’t know too much about that… … .”
Miro shrugged.
“Isn’t it because Sirone hugged her with her heart?”
“… … .”
Marsha narrowly opened her eyes and let out a long puff of smoke.
“Everyone is out.”
All the executives passed through the maze like a waterway and disappeared out the door in an instant.
* * *
A restaurant in the kingdom of Baiden.
Leaving Raffne Village and finally arriving at a place that could be called a city, Lian was madly chewing meat as if to compensate for his hunger.
Despite his strong body and the great sword on his back, his voracious appetite caught the attention of the people in the restaurant at a glance.
“Mister, give me another steak!”
The restaurant owner grilled the meat and placed it in front of Lian with a terrified expression.
It’s already the fourth steak.
Looking at his outfit, he never seemed to have a lot of money, but the aura he exuded was seriously heavy, and he was suffering only inwardly.
“Hey, there, guest.”
“yes?”
“I’m sorry, I’m really sorry… … .”
The restaurant owner was almost in tears.
“Will you give me the money?”
Lian, who was staring at it with a blink of an eye, finally realized it and put the tableware down.
“Oh, sorry. It’s the way it’s going, so you might be suspicious. I’ll pay you in advance.”
When Lian robbed him of his travel expenses and paid for it, the owner finally looked relieved.
He mustered up the courage to ask if the guest’s favor had relieved his tension.
“But maybe… … Isn’t your guest the famous Macha knight?”
“A knight of Macha?”
Ramdas’s squire quickly spread rumors about Lian, but Lian, who had just arrived in the city, was a stranger.
Above all, he did not even know the name of Ramdas, the opponent he had cut down.
“Yes, Mach’s knight. Rumor has it that he is as big as a guest and possesses the strength to wield an enormous sword with one hand.”
“Hmm.”
Ryan thought for a moment and then waved his hand.
“I am just an unknown prosecutor. Macha’s knight seems to be someone else.”
Some of the guests grumbled annoyedly when Lian was honest.
Rumors tend to be exaggerated, but after seeing Lian’s prayers, he was on his own.
“Sheesh, what is it? Wasn’t it fake?”
“I know. Confusingly, he wears a greatsword. I mean, that’s ridiculously big. I don’t think I can even swing it.”
“Are there only one or two people like that on this floor? When someone raises their reputation, you and I impersonate each other and get a free ride.”
“Still, how do I follow Mach’s knight? They say that he single-handedly cut down an entire group of bandits that numbered over 100.”
Amidst all the talk, Lian’s whole mind was only focused on food.
Just then, the restaurant door burst open and a furry man a head taller than Rian entered.
On his back he wore a huge sword with saw blades on both sides.
“Hey, where is the owner of this restaurant? Serve the highest quality steak and alcohol to the knights of Maha.”
“Eh, Mach’s knight?”
All eyes were focused.
Rian also watched the man while chewing the meat, as he had heard it now.
‘That person is a knight of Maha. It’s definitely oversized. Did you learn a swordsmanship similar to mine?’
Satisfied with everyone’s attention, the man raised his chin arrogantly and pointed at himself.
“Yes, this body is the future great swordsman who cut down all the Red Spear bandits, the knight of Macha!”
“Pooh!”
Everything he was chewing on ran out of Ryan’s mouth.
—————————————

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-529.txt
=============YYYYY=============
[529] Helper (5)
People in the restaurant turned to Lian.
The hottest topic in the neighborhood was Macha’s knight, so it’s no wonder that he was surprised, but it was because he intuited something from the great sword Lian was wearing or the characteristics of his blue hair.
“Could it be that they are both impersonators? Or maybe one side is real.”
It wasn’t too far from Raffne Village, so it wasn’t outrageous that there was a real one among them.
“But that young man himself said, he is not a knight of Macha.”
The man who claimed to be a knight of Macha was embarrassed when people’s reactions were lukewarm unlike usual.
Then, realizing that the cause was a young man with luckily blue hair who was wearing a greatsword, he approached.
“Hey, you. Is it funny that I’m a knight of Mach? Why are you spitting out what you ate and making a mess?”
“A knight of Macha?”
When Rian asked, the man raised his voice and shouted as if this was an opportunity.
“Yes, I am Rian, the Rising Divine, Knight of Mach!”
‘Something like that.’
Rian also knew how prevalent fake names could be as she wandered the world.
Of course, I didn’t even imagine that someone would impersonate his name, which is only anonymous.
“You are Lian. Then what’s your last name?”
Rumors abounded, but Macha’s knight’s family was hidden behind a veil, so people’s eyes shone with curiosity.
“Do you want to know that? good night! I’ll give you a special light today! I’m Ryan of the Ryan family! It’s Ryan Lian!”
One of the guests pretended to know.
“It was too. Well, at least Ryan deserves the title of Mach’s knight.”
The Ryan family is one of the 7 sects called the 7 swords of the Kingdom of Baiden, and was characterized by exciting swordsmanship like the Ogent family.
‘It’s the Ryan family… … .’
Ryan put down the tableware and stood up.
There was no way a swordsman from such a great family would pretend to be someone else’s name, but even if it were true, it was unacceptable for someone else to use one of the names that represented the family.
“You are not Ryan. The swordsman named Lian is nineteen years old with blue hair, and uses a straight sword rather than a saw blade. And the last name is Ogent. One of the oldest swordsmanship families in Tormia Kingdom.”
When Lian made a strange noise, the man staggered.
‘What is this bastard?’
His real name is Alf.
A member of a bandit group, he was betrayed by his subordinates while leading a small mountain village, and dreamed of gaining fame by training as a knight.
“Stop talking nonsense! Do you think you will be deceived if you mention the name of another country? And how do you know that?”
Rian approached, scratching the blue-haired head.
“Because I am Lian.”
“haha! Are you Ryan? what? Ryan!”
Alf’s eyes widened.
“Yes, Lian. I don’t know if it’s Macha’s knight or what, but I’m Lian anyway. So, if you want to get your name known, either fight it yourself or find out someone else’s name.”
Cold sweat flowed down the back of Alf, who never knew he would meet the real person in a place like this.
‘No, I’m not sure yet. I go around cheating too, so what’s not to say that this guy isn’t a cheater? All you have to do is dye your hair, and that sword… … .’
Alf couldn’t lie to the true value of <Idea> because he had been wielding a sword in his own way.
It intuitively felt the ideality of the objet, which had no brilliance in its rough form, but could not have even a small scratch, let alone teeth.
“Hey guys, so who is the real Lian?”
“Aren’t they both fake? That would be really funny! Fuhahaha!”
The situation in which they both claimed to be Lian was ridiculous regardless of whether it was true or not, and the atmosphere in the restaurant turned into a circus.
‘Damn it… … .’
It could be the same impostor, but it could also be real, and more than anything, I felt like this guy was real.
‘Do not be ridiculous. Give up here?’
The events of the past few days passed in Alf’s mind like a kaleidoscope.
The rising god of swordsmanship, Macha Knight Lian.
The awe-inspiring gazes from people he hadn’t received when he was a mere bandit, the unknown swordsmen who came to him with all their might to build friendships, and especially the hospitality in the entertainment district were the best.
‘How did I come up here?’
The fact that I realized while living as a knight of Mach is that in the end, the world is all about name value.
It was the logic of the world that a person with the same skill but with a reputation would teach his subordinates in a safe place, and an unknown swordsman would be decapitated by a general’s sword while wandering around the battlefield.
“shut up! I am Mach’s knight! I am Lian!”
Alf decided to risk the adventure of a lifetime.
Here, you will defeat the blue kid and become a true Mach knight.
“calm down. I’m not trying to fight you. You don’t even have to apologize. I’m just going to go back like this and tell you not to use the name Lian from now on. Isn’t that the end?”
Alf couldn’t accept it.
When it comes out like this, doesn’t it seem as if the real and the fake have been decided?
“no! I’m real! If you want to use the name Ryan, you’ll have to kill me. Why are you not confident? Avoiding a fight must be proof that you are fake!”
A few people nodded their heads proudly.
They had their own reasons, and they regretted trying to finish with words what could have been done with fists.
200 meters away from the restaurant where Ryan is.
Miro was eating spicy chicken skewers, a specialty of Weiden, at a stall selling local produce.
Every time she crossed the border several times, her outfit was also evolving.
Her braided hair was pulled up like a sheep, revealing her entire neckline, and she was wearing a robe much larger than her body size, with red letters written on both arms.
“Oh wow, it’s spicy. But this is really delicious.”
“… … Where the hell did you come from?”
It was a strange outfit to the owner of the stall, but I just thought it was strange because of his outstanding appearance.
“I went all over the place. Oh, give me one more.”
The stall owner handed over freshly grilled chicken skewers.
“Eat slowly. If you eat too much, you might feel sick to your stomach.”
“are you okay. I even ate snakes in the desert.”
“It’s a fight! It’s a fight in the restaurant alley!”
Then a man ran behind the maze and shouted.
“The knight of Mach has appeared! Gather quickly before you miss a good viewing!”
The owner of the stall looked at the crowd and said,
“Awesome. Mach’s knight came here. If it’s not the store, I’m going to look around.”
“You know, too, the knight of Macha?”
“Everyone knows. Wasn’t he the swordsman who not only destroyed the gang of bandits but also defeated Ramdas? Rumors have already spread to the capital of Weiden. What’s his name, like Lian?”
“Hmm.”
Turning her head toward the restaurant alley, Miro put the remaining half of the chicken skewers in her mouth at once and munched.
“Swing there! I’ll scrape it off with a saw blade! Ai, in that case, you should wrestle! Close the gap!”
When Miro arrived in front of the restaurant, an arena had already been built out of crowds.
When the guards arrived, they disbanded on their own, so they seemed to be enjoying the moment by burning their souls.
When I squeezed in and looked at it, the aspect of the battle was quite bizarre.
While the hairy giant wielded a vicious weapon, the blue-haired young man showed no will to fight back even with a sword.
“Hey, what are you doing! fight! Are you scared? If this happens, the saw blade greatsword will be confirmed as Lian!”
The onlookers tried to provoke them, but Lian refused to listen.
While destroying the Red Spear Bandits, Shimma completely disappeared, and only you could decide whether to cut or not.
‘Why are you so eager to fight? Do I even need to use a sword for something like this?’
Until now, Lian had been able to wield a sword without hesitation against people who aimed at him, but he did not become a particularly good person.
‘It doesn’t seem like they’re fighting.’
that’s the key.
It was because he did not feel any threat from the sword his opponent wielded.
‘It’s changed since I killed 100 people.’
I can afford to not be nervous, so I can see properly.
‘You’ve become stronger.’
Lian, who finally realized his change, tasted a brief bliss even at the moment of battle.
“You bastard!”
Alf, feeling that as a mockery, charged forward raising his serrated greatsword into the sky.
When Lian, who had been thinking about something else, came to his senses, the saw blade was already 30 centimeters in front.
If it had been before, his heart would have been pounding, but now Lian was seeing it properly.
‘It’s still okay. There is about a span of margin.’
Lian, whose inertia had been denied, twisted his upper body as if bouncing, and bang! And the serrated greatsword struck the ground.
“what? Wasn’t that just weird?”
The onlookers murmured.
It was because the moment Lian dodged the attack, he felt as if the scenery around him was distorted.
Miro’s eyes twinkled.
‘It’s a yaksha.’
With that, the judgment was over.
“You child… … !”
Alf bared his teeth like a wolf, but his legs were slowly drawing back.
Axing, which changes the laws of the body, betrays the future situation that humans expect through learning.
The sense of distance caused the illusion of the eyes, but people who didn’t know couldn’t help but feel possessed by magic.
“I found it, Lian.”
At that time, when Miro entered the confrontation area, Alf frowned and said in displeasure.
“What are you? If you want to go out with the knight of Macha, come later. The confrontation is not over yet.”
“No, it’s over. I’ll tell you who’s pretending.”
“what? As little as four… … .”
I said so, but I was secretly looking forward to it, so I couldn’t stop it openly.
Anyway, if it’s a half-and-half chance, isn’t it possible to point to yourself?
But unlike the wind, Miro pointed at Alf’s face as if he didn’t even have to think.
“You are the fake.”
As much as he was stabbed by his conscience, Alf went into a rage.
“what! Stop talking nonsense! Do you have any proof that I’m fake?”
“Of course it is. From what I heard, the knight of Macha destroyed the bandits to save the threatened woman. There’s no way that such a wonderful person could have looked like you, right? So you are not No, it shouldn’t be you.”
Reason disappeared from Alf’s eyes.
“You damn girl!”
And the moment the serrated greatsword was thrust down vertically, Lian hugged Miro and swung the sword.
“Oh my goodness.”
bang! As the swords of the two swords collided for the first time, Alf was stunned by the strength beyond common sense.
“crazy… … !”
To bounce a greatsword down with two hands with one hand.
“Are you okay?”
Rian looked back at the maze and asked.
“Yes, Thanks. As expected, the knight of Macha is kind.”
“Go outside. For a third party to enter the venue of the showdown is to damage the reputation of the prosecutor.”
The smile of Miro, who pretended to be a young lady, disappeared.
“You are Sirone’s friend Lian. You must go with me now.”
Ryan’s face turned pale as if he had been struck by lightning.
“Do you know Sirone? What happened?”
“I need your help. Are you going or not?”
As if there was no need to worry, Lian mounted a greatsword behind his back and announced that he was ready to leave.
“I will go. Where are you now?”
‘Phew, it’s much easier than Marsha.’
Even now, thinking about the conversation I had with the suspicious Marsha all day long under the guise of interrogation made my bones tingle.
“This damn girl is ignoring me!”
Alf aimed for Miro’s back and charged.
He was the leader of a gang of bandits, so he wasn’t the type to discriminate between a child and a girl if he was wrong.
“I’ll sharpen your face with a saw!”
Miro’s eyes, which felt alive, cooled coldly.
The moment she gently pushed Lian’s chest away and turned around, a figure of Kannon appeared in her halo.
As the relativity of time activates as if separated from the world, Alf has a strange experience.
In the scale wizard’s thoughts, time and space were split to the limit, and the palms were coming down like a fan, following the trajectory of the arm’s movement.
The serrated greatsword engaged Miro’s palms precisely, and then countless Kannon’s palms pushed in succession, compressing the power.
Deed deed deed!
Just by squeezing it from both sides, the thick blade swayed like rubber, and the iron handle shattered like glass, spreading a shockwave.
“Aww!”
Alf, who collapsed with a scream, looked blank when he noticed the smoke rising from between Miro’s palms.
As she untied her palms, the red-hot iron plate in the shape of a palm fell with a snapping sound.
“This, this… … .”
It was in a completely compressed state like a thin film, and the iron that had escaped the heat was burning black.
Rian lightly shook his hands and looked at the approaching maze with an absurd expression.
“What the hell are you… … .”
Miro smiled and pushed Lian’s back as if he had never done that before.
“let’s go. I’ll explain as I go.”
Thus, the final puzzle for the journey to hell was completed.
—————————————

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-53.txt
=============YYYYY=============
[53] Overflow (3)
“Hahaha! Latest issue of picture book!”How long have I been waiting for today?”
Please enable JavaScript
Shirone’s face flamed up as he glanced back at the picture book.From the cover, it was far from a masterpiece.The female’s nudity was drawn from neck to thigh, and the phrase “Women’s Human Body Research Society” was written along the sewing line.
“What is that strange book?”
“Aha. You don’t know.This is what picture books are called.It’s a privilege that only a few people can enjoy in a magic school.”
added Iruki.
“In a word, it’s an unproductive game for people who have nothing to do.(Laughs)
A picture book is a slang word used among students and is a book that combines a semi-nude drawing of a woman’s body.
Naturally, it was not an official publication, but an obscene book published by children majoring in painting in teams.
It was published in a place called the Women’s Human Body Research Society, which was an informal research group.Nevertheless, it was very popular among students I knew.This was because it was not just a seminar, but it was drawn for the characters of the magic school.
Girls, female teachers, sometimes male or male teachers, anyone who belonged to the school could be their model, so the school was also troubled.
The school periodically confiscates publications, but the key figures are still unknown because they are dot organizations and appearances are emerging.According to one theory, there is a rumor that the head of the Women’s Human Body Research Association is in the graduation class, but it was not confirmed.
Shironet looked blank when he heard the explanation.In a sense, it was a research group that did so much that it was incomparable to Iruki and Nade.
“Then does he read such a book?”I didn’t expect that.”
Iruki kept his eyes on chess and waved his finger.
“It’s just collecting information.The Women’s Human Body Research Society is very clever and collects all sorts of rumors.”
Ned showed me the back of the picture book.As Iruki said, a detailed explanation was attached.
The ingredients of female students’ origins and personal affairs were recorded in detail, but it was too much labor to be called a hobby.
The reason for insisting on the seminar was also a clever attempt to evade the civil law of the city of Creas.Nevertheless, his position was obscene, so even for laymen, he was far from art.
Ned, who turned the picture book over, exclaimed.
“Wow! This month is the best!”ROOKIE, can I open page 7 here?
“Whatever. I’ve got all the information in my head.”
Shironet stared blankly at Ned.Why is he trying to use it while opening it?
“I don’t study to do it…….”
Ned burst into laughter.I think it’s the first time.When a model student like Shirone enters the Supernatural Psychological Science Research Institute, which used to be a gathering place for losers.
“Shiro, get used to it quickly, too.”If you stay here, you’ll find that there are more interesting things to do than to teach.I’ll realize it’s definitely not a loss after a little while.”
Nade’s face, which was turning the next page of “Hee Hee Nak Rak,” suddenly.and, looking at Shirone’s eyes, he said,
“Well, Shiro,”Don’t be shocked.”
“What is it this time?”Is there anything else to be shocked about?”
“Well, here in the picture book……Amy senior has appeared.”
“What? Give it to me!”
Shironet snatched away the picture book in a hurry.An embarrassing picture was decorating the entire page.It was a realistic picture that could be believed to be real.
“Sirone, don’t get me wrong.Hey, how similar is that to a painting?I’ve always been curious.”
“What do you mean similar?And how do I know that?”
Iruki shook his shoulders and giggled.
“You don’t know Shiro’s personality?”I don’t think they’re really dating.Honestly, you haven’t even held hands yet, have you?”
“Well, you’re all right.You don’t care about other people’s love affairs.”
Shironet turned to the picture book again.Regardless of other thoughts, it was a great skill.Should I say that it feels like a person is alive on paper?
“I don’t know, but I think it’s a great talent.But why do you do this?’
Shironet tore the page open.It was really unpleasant for Amy to decorate the page in such a book.
“Uhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh…”
Ned burst into laughter as he tore the page with his head turned away, unable to look.
“Hahaha! What are you doing?”Don’t be too sensitive.It’s a product of imagination, except for the face.You haven’t even seen it in person.”
Shironet glanced at him.Whether it was imagination or reality, Amy was a friend who fought with Black Magischer.If I could, I would like to find a women’s human body research group and dismantle it.
“Anyway, let’s stop reading books like this and do something productive unless you’re going to study.It’s a research group. Are you going to be doing this all day?”
Realizing that studying here was originally easy, Shirone decided to find something he could do with his friends.
“Well, why don’t you take a look at Ned’s invention?”the patent list of Dr. Ned, the Doctor of All Things.”
“Oh, yes! I haven’t shown Shirone yet.”
Ned crawled under the table again.Curious about what was in the dump, Cyrone leaned over and looked inside.To my surprise, the safe was concealed.
“Ta-da! What do you think, Shiro?”Can you see this?
Shironet blinked blankly.There was nothing in Ned’s hand.However, when I looked closely, I felt that the scenery was arong based on a certain boundary.
“No way”.
“Haha! This is the cloak of transparency!”
A transparent cloak is an object that uses electrical force to refract light and creates an illusion of light transmission, but it was the first time I had seen it in real life.
“Did you really make it?”This one?
Shirone could not believe it.There is no great knowledge of magic engineering, but I fully knew how valuable the cloak was.
Electrical magic is also strong in the field of battle, but it has infinite industrial value.
In fact, the magic mainly used by electric wizards was not a surprise magic, but an illusion-based magic.
If it is the best magic of the illusion family, you can cite invisibility, which is a transparent magic, and it was transparent magic that could produce the same effect.
Although it is not Ned’s original invention, being able to produce by imitating a transparent cloak required professional-level engineering.
“My dream is to be a magic engineer.Of course, compared to the expensive transparent cloak on the market, it’s very poor.First of all, the material is inferior, and the charging technology is low, so it only works for an hour after injecting electricity.But isn’t this good enough?”
Nade’s figure disappeared as he put on his cloak.The quality of the transparent cloak depends on the refractive index of light.If the refractive index falls below 95%, it cannot be called transparent, so a 1% difference becomes the criterion for determining technology.Currently, Ned’s ability cannot produce a 100% refractive index, but the transparency effect was a definite degree of completion.
As Ned moved on, a blurred boundary was detected.However, when it stopped, it was impossible to know that there was someone without observing them carefully.
Shirone was a series of admiration.It was only possible to independently create magic weapons sold on the market with alchemy knowledge as well as magical knowledge.
“That’s great. Wouldn’t it have been much better if you put that effort into your studies?”
“Hahaha! That’s possible.But I’m happiest when I make things rather than magic.There are many other things besides this.Let me see.”
Ned took some things out of the safe again.Miniatures of electric-powered wagons.Hologram vision, which is welcomed when a picture is placed on the revised edition, was also quite complete.
Some of them were flash bombs and smoke bombs incorporating Iruki’s ideas, but they fell short of Ned’s patent list.
Shironet realized from Ned’s enthusiastic introduction.It’s not a waste of talent.Rather, they were ahead of students of the same age in their field.
“This wagon’s power plant rotates at a tremendous speed per second…… Huh?”
Ned, who had been busy talking, looked up at the ceiling as the room shook suddenly.The vibration got worse, and the chessboard shook and the horses fell from side to side.
Iruki immediately ran out, checked the corridor, and came back.There was a sense of urgency on his face as if he had realized something.
“Oh, my God! The teacher is here!”Get rid of the things!”
“What? What’s the matter?”
There was no time to explain.Ned hid the picture book with skillful movements and put it in a safe with smoke bombs, the unofficial operating funds of the research group.When the articles against the school regulations were dealt with, Shirone, who was confused, took him to the sofa and shouted,
“Sirone! Sit here!”It’s an unexpected check!”
Eastarth’s trachea has begun to work.A red warning light flashing in the hallway soon announced that the warehouse where the research group is located will be summoned to the first floor.
“The teacher is coming?”But what if he’s sitting down?Let’s say hello.”
Ned sat down on the sofa, trying to get up.
“Never mind! Act as if nothing had happened.”If you get a picture book or a smoke bomb, you won’t end up keeping a low profile.”
“Oh? Oh, I see.”
Shirone recovered his mind with his unique mind.His friends shook their tongues even in the midst of urgency at the level of mind control that even made their faces feel cold.Having prepared themselves for a war, they waited for Eastas to reach the ground.
* * *
“Oh, that’s annoying.”
She rubbed her headache in her hair.It takes at least three minutes to pull the warehouse down to the ground floor from Eastas.It was enough time to cover up the scene as well as run away.
In the past, several teachers raided the Psychological Science Research Society without operating Eastas.However, he wandered around the building for more than an hour and eventually failed to find a laboratory.
On the other hand, the members freely went in and out of the laboratory.I had a rough idea of how it would be done.It analyzes the movement pattern of the cube around the laboratory to infer the movement line.
Eastas has been commercialized as a magic warehouse, but the manufacturer has still not released the design drawings.It was absurd for teachers to use it as a cover-up technique for the research group, as it was not enough for any student 20 years ago to solve such problems.m.
Cina folded her arms and clapped her legs until Eastas’ form was complete.Three minutes felt too long.
“The more I think about it, the more I get angry.How did you find a pattern that even the teacher couldn’t find?No, if you found it, you should use it for constructive work.What on earth should we do with these research groups?’
This is why the Society for the Study of the Darkness is a problem.If you simply do something bad, the school should control you.However, most of their intellectual abilities were already out of control of the school.
The Supernatural Psychic Science Research Society was composed of children with extraordinary minds enough to play with bad clubs such as Black Magisher if they wanted to.
“What was Shiro’s intention in joining the club?”Even if it’s an emotional function, what’s the use of these kids?Furthermore, if you join this team, your performance evaluation will be ruined.’
Ned, who is ordinary at school but is as alert as other underground children at the research group.Ruki, a troublemaker of Class Five who is born with the power of servant syndrome but takes classes whenever he is bored.Cyrone, now the best model student in the school, intervened.How can three people, who don’t fit in no matter how much they think about it, get together and walk around?
“Do you mean talent attracts talent?”Well, Ned and Iruki can interact on an equal footing, but…….’
=======================================

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-530.txt
=============YYYYY=============
[530] INDERCODER (1)
The carriage that arrived in Basuka, the capital of the Tormia Kingdom, turned quickly and ran towards the underground mountain range.
Miro and Lian were riding in the carriage, and the two continued their conversation while facing each other.
He ran from Biden to this place without stopping for an hour, but when he heard what Sirone had gone through through Miro’s mouth, there was no time to even feel tired.
It occurred to him that he might have been caught by a great swindler who was on a different level than Alf, but Miro’s ability to shatter Alf’s sword was clearly not a skill created by humans.
Also your skills.
‘Divine Transcendence Yashara… … .’
Lian, who was lost in thought while looking at the scenery outside the window, asked.
“Do you know what the word smille means?”
“huh? Smille?”
Lian finally brought up her own story.
From the first time he reached divine transcendence in heaven, to the anecdote of eating Ymir’s arm, to the anecdote he heard while receiving <idea> from his grandfather.
“When I hear the hallucination of smille, the wound seems to regenerate quickly. She’s already made up her mind not to care about her, but I still want you to know what it is.”
“Hmm, yes… … .”
Intrigued by Lian’s words, Miro searched for knowledge in his head, but had never heard of Smille.
‘Theraze might know… … .’
Anyway, since he wasn’t here, I had no choice but to make an analogy based on what I heard.
“Ymir is said to be the apex of a creature that has reached the final stage of anecdotal art. If you ate the arm of such a giant, you might have the ability to regenerate. But I think a little differently.”
Lian raised her head.
“Rather, I think I’m related to <idea>.”
“You mean the sword’s ability?”
“Rather than that, would you say it’s an action that gets involved in something deeper? Grandpa probably extracted an object called <idea> in a dream. But as far as I know, objects are not so easily extracted. According to the guy I take with me, I have to go through very complicated and difficult steps.”
“Then how did Grandpa… … ?”
“I think the village where my grandfather stayed for a while will be a hint. It will also have something to do with the 80 million gold you paid there. In other words, <idea> had already been extracted, and my grandfather only paid for it and brought it back.”
“But I don’t think he would have carried such a large sum of money while fighting bandits.”
“The person concerned will not be able to know exactly where Drimo came from. Perhaps the legitimacy of the dream intervened. Above all, if your grandfather doesn’t know the world of Drimo, then you have no choice but to understand it, right?”
“Hmm, that’s right.”
Miro raised his index finger as if to emphasize it.
“The important thing here is who the hell did the extraction if not my grandfather. First of all, the possibility that someone else was involved in the dream is slim, and if so, there is only one possibility left.”
Lian swallowed and waited for the next words.
“Pedigree, or lineage. Thoughts that have been accumulated since the previous generations created <Idea>, someone extracted it from some generation, and the grandfather paid the price and brought it to reality. For now, this is probably the closest guess to the truth.”
“lineage… … .”
“I heard that the Ogent family has both blue and black hair traits? Perhaps the truth is hiding there?”
When I heard Miro’s words, I felt like I had found a ray of light in a dark cave.
“Also, that’s why I said that the ability to regenerate is related to <idea>. Isn’t it strange when you think about it? A sword that will never be destroyed.”
“Is it strange?”
“No matter how you look at it, it’s not the realm of durability. Therefore, it is the realm of concepts. In other words, <Idea>’s ability is precisely this. The information that makes up the sword can never be destroyed.”
Miro pointed to Lian.
“If complete innocence was the will of our ancestors, it will also be embedded in the traits of our descendants. If bodily information is compromised, she quickly restores it to its original state. So it also explains why her hallucinations, called Smille, were heard by her grandfather.”
Ryan shook his head in genuine admiration.
Having approached this far with only a small amount of information, I felt like a wizard.
“I think I know something. thank you.”
Miro’s face was still serious.
“You have to be careful, Lian.”
“yes?”
“Even if you say that in <Idea>, your body is not an object. If the action that happened only once when Grandpa extracted <Idea> continues to happen to you, then Ymir’s arm could have played some role. But even Ymir is a creature after all, and a creature has no choice but to have limits.”
This was the part that Lian was most concerned about.
“Axing called Denai denies the law. That’s why transcendental movements are possible without using the limits of muscle strength, but it’s the same as if your body breaks if you’re greedy anyway. And when that happens over and over again… … .”
In the end, it cannot be revived and the body is destroyed.
Living with that terrible outcome in one’s heart is something that only the person concerned cannot feel, so Miro reduced his words.
“Sorry. Hearing it would have only disturbed me.”
“it’s okay.”
Ryan smiled.
“There were times when I was terrified, but I’m fine now. Even if the limit is next, I will wield it with all my might. It is the path I have chosen.”
Miro nodded his head reverently.
‘Is it a big sword?’
It seemed that the Ogent family’s family tradition of overcoming any obstacles was intact in Rian.
“You have arrived at your destination.”
The coachman announced from the middle of the mountain range where the road was cut off.
From then on, it was around noon when I reached the Ardino family on foot.
Miro knocked on the door, but no one came to meet him.
Raising her eyebrows at the sound she heard from inside, Miro turned the doorknob and the unlocked door opened with a creak.
“Puhaha! So, I mean, I was very good when I was younger. When I go out in town, women can’t take their eyes off my face, and I’ve been hit by a carriage.”
“Oh, the appearance that God only heard about in rumors is jealous of?”
“uh? Ah oh! yes! Ha ha ha ha ha!”
Miro looked at Enrique and Marsha laughing and talking excitedly with wide eyes.
Only then did Enrique, realizing that the maze had arrived, suddenly cleared his throat with a serious face.
“Hmmm, are you here? They said it would be very late.”
Miro ignored Enrique and approached Marsha.
“When did you arrive? A lot faster than expected?”
“huh? no. I came an hour ago.”
“… … .”
The sight of eating and sleeping together for at least three days passed through my head.
No matter what, the affinity could be said to be outstanding.
“When you want to look good to someone, embrace your parents first. It is the basics of socializing.”
After whispering that, Marsha waved her hand at Lian.
“long time no see. But you’ve grown a lot bigger than before?”
“Thank you for helping Sirone.”
Ryan spoke the words he had prepared in advance.
Seeing Sirone’s work as her own, Marsha thought that the only thing that had changed was her size.
“What is gratitude? It’s not something you do for free.”
As we entered the second floor room along the maze, Fermi, who was talking to Arius, stood up.
“It’s fast. I am also your aunt.”
There weren’t many people in the world who could find the two unidentified people so quickly.
“I’m busy too, so here’s the contract.”
Miro put the depreciation contract on the table.
On the buyer’s signature line was the name of an archmage named Millward.
Once sold, the chips can be transferred to others, but Theraze was not stupid enough to write his signature on someone else’s eating out.
“Good. Then, now only Sirone’s signature remains.”
Marsha interrupted as Fermi held up the contract.
“Wait, show me too.”
Marsha was also once used to extracting other people’s magic, so it was natural to be curious.
After examining the depreciation transaction contract carefully, she nodded.
“Well done. By digesting chips, battery and omnipotence are activated. You twisted the concept of intake into learning.”
In case there would be a need to take advantage of the depreciation trade, Fermi made his own chip and threw it to Marsha.
“It is a clay chip according to the Tormia official standard. The picture engraved on the inlay in the center contains the type of battery, and the mold pattern on the outside contains omnipotence. Once the chips are taken out, they have a shelf life of three days, after which they corrode.”
“Hoo.”
If it is applied from the moment the chip is taken out, it can be said that Fermi has no expiration date.
You can take it out and use it when you need it.
On the other hand, sellers and buyers must be able to contact Fermi within three days.
“Can I just swallow it?”
“yes. The cells and omnipotence contained in the chip are digested in the stomach for the duration of the contract and eventually disappear. However, as digestion progresses, the balance between omnipotence and omnipotence subtly shifts.”
“It means that the efficiency is low.”
“Yes. When it is digested by 30%, it requires 1.03 times more concentration than at the beginning. 60% is 1.07, and 90% is 1.12.”
“Isn’t it significantly deteriorating?”
“You hardly feel it with a single cast. However, in terms of the total period, it is not negligible. Also, if you shoot continuously for a long time, there will be a difference in fatigue to some extent.”
It was a problem that could not be called a disadvantage compared to learning magic only by intake without any restrictions.
“now! That aside, now it’s Fermi’s turn. I’ve prepared everything, so tell me how to get into Under Coder.”
“Ah, that was the condition.”
Fermi picked up a glass bottle placed on the bench.
There were dozens of red pills that looked like beans.
“<Under Coder> is a realm that exists outside of dreams. The reason why I can’t go normally is because the moment I try to escape, I wake up from my dream. Therefore, we need drugs that have special effects on the brain.”
“Is that medicine in a glass bottle?”
“yes. It’s a stimulant called ‘Dream Star’. When the medicinal effect is activated, the brain is awakened and connected to the senses of reality just enough to not wake up from the dream. So you can leave the dream without waking up.”
Miro grabbed the vial and shook it.
“This is absurd. Do you think such a drug exists?”
“It is extremely difficult to formulate because you need to awaken just enough to barely cross the line between reality and dreams. It’s quite expensive, and it’s not something you can get with money.”
“Are there any side effects?”
“It can’t be because it forces the brain to wake up. Being addicted can be hard. But a few times should be fine.”
“good. Any detailed plans?”
Fermi turned to Arius and said.
“Four people must have the same dream to carry out the operation. This is called ‘address matching’, and for now, we have agreed that Mr. Arius will play a role in tuning the mental frequency.”
If it was Arius, who was quick with the human mind, he could trust him.
After all, he had no intention of endangering the maze.
“Okay, then preparations are complete.”
“I warn you in advance, but the final destination is The Abyss. <Under Coder> is just a passage to that place. If the incarnation is destroyed, you may not wake up forever.”
Since they had already come this far with that much determination, no one was shaken by the life-threatening warning.
“It doesn’t matter, as long as I can save Sirone.”
Hearing Lian’s solemn resolution, Fermi smiled.
‘It will be a fun trip.’
—————————————

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-531.txt
=============YYYYY=============
[531] IN THE CODER (2)
At the point where 24 hours had passed since then, Miro and the others were still unable to even approach the Under Coder.
In order to go to Under Coder, you must first enter Dremo.
The problem was that in order to find Louver, a dreamer, he needed the ability of Lucid Dream to recognize reality even in a dream.
Marsha managed to achieve her lucid dream in only two attempts, but Lian was having a hard time.
“Do you really have to go through Drimo? Can’t we just break away from the dream?”
Fermi shook his head.
“Under Coder is a realm outside the mind. Drug designers have tried several times, but they have failed. Dream Star only works in Drimo.”
“Did you hear? Let’s do it right this time, okay?”
At Marsha’s words, Lian nodded despondently and went into the next room.
I followed the advice to reduce psychological pressure, but honestly, I didn’t even know what a lucid dream was.
“shit! Do I have to struggle to dream now?”
So the four of them fell into a dream again.
The dream he entered under the control of Arius was a slum with intricately connected alleys.
Miro, Fermi, and Marsha quickly found each other, but Lian was nowhere to be seen this time either.
The place where the three found Lian was an empty lot with scrap materials at the end of the alley.
Miro shook his head as he watched him wielding a rotten piece of wood and muttering something.
“I fell for Lilpin.”
Reelpin is the opposite concept of awareness, meaning a state of complete loss of focus in a dream.
“You shouldn’t cut it this way, but maybe that way is okay, and if you still have to do it… … .”
said Fermi.
“It’s a meaningless murmur.”
“hey! Ryan! Wake! This is a dream!”
Marsha made a horn and shouted, but Lian couldn’t hear it anymore.
Frustrated, she asked Fermi.
“What must I do to get out of Reel Pin?”
“It just needs to be shocking enough to be aware of. But you will wake up from your dream.”
As soon as she finished speaking, Marsha strode forward and hit Lian on the back of the head with all her might.
“hey!”
The moment I heard a boom, the real Lian jumped up.
“Aww!”
I had been beaten in my dream, but I was touching the place where I had been hit with a tingling sensation when the door slammed open.
Marsha stood with her shoulders raised and strong.
“However, until you need to hit… … .”
Marsha quickly walked in and raised her hand to hit Lian in the back of the head.
“hey!”
However, it was different from the dream, and this time Marsha’s hands were tingling.
“Why are you hitting me?”
“wanna die? Are you doing this on purpose? They say that even ordinary people can do it with the help of experts!”
“I’m dreaming, how do I know it’s a dream?”
Marsha let out a long sigh.
“Listen. If you fail, Sirone will never come back here again. Are you still okay?”
Ryan’s face hardened with tension.
‘Yes, I have to save Sirone. But what should I do… … .’
Marsha, knowing that the person she was most upset with was Rihanna, corrected her expression and read it.
“If technology doesn’t work, try it with guts. It’s unconditionally awakening in a dream. Think of Sirone.”
“I will try again. Let’s start right now.”
And exactly 24 hours later, all four of them finally gathered in a dream in a lucid dream state.
When I asked for a job in search of Mongin Louver, he suggested three jobs related to love, power, and honor.
And when Miro and his party all refused, he made a playful face and opened a door in his dream.
“Go in. Dream whatever you want.”
The party who entered through the door opened their eyes wide at the scenery that had changed in an instant.
The door that came out had already disappeared, and in a world covered in light fog, buildings of impossibly tall heights rose through the sky.
“It is very high. It cannot be compared to Heaven.”
“It is not a building that actually exists.”
I lowered my head at Arius’ voice, and a dog with fluffy blue hair sat there.
Arius’s desire to become a labyrinth dog was projected in the form of an incarnation.
“What do you mean by not really?”
“It’s just information about the scenery. The specific condition of the building would not have been made.”
“It is for ornamental purposes. Like a background prop in a play.”
Then the ground shook with a thud.
The faces of the party who reflexively looked at the sky all turned pale.
“cotton candy?”
Marsha said in a trembling voice.
“who… … Did you want to eat cotton candy? then don’t speak I would have bought it for you.”
“no. It’s not just our thoughts. This is also why Drimo is dangerous.”
said Fermi.
“Sorry, but there are more serious things than that. It’s time for the capsule to dissolve. The drug effect of the Dream Star will be activated soon.”
As predicted, the bodies of the four people lying side by side in reality trembled lightly.
As the Dream Star awakened the brain and conveyed the sense of reality to the brain, the landscape of Drimo began to vibrate wildly.
“Kiaaaaa!”
At the same time, the color of the cotton candy turned cloudy, as if it had been soaked in dirty water, and then released like smoke and hit the party.
“It’s a start! Pay attention to the focus and run!”
As Fermi led the way, Miro followed and asked.
“Why are you here all of a sudden? Was it bad food?”
“It is because of the medicinal effect. We have become alien beings that we shouldn’t be in Dremo.”
Lian chin towards the front.
“Then is that normal too?”
Amidst the shaking of the world, all visible structures were falling apart like fragments.
The dream was about to collapse.
“Come this way!”
As Fermi turned sharply and opened the door to the building, the remaining four men jumped toward the door.
The scenery changed again, and the four of them were devastated when they found the endless expanse of the sea outside the deck.
“damn!”
They were in a boat, and no matter where they looked, there was no exit.
“What do we do? This place will soon collapse too.”
“You can’t get out of Drimo just by changing dimensions like this. We must somehow get to the edge of the sea or find an exit to a new dimension.”
“for a moment! Something is wrong!”
The waterway swayed as if the ground was shaking, and the seawater began to rise high.
As if there was a fire under the sea, all kinds of sea creatures jumped out of the water and dived in an arch.
“I guess I can’t make it on time.”
It may be the end of the information that only 10 meters ahead is the sea.
However, if you believed in it and rowed and made a mistake in your judgment, you would be completely submerged here.
“I-over there… … !”
Marsha paused and pointed at the sky, and everyone turned around.
A giant white pillar the size of a planet descended obliquely from the sky and was submerged in the distant sea.
The four of them stared at the empty space, devastated.
A child’s face, lacking a few chromosomes, floated across the sky, and a white pillar was held in the child’s mouth.
“Another dimension is starting to interfere.”
“Run away! Get off the boat!”
Miro buoyed the party up with air magic and flung herself out of the deck.
As soon as he desperately climbed up into the sky, the child’s cheeks dug a hollow, and the water level of the sea water instantly fell and was sucked into the white pillar as if evaporating.
The sight of the planet’s seawater being sucked in all at once was beyond common sense, shocking me just to see it.
Arius, who was riding on Miro’s back, shouted.
“I found it!”
“where are you?”
“That pillar, no, it’s in the straw!”
I found the only passage to another dimension, but I didn’t even have to use a child.
When the sea disappeared, air began to be sucked in, and four humans and a dog also entered it.
“Whoa, whoa, whoa.”
When the child blew out the air, beautiful soap bubbles were born and flung along with the wind.
Five soap bubbles burst, and Miro and the others looked around with surprised expressions.
Pretty children were playing with soap bubbles.
However, the aftermath of the collapse came immediately, without time to savor the lingering aftertaste of escape.
The children burst into frightened weeping as the darkness began to creep in from far outside the meadow.
As if in response, the ground shook, and at last countless slime-like forms descended from the darkness that covered the sky.
“Nightmare! Never touch! If you touch it, this world will turn into a nightmare!”
“Keeeh!”
Sharp-looking darkness rushed towards Miro and the others.
Rian, who was about to swing his sword reflexively, remembered Arius’ advice and immediately denied it.
As the upper body twisted as if the space was distorted, Nightmare passed by narrowly passing his chest.
“Too many numbers!”
Although the speed itself was not very fast, each movement without inertia seemed to use axing.
Miro sent two Nightmares between his flanks and shouted at Fermi.
“Can’t we escape by moving through space?”
“Can you keep the focus?”
“Have you forgotten who I am?”
“Then do it quickly!”
As soon as Fermi’s words were finished, Miro took everyone and cast space movement, and immediately darkness descended like the sky collapsing and crushed the earth.
thud! thud! thud! thud!
The great darkness endlessly pursued the flashes of space movement, like the leg of an elephant stepping on an ant.
“Where the hell is the end!”
Arius shouted.
“It’s expanding because of Nightmare! You will never get out of here!”
“Oh, really!”
When the maze stopped moving in space and set the party down, a huge Nightmare pushed forward from the horizon in a shape resembling a human hand.
“Let’s do this until the end!”
Glaring at the Nightmare that was flooding in and covering the world, Miro held out her hands with her palms together in front of her.
Mind transcendence Banya-Sunshujang.
A huge incarnation of Kannon was born from the halo of the labyrinth and pierced Nightmare’s heart with the joined hands.
When Miro spread his arms, Hwasin took the same action and tore Nightmare’s body from side to side.
“it’s okay! let’s go!”
Ignoring Rian and Marsha’s absurd expressions, Miro immediately casts a spatial shift and escapes everyone outside of Nightmare’s realm.
“What’s left now?”
Fermi said with an embarrassed expression.
“It’s a nightmare.”
Cuckoo Cuckoo Cuckoo!
The meadow rocked as if floating on the sea, and then an explosion occurred in the ground.
The maze and the others spread themselves out and zigzag as much as possible, but time slowly started to slow down.
‘shit! It’s nightmare time.’
Explosive noises were heard from all sides, and pillars of fire shot up from beneath the ground.
And finally, a gigantic explosion that was incomparable to before exploded at the halfway point connecting the party with a line.
Woooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo!
In the slowed time, they all rose into the sky, and were spun freely by the impact.
Marsha could clearly see the slowly moving party as if they were floating.
As I passed Arius, who was pathetically turned upside down and his tongue was sticking out, and my gaze moved back to the flames of the explosion, a thrill I had never experienced in my life filled up.
A huge flame filled with hot heat spread out and became a single flower in full bloom.
Fire flowers are blooming everywhere.
The surface of the flower was shiny as if it had been oiled, and as it burned like gold, it lit up the world like daylight.
“ah… … .”
Marsha looked at it with hazy eyes.
‘It’s a really awesome nightmare.’
At the same time, time returned.
“Wake!”
Just before losing focus, Miro wrapped Marsha’s waist and flew toward the horizon.
Everyone was already gathered around her.
The biggest explosion spread a shock wave, blowing the bodies of Miro and his party hundreds of meters away, and just before falling into the floating reel fin, Miro fell and rolled on the floor.
“Whoa, whoa.”
Marsha couldn’t calm down her excitement, as if the fierce scene she had just seen was still vivid, and Lian also had a depressed expression.
“You have arrived.”
Fermi smiled and pointed forward.
“This is the end of the mind.”
No explanation was needed.
It was because the sunset I saw in the meadow far away was right in front of me.
Like a picture painted on a wall, there was no error in size when viewed from a distance.
“Information is no longer being generated. If you cross this boundary, it becomes the domain of undercoders.”
Miro courageously rolled up her sleeves and moved on.
“Okay, then shall we begin in earnest?”
Miro, who paused in front of the setting sun, pushed her body as if she had made up her mind, and her body disappeared inside like an illusionary curtain.
—————————————

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-532.txt
=============YYYYY=============
[532] Indercoder (3)
Lian, Fermi, and Marsha followed Miro and crossed the curtain of the setting sun.
In a space as dark as the night sky, lines emitting blue light ran vertically, and glittering lights like stars descended along the lines.
“Don’t you feel like you’re falling?”
“Precisely because information is transmitted. Gravity has nothing to do with it.”
Ryan walked to the maze.
“Is this <Under Coder>?”
“You could call it an entrance. Since we are out of Dremo, our information is treated as a minority concept. When the Dream Star’s medicinal effect wears off, we too will disintegrate.”
“Isn’t it dangerous?”
“yes. Because the incarnation was not damaged. It will go down intact because it will not be combined with any other information.”
“What about Arius?”
Come to think of it, I didn’t see a dog with blue fur.
“He is not an incarnation. It’s an illusion that came through our mental channels. You seem to have lost your mind so far.”
The maze was passed without much thought.
“doesn’t care. I will find a way to contact you. If you don’t, you can’t do it.”
When the drug effect of the Dream Star disappeared, the bodies of the four began to disintegrate into sparkling particles.
Fermi said at the point where the decomposition that started from the limbs passed through the lower and upper body and left only the face.
“I’ll see you on the middle floor.”
“What is that… … .”
Before Marsha could finish her words, everyone’s bodies were disintegrated into light powder and descended along <Under Coder>.
“Ah, it’s the head.”
Miro frowned and came to his senses, and Lian, Fermi, and Marsha also had expressions that were no different.
“What do you mean middle class?”
said Fermi, looking around.
“Right here.”
Hundreds of mirrors hung in a square room measuring 100 pyeong.
“This is the midpoint of <Under Coder>, a virtual space created by humans. It is to create a small world by recycling discarded junk information from Dremo. All incarnations of human beings in their entirety go through a filter and arrive here.”
In front of the human footprints in <Under Coder>, Marsha suddenly realized how crazy humans are for exploration.
“Then what is this mirror?”
“It is a passage that connects the virtual world created by designers. It’s called a link. The mirror is the communication protocol they set.”
“Hmm, you mean they are connected to different virtual worlds? What worlds are there?”
Fermi cast the trade of depreciation.
The chip, which had a picture of a beehive of four horizontal and four vertical stripes of light, slid down his throat.
“Information Magic Information. It deciphers the protocols of the middle layer into real information.”
When the spirit zone was opened, the name of the virtual world and the designer’s code name were revealed in the language of reality on the surface of the mirror.
“Here, at the entrance to the mezzanine floor, there is a link to the most popular virtual world of the moment. I’ll recite a few, so if there’s a world you like, pick one.”
Fermi listed the names of the worlds and the code names of their designers.
Human Taste-ID: Swaddling Pig
Dog and Man Love Story – ID: Animal Lover
It’s okay even if you don’t have limbs-ID: Only the head remains
“stop!”
Marsha held out her hand as if it wasn’t worth reading any further.
It may not seem like a big deal, but when I listened to the name of the world, I was reminded of things that would never be tolerated in reality.
‘It’s a world where people eat human flesh, do best*ality, or do things like body mutilation.’
Even more speculative was the code name connected to the name of the world, and it was clear that he did not feel any guilt.
“It’s a feast of all kinds of minority concepts. You mean you can actually try it once you enter that world?”
“There are people who just watch, and there are people who actually play. The ratio is about 5 to 5.”
“Of course it’s not free, right?”
At Marsha’s words, Fermi smiled.
The idea that she would have created this world in hopes of a price was telling me that Marsha was a normal person.
“Unfortunately, 80 percent of the content is free. Most of the designers are just crazy people who have no attachments to the real world. If you use paid content, you can pay with Dream Star. All they need is a Dream Star, and in reality they can be exchanged for currency.”
Miro said.
“I roughly understood. Then where do we go?”
“No matter which link you follow, the information keeps crashing. No matter where you choose, the final destination is The Abyss.”
“Then let’s go over there.”
When Miro pointed to the large mirror, Fermi used information magic to see what kind of world it was.
Dead Men Tell No Tales-ID: A mushy corpse
It was a world of playing with corpses, and Fermi decided that this was enough for a beginner.
“It’s simple to move on the link. It’s the principle behind the world. If you just put your palm on the mirror like this… … .”
Fermi’s figure disappeared.
“Hmm, it sure is simple.”
Next, when Miro placed her palm, the scene suddenly changed as her reality and her reality reflected in the mirror were reversed.
Feeling as if the reflection in the mirror was her real self from the beginning, Miro realized what the principle behind the world was.
“It is convenient. With this, I can transmit the entire information.”
The waiting Fermi shrugged.
“That’s it.”
After a while, when Lian and Marsha arrived, the group began descending the middle layer in earnest.
The virtual worlds built by humans were of different sizes, and each had its own characteristics in composition and environment, but it was common that terrible things were being done so that it was difficult to open our eyes.
Horrible screams, disgusting acts, the faces of people driven mad by pleasure or pain were already of a different species than humans.
By the time I got on the rink and arrived at the 40th world, Marsha, a regular outsider, was also mentally exhausted.
The labyrinth of impermanence could have endured, but it was unexpected that Fermi would even hum and be happy.
Miro, who had been glancing at Fermi, asked.
“This place looks pretty familiar. How often have you used <Under Coder>?”
“He doesn’t come today. By the time I was 12, I was completely absorbed in it, but lately I haven’t been interested in it.”
‘Twelve years old… … .’
Although the nephew met after 20 years, Miro was convinced that Fermi was never a normal human being.
Fermi continued, not paying attention to the terrible screams.
“At one time, I was also the designer of this place. The name of the world, revenge is mine. It was a virtual world where you could embodied the object you hated and take revenge to your heart’s content. There, my aunt was also bullied quite a lot by me.”
No matter how virtual it is, it would be a frightening thing to walk with the person who tortured you with the same information as yourself.
But instead, Miro burst into laughter.
“Ho-ho-ho! Could it have been popular?”
“no. In the beginning, there were times when we were in the top 1,000 in the popularity rankings of the middle class, but the number of guests decreased as time went on. The world I created eventually sank into The Abyss because I couldn’t survive in the middle layer if new information wasn’t updated.”
“Hmm, that’s unfortunate.”
“At the time, my pride was hurt. While thinking about how to make her popular, she realized one thing. Was I having fun with torturing and killing her aunt? Come to think of it, it wasn’t. What do you think is the reason?”
Miro put her finger on her chin and tried to think.
“Um, well. Because it’s not real?”
“no.”
Fermi stopped and looked around the maze.
“Because I ‘know’ it’s not real.”
Only being locked up is real.
The moment the lid is opened, all concepts are bound to come out and change into new meanings.
“The moment you think that you can go out anytime, all your senses become fake. I haven’t been here since then. It’s not a place for a realist like me.”
‘I can go out anytime.’
Miro savored Fermi’s words.
In a virtual world created by humans, everyone knows this, but in this reality, no one, including her, could truly think about it.
“Now you have arrived. This is the last virtual world.”
The place where Link arrived was a virtual world where parts of the body were amputated and replaced with each other.
I don’t know why it’s fun, but the dismembered people were ecstatic, and the man with multiple arms was narcissistic with a satisfied expression.
When I got out of it, I finally came to a darkly lit room with only one mirror.
Fermi cast an information spell to decipher the information.
warning. This is the exit of the middle floor. Anyone who doesn’t want to go to The Abyss, wake up from your dreams.
“… … It says.”
“Awakening from a dream, can I just wait?”
“There is a special method. Anyone who enjoys <Under Coder> knows that. But even that is possible because it is a world created by humans. The Abyss is an automatic assembly of Minority Concepts. No information will give us consideration.”
Fermi gave a final caution.
“I warn you, but once you enter The Abyss, I don’t even know how to get back. Maybe there is no other way.”
“No, definitely.”
Miro said.
“Because my friend is back. So there must be a way.”
Of course, there would be no need to bring up the story that I had gone there again now.
Marsha asked.
“I’d like to hear it before I go, but in exactly what state does Sirone exist in The Abyss? If it’s a completely different world, then there’s the problem of adapting. I don’t think there will be a magic school.”
“The pattern of combining information cannot be predicted by humans. However, they will be combined in the most appropriate form in the world of The Abyss. If there is a magic school, of course you are a student there.”
“Hmm, so in the end, it means that the most familiar information exists in a combined state.”
“yes. That’s why we need two people.”
If it were two people, they were none other than Marsha and Lian.
“You mean that if we had a strong rapport in real life, we would have a high affinity for information with Sirone, right?”
“yes. The closer the two people’s information penetrates, the higher the chance that Sirone’s damaged information will be restored. In other words, it cuts the information associated with the Abyss and injects your information.”
“Okay, I understand. Then let’s go in.”
The four of them stopped side by side, looking at the last mirror on the way to The Abyss.
The way to return is still unclear, and the world there must have accumulated the worst information, comparable to the middle layer of <Under Coder>.
‘The destination of information. In other words, the end of this world.’
It was natural to be nervous as it was an unknown world that even Fermi, who had visited <Under Coder> like a meal, had never gone down to.
Miro took a deep breath and pointed to the mirror.
“Okay then, who shall we start with? The one who will be the first tourist on the Journey to Hell.”
Lian said without giving anyone a chance to step out.
“I will go down and wait.”
When Lian held out his hand, the two Lians joined right hands across the mirror.
As Lian in the mirror became real, Lian’s body in reality disappeared as if it had been an illusion from the beginning.
“Wow, he’s a man too.”
“Hey, let’s go. Could there be anything worse than dying?”
As Marsha continued to ride the rink out, Miro looked back at Fermi and smiled.
“Are you going too? Aren’t you supposed to make money? Or were you thinking of leaving me behind?”
“No way.”
Fermi smiled bitterly and reached for the mirror.
It’s not that I didn’t think about it, but I didn’t think that I could take revenge on Miro in the world to the extent that I fell into The Abyss.
‘I’m going to do it step by step.’
As Fermi entered the Abyss, Miro smiled at his reflection in the mirror.
“are you okay. Because that’s where you are.”
Leaving words unintelligible to others, the labyrinth took the first step toward an endless hell.
—————————————

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-533.txt
=============YYYYY=============
[533] Last World (1)
The Abyss is a virtual world in which the end of the future is realized based on current information.
It would be foolish to estimate the size of an information dump, but Miro and the others were certain that they would be able to meet Sirone.
This is because, no matter how lax the Abyss is, all humans are connected to the information of the world most familiar to humans.
However, since it is the destination of information, that world will be the farthest future that current information can reach.
Of course, Sirone’s information was also permeated in a state that the Abyss could ‘accept most appropriately’.
The name of this world that someone would have named for the first time was Apocalypse.
* * *
A ruined skyscraper.
Buildings exposed their steel frames like fleshy creatures, and cars with their engines turned off were nailed to place like fossils.
“Ha-mei, come quickly, come quickly!”
A boy and girl under the age of 10 emerged from the terrible ruins.
As a race called ‘Children of the Sun’, they were the last descendant of mankind who suffered numerous nuclear wars and cataclysms on a cosmic scale.
Dark skin with green hair was their unique characteristic of life activities through photosynthesis.
That’s why the digestive system is only needed to take in water, and food that is tougher than water was not swallowed even for fun.
“Thank you, brother. You don’t know how reassuring Wood is when he says his brother is following him. Sorry for the difficult request.”
“It’s not like you’re talking like an adult that hasn’t even fallen off yet.”
Although they are about a year old, to the Wood family, Hamei, who was about to start ‘gathering’, seemed young.
“tooth! Oppa hasn’t fallen yet either!”
The children of the sun, like fruits, have a crown on the top of their head, and as time goes by, they shrink and eventually fall off.
“Okay, let’s go quickly. Because there is a set time to enter the ‘Tree of Life’.”
said Woodgar, hastening his way.
“Since you are eight years old now, you have to ‘gather’. It’s an important job that slaves can’t do. Take a good look at the road today and memorize it.”
“But you have to go through the ‘pollution zone’.”
“don’t worry. Just do what I tell you to do.”
The Children of the Sun skillfully made their way through the dangerous terrain and into the city.
“Hahaha! There it is!”
Then, suddenly, a high-pitched shout was heard.
Reflexively pressing Hamei’s head down, Udgar quietly peeked out of the corner.
‘It’s an underground person!’
Those with long arms and hair growing down to their ears skillfully stepped on the rubble and climbed up to the heights.
The Children of the Sun never acknowledged it, but they were also another human living in the apocalypse.
Commonly known as underground.
They were a species with the intelligence of a human and the physical abilities of a monkey, and they ate through ‘hunting’.
‘If I had to meet you here… … !’
The reason underground people are dangerous is because they use weapons from ancient civilizations buried underground.
Those who were hunting now were running with machine guns and bombs attached to them.
“I will eat! something to eat!”
After escaping through the complex wreck like a snake’s hole, the seven underground men aimed at the fish flying in the sky.
As the sea dried up, certain fish evolved to fly by filling their swim bladders with gases lighter than air.
“Shoot! Crush it!”
One magazine was quickly emptied as the underground man pulled the trigger, his long arm swinging back and forth with the recoil.
Whoa! Whoa!
Rajet, the sky fish, emitted a jet stream toward the anus with a strange noise.
Escaping using a jet engine was the only way to survive for fish whose durability was poor due to their reduced weight.
When the bullet penetrated Rajet, his torso rapidly shrank and fell to the ground.
“Right! The eyeballs are mine!”
There will be very little flesh, but it will still be enough for 7 people to barely last a day.
When the shrunken fish fell to the ground, all seven of them rushed in and dismantled the fish with their bare hands.
“delicious! delicious!”
Hamei, who was spying on the sight of him pushing into his mouth without even checking what he was holding in his hand, shuddered.
“It’s terrible.”
Eating food is just what an underground person must do to survive.
However, it was a terrible sight for the children of the sun, who had a strong dislike for the activity itself, to eat.
“Now. Let’s take advantage of the crazy gap and get out.”
Udgar took Hamei across the road.
The two of them wiped the sweat from their foreheads only after running three more blocks, holding their hearts so tense that their hearts would explode.
“Whoa, that’s okay. From here… … .”
Woodgar’s words cut off abruptly.
It was because I spotted an underground man approaching from the other side of the road.
He wore a rusty pot like a bulletproof helmet, a bullet belt slung over his shoulder, and a heavy machine gun in both hands.
“It’s meat!”
The underground man, who looked like a hairless monkey, salivated at the children of the sun and fired his machine gun.
As if there was no concept of aiming and shooting, the buildings were shattered as they were roughly leveled in front.
“run! Run, Hamei!”
Not knowing that their skin was being scratched by the building’s steel frame, the two ran frantically down the street.
“ouch!”
At that time, something caught Hamei’s feet.
As she fell forward without even falling, Woodgar’s eyes turned to her in shock.
“Dangerous! Hamey!”
“Yah-hoo-oh!”
Like a monkey climbing a tree, an underground man jumped out of a traffic light and pointed a gun at him.
“I have to eat it all by myself!”
Kyaaaaaa!
At that time, a huge grotesque bird flew in from the other side and snatched the underground man with its huge beak.
Having wings means that they are carnivores.
It was a gamble to achieve explosive speed in a world where energy sources were scarce, but it was a choice to be faster than the jet engines of air-eating creatures.
As if the roar of the gunfire had been swallowed up as well, the grotesque bird faded away, and Woodgar, his legs loosened, sat down on the floor.
“Whoa, I almost died. Hamei, are you okay?”
When there was no answer, Woodgar raised his head and found Hamei looking at the ground from the spot where he fell.
“Hey, what are you doing? Are you hurt?”
“… … Brother, look at this.”
Only then did Woodgar stand up, startled to realize what she was looking at.
“Get out of the way for a second.”
After sweeping away the dirt from the glass coffin that had risen above the ground, I was finally able to be sure.
“It is real. This is the ‘resting place of the ancients’.”
The shelter of the ancients was a personal capsule in which those who lived before the destruction of this world were sleeping.
For the children of the sun, slave labor was added, and for the underground people, it was the finest food with a lot of lean meat, so the day the capsule was discovered could be seen as a so-called jackpot.
“Let’s get it out! Help me!”
“But what about ‘gathering’? There is a fixed time to enter the tree of life.”
“You’ll have one more chance before the sun goes down. When you return to the ‘Hive’, say that you found this. Then you will be able to receive the grace of Ra.”
“… … The Grace of Ra?”
Hamei, who had imagined a sweet time, excavated the capsule along with the unbeatable Chuck Wood family.
Although inferior to those of the underground, even the children of the sun had enough stamina and strength to survive the apocalypse.
When the capsule was unearthed without difficulty, the two were able to identify a blond-haired boy sleeping in a glass coffin.
“Wow, the flesh is so white.”
“Let’s open it. I’ve seen my brothers do it before when I went out to gather.”
When the soil was removed, under the glass tube, there was a large inscription in the language of the ancients.
Silence Artificial Hibernation Co., Ltd.
“If you touch somewhere here… … .”
When I pressed the green button, the capsule shook and the light came on, and I heard a woman’s voice as the engine started.
– system up and running. Unhibernate subject code number 10111-111001.
– Hibernation time 2,473 years 287 days 14 hours 9 minutes 42 seconds.
The capsule, which had been silent as if lost in thought, reported the results after a while.
– Lack of memory power. Loss of user information. Release hibernation.
Suddenly, the glass panes ricocheted away with a bang.
Then, as smoke billowed as if it were on fire, Hamei grabbed Woodga’s arm.
“Are you really okay, brother?”
“don’t worry. because it doesn’t explode. The same smoke came out when the older brothers woke up the Ancients before.”
After the smoke cleared, the two looked inside the capsule.
The whole process was over, but the blonde-haired boy was still asleep and showed no signs of waking up.
“What do we do? Should I wake up? hey, hey Open your eyes.”
“Huh!”
The moment Woodgar grabbed him by the shoulder and shook him, the boy’s eyes widened and his upper body jumped up.
“… … done. I really woke up.”
The boy gasped for breath, unable to even blink, like someone waking up from a nightmare.
Then I looked around to see if I had come to my senses.
‘Where are you? What happened?’
Many memories were lost, and it was not even clear who he was.
Woodga, who met the boy’s eyes, spoke in an overbearing voice as he had heard from his brothers.
“What, what are you looking at? If you wake up, come out soon. From now on, you are a slave to our colony!”
‘I can’t understand what you’re saying.’
The boy ignored Woodgar and went back to his thoughts.
Memories were jumbled, as information was combined into forms most familiar to the world of Apocalypse.
‘I definitely have memories of going into hibernation… … .’
On the one hand, the memory of living in a world where strange abilities were used remained like a dream.
The problem was that I didn’t know which one was real information.
“Eight! Hey, can’t you come out soon?”
Udgar grabbed the boy’s arm and pulled him away, and a terrified Hamei grabbed hold of the boy’s arm to stop him.
“Brother, don’t do that! What if you get angry and do harm to us?”
“The more you do, the stronger you have to go. You are not a complete slave until you are baptized by Ra.”
‘Wow, what strength is a child… … !’
The boy got out of the capsule, surprised by the strength of the new human being rather than displeased.
In any case, they were the ones who made me wake up again.
“Ah, thank you. But where is this place? No, how long has it been?”
The reason why people are not too surprised to see the world in ruins is because it was foretold from the moment they decided to hibernate.
Unintelligible, Woodga beat her chest and said.
“I am Woodga. And this is Hamei. When you go to the colony later, you must tell Hamei that he found you. Understand?”
‘Wood. hamay. It must be the name.’
“What’s your name?”
Woodgar pointed, and the boy thought again.
‘My Name. Who the hell am I?’
Then, suddenly, as if my head was about to break, a headache rushed in, and the memories that were broken like shrapnel scratched through my brain.
-The 2nd power plant collapsed! Out of output! You can’t hibernate everyone!
-shut up! The people waiting in the capsule are still awake!
-but!
-At least one more person can be saved! for humanity! We will survive to the end!
The conversation the researchers were shouting at was clearly heard in the ears of the boy lying in the capsule.
After a while, a golden cord passed inside the glass coffin, and his eyes, trapped inside, shook with anxiety.
-ha! ha! ha!
– Activate the artificial hibernation system. Molecular activity ceases. Minus 273 degrees Celsius.
– Aaaaaa!
The memory was cut off as if cut with a knife.
“Keuuugh!”
The boy held his head in a flood of false information and suffered.
“what’s the matter? are you okay?”
The moment Woodgar approached anxiously, a piece of information that was at least close to the truth flashed into the boy’s mind.
“as… … .”
“as?”
“It’s Rossi. My name will be Rossine. maybe… … .”
—————————————

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-534.txt
=============YYYYY=============
[534] Last World (2)
Woodga pointed in the direction without putting the name out loud.
“Now we have to gather from the Tree of Life. If you want to live here in the future, you better listen to me.”
When the boy did not understand, Woodgar smacked his lips.
“Well, if you receive the grace of Ra, then you will understand. Anyway, let’s go. I do not have time.”
The boy looked back at the destroyed world with a distraught expression.
‘No matter how much it perishes like this.’
Looking back at the memories before hibernation, no matter how great a disaster occurred, the world wasn’t ruined to this extent.
‘Let’s not fret. Memories will come back with time.’
Woodgar, whose expression hardened the further he went downtown, finally stopped with a pale face.
“brother… … It is a polluted area.”
The fact that the dozens of stories of buildings are still maintaining their shape was a stark contrast to the landscape of other areas.
But more distinctive than that, was the slime that covered the entire building and even the floor.
Overall, it was reddish in color, but the color was so colorful that it looked like vomit.
“Muse… … ?”
“That’s right, Mucus. If you reach here… … huh?”
Udgar realized belatedly that it was not Hamei’s voice and turned to the boy.
“Do you know Mucus?”
The boy frowned, not answering.
I don’t remember seeing such a terrifying scene, but I was strangely familiar with the red slime.
-The aftermath of resource depletion due to nuclear war… … .
-Maximizing the efficiency of biomass.
– Eliminate Mucus! The main culprit of ecosystem destruction!
A few memories flashed through me in an instant.
“Keugh!”
The boy suffered again, but the children of the sun had no more time to take care of them.
“let’s go. I’ll go first, so follow me.”
Woodgar walked down a winding path like a waterway that the Mucus hadn’t yet encroached on.
‘It’s a big deal. The road is narrower than before.’
It is not known where the origin of the mucus is or how many there are, but it is clear that they are expanding.
The average rate of expansion of slime is 1 centimeter per hour.
Although extremely slow, more than half of the world has now turned into a polluted zone.
“Brother, over there!”
In the sky that Hamei pointed out, five Rajets fled, spraying jets, and carnivorous creatures were chasing after them.
As soon as the carnivorous creature that overtook the street was gliding, the slime that covered the building stretched out like a frog’s tongue and snatched his ankle.
Kieh Aeg!
The grotesque bird, dragged into the wall by the powerful tensile force, screamed, and soon the whole body twisted and was buried in the mucus.
It was far away, but as I watched my body twist in strange shapes every second, I could hear the sound of bones snapping.
It was the reason why most creatures in the world of Apocalypse escaped from the ground and made the sky their home.
“Brother, maybe we too… … .”
“no. Mucus doesn’t react to slow-moving creatures. So you just have to go slowly. Understand?”
That’s what he said, but Woodgar’s expression wasn’t good either.
The width of the road was about 1 meter, but the bridge was heavy as if crossing a precarious single wooden bridge.
“done. It’s safe from now on.”
After leaving the contaminated area, they walked for about an hour along the road leading out of town.
Finally, I saw a dense forest in the distance.
A vague impression arose in the boy’s heart at the first green landscape he saw after waking up from hibernation.
“There is a tree of life in that forest. From now on, you have to listen carefully to what I have to say.”
Woodgar, who hastened his steps, looked around at the entrance to the forest.
“Ha-mei, can’t you hear something?”
“I can hear. A humming sound.”
“That’s Ra’s warning. It’s a sound that only the children of the sun can hear. Never go into the woods when you hear that sound.”
“What if I get in?”
“I don’t know because I’ve never been in it either, but the hyungs say it hurts terribly.”
Regardless of their conversation, the boy trembled as he looked at the fresh vegetation.
‘forest. It’s a forest.’
Another memory, not the memory from before hibernation, was flickering on the other side of his brain.
‘Why are my memories so jumbled up?’
I thought maybe it was a dream while in hibernation, but considering the minus 273 degree condition, it was impossible.
“Brother, the sound has stopped.”
“good. Then let’s go in.”
No life was to be seen in the forest except for plants.
It was strange that a forest could be created without even those common bugs, but the boy’s common sense questions were weighed down by the absurd sight unfolding before his eyes.
“This… … .”
A huge tree towered in the middle of the field.
No, can we call this a tree?
It was wriggling at regular intervals as if it had a heart attached to it, and though it was brown, if you look closely, the trunk and branches are entwined with fibers like muscles.
But what shocked the boy the most was the ‘fruit’ on the tree.
The state of development was different, but what was hanging was the fetus, not the fruit.
A human born in a tree.
They were the children of the sun, the masters of this world.
“Remember, Hamei? You too were opened there. My brothers have been collecting you.”
Hamei was just staring blankly at the tree of life.
“You can only go in and out of the tree of life twice a day. When the sound I was talking about earlier disappeared. The older brothers say that the power from the Tree of Life blocks other creatures from approaching. That’s why even Mucus can’t encroach until here.”
The fetus descending from the branches of the tree of life was connected to the crown of the head, and when it took on a fully human form, the crown stretched almost to the ground.
Woodgar crouched and approached the fetus, whose chubby buttocks were floating on the ground.
“Okay, when you’re almost on the ground, you can gather them. Then here… … .”
Leaving an extra inch of the tip, I cut it off with scissors and accepted it, and the fetus burst into tears as if in surprise.
“Eung-aeng. Ugh.”
“haha! Goon, he looks so cute. hamei, you take it This gathering is your mission.”
Hamei carefully hugged the fetus and looked down.
He was a child of the sun born by the tree of life by receiving the sun’s light.
“Hehe, it’s really cute.”
‘This is nonsense.’
The boy couldn’t believe what was happening in front of his eyes.
Even if other organisms are like that, it was absolutely impossible for humans to open in trees through natural evolution.
“By what principle… … .”
As soon as he took a step towards the tree, the boy’s five senses gave him an eerie feeling.
The sound or feeling of a thick string vibrating.
‘magnetic field… … ?’
Suddenly, my senses became sharper, and I could clearly feel even the things outside my line of sight.
It seemed that if he set his mind to it, he could even guess the number of fetuses on the tree of life.
“excuse me… … Can’t you hear anything now?”
Woodgar frowned.
It was clear that the Ancient Man brought out this time was not in very good condition.
“Withdraw from the tree of life. And don’t keep doing weird things. Because you have to go with us anyway.”
Woodga, who confirmed that Hamei wrapped the child in a bag prepared in advance and held it safely in his arms, urged the way.
“Let’s go out. We have to get out of there before Ra’s warning is heard.”
When he entered the forest again, the amount of information rushing to the boy soared significantly, but it felt rather lacking.
‘What happened to me? Why are you doing this all of a sudden?’
As the mind became more sensitive, the range of feelings gradually increased, and eventually everything within a radius of 50 meters was transmitted through synesthesia.
‘Hehehe, he’s coming here as well.’
Seven underground men who had been stationed in advance on the passing road found Wood’s party and each loaded their rifles.
Even if they didn’t have their own auditory organs to hear Ra’s warnings, they knew at least that the children of the sun would receive their embryos here.
‘It hurts if you scatter. Let’s finish it at once.’
When the captain sent a glance, the underground people sitting in the trees and waiting nodded their heads.
“Now!”
When the target came within range, the leader first grabbed a branch and hung on like a swing.
However, Udga and Hamei were already pushed into the bush by the boy.
“… … what?”
How did you know and avoid it?
‘Did you notice the latent? No, in that case, you wouldn’t have come down this road in the first place?’
“Leader! what do we do?”
The captain’s face crumpled.
“Crush it!”
“Kyaaaaou!”
The underground people screamed like monkeys, climbed tree branches, and fired rifles at them.
Woodgar, who had collapsed in the bush, screamed at the bullets that rained from all directions.
“Aaaaaa! help me!”
“calm down! We have to get out of here at once!”
The boy’s body movements, which lifted Wood and Hamei up and ran in the lead, were unstoppable even though it was the first time they had been there.
‘What is that guy? You’ve become a completely different person, haven’t you?’
In the way he did not lose his cool despite being attacked by the underground, Woodgar recalled the consul, the ruler of the colony.
“No, I am just a slave. hamay! Let’s run too!”
The children of the sun were not inferior to the boys in terms of speed, but the problem was that the physical abilities of the underground people exceeded them.
“Hurray! we are here!”
When the underground man clinging to a branch in front pulled the trigger, the boy twisted and hid behind a tree.
Too-ta-ta-ta-ta!
The vibration of the tree trunk bursting through his back, but the boy’s eyes looked around fiercely.
The movements of the enemies roaming around were so agile, it was impossible to figure out the exact number.
‘You can’t be overwhelmed by fear. I have to grasp the situation until the end to survive.’
You are not dead until you die.
As I focused my mind to take a step off the cliff, my senses became clearer.
‘Seven enemies superior to human physical abilities. It has a ranged weapon capable of destroying trees. It must be difficult to run away.’
“brother! help me!”
Looking back at the place where Hamei’s screams were heard, three underground men were running towards her.
Woodgar blocked the way, but no matter how much I thought about it, it didn’t have the durability to block the powerful killing weapon.
‘What do we do?’
Pupper puffer puck!
As splinters flew from the tree trunk, the boy who was sticking his head out hurriedly turned around.
“damn!”
Without even thinking about approaching, he was using up all the magazines without sparing bullets.
‘Very inefficient.’
What this showed was that the underground man was more like an emotional warrior than a cold-hearted soldier.
‘I can’t get out of here… … .’
When he couldn’t hear the gunfire he should have heard, the boy turned his gaze to Hamei.
Underground people were aiming their guns at a distance.
‘Why not shoot?’
The reason underground people hunt is only for eating.
If it was a helpless prey, not hurting it was the way to get more meat.
“Kikiki. Come on, I’ll put one foot in your head.”
“for a moment! I mean I like hair! Just shoot it in the heart! The heart is tough and tasteless.”
“it’s crazy? How delicious are the organs in that area. Let’s just blow our heads off!”
“I am starving to death! I’ll just do it!”
An underground man who could not hold back his hunger in front of the food raised a gun.
‘no!’
The moment he thought he had to save them, the boy’s body turned into a flash of light and flew away.
When I came to my senses, I was blocking the way of Wood and Hamei before I knew it.
“What, what! Shoot!”
The boy’s eyes widened as the panicked underworlders pulled the trigger on their rifles.
wide!
As the curtain of light pulsed with an explosive noise, the trajectory of the bullet was rapidly twisted and crashed into the trunk of a tree behind it.
The roaring harmony erased the child’s cry, and as one magazine was completely emptied, tinnitus seemed to flow through the forest.
“Uh, why bullets?”
The boy just stared at the floor, taking in the new memories echoing in his head.
– Spirit Zone. An extremely sensitive state of mind.
– Particles of God. Mass is energy.
– Crash your thoughts. it’s called the force
“Ro, Rossi?”
Woodgar’s voice brought the boy to his senses.
“… … It’s not Rossine’s.”
Then he said as he walked towards the underground people who were making blank faces.
“Sirone. My name is Arian Sirone.”
Syrone information recovery rate.
48 percent.
—————————————

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-535.txt
=============YYYYY=============
[535] Last World (3)
In the confrontation between guns and magic, the underground people tried to strike preemptively according to their inclination, but Sirone’s reason was faster than that.
‘Photon Cannon!’
As the spheres of light rushed in flashes, the seven underworlders scattered in different directions.
Too-ta-ta-ta-ta!
The forest was filled with kinetic energy that could kill people, and bullets and flashes flew nonstop, aiming at each other’s necks.
‘This is not enough.’
There was too much cover, so the rectangle didn’t come out.
‘It’s really nimble. What are they doing?’
It was a situation where you couldn’t just throw yourself into a barrel that was spraying bullets like rain while running on trees.
‘I need more power.’
After concentrating the power of the photons she floated in her right hand, Sirone leapt towards the enemy lines.
Zigzag teleportation, avoiding the fire, threw a photon cannon at an underground man hiding behind a tree.
As the omnipotence was amplified by the magic action, the tree was broken, and the underground man who was hit by the shock wave collapsed vomiting blood.
“Gagging!”
‘Now there are 6 people.’
Sirone flung herself behind a rock and fired a photon cannon at the top of her head.
The underground man who was jumping was hit in the stomach and fell.
‘5 people.’
“Leader! Surprise doesn’t work! It must have eyes on the back too!”
“shut up! Just lucky! Everyone run! Otherwise, you will starve!”
“Kiyaaaa!”
Underground people reminded of hunger flew in from all sides.
However, Sirone, who opened the spirit zone, could clearly see their trajectory.
‘oh my god… … .’
Woodgar was looking at the scene unfolding in front of him with a bewildered expression.
It’s not just because she’s strong, it’s because Sirone’s abilities control light.
For the photosynthesizing Children of the Sun, light was life, and that is why everyone followed the Archons.
“Brother, this sound!”
Woodgar jumped to his senses and shouted.
“It’s a big deal! Ra’s warning… … !”
In the meantime, Sirone, who had killed three more people, heard the Wood family’s voice coming through the tinnitus and suddenly remembered it.
‘magnetic field!’
The reason for waiting for a while at the entrance of the forest must have been because the electromagnetic field was formed around the tree of life.
“Let’s escape! I do not have time!”
After escaping from enemy lines, Sirone grabbed Udgar and Hamey and cast teleportation.
“Chase! Don’t miss it!”
“eat! I eat today!”
Because of the terrain with many obstacles, even if you cast teleportation, you couldn’t completely evade the underground people who jumped over the trees.
“hey! chasing you! hurry!”
Sirone gritted his teeth and concentrated.
As I split my thoughts to the limit, a flash of light passed between the trees like a reflection in a mirror.
As the desperate underground people mobilized all their firepower, bullet marks hit the floor and chased after Sirone like a snake.
“Aaaaaaa!”
Upon discovering the entrance to the forest, Sirone devoted herself to speeding up the connection speed of teleportation.
Then I heard a beeping sound and I got a huge headache.
“Keugh!”
After falling to the ground due to the broken spirit zone, Sirone and the others hurriedly crawled out of the forest.
“Aaaaaagh!”
When I turned my head to the desperate screams, the underground people who couldn’t get out were holding their heads and suffering.
“help me! Aaaaaa!”
It was only 30 meters to the entrance, but they could not bear the pain and did not even think of coming out.
Blood leaked out of the bloody veins in his ruptured eyes, and he suddenly let out a desperate cry and stopped struggling.
Woodgar said in a trembling voice.
“… … dead If you ignore Ra’s warning, that’s what happens.”
Then, he hurriedly turned to Sirone.
“Who are you? How do you have that ability? Not even children of the sun.”
They couldn’t understand it anyway, but Sirone had no intention of talking to them right now.
‘Magic… … .’
I lived in a world where magic exists.
However, the image of himself entering the capsule of artificial hibernation still remained in his memory.
‘Still, it’s a positive thing that new memories keep coming up. First of all, I need a safe place.’
Sirone finally looked back at the Wood family.
“Take me to where you live.”
When Sirone handed it over, Woodga nodded.
“Yeah, right. you are our slave But it’s too late to go back inside today. You won’t be able to get out of the contaminated area.”
Sirone realized what Woodgar meant when he pointed to the sun.
‘There is one way. But will it really happen?’
broad interest.
As the golden wings spread brilliantly behind Sirone’s shoulder, Hamei looked at him as if possessed.
“wow… … .”
The name of the sun called Ra by the children of the sun.
Also, as the only god who created life, it was written in the Bible that he commanded angels with wings of light with his limbs.
“Brother, maybe that person… … .”
The reason why Hamey had stopped talking had something to do with Woodgar not saying anything.
The colony already has an archon.
Since there can’t be two incarnations of Ra in one colony, I wasn’t sure if taking Sirone was the right decision.
‘No, I can’t spend the night here anyway.’
Sun children who have just been born need to be as comfortable as possible in a place exposed to light.
Udgar, who made the decision, led Hamei.
“Let’s go for now. It’s not our fault. You should report it honestly to the Archon.”
As the two held hands, Sirone looked up at the sky and struck down her wings of light.
As the air exploded with a bang and rose to a height of several tens of meters, Woodga and Hamei were startled by a flight they had never experienced before.
On the other hand, Sirone calmly looked around the landscape.
‘I’m used to it too. Then, is magic the real memory?’
As I raised the altitude, the scenery of the destroyed world came into my eyes.
Numerous creatures were flying between burnt-out matchstick-like buildings, and sparse forests were created over the horizon.
‘It’s not just one or two places like this. It’s definitely civilization.’
But again, the largest part of the field of view was the contaminated area covered in mottled mucus.
‘More than 70 percent of the city has been engulfed. What is that? I think I might remember.’
Woodgar, who had regained his composure, pointed in the direction.
“That’s our colony.”
A cross-section of a chunk of scrap metal completely filled in between the gaps hidden by the building.
“Okay, let’s go!”
Although they warned them in advance, the children of the sun could not hold back their screams at the speed of the flight as if the landscape was being sucked in.
* * *
A distance that would take half a day on foot, Sirone arrived in less than 10 minutes.
When I landed on the asphalt road, buildings that were once over 60 stories were broken in half, blocking my surroundings.
“Follow me. I’ll take you to the scribe. But once you arrive at the hive, don’t act recklessly.”
After passing through the forest of buildings, a pyramid with entangled steel frames appeared.
It was a great scale to see that it was made by humans, and barricades were installed on the outskirts.
“The gathering mission has been completed. open the way.”
As Woodgar spoke to the sentry, two burly white men punched his left breast.
“Thank you for your effort. Come in.”
The sentries were of no race, sex, or age, but they had a common feeling that something was missing in their eyes.
‘It looks familiar. Are they the ones who woke up from artificial hibernation?’
Inside the Pyrmid was brighter than expected.
Sirone looked up at the orb of light floating on the ceiling.
‘Light Magic Shining. There are wizards here too.’
Udgar took Hamei to the incubation room.
The old woman, who had been handed the newborn sun child, put the child down in a place covered with soft light, and only then did the crying stop.
“You have suffered. It must not have been an easy journey.”
“Hehe, it was okay because Wood and oppa went with me. From now on, I think I can do it alone.”
Knowing that the mission was not as easy as it sounds, the old woman just smiled gently.
“By the way, who is that slave?”
“Ah, this time I found the shelter of the ancients. Hamei found it. however… … .”
Woodgar hesitated and told the old woman what had happened at the Tree of Life.
“Hmm, that’s right… … .”
The thoughtful old woman nodded, wondering if she had any idea, and stroked Woodgar’s hair.
“Looking at it, it would be better for me to do it. Don’t worry, Hamei will tell you what he found.”
Udgar and Hamei’s faces straightened.
To be honest, I was at a loss as to how to report.
“yes. Then please.”
As the two of them left the culture room as if they were running away, the old woman suddenly turned into a cold look and said to Sirone.
“Follow me. There is a ceremony for you to perform.”
Syrone followed the old woman to the top of the pyramid and waited at the door until she finished reporting to the scribe.
Finally, the door opened, revealing a scene of a temple with a neatly laid floor unlike anything I had seen before.
There was an altar at the end of the road with burning torches, and a strong-looking man with short green hair was sitting on the throne above it.
“Arson, you are an ancient man who is said to have used the power of light.”
The scribe lowered his head, and the Archon Aroeja’s eyes pierced Sirone.
“Is what the scribe said true?”
When Sirone showed no reaction, the consul called an old man wearing a robe who was waiting in the corner.
“Priestess, investigate this boy.”
The old man approached Sirone, risking even walking, chanting something like an incantation with a sunken mouth and twirling his palms.
“This… … ?”
Sirone opened his eyes wide when he saw the old man’s palms glowing bluish.
Golden cords appeared as if wiping a frosted glass window along the spot where the hand passed.
The incantation continued endlessly, and the old man swung his hand even wider as he examined the codes surrounding Sirone.
Then, scanning Sirone’s face all the way to her stomach, the body became translucent, revealing other codes.
“Hmm, is that so… … .”
The old man held out his right hand in the air and pretended to grab it.
Then, the arrangement of a specific code was caught in the hand as a pattern engraved on a transparent band.
Then, with his left hand, he scanned Sirone’s head again to reveal the cord, then pulled the sash and connected it.
“Huh!”
At the sudden flood of information, Shirone throbbed with her limbs stretched out.
“The word of God will work miracles for you.”
Having said that, the old man turned to the consul.
“Confirmed, Archon. The language of light is written on this boy’s body.”
“It is deplorable. Why did Ra inscribe the language of light on the slave?”
When the archon turned his right hand over, a huge orb of light rose from the palm of his hand and soared to the ceiling.
‘Shining… … .’
Even in the process of merging the language of the children of the sun with the information in the brain, Sirone could clearly see the scene.
When the Shining magic was cast, everyone in the temple raised their hands and let out a roaring cry.
“You incarnation of Ra! Give us life!”
The archon raised his chin arrogantly and gave the order.
“Erase the language of light. Only those who obey us will be able to continue a life of miserable eating.”
‘Erasing what?’
Little by little, Sirone noticed the hostility in the old man’s eyes.
“Don’t resent me. The sun is one in the colony.”
The old man stirred the air with his right hand and this time grabbed the belt with the red code written on it.
Then, the light from her left hand was applied to Sirone, exposing the cord, and connecting them as if tying a belt.
“Aaaaaaaaa!”
As the tremendous shock was applied to my brain, an overwhelming flood of information filled my head.
“Be patient! For a slave, let there be only obedience!”
‘I am not a slave!’
Sirone resisted the ego-destroying code and bit her molars hard.
As the spirit zone tightened, a frame began to form.
When the overload occurred at the point where the old man’s code and Sirone’s code collided, the frightened priest shuddered.
“Oh, this can’t be… … . how… … .”
The whites of Sirone’s eyes were visible, and his eyelids trembled.
‘You have to hold on. If I can’t hold out here, it’s the end.’
Gold River Fire!
When the indestructible state of mind was established, Sirone’s eyes opened and the Spirit Zone expanded infinitely.
As the codes exploded with a bang, the priest standing nearby screamed and flew to the front of the altar.
He struggled to straighten his upper body and continued to speak the words he was trying to say with a pale face.
“How can you deny the language of God… … .”
Sirone touched the spot where the cord was connected and glared at the archon sitting on the altar.
“What are you trying to do to me?”
“… … .”
Syrone information recovery rate.
57 percent.
—————————————

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-536.txt
=============YYYYY=============
[536] Last World (4)
The atmosphere of the temple sank heavily.
“Answer me. What have you done to me? What is a slave?”
The archon had no fighting ability, but there were plenty of powerful warriors to protect the power of light.
“Priestess, call the Guardian of Ra.”
The priest waved his hands quickly, grabbed the cords in different places, and connected them in front of his eyes.
Then sparks exploded from the contact point of the code, and his figure disappeared in an instant.
‘I can do something like that.’
Soon after, the priest came back, and the door opened with a rattle, and four people entered as quickly as the wind.
“Incarnation of Ra, I follow your orders.”
The archon pointed at Sirone and gave the order.
“Punish the heretic who impersonates the name of God. The language of light never suits a slave.”
Sensing that the guardians’ prayers were unusual, Sirone focused her mind on alert.
‘They’re also something different.’
The leaders of the colony were mutants born with a 0.001% chance on the tree of life.
The types of abilities encompassed all biological, mental, and phenomenal categories, and they were those who ruled over the children of the sun with great power.
“You are an ancient. Didn’t you reject Ra’s baptism?”
Yogi, the only female among the Guardians, approached.
It was a woman with her green hair intricately knotted and attached to her head, with her bangs cut straight above her eyebrows.
“It would be brainwashing, not Ra’s baptism. What are you saying I did wrong?”
“There is only one fault.”
Yoga pointed at Sirone with the palm of her hand and said.
“Your presence.”
Eunkyung Silver.
Her arm turned to silvery metal and shattered with a clank.
“what!”
As metal shards surged like a torrent, Sirone teleported around the outer perimeter of the temple.
“I will go.”
Karof, who was standing next to Yo, loosened his neck left and right.
He was a man of medium height, with a well-balanced physique, the left and right sides of his head neatly shaved, and the top of his hair hanging down long.
“Big!”
Karof’s face contorted viciously, and hair began to grow all over his skin.
Finally, it became the face of a ferocious dog and sprang toward Sirone’s flash.
“Kwaaaang!”
When the four claws came in, Sirone, who canceled the teleportation, rolled on the floor.
“this… … !”
At the same time as he regained his balance, shards of silver mirror flew in.
‘Broad!’
The curtain of light pushed away the fragments of the silver mirror, and Karof was also beaten with dozens of sticks.
‘Photon Cannon!’
When Sirone threw the sphere of light as if grabbing it, it hit Karof’s stomach as the flash increased.
“Gagging!”
Karof, who had been pushed away, was able to put his lifted legs back on the ground only when he reached the place where he first stood.
Undressed, he knelt down on his knees, puffed out his cheeks and opened his eyes wide.
“Queueex!”
Even in the state of imitation, which boasts strong muscle strength, it could not withstand the shock and blood gushed out.
When the yoga hand sign was made, fragments of the silver mirror piled up on his shoulder and returned to him in the form of an arm.
Using her palms like mirrors to examine her face, she said as she removed the metal from her arms.
“what? You could have avoided it.”
Karof shook his head.
“That’s not the problem. the light… … .”
has physical power.
In the face of an inexplicable fact, the two Guardians who did not go to battle remained silent.
For the children of the sun, light is life.
Even without the doctrine that those who worship Ra will gain eternal life, they were a race that could not survive without light.
“Hmm.”
In this situation, only the priest who managed the doctrine could make a judgment.
‘Among the abilities of mutants, those who speak the language of light have existed for generations.’
I don’t know why, but I thought it might be because the activities of the tree of life are based on light.
‘And at this moment, a new language of light appeared. even to the ancients. Is this a revelation of Ra? or not… … .’
The priest who made the decision bowed his head toward the consul.
“Incarnation of Ra, two suns cannot exist in a colony. It may be embarrassing, but please use the power of the sun to convince the poor children.”
Since things had gotten this far, I had no choice but to ask the people in the colony which of the two lights they would choose.
“good night! When Ra is asleep, I will present the sun!”
The archons were also well aware of the nature of power.
If he retreats from here, all he will be left with is death.
“It’s three hours from now. I will tell the priests to prepare.”
The priest said so and told Sirone.
“Those who caused disturbances in the colony, I will give you one last chance. At the time when the colony is at its darkest, the archon and you will compete with the power of light. If you win, you will become the new leader of the hive, but if you lose, you will have to kill yourself.”
“I have no intention of becoming a leader. And I’m not going to kill myself.”
“Don’t be arrogant. You are impersonating Ra in strange language, but the strength of the Guardians is not all that you have experienced. If you want to live, you will have to prove yourself with all your might.”
The judgment was left to the people of the colony, but the priest had no doubts that the consul would win.
When everyone left, only the guardians remained and exchanged opinions.
“What do you think, this match?”
In response to Yo’s question, Karof said as if he had nothing to think about.
“Of course, the Archon-nim wins.”
“But the light that slave uses is strange.”
“joy! What does it matter? The reason we serve the Archon from generation to generation is because light is life. Light that destroys life is of no use to the colony.”
When Karof turned around, the other Guardians went back to their rooms, and Yoman muttered as he looked at the place where Sirone had left.
“The light that destroys life… … .”
Meanwhile, Sirone was guided by the gatekeeper to a place where she could rest.
The life of the colony, which was roughly grasped, was simple.
The children of the sun didn’t do anything, and the ancients were doing most of the chores.
When I got off the floor where the slaves were active and went downstairs, Woodgar and Hamei were sitting in a small room basking in the light.
“What are you doing here?”
Woodgar, who was trembling with an expression of joy, opened his eyes.
“what? are you okay? thank god.”
“It is not safe yet. What are you doing here?”
“What? I’m basking in the light in the sacred room. what? But if you are a slave, you should respect it. Seeing as he understands words, it seems that he has also received the grace of Ra.”
“that… … It’s just been delayed.”
“Hmm, is that so?”
Woodgar ignored it.
It probably had something to do with the consul’s solar festival in 3 hours.
“Only one person who has done something blessed can enter the sacred room. Because you can shine the light closest to you. Originally, today was a blessing for Hamei, but he allowed us to share it together.”
“Is it a blessing to be exposed to light?”
Hamei said with an ecstatic expression.
“It is the greatest blessing. When you shoot a strong light from so close, you can feel the tremendous power. It’s the best feeling in the world.”
“It takes a toll on the body if exposed to it for a long time, but the only person who can make this kind of light anyway is the Archon. Slaves are so pitiful. You can’t even feel how good this feels.”
‘It’s a strong light… … .’
Arriving at the room, Sirone was alone in her thoughts.
He could have run away now, but maybe that was what the archon wanted.
‘There is a way. No, I’m not really sure. I’d love to test it out… … .’
At that time, the cord’s belt was connected to the front, and the priest appeared.
“… … It’s time. I will go up to the top floor.”
When the priest approached Sirone and connected the cord, the scenery changed in an instant and they landed on the roof of the colony.
The Archon was warming up with his upper body muscles twitching, and four Guardians stood side by side.
I looked down and saw hundreds of children of the sun all coming out and looking up at this place.
“You incarnation of Ra! eternal life! An eternal future!”
“Listen, everyone, people of Ra!”
The ground instantly became quiet.
“Those who use the wrong language to take the name of Ra will be punished personally. From now on, I will give you the power of blessing!”
When the priest handed over the two devices connected by optical fiber, the archon held it with both hands and turned to Sirone.
“Keep a close eye on the strength of my might. If you don’t shine a stronger light than me, I will cut your neck.”
Sirone checked the device without answering.
Fiber optics were connected to the colony’s ceiling, and the trapezoidal handle glowed faintly.
‘Is it a device that transmits light?’
The Archon raised the device skyward and unlocked its powers.
“Even in the dark, the sun does not go out! I will prove it through my body!”
As the two fists glowed brightly and the light flowed along the fiber optics, the people erupted in cheers again.
“Wowaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!”
The glass spheres installed in the colony began to emit light, and eventually the entire structure glowed.
The children of the sun, who were moved by everyone, raised their heads toward the light and prayed.
“la! la! Great la!”
“It’s great too.”
Karof nodded his head in satisfaction at the banquet of light that dispelled the darkness of the night.
As long as there is an archon, the children of the sun will not perish.
This was the reason why those who had the language of light, even if they did not have combat skills, became archons from generation to generation.
Thinking he had enough skill, the archon let go of the device and the light went out.
Even so, the aftermath of emotion rippled through the night air, and people trembled for a while in the pleasure of light.
“Now, it is your turn.”
The consul laughed as if it were ridiculous and moved away.
‘It’s enough light to light up the entire colony… … .’
When Sirone appeared, people murmured.
The words were muffled, but the sound wave contained hostility.
‘I have no choice but to do it.’
Sirone’s eyes widened after concentrating.
“Heretic, hurry up and set up the device… … .”
The face of the priest who approached with the device turned pale.
Above Sirone’s head, a small light moved in a trajectory and a huge circle was born.
‘Super magic amplification, Ataraxia.’
It was someone’s ability that came to mind anew while opening Immortal Function.
As Ataraxia rotated into its completed form, the Archon instinctively sensed a sense of danger and shouted.
“It is a heretical language! Quickly bring out that slave!”
For others, it’s just a confrontation to decide the sun, but for those involved, it was a matter of life and death.
“The Archon is right. Eliminate heresy.”
Just as the four guardians were about to throw themselves at the same time, a handful of photons began to gather in Sirone’s hands.
“light?”
It was clearly light.
However, it was only enough to light up the surroundings, and even that was getting darker as time passed.
‘We need to unify the polarization direction.’
The impatient archon mocked Sirone.
“Is that just how much you impersonated Ra! There is nothing more to see! Hurry up and kill heretics!”
Just when the Guardians were about to jump out again, yoga stopped.
“Wait a minute. that something… … .”
The light, buried in the night and looking like a dot, left Sirone’s hand and began to rise upward.
And the moment I passed Ataraxia.
“Ooooooooooo!”
An enormous explosion of photons occurred in the sky.
The strength of the light emitted by the sphere of light, which was much bigger than the colony, was enough to swallow people’s figures.
The world of white paper, where one could not see an inch ahead, was filled with the shouts of people who were beaten by the pleasure of the intense light.
“Aaaaaaa! Aaaaaaa!”
Woodgar shed tears as he screamed at the pleasure to the extent that his mind was blown away.
It seemed to be spinning so fast that the blood evaporated, and it was overflowing with energy that seemed like it could explode the body in an instant.
“brother… … brother… … .”
Hamei, who was thrilled with emotion, put his hands together and raised his head in tears.
As the photons escaped, people were then able to confirm the reality of the light that went up to the sky.
“Ah, ah… … .”
“la… … Ra has descended… … .”
The sun rose above Sirone’s head.
—————————————

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-537.txt
=============YYYYY=============
[537] Such a problem (1)
After falling into the Abyss, Miro and the others walked through a destroyed world at sunset.
The fact that the end of the world was completely different from what they thought was telling us how far the future of information has jumped.
The place they arrived was a contaminated area, and everywhere they looked was painted with disgusting slime.
“Most of the city is like this. What is this?”
As Miro stomped on Mucus, slime rose from all sides and attacked her.
Rian swung his sword and cut it off, and the slime that fell to the floor soaked into Mucus again.
Marsha pulled out the smoking pipe she was holding and shouted.
“Oh really! Don’t step on it! How many times already!”
“But it is fun. Cheoltteokcheoltteok.”
said Fermi, looking across the city.
“The sun is setting. For now, I need to find a place to rest.”
Marsha approached, puffing smoke.
“The ground must be dangerous. I also care about the strange things flying around.”
“How about that cave over there?”
Lian pointed to the subway entrance installed on the sidewalk.
“It’s okay. You can’t get into the building anyway.”
Krrrr.
Then, a ground creature walked from the corner of the block.
It had only been a few hours since they arrived here, but it was an unusual event for them, who expected Mucus to drive out all creatures on the ground.
“Is it a monster?”
It had a huge face resembling a lion, its mouth was torn down to its ears, and its teeth were jagged like nails.
It was an Electric Liger, one of the few walking animals in Apocalypse.
Regardless of the Mucus covering all sides, the guy walked straight towards Miro and the others.
There was no doubt that mucus splashed, but bluish electricity radiated from the body, and it was quickly burned.
“You have adapted to the environment. First of all, it is an electric monster.”
“I will deal with you.”
As Lian stepped forward while holding the handle of the greatsword, Fermi raised his hand to stop it.
“no. Any magic has compatibility. Then I, who can use all magic, is the right person.”
At the same time that Fermi swallowed the chip, the Electric Liger charged at it, spewing electricity.
‘Lightning Thunder.’
A powerful thunderbolt thumped down three times, and the Electric Liger screamed and spread to the floor.
“Of course, a true wizard can break any match.”
Marsha pointed.
“You are laughing. Is it just because it’s a waste of money?”
“Of course, there are parts like that.”
The corner of Miro’s mouth went up.
‘A clever fellow.’
Apocalypse is a world made of code.
Therefore, Fermi was trying to determine whether the powers of the electric series were the information of the monster or the information of the world.
‘If it’s a monster’s information, electricity is immune. But Fermi’s blitz went right in. Therefore, although it is a virtual world, incarnation and law are separated just like in reality.’
Fermi thought, tapping his chin.
‘At least for us, death here means death in reality. The key is to find Sirone as quickly as possible.’
Marsha asked.
“But casino chips, how much can you swallow?”
“It can fit as much as the size of the stomach. However, if you overdo it, you may experience symptoms of headache or vomiting. Why, do you want to trade?”
“If the operation requires it. Let me think about it for a moment.”
Fermi looked closely at Marsha.
‘I said I’m an outsider.’
In the past, it was a method of extracting magic, but if you had experienced catharsis, your current abilities would likely be different.
“By the way, what are your abilities? I feel bad because I feel like I’m the only one.”
“That’s because you are a broker. Product introduction is basic. I can’t reveal yet. Do you know why?”
Fermi turned around and pointed his index finger.
“Your tattoo is pretty. What do you mean?”
A small tattoo was engraved on the back of Marsha’s left hand, who was holding a pipe.
It was a cross-shaped dagger with a handle that looked like smoke.
“It was engraved after I left Galliant Island. There are several more besides here. for example… … here.”
Marsha put her hand in the skirt dance and pushed it deep below her belly button.
“If you’re curious, can I show you? Would you like to check it out?”
Seeing Marsha’s meaningful gaze, Fermi shook his head.
“I will decline. I don’t have any hobbies like that.”
Any further interest would be a matter directly related to life.
“Stop going in. The sun is setting.”
When I went down the stairs at the entrance of the subway with Lian as the lead, the train was overturned in an endless tunnel.
Miro said, lighting up with Shining Magic.
“Fortunately, there is no mucus. Let’s not stray too far from the entrance, though.”
Kyaaaaaaaaa!
The moment he finished speaking, a terrible scream came from the other side of the tunnel.
“Help me! please!”
“let’s eat! let’s eat! We eat!”
As the incomprehensible words echoed through the tunnel, Miro and the others immediately prepared for an attack.
“Hey, hey.”
A vent next to the railroad tracks came off with a rattle, and a man peeked out his face.
“You can’t go that way. You’ll be eaten by the underworlders. If you want to live, come this way.”
‘Even if you say so… … .’
It was like no one could be trusted anyway.
“Kyaaaaaaaaaaaaa!”
Another scream made Miro decide.
“Let’s follow. No matter who you fight with, it’s better to at least talk to each other.”
‘Come to think of it… … .’
The man was speaking their language.
As the maze and the others jumped down the vent, a narrow tunnel continued.
The man who walked several tens of meters from him opened the iron door installed in the wall and said.
“Come in. This is my home.”
The house, which had been converted into an engine room, was full of objects of unknown purpose, such as digital music players and monitors.
“Honey, what’s going on?”
“A guest has arrived. Prepare the tea.”
The man who asked his wife looked back at the maze and said.
“It’s been a while since I’ve seen a human. Are you guys Abyss Walkers?”
“Abyss Walker?”
The man shook his head as if he had made a mistake.
“I mean, the people who came in through Under Coder. A normal human with no loss of information.”
Miro said.
“that’s right. And you too?”
“It was quite a long time ago. I don’t know how much time has passed in the real world.”
When the wife brought the car, the man offered a seat.
“Sit down. My name is Malta. A wizard just like you. This is my wife, Curia.”
“hello? I am a Maltese wife.”
Miro asked as she sat down on the sofa.
“Wizard? But why did you fall here?”
“The name of this world is Apocalypse. It’s part of The Abyss. Maybe it’s the same reason as you. I came here on my own to find her wife.”
Fermi realized from Curia’s unresponsive appearance even after hearing this.
‘The information is lost.’
“My wife in the real world is a vegetable. I was a pretty good wizard too, so I searched for a way in every way, but in vain. That’s why I came in, into this hell with her wife.”
“But my wife… … .”
“I know it’s fake. But what does it matter? You can’t even imagine how long I’ve been in this world. Then, all of a sudden, I had this thought. The real me would already be dead. Then everything became clear. That my place to stay is here.”
“Is there any way out?”
Malta shook her head.
“doesn’t exist. There is no way to get out of The Abyss no matter what means are used. Although some psychopath made some strange noises.”
“psychopath?”
“It was a human named Gaold. He was crazy as I could see. His hair is bald, his eyes are hollow, and his body is covered with skin and bones, so underground people won’t have anything to eat.”
Miro’s eyes sparkled.
“You met? Where are you now?”
“Already left. He said he was going back to reality, so he asked how I was going to get out. So do you know what that madman said?”
Malta spread his arms as if he was absurd.
“They say that to get out of hell, you have to go to the edge of hell. haha! Who can’t think of that?”
A small smile formed on Miro’s lips.
‘You’re still moving, Gaold.’
Even though the incarnation was asleep, the information that formed him was stretching toward the extreme even in the world of the end.
“Actually, it’s not like I haven’t tried.”
Malta unfolded a paper-sized map drawn by hand under the sofa table.
“I went out to do what he said. But he couldn’t even last a week. Outside the city, it’s all desert, desert, desert. Maybe that person is dead.”
“No, my friend doesn’t die. Until I die.”
Fermi pointed to a dot on the map.
“Is this our location?”
“yes. When I decided to live here, I researched it thoroughly. First of all, there are many underground facilities in this world. The building has hundreds of rooms. Some places are so full of mucus that you can’t even get in. They call it mucus here.”
“What’s the tree sign and the sun sign?”
“The tree of life and the colony.”
Malta told me about the race of children of the sun.
“There are 3 trees of life in this city, so there are 3 colonies. They are governed by different archons. It’s not particularly belligerent, but the problem is the underground.”
“The screams you heard in the cave?”
“okay. Its appearance is similar to that of humans, but it is nimble as if it uses schema. Since they cannot photosynthesize, they mainly hunt. They use strange weapons, so you’d better avoid them if possible.”
The man, speechless, held out his hands and said.
“You can take it if you want. It’s no longer useful to me anyway.”
“Ah, thanks then… … .”
The moment Lian reached out for the map, Fermi said.
“No, I memorized it. Let’s rest here for now, and start looking at the colony from tomorrow.”
“… … .”
Ryan’s hand was quietly withdrawn.
“It’s not a problem to take a break. You can use it as a forward base. It feels good to meet someone after a long time. Except for that madman from last time.”
“thank you. Then I’ll take care of you for a while.”
“You can use the facilities to your heart’s content. As a wizard, water is enough. I also learned how to charge electricity. There are many convenient things in this world. If you want to wash up, use the bathroom.”
Looking at Malta’s friendly smile, Marsha sucked on the pipe and stood up.
“Then I will wash first. It’s embarrassing to see if the mucus splashed.”
“Press the button and water will come out.”
Marsha, who raised her hand at Malta’s consideration, went into the bathroom, turned on the hot water, and took off her clothes.
“Whoa, I’m tired.”
Leaving herself in the water pouring from the shower, she looked at her body in the full-length mirror.
She has 7 tattoos on her body.
The back of my left hand, my right palm, between my breastbones, below my navel, inside my left thigh, above my hipbone, the last one was out of sight.
Of course, it was not actually engraved on the body, but it was a magical tattoo to activate the ‘dagger of immorality’.
‘Sirone… … .’
He was comforted by the catharsis given by a boy to the wounds he suffered from his adoptive father as a child.
-You can kill me.
Of course, the trauma has not disappeared, but I have a mindset to actively overcome the wounds of the past.
It was the value of life that cannot be converted into material things.
‘If this could pay off the debt… … .’
When eating out was lifted, the seven tattoos disappeared.
After taking a shower and wiping her body, she carefully found a new toilet she had never seen before and sat down with her chin resting on it.
“By the way, how much do you expect to receive when this job is over? I need to expand my business slowly. huh?”
After finishing her errands, Marsha looked around.
“Toilet paper… … .”
There were green and red buttons where toilet paper would normally be.
“what?”
When I pressed the green button, water with strong water pressure was sprayed from under the toilet seat.
Marsha, who flinched, stood up with a surprised look and looked at where the water came from.
“What, what? Is it a monster?”
It may not be a big deal to those familiar with it, but it was an incredibly humiliating event for Marsha, who lived in the past.
“I just… … !”
I wanted to smash it and throw it away, but I couldn’t destroy the property from the point of view of living on top of it.
“… … .”
5 minutes after that.
“Ah, cool.”
When Marsha came out, wiping her hair with a towel as if nothing had happened, Miro, who had been concocting a plan with Fermi, turned her head away.
“Is the water okay?”
“Clean. Oh right. Mr. Miro.”
“huh?”
A cunning smile like a cat appeared on Marsha’s lips.
“Aren’t you going to the bathroom?”
midnight that night.
A huge sphere of light appeared in the colony northwest of the city.

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-538.txt
=============YYYYY=============
[538] Such a problem (2)
* * *
“You incarnation of Ra! eternal life to us! An immortal body!”
As the shouts spread out of the city, the officers looked around the ground to see if there was any movement from the underground.
Since it was impossible to pour cold water on the good atmosphere, the priest came forward and proceeded with the ceremony naturally.
“From now on, I will decide the consul of the colony.”
“This is unacceptable!”
The Archon shouted with a mixture of anger and fear in his eyes.
“That guy is an ancient! They are our slaves! How could the children of the great sun be dominated by slaves!”
The people who risked their lives responded with a buzz.
Light is the only food for the children of the sun, but the situation of being dominated by slaves overnight was certainly not pleasant.
“Think! How can someone who is not a child of the sun use light? it was cheating It is not the language of God! If the ability were to disappear in the future, then what would you do to withstand the darkness?”
As the atmosphere of people being persuaded continued, a skinny man with bat wings approached the priest.
It was Ekser, one of the Guardians.
“Priest, did you see the language of God in that boy?”
While the priest was answering Ekser, Sirone approached the archon and told him not to make things too big.
“Hey, I’m not trying to get anything out of this showdown. If it doesn’t harm me, I’ll stay in this colony… … .”
Before he could speak, the archon’s throat was cut off.
When he looked up, he saw Excer floating in the sky as if standing on his hands, swinging his two swords like an X.
Landing lightly, he walked to the end of the ceiling as if he had been walking on the ground from the beginning and informed people.
“With this, the colony’s archon has been decided. If you have a disagreement, be sure to find me.”
“Waaaaaaa!”
People shouted in unison.
The sun must exist, so they had no choice.
On the other hand, Sirone was not very happy.
Just an hour ago, the fate of the consul could be judged by the fact that he had cut the head of the one he held up like the sun with a single knife.
‘Let’s accept it for now. If you want to survive here, you have to use everything available.’
Returning to the temple, Sirone sat on the throne.
Four Guardians paired up to guard the left and right sides of the seat of power, and the priest bowed his head and told them the role of an archon.
It wasn’t a difficult job anyway.
Miscellaneous work was done by the slaves, and Sirone only had to light up the colony with light magic.
On the other hand, what can be obtained is absolute power.
Just as all ants give their lives for the queen ant, which has only the ability to reproduce, as long as light enters the colony, Sirone can do everything in the sacred realm.
‘Once I got the strength to plan something. But you can’t live your whole life in fluorescent light. If I want to survive.’
We must rebuild human civilization.
Also, this was the greatest thought a human being could have in a world that was destroyed.
Sirone turned to the priest and asked.
“What is your name?”
“My name is Bebeto. I was born with the ability to see the language of God.”
Bebeto explained how guardians are born.
‘Hmm, mutant. from the tree of life… … .’
Starting with the priest, the guardians introduced themselves one by one, and finally, the tall man beat his chest and spoke.
“It is called the Tar River. A Guardian born with the ability to detonate.”
“Detonation ability?”
Targang rolled up his sleeves and showed himself.
As he clenched his fists, his muscles turned into rocks, opening small crater-like holes.
“Huh!”
With a pop, the gas exploded, spewing flames around her arm.
“I showed a weak demonstration in front of the archon, but it’s not this much for an underground person. If it’s a battle, leave it to me.”
After confirming the abilities of the guardians to some extent, Sirone nodded and descended the stairs.
“Did you say Excer?”
Sirone’s eyes flashed fiercely.
“yes. Anything you want to do?”
“Under any circumstances in the future, do not act on your own without receiving my instructions.”
It was talking about cutting down as if assassinating the archon.
“The two suns in the haona colony… … .”
“I know that. It means being cautious in the face of irreversible choices. For example, it could have been used as a negotiation tool in a conflict with hostile forces.”
There is no negotiation in the colony system.
However, since the consul’s words were law, Ekser agreed without any objection.
“I will keep that in mind.”
In any case, it was thanks to him that he was able to easily seize power, so Sirone didn’t say anything more.
“It’s late at night, so go back and rest. I will officially perform my official duties from tomorrow morning.”
Just like when they first appeared, the four Guardians disappeared like the wind, and Bebeto also disappeared by connecting the code.
Sitting alone on the seat of power, Sirone rested her chin on her chin and was lost in thought.
‘There will be a lot of work to do from now on. To achieve our goals, we need to strengthen our governance. Let’s take heart.’
It is the position of the archon that all the children of the sun look up to, but to Sirone, it was only a matter directly related to survival.
* * *
In the darkness of the underground facility, dozens of monitors turned on at the same time.
In this place, the origin of Mucus, not even animals, let alone flying insects, could come close, but the black shadows passing between the monitors were in the form of humans.
“Check the energy mass gauge. Holdings 428 percent.”
The low-pitched voice and keyboard tapping went well in the stillness.
Recognizing voices, the computer pulled up a line of programs that filled the monitor.
“The purification system is running. Code number 387.”
When I hit enter, thousands of lines of programming language went up endlessly.
The noise of the fans filling the room filled the room, and the monitors running the programs shimmered.
“complete. End of program.”
As dozens of monitors turned off simultaneously, their silhouettes also disappeared into darkness.
10 minutes after that. Hundreds of projectiles shot from all sides of the city, shooting jets into the sky.
* * *
Shoot Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!
As if a hole had been pierced in the sky, rain poured down early in the morning.
Dark clouds in the sky covered the sun, but the people in the colony came out cheering.
“rub! It’s finally raining!”
“Oh oh! great la! Bless us!”
The children of the sun filled their mouths with the water of life falling from the sky, and the slaves were carrying huge buckets of water inside and out.
“Hmmmm. Hmmmmm.”
Yo was in a good mood this morning.
It’s the same with the rain that falls in 60 days, but it’s because from today onwards, a new consul has been served.
Decorating herself with a meaningless hum from her mouth, she was looking at her face with the palms that had turned into silver mirrors when the door slammed.
“Hey, what are you doing? Didn’t you hear the magistrate’s order?”
“okay. Get out now.”
Outside the door, all three Guardians were gathered.
Targang frowned at the figure of Yo, who painted the color around his eyes and changed into clean clothes.
“what? How long have you been photosynthesizing? What’s wrong with you?”
“Never mind. let’s hurry. I’ll be late for the morning meeting like this.”
“You are the last.”
Targang grumbled against Yo’s back as he left the room.
On the way up to the temple, he found Bebeto, a priest who was walking briskly, and Karof spoke to him.
“It’s raining.”
“Heh heh, Ra is also welcoming the new archon. By the way, are you on your way up now?”
“yes. Take orders urgently.”
Bebeto licked his lips.
“I am like that too. There was nothing to do in the colony, but he said he would hold a rally every morning. Like what you said to Exer yesterday, the Archon this time definitely has a unique corner.”
No one mentioned Sirone’s origins, and Karof skillfully changed his words.
“But this time it’s a bit late. On average, it rained once every 30 days, but it seems to be getting late lately.”
The fact that there was no sea in the world of Apocalypse could be inferred just by looking at the fish in the sky, so no one knew why it rained.
Just as humans are opened from the tree of life, this too was dismissed as a miracle of Ra.
“The Guardian of the Sun is called by the Archon.”
The Guardians who entered the temple prostrated themselves in front of the seat of power.
Until now, the slaves who had served the consul were nowhere to be seen, and Sirone alone was welcoming them with solemn eyes.
“It seems like a person has changed in one day. He must not have been an ordinary person even in ancient times.”
While the priest was thinking that way, Sirone said.
“Starting today, I will actively rule as the one who commands the colony. So Guardians, attend the meeting every morning and report the results.”
Karof said with an apologetic expression.
“The Haona colony is peaceful. Also, the great incarnation of Ra does not have to go through the trouble… … .”
Sirone cut off his words and asked.
“How many colonies are there in this city?”
As the guardians looked back at each other, the priest stepped forward.
“I’m not sure, but I’m guessing around three.”
“calculation? You mean you don’t even know how many colonies live in the same city?”
“The children of the sun only obey the will of Ra. As long as there is an incarnation of Ra over there, there is no reason for us to interfere.”
‘It’s similar to an ant society.’
Even for ants of the same species, it is the queen, not the species, that ultimately becomes the focal point.
“Then, from now on, we will contact each other. Guardians, find the nearest colony and tell them that the archon wants to negotiate.”
Targang raised his head.
“I have absolutely no intention of disobeying orders, but… … Why should I?”
In an apocalypse where control is everything, meeting the sun and the sun is obviously awkward.
However, Sirone intended to change this world.
“I will propose an alliance. I can’t stay locked up in the hive forever. There are devices that can emit light outside. But there are too many dangers to try right away. I intend to do it.”
Exer said.
“Only the Archon is our light. We need no other light.”
It may be so for the children of the sun.
But then what about the ancients?
Including those who have been brainwashed, those countless people who are still asleep in artificial hibernation machines will never be happy in this world.
“Are you saying you can’t obey my orders?”
Realizing their mistake, the Guardians hurriedly lowered their heads.
In the face of the sun, the future of the race, personal questioning was a luxury.
“sorry. If so, who will you send? If you give me instructions, I will risk my life to complete the mission.”
“It’s dangerous outside the colony, so it’s best to send as many of them as possible. The three guardians are in charge of negotiations, and the remaining one guides me.”
The first instruction is reasonable, but the second was incomprehensible.
“As for guidance, where are you talking about?”
“From today I investigate the city. The sun is shining during the day, so it won’t matter if you leave the colony.”
The priest was startled and shouted.
“It’s not possible! It’s too dangerous! If something goes wrong with the archon, the colony will… … Ugh!”
Seeing Sirone’s wide eyes, Bebeto flinched.
One thing he forgot was that this archon had excellent combat skills while handling light.
‘Well, you’re the one who never gets pushed by the Guardians. How can I do this?’
The Guardians also had troubled expressions.
No matter how strong the fighting power was, it was unprecedented for the colonist, who was the first priority of the colony to be protected, to go outside.
“I will guide the Archon!”
As if breaking the atmosphere of hesitation, Yoga jumped up and said.
“Leave it to me! Underground or Mucus, I will protect the Archon under any circumstances!”
“Hmm.”
It was only then that he looked at Sirone, who had a satisfied expression on his face, and gently raised the corner of his mouth.
—————————————

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-539.txt
=============YYYYY=============
[539] Such a problem (3)
* * *
Two women appeared on the ruined road.
They were Bak-nyeo, the ninth rank of the Order of the Ten Commandments, and Shura, the seventh rank of the Order of the Ten Commandments, who had just arrived at Apocalypse.
Unlike Park Nyeo, who was barefoot in rags with her breasts half exposed, and even her hair roughly tied up in a turban, Shura was neatly dressed in a dark green dress and even shoes.
Park-nyeo would be the best fit for Apocalypse, but in reality Shura, the apostle Banya, was the one most suited to the world of lies.
“No one lives there. Where is Sirone?”
Park’s calm voice could be heard clearly even in the strong wind.
“Are you suspecting my coder?”
“Because no one lives.”
Having said that, Baknyeo stopped abruptly.
Shura, who was looking at her strangely, lowered her eyes when she heard the sound of running water on the floor.
The bridge of her nose twisted as she watched the urine trickling down between her legs.
“Smelly. What the hell are you washing?”
“When it rains. Everything is purified.”
Shura’s gaze turned to the city Park Nyeo was pointing at.
As if measured with a ruler, the sky over the downtown area was covered with rag-like dark clouds, and water was dripping as if squeezing them.
Following the physiology of nature was beautiful to see from a distance, but it was hard work for those who accompanied it.
“Anyway, Sirone is here. Can I not code the language? You won’t even need it.”
“Words convey nothing.”
It must have been Park Nyeo’s only realization, but it was an insult to Shura, who had the exact opposite tendency to her.
“okay. The beast’s head will never understand. I don’t know how I ended up on a team with you.”
The result of the vote of hands on whether or not to include Sirone in the Council of Ten was a tie, 5 to 5.
Those who voted for it spoke of Sirone’s powerful incarnation, while those who voted against it noted that it was less of an Eternal than Vanya.
Nevertheless, the reason why the Council of Ships dispatched two officers was because they had received information that Miro had set out to recover Sirone’s information.
If Elysion, the spirit of the ancients, could be recreated in Apocalypse, it would be of great benefit to the Society of Ten Presbyterians, and therefore Shura and Baknyeo were dispatched.
‘Adrias Labyrinth.’
Shura recalled her face and said.
“To be clear, the reason I was dispatched is to seal the maze. If I stick with her, she can’t handle the other side, no matter how much she calls me. So don’t even think about getting caught.”
“Can you handle the maze?”
There was a strange silence at the words Park Nyeo threw out, and after a while, Shura opened her mouth.
“Something like a dirty monkey is talking about it.”
“… … .”
It was the same silence, but the air around them shook as if they were about to explode at any moment.
Bak-nyeo’s body rotated rapidly, and a black afterimage of Bak-do flew across the landscape.
Shura raised her index finger in front of her neck and silently blocked Park Do.
“Because I can’t. Especially since this is my world.”
“… … Shall we finish it?”
One of Shura’s eyebrows twitched.
‘Sheesh, I’m an idiot for talking to a beast.’
Sura Yacha Baknyeo.
The rank is 9th, the lowest, but once burned, even the executives were reluctant to confront her axing.
“It’s done. Let’s break up at this point. Because doing something with you is really crazy. Take care and do well.”
As Shura radiated an aura and disappeared in an instant, Bak-nyeo moved toward the city as if nothing had happened.
“hungry.”
It was the only emotion she felt at the moment.
* * *
“Curia, please come to your senses!”
Malta’s voice was so loud that it leaked out of the engine room, but Curia looked at Malta as if she couldn’t understand it.
“Why the hell is that? Are you crazy?”
“I am not crazy! This is a false world! It’s fake!”
“Humanity is doomed! It’s enough to live with you! So please, wake up!”
Malta, whose heart was about to explode from frustration, let out a rough breath.
Why don’t you know?
This is just a virtual world under the undercoder.
At first, I thought that if I told her the truth, I would understand.
I thought my wife would understand everything and go back to the way she was before.
Of course, it wasn’t that she wasn’t suspicious because she was a clever woman.
However, no matter what method was used, they were unable to accept 100% of the fact that it was a virtual world.
“Malta, I love you. With you, I don’t need anything. So now… … .”
Curia hugged Malta’s neck and kissed him.
The smell of a wife, the touch of a wife.
Unknowingly, Malta, who slowly closed her eyes, accepted her information with her whole body.
‘information! information! Damn information!’
Malta, who suddenly opened his eyes, pushed his wife down.
“You are not my wife! It’s fake!”
“Hey, honey… … .”
Malta left the room and locked the door with a padlock to prevent Curia from coming out.
“honey! open it! honey!”
Malta closed her eyes tightly and ignored her voice.
Even when he took it out of the hibernation device, he discovered the possibility of returning his wife, but as time passed, her information was intertwined with the world of Apocalypse.
‘You have to isolate. So as not to be exposed to any information.’
As always, when the knocking on the door stopped, Malta sat down on the couch.
The reason I don’t even feel guilty anymore is because I ‘know’ that it’s not real.
‘It’s like a curse.’
I thought maybe it was me who had gone mad.
“what? Has anyone come yet?”
The door opened and Marsha entered.
They were four people who decided to search different areas in order to finish the investigation as quickly as possible.
“You are the first. Did you have any income?”
Marsha shook her head and went to the water purifier.
“nothing. Miro, did you find something?”
Malta stared at the nape of Marsha’s neck as she drank the water.
“I’m tired after walking around all day. I’ll go to my room and get some rest.”
“Let it be.”
Even after Marsha entered the room, Malta did not look away as if chasing her afterimage.
‘It’s real.’
She was a woman like herself, from the real world.
‘Because it’s a place where there is no hope.’
Malta got up and opened the door.
“… … Did you know?”
Marsha was sitting on the bed, holding a smoking pipe.
While looking at Malta’s lustful eyes, she did not lose her smile and said while exhaling smoke.
“I’m used to it, those eyes.”
Malta was quiet.
“You know my situation. Can’t you show mercy?”
“How about you put up with it? I don’t want to do bad things to my benefactor either.”
It was an option that Malta’s desire could not have.
“Then I can’t.”
Marsha’s smile slightly hardened as the spirit zone of Malta pushed through synesthesia.
‘this person… … It’s definitely strong.’
Malta is fast approaching.
“Accept it. In reality, he is a wizard who has reached the official level 4. Except for a woman named Miro, no one in the party will beat me.”
That’s why it is now.
“Whoa, aren’t you ignoring me too much? Mr. Miro is great, but I was also good in the past.”
“The fact that he talks a lot is proof that he is nervous.”
Marsha asked for a smoking pipe.
The act of smoking would be reminiscent of the act of sucking, but she took advantage of the gap and threw the pipe.
‘Now!’
I cast teleportation and flew in front of the door, but Malta was already blocking the entrance.
It was an impossible reaction if it had not been foreseen in advance.
“It was pretty. But isn’t that too shallow?”
When Malta held out her hands, a powerful air pressing hit Marsha.
Marsha flew parallel to the ground, crashed into the wall, and fell again with a thud.
“Keugh!”
Malta looked down at the fallen Marsha and said.
“I hope you don’t resist. The person you are dealing with is not a barbershop.”
‘I’m not a barbershop, so do you do this?’
Marsha desperately swallowed the swear words that came out.
This is because she knows that it is useless to say anything to a man whose desire has been turned on.
‘It would be enough if I spread it like this.’
Marsha let out a sigh of resignation and stood up with both hands.
“okay. Let’s end it well. Because I don’t want to die either.”
When Malta looked suspiciously at her, she turned around.
“What are you doing? I’m so scared, would you like to hug me?”
Malta’s eyes lit up with anger, and she hugged Marsha from behind and kissed her on the neck.
“Don’t be too rough.”
Marsha, who covered the tattoo on the back of her left hand with her right hand, activated the dagger of the regulation eating out.
The tattoo glowed, and the materialized black bladed dagger was grasped in his right hand.
‘Though I’m a bit rough.’
As Marsha quickly twisted her body and swung her dagger, Malta leaned back with calm eyes.
“I should have told you, but it’s not a barbershop.”
Malta grabbed Marsha by the wrist holding the dagger and pressed Marsha by the nape of her neck with the other hand and pushed her toward the wall.
Sparks flew in Marsha’s eyes, who shot the back of her head.
Then, as I plunged my slender wrist into the wall, the dagger escaped from my hand and disappeared before it even touched the ground.
“I knew you were an outsider. Also, being obsessed with that means that you are from a street where you have not even learned the 36 types of prescribed magic. What if I get stabbed with that dagger?”
“okay. I’ll tell you. So release me.”
“You don’t even need to know. Either way, it will be fatal. I’ll cast a sleep spell, so be gentle. It will be good for you too.”
Marsha gritted her teeth and scratched the tattoo on her right palm with her finger.
Another dagger materialized.
“Isn’t talking a lot a sign that you’re nervous?”
The moment Malta’s eyebrows twitched, she kicked him in the groin and slammed the dagger into the scruff of her neck with all her might.
“Aaaagh!”
Surprised, Malta grabbed Marsha by the scruff of her neck and threw her to the other side, and she hurriedly left the room, gasping for breath.
“damn! Bitten by a rat!”
Malta’s eyes, which were confirmed from the wound, shook in shock.
“What, what?”
Black gas was constantly spewing out of the black scabbard on his neck.
‘It’s not a physical ability.’
The dagger was gone and the blood stopped flowing, but the feeling that something kept slipping out of his body was really unpleasant.
The dagger of the rule of eating out.
It is a mental model of the knife that Marsha used to kill her adoptive father. The core concept is to recognize the human body as a gas cylinder of desire, then sheath it and pull it out.
The amount of desire leaking out of one scabbard was 1% per minute, and it was a powerful ability that arithmetically lasted 100 minutes, causing any target to fall into a state of exhaustion.
‘Dangerous. To cancel the eating out rule, I have to find it first.’
Malta noticed that the smoke from his throat was escaping from the room and was bending somewhere.
It was a rule of thumb that even a superior opponent could be exhausted if stabbed even once, but the gas of desire was always directed at Marsha, so there was no choice but to expose her position.
‘The cost of eating out of the rules. If this is the concept, would the law of destruction be limited to finding and killing?’
Malta’s mouth was torn viciously.
If he refrained from attacking magic to establish physical relations, he would be defeated, but from now on, there was no reason to hesitate.
‘wait. I’ll kill you in one second!’
After leaving the room, Malta turned his head in the direction of the smoke.
Smoke was streaming out of the engine room, followed by the sound of a door closing.
‘Using the darkness?’
It would be much harder to spot the black smoke in a tunnel without light.
Only then did Malta realize and screamed, baring his teeth.
“What a F*cking girl!”
—————————————

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-54.txt
=============YYYYY=============
[54] Overflow (4)
Sheena was determined to be weak.Cyrone, who awakens the emotional function, may fall into overflow.Etella said she could overcome it on her own, but if what she feared became a reality, Shirone’s life would be miserable.
Please enable JavaScript
While I was lost in thought, Eastas stopped.She went in without delay.Walking along the corridor, I opened the iron door with the sign of the Psychic Research Society of Supernatural and Psychological Sciences.
The children sat among the white smoke.Sure enough, when she saw her relaxed smile without a sign of surprise, she burst into anger again.
It was a familiar scene for her.The difference was that all the people who had clashed enough were now graduated, and that Shironet was newly added to the place where they were.
“Why do students change whenever they join this research group?”and no one else, but Shirone.”
He usually smiled brightly and greeted me, but now he had a perfect poker face.I expected it, but I couldn’t help feeling a little disappointed.Next to Ned, who was proudly crossing his legs, was Ruki, who leaned back against the chair and raised his head to the ceiling.She laughed and entered the atmosphere of pushing the teachers away just with her attitude.
“You don’t even say hello to the teacher?”These things…”
“I was so absorbed in the discussion that I was distracted.Welcome.”
said Ned, with a cold look.The research group, a self-organizing organization of students, was able to grow to one of the pillars of the magic school community by adhering to a method of thoroughly wary of interference from teachers.It couldn’t have been good to ignore such traditions and question them.
“Hmph. School is a school and research group is a research group, right?’
But today was the last time I was full of energy.The teacher’s meeting had already failed to approve the dissolution of the research group, and the teacher in charge, Etella, had reached a convincing agreement.
“What’s the matter, sir?”These days, I’ve been quiet without any accidents.”
“I got an official letter about the research group.I’ve come to tell you in person.”
“Well, come on in.though shabby.”
Ned shook a seat off the sofa with his hand.It was as if nothing had been stabbed.
“Thank you. Why don’t you give me a cup of tea?”
“Can you trust me to drink my tea?”You know, if Eastas moves, no one will be able to find it.”
Sheena laughed at me with one eyebrow raised.I already knew that there was no cold water in such a shabby warehouse, let alone a cup of cold water.Even though I didn’t like what they did, I didn’t hate them because they showed such wit.
“Yes, sir, you’re a little anxious, too,”Then I’ll just get to the point quickly.I want you to return the lab within a month.”
Ned’s eyes widened.He immediately returned to his student status with the same sound as a bolt from the blue, and asked.
“What? Return?Why all of a sudden?”
“After reviewing the papers, they didn’t meet the required number of members this semester.The school has already cut off the subsidy.So I’d appreciate it if you could arrange it within a month.”
“Wait a minute! Sirone has come in now!”From three people, it can be recognized as an official research group.”
“But isn’t there no activity?”If you want to save the research group, you have no choice but to produce research results within a month of maturity.Of course, I don’t know what kind of research I can do in the field of supernatural things.”
“That’s far-fetched!”Just because it’s a research group doesn’t mean you have to hold a presentation!”
“It’s a special situation.The lab is in Eastas, and it’s infamous.Few research groups are as inactive as you are.The reason why I gave you a month was because Mr. Etella asked me to.I’m very grateful.”
Shironet was stunned.Now that I’m starting to love the research group little by little, I can’t believe it’s suddenly dismantled.
“But there is one way to save the research group.”
Ned pressed his face in a hurry.
“What’s that? What should I do?”
“Let’s get Shirogane out of this research group.Then I’ll close my eyes at least until the next semester.”
“What?”
Ned rose, as expected of Sina.
“No way!I didn’t force Shirone to come, and the three of us are friends who always hang out at school.”Why do you keep trying to tear it apart?”
said Iruki.
“Don’t worry, if I missed the lesson.When it comes to studying, we stick to our own ways.”
Shironet could not sit still and listen.
“I feel the same way.I know that the research group is notorious, and I know that Yuruki and Ned are not faithful to their lessons.However, they are also doing their best in their field.I’m not wasting my time.So please be kind to me.”
Knowing that Cina cared for Shirone very much, Ned looked forward to it, just in case.But she stuck to her principles and said straightforwardly:
“It’s no use saying that.More than anything, Shiro, it’s a decision I made for you.”
“What do you mean a decision for me?”I think I’m doing my best”.
“What has been going on with you lately, Shiro?”
Shirone’s heart sank.Ned and Iruki also avoided looking at Shina.
Sheena saw their reaction and knew it.As expected, he told his friends everything.
“You’re so mean, aren’t you?In particular, Ruki, you would have known that Shironet might have fallen into an overflow, but why didn’t you tell the teacher?”
Shirone looked back at Iruki.
“Irookie. What’s overflow?”
“It’s just… It’s nothing.Should I say that it happens when you wake up higher than the current level?I did it when I was eight.”
Sheena was not satisfied with Iruki’s explanation.
“If you fall into an overflow, your mind may collapse.I heard a story from Mr. Etella about the facial function.If you miss the timing, you may not be able to recover.”
Shirone bit his lips and thought.Even now, she has nightmares every night and suffers from a sense of portrait.Sometimes I was worried that I might go crazy.If this situation persists, there was no guarantee that it would not.
Shironet asked Iruki again.
“Well, how was it?”In your case?”
“Well, I really didn’t have much.It was a little scary.I told my father that you were always like that, and that’s how you should live your whole life.”
Sheena looked puzzled.I can’t believe that’s what my little son says when he cries.However, considering who Iruki’s father was, it was understandable.In any case, it was undeniable that his father’s neglect played a part until Yi Ruki’s eccentric personality was formed.
She asked Ned, feeling as if she were grasping at straws.
“Nade, what do you think of yourself as a friend?”
“Hahaha. I don’t know.I don’t know what overflow feels like.”
When she heard her friends’ experiences, she sighed, expecting Shirone to change her mind.Still, Shirone will follow his own will, for he has imprinted the danger.
“Anyway, for that reason, Shirone will withdraw from the research group.If you have a heart for your friends, admit it.The most important thing now is the state of Shirone’s mind.”
said Ned, with a reluctant look.
“Isn’t that the teacher’s judgment?”I don’t think so.
Sheena sighed frigidly.Being stubborn even though you knew your friend’s condition was far from friendship.
“You don’t understand the fear of overflow.I’m sure Iruki will allow it.”
“No, I’m a little strange, aren’told you.Either way, Shiro’s own business, right?I don’t know why you care so much.”
It was a cold word to be said among friends.But this was the reason why they were friends.The fact that Shirone, the party involved, was not disappointed was proof that their way of thinking was based on the same rationality.
“Then you mean you don’t mind if Sirone goes crazy?”
“There’s no reason to be bad.But rather than that, I think Shironet can overcome it.It’s a lot to bear since I’ve decided to be the best on this floor anyway.”
Ned answered.
“I feel the same way.Come to think of it, aren’t you favoring Sirone too much?It doesn’t matter to us, but it can be quite burdensome for us.”
Ned thought for a moment, then added, his eyes shining.
“There is even a rumor among the students that the teacher sees Shirone as a man.”
Of course, such rumors have never spread.However, this method was the best way for teachers to take medicine.Sheena was not easy either.She had clashed with the Dark Research Society for many years and had not nodded despite more severe rumors.
“Let’s say so.Then I can take on the role of Sirone now, right?”
Even teachers cannot arbitrarily withdraw students from the research group unless they violate the school rules.In this case, Nade’s consent was urgently needed as the research chairman’s decision was more important than the steering committee.
“Don’t force yourself.Does that mean the rumor that the teacher sees the student as a man is true?”
“If you think so, feel free to think so.I won’t give in.”
“Really? Then you can go out with me, too?”
Sheena shook her head as if she didn’t even want to imagine it.
“No, that would never happen,”
“Look, sir, what you say is contradictory.After all, you have a partiality for Shirone.”
“I mean, Shiro’s good and honest, and he’s very popular, so that kind of rumor could spread.But you’re not, are you?”
“Can I be hurt now, sir?”
“No, I can’t.Listen. It’s useless to trap me like this.Even if I’m in my senior year, I never see my student as a man.But if I were to take Shirone, I wouldn’t mind hearing such a misunderstanding.Shirone needs constant attention.You’re the ones who’re pushing it.”
Instead of Ned, who was speechless, Iruki stepped up.
“I know you’re worried, but if you can’t get over the overflow anyway, that’s the limit.You’re not going to die.Isn’t it reasonable to believe in Shironet?”
“You’re not going to die?I wouldn’t do this if it were another matter.But it’s a mental function.There is no guarantee that the worst will not happen.”
“I suppose so, but it hasn’t happened yet.I feel that Mr. Cina is too worried about an uncertain problem.This is not an interest, but an obsession.”
“Obsession?”
Sheena swallowed her saliva.I felt as if I had been exposed to the pain inside me.Perhaps Iruki’s words are not wrong.The darkness that came suddenly in her childhood had a bigger wound in her heart than the overflow.
“Now that you mention it, I think it’s my problem.”
Shironet took advantage of the silence to speak.
“I’m all right.To be honest, I’m scared, but I want to watch it more than that.I don’t know what will happen to me.And I don’t know if I can get over it.Even if you fall into an overflow, you will never resent your teacher.”
Shironet’s words reminded Shina of a dim memory.The man who saved himself from hell said the same thing.
– Sheena. Look straight at what’s coming to you.No matter how scared you are, don’t turn away.Just because you close your eyes doesn’t mean it’s gone.
Go away! You don’t know anything!
“If I had the courage to do so…”….’
=======================================

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-540.txt
=============YYYYY=============
[540] Such a problem (4)
As Marsha ran through the tunnel after leaving the engine room, a roar of anger was heard from behind.
“I will kill you!”
Throwing herself off, Marsha hid herself between the railroad tracks and the platform.
‘I stabbed him once.’
Two daggers have been consumed so far.
Once materialized, the tattoo disappears and can only be recreated after 24 hours.
‘Five bags left.’
She reached deep into her left thigh and pulled out another dagger.
The gas emission is 1% per minute, so it takes 100 minutes to completely exhaust it, but it was impossible to last that long.
‘I have to poke at least two more times.’
At 3 percent emissions per minute, even at full saturation, it can be exhausted in 33 minutes.
As the tunnel shimmered with an uneasy red light, Marsha hurriedly flew to the other side.
At the same time, a huge fireball smashed the train.
“crazy… … !”
Marsha, feeling chilled, climbed onto the platform and ran through the complex road.
“Do you think you can run away!”
Malta cast teleportation and came up on the platform.
However, at that point, the ejection of gas stopped and the black smoke disappeared.
“what?”
The last trace of smoke I saw was going around the corner, but I didn’t dare to approach it.
‘The scars still remain.’
If so, it is an application of eating out of the regulations.
As expected by Malta, Marsha hid under the escalator while temporarily suspending her magic.
If the spirit zone is blocked, the dagger of the spirit will disappear and the gas of desire will also stop erupting.
‘Now four sacks… … .’
I couldn’t even use it and one bag disappeared, but it was only the result.
“come out! You are so cowardly as if you were from the street!”
‘You’re talking nonsense.’
As if to prove that it was a provocation, Malta was protecting her body with her passive magic and exploring her surroundings only with her Spirit Zone.
‘It means to increase the agility of the counterattack.’
When Marsha, who had approached by teleportation, activated the dagger on the wheel, the gas began to erupt again.
As she rolled over like a cat to avoid Malta’s magic, she cut her ankle and opened a new wound.
‘Did you pierce the earth skin?’
The dagger of the parrot ignores physical defense.
“Kyaaak!”
A powerful air press pressed Marsha to the floor.
A spine-shattering shock rushed in, but there was no time to feel the pain in front of the fireball blazing in Malta’s hands.
An explosion erupted with a bang, and Marsha ran out of range as she tackled Malta’s waist.
‘At this interval, range magic cannot be cast.’
The dagger was lodged in Malta’s side.
“Annoying girl!”
Malta, who had punched Marsha’s chin, grabbed her wrist and pulled it off. Marsha turned her other hand behind her back and pulled out the dagger of her hand from her hip bone.
“Yaaaaa!”
It stabbed his side like crazy, and in an instant, 4 more sheaths were added.
“Damn it!”
When Malta prepared for damage and cast fire magic, a popping explosion occurred and the two flew to the other side.
“Huh… … .”
Marsha shuddered at the pain that seemed to melt her skin.
‘Seven with this.’
At 7 per cent gas per minute, Malta would be over in about 10 minutes.
“Oohhh!”
It was a terrible thing for the victim to see black gas emanating from his body.
Malta’s Hellfire, with all its might, devastated the inside of the subway.
“ha! ha!”
As time passed, Malta felt that her energy was declining, and finally guessed what the ability to eat out was.
‘It was something like that.’
Thinking there was no time, Malta pushed harder and finally drove Marsha to a dead end.
“Die, fool!”
Two huge pillars of fire twisted like a twist and came together over Malta’s head.
“Huh uh uh uh!”
Then Malta’s eyes widened and the magic disappeared.
“Time over.”
Malta, who had blown out all the gas of desire, knelt down helplessly with a thud.
My body felt weak as if I had been running on a mountain all day.
“Keugh! To someone like you I… … .”
Marsha approached, clutching her burnt right arm. She then looked at Malta for a moment and then she kicked him hard in the jaw.
“Ouch!”
He fell over without even the strength to hold on and fell on the back of his head to the floor and passed out.
“What are you doing with your hands down?”
Marsha sighed and walked towards the engine room, dragging Malta.
When the party returned, Marsha treated the burned area with Fermi’s healing magic.
After accusing Malta, Miro ordered Lian to take out his wife who was locked in a room and kneel in front of her husband.
“honey! How did this happen? honey!”
No matter how fake it was, it was embarrassing to say it in front of his wife, so Malta couldn’t open his mouth.
“It seems that your husband harbors a grudge against our group. Have there been any records like this in the past?”
Hearing Fermi’s words, his wife looked shocked and dazed.
“honey. Is it true? really… … really that girl… … .”
Malta shouted with her eyes wide open.
“What are you doing! rather kill it! I’m sick of living in this crappy world anyway!”
“It can’t be. This would be a good case.”
Miro asked, looking back at Fermi.
“What are you thinking?”
“Leave it to me. It’s a great opportunity to see how Minority Conception combines information. Let’s take a look at her wife’s reaction while torturing Malta. Let’s try the opposite case.”
“That’s not allowed.”
Rian objected as if there was no need to go through his brain.
“No? why?”
“Because it is cruel.”
“Ha ha ha ha ha!”
Fermi laughed really stupidly.
“Aren’t you misunderstanding something? I’m not trying to punish you. After all, this is a world without laws. It’s just a good chance to predict Sirone’s condition.”
“I never thought of that. The important thing is that her wife is not at fault.”
“Then think about it. Don’t be stupid.”
said Fermi, patting his head.
“We know this place is fake. That is, it is ‘open’. The Maltese wife, on the other hand, is ‘locked up’.”
Only being locked up is the truth.
“The quality of the information you receive is completely different depending on what state you are in. So what about sirone? It is ‘locked up’. We are taking in the information of this world meaningfully. Therefore, it is likely to be different from the Sirone we know in terms of personality and temperament.”
Fermi pointed to his Maltese wife.
“Even while living with my husband, the information was not completely restored. Because you’re locked up. Therefore, I have no choice but to apply a bigger impact than that, rather than ‘encounter’.”
Fermi clicked his tongue as if he were tired and grabbed his wife’s head.
“I will take you to your room. there I… … .”
Fermi, who stopped talking when the greatsword suddenly appeared in front of his eyes, turned his head with a cold expression.
“no. No matter how you think about it, this isn’t it.”
“… … Are you really stupid? It’s not even a microbe, so how can you think of it like being trapped in an open state?”
“It is not a matter of status. Real or fake, I cannot tolerate myself bullying someone who is not at fault.”
“It’s hard to come out like this uncooperatively.”
“I will cooperate. I will bring Sirone back, even at the cost of my life. So can you trust me this time?”
Lian and Fermi had a long snowball fight in that state.
“Whoa.”
Finally, Fermi raised his hands and stepped back as if he had lost.
“All right. It’s really frustrating. Are you Sirone’s friend?”
“Sirone is smart and cold-hearted. I’m sure more than you. but… … .”
Lian also took the greatsword.
“Sirone would have made the same judgment as me.”
A moment of silence ensued.
“Well, maybe. I apologize for doubting your friendship.”
The retreating Fermi suddenly turned around.
“But I am not Sirone.”
When the air cut magic was cast from Fermi’s hand, Malta’s throat was cut off.
“Honey oh oh oh!”
Ignoring his wife’s screams, Fermi grabbed Malta’s hair and pushed his face in front of him.
“Now, can you see? This is her husband’s face. died because of you Do you remember anything now?”
“Quaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa! Kyaaaaaagh!”
“You can scream as much as you like. But think about it. you are fake The real one is already dead.”
“Oh no! It can’t be! my, i… … .”
My wife looked up at the ceiling with a shocked face.
“The plant man… … ?”
Fermi’s eyes sparkled.
‘This is it!’
As his wife immediately lost consciousness and collapsed, Fermi muttered with his chin resting on his face as if he was sorry.
“Shock equivalent to death, or more. It’s quite difficult, but still… … .”
“You bastard!”
The moment Lian rushed at him with a greatsword, Marsha ran up to him and hugged him.
“Wait, Lian! Be patient!”
“Let go! Are you sure you are on the side of that child?”
“I thought the same as you! But you did it once! Be cool! I’d rather… … .”
“Aaaaaaa!”
Lian shook off Marsha and ran.
‘Cool! cool-headed! efficiency! efficiency!’
The wizard’s words are always right.
But then what to do with these seething emotions that seem to explode in your heart?
“I will not forgive you!”
As the greatsword fell toward Fermi, dozens of palms appeared like illusions and grabbed the blade.
As Miro stretched out her arms, Lian flew to the end of the living room and landed with her sword pointed.
“What is it? If you’re going to do something cool too… … .”
“no. I fully understand your feelings. But I want you to know this. If you kill Fermi, Sirone will never come back.”
“no. I will save Sirone.”
“Then stop even more. Because time is running out.”
Lian lowered his sword and asked.
“What are you talking about?”
“Even if Syrone’s information is 100% restored, there is no guarantee that the signature on the contract will be valid. Is that what you’re thinking, Fermi?”
“yes. The first thing I realized after coming here is that even in a virtual world, incarnation and the law are separate. That gives us two reasons to find Sirone as soon as possible.”
Fermi spread two fingers.
“First, if Sirone gets into an accident or dies, the information cannot be reunited. This can be verified by killing a Maltese wife.”
Fermi continued before Lian fired back.
“But the chances of that happening are extremely low. In fact, even if we don’t go looking for it, Sirone will be found soon. I hate to admit it, but he’s incredibly quick at judging situations. Even if it is abandoned in the desert, he will build a sand castle and live.”
Even Ryan acknowledged that.
“The information from Apocalypse will change Sirone endlessly. It’s because you’re locked up. If it’s a dangerous world, there’s plenty of potential for magic to manifest itself. Maybe even go as far as using magic just like in real life.”
Marsha said.
“But even so, it’s not the real Sirone.”
“You will be surviving by making the most of the situation. If it were me, I would. If you can afford it, you can actively promote something. We’ll meet anyway. However, it is Sirone of Apocalypse.”
“Whoa.”
Fermi looked back at the sighing Lian.
“Now do you understand? The Maltese wife is important information. If Syrone is completely reconstructed from Apocalypse, the only way is to make her realize that this place is fake. But that is, for sure, crazy.”
Miro said.
“It’s easy when you put it into practice. Even if someone says the real world is a lie, we will never accept it.”
said Fermi with a shrug.
“yes. That’s a problem.”
—————————————

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-541.txt
=============YYYYY=============
[541] Forbidden Shrine (1)
Washing herself with the water pouring from the shower, Miro closed her eyes and thought.
‘It’s getting more and more embarrassing.’
Malta died and his wife was expunged after Fermi’s experiments.
Rian thought that was also murder, but it wasn’t just because of Sirone that he finally kept his mouth shut.
open state.
Everything except the Abyss Walker was false, and it was just an information object without life from the beginning.
‘It’s the same with Sirone.’
If you encounter him, in the case of the Maltese couple, you will regain some of your memory, but in the end it was just a distorted memory.
“Miro.”
When Miro opened her eyes at the voice she heard in the bathroom, Arius, who shimmered like a ghost, appeared and prostrated herself.
“Did you come in after all?”
“We are only passing information through the code. But this won’t last long either.”
It meant there was no time.
“Yes, tell me.”
“Sirone is currently located in the northwest colony of the city. But I couldn’t get detailed information because of the firewall. It seems that there are coder talents there.”
“Is that the mutant Maltese said?”
“Maybe.”
“How is Sirone?”
“The flow of information is seamless. But as for the mission… … Not good.”
Just as Fermi expected.
“Right.”
“Search around the colony. Then you will be able to find Sirone.”
“It’s a colony. Words must come through Their language, can you code?”
“it’s possible. I just need to inject my information. But I will never come here again.”
“doesn’t care. Please code the party as well.”
Arius bowed his head.
“… … Be careful. A while ago, two new pieces of information were added to Apocalypse. A perfect incarnation, not a minority concept.”
“Abyss Walker. But what are you telling me to be careful about?”
“I couldn’t figure out the exact entity, but when I first came across their code, I… … .”
Arius raised his head and said.
“I thought there were two more Miro-sama.”
Miro’s hand, which was washing her body, stopped abruptly.
“It is such a strong incarnation. Currently, they are split in two, but if they run into each other, even Miro-sama would be uncomfortable… … .”
Miro wasn’t offended.
“Is it the Ten Commandments? But why are they here?”
There was only one answer.
‘He’s thinking the same thing as Uorin.’
Miro turned off the shower and turned around.
“I get it. From now on, I will take care of it, so code it.”
“Please preserve the jade body.”
Arius’ vision disappeared as it turned into a code of symbols and numbers.
* * *
The rain that had fallen all night had stopped and the clear sun rose in the sky of Apocalypse after a long time.
Sirone and Yo, who left the colony early in the morning, decided to explore the downtown area deeper than yesterday while the day was clear.
“It’s raining.”
Shirone said while looking at Yo who smiled pleasantly.
“But without water, survival is impossible.”
“are you okay. Stored water can last for a month. I love the sun.”
A blush bloomed on Joe’s face.
“and… … I like the light of the archon.”
Sirone floated the Shining magic above her head.
It was raining yesterday, so I cast it as part of a strategy, but this time it was just a joke.
“iced coffee! So good!”
“Yo has a lot of appetite.”
Yo understood the ancient joke.
“haha! that’s right. Actually I… … .”
The moment Yoh saw Sirone’s cold eyes, he stopped talking and focused his attention on his surroundings.
‘It’s a surprise.’
Bullets rained down from all sides at the same time as she activated her silver mirror and blocked Sirone’s way.
Underground people could be seen between the sparkly metal arms.
“I will eat! Something to eat!”
Even at a rough count, the number was over 40.
“It’s a combat unit! Hide behind me!”
It was a yo that had to be protected as much as the consul under any circumstances, but Sirone jumped out as if there was no need to worry.
‘Santan movement!’
Sirone, who had turned into a photonized state, split into eight directions as if exploding, firing photon cannons in all directions.
From there, when teleportation was linked again, the flash of light entangled like a net, devastating the surroundings.
“wow… … .”
Yo, who was stunned for a moment, turned his head to the sound of an engine coming from the alley.
“Hahaha! It’s a hunt, a hunt!”
A jeep with a machine gun appeared, escorted by seven motorbikes, and his men were delighted.
“Taejang!”
Sirone opened her eyes wide when she saw an underground man twice as tall as the driver.
“How can you… … .”
It was impossible to estimate the average size of an underground person.
“It’s Taejang. He is the head of a combat unit.”
“Let’s avoid it for now.”
As Sirone spread his wide wings and took Yo in his arms, the jeep’s machine gun turned sharply and black bullets quickly followed.
“Aww!”
Yogi shouted as he soared over the roof of the building.
“Arson! under!”
Taejang was chasing the wall with unbelievable agility.
‘What is it?’
The moment the rifle was fired, Sirone used the rainbow drop to fall down the railing.
“Yah-ho-oh!”
Then Taejang, who was very excited, turned around and threw himself into the place where Sirone was.
‘crazy… … ! It’s on the 20th floor!’
“Ha ha ha ha ha!”
As if he hadn’t thought about falling, the captain pointed his rifle down and fired bullets like mad.
When Sirone, who had given up teleportation, activated her berserker, the light curtain subtly twisted the bullet’s trajectory.
“Huhhhh!”
The sight of bullets was a terrible fear.
‘Calm down! If you miss the point of the fall, it’s the end!’
He just hoped that the bullet would not bend to him even by mistake.
Sirone, who cast teleportation again just before collapsing to the ground, turned at a right angle and slid on the ground.
“Damn it!”
Later, when Taejang arrived at the same spot and twisted his body, he heard a thud and his body rolled on the floor and crashed into an old vehicle.
“Aaaagh!”
“Taejang, are you okay?”
A jeep and motorcycle squad came out to meet them.
Taejang, who distorted his face like a gorilla, got into the jeep pushing his dislocated shoulder.
“go! It’s a feast today!”
“Kyayayaya!”
Shirone’s spine shuddered at the sound of the hordes of monkeys rushing in from afar.
‘They’re really dangerous. Physical abilities, as well as weapons, are comparable to the power of magic.’
No, maybe his own magic is equivalent to their weapons?
Setting aside the confusion of memories, Sirone said.
“I can’t get away with it. Is there no choice but to fight?”
“There is one place, where they can never enter.”
“You can never come in?”
“Yes, probably. Because I don’t want to go in either. We call it the Forbidden Shrine.”
“Is it a dangerous place?”
“I don’t know. It’s a contaminated area, but I heard no one has been there since a very long time ago. I feel weird right now too.”
‘Hmm, I’m fine… … .’
If it was a meme that could be used in a destroyed world, Sirone didn’t have to worry.
“Let’s go there, guide me.”
Yo was erratic, but he did not disobey the consul’s order and pointed in the direction.
“It’s over there.”
The destination was the tallest building in the city.
It was a building completely covered in mucus, so there was not even a trace of destruction.
“surely… … I do feel a sense of incongruity.”
Apocalypse humanity would have been even more ominous.
“But Mucus is in the way?”
He broke the silver mirror of yoga and said.
“It’s best not to touch it, but when I’m in a hurry, I sometimes open the way this way.”
As the fragments of the silver mirror scratched the mucus on the floor, the slime wriggled like a creature and began to retreat.
“There it is!”
As the underground people pursued from the other side of the block, Sirone pulled Yo and cast a berserker.
“let’s go!”
As the curtain of light pulsed, the path to the entrance opened wide.
“Don’t miss it! shoot! Shoot!”
The jeep stopped in front of the building at the same time Sirone and Yo entered the door without even looking back.
“Do you have to enter the forbidden holy ground? Cowardly children.”
“Taejang, what should I do?”
Two adults can feed a combat unit and have enough leftovers.
But even if he jumped off the roof of the building, he never wanted to enter this place.
“I can’t. Give up. Let’s find another game.”
The engine roared away, and mucus dripped from Mucus with a slam against the tombstone erected next to the entrance.
Fairy Biomimetics Lab
* * *
Aaaaaaang.
Miro and the others stopped walking and looked back at the explosion heard from across the city.
“what? Is it a battle?”
Then came the noise of shooting.
“Let’s go. It seems pretty intense.”
Knowing that Sirone was in the colony, it was something he couldn’t just ignore.
Skipping the streets all at once with the labyrinth’s spatial movement, they ran in the direction the gunfire was moving.
“It’s annoying.”
When Fermi casts his air skate magic, both feet float and slide rapidly across the ground.
“He carries all the star magic.”
As Marsha stomps, Fermi twists and spreads her legs.
“It doesn’t fly like fly magic, but it has good cost-effectiveness among movement magic. The movement is also free.”
Fermi, who went ahead while taking the run steps, looked back at the party and said.
“Anyway, I put all my money into this operation.”
It was a mission that would roll in 190 billion gold if successful.
said Ryan.
“You keep moving away? It seems to be a chase.”
Marsha, who was embarrassed for nothing, asked Fermi.
“Hey, how much is that? Will it be handed over?”
“Two million gold. Would you like to buy it?”
“shut up.”
It was Marsha who thought that she should diligently run with her feet.
* * *
“weird. It’s really strange.”
Sirone looked around the lobby of the building.
It used to be a common place, and there was nothing special about it except for mucus sticking to the walls.
“Of course it is strange. No one comes in here.”
“No, it’s not like that, it must have been before.”
A certain memory flooded Sirone’s mind.
Oak table in a snow-white office. The intelligent bespectacled man held out a piece of paper and said,
-Congratulations, Mr. Sirone. You have been selected for artificial hibernation. You can sign here.
-no. I can’t survive alone leaving my precious people here.
– You don’t understand the situation. It is not a matter of individual survival. You are entering as the representative of mankind.
-But how… … .
-Don’t be c*cky. I, who is presenting the contract to you, must also remain here. In other words, this is the end of life.
“… … Have I really become alone?”
Yo couldn’t understand Sirone’s feelings, but the fact that he was sad was enough.
“Do not worry. We are there.”
Sirone stepped away from the wall and looked at the stairs leading upstairs.
‘Obviously on top of this building… … .’
I think that office was there.
But now, it was completely blocked by Mucus’s mucilage, making it a colorful wall.
“Have you gone back by now? The hunt won’t make you wait long.”
Ignoring Yo’s uneasy voice, Sirone searched for memories again.
– Let’s go underground. There is no time.
-Sorry, I was just thinking about it.
-… … I hope you make a better world.
‘underground. There is something underground.’
Sirone ran to the elevator and said to Yo.
“Can you open this door?”
“yes? Ah yes.”
Yo made his arms out of metal and inserted them into the cracks in the elevator door, opening them as hard as he could.
“Huh!”
The door opened and a vertically falling elevator shaft appeared.
“done. We can go underground.”
“Are you going underground?”
“It’s okay if you don’t follow me if you’re anxious.”
Joe’s expression immediately changed.
“no. I have a duty to protect the Archon.”
“It will be fine.”
Shirone, who threw her Shining magic into the aisle, grabbed onto the elevator line and went down, followed by Yoga.
“… … .”
A minute later, a person’s face bulged out from the mucus that had engulfed the ceiling of the lobby.
—————————————

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-542.txt
=============YYYYY=============
[542] Forbidden Shrine (2)
* * *
A metal arm popped up on the ceiling of the elevator.
Eun-Kyung’s sword started slicing with a clatter, and the ceiling collapsed, sending Sirone and Yo into the jump.
“It’s not as deep as I thought.”
Judging by the height, the elevator stopped on the first basement floor.
“What if I go through the floor?”
Seeing Mucus block the stairs, I thought it would be dangerous to go too deep from the start.
Suddenly, the ceiling cracked open and electricity bounced, and the light on the elevator button came on.
“There is electricity… … ?”
Before I could calm my startled heart, the elevator door opened by itself.
Along the stretched corridor, lights on the ceiling lit up sequentially, and the monotonous landscape of the laboratory greeted them.
Mucus was buried here and there, but it was enough space to be active.
“Let’s take a look from here.”
Sirone took Yo and strolled through the lab hallways.
Pneumatic locks were hung in each room, and numerous electric iron bars were stacked like blocks inside the glass walls.
‘Isolation Facility. Was it a place where animal testing was conducted?’
As I entered the central control room, the only door to which was open, the turbid air stung my nose.
There was a light stain of blood on the wall, and mucus halfway down the wall, as if it had leaked from the ground.
“There must have been a battle.”
Destroyed objects were thrown everywhere and there were bloodstains on the floor.
“It is not a battle. It is a one-sided massacre.”
It was such a sight to be sure.
“The electricity coming in… … .”
Just in case, Sirone pressed the manager button in the central control room.
With a hum, hologram monitors turned on all over the place, sending numerous three-dimensional images.
“Ji, the underground… … !”
As Yoga stiffened both arms and took a combat stance, Sirone raised her hand to stop it.
“don’t worry. It’s just an illusion.”
Sirone studied the image floating on the cylindrical hologram seriously.
A human and a monkey were spinning side by side, but after a while, the holograms overlapped and synthesized into a creature with the characteristics of an underground person.
‘What is it?’
As Sirone manipulated the options of the hologram device, a document appeared on the monitor on the side.
“Is it an ancient language? What is it written on?”
Sirone read while tracing her memories before hibernation.
“Dynamic Human Project. Government official approval.”
Having said that, Sirone kept her mouth shut and read only with her eyes.
It was because he seemed to understand a little why the children of the sun and the people of the underworld were reluctant to come here.
‘oh my god… … .’
What was written in the document was shocking.
In the aftermath of nuclear war, 80 percent of humanity suffered from mutations, deformities, and deterioration of vital functions.
Humanity full of recessive factors has reached the point where it can no longer reproduce healthy offspring, and thus the Dynamic Human Project was attempted.
Combining artificially cultured primate and human genes to create a much stronger human than before.
That way, at least he thought he could survive in the destroyed world.
“Major. What is it written on? Are the underworlders going to be punished soon?”
Literally, this place was a forbidden sanctuary, and Sirone couldn’t find words to explain it.
“Are you okay? I don’t like the color of your face.”
At that moment, mucus flowed down soundlessly from the wall behind, and two eyes flashed open from a height of 2 meters in the slime.
As the pupils wandering around caught Shirone and Yo, the slime was pushed out and began to come out in human form.
“So what is this… … .”
At that moment, Sirone sensed something with the Spirit Zone and quickly turned around.
“what!”
there was nothing.
Yogi turned around with his eyes wide open, relaxed his expression, and asked.
“Why are you like that?”
“There must have been something… … .”
“Maybe it’s because you’re too nervous?”
“no. The shape of the slime is different.”
Even if it was pushed up to the ceiling like when I first came here, the shape was completely different.
However, with Yo’s keen eye, he couldn’t confirm that.
“If you’re worried, can we just leave?”
Sirone pursed his lips and fell into thought.
As long as I realized what this place was like, I couldn’t go back to the colony like this.
‘Obviously there is an answer here. If I do well, I might be able to get my memory back.’
Said Sirone, who made her decision.
“Let’s explore a little more.”
After escaping from the lab, the two set out to find a way down into the basement.
* * *
“The explosion is gone.”
At Miro’s words, Fermi accelerated.
“I’ll look into it.”
He quickly passed the block on his air skates, checked around the corner, and signaled that it was safe.
Lian, who arrived late, looked up at the tall buildings and said.
“Only this place wasn’t badly damaged.”
Marsha nodded.
“Still, are you more alert than before? Anyway, this scenery is definitely strange.”
As they each walked in the direction they were taking, Miro pointed to a building.
“Can you see it over there?”
It was a skyscraper covered in mucus.
“Someone has entered.”
It was clearly an artificial trace that there was a rough path in the loosely spread slime.
“Muckus is annoying. Moreover, if this amount… … .”
You don’t know how much slime the inside of the building is filled with.
“Isn’t there no choice but to go and see?”
Miro moved first, and the remaining three followed.
The lobby was surprisingly clean, and only the stairs going up were full of mucus.
“Shall I pierce it?”
Miro pointed to the stairs and Fermi turned the corner and stood facing the lift.
“Looks like you went that way.”
After walking there, Marsha held on to the wall and looked down the elevator shaft.
Inside the box made of iron, there was a weak light.
“There is light. Is it an Abyss Walker?”
“That too, you will understand when you go down.”
As the four of them went down the elevator shaft, something fell from the ceiling in the lobby.
A human made of slime.
It was hideous, as if the skin had been peeled off, but the features were clear and the eyes were clear.
Commonly known as the Mucus Man.
“… … .”
As Mucus Man looked toward the elevator, slime slowly trickled down the crown of his head, then grabbed his face as if sucking in water droplets and pulled him to the ceiling.
* * *
After descending to the 4th floor, Sirone took a deep breath in the clear air.
“wow… … .”
I looked around with eyes full of joy.
It was an arboretum that could only be found in the tropics, and the leaves of numerous trees were growing along the walls.
“The ecological environment underground. No, more than that, how did you hold on until now?”
This was impossible without constant temperature, humidity and light.
“Let’s just go down. I guess here… … .”
I was reluctant to check the 4th floor with Yo.
“There is a bigger tree over there.”
But she was now stepping out first.
Entering the large arboretum sealed with glass walls, numerous computer devices were running, and a huge tree stood in the center.
Sirone, who came in belatedly, could guess Yo’s expression just by looking at Yo’s back.
“Uh huh?”
Standing in front of Yo’s eyes was smaller than what he saw from the outside, but it was definitely the tree of life.
Embryos with taps were clinging to the branches, and the wide glass tubes that contained the roots were filled with mucus from the mucus.
“How can this… … we are… … .”
As I was muttering yoga, the slime in the glass container rose all the way up and grabbed the fetus and pulled it.
Seeing the faucet snap and fall into the mucus, Yoro screamed with a pale face.
“Kyaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!”
“calm down! If you make a loud noise… … !”
Yo wasn’t crazy.
“Arson! How did this happen! Why is the tree of life here? That said, the sun… … !”
There was no way to know that it was Sirone, but there was a way to confirm it.
When I pressed the option button on the control device, the hologram turned on again and the explanation continued.
‘Human Extinction Prevention Project. Government Unofficial Approval. also… … .’
Like the Dynamic Humans, the Children of the Sun were not naturally evolved humans.
The contents of the document were telling us more shocking facts than what we saw on the first floor.
With more than 70 percent of plants and animals extinct and resources depleted, humanity has finally realized.
That humans should no longer be involved in energy.
Human greed ruined everything!
Humanity needed a special manager who was not swayed by desire, and the local energy circulation system Mucus was born as a result.
The significance of Mucus is to digest animals and plants with mucus to generate energy necessary for the ecosystem.
Eventually, however, as even the local energy dried up, it began to destroy and expand the limits of its territory on its own.
The system, which judged that the maintenance of the ecosystem took precedence over the preservation of specific objects, even digested humans.
In such a situation where the planet dried up, the conclusion mankind came to is that the human power mechanism must be redesigned from scratch.
Silence Artificial Hibernation Co., Ltd., which was carrying out a human survival project under the leadership of the government, contacted the few remaining descendants of the fairies and established Fairy Biomimetics.
The result is the tree of life using solar power.
It was the belief that mankind would not disappear even if the world perished if there were organisms that could survive only with photosynthesis and water.
And now, the future they could never confirm was unfolding before Sirone’s eyes.
‘Mutants are the manifestation of the characteristics of fairies. The human obsession with the species is truly formidable. but… … .’
Sirone looked around the laboratory with sad eyes.
‘Is this really the future they dreamed of?’
thud! and Yogi knelt down on his knees.
“no.”
Tears ran down my cheeks.
“Isn’t it? am i dreaming? we are… … Are the children of the sun a race blessed by Ra?”
A long time ago, even Dynamic Humans and Children of the Sun would have known about the existence of this place.
However, it was a fact that one should never know, and it led to instinct and finally became a forbidden holy place.
“Arson! Tell me please! what are we Are you really human?”
“It doesn’t matter. It’s important that you are the only species surviving in this world right now.”
“But so far we… … !”
At that time, Mucus, which had been submerged under the Tree of Life, wriggled out, and Mucus Man came out.
“Dangerous!”
As Sirone hugged Yo and rolled on the floor, Mucus dripped from the ceiling and covered the walls.
“What is that again?”
Sirone, who hugged Yo and turned her head, was horrified at Mucus Man’s hideous appearance.
“High efficiency energy… … .”
As Mucus’ arms stretched out like rubber and rushed in, Sirone threw herself and fired a photon cannon continuously.
Mucus Man, whose shoulders and abdomen exploded, jumped up, and slime descended from the ceiling, grabbed him, and sucked him in.
“damn!”
It wasn’t the end of catching what was visible, but the entire Mucus filled with buildings was the enemy.
After gaining a new body, Mucus Man walked around on the wall like a spider, and whenever Sirone attacked, he was immediately soaked in slime.
‘How am I supposed to fight something like this?’
As Mucus Man rose from the floor and swung his fist, Sirone flung himself to the other side.
At the same time, thick tentacles stretched out from the slime on the wall.
“The Archon!”
Just when Yo, who came to his senses belatedly, was about to jump out, the arboretum door opened and a tall man passed by her.
Ignoring the acceleration, he blocked Sirone’s way and swung his greatsword, slashing away the tentacles.
“Sirone! are you okay?”
When the blue-haired man turned his head, Sirone put on a dazed expression.
Then, new memories flooded into my head and began to connect with countless memories.
“… … Lian?”
Syrone information recovery rate.
69 percent.
—————————————

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-543.txt
=============YYYYY=============
[543] Forbidden Shrine (3)
“How are you here… … ?”
Sirone couldn’t find the source of the words she uttered.
My memories have been brought back little by little as I have encountered numerous incidents, but this was the first time that I had a strong nostalgia like this one.
“The Archon!”
When he raised his head at the sound of Yo’s scream, he was moving somewhere, buried in the slime on the wall of Yoga caught by Mucus Man.
“this!”
Sirone, who hurriedly ran to the door, bumped into three people who ran after Lian.
Some of them were familiar.
“It’s been a while, Sirone.”
As Marsha brought out her prepared remarks, another excruciating pain surged through Sirone’s head.
“Keugh!”
Miro, Marsha, Fermi.
Like it or not, these are the characters who made a strong impression in reality.
‘What the hell are these… … .’
New memories were born as their information naturally intertwined with Sirone’s information.
descendants of fairies.
Because he is a descendant of the fairy tribe, which is only a minority in society, he can use special abilities.
“Help me! Yoga got caught! I would have gone underground!”
No one moved.
Just as no adult interferes with children’s playhouse, the work here was meaningless to those in an open state.
“As expected. I’ll subdue it once.”
“Fermi… … !”
Looking back at Fermi, Sirone gritted her teeth as she recalled the memories of tormenting her terribly in the fairy society.
“I don’t have time to fight. If you won’t help me, I’ll go find Yo at least by myself.”
“Either way.”
Just as the magic was about to activate, Lian said.
“okay. Let’s go, Sirone.”
Fermi’s head jerked.
“What are you doing?”
Rian completely turned to Sirone as if ignoring him.
“I don’t know who he is, but he must be someone precious to you. Let’s go get her.”
Fermi looked back at Miro and Marsha.
“Are you going to leave me alone?”
“You have no choice but to go. Because this is sirone.”
The Sirone that Marsha knew was not a person who would ignore the misfortune in front of her no matter what the cause was.
Fermi pinned his last hope on Miro, but she too warmed up and headed towards Marsha.
“Majority vote in favor.”
“Aunt, but this… … .”
“Give up this time. Do you know what kind of character Sirone is? And now I know Rian’s personality.”
“There is a certain degree of frustration.”
As Miro burst into laughter and moved both hands, the incarnation of Guanyin appeared like a halo.
After a while, the huge pair of spears hit the floor.
Woo woo woo!
The impact was enough to shake the entire arboretum, but only the shape of the palm was imprinted on the floor.
Miro, noticing everyone’s gaze, smiled awkwardly.
“Ahaha, is this building really solid?”
Sirone burst into a tantrum.
“Are you laughing now? Rather I… … !”
“Whoa, whoa, whoa.”
As Miro let out a long breath, Sirone’s eyes widened.
The incarnation of Guanyin reached the ceiling of the arboretum as it became dozens of times larger than it was just a moment ago.
‘Journal 一指!’
As Miro poked the floor with his index finger, Kannon’s giant fingers pierced the building’s floors one after another.
bang! bang! bang! bang! bang!
Marsha screamed and fell, followed by everyone falling to the 10th basement floor, the last floor of the facility.
Fermi grumbled, dusting himself off.
“With temper hair… … .”
Sirone couldn’t take her eyes off the maze.
“Who are you?”
“Do you think it would be better to talk as we go?”
As Maze pointed toward the hallway, the slime that revealed the curves of the urine was moving rapidly toward the darkness.
“stop!”
Sirone and the others quickly jumped, but the end of the corridor was blocked by a huge glass wall.
“What’s this?”
Sirone was the only one who knew the answer.
‘The maglev elevator… … .’
When I put my hand on the glass wall, LED lines appeared and a rectangular panel came to mind.
Sirone placed her hand on the palm-shaped fingerprint reader, and soon the fingerprints flashed and the glass door opened.
‘As expected, my records are stored.’
It was only natural if people who would later wake up from hibernation would be able to use the facility.
As I followed Sirone into the elevator, a soft light descended from the ceiling.
“Where are you going?”
The moment Miro finished speaking, the elevator shot towards the darkness at breakneck speed.
However, it was dark, and I didn’t even think that I was moving past the acceleration section.
“It must be where the Mucus control device is located.”
Before hibernation, I never thought that such a gigantic facility could be hidden underground.
‘Maybe there’s not just one entrance. All the basements of major institutions must have something like this installed.’
After finishing her thoughts, Sirone looked back at the party.
“What the hell happened? What happened to us?”
Having a sense of incongruity was a positive sign.
“Listen to me from now on, Sirone. It’s hard to believe, but it’s real. The world you live in right now… … .”
Miro looked at Sirone’s reaction and said.
“It’s all fake. Even you.”
Sirone was silent for a long time, but unlike his Maltese wife, he chose to listen first.
“I don’t understand what you mean.”
“good. Then I will do it again from the beginning.”
When Miro confessed everything he needed to know, even Sirone couldn’t help but be shocked this time.
“Fake? All of this world?”
“okay. So you don’t have to care what happens here. What you have to do is the real you… … .”
“It can’t be.”
Sirone shook her head.
“I’m not blind, so… … It really can’t be.”
Miro understood Sirone’s feelings.
“Perhaps. But you have to take my word for it. Descendants of fairies? no i am human Your memories and mine can’t be different, right?”
“lie!”
In the end, Sirone couldn’t stand it.
“The aftereffects of artificial hibernation caused confusion in my memory! Even the manager said so! If you fall into hibernation for a long time, you can do that!”
“That is also a lie. It’s just an artificial memory created to permeate the information of Apocalypse naturally.”
“You want me to believe that?”
Marsha said.
“You have to believe, Sirone. Otherwise, the real you will die.”
“damn!”
Sirone twisted her body as if she didn’t want to hear it and ran nervously around the elevator.
Lian approached him and said.
“Sirone, it may be difficult, but… … .”
“I will believe you.”
Sirone turned around.
“Okay, I believe you. Maybe Miro’s words are true. So I believe you.”
Sirone spread her arms and looked at the four of them.
“Now, what do we do? Will something change for me? Or do I need to do something more?”
“… … .”
The real problem was this.
Even if Sirone believed Miro’s words, nothing would change.
Because thinking it might be and feeling it really are are as far apart as the ends of the universe.
Whoa!
The speeding elevator slowly slowed down and suddenly plummeted down.
“Big!”
As the air pressure inside the elevator was automatically adjusted, the state of weightlessness was avoided, but the feeling of rumbling air in the stomach was terrible.
‘How far is it going to fall?’
The lift did not take long to reach its destination, but I had no idea how far it was from the ground.
The glass door opened, and what they saw was a passageway covered with flickering panels and endless wires.
Awakened by the fear of falling, Sirone widened her eyes and stepped towards the aisle.
Whatever the truth, the first thing to do was to save Yo.
When I passed the place with the sign for the special quarantine area, a quiet mechanical sound leaked from the inside of the doorless door.
When Sirone floated a photon cannon in her hand and suddenly flew away, the party hurriedly followed.
“This… … ?”
Forgetting even her fighting spirit, Sirone stared at the huge object at the center of the hemispherical space.
The huge lens, 2 meters in diameter, resembled a human pupil, and thousands of wires were attached to the steel body that formed it and connected to the surrounding walls.
A single word came out of Miro’s mouth spontaneously.
“la?”
Digital Ra(Local Energy Circulation System Quantum Computer).
Fermi asked.
“la? This scrap machine is that?”
“No, it is a real creature. But they are so similar.”
Fermi tried to imagine the real Ra from the digital Ra, but it was meaningless.
“Didn’t you say it was expunged?”
Information that has been erased cannot exist anywhere.
“that’s right. Therefore, it is not the real Ra.”
Myth was destroyed by a boy.
“It’s another god created by humans who couldn’t stand the absence of a god.”
As the device in Digital Ra’s lens rotated, Mucus Man landed on the ceiling holding onto Yo.
“yo. this! are you okay?”
Yo’s face, which was full of despair, turned bright for an instant, but Mucus Man immediately pulled her roughly.
“Who are you? Why are you here?”
Sirone took a step forward.
“What are you really? The world has already been destroyed. But why are you doing this?”
“My name is Ra. It is a humanoid model stored in the data of a quantum computer.”
Miro drew his own conclusions.
‘Is it like an incarnation?’
“Actually, it doesn’t matter what it’s called. I am a program that purifies the world based on solar energy. It is said that Ra is the god of the monotheistic religion that ancient humans believed in.”
“It is unacceptable for computers with any capabilities to attack humans.”
“It’s just a link in the cycle anyway. Annihilating a life is no different from creating another life.”
“That’s what you can say because you have no life. Have you ever mourned someone’s death?”
“Humans also rejoice over someone’s death.”
Sirone bit off his teeth.
If artificial intelligence could change its way of thinking into words, the world wouldn’t have collapsed like this.
‘I have no choice but to fight. But I’m caught up in yoga… … .’
While Sirone was in trouble, Marsha moved towards Ra.
“No matter what. If you need a human, how about me instead?”
“Marsha?”
When Sirone turned around, she closed one eye.
‘If only I could stab the dagger of the immoral man… … .’
As Ra’s arms stretched out and grabbed Marsha’s neck and pulled her, Yoro exclaimed as if it were absurd.
“it’s crazy? Taking hostages!”
“okay. I guess so.”
Marsha’s expression suddenly turned cold, and she took out a dagger from her left hand.
As she poked Ra’s side, her eyes twinkled as she confirmed that black smoke was pouring out.
‘It works! If this… … !’
Marsha continued stabbing the dagger frantically, and stared at the smoke escaping from her body without even responding.
“What is this?”
Only then did Marsha realize the strangeness and stop attacking.
“this… … !”
The scabbard sheath made by eating out of the regulations was healing on its own.
“You are transforming information.”
The backup capabilities of quantum computers have exceeded human imagination.
“I will analyze your data.”
The slime of a beast resembling a leopard protruded from the mucus on the wall and attacked Marsha.
It was a model for a specific creature that Ra digested before it perished.
“It’s dangerous!”
Sirone unknowingly threw herself into a hug and rolled on the floor.
“Sirone… … ?”
Sirone’s pupils shook as he met Marsha’s.
– You can hug me.
“Aaaaaang!”
As the beast stretched out its hind legs and flew in, Sirone held out his hand with a surprised expression.
“Dangerous!”
Just when Lian was about to rush and shout.
thud! thud! thud! thud!
Ra’s head turned quickly as the sound of crashing came from far away in the underground facility.
bang!
A sword broke through the iron wall, flew like a clothesline, pierced the beast’s cheek, and was caught in Sirone’s hand.
“… … Geumgang Armed Forces.”
At the same time, the blade opened wide like a spider’s legs and swallowed Sirone’s entire body.
—————————————

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-544.txt
=============YYYYY=============
[544] Forbidden Shrine (4)
Armand’s pressure was familiar to Sirone.
When something sharp stabbed his spinal cord, all functions of his body became superior and Armand’s information was synchronized, as if a power pack had been installed.
In my memory, the six options equipped on the magic sword flowed down.
Among the information delivered intuitively through brain waves, only the Valhalla action was in an unusable state.
“Sirone, did you think of something?”
Sirone looked down at Marsha.
Marsha’s strong memory raised Sirone’s information recovery rate to 78%, and reached the level of undivided attention.
Since the real Sirone was in a state of being combined with Armand, the information was implemented as it was in Apocalypse.
‘I don’t know. What the hell is real.’
I thought that when I regained my memory, everything would become clearer, but it turned out to be the opposite.
Now all the memories were mixed together like a mash, and I couldn’t tell which was real and which was a dream.
‘First of all, I have to find Yo.’
Sirone put down Marsha and stood up.
“Release Yo.”
“You foolish human being.”
All kinds of beasts created based on the information recorded on the digital ra came out of the slime everywhere.
Then, tentacles protruded from Armand’s robes and beat the beasts at great speed.
Fermi made an absurd expression at the sight of Kuzen sucking up the slime with his eating metabolism.
“What is that again?”
When I first saw Sirone in the arboretum, I thought I would be able to subdue her, but now she was showing off her power on a completely different level.
“Arman. It’s Sirone’s weapon.”
Even Ryan, who said that, was equally perplexed.
It was different in form and ability from Armand I had seen before.
Sirone, who had sucked up all the slime, proposed one more time to Ra, who was holding on to Yo.
“Even if we fought, it would be in vain. Give up now.”
“I just follow the workings of nature. Even if you want something from a falling rock, the rock won’t stop.”
“Surely?”
As Ra released into mucous, he began to swallow urine.
“Yeah, right.”
“Arson! Run away!”
At the same time, dozens of tentacles protruded from Sirone’s robes and rushed towards Ra.
“It’s already too late. Once converted, the energy… … Kut!”
The moment the tentacles were embedded in Ra’s body, Sirone’s eyes widened.
Small world creation.
“Aaaaaaa!”
Like a light bulb, Ra’s body became translucent, emitting white light.
When the slime in the room lit up through the medium of Ra’s body, Yogi shook his body and quickly escaped.
At the same time, as Armand infiltrated Digital Ra’s database, Sirone’s mind also fell into a trance.
“The Archon!”
Yo’s voice became faint, and a scream was heard clearly as if to fill the void of hearing.
The entire history of the apocalypse recorded by Digital Ra was rolling in.
War, famine, disaster.
A child who has lost a parent, a parent who has lost a child.
‘Ah, why, why are humans… … .’
Tears began to flow from Sirone’s eyes, who had covered all the sins of mankind.
Is this too cruel!
“Aaaaaaa!”
Connected to the tentacles, Sirone rose to the surface and straightened her waist like a bow while screaming, and a dazzling radiance was born as if it were about to explode.
As the information recovery rate soared while absorbing the world’s information, an incarnation with angelic wings was born from Sirone’s body.
“Banya transcending the mind.”
Miro muttered, swallowing a moan.
If he had reached this point based on the information of Apocalypse, it would be safe to say that there was no room to raise the information of reality.
‘stop! Please stop!’
The history of suffering quickly penetrated Sirone’s mind.
And finally, the place they arrived at was a white room where Mucus Man was waiting alone.
“Did you see? This is why I must exist. Humans don’t need humans.”
Sirone just shed tears.
There was only one fact that I realized after hearing the gruesome screams of all mankind.
‘Humans… … .’
Nothing should be done.
“You insignificant human being.”
Sirone slowly turned her head.
“Do you know why I did not exterminate the most useless human beings by the standards of the ecosystem?”
Sirone couldn’t answer.
“Because those who made me think that way are also you, humans.”
I looked up at the ceiling.
“They mistake themselves for superiority, but in reality are more unstable than any other creature. I did not destroy humans in order to find the answer to that contradiction. And now… … .”
Ra’s gaze returned to Sirone.
“I found the answer in you. If humans are truly contradictory beings, you too can change this world.”
“You change?”
Ra put her hand to her chest.
“It will become one. I can read the system of the world, and you have a singularity that can change the system. Bringing them together to create a new world.”
Sirone swallowed his saliva.
The despair and pain of the people I watched through Digital Ra quickly passed through my mind.
“Human, give me another chance. All human sins and suffering can be eliminated. Eternal peace will come to this land through the sacrifice of one person.”
It was a huge ideal that transcended individual categories.
However, in return, what Sirone had to sacrifice was something most precious to the individual.
“I am… … .”
After thinking for a long time, Sirone opened her mouth.
“what?”
Miro and the others looked around.
The luminous lights weakened and the lens of Digital Ra, which was rotating as if it was about to explode, regained its original speed.
“Whoa!”
Ra took a deep breath after confirming that Armand’s tentacles had come out.
At the point of sharing thoughts with small world creation, there was no need for any further conversation.
“Arson! Are you okay?”
Sirone, who held Yo’s hand with a bitter smile, turned to Ra and said.
“Send us outside.”
Marsha asked.
“What are you talking about? You must come with us.”
“Marsha sister, Lian… … .”
Upon discovering the transcendent sadness in Sirone’s eyes, Marsha couldn’t go any further.
“Sorry.”
In front of the hope of being able to change the world, Sirone gave up everything.
Before Lian could speak, the slime engulfed Sirone and Yo, sending them out along the wall.
Miro looked back at Ra and asked.
“What did you do to Sirone?”
“nothing. He made the best decision a creature could make. I just gave you hope.”
“hope? What hope?”
“There must be no reason for you to know, right?”
The incarnation of Kannon rose from Miro’s body.
“I’m feeling quite ambiguous right now, so it’s better to be honest. How much do you know?”
Kannon’s palms spread across the digital la.
“Information is endlessly replicated and never recovered. Destroying me does not mean I am destroyed.”
“It’s enough to think about it then.”
It was concluded that it would be better to preserve the aircraft for the purpose of digital.
“I will change the system of the world by combining Sirone’s spirit and my skills.”
“Are you going to absorb it?”
“The term fairy tale is not appropriate. I will purify the world by controlling Sirone’s neural network. it’s like… … .”
Ra stopped talking abruptly, widened her eyes, turned her head, and then looked the other way.
It was a mechanical and disconnected movement that seemed impossible to analyze even with quantum calculations.
“… … Who are you? Where did you connect from?”
Miro and the others looked around at the sudden sound, but there was nothing to see.
Then, someone flashed into Miro’s mind.
‘no way?’
As she expected, Ra gave up on finding out whereabouts of his true identity and continued talking while staring at the vague front.
“Why are you helping me?”
Silence passed for a while.
“Right. i get it.”
As if ending the conversation, Ra turned his head to Miro.
“With this you will never be able to stop me. It’s better to give up and go back.”
Miro’s eyes widened fiercely.
However, if that human started interfering, there was nothing I could do here, so I turned around with a tsk and a tongue.
“Let’s go out. I don’t have time to be like this.”
Fermi tilted his head.
“Are you going back? Wouldn’t it be nice to get more information from Ra? This is a rare opportunity.”
“Ah, yes.”
Miro turned to Ra again and said.
“Remember. I am the kind of person who does it.”
The incarnation of Kannon, who burst out of the maze, placed Digital Ra between his palms and brutally crushed it.
Digital Ra’s lens, which was dented like scrap metal, was smashed into chunks, and Mucus Man was absorbed into slime as if he had fallen into water.
“let’s go.”
Rian, Marsha, and Fermi stared at the destroyed Digital Ra in dismay, then regained their senses and chased after them.
Shortly thereafter, bluish electricity began to circulate in Digital Ra’s body.
– System Backup. Estimated recovery time 0.000023 seconds. complete.
It wasn’t as quiet as before, but as the engine revved up again, the figure of Mucus Man rose above the slime.
He muttered as he watched the maze exit.
“… … After all, human beings.”
After exiting the Fairy Biomimetics Lab, Miro started looking for traces of Sirone.
However, no traces could be found on the ground, probably because she had cast flight magic.
Eventually giving up, she turned to the group.
“Listen. I really don’t have time from now on. We have to move fast too. It is the biggest variable.”
Fermi asked.
“What happened? Is it because Ra was talking to someone?”
“I heard a report from Arius. Perhaps the person who accessed Ra was Shura.”
“Shura?”
“Heaven’s Eternals Community, Leader of the Church of the Ten Lords. She probably could infiltrate anywhere in this world if she were her.”
“You are a talented coder. But are you such a great person as to worry about your aunt?”
Miro jerked her head and flipped her hair.
“Hey, where is someone like that to me?”
Then he returned with a serious expression.
“To be honest, it is not negligible. All of the Ten Commandments are made up of Prajna and Yaksha, and especially since Amitabha is number one in the hierarchy.”
Prajna and yaksha are only standards for determining the realm, and depending on how they are used, the actual combat power varies widely.
Nevertheless, the reason why Miro didn’t mention it was because all the executives of the Tenro Society were the ones who used the strongest skills in their field.
Ryan asked.
“Is Shura the number one Amitabha?”
“no. I don’t know the exact rank, but when I looked at every aspect, I’m sure he was a middle or low rank in the Ten Commandments. But it’s tricky because this is the world of undercoders.”
Marsha asked.
“why?”
“Because I am a lawyer. It’s the most excellent class to block the incarnation’s attack. If you are an executive of the Ten Commandments, you can think of them as lawyers who have reached the highest level among humans.”
“It’s got it right.”
If you are a person who uses the strongest law in reality, you will show off your abilities close to that of a half-god in Under Coder.
“Perhaps the Ten Commandments chose Shura to stop me, but not necessarily for that reason. Just like Theraze, the Ten Commandments are paying attention to Sirone. The apocalyptic world becomes a kind of laboratory for Shura.”
“Because everything that happens here can be analyzed in code.”
Marsha said.
“If we can infiltrate anywhere in this world, how are we supposed to find Shura?”
Miro shook his head.
“No, there is no need to find Shura. Maybe she’s in the colony. She will lead the children of the sun and take them to Sirone.”
“How can you be sure of that?”
“Because Shura is a banya incarnated as a snake. That’s why people who know her call her that.”
Miro recalled Shura’s face and said.
“The god of false doctrine.”
—————————————

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-545.txt
=============YYYYY=============
[545] Daejikdo (1)
Returning to the northwest colony, Sirone called priest Bebeto.
It seemed that Shirone’s feelings had become uncomfortable after visiting the forbidden holy place, so Yo stayed by her side, only paying attention.
As the code entangled in the temple, Bebeto appeared.
“Did you call, Archon?”
“Prepare to leave the colony.”
After cutting off the context, Bebeto and Yogi looked at Sirone with surprised expressions.
“You are leaving the colony? Then where are you talking simple?”
“I am not going anywhere.”
Sirone said confidently.
“I will change this world. Everyone lives together in harmony in a world without war and without food.”
Bebeto made a puzzled expression.
When he proposed an alliance with another colony, he thought so, but what he said now was not something a normal person could think of.
“What the hell happened?”
Bebeto asked Yo, but Sirone answered.
“It is not yet time to speak. When those who left to propose an alliance gather… … .”
“Guardian has arrived!”
The gatekeeper shouted before Sirone could finish his words.
When Sirone stood up and headed towards the entrance, the door burst open and a group of people including the guardian entered.
“what?”
While Sirone stared at her absurdly, Excer, who entered flapping his bat wings, prostrated himself.
“As you instructed, Archon, we have signed an alliance with the eastern and southern colonies. These are the guardians of each colony.”
It was what Sirone wanted, but no matter how much I thought about it, it was too quick and easy.
For those who were extremely reluctant to have two suns in one colony, it was clear that they would be wary of the alliance’s proposal.
“What happened?”
At the question containing many questions at once, Ekseo finally showed a puzzled look.
“in fact… … .”
“It is my work.”
Shura in a green dress split the Guardians and appeared.
“The consuls of the eastern and southern colonies have already been removed. In other words, the only sun in this world is you, Sirone.”
Sirone involuntarily took a step back.
‘Can no one feel it?’
The aura of a snake rising from a woman.
I couldn’t see it, but I saw a huge snake coiled around and flicking its tongue.
It will be a specific frequency between banyas.
“Who are you?”
“I am Shura. He is the one who will make you a god at Ra’s request.”
“Ra’s request?”
“I think there must be an intruder. You must have known, too.”
Sirone remembered Miro and the others.
“Are you going to harm them?”
“No, rather the opposite. They’re coming to hurt us. I will do my best to stop it.”
Sirone, who reached the level of wisdom through the creation of a small world, belatedly realized how powerful Miro was.
It would have been all too easy for her to undo this incident if she put her mind to it.
‘but… … Mr. Miro said it was for me.’
Sirone, sitting on the powerless throne, asked.
“Maybe this world is a lie. What do you think about this?”
Shura with a kind smile came to Sirone’s side and bowed before she knew it.
She pricked Sirone’s head with her snake-thin fingers and whispered in his ear.
“There is no such thing as truth in this world, Sirone. Only what you believe is true.”
“… … .”
Sirone was lost in thought for a long time, then raised her head.
“So, what are you going to do now?”
“I have to go through the ceremony to become the sun god.”
When Shura put her hand on Sirone’s shoulder and looked back at the Guardians, their shoulders twitched.
When she came to visit with the titles of Ra’s wife and Sirone’s mother, she thought she was crazy.
However, after seeing Shura’s ability with his own eyes, even doubt was impossible.
“Shall we move places?”
Shura slowly closed her eyes, and the surrounding scenery began to unravel with code.
Fellow coder Bebeto trembled.
‘God’s language itself.’
Shura was truly the god of this world.
“Here?”
All three colony guardians looked around.
The scenery suddenly changed and we found ourselves in the middle of the desert outside the city.
“Huh, do you like it, Sirone? It is a place where you will become a god.”
“Why did you choose this place?”
“No matter how much I am, I won’t be able to completely protect you against Maze. More than anything, don’t you like something fancy?”
“What splendor in the desert… … .”
Sirone stopped talking and stared blankly at the sky.
As Shura raised her arms and muttered to the sun, cuboid stones weighing dozens of tons fell endlessly from the entangled cloud-like cords.
In the face of a process that would take years even if all the inhabitants of the colony rushed forward, the children of the sun came to believe in the existence of a god.
In front of a huge pyramid hundreds of meters high, Sirone couldn’t help but feel fear.
‘Who the hell is this woman?’
Shura pointed to the pyramid and said.
“This structure will protect you from intruders. Because all my abilities are concentrated.”
It had to be at least this large in order to build a strong enough shield to block the incarnation of the labyrinth.
It was also a device for analyzing the codes that would arise from the union of Sirone and Ra tomorrow, though they did not speak.
“So is it a desert? But you won’t be able to unite with Ra here.”
“You have to accept that it takes time. Raga will bring all the mucus of the city to this place. Arrive by noon tomorrow at the latest.”
“Right.”
Sirone looked up at the top of the pyramid.
‘Tomorrow there… … .’
You will save a ruined world.
‘I’m anxious anyway.’
Shura thought as she bit her nails.
It didn’t end with just blocking the maze, but the maze’s party would also try to sabotage in some way.
‘I can’t. I hate to borrow a hand.’
Shura, who was looking up at the sky, suddenly frowned and turned around.
“What the hell is this monkey doing?”
* * *
“Hurray! It’s a hunt, a hunt!”
The underground fighting unit, who had given up on entering the forbidden holy ground, discovered another human and called for joy.
“It looks so delicious!”
Bak-nyeo looked straight ahead and caught the motorcycle squad passing by.
Behind the encirclement, the chieftain was sitting in a jeep with his arms crossed and a ferocious expression on his face.
The motorcyclists who stepped on the brakes in front of Park Nyeo aimed their guns at her.
“I’m hungry, so I won’t listen to the will.”
Park Nyeo analyzed the emotions that permeated her heart.
‘hunger. mockery. death. Last opinion.’
The moment she finished her thoughts, a gunshot exploded from the muzzle and sparks exploded.
Then their muzzles quivered and were pointed towards the sky.
“… … .”
The commander-in-chief stared blankly at the sight of his decapitated men convulsing and firing their rifles at the sky.
Moments later, the motorcycle collapsed from side to side, and Park Nyeo climbed onto the bonnet of the jeep.
“It’s quite the way. What is your true identity?”
‘Acknowledgment of me. question about the subject. The desire to understand.’
I am asking who
Although he had never learned the language of the underground people, the meaning of Taejang’s words was transmitted through his body.
Park Nyeo.
Sura Yaksha, 11,200 years old.
Unlike most Eternals who pursue human ideals, her mind burrowed into a more animal realm.
After thousands of years, she no longer found the line between what made me and nature.
The sixth sense developed in the process was beyond the sensitive level and is what is called a ‘monstrous sense’, and it was a level where it was possible to make predictions close to 100% for instantaneous phenomena where logic had no room to penetrate.
“I am your king.”
Taejang’s expression crumpled at Baknyeo’s words.
Because he also has wild genes, he is extremely sensitive to signals that oppress him.
“How dare you ignore me!”
As the taejang rose like a spring, Bak-nyeo widened her distance.
When the underground people who were standing in her arms fired crossfire, she landed on the ground and lowered her stance and wrinkled her nose.
“Big!”
Axing-Nirvana E-engine (8 cylinders with recoil power).
With a pop, her body swept all over the place.
As the afterimages of the blades passed by, as if the wind of a blade passed, the underground people’s bodies were slashed away, and Taejang raised the jeep with a monkey’s roar.
“Eat this!”
It was an outrageous force, but to Park Nyeo, the movement of the jeep seemed to slow down as time passed.
‘It’s cut.’
Her axing Nirvana E-engine pushes the cylinders of the Law with the power of Nirvana.
Up to 8 cylinders can be arranged, and one action is mounted for each cylinder.
Mechanism of 8 cylinders in series, 8 processes and 1 cycle.
The more you accelerate the Nirvana E-engine, the stronger the recoil force, the faster the cycle, and there is no limit.
‘Acceleration!’
Accelerating the power of Nirvana, Park Nyeo swung her sword at the jeep that fell over her head.
Her cycle, equipped with 8 directional slashes in 8 laws, has now exceeded 80 times, and it was so fast that even the eyes of the elder with amazing moving eyes could see it blurry.
The body made of iron split like a star, followed by numerous cuts.
By the time Bak-nyeo passed the jeep, the body had already been broken into thousands of fragments and was rolling on the floor as if it had been disassembled into parts.
“Whoops whoops!”
The appearance of his clothes fluttering in the heat rising from his body was the appearance of a yaksha.
“ah… … .”
Taejang looked at Park-nyeo with shocked eyes.
Even without language, wild physiology carried a feeling into his genes.
“Oohhh! Oohhhh!”
king!
A king has appeared to rule the jungle of this city!
After screaming, Taejang strode forward and bowed his head in front of Baknyeo.
“King, rule me.”
Knowing that power is everything in the wild, Bak-nyeo naturally became their leader and gave instructions.
“Take me to the one who was your king.”
Taejang still didn’t understand the words, but his instincts told him where to go.
* * *
As the sun sets, Miro and the others finally found a place for Shura to perform the rebellion.
While the swordsman Lian guarded the ground, the remaining three wizards rose to the sky and looked at the huge pyramid standing in the desert.
“It’s a structure that wasn’t on the map. It seems to be over there.”
“okay. It’s really fast.”
“Wouldn’t it be late?”
“You have enough time. By noon tomorrow at least for Mucus to arrive.”
All the mucus in the city were wriggling and stretching out into the desert.
Thousands of times faster than the average rate of expansion, but still far.
As the day grew dark, Miro’s eyes gazing into the distance shone with light.
It was a telescopic magic that refracted light and made it possible to see a farther distance.
“Hmm… … .”
The bluish hemispherical curtain surrounding the pyramid must have been a defense against the law.
“I can’t beat you, can you?”
“Can’t you do it with your aunt’s skills?”
It was Fermi who tried to provoke him, but Miro accepted it unexpectedly.
“I don’t know if it’s real, but here… … .”
“Is there any other way?”
“We have no choice but to infiltrate directly. It is a barrier against the law applied from outside, so it is useless once you go inside.”
“What if there are defenses inside? For example, disrupting magic with anti-magic.”
I couldn’t stand the maze this time.
“Are you kidding me? That’s a barrier to keep me out. No human being can care that much about me.”
“okay.”
If the maze is not strong enough to block a full-hearted attack, there is no reason to install a shield in the first place.
It was only possible when Shura, the strongest human lawyer, was able to do it.
“Anyway, it’s embarrassing. It looks like they’ve integrated the Hive too. Can we get through the mutants and get there?”
“wait for a sec. Something appeared.”
Hundreds of headlights rushed in from across the desert.
The sight of the underground people crossing the desert with their own means of transportation came into Miro’s eyes.
“In addition to the colony, underground people also joined.”
Marsha said.
“To remove the barrier, you have to penetrate inside. Those who block us are the leaders of the Ten Commandments, the guardians of the Children of the Sun, the underground, and Mucus. can you do it?”
Miro shook his head.
“no. Vanya’s power is offset by Vanya’s power. As long as Shura is active, leaving it to me is not a good choice.”
“Then what are you going to do? Isn’t there a way?”
“Is it really so?”
Miro smiled and looked down at the ground.
“We have a yaksha.”
Everyone’s eyes turned to Lian.
Unable to fly, he sat down on the floor and leaned his tired body on his sword.
“I am hungry.”
—————————————

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-546.txt
=============YYYYY=============
[546] Daejikdo (2)
* * *
Mucus completely engulfed the city.
It was enough to make me dizzy just by looking at the sight of the slime flowing everywhere.
“I’m stuck! spin!”
In front of a block filled with slime, Maze and the others turned the corner and left.
Tentacles protruding from Mucus followed as if tickling their backs, then were sucked into the main body.
“damn! Are you planning on interfering with me until the end!”
“Be patient. I’ll be leaving soon.”
By the time we left the city, it was already dawning.
Mucus was flowing endlessly towards somewhere in the desert, at which point Miro confirmed the operation.
“Shura will probably try to stop me. However, according to the report, there is one more senior member of the Ten Commandments. If that happens, I won’t be able to help you.”
It wasn’t a losing trade if he could fend off two officers of the Tenro Society.
“So let’s disperse. Fermi and Marsha detour and flank them. That will divert attention.”
said Ryan.
“I’m aiming for that gap and infiltrating the pyramid.”
“okay. Destroy the law with axing there. Then we should be able to reach Sirone somehow.”
Lian’s axing denies the law.
“Can I?”
“Yaksha’s axing works directly on the body. That’s why Vanya is difficult to deal with. It depends on how strong your will is.”
‘It’s a will.’
Ryan chewed on the words several times.
Mucus lay thickly over the horizon.
The speed of giving up energy circulation and reaching only towards Sirone was faster than they expected.
“The furthest distance to Mucus is north.”
“I will go.”
Lian broke away from the battle line and sped through the desert.
Every time he stomped his foot after activating axing, the sand stood up like a bomb exploding.
“Well then, shall we begin?”
Following Miro’s instructions, Marsha and Fermi spread the distance left and right.
The strategy of simultaneously pincer attacking the four sides of the pyramid was not an operation that could be done with only four people, but it would be of great help to Lian if he could endure it.
“They are scattered as expected.”
Standing at the top of the pyramid, Shura opened her eyes and said.
Beside her, Park Nyeo and King Kong, the leader of the underground, were guarding her.
King Kong, 3 meters tall and fluffy, looked down at the 300 or so men circling the pyramid.
“We can go out anytime. Just leave it to me.”
Park Nyeo asked.
“Which maze is it?”
“South. They’re running straight here from the city.”
Shura gave instructions to the Guardians.
“Guard East and West. I am in charge of the labyrinth.”
King Kong asked.
“What will our unit do if they come?”
Shura watched Lian detour north along the horizon.
“Take the test. It seems like bait, but 300 people will be enough.”
“Oohhh!”
As soon as the instructions were given, King Kong pounded his chest and jumped down the pyramid.
“War! Get ready!”
“Kyayayayayaya!”
Hearing the screams of the monkeys spreading across the desert, Park Nyeo turned to Shura.
“I am?”
“Protect Sirone. Because it looks like I’m going to have a fight with Miro.”
Bebeto, priest of the northwest colony, climbed to the top of the pyramid using coder abilities.
“Shura-sama, you are here.”
Seeing the maze running across the desert, Shura’s eyes shimmered with evil energy.
“Fufufu, it’s been a while.”
“Shura.”
With her gaze aimed at the top of the pyramid in the distance, Miro took a deep breath and prepared for a blow instead of a bow.
“Whoa, whoa, whoa.”
The incarnation of Kannon rose from Miro’s body like flames.
At the peak of the scale, the size of the incarnation dominated the sky, and everyone raised their heads with shocked eyes.
“I-what is that?”
Banya Baramil.
Miro opened her eyes and put her hands together.
‘Paradise!’
In the extremely fragmented space-time, the arms of Kannon attacked the pyramid from left and right, holding individual power.
“Kyahahahahaha!”
At the same time, an incarnation of a giant snake appeared from Shura’s body and wrapped around the pyramid.
Disciple Vanya – Gestalt of Disintegration.
Aaaaaaaaagh!
A shocking sound as if the heavens and earth were shaking shook the pyramid.
Codes flashed on the surface of the hemisphere whenever the pair of Guan Yin struck the defense shield countless times.
“It’s not easy either… … .”
It was certain that the god of false doctrines that cheated the law was the nemesis of Miro, who had reached the pinnacle of truth.
“Kikiki! Your tomboy temperament is still the same, Miro.”
As Shura looked down at the maze, the corners of her mouth ripped like a snake down her cheeks to the corners of her eyes.
“come!”
Guardians rained down on the heads of Fermi and Marsha, who took a detour to the east and west of the pyramid.
Mutant’s ability is very different. It was also a situation where I had to deal with more than 6 people by myself.
‘To pay off the debt.’
Marsha pulled out the dagger of her harem.
‘For 190 billion gold.’
Fermi swallowed the chip by the transaction of depreciation.
Moments later, a majestic explosion of magic resounded from the east and west sides of the pyramid.
“damn! The food over there is having fun! vaccinia! When do we fight?”
When Taejang asked, King Kong, who was crossing his arms, spoke in a solemn voice.
“wait. Our King has promised eternal food. After this job, you won’t be hungry anymore.”
“Something to eat!”
An underground man with a telescope shouted from the second shelf that surrounded the north side of the pyramid.
One swordsman was shivering in the desert haze.
“Sirone… … .”
Lian moved slowly, watching Sirone climb the stairs of the pyramid.
Mucus completely took over the surrounding area and was approaching Lian at a high speed for a phlegmatic, but there was no need to be impatient.
You only get one chance, and even if you lose your life, it’s a mission you must complete.
‘You fought really fiercely while I was gone. more than I… … .’
When he realized what kind of life Sirone had lived through Miro’s mouth, the first thing that came to Lian’s mind was sorry.
‘I am… … I didn’t have the strength to protect you.’
Only those who have actively plotted death can understand the determination of others.
‘Even when you fight, when you don’t fight, death will always be by your side. Even in that fear, he must have gritting his teeth and taking one step at a time.’
Up to 300 underground people formed layer upon layer of defense, and Mucus also followed Lian’s shadow.
‘Now I’ll protect you.’
At that point, Lian’s steps stopped.
Placing his greatsword in the desert, he knelt down in front of the sword and offered a knight’s prayer.
‘Please establish a kingdom of faith in my heart.’
Mucus, who had engulfed the shadows, drew an arc and attacked Lian from behind.
‘Let the unbreakable will and stronger pride dwell in the sword.’
The slime broke apart and flowed around Lian.
‘Courage to choose the right thing.’
slam!
Slime rose like a tidal wave and hit Lian.
‘Please engrave an iron resolve that will not be shaken in front of that courage.’
The position of Lian, who activated Axing, was 5 meters away from Mucus.
‘Always make me stand on the side of the weak.’
“Kyayayaya! Kill! Kill!”
A detached corps of underground people rushed at Lian, drawing a curved trajectory in the desert.
“Do not give in to the logic of the strong!”
Lian split the underground man in his way in two. (1 kill)
“Guide the sword only in the spirit of chivalry!”
Then he twisted his back and cut off the waist of the underground man who followed him. (2 kills)
“Crush it!”
Sand fragments splattered as bullets hit the desert.
As Mucus got closer, Lian’s steps quickened and he finally started to run.
“Don’t miss it! Catch it here!”
When the detached unit was wiped out, the combat unit rode in jeeps and motorcycles in earnest.
The shock wave of the powerful bullets shattered the bones in Lian’s hand, who was blocking his path with his greatsword.
But, as always, <idea> is unbreakable.
“Yaaaaa!”
The will to slash was against the law, and the greatsword cut down the underground man with the motorcycle. (3 kills)
“Turn right!”
Lian didn’t care about the enemy’s detour and only slashed those who got in his way (5 kills) and moved toward Sirone.
“Never let it pass!” (6 kills)
The next column of fighters charged with rifle fire, but Lian swung his sword as if cutting through the landscape to clear the way. (8 kills)
“Um, isn’t that crazy?” (10 kills)
When he pushed into the rain of bullets without hesitation (13 kills), even the belligerent underground people were stunned.
It was as if the ground was flowing like a torrent beneath Lian’s feet as he ran with his sword hanging down.
“Taha!”
He swung his greatsword like a blow and cut down 1 person (14 kills), swung it wide and struck another person in the opposite direction (15 kills).
bang! bang! bang!
Hundreds of bullets pierced Lian through the flames as the grenade exploded.
“Great!”
Lian, whose clothes were burning in the flames, charged forward like a yakcha while holding his greatsword straight ahead.
“Yaaaaa!”
Let Lian, who jumped into the center of the enemy camp, turn.
Aaaaaang!
Denied blades wiped out all enemies within the radius like a stubborn beast. (16-24 kills)
“Is this all!”
At the end of the rotation, Lian transformed into a straight line and rushed like a bullet.
Slash,(34 kill) Slash,(38 kill) Slash endlessly(41 kill)
Slash,(45 kill) Slash,(48 kill) Slash endlessly.(51 kill)
‘Run! (54 kill) Never stop!’ (55 kill)
Every time he swung his sword (58 kills), bullets were driven into Lian’s body one after another.
After passing through the shoulder and side and breaking the ankle, I started to hear Smille’s hallucinations again in my ears.
“Damn it!” (61 kills)
It is unknown how long the illusion will last, but at that point it must have been his own death.
The distance to the pyramid was still far (64 kills), and the number of enemies outnumbered the dead (65 kills).
“You bastards!(67 kill) What the hell are you doing!”(68 kill)
Taejang drove the jeep himself.
It was a situation where dozens of people were dying because they could not catch a stupid human who rushed at them with a conventional weapon, a great sword.
“Oohhhh!” (70 kills)
Lian cut through enemies like a blow (73 kills) and charged Taejang.
The two arms wielding the greatsword ignored inertia (75 kills), and the bones of the underground man were only cut off like rotten branches (79 kills).
The captain leaped into the air, pointed his rifle at Lian between his legs, and fired his rifle.
“Huh!”
Lian raised his sword at Taejang with terrible pain and even more terrible fear.
‘It just caught me.’
An underground man holding a sniper rifle out of Lian’s line of sight pulled the trigger.
The bullet, which flew faster than sound, pierced Lian’s heart with a bang.
“Ouch!”
All organs went into a state of shock with the feeling of electricity going through the whole body.
“Hahaha! You fool!”
Lian, who had been trembling as if convulsed after being shot, suddenly flinched and slashed the flying giant. (80 kills)
“Uh, how… … ?”
As Lian, who should have been dead, was still alive and moving, the faces of the underground people turned pale.
“I am… … .”
It is Sirone’s sword.
‘So until I save the master… … .’
Lian ran out with a strong grip on her sword.
“Never die!”
Axing-denying (death denial).
“Aaaagh! (81 kills) Monster… … Kuk!” (82 kills)
The underground people let out a scream boiling from instinct.
Listening to Smille’s hallucinations, Lian’s figure as he rushed into a rags body seemed to push death itself.
“Is it a yaksha… … .” (84 kills)
At the top of the pyramid, Baknyeo looked back at Lian to the north.
After overcoming death and encountering the sight of fighting enemies (86 kills), a name I had heard a long time ago came to mind.
“Death Knight?” (88 kill)
—————————————

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-547.txt
=============YYYYY=============
[547] Daejikdo (3)
Death Knight.
Although it is not a common sight, there are several anecdotes that can explain Lian’s phenomenon to Park Nyeo, who has experienced 10,000 years of time.
In the history of war, some knights fought beyond death.
Their aspirations for life remain so strong that they cannot close their eyes even after death is the power of will that can only be explained as a unique law.
‘It’s the first time such a case.’
I’ve seen a decapitated man wield a sword for more than three minutes before collapsing.
However, Lian’s inaction was active enough to be on a different level from that.
“Rian… … .”
Watching Lian fight to the death, Sirone felt nostalgia for an emotion that no memory can ever replace.
‘Right, it was… … .’
Ryan was such a friend.
The fact that he risked his life to come running was never to harm himself.
‘I don’t know anything. What am I supposed to see?’
If this world is a lie, as Rian said, how can I explain the friendship with him in my memory?
“I can’t last long anyway.”
Park Nyeo came to that conclusion.
“I will die without coming here.”
It was impossible for a person to survive being hit by so many bullets, so Sirone bit her lip and stopped thinking.
The world can be turned around with the sacrifice of one person.
This world must be true.
If not, what is the love, longing, happiness and joy of those who have lived here?
Fraternity was the best choice Sirone could get out of being locked up.
When the shock wave that shook the world came from the back, Park Nyeo turned her gaze to the battlefield where Shura and Miro were fighting.
“It’s a huge beating.”
The sight of the incarnation of Kannon frantically beating Shura from all directions made my limbs tingle just to see it.
“Aww, that sucks!”
However, the one who was frowning was Miro, who continued the offensive.
Except for the place where the two banyas were fighting, Mucus was in control of the south, flowing east and west and climbing the pyramid.
‘Am I saying time isn’t on my side?’
Miro glared at Shura and bit his teeth.
The incarnation of Guanyin, expressed in three dimensions, seems to have a view contemplating the world from the top of the sky.
However, in the realm of the spirit that Miro accepted, it was a four-dimensional view, that is, an open field of view in all directions without any blind spots.
The extreme scale opens space-time.
Therefore, the attack of Guanyin can be applied anywhere in space, and the speed of continuous hitting is also not limited by time.
‘Quan Yin Torpedo Field.’
As Miro waved his hand, thousands of overlapping Kannon palms fell from the sky.
Shura, who made a hand sign, opened the snake’s eyes and activated her ability.
The gestalt of union – the strangulation of God.
Around her, human-sized inverted crosses were born, then bent like rubber and assembled into spheres with no gaps.
Then, the repeated blows of the Gwaneum Torpedo were pierced violently enough to pierce the ground.
“Whoa, that’s really annoying.”
The inverted cross studded with red jewels disintegrated, revealing Shura laughing with her long tongue flicking.
“Have you been trapped in the dimensional wall for too long? The labyrinth is also out of date.”
‘He’s talking about what’s on the subject of monsters.’
Contrary to my heart, I had no choice but to admit that it was Shura’s garden.
No matter how great the maze was, competing with the lawyer who dealt with lies in Apocalypse was like a lion jumping into the sea and fighting a shark.
‘I have to destroy the pyramid.’
The key is to lift the law surrounded by the pyramids, but Miro wasn’t the one who could pull off the task.
“I know what you are thinking.”
Shura said while shaking the incarnation of the snake.
“Are you trying to hold me back and make someone else break the law?”
Miro didn’t answer.
“But we are not the only enemies. Can I break through this and make it in time?”
When I turned my head to the place Shura was pointing at, the entire desert was engulfed by Mucus.
“damn!”
Marsha spat out a curse.
In a situation where just avoiding the guardians’ attacks was daunting, Mucus rose from the floor and attacked her.
Although he stabbed several Guardians with a dagger of his own, Mucus’s expansion speed was too fast to wait until he was exhausted.
“Do not interfere with our mission.”
Ekser, who has the power of a bat, flew over Marsha’s head and swung her twin swords.
As she flailed and rolled over the mucus, slime rose like an awl along her movements.
“What are you asking me to do!”
The moment Marsha gritted her teeth and stood up, Targang, who had the ability to detonate, opened a crater in her fist.
“It’s over!”
pop! As her gas exploded, she hurriedly flung Marsha, who fled her seat.
“Huh!”
Right before the fall, Mucus stood up while building a wall and received Marsha.
The slime flowed rapidly, bound her limbs, and rose like a regurgitation, floating her body dozens of meters in the air.
“profit! Let go of this!”
After struggling for a long time, Marsha looked back at the other side of the pyramid.
Caught in the same state, Fermi made eye contact with her and shrugged.
“I’m really going crazy!”
With everyone stranded, Lian was the only one left.
“That… … !”
Turning her head to the north, Marsha’s eyes shook in shock.
‘I don’t stop!’
Seeing that the bottom of the pyramid was covered in Mucus, Lian increased his speed even more.
However, Mucus was now also slithering like a torrent, following Lian’s heels.
“Shoot! Shoot even if you don’t die! I mean crush it with bullets!”
An all-out attack by combat units was launched.
“Aaaaaaa!”
Every time Lian’s sword moved like a flash, the whole body of the underground people was split into several pieces. (164 kills)
bang! bang! bang! bang!
As grenades exploded in all directions, dozens of shrapnel pierced Lian’s left palm, which covered his face.
As the bullet zigzag scratched the ground, his ankle snapped off.
“Great!”
Ryan frowned and kicked the ground with his right foot.
The massacre began as the body fell in front of the enemy lines as if being pulled.
“Ouch! Ears, ghosts!”
Lian’s face, covered in blood, was a perfect yaksha.
“Oh God… … .”
Priest Bebeto opened his mouth in disbelief.
immortal body.
The body of eternal life that only those who received the recognition of the sun could have was reproduced in front of my eyes.
“Get ready, Sirone.”
When the mucus flowed in from the east and west reached the top, Park Nyeo said.
However, there was nothing for Sirone to prepare.
It was enough to savor the end of life while feeling the texture of the slime that coiled around the ankle.
The agony that had put him in confusion so far disappeared like a lie when Mucus clung to his body.
will make a beautiful world
‘Hello everyone… … .’
Tears of blood flowed from Lian’s eyes as she looked at Sirone.
‘I’m sorry, Sirone!’
The blood of the enemies pouring down like rain mixed with bloody tears and flowed down his face.
‘Just like now in real life, they must have fought at the cost of everything!’
The blood vessels in the heart that could not handle the speed of blood flow began to break.
‘That’s why I fell in a place like this!’
Smille’s auditory hallucinations became clearer.
‘I couldn’t protect you!’
“Stop! I mean stop it!”
As they approached the pyramid, the concentration of firepower soared to an all-time high.
When a grenade exploded behind him, Lian jumped to the surface with shrapnel stuck in his back.
I managed to land, but my left ankle was cut, so I lost my balance and fell to one knee.
“Now! grenade! Shrapnel!”
“To my heart… … .”
Rian stood up and jumped out, glaring at the enemies with only white eyes left.
Establish the Kingdom of Faith!(211 kill)
“Aaaah! (213 kill) Shoot! (215 kill) Shoot!” (218 kill)
Let the unbreakable will(219 kill) and stronger pride dwell in the sword!(221 kill)
“Don’t come! (223 kill) Don’t come!” (225 kill)
Engrave the courage to choose the right thing (226 kill) and the iron resolve that will not be shaken in front of that courage (228 kill)!
“Save people (231 kill)! (233 kill) Kkeok!” (234 kill)
Always be on the side of the weak!(236 kill)
“I’m going to die like this (239 kill)!” (240 kill)
Don’t give in to the logic of the strong!(244 kill)
“Retreat! (246 kill) Retreat!” (248 kill)
Only lead the sword with the spirit of chivalry! (250 kills)
“Kreureung! Kreung!”
Numerous shapes of creatures protruded from the top of Mucus, which was barely catching up with Lian’s speed, as if it were submerged.
Park Nyeo, who was watching Lian’s rush as if pushing the whole world, spoke in a calm voice.
“… … Mach is rushing in.” (257 kills)
The shape of the slime that only pursued Lian’s movement from the end of the field of vision is a large straight sword that is not disturbed in the slightest.
She did not hide her feelings in front of the belief that she could be sure that it would continue to be so because it had been so.
“I’m afraid, yaksha.”
It was the first time I felt so afraid that something was approaching.
“run! Ryan, run!”
Marsha struggled and shouted.
Fermi, who had been pathetically watching the honest progress, had no choice but to cheer for him this time.
‘I do not have time. The union will begin soon.’
Bebeto screamed.
“Aaaaaaa!” (273 kills)
Anyone who thought that a yaksha, advancing through death, was approaching them could not help but feel numb.
‘little bit more!’
After killing 273 people, Lian’s vision, which was full of blood and flesh, was wide open.
King Kong, who was waiting in front of the pyramid, pounded his balloon-like chest and shouted.
“come! Let’s see who is stronger!”
As Lian grabbed the greatsword, the tip of Mucus transformed into a huge beast and bit his left arm.
“Keugh!”
It was a result that gave despair to Miro and joy to Shura.
“Krurruk! Kruck!”
As if not to miss the last chance, Mucus poured slime on the beast to inflate its size.
“it’s over. This is unreasonable.”
Fermi also had the same idea as Marsha.
‘That’s stupid. Ignore the tactics of what that belief is.’
However, Lian was still walking with her left arm, which could not be pulled out, behind her back.
“yet… … no.”
Even if everyone says it’s over, even if you deny that it will never work.
‘Because I couldn’t protect you!’
There is one voice that can never be denied.
“yet… … !”
that’s right.
“It’s not over!”
it’s your own voice
Axing-deny.
“Aaaaaang!”
When Lian shook his shoulder with the yaksha’s Ilgal, the mucus of the huge beast was ripped off from his left arm.
“Oohhhh!”
As the tons of weight fired like a cannon, King Kong greeted him with open arms.
“Take it! I am the strongest underground… … ! 100 million!”
At the same time as the collision, King Kong’s voice was swallowed up, and he flew away buried in slime and crashed into the pyramid.
Quaaaaaagh!(274 kills)
Lian, whose left arm was ripped off, frowned, baring all his teeth in the aftermath of Denai.
“Big uh… … !”
– Smille. Smille.
With no time to recover, he began climbing the pyramid, stamping his broken ankle on the ground.
‘Sirone! Sirone!’
And finally, when I could see the top of the pyramid, I kicked off the stairs with my right foot and jumped up.
“Sirone eh!”
Looking up at Lian floating in the sky, Bebeto sobbed as her tears poured out.
“Ah, my God.”
The sun was covering Lian.
(end of volume 22)
—————————————

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-548.txt
=============YYYYY=============
[548] Code Decomposition (1)
“Sirone!”
Lian raised his greatsword with his back to the sun.
Sirone’s memories could not be restored without inflicting a shock equal to or greater than death on her mind.
‘Sirone, this is… … .’
Rian clenched her teeth and swung the greatsword with all her might.
‘This is my best job sword!’
As he swung his greatsword at breakneck speed, black cracks were drawn along the trajectory that flashed like a flash of light.
As the law was denied at Lian’s denial, the protective shield surrounding the pyramid peeled off like grape skins.
‘Annoyingly denying it.’
Shura frowned and muttered.
There was no time to look back, but the terrifying power of will contained in the great sword came through the code clearly.
“… … .”
Sirone just calmly watched.
Armand’s robes, which deserved to react as quickly as nerves, could not find any defensive movement.
As expected, when the greatsword stopped right in front of her eyes, Sirone spoke to Lian, who was clearly expressing her frustration.
“Rian, you can’t awaken me.”
“Keugh!”
Watching the hand holding the sword shake uncontrollably, Sirone turned her gaze to the path Lian had passed.
“You came all this way while cutting down hundreds of people, but… … .”
Sirone’s eyes turned to Lian again.
“I don’t feel any hostility from your sword.”
As if to acknowledge Sirone’s words, the trembling in Lian’s arms disappeared.
“Yes, you are right.”
can’t kill
The Sirone that Rian knew was not a weak human enough to wake up in the face of death.
“Rian, how far is the truth? you… … What the hell am I?”
“I am your sword.”
Lian swallowed a bitter moan that leaked out.
“My flesh, my blood, my bones! It’s all yours!”
As Lian’s voice became the hand of truth and grasped Sirone’s heart, a piece of information from a very distant memory began to rush into my brain.
‘but… … If what Lian said is true, if all of this is false. What am I?’
Shura shouted.
“What are you doing! Kill them quickly!”
When Park Nyeo’s sword flew at her neck, Rian’s eyes widened as she hurriedly twisted the greatsword to block it.
“Huh!”
When Lian’s body flew away with the power so great that it could destroy Denai, Park Nyeo kicked off the stairs and jumped up.
‘It’s truly mysterious.’
To her, Lian was a foreign being even in the 10,000 years.
‘What kind of law is it?’
Yaksha’s axing distorts the law, but whether the body can withstand it is another matter.
Therefore, usually, as the intensity of the distortion increases, the law acting on the body also becomes grotesquely distorted.
This was the reason why there were no normal human beings among the leaders of the Tenro Society.
‘It’s not a schema.’
On the other hand, Lian’s axing does not consider the body at all.
Perhaps transcendental regeneration might be his axing, but even a Death Knight could not crawl out into the realm of life again from the already fallen realm of death.
‘Should I check it?’
Bak-nyeo’s body, which exploded the nirvana power, began to rotate terribly in the air.
As the laws installed in the virtual 8-cylinder were implemented in a chain, a terrifying 8-hit attack came as if it would tear Lian’s body apart.
“Rian! Kut!”
Just as Sirone was about to run to Lian, a vast amount of information penetrated her mind.
Digital Ra, connected to Syrone through Mucus, was attempting the anecdotal ritual.
– Human, become one with me.
“Not yet, not yet!”
As long as the bruises of the truth that Rian carved directly into his heart throbbed, he couldn’t leave the world like this.
-You and I are changing the world.
“Aaaaaaa!”
As the brains of Digital Ra and Sirone were connected, the memories of the two entities began to merge into one.
‘Quan Yin Torpedo Field.’
As Kannon’s palm flew toward the pyramid, Shura blocked the way and invoked the law of defense.
The Gestalt of Aggregation – The Ten Commandments of Negation.
A huge inverted cross appeared in front of Shura and blocked Kannon’s palm.
“I’m really going crazy. You go out and see.”
Miro gnawed his teeth.
Man in the open state dealing with the laws of a confined world is like being able to build something freely with toy blocks.
If the Pyramid in reality is the unique 1 in terms of the number of laws, the Pyramid here is the ‘Pyramid designated by Shura’, which is 2.
The boundaries of the law are disconnected like blocks, and the limits of the world are clear.
This meant that Shura’s law was clearly used like magic in reality.
“Let’s do this until the end.”
Miro, who had been glaring at Shura, who was focused on defense, increased the scale even more.
“profit! profit!”
Meanwhile, Marsha, who was struggling with the phlegmatic, turned to Fermi and shouted when it was difficult to escape.
“Do something! This is really going to end!”
Fermi, who was also imprisoned like her, clicked his tongue as he checked Sirone’s condition.
‘Sheesh, I can’t.’
It’s still not enough, but I couldn’t take it any longer.
‘Frozen magic. Hyper intercooler.’
When the magic of the archmage, purchased for a whopping 100 million gold, was activated, a cold haze rose around Fermi.
Mucus snapped and froze, and in an instant the ground shimmered like arctic land.
Marsha watched the frozen Mucus from below and prepared to escape.
At the same time, a huge incarnation of Guanyin fell from the sky and crushed a quarter of the pyramid.
Kururrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr!
As the pyramid collapsed without the defense of the law, Shura stuck out her snake tongue and muttered ferociously:
“Abominable human… … !”
Even though it was his own garden, it was only to make the attack of Guanyin go astray.
However, Miro did not live 10,000 years.
It was incomprehensible to Shura, an eternal being, that a human who was no different than a ephemera could control such a gigantic concept.
“Aww!”
Sirone, who lost contact with Digital Ra, couldn’t stand the shaking of the pyramid and fell forward.
“The Archon!”
Just as he was about to climb the Yoga Pyramid he was watching from the ground, a series of strange sensations penetrated his back.
“Huh!”
When I turned around, there was Marsha, who stabbed the dagger in her hair.
“… … What have you done to my body?”
After confirming that the smoke of desire had gone out, Yo asked, but Marsha was not the one to answer.
“die.”
The son-in-law was immersed in the darkness as he reached out his hand and was about to break the fragments of the silver mirror.
“what?”
Fermi grabbed Marsha’s hand and cast teleportation.
‘Dark magic, the veil.’
When Marsha turned her head away from the darkness, the shadow drawn from the pyramid was enclosing Yo in the form of a sphere.
“From now on, we’ll work together.”
Having destroyed Shura’s shield, there was no need to distract her any more.
When Fermi disturbed the colony’s guardians with various magics, Marsha stabbed the dagger of her immorality at will.
The smoke of desire revealed the location of the two people, but Fermi’s ability to block the access of the guardians with the magic of the veil and crowd control technology was amazing.
‘I said he’s Sirone’s rival. Certainly this guy is not unusual.’
Depreciation transactions did not have a unique ability like other regulation eating out, but had the advantage of completely ignoring attribute affinity.
Being able to use the polar opposites of light and darkness, water and fire at the same time means that you can respond to all the variables that arise.
In terms of mission performance alone, it was difficult to find a professional wizard like this.
“It needs to be removed as soon as possible. There is no time.”
As Fermi said, Mucus broke off the frozen area and moved up new slime to Sirone.
“Sirone!”
Rian threw herself into the pyramid again, but now the barrier of a woman who was too much for him was blocking his way.
‘Nirvana power!’
The endlessly accelerating cycle of the law endowed Baknyeo’s body with abnormal activity.
The pattern was simple, but the higher the RPM, the higher the power as well as the speed.
Aaaaaaaang!
When Park Nyeo’s sword hit Lian’s sword as it was, the shock of twisting the bones in her body was transmitted.
“Great!”
The two yakshas glared at each other with their faces distorted like beasts.
Then, as Rian’s regenerated left arm grabbed the handle of the great sword, Park Nyeo’s face turned pale.
The moment his monstrous senses intuit the huge wave of power that was about to unfold, Lian swung his sword as he fed Denai.
“Yaaaaa!”
Mach rushes in.
In front of the waves of the law that can’t be blocked by anything, Bak-nyeo broke the cycle and twisted her body.
bang! Park Nyeo exhaled a heavy breath as she saw Rian’s arm muscles burst the moment the greatsword hit the ground.
“ha. ha.”
The weight of the sword Lian wields is the weight of the world.
I still don’t think I’ll lose, but to be honest, I don’t know how I can win.
“Move. I’m with Sirone… … .”
Lian’s steps, which were moving forward with his head raised, stopped abruptly.
Bak-nyeo, her face distorted like a wolf, was smiling, revealing her white hair.
“to the end… … will you do it?”
For the first time, Lian took a step back.
“Really with me… … .”
Bak-nyeo’s pupil returned to its place, but it was no longer a normal human’s.
“Are you going to go all the way?”
Axing – Nirvana E – engine.
With a bang, the ground shattered and Bak-nyeo’s figure disappeared.
Mounted on eight cylinders was only acceleration, and her body spread in afterimages as if it had been torn apart.
Rian reflexively raised his greatsword.
At the same time, dozens of sheaths were formed in all parts that could not be defended, and blood burst.
“Big!”
In fact, the speed at which the body is torn is normal.
However, Schema, who had trained for 10,000 years, reliably endured Park Nyeo’s body.
“Not yet, not yet.”
Through the muttering of Park Nyeo’s voice, laughter leaked out as if she had two vocal cords.
The reason I haven’t experienced the speed limit so far is because none of the enemies have died before that.
‘But you are different.’
Ryan is different.
If this man did not avoid or run away, he would respond as expected even if he poured his all into it.
“damn!”
All Rian could do was defend his neck with his sword.
It felt as if my body was burning as the flesh fell off without even giving me room to regenerate.
‘Am I unable to protect my lord again?’
Lian’s gaze collided with Sirone on top of the pyramid.
“Rian… … .”
Sirone looked at Lian, who was bleeding profusely, with a bewildered expression.
As the information that started from a very distant memory was stuck in my brain, I was impressed enough to crush all the memories I experienced here as insignificant.
– I am an Ogentrian.
His name is Ogent Lian.
-let’s be friends. how is it?
The moment he held his outstretched hand, everything in his life changed.
-I am Sirone’s sword!
He always protected himself behind his back.
“Rian. how… … How could I forget you.”
As the information recovery rate reached 99%, hot tears flowed down Sirone’s cheeks.
“Liaaan!”
Even in the strong wind created by Park Nyeo’s movements, Lian could clearly hear Sirone’s voice.
‘Yes, it doesn’t matter if it breaks.’
Rian grabbed the handle of the greatsword as if it would crush it, and at the peak of acceleration, Baknyeo let out a shout of joy.
The moment I became convinced that I could kill anywhere, the pale Bakdo revealed afterimages like a vicious drill and poured into Lian.
Ryan clenched his jaw as if his teeth were going to break.
‘My flesh, my blood, my bones!’
And with all his might, he swung his arms around.
‘It’s all yours!’
Boaaaaaang!
An iron-colored orb wrapped around Lian’s body.
As Bak Do’s repeated hits hit the iron wall, the iron orb flashed as if on fire, and soon after, Bak Nyeo’s afterimage bounced outside.
“This… … ?”
He swung a greatsword with both arms that had been given a denage and instantly defended in all directions.
“Big!”
Lian’s arm holding the greatsword had all its muscles gone and only bony bones remained.
“I’m coming! Sirone!”
Lian, who grabbed the handle of the sword with the power of the law, kicked off the ground and flew out.
Puff puff puff puff!
Lian’s figure disappeared, and the ground on the left and right exploded in succession with Park Nyeo as the center, and rushed forward.
‘It’s going back and forth so fast you can’t see it.’
is it left or right
As she moved her eyes from side to side, she fixed her gaze as if realizing something and shuddered.
‘I don’t know.’
In a situation where even the monstrous senses remained silent, goose bumps broke out all over Park Nyeo’s body.
—————————————

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-549.txt
=============YYYYY=============
[549] Code Decomposition (2)
You have no choice but to choose between left and right.
The reason why it is not captured even with the monstrous senses is probably because Lian’s movement is exactly divided into two halves.
It is a movement that is absolutely impossible without borrowing the power of the law to exist only with an exact 50% probability whether it is left or right.
And that movement pushed Bak-nyeo into a life-and-death gamble.
‘left!’
As soon as the traces of the ground exploding approached, Park Nyeo turned around and raised her sword.
With a bang, Lian’s greatsword plunged.
There was no time to gauge the power of the sword, so Bak-nyeo blew her body immediately upon impact to increase the distance.
“Big!”
Lian’s body staggered as he swung the greatsword wide.
Then there was a terrifying sound as the femoral and calf muscles ruptured.
The pain was intense on the remaining nerves, but Park Nyeo was also in a state of disinterest.
‘Blocked. Did you stop it?’
He was able to block Lian’s sword by turning his body to the left, but he left it to chance with an honest heart.
The decision that it was better to believe in the 50 percent probability and act than to hesitate in the face of a crisis showed how disciplined she was as a prosecutor.
But if you think about it backwards.
‘I almost died.’
50 percent chance.
He, who had lived for more than 10,000 years, was almost cut by the sword of someone who had not even lived for 20 years.
Even the lingering feelings of life are yakcha, which are emotions from the distant past, but the humiliation was as great as that.
‘Cut it!’
Bak-nyeo exploded her nirvana power to the limit and ran to Lian.
‘I just need to be careful with that.’
When Denai was combined with super regeneration, the power was stronger than any axing, so I didn’t even give myself a chance to fly from the beginning.
Rian, who confronted him, blocked the attack by moving his arm, which was only bone, with the power of the law.
If Baknyeo is an acceleration, Rian is an orderly speed.
The difference between technology and experience is absolute, but he was enduring it by filling the gap with the superiority of speed.
“Rian… … .”
Sirone, who was watching the battle in awe, murmured.
“You’ve gotten stronger.”
It’s a mess of mixed memories, but watching Lian’s miserably beautiful inaction brought joy to the depths.
“The Archon.”
At that moment, Sirone’s heart sank.
The reason you can tell just by hearing the voice is because the wave of death is deeply buried.
Where he turned his head, the smoke of desire escaped and the exhausted yoga was sitting on its knees.
“yo. this… … .”
“Arson, the colony’s sun… … .”
Before he could finish his words, Fermi’s aircut decapitated Yo.
“yo. this!”
Sirone’s heart pounded wildly.
She was a woman with an expression as if she had the whole world in one shining magic.
Even though he was a slave, he was the first person to trust and follow Sirone.
‘They’re all dead.’
The corpses of the guardians were piled up under the pyramid, and the combination of Fermi and Marsha was coming up behind them.
“The Archon.”
Sirone, who had to hear what he didn’t want to hear, cursed that he had ears, but his head was forced back.
Priest Bebeto was smiling benignly.
“The Archon is the one who has the language of God. That is why I also suggested a confrontation.”
Thanks to this, Sirone was able to save his life.
“Please, make the world a better place.”
“no!”
The moment Sirone shouted, Bebeto connected the cord and disappeared.
Appearing in front of Fermi and Marsha, all he can do is buy time by using his body as a meat shield.
Sirone watched as Bebeto was being hacked to pieces by the dagger in her hair.
Please make a better world.
Someone did it, and Bebeto did it.
Even if all of this is a lie, can even their suffering be a lie?
-It can be reversed, human.
As Digital Ra’s voice penetrated, Sirone looked down at her feet.
Before he knew it, a new slime was riding up on him.
“Can you turn it back?”
-You can save them. You can get rid of all the pain in the world.
Slime rose to her waist.
– Accept me. It is to become a god and remake this world.
“Rian… … .”
Lian, who was still struggling with Park Nyeo, seemed to be telling her not to do that with her whole body.
“Sorry.”
Sirone calmly closed her eyes and accepted Digital Ra.
“Huh!”
As the combination ended, the immortal function opened, and the incarnation born from Sirone’s body spread its wings of light.
As if flying toward the sun, Mucus pushed Syrone up above the pyramid.
“it started!”
Shura, who was fighting the maze to the death, opened her eyes wide and looked around the pyramid.
Everyone looked up at the sky as a light stronger than the sun settled down on the ground.
Sirone and Ra became one and took control of Apocalypse’s time and space.
“iced coffee.”
Human agony seen through Digital Ra was a combination of numerous random numbers.
War, starvation, torture, and all kinds of suffering imaginable were unfolding in that union.
-What are you looking at?
A voice I heard somewhere.
Gaia’s voice came up from the bottom of my memory and stuck in my mind.
‘pain.’
-What are you looking at?
‘death. The extinction of life.’
-What are you looking at!
Sirone’s eyes widened.
‘eventuality!’
As the Ultima system, Elysion, was activated, another voice engraved in the farthest history of mankind reached Sirone.
-What are you looking at at the ultimate end?
Sirone replied:
“… … ball (color immediately ball ball instant color).”
Cuckoo Cuckoo!
As the world shook, Shura activated the pyramid.
‘Show me what you have.’
Miro also needed to know what Sirone’s collateral was, which made the equivalent exchange of Valhalla actions possible.
‘Yeah, what the hell happened?’
The world turned into a digital code and began to fall.
It is natural for Under Coder to have unique codes and numbers dripping down like rain, but what was surprising was what came next.
‘The code is being simplified.’
Inherent codes, that is, those that consisted of infinite bases, were simplified and dropped past billions to decimals.
‘Five digits. ternary number. binary number.’
Shura, who had analyzed that far, opened her mouth blankly as she felt her head turn pale.
“Decimal 1… … .”
one.
All codes were converted to 1.
Even with binary numbers, Shura was able to estimate the information of the sun and the information of the clouds, but now it was impossible.
Even if the sun’s information is 11 and the cloud’s information is 111, there is no way to divide the two at 11111.
‘There are no boundaries. this is it… … .’
It was the Gaian insight, Elysion.
Further, Miro realized.
‘Because it’s the simplest, you can reach the ultimate.’
And beyond that is only the infinite realm.
Elysion was the only key to open the locked door and escape.
The corpses of the guardians and the corpses of the underground people were buried in the huge flow of 1, and Shura, who came to her senses, threw herself at Bak-nyeo.
‘The ball is rolling in!’
Even if the world ended, she pulled the back of Park Nyeo, who was fighting, and she shouted while avoiding Lian’s sword.
“I have to get out! Reset!”
“wait! Still winning… … !”
Shura disassembled her and Baknyeo’s bodies into Code 1 to conform to Sirone’s protocol.
Rian looked at the collection of 1s that permeated the cascade of codes and went up as if flowing backwards.
As if it were an optical illusion, the boundary line was visible for a moment, but it was soon indistinguishable from other codes.
Meanwhile, Sirone was still looking beyond the ultimate in the dark space of the Small World Creation.
“Why are you leaving!”
Mucus Man appeared behind Sirone.
When she couldn’t connect with Sirone even with a digital signal, she borrowed a human form and chased after her.
But he couldn’t touch Sirone.
It was a distance of less than 1 meter, but it was the boundary of the ball that Ra could never cross.
“Have you forgotten the value of this world! Can you leave after seeing so many pains and entanglements in life?”
“There is no lie or truth.”
Sirone turned around and said.
“It’s just a dream that came out of nothing.”
After those words, Sirone slowly turned around and walked away into the darkness.
“Wait, Sirone! You are obligated to answer me. How… … !”
Ra couldn’t hold on to Sirone.
That was the gap between the closed state and the open state, farther than the end of the universe.
“Sirone!”
Apocalypse Reset.
Syrone expunged (Leave the information system).
* * *
“What happened?”
After the code disappeared, Miro and the others remained alone in the pale empty space.
As Marsha and Fermi looked around, the exhausted Lian sat down.
Only the maze knew it was the spot.
“Rian.”
When Sirone appeared after cutting through the white scenery, Lian rushed forward with her aching body.
“Sirone, you… … .”
“okay. everything came to mind Sorry for worrying you.”
Ryan bit his lip.
The fact that everything came to mind meant that even Sirone herself was just information.
“Sorry. But to save you… … .”
“Rian, I’m fine.”
Sirone was sincere.
“Thank you for coming all the way here to save me.”
Sirone turned to the others.
“Thank you, Mr. Miro, Sister Marsha. Fermi, you too.”
The fact that Fermi didn’t have the slightest hint of animosity made me guess what Sirone’s current condition was.
“Well, you don’t have to do that to me either.”
Fermi shrugged and approached, embodying a depreciation transaction contract in his right hand.
“I’d like you to sign it first.”
Sirone looked at the contract, but nothing caught her eye.
Upon receiving the pen, Sirone engraved her name on it.
“Is it done now?”
Fermi turned around without even replying.
His shoulders trembled slightly as he stared at the contract and walked to a place where others couldn’t see.
‘Cheuk, heck, heck.’
The counterfeiting was successful only when the signature was handed over to reality, but Fermi’s face was already triumphantly smiling grotesquely.
‘Finally got it! 190 billion gold!’
Sirone, who was looking at Fermi’s back, smiled empty yet beautiful.
I wish I didn’t bother myself too much in real life, but it didn’t matter anymore.
“Then, hello everyone.”
“Sirone, wait a minute!”
Before Lian’s cry was over, the scenery changed to the Mirror Room, where the Undercoder’s last entrance was.
“Sirone… … .”
Miro came over and put his hand on Lian’s shoulder.
“Don’t be sad. It was a natural thing for Sirone now. The real problem is the real Sirone.”
“What do you mean?”
“The Ultima system integrates all information into one. Therefore, Sirone’s Elysion has no boundaries. In other words, there is a possibility of controlling immortal functions to the limit.”
Fermi’s impression crumpled.
He was a difficult opponent before he went to heaven, but now he has more trouble.
“I don’t know what it is, but it means that Sirone is getting stronger. Isn’t that a good thing?”
Miro shook his head.
“no. Elysion is a double-edged sword. There is nothing beyond the ultimate. Predictably, it won’t be something that humans can endure. Is there a possibility that Sirone will return to reality with that futility in front?”
Ryan’s face darkened.
“But that… … .”
“I know. The world of Apocalypse cannot exceed the limits of human thinking. So I can’t guarantee that it will be possible in real life. But if a situation like today happens again… … .”
Miro hesitated for a moment before opening his mouth.
“Sirone will never come back.”
—————————————

=============ZZZZZ=============
