=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-402.txt
=============YYYYY=============
[402] Final Decision (2)
Middle East. Paras kingdom.
On a map west of Paras, the origin of an ancient civilization, the world’s largest Akkadian Desert is colored ocher.
An endless sea of sand.
It is extremely difficult for living things to endure in this place that has been heated for eons of time.
However, human footprints were imprinted on the smooth, spread sand as if it had been applied with cream.
Where the footprints were headed, a giant pyramid called an ancient ruin stood tall like a mirage.
In the heart of the Akkadian Desert, all the oases have dried up, and even travelers can’t reach it, but few people know that this is the dungeon where the world’s most famous mage lives.
A dungeon that belongs to A2 infiltration difficulty.
The person walking leisurely inside was Kang Nan, the former chief secretary of the Tormia Magic Association.
Wherever she passed, monsters of tier 5 or higher were wriggling against the wall.
The sound of high heels hitting the stone floor echoed with high-pressure suppression of their groans.
Gangnan’s attire was a mess due to the long battle.
The button was missing, so the front was open, and the stockings were expanding in places in the form of droplets.
In his right hand he held a long horn, one of the dozens on a monster’s tail.
The tail was connected to a green body that weighed well over two tons, and at the end of the body, a basilisk, the king of the desert with a hideous depressed nose, was coming along with its tongue out.
mess.
The appearance of Gangnan dragging a monster 20 times bigger than himself was obviously foreign, but even that was a minor problem compared to the light gait that he could not feel the weight of.
Kang Nan, who arrived at the end of the labyrinth, pushed through the stone door.
It was a huge cavity, and countless creatures living in the desert were stuffed with dried skin like tree bark.
At a table 80 meters away, someone in a turban could be seen intently working with his back.
Instead of knocking, Gangnan grabbed the basilisk’s tail and threw it.
Whoops!
A majestic echo resounded in the Great Cavity.
“If you know, can’t you just let me in?”
Only then did the turbaned figure look back. She was a slender woman in a desert-colored cape.
The eyes without double eyelids were large and long, and the chin was delicately slim. He was biting on the pacifier used by newborn children, and contrasted with his deep dark eyes, it created a mysterious atmosphere overall.
“It’s been a while, Kangnan.”
The woman’s name is Zulu.
He was a certified first-class wizard of the kingdom of Paras and the only one among tier 1 monsters who could summon a lich and was the strongest summoning wizard on earth.
“yes. You seem to be doing well.”
Gangnan spoke Middle Eastern, but Zulu insisted on the continental language.
“What am I? I haven’t been out much since then.”
The custom of attaching honorific words to certain endings remained the same.
It didn’t match the grammar of the continental language, but it couldn’t be helped if it became a habit from the beginning.
“sit down. I will bring you something to drink.”
Kang Nan moved with a worried expression.
With Zulu’s skills, he could make water in one sitting, but the problem was that he didn’t do that. It seemed that when he became a first-class archmage, he developed his own rationality that was different from common sense.
As expected, Zulu poured an unknown liquid into a test beaker and set it on the table.
Kang Nan’s expression as he looked at it was uncomfortable.
If it’s not magic, water in the desert is more valuable than jewels. Even if it wasn’t drinking water, a huge amount of water would be needed to run the experiment equipment in the Great Cavity.
The fact that the stuffed monsters around them were squeezed together without a drop of moisture was not because of their eccentric tastes.
Zulu removed the black teat and savored the liquid in the beaker. Since it was precious water, Gangnando had no choice but to pretend to drink it.
“I’ll have a good drink. Surely it won’t be like the urine of desert maggots like it was 10 years ago?”
“I can’t give something like that to someone who hasn’t been in a while. It is very precious water.”
Kang Nan tilted the beaker slightly and tasted it.
As soon as my tongue started to get wet, a feeling of exhilaration rose in my throat.
“It’s fine. Then what is it?”
“It’s my pee.”
Gangnan held the beaker and spat out the water in his mouth.
It could be said that just by not spilling it on the floor, it was an enthusiastic response to the first-class archmage’s favor.
said Zulu with a smile.
“don’t worry. It is distilled water.”
“Of course it should. But I think I have a lot of this in my body.”
“Whoops. It’s still the same, Gangnan.”
Zulu recalled 10 years ago when he first met Gangnan.
Although he had a much more rustic and youthful appearance, the harshness that gripped Gaold, the world’s madman, was no less than now.
‘You’ve grown a lot.’
Gangnan at the time was a wolf shedding blood. A hostile beast that set its fangs against anyone.
But now, much of that belligerence has been captured.
If he came down to the 19th floor of the pyramid without Gaold, he would have to assume that Simma had escaped.
“The elements in the natural world cycle. There is a cycle within a cycle. The act of drinking water is not to have water, but to intervene in the great cycle of life and death and cause another cycle. Humans can assimilate with nature when they entrust themselves to a perfect cycle with nothing to throw away or leave behind.”
Gangnan listened to Zulu’s words.
Not a magician, but the truth meets at the pinnacle.
If it was the teachings of the 1st class archmage, there was nothing to discard.
“Is that the secret to being able to command the King of the Dead?”
A lich is a thought body created by combining the flames of the great wizard. Therefore, it is known that since the target is already dead, the final stage of the boss, extinction, cannot be cleared.
Rumors circulate in the academic world that Zulu himself became a lich and that the summoned beast was just a doppelganger, but Gangnan, who actually saw him summoning a lich, knew it was a lie.
When I saw it 10 years ago, I just thought it was overwhelming, but while working as the chief secretary of the Magic Association, I really became curious about the secret.
“How on earth is that even possible?”
Zulu turned her head away with sad eyes.
“This is the land of the dead.”
The explanation was there, but it seemed like he knew Gangnan.
If you are a magician who realizes the principle of circulation that you can fill it only when it is empty, there is no reason to hide the secret of your boss from the beginning. However, since that is all of life, it was just too huge to put into words.
“okay.”
The Great Cavity of the Pyramid is the cradle of Zulu.
Abandoned here as a baby, she survived alone without anyone’s help.
Did the monsters in the dungeon become their parents?
Zulu wasn’t sure.
When she came of age to come to her senses, she was still alone, and all that was left was a small black nipple that her parents must have left behind.
From then on, the Zulus made the huge dungeon their home.
Death always rested on her shoulders. When you sleep, when you have to eat, even when you breathe.
It was a different kind of survival than what people in the slums like Radum experience.
For Zulu, survival was not a longing for life, but just another death in a changed form.
Gang Nan also had a rough life, but I couldn’t even imagine what Zulu’s life would have been like.
She spent her childhood with hundreds of monsters in a dungeon where she could not find food or water.
It may have been inevitable that Zulu became the world’s strongest summoning wizard.
“I came because I have something to ask of you.”
Kang Nan, who got to the main point, bowed his head and begged until his forehead touched the table.
“Help Gaold.”
Zulu was lost in thought with her gaze somewhere. Then he slowly opened his mouth and answered in Middle Eastern.
“I get it.”
Kang Nan’s head flashed at the faster-than-expected acceptance.
In fact, getting the Zulu out of the pyramid was extremely difficult. Many of her high mages, even the royal family of Paras, begged her to become her aides, but all were refused.
Above all, Zulu is unaware of the current situation. Now that the plan we talked about 10 years ago is completely different, we have to take a risk with little chance of survival.
“sorry. There’s something I haven’t told you. Things suddenly changed… … .”
“Gaold is like a child.”
Zulu recalled the first time he met Gaold.
“He is not trying to empty anything. He holds on to the end and refuses to let go, even though he is so wrapped up in it that he is about to explode, even though he is about to die in pain.”
Kang Nan closed his mouth and listened.
“Nevertheless, the reason I was able to hold on was because I was waiting for the time to pour everything into it. Now is probably not the time. If this is also part of a larger cycle, then I think Gaold might as well stop relaxing.”
“Mr. Zulu.”
Kang Nan held back his tears and gave him strength.
Why do I shed tears when I hear the words that understand that disgusting human oblivion?
Sympathy for a madman abandoned after 20 years of hard work? If that’s not the case… … .
“and.”
Zulu said with a pretty eye smile like a child.
“Because when I’m with Gaold, something fun always happens.”
Kang Nan raised the corner of his mouth with wet eyes.
That’s it. A pure obsession that ordinary people will never understand.
It may be that he was possessed by the madness of a person who bet everything on one thing.
Zulu got up and prepared to leave.
All I had to do was to bite the pacifier and pack two water bottles in a small bag. It was a simple burden to see as a first-class archmage’s appearance.
“let’s go. It’s a quick ride to the continent if you take the Kydra.”
Kaidra, a tier 3 summon monster, was a gigantic bird that could fly 7,000 kilometers a day.
Kang Nan looked at Zulu’s back as he left the Great Hall, then lowered his head in the unique attitude of Ram Muay.
In a different way from Gaold, he was someone he respected.
‘thank you.’
Kang Nan looked back at the beaker on the table.
cycle. It can be filled only when empty. If you can’t fill it, you can’t empty it.
Taking a deep breath, she took the beaker and drank more than half full water at once.
“Eww.”
Again, this doesn’t fit.
The taste was definitely water, but it seemed that the trick of the Ilsimjo was not for anyone.
Wiping the steamy inside of his mouth with his tongue, Kang Nan followed Zulu and left the Great Hall.
* * *
As soon as the sun rose, Sirone went to the principal’s office.
The first thing Gaold asked for was to deliver the note to Alfeas.
Seeing Sirone who suddenly came, Alpheas made a surprised expression, but after reading the note, he silently nodded.
Sirone also left the principal’s office without saying a word.
There must already be kingdom intelligence agents around the school.
As long as there was no confirmation that Gaold was coming, he wouldn’t be as vigilant as the capital, but he had a sense of danger for Gaold to act alone.
‘If it’s the principal, he’ll take care of it.’
Alfeas, who has gone through all of the prenatal battles, can be relieved.
Also beside him was Olivia, a certified 2nd class archmage, so he was going to figure it out somehow.
It was not the time to worry about Gaold. Sirone is a suspect entangled with Gaold in some way, and she could end her life without being able to do anything.
There is no one who cares about Sirone’s well-being in the face of a world-class event called heaven.
It was a situation where I had to make my own judgment and find a way out.
‘Ikael… … .’
There is a reason to meet at least once after throwing away everything, but the situation was different from a year ago.
Even if he returns alive, he will become a traitor for the rest of his life and will not be able to escape being pursued.
Fortunately, Sirone still has the initiative.
After discovering the possibility of destroying Heaven, Gaold would classify Sirone as a key figure in the project, and if so, at least the foundation for survival would have been laid.
‘First of all, information collection comes first. We have to solve them one by one, as carefully as possible.’
Short-sighted thinking can be more effective if things get out of control and out of control.
It was best to solve the immediate problem by following it like a blind man.
—————————————

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-403.txt
=============YYYYY=============
[403] Final Decision (3)
After completing the battery implementation evaluation, Sirone headed to the restaurant with her friends.
Although I got a perfect score, there were quite a few sections where I felt uneasy, perhaps because I was disturbed.
As if my friends had already noticed, the atmosphere at the table was different from before.
Sirone was not in the mood to care about other people’s feelings.
When will you hear back from Gaold? No, even if they contacted me, what choice would I make?
Everything was just unsettling.
“Sirone, what are you worried about these days? The expression is not very good. Aren’t you sick?”
Amy put down the dishes and asked.
Even if it wasn’t Sirone, all the students were down, but today, their faces were so pale that they couldn’t bear to see them any more.
“are you okay. It’s just that I’m not feeling well.”
“Sometimes there are kids who can’t control their condition before the midterm. I was like that last year too. Hold on a little longer though. Vacation is coming soon.”
Sirone tried to smile.
As Amy, who has already experienced her senior year, she must be worried about herself shaking before the turning point of the 15th week.
“Sirone, water here.”
Maya personally poured water and handed it to Sirone.
It was pitiful to see him not eating properly and playing with his fork.
“Yeah, thank you.”
Sirone obediently accepted Maya’s favor.
When dealing with someone, it can be said that his attitude towards Maya was unusual because he measured the distance of the relationship before emotions.
Amy pouted her lower lip and watched as Sirone and Maya exchanged words.
Maya is a nice and bright child. That’s why she wouldn’t hurt getting to know Shirone.
But at the same time, I felt strangely uneasy.
Do you feel like you’ve been deprived of a place you didn’t even know you were?
Sirone asked while examining Maya’s plate.
“what? Maya, why aren’t you eating?”
“I ate it all. These days, I don’t go in as much as I used to.”
After the evaluation of occupying the high ground, Maya reduced the amount of food she ate.
To be precise, the original body has returned to the amount of food required.
Realizing that she had no talent for vocal music, Maya decided to enhance her sonic magic with her original voice, following Iruki’s advice.
You have to become a wizard, the primary goal, to have a future.
But more important than her career path was the aspiration in her heart.
I want to be loved by Sirone. I want to appear in front of him with a more beautiful appearance.
Just by not binge eating, Maya’s appearance became noticeably prettier.
As he lost weight in his face, his eyes became bigger and deeper, and the bridge of his nose also came alive.
His plentiful flesh had shrunk, and his clothes were loose, and his shoulder line came down to his arm.
Even the seniors couldn’t openly ignore Maya like they used to.
In a sense, it was bittersweet, but the human nature of giving power to beautiful things seemed helpless.
Nade and Iruki were also curious as they looked sideways at Maya’s changing appearance day by day.
‘Certainly a lot has changed. The faces you saw in picture books are gradually appearing.’
As such, the strange tension intensified.
Everyone knew that Emiya was a miser, but Maya was bad at hiding her emotions, so she fell for Sirone.
Amy suddenly raised her voice.
“Do you have rice now? Even today’s battery evaluation is okay. If I hadn’t been careful, I would have made a mistake on one issue. Class Two is the stage where you compete with Class One. If you make a mistake in the first half, it will be more difficult in the second half when your stamina is relatively low. Keep your mind straight and do it.”
Amy, who had already failed the graduation exam once, knew that now was the most important time.
Even if everyone is depressed about the Magic Association incident, they must face it with a firm sense of purpose.
It’s rice. It’s not like dying from starvation.
If you’re not alert now, you’re missing out on the biggest part of your life.
Amy hoped that Sirone would not regret it.
“Sirone, try eating this too.”
Maya cut Sirone’s favorite part of the meat so it was easy to eat and released it.
It was an act that revealed as if to block nagging, and there was actually a tearful side.
As the team grew closer, the question was whether Amy really loved Sirone.
Of course, Maya also wants Sirone to become a great wizard, but he thought that what a person who is stressed out with nightmares needs is not advice, but comfort.
‘It’s too much, Amy. If I were you, I would go crazy with happiness. I should be able to do anything Sirone asks me to do, but treat me carelessly like this.’
Sirone took the meat that Maya had given her and put it in her mouth.
I picked it because it was in the best condition to eat, but I didn’t even know who brought it.
My head felt like it was going to burst with all my thoughts.
Had Gaold met Alfeas?
If the NIS is caught, continuing the evaluation as it is could be dangerous.
Just as navigation does not guarantee the safety of students, it is foolish to be optimistic about entrusting one’s life to someone else.
Sirone put the tableware down.
Since Amy and Maya were in the middle of a war of nerves, Nade and Iruki flinched and looked back.
“sorry. I’ll go to the dorm first. I am very unwell.”
Maya got up right away, but Sirone left the restaurant without making eye contact with anyone.
Amy was just frustrated.
She knows that Sirone went to the Association. She is, so she wanted to tell me first.
Like when I went to heaven, like when I went to Kazura, like when I went to the old castle ruins, I wanted you to come to me first.
‘What’s the reason? Why didn’t you say anything this time?’
Maya looked at the door until Sirone left, then turned to Amy biting her upper lip.
There is no reason to hate Amy. What made her angry was the current situation where even her own feelings had to be approved by her.
Feeling Maya’s gaze, Amy raised her head. Then she hurriedly turned her head away.
When I felt a firmer determination than ever in Maya’s eyes, I thought that something had finally come.
“Amy, can you talk to me for a minute?”
Amy’s heart sank.
I thought it couldn’t be, but in a corner of my heart I knew that this time would definitely come, but when it came to me, I thought ‘just a little later’.
“Can’t we do it next time? I’m a bit busy today… … .”
“It only takes one minute. I’ll wait outside.”
As Maya walked away with the tray, Amy’s head went pale. But in the end, I got up from my seat with a bit of reason that the future will come.
Nade and Iruki shrugged as they watched Amy follow Maya as if possessed.
* * *
The book ‘Looking into the Darkness’, which was placed in the principal’s office library, went into the bookshelf by itself, tilted at 45 degrees.
The lock clicked with a thump from inside the closed library with the sound of gears turning.
A secret place designed by Alpheas long ago to store Erina’s memories.
But now, all of her belongings have been moved to the annex, and the room on the 3.5th floor is empty.
Alpheas and Olivia went down the stairs side by side.
Unlike Alpheas’s bitter smile, Olivia’s expression was fierce. Perhaps, she seemed nervous.
“It’s been a while, old man.”
Gaold, who was sitting cross-legged on the bare floor, raised a hand resting on his chin and said hello. Flu was guarding him.
“hello. My name is Fleur, a Certified Level 8 Wizard.”
“Long time no see, Fleur.”
Fleur lowered her gaze at Olivia’s greeting.
He has no shame in the face of the sky, but socially he appeared as a traitor, so he had no face to see his teacher.
‘I was a clever kid, but why did someone like Gaold… … .’
It was a child he had been keeping an eye on since he was the headmaster of the Royal Magic School.
But the bright road ahead was now blocked. No, he was a fugitive with no guarantee of a future life.
All of this is because of Gaold.
How many people can one lunatic tire out and disrupt society?
Gaold looked around curiously.
“This is the Panic Room that has been rumored. I didn’t know it would really exist, but anyway, the inspiration is also cunning.”
Alpheas omitted the gossip.
“Why did you come to see me?”
“this… … A disciple visited his alma mater, and it was a congratulatory order. Isn’t that too vulgar?”
“The school turned upside down because of you alone. Not a day goes by without agents coming in and destroying the school. If you had come just a few days sooner, everyone would have suffered.”
“Geuk, Alpheas of the world is finished. The gore that walks around here wouldn’t even know the agents came and went, and if they still had agents, they wouldn’t let me in.”
“You know that. So don’t ask me again. Why did you come to see me?”
Gaold sighed and exhaled.
If you had come to ask for a difficult favor, you would have to lower your stance, but this guy’s school didn’t go far.
“I’m thinking of going to Estas.”
“at last… … Are you saying you want to meet Miro?”
“Heuk, then I think you came to find something you left behind?”
“Gaold, your dogma is disturbing the world. Miro also doesn’t want to see you anymore. She took it all in and went in on her own.”
“How does the inspiration know that?”
Gaold’s eyes widened.
Flew, who sensed the denial of super fever, squinted one eye, but Gaold only changed his face in a frightening manner, but did not radiate any murderous spirit.
“You know how many times I have sent in goal the guys approaching Estas. Not a single person has been let in for 20 years, including me. But how do you know what Miro is thinking?”
“Gaold, Maze… … .”
“it’s okay. I will go into Eastas myself. Because we made it anyway. In fact, I have one more favor besides that, take care of me.”
Alpheas asked in a resigned voice.
“So, what kind of situation are you talking about?”
“As you know, my limbs are all cut off. I got them all from the association. Of course, the key factors remain intact, but you can’t do anything with your head alone. lend me someone Become a competent guy.”
No matter how good Gaold was, it was impossible to carry out all the operations alone.
A person with a powerful one-shot is also necessary, but a minimum party, such as a person who creates tactics, a person who uses it, and a person who supports them, must be equipped.
“You say you are at this school, the Bishop of the Karsis Monastery.”
Olivia came out in a fit of fuss.
“Do you think we will send our precious school personnel to limb? And what you’re about to do is against the survival of mankind. Rebellion is not enough, are you trying to disturb the world now?”
“You are shutting up.”
Gaold entered the room and saw Olivia face to face for the first time.
His stamina didn’t explode, but energy that seemed to pierce his body was emanating from his eyes alone.
“Do you know why I’m still keeping you alive? huh? Do you know! Please answer me.”
Olivia kept her mouth shut and glared fiercely.
“Because it’s not worth killing.”
The sound of grinding teeth came from Gaold’s mouth.
“abstention? A person from the Teachers’ Association, a student from the Kingdom, seems to be dragged into the dimension of cowardice, but what, renunciation? Do you know what they say about someone like you? dissembler. You don’t like this or that, you have one of twenty cards that can determine the survival of mankind, and the only thing you choose is to give up?”
Olivia’s lips trembled. The gaze that had been glaring at Gaold slowly descended.
“Oh, it was inevitable.”
Whatever the choice, it wasn’t the result Olivia was hoping for. No, actually, that thought was an excuse.
It was just scary. He was so terrified that he couldn’t choose anything.
Transparent tears formed in Olivia’s eyes, vividly feeling the sense of helplessness at the time.
Gaold turned away with an embarrassed expression.
She is a second-class wizard recognized by the world, but in the end, she couldn’t even shed her skin. That’s why she is only a 2nd class Grand Wizard.
‘This is why I didn’t want to come to school.’
It’s all about the past here.
A past that cannot be erased no matter how much you erase it.
Gaold couldn’t even remember what happened an hour ago, but the scenery reflected in his eyes on the Day of Judgment of the 20 People could clearly recall even the feelers of insects attached to leaves.
“ha.”
Gaold looked back at Alfeas.
It was a very human expression that probably everyone who knew him would have seen for the first time.
“Help me, please. Master.”
“… … .”
There was a day called the 20 Judges.
The day when 20 people representing the world and Miro’s position gathered to decide the future of mankind.
The result was 16 votes in favor, 1 vote against, and 3 abstentions.
There was only one person, Mirhi Alfeas, who valued one life more than the lives of all mankind.
The only one on Gaold’s side, he gladly carved opposition into his cards.
“You know. I don’t trust anyone but Master. Help me. You have to find the maze. It’s not even dead. He’s still alive there, so why the hell are you not looking for him?”
Alpheas was immersed in anguish.
Perhaps Olivia’s choice in the Judgment of the 20 was the most rational decision that Sun could make.
But he knew how it felt when a precious person who could not be replaced with anything in the world disappeared right in front of his eyes.
It is not a choice made for the sake of the world. Alpheas was also an inescapable madman.
“Dear Ethella… … I beg you.”
Perhaps Ethella would give permission.
The Bishop of the Karsis Monastery and the immediate successor of the Yin-Yang Wave Fist.
If he hadn’t humbled his body and mind with the conviction of one thought and three thousand, he would not have the talent to be in the current position.
It was enough wood for Gaold to use.
“Stay here for a while. The agents will be taken care of by me and Olivia. Let’s get ready to open Eastas.”
When Alpheas turned around with a tired face, Gaold finally regained his smile.
Then, as if thinking about it, I raised my hand.
“Oh, wait.”
Alpheas turned around in front of the stairs.
“Since you asked for it, invite just one more person.”
—————————————

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-404.txt
=============YYYYY=============
[404] Final Decision (4)
Team Sirone gathered at the park for the first time in a while and discussed their schedule during vacation.
If the second half of the senior year is going to be more intense than the first half, it was better to set up a strategy in preparation for it from now on.
“Last year, I practiced alone, but I found out that there are some kids who form a team and do it. So, we thought it would be a good idea to form a group and do camp training.”
It was a part that could not be easily thought of unless it was Amy who went through the senior year, so her friends were also reviewing it positively.
Iruki raised his finger and said as if there was one thing that bothered him.
“Of course, students with a team have an advantage when it comes to occupying a hill or interpersonal combat. But do you know After all, only 10 passers-by. Even if we team up, we still have to compete with each other to make it to the final 10. In short, how far should information be shared?”
If you have a trump card ready, it’s natural to want to save it until the graduation exam.
If it was a two-person team, it would be close to a miracle for all five to pass, so it was an issue that had to be addressed clearly.
It wasn’t something that Amy didn’t know about either.
“I thought so too until last year. But you don’t have to use all the vacation days. First of all, we can gather together and focus on basic training, and then study the special moves alone.”
Amy emphasized that strengthening teamwork might increase the passing rate rather than studying special moves.
The reason is that the one who controls the current senior class is Fermi, and Sirone and his party are all stamped by him.
Since it was not known what would happen on the day of the graduation exam, the only way to reduce variables was to stick together.
“I think Amy is right.”
Nade unconditionally agreed.
Actually, the graduation exam was okay, but it was thousands of times more fun to train with friends than to endure months in a terrible hometown.
“How about doing this? Let’s do a short-term training camp for about a month, but let’s borrow the senior class system. We set goals for each day and score each other.”
Iruki nodded as if he understood.
“You mean to keep up with the senior class routine. that’s a good way In a short amount of time, you can increase your achievement level, and in the remaining time, you can practice your own special moves.”
Even while various opinions were presented, Sirone kept her mouth shut. He just kept his friends’ faces in his eyes one by one.
Nothing has been decided yet, but the feeling is strange.
If I had to think of something in the last moments of my life, it would be the faces of my friends gathered here right now.
“huh? Maya, where are you sick?”
Sirone looked back at Maya for the last time and asked back in surprise.
Maya’s complexion was not good. Her face was frightened pale, and her chest was rising and falling wildly as if she was having trouble breathing.
Nade, who belatedly discovered Maya’s condition, asked anxiously.
“Are you okay, Maya? Shall I take you to the infirmary?”
Maya quickly shook her head.
Then, as if he had come back from amnesia, he raised his head and looked back at Sirone.
“Sirone.”
“huh?”
“love you.”
Silence fell on the park bench.
Nade opened his mouth, and Iruki quickly blinked. Amy was the only one waiting for Sirone’s reaction with a calm expression.
Sirone glared at Maya and swallowed.
It wasn’t a joke this time. Her emotions, which had fallen like drops of water every day, formed a lake in her heart before she knew it.
“Uh, there… … Shall we get out of the way?”
Maya shook her head again and said.
“I didn’t think I would be able to summon up the courage twice, so I wanted to say it in front of everyone. I’m sorry, Sirone. but i fell in love with you Please accept my heart.”
Maya took out a stationery from her pocket. It smelled like flowers.
“Can you read it?”
After delivering the letter to Sirone, she averted everyone’s gaze and got up from the bench.
“I will hear the answer then.”
Nade looked at Amy as Maya left, leaving behind unknown words. Even in this situation, it was still a poker face that was not disturbed.
Amy walked behind the bench and peeked out from over Sirone’s shoulder.
“Envy you. Get a confession from a woman. What is written on it?”
It would be rude to return Maya’s heartfelt letter.
However, considering the delicate relationship between Sirone and Amy, it was a problem that could not be said to be absolutely necessary.
When Sirone hesitated, Amy smiled and tapped her on the shoulder.
“It’s a joke. what’s so serious You knew Maya liked you.”
“No, it’s too sudden… … .”
“Go to your room and read it to yourself. Read it two or three times. Then you can do whatever you want. Maya is a good kid. I’ll go first. I’ll see you tomorrow. hi.”
Amy sighed and left without a moment to catch her breath.
It was only his face that was calm, but his voice was angry, and his behavior was awkward.
“Hey, what are you going to do? Is there anyone who has decided?”
Sirone held the stationery and looked into the distance.
Amy and Maya. They are so good that you can’t even think of hurting anyone.
‘Now I have to make a decision.’
Maybe Maya’s confession was a good thing.
Heaven or humanity, I wondered if it was something that had to be sorted out first before discussing such grandiose issues.
“Nade, Iruki. I have a favor to ask you.”
* * *
afternoon the next day.
Sirone entered the principal’s office.
Alpheas silently pointed to the library and opened the secret door.
When I went down the stairs to my room, the expected and unexpected people were waiting for me.
The former were Gaold and Fleur, the latter Etela and Shiina.
“teacher?”
“You’re here, Sirone.”
Shiina’s face didn’t look good.
As I had heard everything about the existence and danger of heaven, and the people involved in the dark side of this incident, I couldn’t help but feel it.
Sirone realized why Gaold had come to Alpheas.
Now that his limbs have been amputated, there are not many people he can turn to for help. If he was a teacher at Alfeas Magic School, he would have enough power.
“You must have had a hard time alone. Now the teachers will protect you, so don’t worry too much.”
Ethella, the Bishop of the Monastery of Karsis, would not fail to take action in the face of the fate of mankind, but Shiina’s decision this time was solely for Sirone’s sake.
There is no room to reveal Sirone’s life, feelings, or dignity in a world-scale event. With the heart of a teacher who only cares about the safety of her students, Shiina willingly chose to go to heaven.
“teacher… … .”
Was it sad without realizing it?
Days of nightmares, fearing that his life would be destroyed by a sudden incident and worrying that he might be caught and sentenced to death by the NIS, passed by like a kaleidoscope.
“Are you here? Called to share all information as per the terms of the contract. Open Eastas today and meet Maze. It will be impossible to have a conversation in samadhi, but it is something you must check before going to heaven.”
Gaold’s voice reminded me.
This is the first reunion with Miro in 20 years. She also knew that it could be her last day seeing her.
“But can we go on like this? I don’t know if there are still agents left.”
The NIS set up barricades around Estas and searched the warehouse to find the ‘upper level’, which is said to contain the space-time of the maze.
Although he made a fuss and turned away, the possibility that he was still hiding could not be ruled out.
“Hey, it’s okay. In the yard that came this far, it doesn’t matter, right?”
Gaold left the room proudly.
When the wizard known to be the strongest in Tormia acted as if there was no problem, others followed without a sound.
After crossing the barricade of Estas, ninety-eight warehouses were scattered like dismantled blocks. Operation was stopped at the highest level of isolation.
“Nothing has changed here.”
Gaold opened the lid of the Istas’ instrument panel.
At that time when my hands were wandering because I didn’t know which one to touch first, 10 National Intelligence Service agents came out from the back of the building.
“Mikea Gaold, under the Kingdom Security Law, you are arrested for treason.”
Sirone hurriedly prepared for battle.
When his fears became reality, he realized how foolish he had been in following Gaold.
It was overlooked that even a first-class archmage was basically insane.
How could he have left such an easy judgment to Gaold? As if possessed by something.
Gaold wasn’t even looking at the agents, he was examining the instrument panel.
“Hmm, how did you manipulate this? Hey, was it the red button?”
A cold voice came from behind the agents.
“It’s the blue button, you idiot.”
The agents split left and right and a man walked out.
The moment she looked at him, Shirone felt goosebumps all over her body.
All Baek’s hair had no eyebrows, and her thin, thin lips were indistinguishable from her skin.
Most bizarre were his amber eyes. The irises were ticking like the gears of a clock.
“Ah, right, it was blue, right? As I get older, I keep blinking.”
The man ignored Gaold’s words and walked towards Alfeas. Then, in what seemed like a perfect isokinetic motion, he bent his back.
“How are you, Headmaster?”
“okay. It’s been a while, Sein.”
“Se, Sein?”
Only then did Sirone look away from the agents.
One of the first members of the Supernatural Psychic Research Society that Gaold had mentioned before. He was also the creator of the Master Equation of Istas.
Etella gently put Sirone on the shoulder and pointed at the agents.
“Sirone, look at them with synesthesia.”
Following Etela’s instructions, Sain’s Spirit Zone split into tentacles, and he could feel that he was connected to all the NIS agents.
“Mind control?”
“that’s right. That is the highest level of mind control.”
If they came from the NIS, the force of the agents would be more than average. Also, due to the nature of the job, it had to be seen that there was resistance training in the mental system.
A person who succeeded in mind control on such people with 100% probability.
I’ve heard from Arin that in order to be able to do that, concentration equivalent to 20 times the opponent’s mental strength is required.
Estas started to hum.
Gaold released his hand from the blue button and introduced Sein to Sirone, still looking at the instrument panel. This was also included in the contract.
“Sain is a Servant and a spirit-type mage. He currently works under the pseudonym Snake in Black Line. After all, he’s a red-lined triple-A offender. Get your autograph.”
“A black line?”
Sirone glanced sideways at Sein with an uneasy expression.
The Black Line is a group of people who deny the taboos of magic and use magic only out of personal conviction.
It is different from simply killing and harassing people.
It can be seen just by looking at the fact that even Arcane, the villain of the world, was located at the end of the red line spectrum.
Arius of the 7 Magical Girls, who illegally infiltrates the human mind and steals intellectual property, is classified as a risk factor that can collapse the social system.
“Usually, in the Black Line, if I were to pick the strongest spirit type, I would pick two people. One is Madou 7 Girls’ Kitaruman, and Snake. Our team will take the order. Of course, I am the commander.”
Sein snorted.
“The bullshit is still there. Did you really become an idiot for playing house in the association? The reason a guy like you can even imitate a commander is because my orders are accurate.”
‘He has a similar personality to Iruki… … .’
Sirone saw Iruki’s arrogance in Sein.
I thought that if I lived with superhuman calculation ability, my confidence in myself would peak like that.
—————————————

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-405.txt
=============YYYYY=============
[405] Final Decision (5)
“Get out of the way. It is still mechanical.”
Sein pushed Gaold’s chest away and inspected the instrument panel.
Seeing the former head of the Magic Association being pushed around by someone was an extremely unfamiliar sight to Sirone.
However, Sirone’s eyes soon became immersed in nostalgia.
‘Oh, I see.’
Nade and Iruki.
If Sirone finds herself in a maze-like situation, what will the two of them look like decades later?
Gaold, Miro, and Sein, the first members of the Supernatural Psychic Science Research Society, were caught up in the most terrible incident in the world.
Even though 20 years have passed and their paths have completely diverged, their time still stands still.
Gaold raised his middle finger against the back of Sain’s head.
It seemed inevitable that even the world-renowned archmage would become childish when alumni met each other.
Unable to let go of his lingering feelings, he glanced at the instrument panel over Sein’s shoulder.
However, to him, a machine was just an unknown object that worked when irons were attached to it and chanted.
Then he laughed wickedly, as if he had suddenly had a funny idea.
“Hey, you know what? Putting mind magic on a national intelligence agent is the death penalty. If you want to live a long time, you better be eager for me to return to work.”
Saein said while quickly manipulating the instrument panel.
“What do you know about the laws of the red line, you idiot. I can’t remember what happened here as long as I’m mentally controlled. It looks pretty uneasy, should I just bury them alive?”
Ethella frowned.
As the Bishop of the Karsis Monastery, it was only natural that he could not tolerate the black line wizard who was making the world turbid.
But she took no action. Because she believes in Alfeas.
Even if it was because of a cherished disciple’s earnest request, he was not the one to ask for a mission to break the Karsis Monastery’s beliefs.
‘He must have meant something.’
When she heard the story of Heaven, the first thought that came to her mind was that nothing should be judged.
It is not a matter so light that it can be evaluated based on individual beliefs.
The only thing that moved her was the sense of mission to see with her own eyes the whole story of a huge flow that must have started 20 years ago, or even longer.
Sein entered the master mode of Istas.
As green letters flashed on the panel, I quickly entered information by combining several symbols.
Shiina, who had been waiting patiently, asked without suppressing her curiosity.
“By the way, did the Upper Eastas really exist? I know that even the intelligence agents of the NIS returned without finding anything.”
“The upper level exists. There’s just no way to get in. It was designed that way from the beginning. Even I, who analyzed all the patterns of Istas, made it inaccessible.”
Sirone looked around at the warehouses scattered everywhere.
I wondered if an inaccessible room could exist when all the warehouses had already been individually dismantled.
“How is that possible? In fact, you can enter any warehouse now. That’s why Sain also made the master key for Estas.”
Sain came here and observed Sirone closely for the first time.
I knew that I belonged to the project from the moment Gaold introduced me with special care, but no matter how I look at it, I was just a soft kid.
“How do you know the master key?”
“I am a member of the Supernatural Psychic Research Society. Among my friends, there is a Servant, and that friend was like that. The Master Equation of Istas could not be made more beautiful no matter who touches it.”
Sein didn’t laugh. But the explanation was more detailed.
“Perhaps. It is an equation that equates a complex 4-dimensional diagram to a 3-dimensional one.”
The mathematical elimination of one dimension can be compared to the difficulty of making ants understand human language. That’s why anyone can find a research society with a master equation.
A map that has a three-dimensional shape but actually finds four-dimensional coordinates.
“Upper floors are not limited to space.”
Sein nodded.
Sirone’s insight was quite good, but if he couldn’t achieve this level, he was not qualified to participate in Gaold’s project in the first place.
“okay. In three dimensions, Istas is just a warehouse made up of 89 buildings. But the upper level is on a higher level than that. That’s why the agents couldn’t find it.”
“In addition to a specific space, do you mean that a specific time has to coincide?”
“That’s right. Taking the 333 cube as an example, when the cube at coordinates 1. 1. 1 is moved to coordinates 3. 1. 3, what changes is time in addition to space. No matter how fast you turn it, it takes 0.1 seconds. This is called space-time. I came up with this idea and found a way that no one could approach the maze. It is to hide the space-time of the maze at the origin of the cube.”
Suddenly, everyone was listening to Sein.
Even Alpheas, who had once been Sein’s teacher, was now in a position to learn after 20 years.
“No matter how the cube is rotated, in other words, no matter how the pattern of Istas is changed, the cube’s space-time origin never moves, so the upper layers can also be completely concealed. What you created to calculate this is the Master Equation of Eastas, which you are currently using.”
Saliva ran down Sirone’s throat.
I didn’t expect that there was such a serious reason for the Master Equation, which I thought was nothing more than a prank of a study group in the dark.
Shiina said.
“But aren’t we gathered today to go to the upper levels? If no one can get in, what are you waiting for here?”
“Another master key.”
As if that word had become a keyword, I heard the sound of electricity exploding as I gripped the empty lot. It was a noise peculiar to flicker magic that even Sirone was familiar with.
It was a pair of men and women that appeared through the scale magician’s proprietary patent.
The woman was short and petite with permed bobbed hair and gave a cute impression, while the man was tall and had blonde hair hanging down to his waist.
The important thing is that both of them are old acquaintances with Sirone. maybe.
If no two people could be the same in the world, then the blonde man with bandages over his eyes couldn’t be a different person.
The Eternal Reflector, Armin of the Gwangan, was walking.
“Oh, brother?”
Shiina couldn’t believe what she was seeing.
Why is Armin, who should be wandering the world and capturing landscapes on canvas, at the center of the worst human situation?
“Jung, are you really Armin’s brother?”
Shiina approached, but Armin coldly turned away from her and moved on.
His wife, Keira, also headed for Estas without even giving a glance.
Shiina froze in place as if shocked. Her mind was twisted and she couldn’t think of anything.
“You arrived on time. Really, was that rude to the world’s greatest time mage?”
World’s greatest time wizard.
Being a magician who conquered the speed of light, Sirone did not find the title awkward at all. However, Shiina, who knew nothing about him, only deepened his embarrassment.
“A time wizard. What the hell are you talking about, brother?”
Armin was silent until the end.
Sein, who decided that confusion is not good ahead of the event, introduced Armin. It was ironic to Shiina, who thought she knew Armin best.
“In order to reach the upper levels of Istas, you will definitely need the help of a powerful time mage. Armin of Gwangan couldn’t be more qualified than this.”
Shiina shook her head.
The more I listened to the explanation, the more confused I was.
“Keira, how the hell did this happen! Are you kidding me?”
Keira, who always had a lively smile and sometimes said nasty things, but this time she didn’t laugh.
He raised his voice high-handedly, lowering his eyes so coldly that he wondered if it was the same person.
“You’re going to be careful with your words, Mr. Oleifer Shiina. We are Armin and Keira, wizards of the Ivory Tower Human Security Enforcement Department, belonging to the White Line.”
“The White Line… … .”
Sirone, who knew Armin’s identity, couldn’t help but be surprised this time.
If there are associations on the red line and factions on the black line, the white line is a completely independent institution that only ends up in an ivory tower.
Magic that is not abused in the world.
Purity not swayed by the ruler’s beliefs.
The wizards of the Ivory Tower, whose motto are these two, only pursue the extremes of pure magic.
It is said that even ordinary staff are equivalent to a country’s great wizard, and their military power is not at a level that any one kingdom can surpass.
He is the absolute monarch of the sorcerer society, where even the royal family trembles when he holds his certificate of belonging to the Ivory Tower.
But Armin is here as a member of the Ivory Tower.
As a wizard of the Human Security Enforcement Department.
Ivory Tower wizards do not discriminate between departments, but it is true that from the perspective of the Red Line, the Human Security Enforcement Department, which has little to do with society, notices the most.
In fact, it was a famous anecdote that 32 years ago, when Igor, the dictator of the Kingdom of Korn, reached out to necromancy, a wizard from the Human Security Enforcement Department came in alone and made him kneel down and crawl to the floor.
Keira walked up to Gaold and pressed her face.
Armin had no choice but to come because he was stubborn, but if he had already done his job, shouldn’t he have taken care of his business?
Armin was a person far from real life.
“Since you brought Armin, you should also keep your promise. First, the Ivory Tower has the right to record and disseminate information obtained from the construction of the maze. Second, it forbids Olifer Shiina from going to heaven. You know that Armin came here because of the second clause, right?”
“of course. But let’s make one thing clear. It was only if Shiina agreed. I really hate convincing people. Especially if you are a woman.”
“Well, it’s okay. Because Armin knows that. But later you have to tell Armin that I have definitely imprinted the second point on you.”
“Hehe, you live a really difficult life too.”
When Keira said it, she frowned as if asking what she was doing.
Stubborn Armin.
In fact, the Ivory Tower has yet to make any judgments about heaven. This is because it is still seen as a problem that can be sufficiently solved in human society.
But Armin fell for Gaold’s trick.
In order to open the upper floors of Istas, the highest level time mage was needed, and Gaold, who tried to recapture the labyrinth, could not have been unaware of his existence.
The result obtained after investigating Armin’s whereabouts was the same reason why the Ivory Tower was able to capture Armin.
Olifer Shiina.
A woman who is so precious to Armin that he could even exchange his life for it.
That’s why Keira hated Shiina even more.
‘Sheesh, is that girl that good? She’s a girl who doesn’t have any charms.’
When Sein released the mind control, the 10 agents collapsed to the ground like puppets with a string cut off. It was to make sure that there was no variable in activating his thoughts right before the gigantic event.
“Finish it before the agents come to their senses. I will go right in.”
Sain pressed the button on the instrument panel along with the horse.
The 89 warehouses began to mesh in a specific form.
For this moment, Sirone put aside her thoughts of Armin and looked at Estas.
A time mage belonging to the Ivory Tower of the white line, a first-class great mage of the red line, and a top-notch spirit-type mage of the black line.
At the gathering of the three great wizards who reached their peak in different fields, the upper floors of Istas were about to be opened for the first time in 20 years.
—————————————

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-406.txt
=============YYYYY=============
[406] Final Decision (6)
Kurleung. thump.
The buildings of Istas piled up one by one and turned into a huge mass-shaped structure. It was like a giant with two thick legs rooted in the ground.
Sein, who opened the warehouse on the giant’s right leg, spoke to Alfeas.
“If we go in, please activate the Estas again.”
Those who do not go to heaven are not qualified to confirm the time-space of the labyrinth.
At least Alpheas thought so, and intended to do what he could.
“Let’s begin.”
The mischief was gone from Gaold’s face.
We finally meet Miro.
It was rather fortunate that she fell into samadhi. The anger I’ve been keeping for 20 years might shake.
After everyone entered the warehouse, Alfeas restarted the Istas.
Following the pattern set by Sein, the cube-shaped buildings began to repeat the intricate combination and separation.
thud. coo kung. thud.
I can hear the heartbeat of Istas.
With every step he took, Sein’s amber irises ticked.
The left iris flicked left and right at an angle of 15 degrees, and only the right iris rotated with different accelerations for each section.
Sain changed his stride length instead of maintaining his walking speed. It was a way to control time by controlling space.
“Come this way.”
When Sein opened the door, turning at a right angle from the center of the warehouse, another warehouse came up and the door was connected to the passage.
As soon as you cross the boundary, the warehouse you were staying in before will fall down and you will be overtaken by another block and away from you.
This process was repeated countless times.
‘tremendous. I can’t even imitate him unless I’m a Servant.’
The warehouse moves, the world moves, and time moves.
It felt like the concept of space that I knew before was collapsing. Sirone was really walking in 4D time and space.
As Sein’s steps stopped in front of the final destination, Sirone’s eyes filled with vague emotions.
Supernatural Psychic Research Society
A nostalgic sign was hung.
The crooked signboard that always puts it back to its original place but tilts on its own as if ignoring its balance.
When the door was opened, traces of the agent’s stumbling were still there.
The equations written by Iruki on the blackboard were erased here and there, and the picture books that Nade had been reluctant to throw away were left torn to shreds.
Sain walked to the sofa.
“The supernatural psychic science research society in 12 seconds to arrive in the future. In that space-time coordinate, there is the upper layer of Istas. From now on, Armin, it’s your turn.”
Armin walked past Sein and stepped forward.
As a scale wizard who handles time and space, he knew what the upper layer of Istas was without explanation.
“Seven seconds. 6 seconds. 5 seconds.”
As Sain started counting, he heard a strong wind noise, as if caught in a storm current.
It was a phenomenon that occurred as the coordinates of space and time with the upper layer approached them.
The articles of the research society were melted and blurred by the air density of the strong wind, and on the table in front of the sofa, a stone gate similar to the Guffin’s door I saw in Galliant was overlapping as an afterimage.
Woo woo woo!
“Four seconds. three seconds.”
As time passed, the scenery became more paler, and on the contrary, the color of the stone gate came back vividly.
The objects flickered and then became transparent in the space-time coordinates moving away.
“Two seconds. one second.”
The moment when all the scenery disappears and only the shape of the stone gate reaches 100% materialization.
“Now.”
Armin casts a spell.
stop.
“oh my god… … .”
Shiina’s eyes lit up.
The feeling of acceptance was not different between Etel and Sirone.
The upper part of Istas, which was hiding in a specific space and at a specific time, was caught by the stop magic and revealed itself.
20 years ago, a genius girl who surprised the world appeared. And mankind imprisoned the girl in a certain coordinate in time and space that no one can find.
This was the truth of the upper echelons of Istas, which had only been rumored at Alpheas Magic School.
‘It must have been something like this.’
Sirone finally understood Sein’s words.
the origin of the cube. A place that countless agents could not find even after searching.
Armin said as he turned away from the stone gate.
“As long as time is stopped, the door will remain. But you’d better do it as soon as possible. If the situation comes when the magic is dispelled, you will be trapped in the labyrinth of time and space.”
It seemed that such a situation would never happen, but since it was a life-threatening matter, there was nothing wrong with being cautious.
Sirone had also escaped from the space-time of the maze before, but it was possible because he was an Unlocker.
Besides, Miro couldn’t even ask for her help as he was currently in a state of samadhi.
Gaold didn’t think about the problems that followed.
The name of the first-class archmage was colorless, and his heart was pounding, and his face was more flushed than ever.
“Let’s go, Sein.”
“hmm.”
The irises of Sain who followed were also rotating in the opposite direction.
A phenomenon that occurs when coolness and excitement work simultaneously.
The reason he was able to rise to the ranks of the strongest in anti-magic was because he perfectly separated emotions and reason like this.
“Did you say Sirone? You better do it.”
The door to the upper floors was supposed to be unsealed through the Immortal Function, like the Guffin’s door.
Anyway, there are two unlockers on the team. However, it was better for Armin to focus on the stop magic, so it was up to Sirone to open it up.
When Sirone opened the immortal function, the letters on the stone gate glowed, then disintegrated into small cubes and spread in the form of spheres.
As the material melted, a massive black hole was created.
“excuse me… … Who goes in first?”
I don’t know why, but I felt like I had to set an order for some reason.
It doesn’t matter right now, but it could be interpreted as a meaningful event in history in the future.
“It would be right for the person who broke the seal to enter. Sirone, you are the first to enter.”
Armin pushed Sirone with a friendly smile.
Shiina’s mind became complicated as she watched the scene. I felt like I couldn’t even remember who Armin was.
“Then I’ll go in.”
For a moment, the vision darkened, and then the view from the center of the huge temple unfolded.
The scenery with the two-kilometer-high pillars supporting the ceiling was undoubtedly a labyrinth of time and space.
‘I never thought I would come here again.’
One by one, people came over from the black hole.
Just like when Sirone first came here, everyone seemed to be at a loss for words at the temple on a scale beyond human common sense.
“what? however… … .”
Sirone hurriedly turned around. He was looking around everyone to see if he had the same idea.
“What, what happened?”
The maze was not visible.
“Sirone, maybe here… … .”
“no. It is a construction of a maze. It’s no different from when I came a year ago.”
Gaold cast fly magic.
With a pop, his body flew rapidly from end to end of the temple.
It was a ‘jet’-type magic that flew by exploding air pressure, rather than maneuvering by lift.
Gaold quickly moved around the vast temple.
It had a flight similar to the Sirone’s wings, but the level of movement was different.
Returning to his seat, Gaold’s face began to contort terribly. It seemed that superheated hell would unfold at any moment.
“These damn bastards… … .”
“calm down. Nothing happened yet. It’s just that there is no labyrinth in the labyrinth’s space-time.”
There is no labyrinth in the space-time of the labyrinth.
It’s true that there isn’t, but it’s something that could never happen.
First of all, there is no existence that can enter and exit the space-time of the maze. Also, if you are in a state of samadhi, it is impossible to escape on your own.
No, if that was possible in the first place, there would be no reason for Garold to wait 20 years.
“It’s hijacking.”
Sein concluded like that.
“Perhaps they kidnapped Miro from heaven.”
Gaold asked.
“Is that possible? Not even one molecule has ever come over from Heaven.”
“No, there is.”
Armin bent down to pick up debris from the floor.
It was a piece of stone that collapsed from the ceiling when an impact was applied to the space-time of the maze.
Rubbing his fingers to check the material, he said.
“I heard that there was a crack in the labyrinth’s time-space not too long ago. The ruler of the law also came to Tormia Kingdom. I know it was handled and reported by the mage of the Akeanis Shrine.”
“But it’s only a mental body. If you want to kidnap an entire human being, it’s nothing more than a crack.”
“The ivory tower is of the same opinion. However, it is human thinking. Heaven, especially the archangels, may have found a special way.”
Sein put his chin on his head and asked himself.
“Why did you take Miro with you?”
It was an odd question at first glance.
This is because Heaven is planning a final war, and it has consistently expressed its intention to infiltrate ever since the creation of the labyrinth’s space-time.
Sirone asked.
“Of course he did it to invade this world, right?”
Ethella said.
“no. Maybe that’s impossible.”
Sein agreed.
“Just taking Maze has no effect. Even if you kill the maze, the maze’s space-time won’t be destroyed.”
Sirone asked with a puzzled expression.
“Indestructible?”
“The space-time of the maze is basically a dimension based on cowardice. It keeps creating new dimensions within dimensions. Using that infinity, it creates a boundary between space and time. And Miro further increased the speed of the attack through Sammaegyeong. The theory is that even if the maze dies, the inertia of samadhi-gyeong continues to strengthen the space-time of the maze. Of course I can’t understand it.”
As you move into the mental world after death, the control of your consciousness weakens and you are affected by the most intense inertia of your life.
It was for this reason that even if the Virtual Zone was turned off, if it could not escape from fear, it would be buried in the mind forever.
“no. I think I know.”
Sein didn’t even snort.
“It is just an illusion. The illusion of a beginner who thinks he has realized his true intentions by understanding the context.”
How many people in this world fully understand the space-time of the maze?
Even if he didn’t know, it was not applicable to a kid who went to a magic school.
Shiina said.
“Sirone has passed the cowardice.”
Sain’s eyebrow muscles twitched. It was the greatest surprise he could express.
At Alpheas Magic School, the only person who passed the cowardice was Miro. Even at that time, the memory of the uproar about the appearance of a world-class genius was vivid in my head.
‘Hmm. Indeed, Gaold deserves it.’
Gaold put it simply.
“Anyway, they can’t kill Maze. Even so, taking him must have found a way. It’s not a lot of time. As soon as the team is in order, we will go to heaven.”
Sein did not disagree. He was the one who walked through the black line for 20 years for what he is today.
‘but… … Is this normal?’
The feeling was strange.
It was literally a feeling.
Is the result of today, which has occurred now, just an unfortunate situation that can happen to anyone, with really small coincidences overlapping?
If so, what is the identity of this unpleasant feeling of incongruity that haunts your mind?
An extremely irrational thought that if things were going to turn out this way, they should have been twisted somehow over the course of 19 years.
‘Why now? No, why is this happening? Is it normal for me to think like this? Anyway, the world doesn’t go the way you want it to. Attributing transcendent meaning to chance is no different from superstition.’
I wanted to draw that conclusion.
But Sein couldn’t shake it off in the end.
It’s not an illogical thought. Rather, it is a subtle intrusiveness that occurs in the realm of intuition that transcends logic.
‘For sure… … .’
Something was out of place.
—————————————

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-407.txt
=============YYYYY=============
[407] Final Decision (7)
The party left the maze of time and space and gathered in the secret room of Alpheas.
Gaold was sitting cross-legged, his hands resting on his knees, lost in thought.
Not being able to see the maze was disappointing, but that wasn’t the point right away.
“The final war may come sooner than expected. Then we should move faster. Gangnan will be coming to Galliant. One more person may or may not come, but now is the time to make a choice.”
Gaold said to Sirone.
“If the final war breaks out, the one who fights against the enemy will be the hero. But if you follow us now, you will become a traitor who hastened the final war.”
Whether it was a hero or a traitor, it didn’t matter to Sirone.
If it was an operation carried out by someone as skilled as Gaold risking his life, the chance of Sirone’s survival would be less than 1 percent.
“If you give me time, how long can you give me?”
“We are leaving for Galliant tonight. Of course, I will wait until the Gangnan comes, but it won’t exceed 2 days at the most. If you decide to go to heaven, come to Galliant. Because inspiration will take care of school problems. Well, on the way to die, what use would that be?”
Gaold was not afraid to take risks.
I need Sirone’s ability, but if I’m going to attack with a clumsy resolution, I’d rather not be on the team.
If you take a frightened kid with you, you won’t be able to do anything and you’ll be annihilated.
Armin took a step closer to Gaold.
Even after confirming the construction of the maze, the reason they followed it was to fulfill the contract.
“Shina does not go to heaven.”
“Ah, that was a contract. good. Shiina, you can’t go to heaven. Get out of the team as of this time.”
Shiina shook her head.
If Armin had come for that reason, and if the reason Gaold had invited him was only that, it would have hurt his pride as a certified 5th class wizard.
“Why should I follow someone else’s opinion and not the team? I will go to heaven.”
“You say so? With this, the contract is over.”
Light emanated from within Armin’s bandages.
Keira gulped down her saliva as the blade raged.
“I am not in the mood to joke. You’d better fulfill the contract properly. If you want to go to heaven in good condition.”
The reason Shiina revealed her identity even though she knew she would be hurt was only to prevent her from going to heaven.
Rescuing the maze? It’s bullshit.
Armin of the Human Security Enforcement Department knows Heaven’s armed forces better than anyone else.
Gaold is a special type of Red Line 1st class that specializes only in combat, but even if he tried with all his might, it was questionable whether he would be able to deal with an ordinary angel, let alone an archangel.
Of course, it’s not impossible.
There are no absolutes in battle, and if even a tiny variable is snowballed, you might be able to defeat it with strategy and tactics.
But the enemies of heaven are unlike anything in the human world.
In the event of a collision in the absence of information, the winner is determined simply by the logic of force.
That’s why the Ivory Tower, as well as the Temple, is focusing on postponing the final war until as much information as possible is secured.
Gaold replied nonchalantly.
“What are you talking about? I don’t ask for favors. Because I’m not a parasitic brother like you. Even if I don’t take her, Shiina will come to heaven on her own.”
Blood pooled in Armin’s temples.
“Take it in moderation, Gaold. If you want to die, go and die alone. Your madness is only a nuisance to the world.”
“Ah, sorry for bothering you. But do you know what really pisses me off? Why do you ignore the troubles the world has caused me when you say such things? I was the only one who suffered, but you are suffering because the whole of humanity shares it, so don’t whine too much. Listening to it makes me feel dirty.”
Armin snorted.
“A nuisance the world has brought upon you? No, you’re just a madman obsessed with ugly desires. Can you really say Miro didn’t have a choice? Judgment Day for the 20… … .”
“What do you know?”
Gaold’s face turned pale.
The flames were burning in the two wide-open eyes.
“you… … What do you know about mazes?”
“Hee!”
Fleur closed her eyes.
Undoubtedly, the screeching sound of the preta exploded as the superheat hell encroached on the borders of the space.
Even the teachers shuddered in agony as the emotions of pain Gaold experienced spread beyond the physical body.
It was a self-denial that would drive a normal person crazy.
Armin’s nose twitched.
As the light’s eyes flashed eeriely, the phenomenon of the flames stopping from Armin’s back rushed over to Gaold.
From the center of the place where the two stood, the two worlds of fire and eternity collided.
“Don’t do anything stupid. Don’t think you’re the only one experiencing hell. It is the last warning. Promise me you won’t take Shiina with you.”
“Hey, now I know. You are just a lump of blood that knows nothing. Eternal Observer? On the topic that I was hiding in a world where nothing changed… … .”
Gaold’s spirit zone unfolded.
“Are you the kind of people who talk about hell?”
Woooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo!
As the spirit zones of the two collided, the shockwaves generated spread out in the form of spheres and collapsed the walls of the room in a round shape.
“Big uh… … .”
When the real power was transmitted, Sirone was dying.
What’s comforting, though, is that you’re not the only one struggling.
The unbearable pressure squeezed everyone’s hearts as the world of heat and eternity was jumbled together.
At that time, two golden cogwheels penetrated the curtain of hell and rotated in an interlocking state.
The landscape was sucked in and shattered. As if pulling the center of a carpet, the original world began to emerge from the outside of the landscape.
When hell disappeared, people stared blankly at the cogs.
It turned into Sein’s amber iris and spun rapidly, shining like a halo.
Cheolryunan – Equilibrium.
It was the world’s organ that calms all phenomena with two gears that calculate the coefficient of reason and the coefficient of emotion.
Gaold was satisfied when he confirmed that his alumni’s skills had not rusted before going to heaven.
However, it was unpleasant to be treated the same as Armin as an ally with the same goal.
“what? Even if we beat each other up, it wouldn’t be enough. Are you going to try a three-way battle?”
“It is in front of Master. You may not know at other times, but be careful now.”
Sein’s attitude toward Alpheas was no different from Gaold’s.
When the whole world abandoned the Supernatural Psychic Research Society, he was the only one who took their side.
Gaold also had no choice but to become a Hapjuki this time.
Of course, he wasn’t Alpheas who would be swayed by self-denial, but if there was one person in the world who didn’t want to be a nuisance, he was him.
Sein looked back at Armin.
“I apologize for using your emotions. But we need at least one more talented person. If you knew it from the beginning, why don’t you convince Shiina yourself? As I said clearly, we have no intention of forcing the party to give up. It’s not a mission to be performed through coercion.”
Shiina stepped forward.
To be honest, I didn’t want to even look at Armin’s face, but I couldn’t see other people squabbling between me.
“Answer me one thing, Armin oppa.”
Armin, who had been unable to even turn his head until now, spoke in a desperate voice when Shiina opened the door.
“Shina, sorry for hiding it. But I… … .”
“Is Keira your brother’s wife?”
Keira approached with a bright color as if it was just this time, but quickly withdrew with a pale face.
It was because he felt a terrifying life behind Armin’s back, who turned his head very slightly.
Armin turned to Shiina again.
As if it had happened when, the life had disappeared, and it was back to being a mild sheep.
“No, Keira is my watchdog. there was a situation She’s got a sham marriage for a mission. Shiina, everything is for you. Give me a chance to explain.”
A cold breath escaped from between Shiina’s lips.
fake marriage? guardian?
Are you saying that now?
‘I, how hard I was… … .’
I vowed to forget every night. Trembling with loneliness, desperately suppressing the desire to steal, he wished him a happy life with Keira.
But is it a lie?
After deceiving them to their heart’s content, acting as a loving couple right in front of their eyes, all of that was for my sake?
“Shiina, if you want to get angry, I’m fine too. but… … .”
“No, I will tell you.”
Shiina held out her hand and stopped talking.
There must have been circumstances. No, even if she hadn’t, she had no right to be angry with Armin.
The kind of life he lived after losing both eyes to save Shiina was predictable.
“Your brother is my lifesaver. Even if my brother cheated on me for some reason, it doesn’t change the fact that he gave me a new life.”
Armin closed his mouth and raised his eyebrows.
You don’t have to thank me.
If you want, I can take out my heart right now. Shiina, if you wish.
Shiina walked over to Armin and hugged him.
Even though she was held in the arms of the man she so desperately wanted, her heart was tingling as if she had been beaten with a whip.
“Thank you, brother. I won’t forget for the rest of my life I will always be grateful for the life my brother gave me. But now we are grown up. You can’t treat each other with only your childhood feelings. stop, leave me That is my last wish for my brother.”
“Shina… … .”
Armin wept in his soul.
Because he had no pupils, he felt miserable as he did not even shed tears.
I have to leave. Shiina can do anything she wants.
and will wait Because you might miss yourself because of one small whim.
Even if I don’t, I’ll wait my whole life.
“Okay, I will do as you say. Oppa, he can do anything you want.”
Armin tried to caress Shiina’s cheek, but unfortunately turned around with a clenched fist.
“let’s go.”
“Armin, you can’t… … .”
Keira tried to shout something at Shiina with a serious expression, but Armin’s flicker magic came first.
The two of them disappeared as the electricity splattered.
The flicker magic that transcends space even in an enclosed place reminded him that he was an unlocker.
Gaold continued with a relieved expression.
“Let’s wrap this up one last time. I can’t be sure if Gangnan will be successful in recruiting, but once he’s brought in, there’s no problem with Util. When Sirone comes in, the range of strategies expands. As for the dealer, Shiina and me are enough. Crowd control can be done by Sein, one person in charge of operation, and one person in charge of search.”
Flew felt infinitely proud that his position was mentioned.
Originally, it was a project with no room for a certified 8th grade wizard to intervene. However, in other words, the power leakage of the team was severe.
As expected, Gaold’s expression was impassioned.
I don’t want to make a cage class, but shouldn’t it work if I have an assortment?
“I guess… … I think there should be one hitman. If you can definitely eliminate one target, the range of tactical operations will be greatly expanded. Is there no good knife holder? The one who knows how to cut properly.”
Sein said.
“Where do you get a guy like that all of a sudden? Wasn’t there a magic swordsman in your bodyguard or something?”
“Two pieces of news. probably dead Anyway, think about it once. Even if he dies, he can definitely take out one target. Even if he dies, he doesn’t have to deal with it. In a word, a man who wants to die.”
“You have too many demands.”
“If even one fails, I won’t save you. We are the Suicide Squad. A guy who follows you hoping for a reward is only a minus to the team.”
Ethella said.
“Why don’t you try looking for a certified driver? If you are a renowned swordsman, your skills are certain.”
“no. Those who insist on beliefs burn needlessly. We’re not going to war. Hitman is perfect for focusing on recapturing the maze.”
Sein checked the time and said.
“Let’s go to Galliant for now. There might be someone who uses a knife in the Kergo Autonomous District.”
Then Shiina raised her hand.
“Hey, how about a knight without faith?”
Everyone’s eyes turned to Shiina.
Gaold raised his eyebrows as if to say something, then asked again.
“A knight without faith? Can you call that a knight? no, it doesn’t matter anyway But why?”
“There is one person. Someone who knows how to bell properly.”
—————————————

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-408.txt
=============YYYYY=============
[408] Final Decision (8)
It was a gloomy day.
I rolled up my clothes and packed dry food and first aid kits in case of an emergency.
As I grabbed the full military backpack with my right hand, it went into the Kubrick’s slot.
Sirone, who was examining the scabbard while holding Armand, saved it to Kubrick’s second slot.
Loaded weight 38.7 kg. It could be said that it was captured optimally while leaving an extra space.
“… … .”
Sirone looked around the room to see if anything was missing and checked the time.
After confirming that it was near midnight, I took out Maya’s letter that was stored in the drawer of my desk and read it again.
It was the day of the presentation of the Supernatural Psychic Research Society that Maya fell in love with Sirone.
It felt like destiny when Sirone stood in front of Maya at the senior year welcome party.
The reason why he asked who the girl he wanted to kiss was actually half joking and half serious, but he said it was the result of such a foolish delusion that he would choose him.
Her heart was engraved on four pages of letter paper. It was a confession that she did her best to convey her sincerity rather than embellish and wrap it up.
If you accept my heart, please come out to the park in two days at midnight.
Even if you don’t come out, I will never resent or hate you.
I want you to show your sincerity this time. love you.
Sirone folded the letter along Maya’s crease and put it in the envelope. Then, as if taking something precious, I poked it into his inner pocket and gently pressed it with the palm of my hand.
“Maya… … .”
Sirone left the dorm earlier than the promised time. Should I make her wait until this day?
It was 10 minutes ago when we arrived at the park.
Beneath the only light on, he waited for Maya to come out.
Deng. Deng. Deng.
The midnight bell struck.
As the clouds thickened, the wind and rain came in. Thunder was heard from the distant sky, and cold raindrops fell.
Shoot Aaaaaaa!
Numerous percussion instruments disturbed Sirone’s hearing.
Streams of water trickled down her wet hair, and her clothes were soaking up the water and getting heavier.
Sirone was looking at the path Maya was walking.
Deng.
The bell announcing one o’clock struck.
Until then, Maya hadn’t come.
I heard the sound of water splashing and someone walking behind me.
It was only after the raindrops that fell on her head were blocked that Sirone finally looked back.
Amy was standing with an umbrella.
The two were just looking into each other’s eyes.
Amy wanted Sirone to tell her first, and Sirone had nothing to say to her.
Amy’s emotions, which had been suppressed, finally exploded.
Resentment, anger, bewilderment, betrayal, and perhaps even more desperateness.
She gritted her teeth and spat out in a trembling voice.
“Why did you come out?”
Sirone did not answer.
“say. why did you come here Really Maya and… … .”
“It has nothing to do with you.”
Amy’s heart sank.
I knew that Maya would confess.
The reason why he agreed despite knowing it was the confidence that he had seen Sirone’s feelings with his own eyes. He agreed, and what he regretted was his insecurity about Maya’s courage.
It was Amy who ran around the room nervously and eventually couldn’t stand it and ran to the park.
Sirone was waiting for Maya. And now she was staring at herself with such cold eyes.
“no. It can’t be.”
Amy’s voice crackled.
“What’s going on? I mean, you’re so weird these days. it’s still weird say! Tell me what’s going on! If you don’t tell me, I won’t see you anymore.”
“okay. doesn’t care.”
Amy couldn’t believe it.
Why do you have to treat me so coldly?
It wasn’t the Sirone I used to know. I was afraid.
She was naked in front of Sirone for the first time.
“why? why do you do that why don’t you say anything Is it because I don’t act like Maya? Fool, me too, me too you… … .”
Sirone hugged Amy tightly. Otherwise, there was no way to hide the distorted face.
Hot tears mixed with the cold rain water and ran down my cheeks.
“Amy, thank you so much.”
Embarrassed, Amy burst into tears.
I grabbed Sirone’s collar and tried to shake it off, but it just slipped.
“no. don’t hug I mean say it! tell me why! You bastard!”
There was no strength in his hands.
Time pushed her back and a cliff awaited her in front. For the first time she had the idea that she wanted to turn back time.
Sirone said the last words with a sad smile.
“Hi, Amy… … .”
Took.
The umbrella fell from Amy’s hand. The sound of the stinging rain was huge.
Even when Sirone left her body, she couldn’t move with a dazed expression on her face.
Tears welled up and I couldn’t see anything.
“Ugh. Ugh.”
The moment the sobs that had been blocked in her throat burst out, the sky quiveringly cried on her behalf.
* * *
thump thump! thump thump!
Collie, the head teacher of the senior class, was awakened by the sound of knocking on the door of the annex.
I hurriedly put on my gown, rubbed my sleepy eyes, and opened the door to find Maya soaked in rain.
“Maya? What are you doing at this hour?”
“teacher… … .”
Maya couldn’t control her emotions and burst into tears in Collie’s arms.
“Aaaaaang!”
Collie was perplexed, but looked at Maya’s condition. It seemed that the order would be to calm down the trembling body first.
Colli, who had put wood in the fireplace and made a fire, sat Maya down and handed her a towel.
Cocoa was boiled and placed in front of her, but she just watched the flames in the fireplace, mesmerized.
‘It must have been a crab.’
Collie had a hunch that the day Maya had spoken of was today.
He didn’t show it during the senior year schedule, but he was a disciple whom he loved so much that he personally enrolled him in a magic school and taught him.
‘A young child. I can’t take care of my own feelings because I’m counting other people’s feelings.’
Collie first saw Maya at the opening of an outdoor performance by singer Canary.
Outside the barricade, commoners also had a chance to watch, and the nobles seemed to like this way.
So, the event planner went further and set up a strategy to highlight the excellence of the canary by having a commoner in the opening performance.
That’s how the 14-year-old Maya was recruited.
However, the planner’s tricks went awry. It was because the popular song of a 14-year-old girl was beautiful enough to give goosebumps.
No wonder the nobles were offended, and as soon as the song was over they began to boo and criticize.
It is said that there were even nobles who called the chieftain of the tribe and forced him to bring Maya to bed for a large sum of money.
The chief attacked a nobleman and was beaten to death and kicked out, and Maya gave up her dream of becoming a singer that day.
Collie recommended Maya to become a wizard.
He had a weak temperament, but he certainly had omnipotent talent, and he succeeded in entering the Spirit Zone in two years.
I didn’t want anything like a great wizard.
Wouldn’t that be enough if she could become a wizard, raise the tribe, and sing the song she really wanted to sing?
“Did Sirone-kun not come out?”
Maya gently raised the corner of her mouth. It was the only happiness that could be obtained in pain.
“no. gave it to me Like an idiot, I told you not to come out like that. It wouldn’t matter if you cut off things like me, but I gave it to you. For me, they waited for over an hour.”
Maya covered her face with both hands.
“So it hurts my heart. Because that sirone is so good. Because I want to be his woman.”
“Shouldn’t you have walked a horse? Could it be that I really liked you?”
Maya shook her head.
“I knew from the beginning that I couldn’t win Sirone’s heart. I confessed even though I knew it. I like it so much, I don’t think I can stand it without talking about it. So she went in knowing it was hell.”
Maya looked back at Collie with a terrified expression.
“But what should I do? It hurts so much. I feel sick and I think I will die. Can we forget Sirone? Can I go back to the way I was before meeting Sirone?”
Cole spoke his mind frankly.
“Maya, you cannot erase past memories. It is something you will have to live with for the rest of your life.”
“I don’t think I can. Being so sick… … how… … .”
Maya finally sobbed.
Collie came over and hugged her and gave her a pat on the back.
“There is no need to be afraid. Scars don’t go away, but as you live, so many new scars form that you don’t know which ones Sirone left behind. Then you’ll be fine again. Just live like that.”
Maya rubbed her face against Collie’s chest.
“It is not living. With no hope… … How can I live?”
“Maya, I don’t live for hope. It is to create hope in order to live. I won’t be able to forget it, but everything will be alright. You can create another hope.”
“I hate that. I want Sirone to come to me. She wants you to love me with poetry.”
When cut by a knife, it doesn’t hurt. What really hurts was when I realized I had been cut.
That is why the emotion Maya felt now was fear, not pain. Fear of the pain to come.
‘The more tender the heart, the harder it will be. But Maya, an artist is someone who talks about humans. Even when he looks down from a high place, he never sees humans. So remember today’s pain. Sing in the lowest place. Then one day everyone will heal your wounds.’
Collie stroked Maya’s back.
Her shoulders trembled pitifully, like a baby bird whose wings have been snapped by a storm.
* * *
3 am.
Since there was no intention of sleeping in the first place, Sirone returned to the inn and washed herself and changed into new clothes.
As I sat down at my desk and blocked my thoughts for a while, the lingering lingering sound of crying leaked out by itself.
“Has everything been sorted out now?”
Withdrew from the Supernatural Psychic Research Society. Nade was very angry, but eventually hugged him and told him to come back no matter what.
And today, I ended my own goodbyes to Maya and Amy.
I wanted to sever all ties before going to heaven.
No, I had to.
If you have any regrets here, you will hesitate at the decisive moment. Because you will hesitate in a situation where you must die.
In a short period of time, Sirone had sorted out all the ties that could be sorted out.
But still, the faces of precious people came to my mind.
Ryan, Tess, and… … Parents who always want only their son’s happiness.
I was fortunate enough to say I love you before leaving home.
It was, truly, the best thing in Sirone’s life.
I opened the drawer and took out a clean stationery. The greetings that could not be said now had no choice but to be conveyed in writing.
Spinning the nib with her finger, Sirone finally wrote a letter on the paper.
history
“Black. Sobbing.”
Tears flowed from sadness.
I wanted to graduate from magic school. I wanted to experience the world with my friends. She wanted to feel again the thrill she felt when she held Amy’s hand.
“mom… … ”
Sirone’s only parents are Vincent and Olina. That fact will never change.
I should have known before going to heaven.
No, I didn’t meet Ikael from the beginning.
But I found out.
She didn’t express it to anyone, but in fact, she had the answer to the question that had been in her heart for the rest of her life.
‘I’m sorry, I’m sorry.’
Sirone wiped away tears with her sleeve and wrote a will.
Thanks to the people who have helped me, stories about how happy I was because I received a lot of love, and even respect for my parents.
Everything that had been stored for 19 years was being emptied.
—————————————

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-409.txt
=============YYYYY=============
[409] Task Force (1)
Magic Association.
Sakiri, an investigator belonging to the Inspection Division 3 who had previously interrogated Kanis and Arin, was on his way to the prison camp for special criminals under the Association.
Next to him was Blenner, the third deputy director of the National Intelligence Service.
The National Intelligence Service’s 3rd Division is the Daecheonguk Information Management Department, a secret organization composed only of black agents whose ranks are not disclosed to civilians.
The reason why the head of such a department personally visited the association was to obtain an item to stop Gaold’s plan.
It was the confession of Isabelle, the 3rd class archmage.
“Anyway, it’s a problem, a problem. Speaking of Gaold. It’s the shame of the kingdom. I didn’t like it from the start. After making a lot of people tired, you can just walk away by yourself.”
Sakiri was not fooled by Blenner’s good impression.
Everyone in the Inspection Department knew that the lobby of Rufist, who is currently serving as the temporary head of the Magic Association, entered Blenner.
“Isabel, that woman is really strong too. Her face is pretty, tsk tsk. Wizards can’t do this.”
It is not a good thing to hear a wizard’s gossip from a non-magician.
Especially if the target of the gossip is a certified third-class archmage he usually respects.
However, Sakiri did not show emotion. He shuts off his emotions with such ease, sometimes when necessary.
“I hear you are the best on this floor. cook to your heart’s content I’ll do the rear end. I must make her mouth open.”
“It is not easy. Even if he is a non-combatant, he is definitely a great wizard. I’m definitely not the kind of person who would commit perjury out of fear of pain.”
“Hehe, isn’t that why I called you? Sakiri of the 3rd Inspection Division, who says that any criminal can’t even be beaten as long as he gets caught.”
“I will try my best.”
Sakiri replied in a dry voice, deep in thought.
Temporary president Rufist has long regarded Gaold as a thorn in the eye. In my mind, I would want to eliminate Gaold even with all the power of the Association.
‘But things didn’t go as planned.’
He seized the opportunity to fulfill his long-cherished wish, but the problem was that Gaold’s reputation within the association was not as bad as expected.
He’s a madman, but that’s why he’s pure, and even though he has a nasty temper, he’s stronger than anyone else.
And this was clearly outside of Lufist’s calculations.
The incident in which Isabelle risked her life to protect Gaold during the National Emergency Hearing left a great deal of embarrassment to the Wizards of the Association.
Someone outside of Gaold’s bodyguard insisted on Gaold’s innocence.
If that is also the guarantee of Isabelle of the official third class, the standard of judgment will be shaken regardless of whether it is true or not.
With the high ground in front of his eyes, Rufist became desperate.
He needed a reason to mobilize all of the association’s strength, as he could only become the official head of the association by eliminating Gaold, so it was Blenner, the 3rd deputy director of the National Intelligence Service, who reached out.
‘This is my conclusion. but… … .’
The question still lingered.
Forcing perjury and torturing certified magicians is dangerous even for the NIS. But how did it get approved?
‘Who’s behind it?’
Sakiri hinted at Blenner’s intentions.
“How far can I get a confession? Isabelle said in fact she was an Old Guard and she was so she was sheltered, is this enough?”
“Hmm, shouldn’t it be a little taller than that? It was enough to lead the plot to assassinate Her Highness. Whether you designed it or distributed the money, you do it yourself.”
‘I’m thinking of letting go completely.’
No one should know what will happen underground today. Thinking of pruning everything that can be pruned.
This was the reason Sakiri was in charge of the interrogation alone, without even an observer.
“As long as I don’t die, I can do anything, so just accept a confession. I’ve installed a video recording device. Then get out Obscura B and bring it to me. And you are special.”
‘It was something like that.’
The final puzzle was put together in Sakiri’s head.
The beauty archmage’s torture process is recorded in its entirety. Could there be a better snuff for old politicians joining a decadent society?
That’s just why.
Outside, a king’s assassination attempt is taking place, the head of the Magic Association is changing, and the world is about to turn upside down, but someone is just immersed in their hobby.
‘Perhaps this is also a very humane thing.’
Sakiri understood.
If you have the ability to do something, humans do it.
Upon arriving at the prison cell for special offenders, Sakiri fixed her eyes on the iron door.
Whether he had heard anything, Blenner did not show interest in the circumstances behind the iron gate.
“Then please. deal with it as soon as possible You have to get a confession within 48 hours.”
48 hours.
“Do not worry. This is the guy who came all the way here.”
Blenner patted Sakiri on the shoulder with confidence and turned around.
It wasn’t until the sound of footsteps echoing in the hallway died down that Sakiri reached for the iron door’s security device.
Upon entering the Spirit Zone, the lock on the iron door reading the personal information rattled and unlocked.
I pulled the half-open iron door and found Isabelle sitting on a tandem chair installed against the wall of the dark prison.
A model employee of the Magic Association who always adhered to neat attire and took pride in it.
But now, with disheveled hair covering his face and his wrists resting on his knees, he was a shabby criminal with mana control devices handcuffed.
Two on the left and right sides, and one on the side of the iron gate. A total of three video recording devices were installed.
The one in the front flashed a red light and was recording Isabelle’s condition for several days.
“It feels strange to meet you in a place like this.”
Isabelle didn’t respond.
He was just repeating empty breaths in a limp posture like a corpse.
Sakiri didn’t care and checked the video recording devices while unbuttoning his sleeve.
“Do you know what is the scariest thing I’ve ever felt in my life? It means that humans are endowed with unlimited freedom. It really is. No matter how absurd, humans can do it.”
After confirming that the video recording device on the left was turned off, Sakiri moved to the wall on the right.
“Is it impossible to strangle a child who does not get sick even if he puts it in his eyes? Isn’t it too stupid to believe if you think so? No matter how much you love it, just do it. That is human freedom.”
After checking the second device, Sakiri looked into the lens of the last device turned on and said.
“Reset Obscura B to save records.”
When I pressed the button, the device turned off, ready to restart.
It was only after the three video recording devices turned off that Isabelle raised her head. The eyes that gave up her hope confirmed Sakiri’s face.
“Come to think of it, it’s tomorrow, the first son’s death.”
Sakiri is now the father of two daughters, but originally had one more son. However, the son suffered from Tris disease, which rots the whole body, two years after he was born, and died two years later.
Sakiri was a regular eater.
“Well, this is life. Then shall we begin?”
When the switch installed on the wall was lowered, the incandescent light in the ceiling turned on, making the prison as bright as daylight.
thud! thud! thud! thud!
Then, the walls opened in series, and the prison expanded as long as the corridor.
Every conceivable instrument of torture and equipment was placed there.
“Usually torture chambers are dark, but I like the light side. Torture is also a kind of communion. It might make you feel a little dirty to see your body breaking down, but just give up.”
Sakiri took the scissors to cut the prison uniform and checked the blade.
“What should I do first? What are you weak against? ache? foreign body sensation? fear? body transformation? Shame?”
Isabelle said in a calm voice.
“You’re kind, Sakiri.”
“I understand with duality. There’s nothing good about stimulating them before they even start. We’d better start with the water torture. For the sake of the show, it is better to have a clean body first.”
“If not… … Why are you conflicting?”
Sakari’s fingers stopped snapping the scissors.
“conflict?”
“You would have known. No matter what you do to me, I will not withdraw from speaking at the hearing. However, your rule of thumb, ‘The Balance of Truth’ is an exception. I don’t know the activation conditions, but there’s no need to waste time playing house like this, right?”
Sakiri, who had been silently looking at the scissors, sighed and turned around.
“Haa, as long as this guy or that guy is alive.”
Limp!
The scissors nervously fell back to where they were.
Sakiri, who had been standing still, turned slowly and looked down at Isabelle.
“… … Why did you do that?”
Isabelle tilted her head slightly, as if not understanding the meaning.
“Why are you coming? You’re not even a member of the Royal Guard. It’s the same as using Gaold, Lufist, or the Association for personal purposes. Lufist took over the association to gain power, and Gaold became the president of the association for revenge. Why did you protect Gaold anyway?”
Isabelle’s answer was simple.
“I don’t know either.”
“I do not know?”
“Sakiri, I don’t know. It’s not a thoughtful decision. Yes, like you said, both Gaold and Luffist are self-centered people. Still, the reason why I chose Gaold… … .”
Isabelle thought for a moment and smiled bitterly.
“I just liked Gaold a little better than Lufist. That’s all.”
“… … .”
Sakiri flicked her jaw joint left and right.
Then he turned back to the shelf where the instruments of torture were placed, his face contorted like that of a sick person.
‘Damn it. There was such an easy way.’
Since when did the name wizard come to be called a politician’s dog?
Aren’t those who fought with an iron intellect who pushed through what they believed to be right now in the association?
“… … 48 hours.”
Sakiri picked up an instrument of torture that looked like a 20 cm long awl.
“In the next 48 hours, Rufist will defy public opinion and move the Association. Of course, if you perjury in it, the time will be shorter.”
Isabelle hadn’t even thought of that situation.
“Forty-eight hours. It’s pretty tight.”
“That’s why Lufist is also impatient. If possible, he would like to become the president of the association with the support of the majority of the association members, but as long as Gaold is alive, his current position is in jeopardy. In short, as long as you hold out, you can buy yourself more time.”
Sakiri poked the awl with the tip of her finger, then looked back at Isabelle with a cold gaze.
“I will protect the last degree of dignity as a human being and as a woman. It’s not because I have good feelings for you. As a mage, I just don’t want to cater to the tastes of perverted old men. But the pain will be considerable.”
Isabelle didn’t care. She just stared up at her ceiling, lost in her thoughts, oblivious to the terrible time ahead.
‘Whoops, Gaold. Seriously, how many people are you bothering?’
yeah, why?
Why did he defend Gaold, who had nothing to do with him?
‘Perhaps I, too, have been possessed by your madness.’
The light came on as the video recording device restarted.
After activating the remaining two devices, Sakiri stood where the three focus points were set and announced the start of the official interrogation.
“From now on, I will begin interrogating Isabelle, the manager of the magic library of the Magic Association.”
Isabelle’s eyes lit up for the first time.
‘Go, Gaold. Go beyond good and evil, transcend the future of mankind, and go to the ultimate realm that humans can reach.’
Sakiri grabbed Isabelle’s hair and violently raised it.
His eyes widened as he stared at the soft nape of his neck.
’48 hours from now. Hold on.’
Screams echoed through the corridor of the prison cell.
—————————————

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-41.txt
=============YYYYY=============
[Translator – Anwen]
[Proofreader –Enigami]
Chapter 41
The other students who were stimulated by Yiruki’s action started busying themselves by talking.
“Isn’t that punk amazing? Though the explosive power is the same, the detonation reaction seems to have gotten faster.”
“It’s probably just the Savant Syndrome doing its work. He can calculate the reaction equation at an astonishing speed.”
Shirone cut in.
“You mean the equation that causes the explosion?”
“Yeah. I don’t know much about detonation magic, but I heard that the explosive power changes depending on how you set up the reaction equation. You could say it’s a similar concept to that of the combustion equation for fire magic.”
“I see. With that level of explosive power, I guess he doesn’t even need to learn fire magic.”
Please enable JavaScript
“No. Denotation magic is used differently from fire magic. First of all, fire magic activates immediately. Even for Yiruki, if his firepower is that strong, it will take that much longer to detonate. Well, reducing that reaction time is up to the detonator.”
If Shirone’s insight specialized in teleportation, then Yiruki’s superhuman computational power was specialized for detonation magic.
The biggest advantage of detonation magic was that it could create an enormous explosion from a tiny dot.
The further away from the center the Deviate form got, the smaller it got. It was a magic that was optimized for the Deviate form in that respect.
Yiruki’s talent, spirit zone’s propensity, and his main specialty were all specialized for explosions…
‘Why is Nade close to someone like that?’
Shirone did enjoy reading history that involved wars with mages, but he didn’t think that magic had to be so destructive.
‘I’ve never learned magic with the intention of hurting someone.’
He was curious about Yiruki, but it was Shirone who thought that getting along with him was out of the question.
As if he really put himself under probation, Yiruki did not come to class.
Although he felt a little bad, Shirone was relieved by this.
‘I wouldn’t know what to say if we ran into each other again.’
After an ordinary day, Shirone took his first formal Class 5 evaluation.
His average score was 41 points.
It was still in the lower range, but it wasn’t an easy feat to raise all subjects by 10 points in one month.
After checking the test results, the students tidied up their desks and stretched.
“Phew, I guess I can lay back for a while. Shall we buy something and go to our research group?”
“Let’s. With all the stress off my shoulders, I’m feeling hungry.”
Students started leaving in pairs or more, but not Shirone, for he was not part of a research group yet.
‘I should go to the library and study some more. My average score is still 40 points…’
He was not satisfied with the results, but the process of enhancing his Core of Knowledge was going smoothly.
Shirone was pleasantly surprised when he noticed that all the knowledge was connecting much faster than he expected.
‘It’s proof that my network of knowledge is evolving. Let’s not waver and stick to it until the end.’
The fact that he had already finished the 20 books he had borrowed a week ago kept his spirits up.
“Hey, Shirone.”
“Yes? What is it?”
A female student approached him as he was packing his backpack.
From a corner of the classroom, her friends were eyeing them with excitement.
“I’ve talked with my friends about this, but would you like to join our research group? We’re researching object-moving magic. We thought that if you were in our group, we could maybe make more achievements. It’s also a field that has a lot to do with photon magic.”
Shirone thought carefully.
He had received offers from several groups after being promoted, but this was the first research group that suited his aptitude.
Whether students wanted to join or not was 100% up to them, but there was no case where joining one would be a waste of time.
The academy’s evaluation methods were largely divided into three parts. Practical exams, theory exams, and performance evaluations.
Among them, the performance evaluation required one research paper on whatever topic to be submitted between semesters. That’s why many students joined a research group, to save time and effort.
Most of the students did it this way, as during vacation time, they would be able to visit their hometowns or stay at the academy to focus on fixing their weak points.
Of course, Shirone also checked the qualifications to join a research group, but eventually changed his mind.
Since he did not complete his work of enhancing his Core of Knowledge, his clumsy participation would only cause them harm.
They gave their proposal based on his previous achievements, but Shirone wasn’t sure if he could match their level once all the work and activity started.
“Um… I’m sorry. There’s a field I’m studying right now, and I haven’t been able to make much progress on it yet. I’m planning on focusing on that for the time being.”
“Oh, I see. That’s a bummer.”
“Sorry to turn you down even though you personally made the offer.”
She gave a light laugh.
“No, you don’t have to be sorry for anything. Let me know if you change your mind.”
The girl went back to her group after leaving behind kind words. In fact, there were not many students in Class 5 who acted upon their emotions. Though there were eccentrics and exceptions like Yiruki.
‘I’m jealous. It looks fun.’
A corner of Shirone’s heart ached. He had friends like Rian and Amy, but Rian was studying a different field, and Amy was in the Advanced class, so she was busy.
They say that life is a lonely battlefield, but he felt that he couldn’t get any lonelier considering he had no comrades in Class 5.
“Eh? Shirone, you leaving now? Wait for me.”
Nade ran towards him and put his arm around Shirone’s shoulder. This was a regular occurrence already.
The two walked to their dormitory while talking about random things. Most of their talks were about topics Shirone liked.
“The library is fine, but there are quite a few specialized books exclusive to research groups. Come to think of it, why did you refuse earlier? They’re a pretty decent research group.”
“I just feel like I don’t have enough time.”
“Well, I get you. You should busy yourself with raising your theory grades first. I’m still envious. I don’t even have that kind of desire.”
“You have so many friends. I think it would be okay for you to join any research group.”
“What are you talking about? I already have something like a research group. I’m even the president.”
“What? Really? I didn’t know that.”
[Translator – Anwen]
Shirone assumed that Nade would hate belonging to a certain group, so he didn’t even ask. But for him to be the president?
“What kind of research group is it?”
“Haha! I’m actually embarrassed to brag about it. There are only two people. Myself included.”
“Huh? Isn’t that below the minimum? Your subsidy should have been long cut off.”
The academy required at least three or more members in a research group. It was because two was company, while three was a crowd.
“Our upperclassmen graduated last semester. That’s why I became the president. But yeah, I’ve been really worried about that.”
“Oh, so that’s what happened.”
Come and read on our website wuxia worldsite. Thanks
There were numerous research groups in the academy, but having one with Advanced-class members was rare. Moreover, the fact that they graduated meant that they were cream of the crop upperclassmen.
“If it’s okay, can I take a look?”
“Really? I thought you weren’t interested in research groups.”
“I have always been interested, but I felt that if I joined one, I’d just be a nuisance. I was just being careful.”
“Hahaha! What are you saying? Even though it’s called a research group, it’s just kids grouping up to study and play together. There is no need to feel any pressure.”
“Hmm… Is that so?”
“ Actually, to be honest with you, you have a side that makes it difficult for people to approach you. You know, kids our age hit on each other, play around, tease, and do all that. And although Class 5 does have its share of vulgar fellows as well, I’ve chatted with most of ’em, and there aren’t any bad guys. So open up a little more.”
Realizing that both Rian and Amy reached out first, Shirone took note of those words.
Noticing Shirone’s attitude change, Nade shouted as if he had made up his mind.
“Great! I’m feeling good. I don’t normally do this, but this is a special case. Let me introduce you to my research group. In exchange, don’t tease me and say that it was boring or lame.”
“Really? Thanks a lot. I swear I won’t tease you or anything like that.”
“There you go again. Why so serious? Loosen up. Now, come on, let’s get going!”
The place Nade took Shirone to was a remote place northwest of the central park of the Magic Academy.
In front of them was a building formed out of 100 tetrahedron-shaped structures that were all connected together to create one building.
The material of the building was iron, and if one looked closely, one could see magic patterns engraved on the surface.
Shirone was surprised by the shape and structure of the building since it defied common sense.
“Where is this?”
“It’s a warehouse we use to keep the magic equipment. Almost all teaching materials are kept in there. Of course, our lab’s there too.”
The laboratories were not specifically assigned. When the president of a research group submitted their application documents, the academy would simply give an empty room to them.
‘Even so, a warehouse?’
Shirone couldn’t understand why the academy, considering the vast land in its possession, would place a lab in such a remote place.
“This place is something akin to a hideout. Upperclassmen have been protecting it for generations. Actually, our research group has quite a long history. You don’t know how many fights there were to occupy this place.”
“But this is a bit…”
“Haha! It’s okay. The coolest thing is the countless materials in the warehouse. You can make anything. Oh, that’s supposed to be a secret. I’m only telling you this because it’s you.”
Shirone gasped.
“Really?”
He was quite surprised. Nade, the king of normalcy at the academy, breaking rules?
“Come, I’ll show you.”
Nade led Shirone into the building. As the building was complex, there were multiple entrances and exits. It was like wandering around in a maze.
“How is it? Cool, right? You don’t have to study it so closely though. We change the structure of the building whenever.”
“Change the structure? Is that possible?”
“The official name of this building is Estas, the magic warehouse. The building itself is a magic device. It was made with the concept of allowing the building to bring us the items we need… Or bring a section of the building we need. It’s quicker than having to manually go somewhere to get something and then go back. That’s why there are times when the structure changes on days when students are training. The point is, no matter what you do, if we don’t want you to find us, you won’t find us.”
Nade ended with a cackle.
‘A hideout no one can find…’
Shirone’s heart thumped loudly. In the end, when in the face of cool things, he acted the same as any other boy his age.
“To be honest, finding the path is simple. But you’re not a member yet, so I can’t tell you that. Let me know if you have any thoughts. You’re always welcome.”
Nade quickly led Shirone through a complex path that made them pass through 20 warehouses. Finally, the two arrived at a building with blue-painted walls.
There were about 10 large warehouses and 10 small warehouses located in the building. Nade’s research group stayed in the largest one.
“Tada! Here we are!”
Shirone approached with a nervous face.
‘What kind of research group hides in a place like this?’
At that moment, Shirone’s eyes landed on a signboard that was hanging crookedly above the iron door.
Supernatural Psychic Science Research Group
“Psy-Psychic Science?”
Shirone murmured in bewilderment.
He had thought about many different fields while on his way here, but he hadn’t even thought of psychic science.
An excited Nade suddenly spoke quickly.
“How is it? Our research group is awesome, right? We literally do research on the supernatural. Ghosts, spirits, the afterlife, aliens, hell, gods. It encompasses all that.”
At first, Shirone thought it was absurd, but after hearing a bit more, Shirone was not totally uninterested.
The topic that caught his attention was…
‘Gods.’
Some mages denied the existence of god/s.
Of course, each country had its own state religion, and there were priests who performed miracles. However, their abilities were also considered just another form of magic.
On the other hand, some religious people regarded magic as just a type of miracle, while some labeled magic as heresy.
‘Who is right?’
‘Does a god really exist?’
“Yeah, sounds interesting. I don’t know if it has anything to do with magic, but it might be worth studying.”
“Right? I knew you would understand. Come in. Make yourself at home.”
Nade opened the door.
Shirone imagined a neat research area filled with books that covered their research topics… But instead, a thick cloud of dust welcomed him.
Cough Cough
Seeing as how a thick cloud of dust welcomed him the moment he opened the door, Shirone frowned and was not looking forward to seeing the rest of the space.
The room was about 534 square feet. The desk had a broken leg and was filled with bread and crumpled papers.
‘And he told me they renovated the warehouse…’
As a matter of fact, it seemed that only the sign had been renovated.
“Hahaha! A little dirty, isn’t it? You’ll get used to it after a while. Don’t just stand there, come in, come in.”
Shirone did not understand why he had to get used to it.
‘…Why not just clean the place up.’
However, even those questionable things disappeared the moment he saw the board hanging in front of him.
There was a boy who was writing mathematical formulas at an insane speed.
As Shirone approached, he noticed it was a familiar figure. Shirone’s eyes widened as he made a noise of recognition.
“Eh?”
The boy was Yiruki, who was under probation for a week.

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-410.txt
=============YYYYY=============
[410] Task Force (2)
If you go about 2 hours by carriage from the city of Creas, you will come to the small port town of San Ferros.
Galliant is a world-class resort, but the scenery here outside the holiday season was just a secluded fishing village.
Arriving around lunchtime, Sirone bought a handful of fish fillets from the stall.
The fish pho, which is said to be delicious only when slightly spoiled, was chewy like jelly and had the deep taste of the sea.
There was no liner, so I thought I would have to hire a captain.
The fare is expensive, but the money saved so far will not be enough.
When I asked the villagers, they said that it takes about an hour for the boats that left early in the morning to come back with the meat.
Since there was nowhere to go, Sirone walked to the breakwater and looked at the distant sea.
It’s not the first time I’ve been on a trip, and my teammates are waiting for me on the island, but I felt like I was left alone in the world.
‘School must be lunchtime now.’
Sirone didn’t think about it.
There is nowhere to go back to. shouldn’t have been
“Are you Aryan Sirone?”
A woman in a costume completely different from that of the Tormia Kingdom was standing behind Sirone.
Even in the warm weather, the sleeves came down to the wrists, and the hood hanging down the back was thicker than winter clothes.
The look of her biting on a black nipple was very different, but the woman’s eyes were deep and mysterious, so it was an atmosphere that made it impossible to look at her with strange eyes.
Sirone turned her attention to the strange creature floating above the woman’s head.
It was a soft and transparent monster, and the sphere inside it was generating an electric field as it rotated.
An auto prism that scatters light to create a transparent effect in a specific range.
It had almost no fighting power, but it was a monster listed in the 4th tier of summoning magic with great utility.
Sirone gave a wary look.
In the worst situation, he would pick up Armand and fight, but if he was a wizard who summoned a Tier 4 monster, he would have to be seen as inferior in terms of ability.
“Who are you? how can i get my name… … .”
“My name is Zulu. Gaold told me to bring you.”
“huh? Everything?”
For a moment, being embarrassed by the bizarre use of language, Sirone opened her eyes wide and looked directly at the woman’s face.
“yes? Zulu?”
There was no way he didn’t know the name of the world’s only and strongest summoning wizard who could match a tier 1 lich.
In disbelief, Sirone pointed her finger at her and checked again.
“… … Zulu?”
“Yes, Zulu.”
Zulu nodded nonchalantly and said.
“I don’t have much time. I need to cross the border before dark, so follow me.”
“Where is the president of the association?”
“They have already arrived at Galliant and are preparing for the Gangran. Are you going or not?”
“I’ll go.”
When I gave up my exhausting search and approached Zulu, she disarmed the auto prism and cast a mass teleport.
The landscape seemed to be pulled into a single point, and then expanded into a new landscape.
It was halfway up the mountain behind the port.
The breakwater where the two of them were was small at the far end of the field of vision, and at the bottom of the mountain was a village of fishing villagers.
Zulu summoned the grotesque Kaidra from there.
Its smooth, hairless skin had a long snout like an awl, and its huge claws that supported its body seemed to be holding a mountain.
Contrary to his hideous appearance, Kaidra rubbed his beak on Zulu like a child, then knelt down and let one wing hang down.
Sirone climbed on the wings following Zulu.
Caydra’s backbone protrudes out of the skin like a shark’s fin, so it blocks air resistance and allows it to sit in the hollow of the backbone, giving it a good sense of stability.
“be careful. I will fly high.”
Caydra, flapping her wings and pushing off the ground with her two legs, flew straight up as soon as she surfaced.
Shirone, tired of her pale face, stared at the fast-approaching sky.
When I started flying in normal orbit, the ground was only a distant dot.
“A lift-based rogue named Kaidra. They don’t need as much oxygen, so they can fly at higher altitudes than strength-based creatures. In this way, the probability of avoiding the search system Joner’s algorithm increases.”
Searching the sky is not too difficult for zoners who have a spirit zone with a basic diameter of 2 kilometers.
However, as the altitude increased, the shape of the spirit zone had to be transformed into a target type or sniper mode, so it was natural that the search range would decrease.
Sirone finally felt a sense of reality.
The person in front of me was really a Zulu.
“Thank you for coming to pick me up. To be honest, I never thought that such a great person would come to greet me.”
“Gaold said the Association would move sooner or later. It looks like there is stillness inside. I fixed it as soon as possible and took the lead to heaven. So I was in charge of the transport. Right now, I am on my way to pick up a woman named Shiina.”
“Oh, I see.”
“Of course, I would have come even if the matter was not urgent. Sein said he would use anything that could be used to produce results. I’ll be in charge of utilities on the team, so you can tell me anything you need for the mission.”
Zulu’s words made sense.
From now on, we need to move organically as a team. Regardless of seniors and juniors, they must do their best in their respective duties.
“yes! I wish you well!”
Sirone bowed her head courageously.
* * *
Kentra city.
The meat produced in Kentra, Tormia’s famous pastoral area, is designated as a royal tribute because of its high quality.
The catering business was also active, and an entire street was filled with restaurants.
People wearing cowboy hats often passed by, leather clothes were popular, and whips sold like hot cakes.
However, the reason why Shiina decided to meet here wasn’t because the meat was delicious or to buy Kentra specialties.
It was because this was exactly the halfway point when they started from Kreas and Baska.
Shiina checked the restaurant sign and opened the door.
Compared to Creas, the atmosphere was more conventional, and although reservations were made, the seats were sparsely empty.
After emptying the glass of water the waiter poured out, she anxiously waited for the person she would meet today.
There were about 20 minutes left until the appointment time, but it was still unsure if he would come out.
No, if you’re sane, there’s no way you’ll come out.
After seeing the match, I didn’t contact you once, but I only got a certified 5th grade congratulatory letter, so I made a lunch appointment.
That too by rapid telegram.
There was no one who received a telegram at dawn, prepared it in a hurry, and went all the way to Kentra City to eat meat.
‘Because it’s worth the bottom line.’
The door opened with a bell and a man entered.
Parka Kuan, an instructor at the Kaizen Swordsmanship Academy.
The cold eyes watching the atmosphere in the hall were still the same, but the outfit was different from the last time they met, and they seemed to be quite careful.
Kuan’s icy stare only softened a little when he saw Shiina sitting at the table.
As he moved his body with a limp, all eyes of the nobles focused on him.
I never tried to hide the fact that my legs were uncomfortable, but I always felt like a loser in the crowd.
Especially when people’s eyes shifted from Kuan to Shiina, I felt the urge to cut down everyone in this place.
Shiina stood up and raised her hand.
As per his personality, he couldn’t even give a friendly smile, but he had an attitude that didn’t care about people’s gazes.
There is also Armin who sacrificed both eyes for her.
The fact that Kuan’s legs were uncomfortable didn’t bother Shiina at all.
Being conscious of prejudice is not something that can be hidden, so Kuando could feel Shiina’s sincerity.
Maybe that’s why I didn’t even know the topic and didn’t know if I had come this far.
“You came. Sorry for the rude request.”
“As this is an urgent telegram, I thought there must be a reason. For now, please sit down.”
The food was served, but the two were still silent. I was just concentrating on cutting the meat and putting it in my mouth.
Whoever it was, there was no immunity in this position.
Still, Kuan, a man, mustered up the courage to speak to me for the first time.
“Congratulations. Certified 5th class wizard. You are really cool at such a young age.”
Shiina couldn’t put it off any longer.
She didn’t have much time, and if Quan refused, she had to leave immediately for Galliant.
“I sent you a telegram because I have a request for you.”
It was a strange word to say in return for congratulations, so Quan blinked while holding the tableware.
Then he nodded his head and said.
“Yes, you say.”
Shiina explained the project.
Information that could put the team at risk was blocked, but the world’s notice would end tomorrow, so the content was core and nothing harsh.
“… … So, I wanted to have at least one hitman in the team. I think Mr. Quan is the right person.”
Quan, who remained motionless until the end of the story, dropped the tableware onto the plate with a rattling sound. And she gulped down the water as if she had lost her appetite.
Shiina calmly waited.
It’s no different from saying that I’m going to die. It will leave a stigma in history.
Persuasion is impossible anyway.
From now on, it was entirely up to him to decide.
Quan turned his gaze to the dining room floor, lost in thought. Then he looked back at Shiina and said.
“Can I ask you one question?”
“Anything. Any information that can be revealed.”
“Why me?”
Shiina’s eyes fell coldly.
“As you can see, my leg is not intact. And for me, the legs are an important test. Why does it have to be me?”
“That’s Kuan-san’s skills… … .”
Shiina swallowed the compliment in her throat.
There was no way he didn’t know how Kuan had come to this place. No man would drive all the way to lunch with a woman he didn’t even like.
Armin had sent him off with his heart, but he thought that he shouldn’t use Kuan’s heart.
I just wanted to reveal the truth and wait for his decision.
“Quan-san, it doesn’t matter when you die.”
Shiina said with a determined expression.
“I heard that there are no parents, no siblings, no connections. Even if Mr. Quan dies, there is no force that can move. I thought there was no need to take care of it even if things went wrong.”
Kuan looked at Shiina with blank eyes.
No matter how much you say this to someone’s face.
Somehow, from the moment I received the urgent telegram, I thought things were going well.
“But never underestimate your skills. Kuan-san’s swordsmanship… … .”
“Kuk-kuk. Whoop whoop whoop!”
Kuan lowered his head and laughed with his shoulders trembling, and Shiina stopped talking with a nervous expression.
“Even when I die, I don’t have to take care of it? If you really thought so… … .”
Quan opened his eyes and bit his lips.
“You’ve come to the right place.”
Now I know, why was this woman.
There is no pity as much as there is no prejudice.
To him, who was tired of the pretentious life of a human being, he showed self-deprecation.
Kuan withdrew his earlier thoughts.
Still, it seems that God is still looking into her life.
it’s heaven
Could there be a more suitable place for a sword demon’s tomb?
Kuan got up from his seat on the table.
“Let’s go. It seems urgent. There is nothing to do other than prepare. The personal affairs were already done 10 years ago.”
“I’d appreciate it if you would, but at least a message… … .”
“Do not worry. It’s a decision I made as a single prosecutor. It will be too late if you prepare yourself at the moment of death. There is no need to look back on the way to the battlefield.”
It was a bit of an extreme resolution, but it was hard to find a more suitable person for the role of a hitman.
Regardless of their motive, a suicide commando who takes on the future of mankind and plunges into the fire.
Shiina sincerely respected his resolve.
“thank you.”
Kuan, as a swordsman, also lowered his head as if swearing by a sword.
“I am.”
—————————————

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-411.txt
=============YYYYY=============
[411] Task Force (3)
Kaidra, a mysterious bird flying toward Galliant Island, spotted a cargo ship crossing the open sea and lowered its altitude.
As Zulu freed Kydra, the four, including Shiina and Kuan, began plummeting toward the sea at high speed.
Zulu and Shiina use fly magic, and Sirone spreads her wings to control the speed of her fall.
Godot may not be a familiar environment for the prosecutor Quan, but he was checking the position of the ship without blinking.
The ability to offset gravitational acceleration by generating external gravitational force with muscle vibration was not inferior to the wizard’s skills in the slightest.
Shiina admired the skill of the death magician, whom she had only heard about through rumors.
A person who was evaluated as an unrivaled talent in swordsmanship movement 10 years ago.
Such a man lost his Achilles heel. As if he had lost an eye for himself.
‘Come to think of it, they look alike.’
The four of them hurled themselves toward the vessel and landed on the uninhabited aft deck.
At the same time, Zulu summoned Autoprism, making everyone invisible.
‘As expected, it’s easy to solve because talented people gather.’
How many people can infiltrate a boat floating in the sea and go to Galliant without being noticed by anyone?
If Sein had been there, he would have been able to block out the sound with Equilibrium.
No matter how dangerous heaven is, I thought that a team like this would not be easily defeated.
The warehouse was loaded with land products.
The four of them went to the piled up bags of rice in the corner and sat down with their backs facing each other.
“Once we arrive at the port, Autoprism cannot be summoned. Because there is a risk of getting caught by Jonah. Flu will be waiting for you at the mid-junction, so you have to get out as undetected as possible.”
Shiina handed the robe to Kuan.
Zulu can cover his face enough with the clothes he is wearing now, and Sirone can solve it neatly by using the Diamond Armament.
An hour later, the ship docked in the harbor. There was a commotion outside the warehouse, and the door opened hastily.
The four men, who had been hiding against the wall, slipped through the door as soon as the sailors entered.
On the deck, workers from the island were busy loading cargo, so no one cared about the four of them.
When we went down to the dock, it was crowded with ship mechanics, freight forwarders, warehouse managers, and traders.
Jis, who had a deep relationship with Sirone, was also busily running between the docks, soliciting tourists.
“now! We’ll lift your load! We will also guide you to the Kergo ruins, a specialty of Galliante! Interpreters are available!”
Sirone put on the robe of the Diamond Armed Forces and gently turned her head to look at Jis.
‘It’s the same, Jess. Is Yuna doing well?’
There was no way the place would be empty just because the parrot thieves had left, but it seemed like they were living a healthy life in their own way.
“huh? Who is it?”
When Jess turned around, Sirone gently lowered her head and followed the group out of the dock.
I wanted to say hello, but there was nothing to say as I was leaving the world and heading for the limb.
‘Be happy, Jess.’
Jis, who was staring blankly at Sirone, approached Jis with tears in her eyes.
“Ugh, why are there so few customers today? huh? Jess, what’s wrong? As if I saw a ghost. Who’s here?”
“No, I feel strange for some reason. I mean those people.”
The friend looked at the figures in Hood and frowned. It seemed that Jess’ bad habit had come out again.
“Hey, don’t worry about people like that. It’s bloody just looking at it. If I get caught wrongly, I can’t even pick a bone.”
Another friend agreed.
“As a solicitor for 10 years, my intuition is the same. Those people, it smells of great danger.”
Jess couldn’t look away from his friends until they disappeared.
I don’t know why, but the feeling of nostalgia permeated me.
‘Come to think of it… … Are you living well?’
“hey! Jim here! Do you have a handyman?”
A tall man got off the ferry and waddled around with a luggage bag in each hand.
Jess hurriedly came to his senses. And he raised his hand and ran faster than anyone else.
“yes yes! going!”
* * *
Kergo Ruins.
Gaold, Gangnan, Sein, Zulu, Flu, Etela, Shiina, Kuan, Sirone.
The nine people who participated in this project gathered together for the first time.
There was no need for a separate briefing because the horses came and went.
There were several agents within the ruins, but they were all resolved on the line of the people who had been waiting for a day.
Of course, being careless is prohibited, so it’s good to cover your face.
However, the key target, Gaold, flipped the hood and took off his robe and threw it to the ground.
Gangnan bit his molar and said.
“Wear it when you say nice things.”
“stuffy. Anyway, if you go in now, it’s over. From now on we go to Kergo Autonomous Region.”
Sein added.
“If there’s someone waiting at the Guffin’s door, I’ll pick them based on their skills. Perhaps one of these members could be supplemented.”
The group made their way to the terraced altar on the east side of the central temple.
This is where Sirone opened the Immortal Function and passed the labyrinth test.
A native of Kergo was guarding the entrance, but it was different from the person Sirone had seen before.
Since Chief Khadum had lost his lifespan, he didn’t know it, but the situation of the Kergo tribe must have changed considerably.
When I visited with my friends a year ago, he was a native who boasted of a terrifying prayer, but when he saw Gaold and his friends, he gulped down his saliva rather nervously.
If the gatekeeper was also a Kergo warrior, there was no way he wouldn’t be able to feel the refined aura like the blades spun by 9 people at the same time.
Gaold strode over and spoke.
“Keltia, Lo Hoima. Akrasia, Widmia Benzene.”
knock on my door Then it will open.
It was a code of memories that remained even in Sirone’s memory.
However, the reaction of the natives was different than before. He shook his head with a serious face and spoke in Kergo.
“Not now. There are too many people waiting to go to heaven. Come back in three days.”
When Gaold gently crinkled his forehead and swung the back of his hand, the native flew away with a popping sound.
Sirone, who was staring at the aboriginal who fell to the ground and didn’t even move, asked Sein.
“Are you mad at what the natives said?”
“Gaold doesn’t know Kergore.”
“… … .”
When Gaold activated the device, the walls of the altar caved in, creating a door.
Gangnan added a word.
“But I hate Kergo.”
Upon entering the altar, the square spiral staircase descended endlessly.
After going down for about 20 minutes, the corridor continued. As before, there were two natives guarding the iron gate.
From this point on, it is a Kergoman world with no intersections with outside civilizations.
The natives had no qualms about revealing tattoos on their bodies, and were far more aggressive than those guarding them above.
“for a moment. how did you get in Starting today, the entrance to heaven… … .”
Gaold struck the chin with the back of his hand, and the native fell with a thump.
The colleague tried to shout with angry eyes, but then the back of the other hand turned his chin.
Sirone stared blankly at the two natives, who passed out with a bloody nose, and thought that this shouldn’t be the case.
If you open the Immortal Function in the Achievement and Sacrifice Room, you will be welcomed by everyone and go to the Guffin’s Door. There was no need to stir up trouble with Kergo.
“Hey, can’t we just do what’s right? I know a little bit about the natives here, but if you reveal all eight eyes of an angel… … .”
“angel?”
Gaold stood tall and turned his head.
“Sirone, this is just a toy made by my classmate.”
Sirone shut his mouth.
I felt a terrible anger in Gaold, but it wasn’t just because of it. I could see why he hated Kergo.
An octagonal room appeared inside the iron door.
There were three men guarding the iron gate on the other side, and in the middle stood a man with a white tattoo, symbolizing Kergo priest.
Even in Sirone’s eyes, the level of force was different from those who had stood in his way.
However, Gaold didn’t even look at him and went into the altar where the eight orbs of the maze were floating.
Priest Kergo moved his steps with a grim expression on his face.
“Who are you? A stranger who dares to enter the holy angel’s room… … .”
Before he could finish his words, Gaold grabbed whatever orb he could find and cast a spell.
As soon as the simple air press, which had nothing to do with magic, went in, the altar rang with a thud.
The priest looked around the shaking room with a surprised expression, then hurriedly turned his gaze to the orb.
The white light that Sirone couldn’t see even with all his means a year ago was brightly lit.
Sirone stared intently at the orb.
It was strange that the white light really came on, but above all, it was the first time that the size of the numbers came out so small.
1,008,000.
“1 million 8,000 points… … .”
Gaold approached the distraught priest, stared him straight in the eyes, and gave a brief reply.
“Move.”
I don’t know what it means, but the priest’s legs moved before I knew it and opened the way for Gaold.
It was a number that far exceeded the score that could be passed in the language of God.
Upon arriving at the Kergo Autonomous District, warriors who had already heard the news were guarding the entrance.
As they raised their arms, their eyes flashed with vigilance against strangers.
“This is the sacred land of Kergo! If you invade, I will kill you regardless of the reason!”
Gaold compressed a ball of air over his palm as he walked over to the barrier of spears that stretched like a porcupine.
Compared to the subjects of Heaven, the Kergos here are cute.
Warriors who sacrifice their lives for Ankera. In addition, the level of personal power was different from those of them.
But to Gaold, they were all Kergos.
“Everyone take down your weapons!”
Just as Gaold’s press magic was about to explode, a stalwart man walked through the warriors.
The black tattoo turned golden, but Sirone could recognize his face at a glance.
As a member of the anti-angel faction, he was Mahatu, who was at odds with Chief Kadum.
Having a golden tattoo means that you have become a chieftain.
As expected, the warriors drew their weapons and bent their knees.
“Chief! They are heretics who assaulted Kergo! Why are you quenching our fighting spirit!”
Mahatu, who made eye contact with Gaold for a moment, moved to the group of eight people standing behind him.
“It’s been a while, Mr. Sirone.”
Mahatu learned the continental language.
It was the principle that religion and society should be separated to improve the lives of the tribal people, so it was a must-have in order to negotiate with the Galliant government.
“Mr. Mahatu, you have become the chief.”
“I don’t know if I deserved it, but it happened.”
The warriors couldn’t hold back their anger.
To them, assaulting priests was the worst felony that could not be replaced with anything.
“Chief! Please explain! Who are they!”
Mahatu asked Sirone with a puzzled expression.
“Why didn’t you prove the power of an angel?”
“Ah, that… … There were some circumstances.”
Mahatu seemed to know.
Recently, many people have been flocking to Kergo Ruins.
What the hell is going on in heaven?
The seriousness of the situation could be seen just by looking at the level of those brought by Sirone.
‘What the hell are those monsters?’
Kergo’s greatest warrior, Mahatu, could feel it.
Each one of them was a master who honed his different strains to the limit. Gaold, in particular, was not human.
Even Shirone couldn’t help it if she, who thought she would never lose to anyone in terms of fighting spirit, would lose her mind just by looking into her eyes for a moment.
Since the compromise was in progress, there was no extreme conflict, but the war of nerves between the warriors and Gaold was still fierce.
“Punish the heretic who assaulted the priest! We are ready to fight! I’m not afraid of anything like you!”
“Yes, come in! Come in and see!”
Gangnan pathetically looked at Gaold, who was arguing with warriors who could not speak the language, and rubbed his temples.
‘As expected, I didn’t make that human the commander.’
Even so, the reason for leaving it alone is that sometimes Gaold’s method is necessary.
Above all, isn’t it the beginning of the day he’s been waiting for 20 years?
It was a tough day that even the most ugly duckling couldn’t nag at today.
“Quiet everyone! How dare you disobey my order!”
“Chief! We are ready to die at the chief’s command. But compromising with heresy is not even denying the existence of Kergo!”
“Stupid. Do you know who is here right now?”
The warriors’ eyes turned to Sirone.
However, even a year ago, they were imprisoned under the iron fist of Kadum, and they did not know the boy’s face.
Mahatu raised his hand and introduced Sirone.
“This is God’s messenger, Sirone-sama, who punished the Kadum faction and saved us half-angel faction.”
—————————————

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-412.txt
=============YYYYY=============
[412] Task Force (4)
Sirone and the others followed Mahatu through a complicated maze.
Upon learning that they were messengers of God, the warriors knelt in unison, and even after entering together, they were welcomed by the tribesmen.
Unlike Kadum, who paid a huge tribute to the messenger of God in order to obtain eternal life, Mahatu managed Kergo’s funds transparently.
The lives of the tribesmen improved, and the faces of those passing by were full of energy.
Although she didn’t fight for Kergo, Sirone, who opened the Guffin’s door and went to heaven, was their savior.
“I’d like to have a festival at least, but it seems that the situation is urgent.”
“yes. I have to go to heaven as soon as possible.”
Mahatu did not inquire about the circumstances of heaven.
Kergoin still worships Anchera and reveres angels, but the most important thing to him is the life of the tribesmen.
Sein asked.
“How many people are on the waiting list? I heard earlier that it is saturated.”
Anyone can go to heaven if the Unlocker opens the Guffin’s door, but in order to prevent indiscriminate passage to heaven, Maze created a room of achievement and sacrifice and arranged that only the chosen warriors pass through.
If it was saturated, it meant that there were quite a few people waiting for the Unlocker to come.
Mahatu tastefully smacked his lips.
“Actually, not that many. About 7 people.”
“Strange. But why did you block the entry?”
“That is… … Actually, it’s not something I can talk about. But you will know when you see it for yourself.”
Gaold didn’t care.
Anyway, the only thing to do in Kergo was Guffin’s Gate.
If there were talented people waiting for heaven, he would take them, but it would be difficult to match them as the level of the team members was high.
“it’s okay. Let’s go and see it, and let’s get rid of it quickly.”
As if expressing sincerity, Mahatu accelerated his steps.
The place they arrived at was a huge iron gate with a giant sculpture engraved on it.
“This is the warrior’s room. Warriors who want to go to heaven are waiting here.”
When Mahatu opened the iron door, Gaold quickly entered and the party followed.
The seven warriors Mahatu said were sitting in different places, keeping a keen eye on Gaold.
The swordsman, who was sitting with a longsword in his arms, asked.
“A warrior or an angel?”
Gaold didn’t respond, checked the faces of the seven people, then turned to Sein and said.
“You have to be at least level 6 certified. Other than that, it’s not worth evaluating.”
The wizard in the corner frowned.
“You talk as if you’re going to be a certified 6th grader.”
“What if?”
“haha! Is that why you’re so arrogant? Certified wizards, I’ve killed countless times. It’s anachronistic to judge skill by rank. How much hell you have experienced, how life and life are divided depending on it.”
The wizard walked away, revealing the five rings on his right hand.
The man holding the sword said nervously.
“Hey, you know I asked first?”
“Doesn’t it matter? Anyone can go as long as they have the skills. Wasn’t that the rule?”
The wizard in front of Gaold waved his right hand and gestured for him to come in.
“I will teach you the state of those who have escaped the water supply.”
Gaold’s index finger aimed at him.
The moment the air gun exploded with a bang, the magician’s body crashed into the wall. He spurted blood and hit his butt on the floor, his head bowed deeply and he could not move any further.
“next.”
Sirone frowned.
He didn’t intend to kill him like he did in the association’s underground bunker, but he knew the power of Gaold’s air gun better than anyone else.
“I also agree with what he said earlier.”
An elderly wizard walked to the center, easing his neck.
“There is a level beyond the number of degrees. But to those who are not backed by their skills, theories are just delusions. I’d be a little different… … !”
At the same time as the magician’s face crumpled to one side, the back of Gaold’s hand, which had cast teleportation, hit his face and passed by.
The wizard, whose head shook left and right like a punch bowl, collapsed like a piece of wood.
“next.”
In an instant, none of the five people who watched two people drop out did not move.
It is not a team that simply dreams of making a fortune on the outskirts of heaven.
It was apparently a task force with business in heaven.
When no one came forward, Gaold pointed to the swordsman who was sitting with his sword in his arms.
“Hey, you. Didn’t you order something earlier?”
The swordsman kept his mouth shut and glared at Gaold.
Then he suddenly relaxed his expression and raised both hands as if he couldn’t be defeated.
“Whoops, give up. Acknowledging your skills is also… … ! Aww!”
Gaold, who came running like a dog, slapped his fist.
As the press magic exploded on the swordsman’s chin, his face bounced off in the direction of the hit and slid across the ground.
“Anyway, all of them have only their snouts alive.”
The atmosphere in the room rapidly cooled.
Gaold looked back at the other four, who were staring blankly at him, then turned his head toward the door and said,
“All off. If you don’t want to get lost.”
No matter who said it first, the four of them rushed out the door, struggling from limb to limb.
With only those who passed out and Sirone’s party remaining, a chilly aura hung over the warrior’s room.
Gaold shook his hands and turned to the door.
“it’s okay. It’s neat.”
“There is still one more left.”
Mahatu entered the warrior’s room.
Certainly, his skills would be one step above those who were here, but in Gaold’s opinion, going to heaven was too much.
“what? Are you a challenge too?”
“no. in fact… … .”
Mahatu hesitated and looked out the door.
“There is one more messenger of God. He asked me not to let any more warriors in… … .”
“yes?”
As Mahatu opened the way, a familiar man entered.
It was Armin of Gwangan, the Eternal Reflector.
“Oh my.”
To catch big fish, you need good bait.
As expected, Shiina was perfect for capturing Armin.
Shiina’s eyes turned cold.
How long do you have to be treated like a child to get your intuition resolved?
However, when he saw Armin’s face, his tone did not come out as harsh as he thought.
“Why is my brother here? Did you forget what I asked for?”
“No, I remember. I didn’t come here with the intention of interfering in your life. To keep my promise to myself.”
Gaold said.
“Sorry, but that won’t work. I don’t work with the white line. I can’t figure it out.”
“The ivory tower has withdrawn. Isn’t that what happened?”
Shiina’s eyes widened.
If he had thrown away the magical utopia that only the best wizards in the world could enter, it would mean that his resolution was not normal.
“Uh, why? And Keira… … .”
Armin kept quiet about what was going on inside. However, a look of heaviness passed over his face.
“Shina, nothing in the world is more important than you. Heaven is a dangerous place. You can never go to a place like that alone. Even for the people of the Olipher School who raised me.”
“Shiina-san is a certified 5th grade wizard.”
“Mr Kuan… … .”
Shiina was surprised that the taciturn Kuan had opened her mouth.
“I know roughly what kind of relationship it is, but I feel like I’m ignoring it too much. And you don’t have to worry about Mr. Shiina’s life or death. No one will die until I die.”
The wizard is a position that must survive until the end of the party.
As a swordsman, the fact that they died first, regardless of their skills, hurt their pride.
‘Is it Kuan… … .’
A demon of the sword who cut down two people against the continent’s strongest swordsman group Fengzhang.
It seems that such a person took good care of Shiina.
It was a comforting fact in a situation where he had to follow the madman Gaold, but as an older brother, he couldn’t help but feel sad.
‘Well, with what qualifications do I… … .’
Except for Shiina, everyone seemed to welcome Armin’s joining.
A master of time magic who conquered the speed of light.
In particular, the stop magic that stops time was the world’s strongest crowd control.
“Okay, if it has nothing to do with the white line, I accept it. But anyway, I’m in charge. If you disobey, I will remove you from the team, so please know that.”
Armin had no complaints either.
Since Shiina was held hostage, fighting for the team was the best way.
With the flight to heaven just around the corner, a final team of 10 members was formed to recapture the labyrinth.
‘Wow, it’s really amazing when you put it all together.’
Sirone couldn’t believe that he belonged to the team.
Regardless of white, red, black, it was a task force with the best people gathered.
* * *
Mahatu gave away all the remaining rooms.
The 10 people who each got a separate room had dinner and gathered in the largest room as a conference room.
The opening time for the Guffin’s door is 6:00 AM tomorrow.
Considering the association’s pursuit, leaving immediately is the way to go, but even if you go over anyway, you’ll have to sleep first.
After entering heaven, even taking a break could be a war, so I preferred to spend the night here.
Gaold unfolded the map Gangnan had given him on the table.
It was a spray chart with colored dots on a map of heaven.
“Heaven is currently going through a cataclysmic period. A revolution has broken out among the subjects, and rebels are active. What you see now is a real-time threat map with Level 2 or higher alert zones displayed. Oh, I must leave out the word real-time. Because it was three months ago.”
Gaold’s Royal Guard, who were on a spy mission in heaven, had no further contact until the last time they sent this map.
Sein said.
“As a result of confirming Eastas, it became necessary to revise the existing strategy. Checking the maze’s condition is the first priority. In some cases, changing the coordinates of the Akashic Records may not make sense.”
Ethella said.
“If Miro was kidnapped from heaven, shouldn’t the enemy’s status be reset? It means that you are already preparing yourself.”
“yes. A preemptive strike through stealth is difficult. I’ll have to look at the situation, but I’ll use the strategy of infiltrating after causing as much disturbance as possible.”
said Armin.
“Creating a disturbance in heaven? There won’t be many ways. Are you planning to use the rebels?”
“That, too, is clearly in my head. But the rebels won’t move easily. So what you need is the ancient weapon Tagis. If we can neutralize Heaven’s interception system, ‘Aegis’, they will change their minds.”
Armin shook his head.
“no. Even if they could break through the Aegis, there is little chance that the rebels will launch an all-out war. As most of them were subjects, they must know the power of heaven better than anyone else. If Mecca and Norr were united, it would be a force that could not be overlooked even by Heaven, but the problem is fear. Imprinted fear is not easily forgotten.”
“Fear can be eliminated. Anyway, the trend of heaven will be far away from our expectations. You have to deal with it from time to time. After all, we have the Masterpiece.”
Shiina asked.
“What does it mean? Masterpiece?”
Sein looked back at Sirone.
“It is you, Sirone. If you succeed, you can create an effect equivalent to moving the entire rebel army. So let’s listen now. How the hell are you going to blow up heaven?”
When everyone’s eyes suddenly focused on her, Sirone gulped down her saliva with a nervous expression.
It is a part that must be explained before leaving for heaven, but the atmosphere was different from when I told Gaold.
From now on, it was a real battle where every word was a strategy.
Gaold shoved his chin as if he were vouching for it.
“Hehe, there is no need to hesitate, Sirone. In my opinion, it’s really crazy magic.”
‘That’s why I’m more anxious… … .’
—————————————

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-413.txt
=============YYYYY=============
[413] Task Force (5)
“It’s okay to talk, Sirone. Because it’s just a home. We will listen and judge.”
Encouraged by Zulu’s words, Sirone repeated the explanation given to Gaold.
“First of all, it’s magic based on Ataraxia.”
“Of course it is.”
It was best to start with Ataraxia to get even a 1% chance of Sirone destroying Heaven.
“The casting direction will be set to the sky. That’s why we spread a magic circle over her head.”
“Hoo? Is it the sky?”
It was definitely the beginning of a unique way.
As everyone’s expectations rose, Sirone continued.
“Ataraxia is a trigger magic, so the range is not fixed. I thought the way to shoot into the sky was the most effective way to maximize that advantage.”
“understood. then… … What are you going to shoot?”
“Laser.”
“laser?”
Everyone here knows what a laser is.
But the sky was too empty to destroy anything.
“yes. I will amplify the linearity of the laser with ataraxia and shoot it as high as possible.”
Fleur asked.
“If it is a high place, how high is it?”
“Well, it’s a simple calculation, but roughly… … About 6,000 kilometers.”
“Six, six thousand?”
Shiina said.
“With a laser, it is possible. Because it is a single straight wavelength. If you combine Ataraxia’s amplifying power and the characteristic called trigger, then higher altitudes are probably possible. So, Sirone?”
Sirone began to explain in earnest.
“At an altitude of 6,000 kilometers, we will cast a dark ball through the laser’s information transmission method. It is to compress God’s particles to a high degree, and if you use Ataraxia, you can make a mass of about 10 tons on a planetary scale.”
Chee Hee Hee!
Sein’s Iron Wheel quickly returned.
Even after listening to this, I realized what Sirone was planning to do.
In his head, all sorts of formulas began to be computed in a complicated but precise manner.
Sirone spread her arms wide.
“Perhaps a form of creativity? Actually, the shape is not important, but based on the omnipotence, it seems so, so a spear shaped with light weighing 10 tons is born. And that… … .”
Said Sain who finished the calculation.
“It’s falling.”
“yes. That’s all.”
That’s all.
And everyone was speechless.
A much simpler mechanism than you might expect.
But surprisingly, it contained enough ideas to destroy Heaven.
“But is it really possible?”
Gaold turned to Sein at Fleur’s question. From now on, it was up to his Servant brain to judge.
“possible.”
Said Sein.
“Simply put, a mass of 10 tons falls from an altitude of 6,000 km. If the gravity of heaven is similar to that of this place, it will take about 14 minutes to reach it. The mass window will accelerate further under the influence of gravitational acceleration, and when it reaches its terminal velocity it will exceed 14 kilometers per second.”
Flew’s eyes widened.
“Fourteen kilometers? Second speed?”
If it moves at a speed of 14 kilometers per second, it is impossible to respond from the moment it enters the line of sight.
And the result was a quantification of the power that a 10-ton spear pierced at 41 Mach.
“It will be like that. Even if the kinetic energy generated there alone is converted into explosive power, it is approximately 2.19 million kilobusters. It’s a figure that exceeds Heaven’s durability. If it gets stuck in Arabot in the center, all seven heavens will be razed to the ground.”
If it was Sein’s words, there would be no error in the calculation.
Even so, no one could take the figures that came out now into their hearts.
2.19 million kilobusters?
It was beyond common sense that a boy who was still only a student could wield such power.
“Hey, how are you? I told you it was insane magic.”
Gaold said.
“You know what I liked the most when I first heard this? There are no awkward assumptions. There is a clear distinction between what can be done and what cannot be done. At most, I thought that the senior year guy would talk nonsense, but that wasn’t the case. It is not Sirone’s magic that destroys heaven.”
Sein said.
“Universal gravitation. The gravity of the planet draws in the spear and destroys Heaven itself.”
“That’s right. Those who worshiped the gods will eventually perish at the hands of the gods. It’s called ‘God’s punishment’.”
Sirone turned to Gaold.
“I was going to do it with Shining Spear?”
“The name doesn’t matter. Anyway, the problem is the trajectory, the landing point, and the time.”
Sein said.
“That I can count. I’ll make a chart as soon as I get to heaven. In three days or so, we’ll have a good idea of the motions of the planets, so we’ll just have to set the launch time then.”
Everyone began to articulate new strategies and tactics to accommodate the new parameters.
God’s Punishment had such a powerful ripple effect that the project’s strategy was completely changed.
While everyone was having a heated discussion, only Shiina was looking at Sirone happily.
Gaold seemed to like that the divine punishment used the nature of the natural world, but Shiina had the exact opposite idea.
We all know that dropping 10 tons from an altitude of 6,000 kilometers has tremendous destructive power.
But the reason no one is trying is because to lift 10 tons, potential energy equivalent to kinetic energy is required.
Therefore, God’s punishment was Sirone’s magic, not universal gravitation.
The laser is amplified by Ataraxia, and information is transmitted to Godot, where it activates God Particles to gather mass.
Looking at the results, it is a simple mechanism, but it was an application that would have been impossible for Sirone, who started from a blank slate, without a perfect understanding and analysis of what he had.
‘You’ve squeezed out every last drop.’
The best result that was created after compressing the ideas in my head like diamonds so that there is no gap.
That’s why Shiina was able to sincerely congratulate the disciple on his great leap.
“But there are conditions.”
Said Sirone, cutting off the heated discussion.
“Ataraxia was given to me by Archangel Ikael. Therefore, you must meet Ichael before casting this spell. And I know it was a contract.”
No one is foolish enough to break a contract between team members.
However, it was human nature to want to turn a blind eye for a while at the point of obtaining the extremely high-efficiency weapon of God’s Punishment.
No matter how cool-headed the old man was, the same was true.
In order for Divine Punishment to be activated, Ikael must be brought into contact with Sirone.
Depending on the situation, it may be very easy, or it may be impossible.
Regardless of the level of difficulty, Sein did not like that uncertainty.
“I will keep the contract. Also you deserve our help. But is that really the only option? If you give up on Ikael, I might do something similar to that. For example, with the assumption that all of us will be wiped out, we will prioritize your survival.”
If you can get rid of the uncertainty, that’s better.
That was the amount of God’s punishment that Sain thought of in the project.
“no. I won’t meet Ichael until it puts everyone in danger. But if it’s not dangerous, there’s no need for God’s punishment. Even so, if it becomes dangerous, then there is enough motivation to meet Ikael. Please know that in such a limited situation, there is no need to bind Ichael and God’s Punishment with other restrictions.”
“Hmm, that’s what it meant.”
If it’s a situation that will destroy heaven, it means that the situation has already been cornered.
If even a small probability was to be caught, the case of Sirone meeting Ikael was also considered.
“good. I will be content with the safety of my teammates being independent of Ikael’s tangent.”
It was the best line that Sein and Sirone could come to an agreement on.
* * *
the next morning.
Ten members of the team gathered in front of Guffin’s door.
Kergo chieftain Mahatu and priests surrounded him, and warriors gathered in two columns to see off the Heaven Expedition.
When Sirone opened the Immortal Function, the Guffin’s door disintegrated into particles and turned into a huge space-time tunnel.
While everyone was shouting Ankera, Gaold moved on with an annoyed expression.
Maybe it’s a return to the beginning of everything.
“I will destroy your gods.”
Raising his terrifying eyes, Gaold pushed himself into the black orb without hesitation.
Mikea Gaold – Red Line 1st Class Archmage
Powerful: Transcendent self-denial
Position: Commander
Gangnan’s expression as he watched Gaold disappear was indifferent, but his heart was throbbing like never before.
‘The end of 20 years. Whatever happens, it must end here. I will definitely, definitely finish it.’
Ahoya Gangnan – the last descendant of the wolf tribe
Powerful Skill: Ram Muay Strike
Position: Tank
Sein recalled the Day of Judgment of the 20 in front of Guffin’s door.
Since Miro left, Gaold has become a crippled person, but Sein was jealous of him for being able to be insane.
Those were the days of running madly for the sake of the labyrinth.
‘You just need to find a maze. You don’t have to worry about anything other than that. Even if the world ends… … .’
Sein’s body fell into the black sphere.
‘I save the labyrinth.’
Castro Sane – Black Line’s Strongest Mental Wizard
Powerful skill: Anti-magic through Iron Eyes
position: order
Zulu kept nothing. He has no longing for life and no fear of death.
If today’s work is also just a point in a huge cycle, you just have to leave your body and mind to the flow.
‘You have to empty it without regret. There is life in death.’
Zulu-Red Line 1st Class Summoning Mage
Power: Summon Lich
Position: Utility
Armin looked back at Shiina in front of Guffin’s door.
Just seeing Kuan by his side made his heart ache.
‘I’m sure you did too.’
I could understand a little how she felt about having to watch Keira as a loving couple.
‘But it was for you. Even to prove it, I will stand by your side.’
Armin turned quickly as if to erase his thoughts and disappeared through the Guffin’s door.
Even if the end of the world was beyond this, there was no reason to hesitate.
‘Shina, wherever you go… … .’
Generaid Armin – Former Ivory Tower Time Mage
Powerful: Stop
Position: Crowd Control
It was only after Armin disappeared that Shiina’s eyes turned into sadness.
I wanted to become a wizard with my brother. And he wanted to see the countless beauties of the world.
What I had dreamed of since childhood has become a reality, but why am I not happy?
‘No, let’s not think about it. It’s foolish to be sentimental before a mission. I just need to do what I can.’
Olifer Shiina – Red Line Certified 5th Class Wizard
Power: Absolute Zero
Position: Main Dealer
Kuan looked at Shiina’s back as she walked away.
As a swordsman, the lives of all nine people are beyond his own death.
Perhaps the probability that he will return alive is slightly higher than the possibility that all 10 people will miraculously return to life.
Even so, the reason I didn’t feel dirty was probably because I wanted to protect someone for the first time.
‘Is this my grave?’
A cool smile appeared on Kuan’s lips as he turned to Saji.
Farka Kuan – Certified Level 6 Swordsman, Kaizen Swordsmanship School Instructor
Powerful: Movement Control
Position: Hitman
‘Master, give me strength.’
Etella closed her eyes and fell into a short meditation.
After being defeated by Arcane, her sense of duty, which had been polished after polishing, was burning like never before.
The moment Karcis Jung’s warm voice, telling her to become the light of the world, rushed into her head like a roar, her eyes flashed.
‘Destroy evil. That is my mission.’
Romi Etela – Certified 6th Class Wizard, Searcher Jonah, Bishop of the Karsis Monastery
Powerful Skill: Yin-Yang Wave Fist Thousand Arms Guanyin Lightning Strike
Position: Sub Dealer
“Whoa. Whoa.”
Flu did everything he could to keep the adrenaline in check.
Joining the world’s best wizard team as a professional wizard is an honor beyond compare.
‘You can’t show clumsiness. Let’s believe what she’s been doing. Yes, I am Ravid Flu. you can do it!’
No matter what hardships you face, you will definitely succeed in your mission.
After countless vows as if engraved in her heart, she finally took her first steps at the Guffin’s door.
‘For me, death is also an honor. I’m just doing my best not to be a nuisance to everyone.’
Ravid Flu – Certified 8th grade wizard, manipulator Joner
Power: Bonghwangjeong
Position: Supporter
Sirone watched until the end as all the team members left for heaven. And he looked back as if looking back at the years gone by.
Life so far passed by like a kaleidoscope.
‘Hello everyone.’
At the end of life, we meet the beginning of life.
For Sirone, this journey meant just that.
Now come, there can be no fear.
Even if I lose everything, I thought of pouring everything in heaven so that I wouldn’t regret today’s judgment.
“Go, messenger of God.”
Receiving Mahatu’s greeting, Sirone passed the warriors’ path and arrived at the Guffin’s Gate.
The tunnel of dark spheres did not show what was beyond. Just like everyone’s future, only distant uncertainty lingers around.
‘From now on, I won’t even look back!’
Sirone opened her eyes and ran into the Guffin’s door.
The space-time barrier distorted with powerful force swallowed Sirone and threw her into a world that humans could never reach.
Ariane Sirone – Alpheas Magic School Senior Class
Powerful: Amplification magic using Ataraxia
Position: Terminator
—————————————

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-414.txt
=============YYYYY=============
[414] Second Purgatory (1)
The Arun Mountains located in the northeast of Tormia Kingdom.
In this place full of gloomy aura from ancient times, there is Belkyr’s seal, which was sealed a long time ago.
Just as there was magic even when you didn’t know magic, it was the mages who dealt with the law who sealed the demons.
But now, thousands of years have passed, the will of good has faded, and the evil of Belkir has gradually entered the gap and started to encroach on the law.
This is the story of Belkyr’s resurrection.
The majesty of Belkyr, which broke through the 20-meter-thick underground bedrock and appeared in the hollow of the mountain range, was overwhelming.
Its huge body, which was 15 meters tall and weighed 32 tons, resembled an octopus, and its skin was dark as if it had rotted.
The two arms looked like human beings, but if you look closely, they were a combination of colorful snakes.
Its reptilian, ferocious face had only red flames imprinted on its pupilless eye sockets.
Burning the dot of flame, Belkyr tumbled over the 24 legs of the octopus like a wave.
– I will destroy the world! I will subjugate all creatures under my feet!
That is the only law that makes up Belkyr.
But the big star of thousands of years ago had to feel the futility of time.
Humans who had achieved civilization were no longer easy enough to perish at the appearance of a single demon.
The mage sect, which had previously identified the location of demons based on ancient documents, sent an official letter of cooperation to the Ministry of Defense of the Kingdom.
A cage-level party was organized with the King’s approval, and 21 wizards entered the caves of the Arun Mountains.
Now, 8 hours and 37 minutes have passed since then.
Cage B Team, which consisted of official 4th grade to 6th grade, amputated all of Belkyr’s legs and was putting on a final offensive for complete extinction.
“Quaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!”
Belkyr crawled through the cave, struggling with his arms entangled in snakes.
Although it is a Demon God equipped with all kinds of regenerative abilities, the power emitted by 21 humans was not at the level that he who was active thousands of years ago could handle.
“Insignificant humans! How dare you like me! Aaaaagh!”
Belkyr’s body dented in the shape of an X, and as the flesh split open, slimy liquid spurted out.
The fat bald man jumped into the wound and began swinging his two tanning knives even faster.
“Is the letter X a decoration? uh? decoration? uh? decoration? uh? decoration?”
Currently, 28 kinds of super-powerful buffs were applied to the man.
His arm showed no sign of stopping, and endlessly opened the flesh in an X shape, digging into the heart.
A blush turned on the man’s face when he discovered a light purple muscle mass.
And bit the demon’s heart.
“Aaaaaagh! delicious! So delicious!”
I pulled the heart straight with my teeth and cut the connected part with a razor blade and struck it, and the flesh fell off.
The moment I passed it down my throat, the intense flavor of the raw meat spread and firecrackers exploded in my head.
“Oooh! Oohhhh!”
Meat addict Benifis
Certified 5th Class Battle Mage
Amplify omnipotence through the joy of eating game meat
Special note: Operation of a butcher’s shop
“Turn it off… … !”
Belkyr held out until the end.
Ordinary living beings would die as a matter of morality if they suffered this much.
I could see how tenacious and obsessive the concept of demons was born.
“I-I can’t disappear like this… … .”
“sorry. I’m so sorry.”
A woman with a pale face and gray hair that hung down to her waist shed tears as she hugged Belkyr.
Every time her hand stroked the demon’s body, the wriggling flesh stopped working.
“How much does it hurt? how painful would that be Hehehe! sorry. I can’t help… … Hee hee hee!”
An unbearable laugh broke out between the sobbing voices.
The contrast between the big eyes that shed tears and the grotesquely twisted corners of the mouth was chilling.
Saint Moriac
Certified 6th Class Healing Mage
Wide-area healing magic reaching 100 meters in diameter is long-lasting.
Peculiarities: Manic Severe
In the human world, to the point of being called a demon, it was a position equivalent to a two-legged mara in heaven, but now it was just a demon in danger of being destroyed at the same time as the advent of only 21 humans.
Belkyr finally realized that he had been imprisoned.
The magicians’ abilities sealed themselves off like ours and beat them for 8 hours.
When the devil was in trouble, Rose, the team leader of Cage Team B, went to the main dealer.
As expected, he was preoccupied with smoking in the corner and goofing around.
“hey! Can’t you come in soon? Do you know how much this party costs per hour? Does the association give you money by digging the ground?”
“Ah, that witch.”
Tarvan shook off his cigarette and looked at Belkyr.
It was clearly compacted and in perfect condition to be destroyed.
‘Stop messing around, you jingling bastard.’
Tarvan spread his hands as he rushed towards Belkyr, and a high frequency sound pierced his eardrums from the top of his palms.
Kaiser Blast.
All the wizards who heard this name scattered in all directions.
As Tarvan’s hands extended forward, Belkyr’s heavy body began to vibrate.
“Remember, humans! I am… … !”
Woooooooooooooooooooooooooh!
At the same time as the explosion, Belkyr’s shape disappeared without a trace.
Flesh splattered everywhere, but even that melted in the heat.
“Mission complete.”
It was the result that came out exactly 8 hours and 49 minutes after Cage Team B arrived here.
At that time, the eyes of the communications wizard, who had been dozing with his back leaning against the cave wall, opened.
Information was output on the crystal ball in front of me.
It took roughly four hundred lines of code to convey just one sentence.
“manager. manager.”
As Rose turned around, the communication wizard floated a crystal ball over her palm and said,
“It’s an association call. Gather all of Team B in the cage.”
Magic Association.
The hallway on the 18th floor, where the president’s office was located, was full of wizards.
Team B’s face was full of dissatisfaction as they were all scattered and waiting for the team leader.
Basically, Cage B Team is made by selecting only the best performers in each field.
It’s no exaggeration to say that they were the busiest wizards in the kingdom, so it was natural that they weren’t happy to be called after the mission was over.
“What are you anxious about? I need to go home soon and look after the baby. Are you sure you don’t intend to do anything more here?”
“By the way, why doesn’t the team leader come out like this? Do you know anything, old man?”
Tarvan asked Horkin.
Cage, the eldest member of Team B and the person in charge of the order, would know something, but he just smiled dubiously.
When the door to the president’s office opened and Rose came out, wizards rushed towards her.
As expected, it was not a good thing, but her expression was not good.
“Team leader, what did the president of the association say?”
Currently, Rufist temporarily serves as the president of the association, but those who are not members of the association do not care whoever takes over as the president, as long as the settlement is done properly.
“It is an urgent mission. I guess you guys should run one more time.”
No one said a word, but the hallway shook uneasy with the cold blood shooting from their gaze.
Saint Moriac asked.
“Why us? There is also a cage A team, right?”
There is almost no difference in skill between Cage A and Cage B.
No matter how top of each field, Tormia’s defense power is not so weak that there are not 40 such talented people.
However, if Team A of Cage worked together for a long time, Team B of Cage was an improvised member depending on the situation at that time.
In that minor difference, there is no choice but to be in the middle of the day.
If they had to carry out the mission of the association this time, the target would be the Cage A team, not themselves.
“I also suggested. But currently, Cage Team A is temporarily unavailable.”
said Horkin.
“It’s because of Gaold.”
“that’s right. Currently, Team A has a person presumed to be Gaold’s bodyguard. Until the truth is uncovered, we are the only cage-level party in the kingdom.”
Tarban said.
“Still, it can’t be done. Isn’t it the team leader who asked for a contract from the beginning? And this friend of Roche has a daughter who can’t even stretch yet. She is beaten to death by Jesu.”
“That’s right, chief. please take me out Even if I had to pay a penalty… … .”
Rose’s eyes narrowed.
“Don’t be mistaken. This is not a guild. Settlement is just an example given at the association level. Currently, the first-class mobilization order of the kingdom has been declared. Failure to do so will result in disqualification from the red line and be punished according to the laws of the kingdom. Do you know what the kingdom atmosphere is like right now? You better know how to crawl.”
The wizards were silent.
Anyway, leaving the red line, I couldn’t think of their location, so in the end, I had to remove them from above.
Rose’s expression softened a little.
“As the team leader, I am sorry. However, when this mission is over, the association also promised a sufficient reward. You will be able to get three times the original down payment and reputation points equal to the special promotion.”
Money is money, but the words of reputation points changed the eyes of the wizards.
From the official 6th grade, the number of points to be accumulated for promotion was enormous, so if this task was successful, it would be a solid hold on one’s share.
Horkin asked.
“so… … What are we supposed to do?”
Rose kept quiet as if this was a problem.
Isn’t the level of difficulty too high, no matter how cage-level?
“This target is… … It is human.”
“human? Who is the human?”
Rose’s eyes flashed sharply.
“The former president of the Tormia Magic Association, Mikea Gaold is eliminated.”
* * *
Purgatory outside Heaven. Forest of the Vulnerable.
After coming out of the tunnel where the light flowed like a torrent, a vast expanse opened up before Sirone’s eyes.
The concentric circles of heaven were visible beyond the sea of floods, and drones were clustered like gnats in a certain section.
Having already experienced it, Sirone took a deep breath and prepared to land.
As expected, the direction sharply changed and it fell vertically.
The sea disappeared and the forest passed by.
I watched with my eyes wide open until the ground was right in front of me, then I twisted my body.
“Whoa.”
It was a much more stable landing than before, but no one congratulated Sirone.
The nine people who passed through the Guffin’s door first were scattered, looking in different directions, lost in thought.
Sein said.
“It is the forest of the profane. It is the habitat of monopods.”
“Single ears. It’s a quiet place. Shall we go then?”
secluded place.
Sirone recalled the situation in which she had been surrounded by poisonous ears.
Thanks to that, I was able to meet Kanya and Lena and enter heaven, but it was never a safe place.
‘Well, it might be a secluded place for these people… … .’
Sein explained as he walked.
Purgatory is largely classified into three places: the habitat of cults, the mainland, and the outskirts of the community.
In particular, the outskirts of the community is a general term for the areas where non-subjects live, and they are specially called borderline people.
Sein’s current destination is a place called the mainland, and since it is the only neutral zone where heretics and vigilantes gather, it was a place he had to stop by to get information.
As I passed through the middle of the forest, the ground suddenly started shaking as if an earthquake had occurred.
The party, who was on alert, waited for a new change to appear, and as the sound gradually died down, they exchanged glances and made their way through the forest.
“oh my god… … .”
Hundreds of giants formed a line in the plain below the mountain and were heading somewhere.
A giant created through Anecdotal Sake.
At the time, they were shocked by the mere existence of giants and didn’t have time to think about it, but according to Sein’s explanation, they were currently on their way to Jotunheim, the land of giants.
There, he regains his identity and returns to heaven to keep the law, but if he falls, he cannot come to heaven and is banished to the land of fire called Muspel.
“A giant is also a power that cannot be ignored. But they are just monsters. I’d rather ignore him and go.”
The faces of the 10 people who were stuck in the bush disappeared without a sound.
—————————————

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-415.txt
=============YYYYY=============
[415] Second Purgatory (2)
Sirone and the others proceeded towards the mainland.
It would be faster to travel by Zulu’s summoned beast, but it wasn’t a good choice as we didn’t know about the conflict in Purgatory.
In particular, since the sky of Heaven is a place where angels, Maras, and drones are active, I wanted to avoid situations where I could be captured from a distance greater than the radius of Etela’s Spirit Zone.
But contrary to their expectations, the forest of the profane was very quiet.
It was a surprise to them, who imagined angels patrolling the sky and defeating heretics and rebels.
Gangnan asked.
“How can I interpret this? An unexpected change? Or proof that the rebels were destroyed?”
“Either way is possible.”
At Sain’s words, Fleur tilted her head.
“Is there a possibility that the forest will be quiet without the rebels being destroyed?”
“Common sense, it’s impossible. But if you think like that, the maze disappeared as well. Anything can happen. We still have to see it that way.”
Sein felt the sense of incongruity felt in the maze’s space-time again.
No, the fact that even the situation in purgatory was different from what was expected made her more anxious.
‘It’s something I’ve been designing with bated breath for 20 years. But why is it going so wrong?’
Can I really trust my current senses?
Maybe this too is a coincidence. Because anyone can check the result and fit the cause there.
Sein made a simple conclusion.
‘Let’s not think hard. Both situations need to be calculated. I can do it.’
“There is someone.”
Ethella stopped and looked to the right.
Of course, I didn’t feel it nearby. A variety of information flowed in from the Spirit Zone spanning a radius of two kilometers.
About 20 people are moving, displaying motility beyond the normal range.
The sound of weapons colliding with each other and the sound of explosions came through synesthesia.
“I think we are in a battle. It’s about 800 meters away.”
Flew asked, looking out of the corner of her eye at Gaold.
“Are you sure?”
It meant that I needed approval to raise my mobility.
Since the current situation in the forest was different from what was expected, holding your breath would be an option, but Gaold chose the straight attack method.
“Check.”
At the same time as the instructions were issued, the entire team turned into a flash of light and disappeared.
Kuan and Gangnan were moved by Zulu, and except for Sirone, they were all pros, so there was no problem navigating the complex forest.
Sirone also conquered the master difficulty of movement control in the senior class, but the difference in level was clear depending on the grade.
In particular, the movements of Gaold, Sein, Zulu, and Armin, who were in the lead, were escaping the complex terrain like ghosts, as if reminiscent of the movement of aircraft.
‘How long does it take to train like that?’
Upon arriving at the scene, the silence from before had disappeared and a loud sound was filling the forest.
“Follow me! Take out their hearts!”
“Kyayayayayaya!”
The Kergos, clad in black armor, were chasing after the Mechas, emitting a distinctive groan.
Their movement as they ran together with the horse was like a gale, but the speed of the Meccans was not easy to catch.
‘What is that?’
The mobility of the Mecha tribe was coming from a mechanical device connected to a bony skeleton mounted outside the body.
A skeleton ran across the shoulder line at the back of the back to the arms, then ran down the spine from the neck down to the legs.
According to the movement of the wearer, Ching! Ching! The joint joints were rotating with a refreshing sound, but each time they hit the ground, the jumping distance increased by 5 meters and 6 meters.
“Piper, a strength aid. These are Mecca fighters.”
The Mechas flew around the forest as if springs were attached to the soles of their feet.
But the Kergos are also excellent hunters.
One of them, who unknowingly put the Mecca under siege, burst out of the forest like a surprise and brandished a sword.
“Huh!”
A Mecca member held out an Xd.
The hologram shield spread and created a shock wave, but schema’s physical strength was slightly superior, and he stumbled and fell to the floor.
Mecha soldiers gathered around their fallen comrades and looked around.
The Kergos, who had blocked the escape route before they knew it, were revealing themselves one by one, surrounding them in all directions.
The short-haired woman who is the leader of the Mecha tribe whispered into her mouth the drone mounted on her wrist.
“This is the 2nd reconnaissance team. Currently under siege by the Kergos. I wish you support.”
No answer came.
However, due to the nature of radio communication, it could not be guaranteed that the request for support did not go through.
‘please please… … .’
At a distance of 20 meters from him, Sirone and the others were watching the situation.
The Kergos are proud of their excellent pursuit skills, but they couldn’t use much power in front of Sein’s Equilibrium.
In a state where even the sound of breathing was ground inside the iron wheel and dropped to a silent level, the five senses were useless.
Kang Nan turned to Gaold and asked.
“Where are you going? Kergo? Mecca?”
It was the first turning point they encountered after coming to heaven.
The subjects are classified into three races: Kergo, Mecha, and Nor, and each has a different fighting method, culture, and way of thinking.
Depending on which race you start with, the process of reaching the maze will be completely different, so you need to be careful.
rustle.
The bush swayed and Kergo warriors patrolling the outskirts of the formation appeared.
The warrior opened his eyes wide with a heart-stopping face.
It was natural to be surprised to see 10 people suddenly standing in a place where nothing could be captured even with the sensory system schema.
Heading back to where his comrades were, he raised his lungs and shouted.
“female… … .”
Gaold’s hand swung quickly.
“feather… … !”
With a pop, the Kergo warrior’s face flew away.
Sirone and Fleur stared blankly at the shivering muscular body without a face, then came to their senses.
If restraining one’s emotions and making rational judgments and putting them into practice is a normal human reaction, then Gaold’s reaction just a moment ago was extremely mechanical.
“If you think you have to kill someone according to your own judgment under any circumstances, kill them. I do the rear end. Even if it was the wrong choice, I will consider it as the worst thing other than the death of a team member.”
It was, for example, the issuance of a license to kill Gaold.
It is a thoroughly correct method for the survival of the team members, but not even asking whether the judgment is right or wrong is something that can be said because it is a Gaold that can take and press down with force in any situation.
Also, this was almost the only reason he was chosen as the team’s commander.
Kang Nan looked sideways at Gaold and asked.
“Now that it’s like this, the race selection is Mecca?”
There are many values that are more important to humans than the death of others, but the Kergos are an organization bound by divine law.
Since he had already killed one person, the barrier to compromise was higher than in Mecca.
“For Anchera!”
Gaold’s eyes twitched in displeasure.
“I’m going to Mecca.”
As soon as the words fell, Quan jumped out. Hitman was perfect for this kind of work.
“Squad leader! If we continue like this, we will be annihilated!”
The Meccans were barely holding on in the face of being beaten.
Piper compensates for muscle strength, but it is only a function limited to large muscles, so it was almost impossible to defeat the Kergo warriors, whose whole body is a weapon, in hand-to-hand combat.
“Retreat! I’ll take care of this place!”
The squad leader jumped to the limb.
He knew what a person caught in a heresy hunt would go through, but he had to buy a little time before he could expect reinforcements.
“Cut her limbs and bring her torso!”
Just hearing the words made my teeth tremble.
She wanted to run away even now, but the Kergo warriors who had already jumped over her head were swinging their swords to cut off her arms.
Whoa!
At that time, a strong flash blew, and a faint afterimage passed by the Kergo warrior.
“what… … !”
The woman’s eyes twinkled in shock.
The faces of the Kergo warriors were separating and falling away from their bodies like a cork being pulled out.
‘There are 7 people left.’
Spinning in the air, Quan grasped the position of the remaining enemy.
Six people were killed with a single cut, and no one knew that there were 12 subtle changes in the process of the cut.
“Enemies! Kill!”
Only after losing half of their power did the Kergos realize the presence of the assailant and throw themselves at it.
Kuan’s body continued to move bizarrely while being bound by threads of external gravity that stretched out in three directions.
It vibrated like a pendulum, then suddenly jumped out, and blood spattered from the bodies of the four people who passed him.
‘Three more.’
Another warrior was decapitated.
‘2 people.’
The enraged Kergo squad leader’s eyes widened.
They also make full use of external gravity, but it is only an auxiliary means to slash the enemy. It was the first bizarre movement that made him feel like being ridiculed like Kuan.
“Don’t disdain Kergo’s skills!”
As the vice-captain swung the moon sword, Quan’s line of movement bent like a magnet with like poles and flew past the vice-captain.
“haha! It took!”
Digging traps, the basis of Kergo tactics.
The horsehaired warrior who had been dormant beforehand lowered his sword to the flying Quan.
“huh?”
But it didn’t feel like it was in my hand.
When I looked up, Quan, who should have been within the radius of the sword, was floating in the air and did not move.
Quan gave the ponytail warrior an annoyed glare, then slowly looked away.
At the same time, his body was spinning like a top, and he was dragged to the unit commander’s place as if a skein of thread was wound around him.
“Captain! back!”
Before the unit commander could react, Quan’s sword cut his throat.
As the external gravity disappeared, he landed on the floor and threw his sword while spinning.
The sword, which flew faster than the arrow, pierced the ponytail warrior’s stomach and stuck into a tree.
When Kergoin was annihilated, the forest fell into silence.
It was a dazzling battle, but it happened in about 5 seconds at the most.
Sirone and the others entered the scene only then.
I was deeply admiring Kuan’s ability, which I had only heard about through rumors, but the face of the person concerned was distorted with irritation.
‘damn! How much garbage has a guy like me become?’
In the past, it would have been enough to cut down everyone before even one breath of external gravity was over.
But now, rather, there was only one person left, and the last treatment was nothing more than a temporary response using the secret sword.
“Kuan-san, are you okay? Even if you are injured… … .”
As Shiina approached, Kuan hurriedly erased his expression. She had no intention of getting her sympathy from her.
“sorry. It seems that the balance is not perfect yet.”
Shiina tilted her head.
As a sorceress, she could never know what Quan had done wrong.
After thinking for a moment, she just said what she had prepared.
“It was amazing. I haven’t seen much of the swordsman’s technique, but I think I’ve broadened my perspective this time.”
It was rather embarrassing to Kuan.
As I passed by with a bitter smile, Shiina looked back.
‘Did I do something wrong?’
Mechas, meanwhile, tensed their arms as Gaold approached.
Thanks to their appearance, lives were saved, but it was difficult to clearly identify Pia in Purgatory.
Above all, if a single swordsman had annihilated the Kergo unit, it would have to be seen that he was clearly outclassed with his skills.
“Who are you? Is it heresy?”
Gaold looked back at Sein.
Some of the team members have learned the language of Heaven, but more than half of them needed an interpreter.
When the woman’s words were finally understood by Sein’s spirit world magic, Gaold took a step further.
At the same time, the Mecca flinched back.
The piper attached to the body narrowed the angle of the joint joint by the distance it moved while making a clicking sound.
—————————————

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-416.txt
=============YYYYY=============
[416] Second Purgatory (3)
Gaold, who had invaded like a robber into the gap between the Mechas, looked down at them with high-handedness and asked.
“Are you rebels? Where is your headquarters?”
One of the reasons for going to the mainland was to find a key base for the rebels, so if you listened to them, it would save you a lot of trouble.
But unexpectedly, the woman’s face, which had been frightened just a moment ago, changed dramatically when she heard Gaold’s voice.
Jumping up, she raised the arc and shouted.
“It’s a military community! Raise your arms, everyone! We die here today!”
At the command of the squad leader, the members also took up a fighting posture.
With Cigna and Xd at the fore, their expressions showed their determination to even die.
“Get out of here right now! Otherwise, you will become Ark’s food.”
Ark’s laser aimed at Gaold’s forehead.
Mecha ranged weapon that shoots explosive orbs.
However, the woman knew that he was not an opponent.
‘Since I risked my life, I have no choice but to try blackmail.’
“haha. Kkkkkkkkk.”
As if the wind had entered his lungs, wrinkles appeared on Gaold’s face as he shook his shoulders and smiled.
And when he raised his head again, his eyes were blazing with a flame that was nowhere to be found.
“You’re babbling annoyedly.”
Great heat hell engulfed the Meccans.
It doesn’t matter if it’s misunderstood or misunderstood. Gaold was not a nice person enough to look kindly on those who dared to fight fearlessly.
All the Mecca members who fell into the superheated hell had pale faces and their legs trembled while drooling.
When I heard the demon’s scream, I was so horrified that I wanted to tear my eardrums apart.
It was not a kind of fear that humans could handle.
Even the woman, who had passed the life and death crisis several times as a squad leader, was all about sitting helplessly with her chin shaking.
“Huh. that stop please… … .”
It was only after the Meccans lost their will to fight that Gaold let go of his self-denial.
The tear-stained woman lifted her head and glared at him resentfully.
“Why are you bothering us? We’re fighting against Heaven. Aren’t you guys the same?”
“I don’t know what nonsense you’re talking about, but I don’t know if it’s the military community or what. And weren’t you the ones who called borderline people “mojo people” and belittled them from before?”
“That, that… … .”
Just as the woman was about to retort, trees began to fall in the forest behind the Meccans.
Everyone’s eyes turned to it.
It seemed like something huge was approaching at high speed, but I couldn’t see anything yet.
– Release the magnetic field. Start the argon engine.
As the landscape of the forest shimmered, an opaque boundary began to emerge.
What finally revealed its identity was a bipedal armored tank with a height of almost 4 meters.
The ratio of the upper body to the lower body is 1:1, and it has a sense of stability, and it has relatively long and thick arms on short legs with reverse joints.
The hydraulic cylinders were pumping at different cycles in sync with the sound of the engine.
-Enemy in sight. Preemptive strikes are allowed.
The chariot rushed forward with its four-fingered palm outstretched.
As Gaold stepped back, he leaned forward and slammed the ground. The soil stood up like an iron wall.
The tank, which was hit by the pouring soil, seemed unable to stand up on its own, judging from its shape and weight, but continued to move its legs forward and regained its center by scooping out about 2 tons of soil.
In the meantime, Sirone and the others spread their distance while maintaining their respective fighting distances.
Sirone also activated the Diamond Arms and put on a hood to keep an eye on the situation.
‘What is that?’
Each time the bipedal tank’s waist turned like oil floating on water, the c*ckpit at the top looked ahead.
The c*ckpit was an oval glass ball with an electrified purple sheen, so it was impossible to look inside.
“Guroi. It is the second stage equipment of the Mecha combat system.”
Gaold narrowed his eyes at Gangnan’s explanation.
“Oh, the real thing is definitely good.”
When I only checked the specifications with documents, I thought it was just a walking lump of scrap metal.
However, when I encountered it in real combat, it was a device that had excellent mobility and could be used tactically depending on the skill of the pilot.
In particular, the method of distorting the magnetic field to erase the sense of presence was a state-of-the-art technology that had not been described in documents until recently.
The upper part of the Kuroi spun and turned toward the Mecha.
“Is everyone in Squad 2 all right? What about Kergoin?”
The voice transmitted through the speaker was neutral, but judging from the tone, it was likely a male.
“The Kergos were annihilated. But not us.”
Kuroi’s c*ckpit returned to Gaold.
“Who are they?”
The woman chose her words for a moment.
The bearded man clearly said it was not a military community.
However, the fantasy he showed was tantamount to intangible violence that could not be inflicted without blind hostility.
It was to the point where I thought it would be better for me to go crazy than to go back to that hell again.
“The enemy attacked us.”
Kuroi gave instructions through internal channels.
– Sweep them out. Convert to strike mode. Raise the argon engine gear to level 5.
Chunk! Chunk! Chunk!
The five advancing Kuroi planes changed the shape of their hands all at once.
Four fingers folded outward, and a huge gun barrel with black holes protruded from the inside.
-Open fire!
Can-can-can-can-can-can-can!
A deafening roar was heard as the hundreds-kilogram iron cylinder, in which the ball played the role, swayed with great force.
Heavy bullets ricocheted at three hundred rounds per minute, bursting rocks and snapping trees.
A group of Kuroi turned to Gaold.
The black bullet flew rapidly to a distance of 30 cm in front of Gaold, then rapidly slowed down as if buried in something.
Puff! Fluffy!
Bullets that failed to penetrate the air shield were gathering, creating a black metal barrier.
“Hmm, it’s an iron ball.”
Gaold waited until the bullets lost their rotation before grabbing one with his hand.
Then, the perplexity of the Kuroi unit was transmitted through the shaking of the aircraft.
– Cow, Platoon Leader! I caught the bullet with my hand!
-Keep shooting! They are presumed to be borderline! Don’t judge your enemies by your experience so far!
Gaold, who was weighing the bullet in his hand, let it fly upwards with a thumbs-up.
“Something like an air gun. It will hurt quite a bit.”
Gangnan said with tears in his eyes.
“If you’re going to do it, don’t do it. Or am I?”
Gaold caught the falling bullet.
“take. I’ll have to try it myself.”
Kang Nan gritted his teeth at the nonsense, but he had no intention of overturning the commander’s decision.
“Is that so? Can you take it without damage?”
When Kang Nan looked back at Sein and asked, Cheoryun eyes began to turn.
“It is counting. It will take about a minute.”
Gangnan looked at the battlefield anxiously. It was because it seemed that one minute would be enough time to finish all five planes.
“shit! Who the hell are these people?”
The pilot of Kuroi Unit 3 was to die for.
In the AMOLED Vision installed in front of the c*ckpit, seven split screens cover the front 360 degrees, but it was difficult to capture the man with the sword as if he jumped between screens.
‘There are many strange things in this world.’
Kuan cut all over Kuroi.
Every time the sword was cut, the iron plate opened like flesh and sparked electricity.
‘Is it thicker than armor? Where did people hear it?’
When the engine artery was accidentally cut, Unit 3 lost its balance and stumbled.
“Keugh! This bastard!”
The pilot raised his arms and regained his balance.
Kuroi, which corresponds to the second stage of the mecha combat system, can operate only when it meets the first stage.
The first stage is none other than Piper, and since Kuroi’s operating organs are connected to each part of the pilot’s body, those who have not strengthened their muscles cannot easily move even one arm.
The pilot, who struggled with his limbs and finally found a sense of stability, searched for Kuan’s location.
But what caught his eye was not Kuan, but a cute woman with long brown hair and dark glasses.
“Cute bitch!”
Contrary to her appearance, she was a martial artist, and every time she landed a blow, Kuroi’s body shook and a roar exploded inside.
“OK! I will crush you to the bone!”
The pilot gritted his teeth and swung his fist.
As Kuroi’s waist accelerated, the thick gun barrel struck Etella.
Whoops!
The pilot turned pale as he realized that his back could no longer be turned.
When I checked the multi-vision belatedly, the woman was blocking Kuroi’s gun barrel with her elbow raised to her face.
“Uh, how? One arm alone has 17 horsepower.”
“Whoa.”
Taking a deep breath and calming her arm muscles, Etella turned to Guroi’s side.
Yin-Yang Wave Fist – Wall Mount.
When Kuroi’s leg was struck with a spear, the iron rang along with the waves, and a roar struck the pilot’s eardrums.
“Aaaagh!”
Unknowingly, when he grabbed his ear, Kuroi’s arms followed suit and collapsed forward.
-Damn it! What to do with that big-breasted girl! not human! It’s a monster!
-This way first! Only the engine artery is being picked and cut! Take care of the inspection!
“No, I’m asking who to catch first!”
Kanya, who looked left and right while turning around Kuroi’s waist, shouted with an annoyed expression.
Either way, it wasn’t a fuss.
bang! bang! bang!
Kanya’s one eye closed due to the shock transmitted to the aircraft.
Checking her vision with her other eye, she saw a tentacle monster flying through the forest with tentacles embedded in trees.
“That damned monster!”
Can-can-can-can-can-can-can!
Kuroi’s bullet broke all the trees in the area around which the tentacle monster was roaming.
In the meantime, the monster continued to fight by shooting light without a break.
Empty! Empty!
Every time it hit the light, dozens of tons of Kuroi shook, and the shock was fully transmitted to Kanya, who was connected to the piper.
“That really sucks!”
Wasting ammunition to catch a monster was not the only thing.
As the weapons of the rebels are reduced day by day due to the interference of the military community, pilots are selected only those who can perform strikes as efficiently as possible. It was the reason why she, the sharpshooter of the Ark, was able to board the Kuroi.
“Why such a monster… … !”
What annoys her more than anything is that the monster’s ability resembles the magic of a person she misses.
The incident in which Sirone stopped Ilhwa from drinking did not end with simply saving Kanya’s mother.
The wind he left behind has now become a huge typhoon and has become the conviction of the first principle of the rebels.
It was terribly unpleasant to recall memories with such a precious person by seeing that monster.
“No matter how many bullets it costs, I will definitely kill you!”
As all the trees around it were broken, Sirone’s range of activities became extremely narrow.
Realizing that there was no chance of winning in a long-term battle, Sirone pulled back her robe and began casting magic in earnest.
Like a retina, the light gathered in the center along the Spirit Zone turned into a red ray and shot at Kuroi’s leg.
Exploding the torso would be the most obvious, but the drive joints on the legs were suitable for striking during engagements.
-warning! Detect heat inside the aircraft! Cooling system on! Output limit exceeded!
“No, what are you talking about again?”
Kanya checked the instrument panel with wide eyes.
On the interface where Kuroi’s front view was drawn, the left leg was flashing red.
-Excessive energy output! Energy overload!
The output of the instrument panel went up endlessly.
At 240 percent, 370 percent, and finally 600 percent, the drive joint on the knee side cracked with a bang.
“Kyaaak!”
As Kuroi’s body tilted, the boarding seat fell to the ground.
The shock as if she had fallen from a building made her bones tremble, but Kanya did not let go of the control stick until the end.
“Die, monster… … huh?”
As the noisy AMOLED vision became clearer, the focus was automatically focused on the target at the point where the muzzle was aimed.
“What, what?”
Kanya doubted her own eyes.
The face of a boy who had appeared even in the dream was greatly magnified in the vision.
—————————————

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-417.txt
=============YYYYY=============
[417] Second Purgatory (4)
“Sirone?”
Kanya’s voice trembled.
It was definitely Sirone. But how is it here?
No, that didn’t matter anymore.
It meant that if the character on the screen was Sirone, he could bring new hope to the rebels in despair.
-Unit 5 collapsed! Cover!
After hearing the radio, Kanya finally came to her senses and turned her head to Multivision.
Most of the aircraft were immobilized, but there were still devices that could shoot bullets.
And all of them were aiming at Sirone.
“Wait, no!”
Kanya hurriedly pressed the radio button.
“You can’t shoot! I am not an enemy!”
When there was no response, she radioed and was not relieved. She checked on Sirone.
He was proudly showing off his courage.
“this… … !”
When the emergency escape button was pressed, the tempered glass in the c*ckpit flew forward with a bang.
After removing Piper from Kuroi’s synchro machine, Kanya crawled out of the bush and raised her hand.
“stop! Stop shooting!”
The voice of the platoon leader came from the speaker of Unit 5, which had escaped.
– Open fire.
Tick! Tick! Tick!
Kanya tightly closed her eyes, but the only thing she could hear from the remaining three Kuroi was the sound of steel bouncing.
“What, what?”
Looking around with a blank expression, Kanya realized that the scenery was distorting.
At the center of the distortion, a pair of gigantic cogwheels rotated in mesh.
Sein’s Equilibrium equalized the changes in the chemistry of the gas.
“misfire! It’s an unexploded round, Platoon Commander!”
“Me too. Check your spark plugs.”
“Nothing wrong! this… … ! Kuck!”
cooong!
Kuan and Etela took down one Kuroi.
It took a long time compared to their skills, but it was meaningful that two people specializing in anti-biological warfare destroyed the machine with their physical abilities.
Kuroi’s tempered glass popped out.
The pilot passed out, clinging to the synchro machine, with Armin standing beside him.
As long as the coordinates were certain, it was the spookiness unique to space-time wizards who could penetrate even an enclosed space.
The other team members also destroyed the Kuroi easily, and the only surviving aircraft was the one Kuroi the platoon commander was riding.
Gaold approached Kuroi, stroking his chin with interest, as if meeting an unknown.
Then, instead of asking for a handshake, he looked up at the purple face of the aircraft and said.
“get off. Unless you want to die.”
Perong!
As the tempered glass soared to the ceiling, the platoon leader jumped at Gaold with the piper attached.
“die!”
“No, Platoon Commander!”
Kanya shouted, but the platoon leader’s Cigna was already falling on Gaold’s head.
“Canya?”
Gaold looked back at Sirone. And as if it were separate, his fist swung quickly and hit the platoon leader’s jaw.
“Aww!”
Falling in disgrace, he rolled on the floor with eyes open.
If Gaold hadn’t canceled the press magic, his face would have disappeared from the world with this blow.
“Anyone you know, Sirone?”
Sirone doubted his eyes and looked more closely.
“Is it Kanya? You, Kanya, right?”
Kanya seemed to have finally relaxed and moved on without power.
Empty! Empty! She, who even stripped her piper in the middle, ran with her bare body and fell into the arms of her sirone.
“Sirone, Sirone! Aaaaaang!”
Everyone was bewildered when a sweet scene suddenly unfolded in the hostile relationship that had been fighting to death.
“really… … Sirone?”
Among the rebels, there is no one who does not know Sirone.
The first Nephilim to stop Ilhwa’s drinking.
The rebels were organized starting from the riots that started in Sharmaine District 73, and they honored Sirone by calling it ‘the light of District 73’.
Kanya belatedly wiped away her tears and smiled shyly.
“Sorry. I didn’t recognize him because he was wearing something strange.”
Sirone didn’t care, as anyone would have done that if they had met as enemies while hiding their identity.
“are you okay. How is Lena?”
“huh. It’s in the main unit. I will go black with joy when I see you.”
“haha! So, what about your parents?”
“Dad still corrects me.”
“… … I see.”
Sirone didn’t ask about her mother.
Even at that time, her lifespan was short, so it was possible to guess what happened after Kanya didn’t say anything.
There is no good death in the world.
However, Sirone hoped that she would leave happily, being seen off by her family.
“How long has it been since I went back?”
“Exactly 432 days.”
Kanya didn’t think long. The day Sirone stopped Ilhwa’s drinking was a monumental day for the rebels, so they didn’t even have to calculate it.
‘432 days.’
It was a time not too different from where Sirone lived.
There is no temporal error caused by the distance because the Guffin’s door distorts the space.
Even so, the reason why the time here is a little faster must be the influence of the gravitational field around the planet.
Sirone asked the most curious question.
“I heard that you are at war with Heaven, but I haven’t seen even Mara, let alone an angel, since I came here. Why is that?”
Kanya shook her head.
“We don’t know either. We fought really fiercely, no, we almost ran away, but somehow the angels started disappearing from one day. Even on the day of the full moon, when I was always on patrol.”
Sein, who had been listening while linking the mental magic, intervened with her eyes shining.
“When exactly did this change happen?”
“Um, maybe 130 days?”
130 days.
In contrast to the time zone of the original world, it was around three months or so.
It first occurred to me that it was then that I lost contact with Gaold’s bodyguards who had infiltrated heaven.
‘Surely something happened in heaven. What is it? Does it have anything to do with the maze? or not… … .’
The platoon leader looked at Kuroi with a bitter expression.
Sirone, called the light of District 73, didn’t have to fight for any reason, but the loss was too great.
“It’s a big deal. The damage to the aircraft is serious.”
Sirone approached with an apologetic expression. It was so damaged that it could not be repaired without window maintenance.
“sorry.”
“There is nothing to be sorry about. We were the ones who struck first.”
The squad leader woman, who had some responsibility for that, appealed by showing her palms with an unfair expression.
“But that man gave me a grotesque vision first. If you see it, you will understand, but anyone would have recognized it as an enemy.”
Flew took a beating.
“Before that, you aimed at the arc first, didn’t you?”
“Before that, that man started a fight first.”
“You misunderstood first before you started a fight.”
The woman could not stand it and cried out.
“Then how can you not misunderstand when you look like that! You approached me as if you were going to hit me!”
A moment of silence followed.
In the end, when the opinion that Gaold’s face was a sin came out, the platoon commander didn’t want to argue anymore.
“it’s okay. Stop that and quickly collect the aircraft and join the main unit. The main unit is also not in a relaxed situation right now.”
Sein asked.
“Where is the main unit?”
“Plains of the Dead. We are currently carrying out an operation to wipe out the giants.”
The platoon commander walked to his Kuroi.
“This is the only equipment that can be put in immediately. For now, I will lead, so follow me… … huh?”
Gaold stood behind the platoon leader.
When the platoon commander, with one foot on the aircraft, looked at him in disbelief, Gaold pointed to the side with his chin.
“Move. I will ride.”
“What are you talking about? Are you riding this?”
Kang Nan sighed and approached.
“Why the hell do you want to ride that? It’s linked to Piper anyway, so it won’t move even if you just ride it.”
Gaold’s solution was simple.
“Give me Piper, then.”
Kang Nan looked back at Se-in.
It was an official question to the team’s order, whether it was okay to leave this human alone.
Sein nodded.
Heaven is destroyed by Sirone, but Gaold must be in charge of the angels. He was the only one who could buy time against a bunch of angels, so he had better leave it to him when it came to fighting.
“For now, let them do whatever they want.”
5 minutes after that.
Chunk! Chunk!
Garold, equipped with a piper, boarded the Kuroi.
The platoon leader, deprived of everything, was just looking at the distant mountains.
Sirone looked at her anxiously and asked Fleur.
“Can I really do this? At best, the atmosphere was relaxed, but the stealing of equipment was a bit… … .”
“What are you thinking? Aren’t you the kind of person who would stop working just because you’re interested?”
Sirone shut his mouth.
Flew also felt remorse and eventually changed his mind.
“Actually, I don’t even know. But everyone here is the president of the association, so they followed us all the way here. I just trust the president of the association.”
Gaold connected Piper to the Synchro Machine.
As I closed my arms inside, Kuroi made the same motion.
“Are you feeling okay?”
Since there was no tempered glass, Gaold moved the tank while checking the scenery with his eyes.
“Hmm, how about this?”
When the drive joint on the waist was turned all the way, Kuroi’s waist began to spin like a top.
“Quack. Gangnan, look at this.”
When Gaold jokingly attacked with Guroi’s arm, Gangnan, who easily dodged it by leaning back, exclaimed unbearably.
“Oh really! I’m afraid I’ll break it!”
These were the words of those who had already destroyed four Kuroi, so Kanya ej*culated with sincere eyes.
“Please bear with that. The Kuroi is a really valuable piece of equipment.”
“Whoa, okay. I will die of stress because of that person.”
It was only then that Gaold took a look at this and that.
It’s not comparable to Spirit Zone’s synesthesia, but Multivision provided an excellent field of view, and its firepower was powerful enough to be compared to an air gun.
“How many guns are there in the rebels?”
“That is confidential. I can’t tell you.”
Kuroi’s gun barrel pointed at the platoon leader with a click.
I couldn’t tell how much of it was a joke and how serious it was.
“It’s also confidential, but I don’t know. At most, it’s about the status of the battalion’s equipment. There’s no way a platoon commander knows the total production of the rebels.”
Gaold licked his lips and stopped the aircraft.
He jumped off Kuroi, threw off his piper, and quietly joined Sirone’s group.
Kangnan crossed his arms and glared at him.
“why? It acted like it would ride all day.”
“I get motion sickness. Worse than words.”
Gangnan gasped and snorted.
On the other hand, Gaold’s mind was getting complicated.
‘I wouldn’t even have a chin on that one. At least 2,000? No, more than that.’
It was the strength of the Kuroi unit that Gaold had calculated was needed to capture one ordinary angel.
* * *
As the sun went down, Sirone and the others left the forest.
When I arrived at the hill overlooking the Plain of the Dead, the scene of the procession of giants I saw in the morning and the 23rd Battalion of the 1st Rebel Army commanding a local battle spread all the way to the horizon.
The battalion possessed a total of 30 Kuroi.
However, because one group Kanya belonged to was sent as reinforcements, twenty-five Kuroi were currently in operation.
Divided into five groups, the Kuroi troops cooperated with the infantry to lure a handful of giants at least one kilometer away from the column and then use concentrated fire tactics.
Every time the giants collapsed in pieces, Sirone put on a terrible expression.
Giants are also human.
If the Mecca members were once subjects, they would know that fact better than anyone else, so Kanya’s face was also shaded.
“The iron rule is to eliminate giants as soon as they are discovered. When they arrive in Jotunheim and achieve unity of mind, they will be able to use the power of giants.”
The platoon commander said it like an excuse, but it wasn’t wrong.
If the 8 egos are overlapped, the schematic of the schema becomes powerful enough to be comparable to an excellent swordsman. By that time, he would not have been able to cope with the strength of a single battalion.
After entering the plains, the group quickly returned to their main unit.
Seeing the party with only one Guroi, the company commander looked at him in disbelief at first, and then suddenly lost his temper.
“What happened! It was Kergoin! I sent five planes to deal with it quickly. I think I sent it to do it this way!”
“sorry.”
The platoon commander repeated the same words.
Anyway, since he was in charge of the platoon, he had nothing to say even if he had 10 mouths.
But Kanya was different.
sirone is back It also brought a much stronger ally than last time.
This was a good news that could not be compared with the loss of tanks.
“Squadron commander! I have a report for you!”
“What are you! I can’t see you’re looking for a platoon commander! Are you ignoring the chain of command!”
Kuroi Pilot is an infantry squad leader, but reporting directly in front of the platoon leader was a huge disrespect.
But Kanya couldn’t wait.
It was an issue that the chief executive must know about now that the giant’s invasion line was being narrowed through the sound.
“The light of Area 73!”
“what? What nonsense are you talking about?”
Kanya burst into a tantrum and shouted.
“Sirone is here!”
—————————————

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-418.txt
=============YYYYY=============
[418] Second Purgatory (5)
Sirone’s party passed through the battlefield where bullets rained down on them and headed to the command headquarters barracks where the battalion commander was located.
Even if it was the command center, it was right in front of the battlefield, so I couldn’t understand the words without shouting.
It was only after entering the barracks that the noise subsided to some extent.
The company commander, who had already finished his report, was resting in the corner, and Kanya was accompanying him for a smooth conversation from Sirone’s side.
The battalion commander did not take his eyes off the strategic map even after Sirone and his party entered.
“I heard about it.”
He was a cold-looking man with gray hair brushed back, and a thick mustache that looked stubborn.
“Are you a Nephilim?”
Sirone did not deny it.
Regardless of the fact, it seemed that this would be more effective to use the rebels.
The battalion commander seemed uninterested and moved on to the next question.
“I will ask straight forward. Why did you come back?”
Sirone did not understand the question.
“You are like a myth to the rebels. But myths are the most beautiful when they are myths. Some members of the crew consider you an irresponsible fugitive. Why did you, who had already left the battlefield, come here again?”
Sirone had a hunch that one of the people who thought he was a fugitive was the battalion commander.
“There is no great reason. As was the case before, as a single mage, I will fight with all my convictions.”
“Believe… … .”
The battalion commander walked through the window tent and surveyed the battlefield.
“The light you cast on District 73 is now the sun of the 70,000 rebels. I don’t want to put out that light. If you came only because of your beliefs, I’d like to pretend that we never met.”
Sirone realized that the battalion commander would not budge.
What was contained in his cold eyes was not fighting spirit, but only the evil sense of mission that he had chosen the wrong path from the beginning.
“Even if it is a small conviction, the purpose may be the same. I’d like to speak directly with the Commander. Please let me go to the rebel headquarters.”
“refuse.”
There was an unconcealable hostility in the battalion commander’s eyes.
“Okay, let me be honest. The war has already been lost. No, it came to the brink of defeat. If it weren’t for the situation where Heaven’s offensive suddenly stopped, the war would have already ended. It was such an overwhelming gap. Countless crew members lost their lives. The card left to us is negotiations with Heaven. If you’re going to start and put out the fire again, the light in Area 73 will only get in the way.”
“But after all, the war is going on. And Heaven is currently not moving. This could be an opportunity. If you can figure out exactly what the situation is, you have a good chance.”
“Hey, the light of Area 73.”
The battalion commander pressed his face.
“Don’t judge the Mecca with a Norse mindset. It was a rebellion started by the Norse from the beginning. But now? It is only us Mecha people who die. Why did Heaven stop fighting? Who can figure it out?”
“I can figure it out.”
The battalion commander kept his mouth shut. My teeth gnashed in my closed mouth.
“Listen up, sweetheart. Do you think I don’t know what you’re up to? no, i don’t know the truth But I already know that you intend to use us no matter what. People call you Shinhwa, but to me you’re just a seed of disaster. At most, a myth without the ability to defeat a fairy manager. Do you know how fiercely we fought while you were out? On the subject of running away at the most intense time, what and how are you going to change now?”
“I will meet Ikael.”
“pooh… … .”
Wind leaked out of the battalion commander’s mouth.
“Puhahahaha! Fuhahahaha!”
It was really embarrassing.
Archangel Ichael. Meet the person who is located at the top of the heavenly law?
If it had been that easy, hundreds of thousands of his subjects would not have died.
“Now I know for sure. you are not a myth He is a slayer who seduces countless subjects with his three tongues and drives them to death. Company commander! Arrest this guy! Never tell the soldiers.”
Just as the company commander had no choice but to follow orders, the tent in the barracks was pulled down and an adjutant rushed in.
“Captain! This is an emergency. The giants are breaking through the last line of defense.”
“what? why the hell What stupid bastard lured the giant here? Why?”
“It is not confirmed. Since the Kuroi 3 team lost contact, the defense line has been cut off… … .”
The battalion commander hit the tactics table.
“Damn it. Why?”
It is rare for a variable to occur in a giant elimination operation. This is because the reactions of giants without identity are all the same.
But now the last line of deterrence has been breached.
He doesn’t know where the law came from, but he could only think of one thing as he lived today, which was no different from yesterday.
The battalion commander grabbed Sirone by the collar.
“Did you see it? After all, you are the cause of everything. You destroyed Kuroi, leaving a tactical hole in the end. Now I plan to annihilate even our battalion!”
Kanya shouted with readiness to die.
“Commander! That’s a guess! Sirone… … !”
“shut up! Does a pilot who couldn’t even protect his equipment have anything to say in this situation?”
the adjutant pressed.
“Captain! Please give me instructions! If we leave it as it is, we won’t be able to survive for even 30 minutes and will be annihilated!”
The battalion commander mounted a piper hanging on the wall. After putting the Ark in his pocket, he took Cigna and Xd, and as he left the barracks, he glared at Sirone.
“Get out of here quickly. Because I don’t want to see you.”
Kanya shouted.
“Captain! They will also help with power!”
“Did you not hear me? Sirone is the main culprit who changed the giant’s law! Our job now is to fight the enemy, not hide behind those fugitives!”
When the battalion commander left, Kanya had no choice but to follow.
As a soldier, she couldn’t just watch her comrades die.
“Sirone, I’m sorry.”
As she left the barracks, she smiled sadly.
“But it was nice to meet you.”
She didn’t know that it was her own goodbye.
But still, Sirone had not let go of the string of hope.
‘A change of law. They said that the law could be changed by the expression of the will. maybe really… … .’
Gangnan said.
“The situation is worse than expected. Can you really move the rebels like this?”
Sein said.
“There are still many cards to present. Same with Tagis. The problem is command. When I hear about the military community, it seems that the location is being covered up, but if that’s the case, there’s a high chance that you won’t get information from the mainland. I have to do something now.”
Zulu said.
“I think the change in the Law of the Giants is important. I don’t understand why giants, whose only law is to go to Jotunheim, are taking collective action. Can anyone provide an answer to this?”
There was no one.
In Heaven, where the Akashic Records materialize and exist, the law is an artificial system, but in the world where Sirone and the others live, it is simply the principle of the universe.
Just as the flapping of a butterfly’s wings can cause a storm, it was unreasonable to question where the law was changed, since all minor variables are involved.
Gaold suggested his own method.
“First, wipe out all the giants. If you save my life, won’t you let me meet the commander or whatever?”
Sirone raised her hand.
“Leave that to me.”
“no. It’s too dangerous. You have a special mission. Do not think that your life is entirely yours.”
“no. I guess it’s a matter of the law.”
Sein asked.
“Do you have any guesses?”
“yes. But please think of it as an experiment rather than a guess. There are things I must check in heaven.”
* * *
“All attack! Never back down!”
The seven giants grabbed one Kuroi and threw it on the ground, then started stepping on it with small steps.
The c*ckpit is destroyed, and the terrified pilot screams. But in the end, even that cut off after a second.
“Shit! Aaaaaaa!”
The battalion commander who arrived late shot the arc in succession. It was a barrage without aiming or anything.
Still, the giant was right.
Even so, the fact that he was unmoved made the battalion commander miserable.
“Damn it! damn it!”
From the beginning, it was not something that humans could handle.
What is the sake of anecdote? What does it mean to have a fixed lifespan?
Because of the sin against God, man lost the way to eternal life. And now the species was facing extinction.
“Aaaaaaa!”
When the battalion commander slammed the giant’s leg down with the cigna, the giant slowly turned his head, feeling the pain.
The moment I saw the dilated pupil, I got goosebumps.
“Heresy… … Punish it.”
My legs trembled and I couldn’t stand the moaning that leaked through my teeth.
“Huh. Ughhhh.”
As the giant approached, the battalion commander’s face turned into a tearful look.
He had seen countless deaths, but his own death was something new that could not be compared to anything else.
“Heresy… … Punish it.”
“Oh, no. I am heresy… … .”
As the giant’s fist slammed down, the battalion commander let out an inaudible scream and closed his eyes tightly.
kurrrrr… … .
When I slowly opened my eyes to the sound of scratching my neck in a very low voice, a beast I had never seen before stood like a black barrier.
It had silky, black-colored fur, a slim body like a leopard, six legs, a flat face, and protruding canine teeth over a meter long. There were cracks in the ground because of curling up the claws while receiving the giant’s fist.
“What, what is this?”
“What is it? Tier 3 monster cougar.”
Before I knew it, Gaold and the others had arrived.
Zulu took the lead and flicked a finger, and the cougar said, “Gyareung?” I turned around and made a cute noise that didn’t suit his size.
“Go and play.”
Aaaaaaang!
As the cougar kicked off the ground and took flight, the field of view opened wide as if a black curtain had been lifted.
Every time the beast’s claws swung, the giant’s body was cut off.
In terms of athletic ability alone, it was the strength of the Cougar, which is considered the strongest in Tier 3.
The battalion commander, who had been looking at the battlefield as if possessed, slowly turned his head.
“Who are you?”
Gaold pursed his lips and said.
“It is human. Same as you.”
* * *
“Lena! Lena!”
“sister!”
Kanya hugged Lena, who was fighting among the giants, and threw herself.
The sole of the giant’s foot slammed down on the spot where the two were standing, and the body trembled as if it had landed on a rubber sheet.
Lena was terrified by the law, which she had never experienced before. Then, seeing that her kanya was her bare body, he groped her.
“sister! Are you hurt anywhere? What about Kuroi?”
Tears welled up in Kanya before she could even speak.
poor little sister She was born into this world and never did anything good, and it was sad that she had to leave like this.
Lena smiled as if she had sensed something.
“Sister, I am fine.”
Kanya rubbed her cheek against Lena’s cheek.
She’s a smart little sister, so there’s no way she wouldn’t know. Because there were already corpses of comrades everywhere.
The last thing to say has already been decided.
I wanted to say these words before I died, because I was the sister I had been waiting for just as much as she was.
“Lena, Sirone… … .”
“Sirone brother?”
As Lena looked up at the sky and said, Kanya’s eyes shook in shock as she raised her head after her sister.
Sirone spread her golden wings and was flying in the sky.
‘Is this a war in heaven?’
The view of the battlefield from the sky was devastating.
Giants slaughtering humans seemed no different from humans slaughtering ants.
‘But I can finish it. If this works… … .’
Sirone cast Shining Impact. The brightness equal to sunlight blinded everyone.
It was a dark time, so the effect was even greater.
“Gaaaaa!”
“shit! What is it all of a sudden!”
After a while, people regained their sight.
The fear of being blind even to the giant was considerable, so he suddenly turned more frenzied and started screaming.
At that moment, something flashed in the sky, and colorful lights spread across the night sky.
Giants and humans alike raised their heads as rainbow-colored stains fluttered across the plain as the darkness approached.
“I-that… … .”
Sirone, who completed a huge ataraxia above her head, was looking down at everyone with her wings flapping.
The Meccans were stunned.
Now, Sirone’s appearance was exactly the same as the existence that the subjects feared.
“Ughhhh. uhhhhh.”
Hundreds of giants shook the ground, bent their knees, opened their mouths like idiots, and started crying.
Giants also exist in the law.
Ikael’s magic circle had a strong presence in its instincts even when it lost its identity.
“The law… … Coordinator… … .”
As if they thought kneeling was not enough, the giants lowered their bodies with their foreheads on the ground.
The human figure was finally revealed.
However, they also looked back at each other for a moment, then raised their eyes to the sky again.
“The Nephilim… … .”
A word I had forgotten in my head sprang out of the mouths of heretics.
“Sister, Sirone’s brother is here.”
In Kanya’s arms, Lena burst into tears.
Even if someone cursed at her for being a fugitive, even if she regretted being deceived by him and disobeying God, she never doubted Sirone, and this was a miracle for her.
“Yes, Lena. Sirone… … He must have really been a descendant of an angel.”
Sirone returned with golden wings that were more beautiful than those of angels, and a colorful halo, the symbol of an archangel, floated above her head.
From the light of Area 73, to be the light of Heaven.
“Nephilim. Nephilim.”
“O adjuster of the law… … .”
Everyone was kneeling at Sirone’s feet.
—————————————

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-419.txt
=============YYYYY=============
[419] In Heaven (1)
Heaven’s sixth thousand jebul. world war.
There is an angel with a face as transparent and beautiful as light.
The pinnacle of intelligence born with a slender body of 2 meters and 30 centimeters and knowing all the principles of the world.
Among the numerous angels, there are only eight archangels, and Kariel, the angel of birth, boasts the most outstanding beauty among them.
But now his face was as drawn as that of a diseased human being.
His eyes were sunken and his expression was nervous.
The benevolent and clear facial lines overflowing with intelligence have often been distorted in recent years.
In fact, he was in a state as if he were sick.
If an angel’s power comes from a clear concept, his current sharpness is only 10% of his usual sharpness.
All of this was the result of the labor he endured to bring one human.
“Kariel, are you really okay?”
Uriel, the angel of destruction, looked at Kariel, whose presence had faded, with concern.
Standing 3 meters tall, the tallest of the archangels, with a solid body and a breastplate thick enough to reach the tip of the chin, a golden halo was rotating as if angry.
“I can still hold on. have to endure Because this is just the beginning.”
In human terms, the amount of fatigue Kariel felt was equivalent to not sleeping for 40 years.
If any creature was hit by this level of fatigue, all of its cells would have already dried up.
But his eyes were still burning with emotion.
Uriel turned his head to where Kariel was looking.
Beneath the galactic mirror that controls the operation of the world, a beautiful woman by human standards was sitting cross-legged.
Adrias Miro.
Could there be a more heinous notion of a heavenly being?
It is the last bastion of humanity that prevents even the incarnation of the Akashic Records, Ankera, from conquering the universe by setting up an impenetrable barrier.
However, even she was defeated by Kariel’s persistence.
“You did it in the end.”
Right before the rebels were annihilated, Anke Ra, who abruptly canceled the war, banned all investigations into humans.
All the angels obeyed the message, but only Kariel did not give up and steadily proceeded with the plan to destroy humans.
What he obtained in this way was the ‘body’ of the maze right in front of him.
“How did you do it? Didn’t I tell you that the labyrinth’s space-time is indestructible?”
A small smile appeared on Kariel’s tired face.
“When I attacked the space-time of the labyrinth with a cloth bomb, Optrus passed through the rift. There was information about the labyrinth’s time-space embedded in its electromagnetic patterns. I analyzed it.”
“But the time-space of the labyrinth immediately healed. Couldn’t you have broken through her dimensional barrier and brought her back?”
“The dimensional barrier is, in fact, insubstantial. The reason why the army of heaven cannot go to the country of the earth is because the protocol is different from this place. It is an independent world without even quantum entanglement.”
Uriel did not try to understand.
Those born for destruction were not obligated to understand what was being destroyed.
“so?”
“I deciphered the protocol with the information I got from Optrus. Then, through quantum superposition, the labyrinth was transported to the Great World War.”
“Hmm, so?”
Kariel realized that Uriel did not understand.
“Simply put, you put your hand in the barrel and pulled until you got the item you wanted. It is no exaggeration to say that the barrel is the size of the entire universe.”
Uriel realized why Kariel was weak.
“So you searched the universe and kidnapped it.”
“what… … That’s right.”
Kariel decided to just move on.
“Hmm.”
Uriel looked at Miro’s face, who was in a state of immersion.
Right before the final war broke out, he had the same youthful face as he had opened the dimensional wall against Heaven’s army alone.
“The human spirit, in a sense, is formidable.”
Currently, her mind, which forms the space-time of the labyrinth, is endlessly being sucked into the dimension of cowardice.
It was a mental state and concept that was incomprehensible to an angel who had everything perfect from birth.
“Hmph, that is the proof of an imperfect existence. Don’t be sentimental about insignificant humans.”
Uriel did not answer.
For him, it is enough to destroy the incomprehensible.
But will Kariel do the same?
Birth is a concept established under the premise that everything is understood.
The fact that Kariel, who handles the art of life, cannot understand humans is perhaps the biggest contradiction in this universe.
“Human beings are very strange creatures. Even now, isn’t one human being blocking all of Heaven’s power?”
Kariel’s expression crumpled.
human. human.
I couldn’t figure out why everyone, starting with Ankera, applied different standards only to humans.
“Nothing like that. I will destroy it.”
Uriel turned around. He didn’t want to offend the twin angels who were born on the same day with different concepts.
“Okay, what are we going to do now? Even if you kill the maze, the maze’s space-time does not disappear. Why did you bring her while torturing her mind to the brink of extinction?”
“Hmph, of course it’s to destroy the labyrinth’s space-time. I’m going to pull the maze out of the fear dimension. If you kill him after coming to his senses, the space-time of the maze will disappear.”
It was the right way, no, the only way.
“But we cannot understand human imperfection. I don’t think there is anyone among the subjects who can understand Miro’s spirit. Because the Nephilim disappeared after the erasure of the Guffin.”
“It is not in heaven, but it is in the kingdom of earth.”
Uriel tilted his head.
Of course, in the kingdom of the earth, there are those who spontaneously awaken as Nephilim.
However, since the space-time of the maze was blocking it, it was impossible to bring someone from there.
“Are you going to search the entire universe again? Then it may completely disappear.”
“You don’t have to. I don’t even have the strength left.”
Kariel flew up to the pillar-shaped central system and accessed the Akashic Records.
Yuriel, who flew after her, looked at the screen from behind Kariel.
“I was looking through the Akashic Records and found something interesting.”
As Kariel stepped aside, a human’s name appeared on the screen.
While reading the explanation below, Yuriel nodded.
“Certainly, interesting.”
Coincidentally, he was the one who understood the human spirit the best.
No, it was right to see it changed to its current state because it understands the human mind the best.
“I will summon Lee to the Great World War.”
When Kariel opened her hand, a celestial body flashed and a code of laws was born on the palm.
The law code containing the principles of the universe was a high-strength metal hard cover, and the pages made of light began to turn.
As the central computing system was fully operational, bluish electricity flowed along the floor like waves and gathered in the arched mechanism.
Uriel looked at that scene for a while, then turned his head back to the screen of the central processing unit.
‘It’s a grave robber… … .’
The name of someone who only existed as a concept was blinking.
Morrigan Arius
* * *
Rebel 1st Command.
Sirone’s party received enthusiastic cheers from the rebels.
The heroic story of Sirone, who subjugated hundreds of giants with the power of an archangel, quickly spread through drones, and has already become a new myth of the rebels.
In the midst of the huge white noise, Sirone’s face was saddened.
It was strange that the number 1 was attached to the headquarters, but the size of the rebel base, which was much larger than expected, dispelled any doubts.
Dozens of buildings presumed to be munitions warehouses surrounded the site, and a huge building over 30 meters in height stood tall in the forest.
‘It’s amazing power. If they move… … .’
Gaold thought differently.
‘Not even the seeds will be eaten.’
Of course, the power of the headquarters was formidable.
However, there was no doubt in the words of the battalion commander that they were on the brink of annihilation.
It’s not a matter of power asymmetry.
From the beginning, beings in heaven were something different from humans.
If thousands of ants bite humans, they will die, but just as humans would not be treated like that in the first place, so were the angels.
“uh? there is sirone Hey Sirone! It’s me, me!”
A familiar face popped out of the middle of the procession.
It was Clove and Gadlock who guided Sirone and her friends to Nord’s shelter a year ago in Heaven.
The memory of Clove’s ignoring Amy still lingers, but it was nice to find a familiar face in a moment like this.
But Sirone couldn’t bear to go there. It was because the huge crowd of people who had heard Clove’s words were all about to jump out.
“Wow! It was real! The real Sirone is here!”
Clove and Gardlock were buried in the crowd and were not even visible.
It was a phenomenon that occurred because very few people outside of District 73 knew Sirone’s face.
Sirone widened the distance with a cold expression.
It was a situation where people could get hurt if they got closer.
Watching Sirone walk away, Clove teared her hair and spat out words of lamentation.
“Oh, I never thought that kid would become such an important person. If she had known it would be like this, she would have gotten to know her in advance.”
Gadlock thumped the disciple’s head.
“Is that a problem now? It’s a decision whether or not to be annihilated by the angels.”
Clove said with a sad expression.
“But Master said so too, when Sirone comes, we will be treated well here too.”
Gadlock was speechless.
sirone is back And that too at the perfect timing.
The suspension of Heaven’s attack was certainly a boon to the rebels, but that alone could not bridge the gap between Mecca and the Norse, which had deepened as they lost a series of battles.
The headquarters, which failed to reach a consensus, was finally separated into the 1st and 2nd headquarters, and there was no battle, but the defeat was already deep.
At the point where everyone was waiting for self-destruction, the light of Area 73 began to shine on them again.
‘Why now? Did he come back knowing?’
A series of events connected by an invisible link made it impossible to dismiss Sirone’s return as a mere miracle.
“Hehe, it’s so nice to walk with you like this.”
Meanwhile, Lena, who was holding Sirone’s arm, didn’t leave her side for a moment as she went to the command center.
Then Fleur, who was watching the back of Sirone with her back stiff, clicked her tongue and said.
“What is that doing? Did you come to heaven to fall in love?”
Gaold didn’t care.
“Hey, leave it alone. Something like that will help the parade.”
A miracle called Sirone came to the rebels who were on the brink of annihilation, so it would have been okay to put in a little production.
However, Kanya was embarrassed by her sister’s rudeness.
Unbearable, she approached Lena and whispered in her ear.
“What are you doing? come off quickly Don’t you know what Sirone means to the rebels? What if people misunderstand?”
“What misunderstanding? Sirone oppa and we aren’t even close. We met for the first time in a year, can’t you even cross your arms?”
Lena turned to Sirone and said.
“Brother and sister, please have them cross their arms next to you.”
Sirone couldn’t find words to answer.
My heart is beating even now, but how could I go on the road with two women on my arms?
Kanya’s face turned red like a blush.
“You, what do you mean by that? Why am I arm in arm with Sirone?”
“Oh, yes. My sister is too weak for this. We have to look like we’re close with Sirone brother so we can work at headquarters. My sister’s Kuroi was also damaged. I have to get a new Kuroi here to become a pilot again.”
Kanya drank honey and became mute.
Although he is young, he thinks of his younger brother more carefully.
No, should I call it clever in this case?
Sirone reassured her.
“Canya, don’t worry too much. Because I destroyed Kuroi. I’ll be sure to tell you when I see the Commander.”
Smiling at Sirone, Kanya opened her eyes again and looked back at Lena.
‘Aww, that fox… … .’
Rena wrapped her arms around Sirone, whether or not she knew her sister’s feelings, and only smiled happily.
—————————————

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-42.txt
=============YYYYY=============
[Translator – Anwen]
Chapter 42
Shirone was speechless. Nade gave a sheepish smile and explained the situation.
“Sorry. Actually, our research group has a bit of notoriety. It’s a bit difficult to reveal our members.”
Now Shirone understood why Yiruki was close to Nade, but aside from that, his confusion stemmed from the fact that Yiruki was in the Supernatural Psychic Science.
Considering that Yiruki followed and praised logic, him being in an unscientific group was extremely surprising for Shirone.
“You mean Yiruki is interested in stuff like this?”
Nade shook his head.
“No, it’s actually the opposite. He’s approaching it from the opposite side. He believes that there’s nothing illogical in this world. So what better group could there be to join than this one?”
Even amidst Nade’s and Shirone’s conversation, Yiurki murmured something as if he hadn’t noticed anything.
Then after looking Nade’s way, he noticed Shirone. His face brightened.
“Shirone!”
He approached without even giving Shirone time to say hello and shook his shoulders.
“You came just in time. I just came up with something great! That great thing is… Splitting the smallest matter! You might think how splitting the smallest is possible. That’s exactly what I’m saying. If you split the smallest matter, it’s no longer a substance! So then, what the hell is it? I’ve been doing the math for three days, and to my surprise, my god! It contains tremendous energy! What if this whole thing is possible? Hm? What do you think will happen? Quickly, tell me.”
Yiruki spoke so fast Shirone couldn’t clearly understand, but seeing as how Yiruki’s eyes were burning with passion, he felt like he had to say something.
“U-Um, well? The energy will be released?”
“An enormous explosion! An unimaginable explosion! An explosion that can blow up an entire city! Can you imagine it? Huh? If it’s you, you might be able to imagine it!”
Shirone was dumbfounded.
Please enable JavaScript
Of course, he could imagine, but it was terrifying to even think about.
“If that happens, a lot of people will die.”
“What do you mean? I’m telling you, it’s an explosion! An explosion! The city will be completely blown away!”
“That’s what I’m saying! What will happen to the people living in the city if an explosion of that magnitude were to occur?”
“Huh? The people living there?”
Yiruki tilted his head, unable to understand what Shirone was saying. Shirone finally realized something and asked again.
“You… You’ve never thought about that, have you?”
“Of course not. What’s of importance is how big the explosion can be. Do I have to bother thinking about things like that?”
Shirone got goosebumps.
“How could you? Does it make sense that a mage doesn’t even consider the ramifications of his magic?”
“You talk foolishly, Shirone. Leave those things for anthropologists to ponder over. It is the duty of a genius to breakthrough. It’s not that other mages don’t do it even though they can. It’s simply because they can’t. The genius-ness given to us only exists so that we do something with it.”
“Genius or not, I don’t care! I’d rather be a fool than be a genius who chooses to harm people.”
Yiruki did not back down either.
“Handful geniuses lead the majority that are fools. History proves it. It’s also the unwanted reality in which we belong, Shirone, you should know how much I hate rubbing idealism in someone’s face.”
“No, your logic is derived from defeatism, not reality. Ideals can come true.”
“An ideal is only that. Something that we WISH could be.”
Considering how heated their debate had gotten, Nade finally decided to break them apart.
“Now, now, stop it. Discussions and debates are all good, but emotional fights are a no-no. Let’s sit down and talk calmly.”
“No, I have nothing to say. Nade, I’m leaving.”
Shirone opened the door and left.
Seeing the benignant Shirone leave so coldly meant he was really angry.
“H-Hey Shirone, wait up! How are you going to find your way out alone?”
“Leave him. It’s not like the structure has changed. He should have at least memorized the way to get here. If he can’t even do that, then he’s really stupid.”
By the time Nade opened the door and left the room, Shirone was already walking out of the building.
Returning back to their hideout, Nade frowned and asked.
“Why did you do that? You could have said it in a more acceptable way.”
“I don’t know why I did that either. I’ll admit, I was a little aggressive. After all, he is my rival.”
“Whaaat?”
It was extremely rare for the word ‘rival’ to leave Yiruki’s mouth. Not because he was arrogant, but more so because Nade knew his friend wasn’t interested in competition.
‘It’s not just a competition to him.’
Relationship with the opposite sex, wealth, fame. Nothing could move him.
The only thing Yiruki was crazy about was the mathematical expression he considered the most beautiful in the world.
“Shirone is your rival? Are you serious about that?”
Yiruki smirked and sat down on the sofa, causing a cloud of dust to fume into the air.
“Shirone’s early promotion exam. Did you see it?”
“I saw it. That’s why he’s our classmate.”
“Do you know how fast a person who first learned teleportation must think to pass level 10? And the Dragon’s Labyrinth at that?”
While Nade kept quiet, Yiruki tapped his head.
“It’s impossible without an enormous division of time. According to my calculations, Shirone must have made his decisions in a ten-thousandth of a second.”
“A ten-thousandth of a second…”
As Nade tried to imagine that, Yiruki let out a shrill laugh and cackled.
“That’s the mystery of insight. Faster than effort while also being more accurate than knowledge. Any conscious calculations will be slower than intuition. But, say, Nade.”
Yiruki’s eyes gleamed.
“What if it was me?”
Shirone’s insight versus Yiruki’s calculation speed, the question was which of the two would be faster.
The question remained unanswered.
Like a showdown between different species of animals from different myths, Nade’s blood rushed just thinking about it.
[Translator – Anwen]
After being called out by Siena, Shirone followed her into the teacher’s lounge.
She spoke as she set down the teacup.
“Now, since I was treated last time, it’s my turn this time.”
“Haha, thank you.”
‘He seems to be faring much better than when he was in Class 7.’
She heard that Shirone had grown a bit bolder and even joked around with his classmates.
“Why did you call me over?”
“I saw your report card and noticed that you’ve been consistently growing. I’m particularly happy that the subject I teach, chemistry, is your highest grade.”
“Hehe. It’s still only by one point.”
Come and read on our website wuxia worldsite. Thanks
In Siena’s point of view, that single point was enough to build up her pride.
‘Honestly, I didn’t expect him to last this long.’
No matter how much of a genius one was, once one reached a certain point, their talents and weaknesses in certain fields would show.
However, Shirone maintained an average of 45 points for all subjects.
‘That means Shirone’s limits are higher than I expected.’
Siena, who came to a conclusion, said.
“If you continue like this, you’ll be able to make it to the upper-middle ranks starting next month. The academy will also start paying attention to your way of studying.”
“Ah, I wasn’t trying to attract attention to myself.”
“Of course, I know. That’s why I called you, to make a proposal.”
“A proposal…?”
“Did you know that there is a practical evaluation every two months? After looking into it, there is a targeting exam at the end of this month. Do you know what that is?”
“Yes, I saw it while Amy was still in Class 4. It’s a test where you hit a target within a certain amount of time. Amy in particular was very fast because she’s a target type. It was amazing.”
Shirone’s eyes were shining.
Siena felt that his strong suit was that he was unconcerned with superiority and inferiority.
“That’s right. Amy seems to have adjusted well to the Advanced class. You must be sad to be separated from your girlfriend.”
The Advanced class and the Intermediate class were far apart, and they also had different curricula, so there were nearly no opportunities to meet.
They could go on a date on the weekends, but they weren’t actually dating, and Shirone didn’t want to disturb her either.
“It’s enough that I know she’s working hard. I have to support her as her boyfriend.
Siena smiled
At first, she was concerned, but if their relationship stayed like this, she would rather encourage it.
“It’s rare to see a couple like you guys. Alrighty, let’s get down to business. The reason I called you today is because of the practical evaluation. Besides teleportation, have you learned any other magic?”
“No. As you can see from my grades, I haven’t met the standard yet… Oh! That’s right!”
Shirone realized belatedly.
‘I have to use active magic during the practical evaluation.’
There was no need to insist on attack magic, but the only magic that Shirone could use was teleportation, which was a passive magic. Passive magics were magics that affected the caster.
On the other hand, active magics were magics that affected the world itself. There were various types, such as Fire, Windcutter, Healing, Ice Sword, Lightning Bold, and Atomic Bomb.
“What should I do? I have to know at least one active magic to be able to attack the targets, but I totally forgot about learning one because I was busy studying.”
“Nothing to worry about. Since you’ve mastered the Rainbow Drop, a simple active magic should be nothing.”
“But my average theory grade is 45 points. You said that the minimum in order to cast active magic is 60.”
“Usually, it is. But you have something going for you… Your knowledge that nearly reaches 100 points.”
“Yes?”
Shirone blinked once and shouted.
“AH! The Photonization theory!”
“That’s right. There are also several different types of photons. Since you’ve studied enough theory, you’ll be able to apply that.”
“Right! Thank you, Ms. Siena.”
“As your supervising instructor, it’s something I have to do. If you face any difficulties in the future, consult me anytime.”
“Okay, then I’ll consult you right now. What kind of active magic can I develop from the photonization theory?”
Siena smiled at the key question.
“Have you ever heard of photon output?”
“I read it in a book. Is it the shooting of photons outward?”
It was a phenomenon called ‘photon emission.’
Of course, due to the nature of photons, shooting them outwards didn’t mean something special would occur.
If one were lost in the mountains, it would be easier to cast lighting magic to light up the surroundings than to light the surroundings through photon emission.
Even the theory of photonization, which was called the great discovery, varied in efficiency depending on how it was used.
Shirone asked.
“I can take the test itself, but is it really efficient to study for it? Wouldn’t it be a waste of time?”
Siena’s thoughts were different.
“In terms of the present, yes. However in the advanced magic society, for example, in the Ivory Tower, some view photon output as the future of mankind.”
Shirone listened carefully.
“It is often overlooked, but the really important thing is that there is no matter faster than light. Besides, collimation is easy to control. It is viewed that way because, due to the way photons work, it can lead to innovations in the field of information and communication in the future.”
“Ah, I see.”
“The future of photon output is bright. It wouldn’t be a bad idea to master it in advance.”
Shirone nodded.
“Yes. It’s fine as long as I don’t waste any time. As you said, I will start practicing today.”
In any case, the only magic he could learn immediately for the exam was photon emission.
After the consultation, Shirone headed to the training grounds.
There was not much time left until the practical evaluation, so he was on a tight schedule.
“Alright, let’s do this!”
Shirone held out his hand and focused.
‘Magical action.’
Magical action referred to a mage taking a special action or posture to strengthen his omnipotence.
‘Here goes!’
…No light shot out.
‘Darn!’
While his omniscience was perfect, he couldn’t reach the omnipotence required for photon emission.
‘Teleportation was easy though…’
Shirone was more inclined towards defensive and passive magics rather than offensive magics, which was what photon output was mainly used for.
‘Switching to an offensive type means I have to give up a lot of Spirit Zone area. Even so…’
‘Does that mean I can’t cast photon output in its entirety?’
‘No way. Even students with a smaller Spirit Zone than me can use simple active magic.’
Suddenly, Ethella’s words regarding Spirit Zone strengthening came to Shirone’s mind.
‘There must be a special method. What could it be?’
Shirone, who was thinking hard, noticed an inconsistency.
‘Spirit Zone is the most sensitive state of mind. How can I strengthen it?’
On his first day, questions mounted high in heaps.

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-420.txt
=============YYYYY=============
[420] In Heaven (2)
When I entered the command center building and the iron door closed, the cheers outside were blocked as if I had woken up from a dream.
The lights on the ceiling of the corridor were kept to a minimum brightness, and soldiers stood guard at precise intervals along the way.
Armed with the 1st level of the Mecha combat system, they never looked back at Sirone’s party. However, the intensity of his gaze was terrifying enough to pierce through a wall.
‘They are all elite soldiers.’
The Mechas do not have superhuman bodies or magical abilities, but they have technical skills to compensate for both.
Since war is all about winning anyway, it was better not to think that their own power would be weak just because they were weak.
The colonel guided Sirone and the others to the underground bunker.
The bunker’s security system was in no way inferior to the association’s technology, and when the iron door was opened, numerous mechanical devices were operating.
While the technicians were busy moving their hands while watching the monitors, a man in a commander’s cape watched their work with his hands behind his back.
“Commander, Sirone has been brought to you.”
At the colonel’s words, the commander turned around.
It was a man in his late 20s with a long scar running down the side of his ear from his temple.
Her thin lips were stubbornly closed, and the eyes behind her glasses showed coolness and passion.
Crude, the first commander of the rebels.
As Kanya had told me, he was a young man.
Age doesn’t matter much in a war, especially if it’s a battle with a lot of defeat.
What the soldiers wanted was a commander who had the courage to rush towards death first and the tactical skills to save as many people as possible.
Crude was a man who met exactly that condition.
He is a genius pilot who knows everything about the maintenance, driving, and operation of the Titan belonging to the 3rd level mecha combat system, and a mecha war hero with a history of defeating Mara.
“Are you Sirone?”
Crud held out his hand to Sirone.
“nice to meet. This is Krude, the first commander of the rebels.”
“This is Sirone.”
Crude looked carefully at Sirone and the others.
Having numerous battle experiences, he recognized the strength of the party at a glance, but his dignified eyes did not waver.
But when I saw Fleur, my eyes lingered for a moment, going back to being a twenty-eight-year-old engineer who had struggled with machines all his life.
A slim, straight-style woman with blue hair braided down to her waist.
What I particularly liked was her eyes. Among her group, she was the only one with full strength.
Like a heroine entering the battlefield for the first time.
But that was it.
Crude also knew the anecdote of Sirone, the light of District 73, but the war he actually experienced was too realistic to rely on myths.
“Go to a quiet place.”
Crude guided everyone to the strategy meeting room deep inside the bunker.
Of course, tea was not served, and as soon as we sat down, we got down to business.
“I heard you wanted to meet me?”
Sein sat down at the negotiating table as the representative.
“We will attack Heaven. We ask for the cooperation of the rebel command.”
“refuse.”
Crude’s answer was immediate.
“I heard that there was a conflict with the battalion commander. Of course, a broken-hearted soldier is useless on our side, but if you think about it coolly, there is no chance of going to war right away. It is nothing more than a delusion that you can attack heaven for subduing a giant who has lost his identity.”
Sein meekly nodded.
I was worried when I saw the battalion commander soaked in defeat, but the commander was different.
“That means we haven’t given up on the war.”
“There is always room for compromise, whether it be a truce or not. Because I can’t kill those who believe in me and follow me. But I don’t think Heaven will see us as an object of compromise. If you have to fight anyway, you have to win to survive.”
“What if we had a strategy to win?”
“Heh, bullshit.”
Hundreds of thousands of rebels, including the existing cults and subjects from Heaven, fought against Heaven, but only a handful of cases were recorded with remarkable achievements.
It is the union of Nor and Mecca that they have not been able to capture even the triangular Mara, let alone a normal angel. What could be done with just 10 humans added?
“I will paralyze the Aegis system with the Targis. Then you can infiltrate heaven and wage guerrilla warfare.”
Aegis, the core air defense system of Heaven, is an impregnable shield capable of attacking 7,000 targets simultaneously by setting the order of interception through two hundred search methods.
If they were able to break through and enter without blood, the rebels would have a glimmer of hope.
“Hehehehe.”
Crude covered her face and let out her lungs.
“I don’t know where you heard the word Tagis, but it is one of the technologies that have already been lost in Mecca.”
Crude lowered his hand and was no longer smiling.
“Think common sense. The angels can’t just leave the technology that paralyzes Heaven’s interception system. We need access to the Akashic Records to bring the technology back to life. But in order to do that, we have to break through the Aegis system first. Do you understand now? The order has been changed, you idiot.”
Sain leaned back on the chair back and crossed his legs.
“if… … What if I said I had that skill?”
“what?”
Crude’s face went blank.
“What nonsense is that?”
“There is no law that technology that is lost in heaven is not the same in the land kingdom. For 20 years, I wandered the world researching everything about ancient weapons. And now, I have blueprints for the perfectly restored Targis in my head. How is it, is your head spinning now?”
Crude’s eyes started to get confused.
“If it’s false… … .”
“We can restore it right now. There is no oblivion in my head. You’re also an engineer anyway, so you’ll be able to understand it enough by looking at the blueprints.”
‘I see. So on the black line… … .’
Sirone looked at Sein differently.
Ancient weapons are top secret regardless of the kingdom.
The act of accessing information alone was a dangerous thing that would be punished by death, only to save the labyrinth.
“Hmm… … .”
Crud was also confused now.
who the heck are these? Why do you want to do something that even hundreds of thousands of rebels couldn’t do?
‘No, what’s important is whether or not it’s successful.’
Even if you paralyze Aegis and enter heaven, angels and maras, giants and fairies are waiting for you.
Defeating them and infiltrating Arabot, where Ankera is located, was the equivalent of carrying gunpowder and jumping into the fire.
‘You can jump in though. There’s even a 1 percent chance.’
is this a miracle? Or is it the last struggle of the brightest burning candle right before it goes out?
“Three… … There are conditions.”
There were more conditions than expected, but Sein rather felt trust. This is because it is proof that Crude is dealing with the current plan realistically.
“Listen first.”
Crud said while pointing his finger.
“First, use the light of Area 73, Sirone, to appease the 2nd HQ. Even if you infiltrate Heaven, if Mecca and Norr don’t unite, you’ll hit a rock with an egg anyway.”
“I guess so. next?”
“Second, even if there are blueprints, large Targis that affect the whole of Heaven cannot be built here. We need to rent a factory on the mainland, so get their permission and come.”
Sein recalled the memory of the first time he met the rebels.
“Is it a military community?”
“okay. To be precise, it is a defense industry called ‘Night Maeng’. They are a new power that has grown rapidly by taking advantage of the civil war in Heaven, and they have monopolized weapon production by taking over all the military complexes. They are detestable to the rebels. However, without borrowing their strength, an all-out war with Heaven is impossible.”
“good. What is the final condition?”
Crud was initially hesitant to make the offer.
I don’t know how great Sirone and the others were, but it wasn’t something a single team could do.
“You’ll probably need a black elixir to make the tagis.”
“Black Elixir?”
“Most lifeforms in Heaven receive the life stream flowing on the planet into their bodies and create elixirs. There are five types. Red, green, yellow, white, and finally black.”
“Does it have to be black? As far as I know, the elixir has a technique to bypass it depending on the mixing and ratio of the ingredients, right?”
“Elixirs have unique effects for each type. Red is heat, green is a biochemical element, yellow is an energy property change, and white is involved in an atmospheric element. The rocks of heaven are so durable that they do not weather even after tens of thousands of years. That’s why you need an elixir that contains the power of the planet.”
Crud pointed towards the warehouse.
“For example, it takes 8,000 red elixirs to cast the metal that goes into one Guroi, but if you mix white elixirs, the efficiency of the thermal reaction is much higher. Mixing white and yellow can also generate electricity. Like this, the elixir is the means to achieve everything in this world.”
Fleur asked.
“Then what does the black elixir do?”
Crud looked at Fleur’s face for a moment, then turned his gaze to Sein and replied.
“Black Elixir, simply put, governs time.”
“hour? Is it some kind of magic?”
“no. To be precise, it reverses or accelerates an irreversible phenomenon. If you use the black elixir on a mixture of ink and water, the ink and water will not separate again. In case of burns, black and green elixirs can also be used to repair cellular damage.”
“I can’t… … .”
Sirone couldn’t believe it.
It was a phenomenon of ignoring the chemistry laws he had learned in school so far.
Zulu asked.
“What about palpation?”
“It shortens the reaction rate. Green Elixir is the basic element that makes up living things, and Black Elixir can be mixed with it to cause mutations. I heard that in some cases, evolutionary products come out thousands of years later.”
Gaold said.
“It’s a philosopher’s stone.”
I’ve heard of sirone too.
It’s not a word commonly used in magic, but it’s a substance that alchemists call a dream ingredient.
There is a fantasy product in heaven that can turn mere iron into gold or cure an incurable disease.
‘no way… … then?’
There was one incident that came to Sirone’s mind.
The other day, when Kanya’s mother became the subject of an anecdote, the large glass ball was filled with black liquid.
A cruel technique that melts a human into a statue of a giant and casts the giant out of it like a mould.
The reason why it felt more cruel was because it was a strange phenomenon that his head could not understand at all.
A black liquid that dissolves and reconstitutes living things.
If that was possible in this world, a black elixir that ignores chemical reactions would surely be involved.
Sain grasped Crud’s intentions.
“Using the Philosopher’s Stone to shorten the production process of Tagis, are you talking about that?”
“That’s it. Targis can be crafted with existing elixirs. But just melting rocks to extract and melt metals will eat up all your time. equipment is provided. Whatever it is, melt it down with black elixir and process the metal needed for Targis. These are my three conditions.”
Armin asked.
“What is the probability if you collect it by hunting?”
Crud shook his head.
“0 percent. Black Elixir is not created in the body of a living being. It is an element that can only be obtained from beings who have transcended the flow of time, that is, from the dead.”
If collecting planetary energy is different depending on the propensity of the creature, it was quite understandable given the non-ideality of the Philosopher’s Stone.
“Undead creatures live in the erosion valley northwest of the mainland. But even if I catch a thousand, I’m afraid there will be one. In other words, it is not even a 0.1 percent chance.”
said Gaold indifferently.
“Then what are we to do?”
“There is one. A place where you can get the Black Elixir with a 30%, no, 50% chance.”
Sein asked.
“Where is it?”
Crude hesitated here again.
However, realizing that he couldn’t stop talking, he widened his eyes and opened his mouth.
“The world of the dead, Niflheim.”
—————————————

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-421.txt
=============YYYYY=============
[421] In Heaven (3)
The desperate agony of the Great World War broke out.
Arius, fired from the electricity, flew 10 meters and rolled on the floor.
Apoptosis, the magic that dives into his thoughts, imprisons him in the concept of eternity, where time does not exist.
It was a kind of mental death, and the shock of actually returning was nothing compared to the horror of a newborn fetus.
“Ouch! Aaaagh!”
Arius couldn’t stop screaming.
Everything was confusing and unsettling.
Only the afterimages left vaguely in my memory gave me a vague idea of who he was.
At the borders of oblivion, a thread of intellect flowed in and connected with memory.
The screams died down only after he recalled the scene where he cast magic while avoiding Walker’s sword at the Kazra Palace.
‘Damn it, I can’t even do this.’
Arius, who stood up while wiping the sludge from under his chin, was suspicious of the unfamiliar sight.
“here is… … ?”
The person who pulled me out of apoptosis would be someone from the 7 Madou Girls, and if so, it should be their own hideout that no one knows, but the scenery they saw was completely different.
All over the light purple iron color, strange mechanical devices were operating with light.
“Are you a grave robber?”
Arius looked back with a displeased expression.
However, he soon had to raise his head, and the iris in his pupils narrowed in response to his surprise.
The light body above the head, huge wings of light many times larger than the body.
was an angel
‘Why an angel… … ?’
The moment the question was about to rise to the top of his head, he quickly suppressed it with the battery of the flicker magic.
You have to run away.
The thought was next.
Flash! And when his body turned into light, Uriel’s hand flew in faster than a moment.
“Keugh!”
Arius, who was caught by the neck, struggled at a height of 3 meters.
It wasn’t that my throat was strangled, it felt like my neck bones were being grabbed.
“Sah, live… … !”
As Uriel struck down Arius, he fell to the ground, straightening his back like a bow and moaning in pain.
Then, struggling to get down on one knee, he looked up at the angels.
“Damn, what the hell are you all about?”
“I am Uriel, the angel of destruction.”
“Yu, Uriel?”
One of only 8 archangels in heaven.
Arius’ gaze quickly scanned the surroundings.
After grasping the objects, devices, and even the Milky Way, he realized that it was a great world war.
‘Then the one next to me is Kariel… … .’
If there were two archangels, it had to be considered that there was no possibility that even Arius of the 7 Magicians could leave this place alive on his own.
“There is something I want to show you.”
Kariel, who floated Arius in the air, flew in front of the Milky Way and threw him again.
“Keugh!”
Falling from the stomach, he caught his breath, then raised his head with difficulty realizing that there was someone in front of him.
A woman was sitting cross-legged.
“human?”
said Uriel.
“It’s Adrias Miro.”
Arius’ eyes widened in shock.
“Mi, maze? Who is this woman?”
Miro is an unforgettable name for scale wizards.
However, it was the first time seeing the face of even the grave robber Arius.
It looks like this.
She was a common girl, a girl you could see anywhere in the world. It’s enough to make you look away for a moment if you run into them while passing by.
However, the modifiers attached to her were all superlatives, such as the best, last, final, and strongest.
That’s why Arius had no choice but to look at the face of the girl with weak eyes closed as if possessed.
It’s beautiful, just by existing.
Arius, who hastily regained consciousness, analyzed the situation based on the existing information.
Archangel, Great World War, Labyrinth.
‘Damn it. Did I come this far after all?’
The fact that Miro is in heaven can also be interpreted as meaning that the final war is imminent.
‘What the hell is going on? Did you know in the original world?’
I wanted to talk to Miro, but she showed no signs of waking up.
Arius looked back at Kariel and asked.
“Are you asleep?”
“no. Miro enters the dimension of cowardice. You can put her back the way she was.”
‘It’s cowardly… … .’
Arius’ face contorted.
‘shit! It’s a good experience.’
Now I’m just starting to get some strands.
Miro cannot be killed as long as he is in the state of samadhi. Also, that was the reason why he called himself, a grave robber, to this place.
“Destroy the fear of the labyrinth.”
Arius snorted.
When he was captured by Uriel, he instinctively asked for help, but death was not a priority for him who regained his intelligence.
If the labyrinth is pulled out of the cowardice, the space-time of the labyrinth will be destroyed, and what remains is the destruction of mankind.
‘It doesn’t really matter, but I don’t like it when they go their way.’
Still, I had no intention of giving up.
It is none other than exploring the spirit of one of the greatest wizards in human history.
I wanted to know, what the hell was going on in this woman’s head.
What you like, what you don’t like, what you’re ashamed of, and what secrets you need to take to the grave.
“Destroy Samadhigyeong?”
Arius frowned and said.
“Are you kidding me?”
“If you don’t, you die.”
“You don’t think that’s a threat, do you? This woman is mankind’s strongest scale wizard. She will only be crushed by the Egoist no matter who dives, not me.”
“Then I have no choice but to die.”
When Kariel held out his hand, Arius raised both hands as if to calm down.
“wait. It doesn’t mean I won’t do it. It just means you have to find a way around it.”
“bypass? You mean the mind?”
“Anyway, if you dive right now, you will be swept away by the samadhi. But what about Drimo? I will collect the spirit of the maze from Dremo, where any thoughts flow. It’s about finding keywords that are strong enough to break the samadhi.”
“keyword?”
“Every human being has trauma. A trauma that takes your breath away the moment you think about it. We make a powerful net out of them and cast them into the abyss. Then pull? The big fish called maze will be caught.”
Kariel stared at Arius, who was talking excitedly.
Are you insane? To be so zealous in destroying humanity.
‘I can’t understand at all, the seeds called humans.’
Arius made a condition.
“However, Drimo is a multi-dimensional structure, so it is not a place where you can investigate freely. So give me some information. Don’t you guys know?”
“Hmm.”
Suddenly, Kariel’s planetary body expanded into a halo.
While Arius’ face turned pale, a black orb squeezed through space and was born.
“Come out, Brahma.”
“Kiiiii!”
The hooked nose protruded first, followed by the red-skinned face.
The eyes were slit and the teeth irregularly aligned.
There were three luminous triangles floating on the front of the forehead, and the brain was connected beyond the top of the head. Unlike humans with brain water inside the skull, it flowed down like hair and reached the tip of the toes of a short stature.
Kariel’s family, the triangular Mara Brahma.
In some parts of the human world, he was a being called the god of creation.
“Meet the humble Brahma, Archangel Kariel.”
“Follow that human to Drimo. Cooperate with whatever he may be investigating.”
Arius had an absurd expression.
‘Damn it, Brahma?’
As a wizard, it was shocking that the god of intelligence in mythology looked like that.
But he quickly regained his cool.
This is your chance.
If he borrowed the knowledge of the triangular Mara, he would be able to access the depths of Drimo that humanity has not reached.
‘Hehehe, the magic god is smiling at me.’
Arius approached the maze.
I will dig up everything about her.
And when I come back, I will be the god of the world.
“Let’s go. Heaven seems to be quite busy too.”
Brahma stretched out a strand of brain water and pushed it through the labyrinth’s mouth into the brain.
As the area of the brain responsible for Drimo was activated, a small space-time tunnel appeared in front of his eyes.
Arius flung himself without delay, followed by Brahma.
“Whoa.”
Kariel sat down only after the space-time tunnel closed.
It was no exaggeration to say that summoning the triangular Mara was squeezing out all remaining power.
“Are you okay?”
“Power comes back after time. If only the labyrinth wakes up, humans are doomed. There will be a right of origin at the Archangel Council as well.”
“You may not succeed. According to the kinship law, even Brahma is not in a normal state.”
The sum of the abilities of the three Maras commanded by the angels can never exceed the abilities of the angels.
This is according to the reason that an acquired concept cannot appear without an antecedent concept.
This is the family law.
As long as Kariel’s presence was weakened, even Brahma, the triangular mara, could not exert his full power.
“doesn’t care. After all, Brahma was born as an imitation of my intellect. It can make a judgment in one second that 10,000 prudent humans made through compromise. It will take some time, but he’ll be able to pull it off.”
It will take time. But what can you do?
If that’s the last time left for mankind anyway.
* * *
The strategy conference room was seized with silence.
Niflheim.
It is a place where even the border people of the mainland are forbidden to approach, and the only beings inhabiting it are evil specters who were once feared by humans.
Crud gave realistic advice this time as well.
“Let me be clear, it is a very dangerous place. Considering the value of the Black Elixir, many people deserve to take on the challenge, but even that has been abandoned thousands of years ago. One reason. Because if you go, you will surely die. So choose well.”
Sein asked.
“Do you see we have a choice? in this situation?”
“Even if we don’t go to Niflheim, we can still maintain our alliance. Opportunities don’t just exist. But it means that these three conditions must be met if the 1st Command goes to all-out war.”
Taking the safe route takes a long time. Conversely, it was too risky to take the fast route.
“Gaold, what are you going to do?”
Sein handed over the judgment to the commander.
But in reality, it was just a polite question. With no way to know Miro’s life or death, he had only one choice.
“I’m going to Niflheim.”
“Hmm.”
Crude’s sigh continued for a long time.
“I think highly of you. That’s why you want to dry it. It is also a good idea to use the light of Area 73 to increase the size of the rebels. why are you in a hurry? Any special reason?”
Impatience breeds mistakes.
Gaold also knew that fact, so he desperately maintained his composure.
But looking at it objectively, time was not leisurely.
It would be impossible to kill a maze in heaven in heaven, but neither were those who would do such a thing without any countermeasures.
“I don’t know. I’ll meet the three conditions as quickly as possible. So, are there any complaints?”
“of course. But, if possible.”
Crude was skeptical until the end.
“From now on, we divide the team. I, Gangnan, and Zulu enter Niflheim.”
Sein asked.
“Then what about the rest?”
“Armin, Shiina, Etela, and Kuan are in charge of the munitions community. Sirone and Fleur convince 2nd Command. For now, this is the only way.”
Even in Sein’s opinion, the number of people was divided as much as possible considering the difficulty of the mission.
“Then I will stay here and strategize. In addition, I have to figure out about planetary movements.”
In order for God’s Punishment to properly stick to Arabot, precise forecasts of the landing point are required. To do so, what had to be preceded was an understanding of planetary motion.
“Are you sure you want to go, to Niflheim?”
Crude couldn’t understand Sirone and the others.
Even if 10 people rush in, no, even if you ask for support from the rebels, you will split the team.
“Are you guys insane?”
Gaold said as he left.
“no.”
(end of volume 17)
—————————————

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-422.txt
=============YYYYY=============
[422] Second Command (1)
Sirone headed to 2nd HQ with Fleur.
Clove and Gardlock were the guides, and various information was heard while riding on the spot of light to narrow the distance.
“According to research, the ‘looking down’ of the angels is not a departure from the gaze of the observer, but a cannibalistic appearance that draws the desired place in front of the eyes. It’s like opening a drawer in your room and looking through it. Then how did the rebels avoid looking down?”
Guardlock’s words were translated through a drone from headquarters.
The drones produced in heaven do not have the language of the land country, but the ‘Night Blindness’ thing has even been programmed with the language of numerous border people.
“Hmm, put a lock on the drawer?”
Gadlock nodded at Fleur’s words.
“That’s the Mecca way. The self-developed magnetic field disrupts the landscape and makes it impossible to focus.”
Sirone said.
“So the second one is that you make a lot of drawers?”
“answer. Currently, the 2nd Command, which we are heading to, is being operated as a scattered point organization. It’s a classic stealth strategy, but the risk is much less.”
Fleur asked.
“Which place is it? 2nd Command.”
“I’ve never been to headquarters either. After serving in the 13th Battalion, I was transferred to the 1st Command. However, compared to Mecha, which values leadership, Norr prioritizes individual abilities. I have the idea that a person with power should be the commander.”
Sirone said.
“Then the commander must be a very strong person.”
“I heard that. It’s a woman named Ray Sis, and according to her rumors, she has a whopping 32 percent Spirit Force.”
Spirit Force is an indicator of affinity for Jung, and it is a mental state that is much closer to the essence than Spirit Zone.
Fleur asked.
“How great is 32 percent? If it reaches 100 percent, will you be able to use it freely?”
“That’s a lot. Because it’s friendly anyway. Is 32 percent enough to provide drinking water for 100 people with just one drop? Usually Norr’s affinity is only 7-8%. Even if there is only a 1% difference, the magical power increases exponentially.”
Sirone visualized the image of the commander of the 2nd headquarters, albeit vaguely.
“Anyway, I’m in favor of this journey. Mecha is strong against giants, but weak against fairies. On the other hand, Norse are strong against fairies. Union is essential to survival.”
While talking like that, Sirone and the others arrived at the spot of light.
Particles of light were floating on top of the transparent stream that shimmered like diamonds.
Guard Rock pushed through the water and entered the city. He punched the spot and prepared the magic of light Elijah.
Flew asked as he watched the light seep through his fists.
“Do we have to go further from here? It’s already the third.”
“This is the end.”
If they were attacked on the way to this place, the information could be leaked, so these words were saved.
Fleur nodded and approached Sirone.
It’s easier on the inside than when there were seniors like Giraseong, but now she had to protect Sirone completely.
As I left the bunker after negotiating with Crude last night, I remembered the story I heard from Gaold.
“Flu.”
“Yes, president of the Association.”
Gaold, who sang the flue, glanced at Sirone and then said:
“I am concerned. Other teams have a mix of veterans, but you and Sirone are different.”
Flew readily admitted.
Of course, he knew that what Gaold was worried about was not the safety of Sirone and Fleur, but the failure of the project.
“I am fully aware. I will risk my life so as not to become an annoyance to my seniors.”
“One of a kind, if things go wrong… … .”
Gaold stopped talking.
It was truly a wonder to Flew.
The mere fact that he hesitated, likened to a machine with a broken brake, was already rewarded.
Flew said with a soft smile.
“Do not worry. If there’s one life that needs to be lost on this project, I know it’s me. As a supporter, no matter what happens, I will definitely bring Sirone back to life.”
Sirone, who joined the team as a Terminator, is the task force’s master key to survive until the end, even if most of the team members die.
It was embarrassing as a wizard to weigh the life of a supporter and a factor with such a heavy mission.
Gaold looked at Fleur in silence for a moment. Then he turned around, viciously tearing the corner of his mouth.
“Cheuk, trust me.”
The last words penetrated deep into Flew’s heart.
She gazed at Gaold’s broad back with a blank expression, and raised a salute with a smile on her face.
‘It’s okay to die. I’m on the best team.’
“excuse me… … .”
At that time, Crude, who had been watching the two of them from afar, walked away clearing his throat.
Even in wartime, he carefully expressed his emotions, which is the principle that human beings should live like human beings.
“If there is anything uncomfortable… … .”
“doesn’t exist.”
Flew, as if he had never done that, withdrew his smile and turned away with a cold expression.
Sirone was playing with the killifish with her feet.
He was 19 years old, which would be perfect if he wasn’t on a mission in a place like this.
I will do my best to protect Sirone.
However, it is also true that words such as the best in practice have no meaning.
It was only important to complete the goal by any means and methods, and to do so, Sirone also needed determination.
“Listen. Since you’ve come this far, you’re a wizard too. He hasn’t graduated yet, so he’s an unofficial wizard.”
Sirone looked at Fleur in bewilderment.
“So from now on I will treat you as a pro. It means that you should not be swayed by emotions and be faithful to your mission. I’m not asking you to do anything unreasonable. In fact, I can’t even tell what’s absurd. Because that’s what war is. If there is confusion, just stick to your mission.”
There is no way you wouldn’t know that it was Sirone.
Seniors like the sky would be willing to give their lives to protect him who doesn’t even have a magician’s license.
What’s most nerve-wracking is knowing that, but having to drive them to death without hesitation.
‘I must live. It’s such a mission.’
Sirone nodded with a determined expression.
“yes. Do not worry.”
No one wants to take on a job they don’t like.
If you can’t do it yourself, someone else will eventually have to do it for you.
Sirone made up her mind. no, i wished
Whatever the situation, please do not hesitate.
“depart.”
Elijah’s gigantic flash shot up into the sky.
* * *
The forest landscape shimmered as the world was bathed in warm light.
After the light faded, the landscape changed from a valley with a stream to the middle of a forest with a dense forest.
Flew asked, looking around.
“Is this headquarters?”
“no. Command’s gatekeeper will lead us. Maybe we should go a lot further here.”
It was a measure to avoid being followed. I could see how thoroughly they were hiding.
Gadlock put his finger in his mouth and whistled.
As the sound magic ferry was cast, sounds like the chirping of hundreds of birds soared into the forest’s sky.
After a while, a man appeared from behind a tree.
“Where are you from? Haven’t you received a report today?”
He was a man with a cold impression.
He has blue hair, raised eyebrows, and shaved the left side of his head. The right side of her hair, down to her shoulder, was covering one of her eyes.
Gadlock pointed at Sirone and said.
“I am from First Command. You must have heard the rumors, this boy here… … .”
“Ah, that’s right.”
The man raised his hand and cast a spell.
Forest Magic Oprica.
The trees in the back swayed, and numerous vines flew at Sirone and the others, showing a rapid growth rate.
“Keugh!”
Clove and Gardlock, terrified, lost their balance and landed on their butts, while Sirone and Fleur did not move.
The flying trajectory was not aimed at him.
Perhaps, if he had kept his cool a little longer, anyone would have figured it out.
The vines were planted in the ground, and then grew in an arch.
In an instant, Sirone and the others were imprisoned in a prison entwined with arch-patterned trees.
‘This is ancient plant magic.’
According to the afterimage from when he competed with Bossun in Kazura, even a certified 4th grade wizard could not produce such a rapid growth effect.
I didn’t think that man was stronger than Bossun, but it seemed that there was definitely an advantage of ancient magic using Jung’s affinity.
‘It won’t be easy anyway.’
It bothered me that from the very beginning, there had been very little proper negotiations for a group that had staged armed demonstrations.
The gatekeeper cast Oprica anew and drew another twig and aimed it at the party.
“What business do those who betrayed Norr have to us?”
Clove shouted, grabbing hold of the prison.
“What is this? Do you know who this person is? The light of Area 73, Sirone!”
The more hostile the relationship, the more active the espionage warfare.
The gatekeeper also knew that Sirone had returned.
“so?”
“So what? aren’t you going to war? You don’t know how much the morale of the rebels increases when Sirone is around, so you ask?”
A spear-sharp branch pierced a crack in the cell and stopped in front of Clove’s nose.
“Kuk!”
Clove hurriedly backed away and shot his back at the prison on the other side.
Oprica is a magic that cannot be cast without an affinity exceeding 10%.
With only 7% affinity, he could not resist the man’s prestige.
“What about the light in Area 73? When were you criticizing and blaming Nord, when did you say let’s come and fight together? We don’t need the might of the Mechas. How can you compete with angels with those who are only mechanical?”
“How do you know that?”
Sirone said.
“We are here to meet your captain, not you. I don’t think you have the right to decide something with the fate of the entire Norse at stake.”
The man turned his gaze to Sirone.
I have heard the story of Sirone’s saga, but the Norse, who have an absolute standard of power, are not simply deceived by myths.
If he thought that he would be able to work here as long as he defeated the fairy manager, Girin Lee, then the light in District 73 was either a fairly weak guy or a kid drunk on his own power.
“Maybe. But as a gatekeeper, I have the authority. Whether it’s the Nephilim or the Light of District 73, strength is what matters in war. I don’t know how it was in Mecca, but the Norse doesn’t even snort when he whines in a wooden prison.”
“okay?”
Sirone sighed and put her palm on the prison cell.
As the light began to focus on his hand, the gatekeeper hurriedly backed away.
According to what I’ve heard, Sirone can freely use light regardless of affinity, and can destroy things with it.
“joy! Let’s see… … !”
The gatekeeper is also a master of ancient magic who has been given the crucial task of protecting the rebel headquarters.
Grabbing all the vegetation around him, he twisted the vines into sharp spears and prepared to strike back.
‘what?’
But the situation to counterattack did not come.
The light gathered in Sirone’s hands gradually turned dark, and the vines began to twist grotesquely.
Amgu.
The gatekeeper had no choice but to let go of his hands and stare blankly at the sight of the thick trees twisting.
Crunchy! Sigh!
With a sound like bones being crushed, the intertwined hemispherical prison was torn from the ground.
Deed Deed Dede Deuk!
Eventually, it twisted toward the hole in the space and began to be sucked in.
The tree struggled from root to root, like a glutton swallowing a living creature whole, and yet it was eventually forcibly consumed and disappeared without a trace.
Clove and Gardlock’s faces turned pale.
The other day, when Sirone broke a rock with his light, he wasn’t quite as surprised.
“Um, what kind of magic is that, Master?”
“… … .”
There was no way to know that it was Gadlock. Perhaps the gatekeeper is the same.
All the Norse were staring at Sirone in a state of fascination.
—————————————

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-423.txt
=============YYYYY=============
[423] Second Command (2)
“Oh, this can’t be… … .”
The gatekeeper was speechless.
As far as he knew, Sirone was a Nephilim who used light magic, but it was dark magic that destroyed Oprica.
The problem is that it is broad daylight with the sun shining down.
It was impossible to use the power of darkness in a place where the spirit of light filled the world, unless one was free from the law.
“Are you going to continue?”
Flew took out the magic wand ‘Phoenix’ from Kubrick and swung it around.
Although he was deprived of the first attack by Sirone, if he had been a little late, the phoenix would have burst out and destroyed the prison.
The gatekeeper’s face contorted in a grim manner.
“Don’t talk nonsense. We are Norse. Don’t be swayed by myths without substance!”
When the gatekeeper cast the sound magic ferry, an ominous sound like a crow crowing filled the sky.
Three Norsemen landed behind the gatekeeper on the wind magic aeos.
It was a Norr guard who was waiting in the vicinity.
“Hey, why are you calling us all? what?”
A bald man among the guards found Sirone and the others and frowned.
“What, those kids?”
“They’re from 1st Command. That blonde hair is Sirone, the light of Area 73.”
“Sirone?”
The bald head stared at Sirone.
Like the gatekeeper, his expression was crumpled in displeasure.
“Ah, that sirone? You mean the one attached to the lesser Mecha people.”
said Fleur, stepping forward.
“Do you have anyone else to call? We are also busy, so if we are going to do it, do it quickly, right?”
The gatekeeper said to the guards.
“Don’t be alarmed. Their magic has a different magic system from ours.”
“I know. They are far worse than us.”
As Fleur snorted and pushed Phoenix forward, Sirone stepped out on her shoulder.
“I’ll do it, senior.”
No matter how the Norse accepts Sirone, it does not change that she is a key player in the war against Heaven.
In order to mobilize tens of thousands of Norse subordinates to the headquarters, it was necessary to show the Nephilim’s ability from now on.
“good. Instead, finish quickly.”
When Fleur gave up her seat, Sirone walked slowly toward the gatekeeper.
“Take us to headquarters. There is no need to continue fighting meaninglessly, right?”
“Heh, it’s definitely worth the word of mouth. But you know what? That Nor’s real strength starts now.”
The gatekeeper opened his eyes and told his colleagues.
“Prepare Mahagard.”
The bald head looked back with a puzzled expression.
“Mahagart? Do I really have to do that?”
“Did you not hear? He uses strange magic. It’s best to finish it once and for all.”
“Sheesh!”
Bald couldn’t help but obey.
Regardless of rank, the gatekeeper’s judgment was the top priority at the entrance to the headquarters.
The remaining three followed the bald man’s movements.
Ancient magic is not as individualistic as modern magic, but sometimes that tendency can be an advantage.
It was that they could cast collective magic.
Sensing the heavy condensation of the atmosphere around her, Sirone compressed the photons in front of her.
Four Norse cast spells at the same time.
“Mahagart!”
A strong wind that exceeded the density of the aircraft rushed in.
It was a powerful magic that, once swept away, could not even resist and slammed into a wall, causing its limbs to burst.
Sirone gritted his teeth and fired a photon cannon.
A heavy flash of light penetrated the center of the atmosphere, causing the air to crease and ripple.
In the end, it tore Mahagarth to pieces with a ruptured eardrum.
“Aww!”
Mahagard’s aftershock swept in, flapping the Norse’s collar.
The sound waves alone were enough to blow my mind.
“M-Mahagart… … .”
The collective magic of the Norse tribe was as elaborate and powerful as the three-stage combat system of the Mecha tribe.
Magic that can be attempted only when teamwork is perfect.
For such magic to be destroyed by one man’s hand, it was a crushing blow to the pride of Norse fighters.
Flew had already anticipated the outcome.
‘That’s stupid. I should have considered the difference in density.’
No matter how strong the wind is, it cannot displace the photon cannon, which is compressed to a single point.
Therefore, in modern magic, air magic is divided into press type and blow type so that it can be applied to numerous situations.
‘Anyway, I trained quite a bit in a short time.’
The power of the Photon Cannon was much stronger than when he was in the Magic Association. Maybe senior year life helped.
As he trained in shotgun movement and laser judo together, Fleur was happy with Sirone’s growth as if it were his own.
* * *
Sirone and the others followed the gatekeeper into the depths of the forest.
Sirone’s inaction was shocking, but it did not break the heart of the Norse fighters.
The only one they obeyed wholeheartedly was the commander, and they had no doubt that she would lead the Norns to victory.
Even so, the reason why they changed their thoughts was that they were no longer within the scope of their judgment.
There was no way to know how it was activated, but Sirone’s ability to destroy 4 people in one blow was worth reconsidering.
“We will guide you, but don’t expect us to accept you. Because the commander will never allow an alliance with the Meccans.”
Fleur asked.
“What the hell did you split up for? Wasn’t there something that triggered it?”
It is not strange that Mecca and Norr have different ways of thinking, so it is not strange that conflicts arise, but in wartime when there is a common enemy called heaven, it is a universal trend to join forces somehow.
It was her idea that they wouldn’t have split up simply because they were different.
“The Meccans are arrogant. Because they know what the greatest thing is. Nor has a Norman way. But they wouldn’t admit it. War is thinking about winning. I don’t want to work with weaklings again.”
The gatekeeper stopped and set aside the leaves of the shrubbery.
“Everything has come. This is our headquarters.”
Sirone tilted her head. All he could see was a sheer cliff.
“Is this the headquarters?”
When the gatekeeper cast the ferry magic, the unique sound of birds pierced the sky.
After a while, holes were opened in dozens of places in the cliffs, and Norse guards revealed their faces.
As the ground trembled, the cliff began to transform into a fortress.
A door opened on the ground, and a stone staircase descended from a high place.
‘It’s ancient magic.’
It seemed that the Norse, who used the affinity of the natural world, had built a natural fortress by magically shaping the entire mountain.
Upon arriving at the headquarters, Sirone and the others were surrounded by talented people who seemed to be outstanding.
A tall, painted blonde woman approached from the front door with haughty steps.
It was the Norse archmage and the second commander of the rebels, Reisis.
“What’s going on? Purin’s birdsong.”
The gatekeeper stopped Sirone and the others and approached Leisis and whispered something softly.
Flew turned all of the drone’s interpretation into an internal channel and amplified the sound.
A warning window popped up saying that the retinal vision could not collect sound. It seemed to be using magic to block the spread of sound on its own.
“Hmm, got it.”
Reisis, who heard the report, nodded and walked towards Sirone.
A powerful ancient magic with 32% Spirit Force.
Flew kept his vigilance ready to take action.
However, Reisis’ face, which had been expressionless until then, suddenly brightened in front of Sirone.
“Round, Light of Area 73.”
While bewildered by the unexpected hospitality, Reisis opened her arms and hugged Sirone tightly.
She smelled of strong perfume.
The smell of perfume thick like blood.
Resis led Sirone and the others to the stronghold inside the cliff.
At that point, Clove and Gardlock left, and the remaining two were escorted to the commander’s office.
There was a carpet on the floor, and three-person sofas were placed facing each other.
It was certainly a landscape more familiar to Sirone than to the Meccans.
When Laceys, who sat in the seat of honor between the sofas, offered a seat, Sirone and Fleur sat on separate sofas as if they had made an appointment.
A position in which a pincer attack is easy in the event of an emergency.
Reisis looked at their unusual seating arrangement and gave a puzzled smile.
“So, why are you here?”
Sirone said.
“You must be guessing. The 1st Command made an alliance proposal.”
Reisis rested her chin and crossed her legs.
“Allies. Come on now what’s the point? Combined, what do you do?”
Sirone conveyed Sain’s words that persuaded Crud.
Reisis, who heard the story, was also thoughtful with a cautious expression this time.
“Hmm, paralyze the Aegis system. If that happens, it will be good for us too.”
“Once you enter heaven, you can create variables. So why don’t we join hands with First Command and move together?”
“But before that, I want to ask you something.”
Reisis said with a wink in one eye.
“If that’s how you conquer heaven, who will be the king?”
“yes? King?”
“I mean, who is this alliance for? We got along well when we first rebelled. But aren’t you all between the Mecca and the ball now? Do you think the members will obey me even if I order an alliance? already broke up once You reached out your hand first, but there’s no guarantee that you won’t hit the back of the head the second time, right?”
From the standpoint of the Norse, it was obvious that such a thought could not help but be felt.
When Sirone was unable to answer the unexpected difficulty, Reisis continued.
“So I have something I would like to suggest.”
“Any suggestions?”
Reisis’ index finger pointed at Sirone as if stabbing.
“The light of Area 73. If you, the symbol of the rebel war, are transferred to the 2nd Command, I am willing to actively persuade the members.”
Fleur asked.
“It’s not a bad suggestion, but it doesn’t matter, does it? After all, if you form an alliance, you will be united again.”
“Right, it doesn’t matter. That’s why I propose. A Norse isn’t stupid enough to make an offer your opponent will refuse. But shouldn’t we also have insurance when we win the war? The Norse have the symbol of freedom, that’s enough to convince the crew.”
Seeing Fleur nod, Sirone obediently agreed.
Just as Mecha and Nord had their own circumstances, the Sirone team had to move the rebels somehow.
“great. It is the Norse who will be able to use my name when the war is over.”
Reisis crossed her palms with a bright smile.
“Good! Good idea. Shall we go register now?”
“yes? Registration?”
“Now that you’ve entered 2nd Command, of course you have to measure, your Spirit Force.”
* * *
Sirone and Fleur stood in front of two changing rooms that were placed side by side.
In order to measure Spirit Force, several tests were required, one of which was a physical examination.
Fleur said before entering the locker room.
“If something happens, focus on returning here rather than fighting. The most important thing is joining.”
“yes. Seniors, be careful too.”
As the two entered their respective dressing rooms, the two drones followed the owner as if they had separated from each other.
Hearing the door close outside, Flew looked around.
It was a hollow with nothing, and there was only another door installed to enter the interior.
A Norse woman who was waiting approached.
“Take off your clothes and give them to me. I’ll return it to you once the inspection is over.”
“How far should I take it off?”
“Everything. I have to sterilize it in a disinfection room and collect blood and body hair.”
Fleur undid one button on her blouse.
Even after joining 2nd Command, Reisis was still an unreliable woman.
In the worst case scenario, she may be ambushed, but being naked does not diminish her fighting power.
‘Well, clothes don’t have any defense.’
What was more curious was the Norse swordsman.
‘Are you taking blood? What are you going to do with it?’
With that thought in mind, I took off the last remaining underwear and handed it to her, and the woman put it in a basket and said.
“Hey, you have to take that ring off too… … Suck!”
Flew’s eyes, which had been calm even after being naked, suddenly turned cold.
She glared at the woman, then raised her ring finger and pointed at the ring.
“This doesn’t work. If sterilization is the purpose anyway, isn’t a ring irrelevant?”
Kubrick has a phoenix stored in it.
As it was a tool that amplified mana, the ring could not be removed even if the underwear was removed.
“Ah yes. It doesn’t matter. Then this way.”
When the pale woman ran out the door as if to run away, Fleur finally relaxed her expression.
The reason why he deliberately revealed his intention to live was to test the woman’s reaction.
If you tried to get the ring out in any way, it’s because this inspection is also likely to be a trap.
But contrary to my expectations, I couldn’t feel any particular intention from the woman.
‘Did I think too deeply?’
Fleur followed the woman into the next room.
—————————————

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-424.txt
=============YYYYY=============
[424] Second Command (3)
After undressing, Sirone walked through a long tunnel. Gas billowed out from a crack in the wall, sterilizing her body.
There might be some suspicious intentions hidden, so Sirone held her breath and completed the tunnel that wasn’t too long.
Upon entering the next gateway, a large cave appeared.
The sunlight shone through the numerous holes in the ceiling, reminiscent of stars in the night sky.
After staring at the ceiling for a moment, Sirone lowered her head and focused on the strange thing in front of her.
“What is this?”
A huge gel-type liquid lay in a lump like pudding.
As Sirone hesitated, not knowing how to use it, an old man’s voice was heard from the ceiling.
“It is a process of coating the sterilized body. Break right through.”
“Hmm.”
Sirone sent the drone flying toward the entrance first, then took a deep breath and dug into the inside of the gel.
It was slippery like real pudding, so there was no difficulty walking.
However, the feeling became very strange. A slight blush appeared on her face as her sensitive area was stimulated.
When I entered the next room, a warm space with red light came out.
The gel on her body dried in an instant and completely coated Sirone’s body.
“Aha, that’s it.”
Sterilization of 99.99% was completed.
* * *
Arriving at the last room, Sirone was surprised to see so many people wandering around.
Liquids of various colors bubbled in more than 10 glass tubes and flowed in all directions through hoses.
On the table, glass utensils needed for experiments and some parts of creatures of unknown origin were displayed with less blood.
People in white coats were moving busily, and the bald man I met at the entrance was waiting with a snarling expression holding Sirone and Fleur’s clothes.
Commander Reisis approached with a bewitching smile, wearing a red cloak that matched her mood.
Everyone except herself was wearing clothes, so Sirone was a bit shy, but she didn’t have enough experience in combat to show weakness during the mission.
“Where is this?”
When I asked, pretending to be calm, she changed the topic with a smile as if she knew how she felt.
“How about the Norse sterilization system? Isn’t it perfect?”
It was actually like that, so Sirone readily admitted it.
“yes. It was quite systematic.”
Just then, the door on the other side opened and Floo came in.
“Ugh.”
I could barely keep the sound that was about to come out of my mouth.
Flew, on the other hand, looked at the surrounding scenery first, as if he had nothing to shy away from, even in a place where many people were roaming around.
Then, he found Sirone and approached him with great strides.
“Did you come soon? Did everything go well?”
“Ah yes.”
Fleur looked down at Sirone.
Still, as a wizard, Kubrick was sticking with him to the end.
‘Well, if you can’t do this much, you’re just a kid.’
In fact, Sirone also flatly refused the request to remove the ring.
However, he did not check Flew’s hand.
Of course, it doesn’t matter if you do it, but… … She wanted to believe in her.
After confirming that Sirone was safe, Flew carefully inspected the surrounding objects.
‘Biology lab. What the hell are you researching here?’
The scene of the laboratory in the basement of the Magic Association overlapped with the sight of scholars rushing to dissect the organs of unknown creatures on the table.
If the source of the smell of blood in Lacey’s perfume is probably here, then she also resides there.
If it was simply to measure the Spirit Force, there was no reason to wait until the blood smelled.
‘Hmm, it’s definitely suspicious, right?’
Reisis approached Fleur.
“Sorry. Were you surprised? I should have paid more attention to women. However, it is the only laboratory connected to the disinfection room. I need uncontaminated hair and blood.”
Flew confidently stretched one leg out to the side and placed his right hand on his hip.
There was no way he didn’t know that he did it on purpose.
“There’s nothing I can do about a physical examination. But aren’t you wrapping yourself up too tight for someone who says that?”
Lacey laughed cheerfully.
“Ho-ho-ho! Because I am a commander in my own way. Hang in there. I’ll finish it soon and give you clothes.”
A woman with a syringe came over and drew blood from Sirone and Fleur. At the side, two people clung to each other and collected their hair.
Reisis was satisfied with their unconcerned appearance.
“I have studied your magic. A system that mixes the spirit of the Norse with the knowledge of the Meccans. But I think, after all, you guys are closer to Nord.”
Flew, who had been watching the dissection of a huge chunk of meat, turned to Leisis.
“On what basis do you say that?”
“Because I understand the meaninglessness of the body. The Norse are a race preoccupied with the spiritual world. There are many naked and mutilated bodies here. In fact, the human body is nothing more than a set of functions when disassembled. What really matters is contained in it.”
Resis patted her head.
“But the Meccans didn’t understand that. They had fun melting iron, pounding it, and making strange things. In fact, it’s the same with biology experiments. But they hated it and rejected the Norse as uncivilized.”
Sirone could guess where the feud between Mecca and Nor started.
“Sampling is over.”
When the procedure was complete, the bald head brought me the clothes. His expression was not good, perhaps because he was nostalgic for serving as a servant.
Sirone asked.
“When do you measure the Spirit Force?”
“I will start now. Now, look at this.”
Norse scholars dipped blood and parts of their hairs from the two men into a blue liquid.
As the bubbles bubbled up and turned into pale green, thick water, Leices pointed to the elixir separator.
“It’s a drug that comes down to the Norse vision. When green, yellow, and white elixirs are mixed in specific proportions and then fused with the cell body of an organism, a substance that reveals the biological substrate is created. If you neutralize this with distilled water and cast a spell, you can see their affinity.”
“Oh, that’s right.”
Flew came closer, resting his chin on his chin and watching.
It was her first time experimenting with biology using an elixir.
“There is no need to feel pressured. Even if your affinity is low, it doesn’t mean that your skills are low. In a word, it can be seen as an evaluation of your magical potential.”
potential power.
For Sirone and Flew, who were still new to the wizarding society, it was a topic that never left their heads.
Also, since it was an impossible measurement method in the real world, I couldn’t hide my desire to know beyond the mission.
“Can I do it now?”
“no. Tradition dictates that new recruits be tested for affinity in front of the Norse. If you measure privately, words may come out later. Ranks are determined by percentage, and if you train hard, you can get promoted.”
Sirone and Fleur went outside.
Most, if not all, of the headquarters staff were huddled in the clearing.
In the center of the clearing, two drums containing liquid were installed, and a glass tube connected to the floor was bent through the ground and rose to a height of 10 meters.
While inspecting the device, the bald man whimpered and brought in two 20-litre water bottles.
It was a liquid containing Syrone and Flu’s biological substrate.
When it was poured into the drum, the silver liquid submerged in the underground glass tube raised the water level and set it to exactly zero.
Reisis shouted from the podium.
“From now on, the tradition of welcoming new members begins!”
All the Norse turned to her.
“I guarantee there is no trick in measuring the Spirit Force. Also, their positions will be determined according to the results that came out today. Then, we start measuring affinity.”
“I will do it first.”
As Flew rolled up his arms and walked to the device, a bald man in waiting explained the measurement.
“Put your hands in the barrel and get in the mental state to cast the spell. Then, as the pressure of the liquid changes, the water level in the glass tube will rise.”
“Hmm, then should I enter the Spirit Zone?”
The bald head stared at Flu as he dipped his hands in the liquid and pursed his lips as if he remembered all the hardships he had endured.
“For reference, my affinity is 16%.”
“so?”
“It’s a figure that ranks in the top 20 percent of the Norse. I mean, no matter how trivial your magic is, it’s your potential that determines your position. So it’s best to do your best. If you come in as my subordinate, you will be in trouble.”
The bald head pressed his face and whispered.
“Hehe, I saw you earlier. Did you really kill me?”
Flew’s eyes widened.
‘He likes the meaninglessness of the body.’
I didn’t believe it from the beginning, but there was always a sense of trying to cover up or hide something in Reisis’ speech.
Since it is a biological experiment, how is the human body?
‘There’s definitely something.’
Flew stopped thinking and focused on measuring.
If your potential is lower than that of the bald man with his nostrils wide open as if he had treasure-like memories, he would really want to die.
“It begins.”
As Flew went into the Spirit Zone with her eyes wide open, the liquid bubbled and the water level in the glass tube rose steadily.
“Whoaaaa!”
An exclamation erupted from the people.
Their gaze stopped at a point more than 2 meters away.
“Two, twenty… … .”
Affinity 28%.
A murmur was heard from all directions.
If it was 28%, it was an affinity belonging to the highest executive level even in Nord Command.
Even if he learned ancient magic from now on, it was a talent that would make him strong enough in a few years.
The bald man, who had been looking up at the glass tube with his mouth wide open, slowly turned his head to Flew.
Flu, who had been waiting with a bashful smile, patted his bald head and said.
“Then take good care of me from now on, my subordinate.”
“Oh, no, this is it… … .”
“don’t worry. I’m not even curious about the bald man’s body. Of course there’s nothing to see, but ho ho!”
Leaving behind his red bald head, Flew returned to his seat.
Sirone greeted him with a high five.
‘As expected, it’s senior Fleur.’
A senior graduate of the Royal Magic School.
He was a future archmage who reached the official 8th grade at the age of only 22, so in terms of talent alone, he would be one of the best in the kingdom.
“Do well and come. Make sure to show your skills.”
As Sirone walked over to the measuring device, the murmur of the flue died in an instant.
The light of District 73, a symbol of the rebels.
It was the moment when his true face was revealed.
“Whoa.”
Sirone caught her breath and put her hands in the liquid.
As the tense atmosphere weighed on his heart, he strained his eyes and entered the Spirit Zone.
Phew!
The liquid in the barrel couldn’t boil and gushed out like a fountain, splashing water in all directions.
“uh? uh uh uh?”
The Norse raised their heads while making strange noises.
It was over 4 meters tall.
“Nonsense… … .”
Affinity 42%.
I had never seen or heard of such a high level in Norse history.
“What, what? Isn’t it broken?”
Every Norse knows that such a thing is not going to happen.
This is because, unlike the Mecha tribe’s technology that malfunctions, the reaction of matter does not lie.
Even so, the reason I wanted to turn a blind eye to the results was because Sirone’s numbers far exceeded those of the current commander, Resis.
Reisis was silent, slightly furrowing her brow.
’42 percent? Is this a reasonable number?’
Unless you’re learning ancient magic, 42 percent might be just a number.
However, in terms of affinity for magic, that is, talent, it was an unrivaled lumber.
cried the bald head.
“There’s something wrong with this! How can 42 percent come out? It’s not realistically possible!”
Some Norse sympathized with him.
As Resis’ aides, they were at a disadvantage when her power was weakened.
“that’s right! No, even if 42% is true, it’s just potential for Sirone who doesn’t know ancient magic! I can’t admit it!”
“Our commander is Raysis!”
Sirone licked his lips while dipping his hand into the liquid.
To be honest, I didn’t expect the numbers to be this high.
However, he was not foolish enough to give up the opportunity that suddenly came to him to help Resis face up.
When I looked back to agree, Flew raised the corners of her mouth and gave a thumbs up.
“Crush it.”
Turning her head again, Sirone opened the immortal function with all her might.
The water level in the glass tube began to rise rapidly.
70 percent. 80 percent. 90 percent.
“Huh? uh uh uh?”
The heads of the Norse were completely vertical.
finally puong! The glass tube ruptured, and the silver liquid splashed brilliantly.
It was as Sirone expected.
The immortal function, in which the spirit spreads to the whole world, was not something that could be measured with a mere standard of affinity.
“Whoa, are you done now?”
nobody spoke up
There was only one thought running through the heads of everyone watching him.
Nephilim.
—————————————

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-425.txt
=============YYYYY=============
[425] Definition of creature (1)
Returning to the Commander’s Office, Reisis put on her red cloak and was lost in thought.
The aide who entered after her noticed and asked cautiously.
“Commander, how is Sirone treated… … ?”
It wouldn’t have mattered if they showed the Nephilim’s ability from the beginning.
Because the Nephilim are such beings.
However, Syrone itself has already exceeded the potential of Reisis.
This will affect the Norse rebels who believe in the Spirit Force in one way or another.
It was a tricky problem for Raysys to deal with.
‘I knew you didn’t trust me, but I never thought they’d stab me in the back like this.’
“Here, Commander. instructions… … .”
The aide spoke again impatiently.
Currently, the outside is full of emotions wondering about Sirone’s position.
As time passed, the thoughts of doubting the absolute status of Reysis inevitably increased.
“Knock-knock-knock!”
Reisis raised her head and smiled, and the aide made a puzzled expression.
She stopped laughing and turned to the aide.
“I finally found the perfect factor to compensate for my flaws.”
“Then Sirone… … .”
“Yes, it absorbs. Sirone’s mighty Spirit Force will become a vessel that can accept the characteristics of any creature. I can’t miss this opportunity.”
The aide rolled his eyeballs here and there.
He saw Sirone’s Spirit Force with his own eyes, so there was no room for disagreement.
But Sirone is a symbol of the rebels.
If public opinion were to go bad, there was room for the cause that had been built so far to collapse in an instant.
Reisis raised an eyebrow and said.
“I know what you are thinking.”
“sorry. However, it is also dangerous for the commander.”
Reisis fluttered her cloak and turned around.
“We create clones by culturing a genetic sample of Sirone. I’ll do a clinical test on Sirone’s clone, and when I’m certain, I’ll absorb it.”
“Is it possible? Sirone is not a subject. Human cloning is a very sensitive field, and even the slightest difference in genetic sequence is likely to fail.”
Although subjects and imitations are the same human beings, they have been passed down through independent generations, with exchanges cut off for a long time.
Even if the number of chromosomes is the same, if the arrangement has changed during evolution, the probability of implantation normally in the incubator for cloning is low.
“Even if it were possible, it might just waste the black elixir.”
“Whoops, no need to worry. Humans are also machines. There are many ways depending on how you design it. I’m already looking forward to it. What abilities can I equip Sirone with?”
Resis made an ecstatic expression and let her imagination run wild, then returned with a fierce look.
“We deal with the military community. I need the genes of many monsters to combine with Sirone’s clone. However, this time only with the powerful ones. Whatever the trait, only the strongest traits are selected and combined.”
“All right.”
When the aide lowered her head and left, Reisis sat on the sofa, crossed her legs, and flicked her red tongue.
Experimenting on the human body of a Nephilim is unprecedented, but if successful, the gains are limitless.
“Whoa, whoa, that sounds like a lot of fun.”
It was a gamble of a lifetime.
* * *
Sirone has been promoted to leader of the riot police, a special unit under the 2nd Command.
Unlike the 1st and 2nd, the 3rd Mobile Squadron to which he belonged was a group that carried out the commander’s direct orders, and the members were also the most elite with over 20% of the Spirit Force.
Fleur, who assisted Sirone and became the vice-captain of the 3rd Mobility Corps, glanced at the three members.
Being the commander of the riot squad was a vertical rise in status, but I couldn’t erase the feeling of being watched.
“It’s kind of annoying. I mean those things.”
“It was to be expected. Ever since I opened Immortal Function.”
Raysis promised to form an alliance with the First Command on the condition that Sirone be incorporated into the Second Command, but the uncomfortable part remained.
Rather than fully trusting her, he decided that it would be better to lay a foundation to shake the power in case of an emergency.
“It is, but… … .”
When Fleur turned her head, the three members of the crew who were watching Sirone hurriedly looked away.
With that alone, he seemed to know roughly what kind of orders he had received from Reis.
‘It must be difficult to shake off during the mission. If there is a chance, is it night?’
While Flew was lost in thought, Jo Won approached.
He was a tall man with a long philtrum, and although he was a subordinate in terms of position, his gaze was extremely overbearing.
“Commander, the first mission has been handed down from the upper level. On the Highlands of Corruption… … .”
“for a moment. Why are you on assignment?”
Flew stopped talking.
“Haven’t we heard? The reporting system is messed up. The leader is definitely Sirone.”
The man kept his mouth shut without a change in his expression, but as the silence grew longer, he lowered his head as if he couldn’t do anything about it.
“sorry. It seems that a misunderstanding has occurred. Because I was the leader before. We will report it to the higher up and correct it so that this does not happen in the future.”
When he bowed down and entered, Flu could no longer be aggressive.
In any case, since we have to move together for the time being, it would be best not to make things that tickle the back of our heads.
“okay. keep talking On the Highlands of Corruption?”
A drone translated Flew’s words.
There was no problem with casual conversation, but he wasn’t quick enough to give instructions in an urgent war.
“There are ancient ruins in the Highlands of Corruption. The rebels call it the ‘Tomb of the Angel’. It may have once been a place where angels came in and out, but now it is simply neglected.”
The history of heaven is a story of a very distant past to the extent that it belongs to a myth to mankind.
But even in such a paradise, ancient times existed, and Sirone and Fleur were intrigued.
“Hmm, what should I do when I go there?”
“Since the ancient ruins are sealed by angels, only angels and Nephilim are allowed to enter. And among the rebels, the only Nephilim still alive is Chief Sirone.”
“Aha, that’s right.”
I could feel Raysis’ will to thoroughly use what was to be used while keeping watch as it was.
I don’t know the relationship between the Norse and wizards, but according to her words, it was definitely a wizard-like mindset.
“good. Then let’s go.”
The ancient ruins of Heaven must have information that would be useful for this project, regardless of personal interest.
‘You have to do this much. Because the seniors are on a more dangerous mission.’
As the spirit of light, Ellizer, was activated, the 3rd Task Force was sent to the plateau of corruption.
* * *
Armin, Shiina, Etela, Kuan.
Moving as a team of four, they camped out in the forest and returned to the mainland early in the morning.
The first impression of the mainland was reminiscent of the World’s Fair where they were.
There was no unified standard, and bizarre creatures were roaming the streets.
The styles of the buildings arranged in a row along the street vary greatly. As if to represent the flow of the times, there was a row of huts, timber houses, brick houses, and mechanical buildings.
“Wow, that’s really cool. You won’t see anything like this anywhere.”
Ethella spoke with an innocent smile, but there was no reply.
It wasn’t revealed when the 10 members of the team gathered together, but when there were only four people left, the distance between Shiina and Armin was felt more clearly.
The one who was disturbed was Shiina.
I thought Armin would tell me first. He was at least able to explain why he was able to follow him to heaven.
‘You said you left the ivory tower?’
If it was that easy, why didn’t I tell you beforehand?
Even before the question was over, Shiina could not stand the tantrum and opened her mouth.
“are you okay?”
Ethella, who was struggling to liven up the atmosphere, suddenly shut her mouth, and after a while, Armin answered.
“what do you mean?”
“I mean Keira. What happened?”
“… … .”
It was a story that could never be told to Shiina.
But even aside from that, keeping your mouth shut this time was a courtesy to Keira.
“Are you going to leave the ivory tower?”
Keira glared at Armin with fearful eyes.
I wasn’t shocked because I had already expected it. The problem is, Armin is bound by the ivory tower and the oath of pact.
The condition of the agreement oath, which is the ability of the regular eater, is triggered when the oath is torn, and magic cannot be cast forever.
So Keira took out the oath of the agreement.
At the end of the document, Armin’s signature was clearly engraved.
Since it was the signature he had taken Shiina as a hostage from the beginning, he hoped not to tear it as much as possible, but if he wanted to go to death, this was also one way.
“If you go, your relationship with us will end there. If that’s okay with you, get out of this room.”
Armin smiled softly.
He had never shown a smile, so Keira realized it was a goodbye.
“Thank you for that time.”
Although he didn’t show it, Armin knew that Keira had done a lot for him.
“joy! Don’t try to convince me. Don’t act like you’re the only one suffering! Or what? Are you going to stop time again and run away?”
Armin shook his head.
“You can’t use stop magic like that. Because I, who consumed the timeline, am just a burden.”
“What does it matter? Anyway, if I tear up the oath, you’re nothing. I’m just a blind man who can’t even go to the bathroom by himself!”
“Then it is unavoidable. You’ve only been causing trouble so far, so you can do as you please in the end.”
Armin walked towards the door.
Take a picture when you grab the doorknob and turn it! snap! I heard the sound of paper tearing.
Armin looked back in surprise.
The conditions of the oath were fulfilled, but the target was not himself.
“Keira… … .”
Her signature was engraved on one of the oaths that fell to the floor like petals.
Another agreement oath.
Her oath of pact, which she had to take from the Ivory Tower to keep tabs on Armin, is now destroyed.
“go. Because with this, the situation has been established. If you like her that much, go!”
“Keira, I… … .”
“Don’t come any closer!”
Keira shouted.
I didn’t want to remain a miserable figure who received sympathy until the end.
“Go to heaven and protect her. but… … .”
Keira raised her tear-stained face.
“Come back alive. Protect her, and come back alive. You bastard son of the world!”
Armin turned around without a word.
Keira is also an ivory tower wizard recognized by the world.
She never thought that what she had achieved was less than her own.
“I will definitely pay you back.”
Armin, who cast the flicker magic, disappeared in an instant.
Armin’s party arrived at the front gate of the military community on the outskirts of the mainland, aka ‘Night Mang’.
The term military complex boasted an enormous scale, and smoke was rising from all the chimneys towering over the walls.
“I don’t think you need to ask any more.”
Armin walked to the front door.
He brought a drone in case of emergency, but Armin had nothing to use because he was learning the language of Heaven.
“excuse me. this is… … .”
The bodyguards guarding both sides of the main gate closed the gap and blocked the way.
He was wearing a tight suit that was not seen in the original world and wearing glasses studded with black eggs.
“Stop. Who are you?”
“I am here with a request. Can I meet the person in charge?”
As the front door opened, about 10 bodyguards dressed in the same suit blocked Armin’s way with expressionless faces.
“Go back. My brother is in a bad mood today.”
“I’m sorry about that. But we don’t have a lot of time either. Please tell me at least for now.”
A bodyguard with a strong build approached, stroking his fist.
“I don’t mind. Guys, do you know where this is?”
As more than 10 bodyguards spewed out their lives all at once, the energy of a bad temper attacked Armin and his party.
‘This… … .’
All four realized at the same time.
A temperament that could never be felt in the original world.
“Be careful.”
Kuan said as he drew his sword.
“These are not humans.”
—————————————

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-426.txt
=============YYYYY=============
[426] Definition of creature (2)
Plateau of Corruption.
A strong, sulfur-smelling wind blew across the desolate plain.
There was not a single blade of grass on the empty ground, and dark clouds stretching all the way to the horizon spewed out lightning.
It was a dry, dreary, empty place.
The 3rd Special Task Force crashed on the light. It was a violent landing that was incomparable to the Elijah I had experienced so far.
Shirone rolled on the floor feeling that she had been knocked over by an uncontrollable force.
“Aw, that’s the head. Senior, are you okay?”
Sirone opened her eyes wide at the scenery around her.
Rectangular panels 4 meters high were erected in eight directions. Beyond the panel, two-meter-long needles were tightly packed all the way to the end of the line of sight.
As the lightning struck, powerful electricity flowed down the tributary and blasted the inside of the panels that encased them.
“This… … .”
Joe said.
“This is not a natural area where emotions gather. It is a device artificially designed to collect light.”
“Is it made by the Meccans?”
“Nobody knows who made it. Because it existed before the subjects lived in Heaven. Only the angels will know what happened in this forsaken land.”
Thunder struck again.
As the lightning split into thousands of prongs and absorbed into the ground, the ground glowed bluish as if it were infested with insects.
As a powerful white light popped out of the panel, Sirone gave instructions with a frown.
“Let’s get out of here. It could be dangerous to stay here any longer.”
The 3rd Special Task Force escaped the lightning strike area to avoid tens of thousands of needles.
Everyone has the ability to fly, but the air is a dangerous place in this environment.
The place they arrived at was a crater located four kilometers away from the well of light.
There was a hollow in the ground, as if something had fallen at a terrifying speed.
After going down to the center and sweeping the ground, an iron plate appeared. Something seemed to be buried deep in the ground.
“This is why it is called the tomb of angels.”
“That’s right. Over the centuries, numerous cults have tried to excavate these ruins. But it was all in vain.”
Joey pointed around.
“There was even a time when they tried to take out the whole area. But if you dig to a certain point, you’ll be electrocuted by the tributary. There are records of hundreds of people being slaughtered at the time.”
“After all, this seal must be lifted.”
Sirone took a closer look at the iron plate.
Although the shape was different, it was definitely henna, the language of angels.
So, a Nephilim might be able to open it. No, probably.
Sirone turned to Fleur.
Entering Immortal Function was no problem, but it was uncharted territory from now on.
“Let’s open it. If it’s dangerous, you can leave right away.”
Fleur wanted to go in.
The fact that heretics have risked their lives to excavate this place for centuries means that there is something of equivalent value underground.
Besides, Sirone had a scalpel teleport that allowed her to leave immediately, so she wouldn’t be easily attacked.
“Then let’s begin.”
When I put my hand on the steel plate and opened the immortal function, the henna shone and a huge glow radiated toward the sky.
As the crew stepped back, the echo from deep underground was transmitted through the soles of their feet.
“Sheesh! Let’s keep our distance first.”
When Jo Won said with a firm expression, Sirone also left the crater without a murmur.
Cuckoo Cuckoo!
As the iron plate vibrated, a vast amount of soil poured down and something began to rise.
“That one?”
The 3rd Special Task Force stared at the iron tower that was going up incessantly.
Emerging from the ground was a huge bell-shaped structure, with a sturdy metal surface filled with henna.
The bottom of the three-metre-tall structure split in half and the exit opened.
After waiting for a long time, Sirone flew and landed in front of the structure when there was nothing wrong.
Above the entrance swallowing the darkness, letters were engraved on an iron plate.
Since it wasn’t henna, Sirone flew a drone to detoxify it. Interpretation was sent to my head via radio waves.
Babel.
“bar… … bell?”
The crew muttered at the same time.
Only that letter was the language of the subjects, not the language of angels.
Flew looked back at the crew and asked.
“Babel. What do you mean?”
“I do not know. It’s the subject’s language, but it’s a word we’ve never heard before.”
It wasn’t particularly helpful information.
“Sirone, what are you going to do now?”
“Come in. After all, the purpose is exploration.”
Sirone, who moved first like a leader, cast Shining Magic and entered the entrance.
I saw a staircase going down, and through it went down endlessly, leading to a corridor.
Every 1 meter of the first step, the installed lights turned on and stretched out into the darkness.
Sirone stared blankly at the scene.
It stretches out endlessly. Calculated by distance, the size of the structure rising above the ground was just the tip of the iceberg.
The place we arrived along the road was a circular space, and on the iron plate above the entrance, the words “control room” were engraved in the language of the subjects.
“Hmm, the control room. You can understand this.”
Everyone went inside without anyone laughing at Jo Won’s joke.
As the lights flashed on, I could see devices that could only be seen in the Great World War of Jebul, connected through wires.
Beyond the device was a huge cone-shaped column. A pillar of the same shape was descending from the ceiling, and it was moving as if a lump of electricity was caught between the two vertices.
“I-that… … !”
The members of the crew were at a loss for words with shocked expressions on their faces.
A skein of light that is shaking without being able to keep the same shape even for a moment.
It was obviously an electric spirit that was known to be impossible to collect in a pure natural state.
Flew said, touching her chin from afar.
“Hmm, what is that? Is it the power source here?”
‘That’s stupid. It’s not that trivial.’
Everyone in the group laughed at Flew’s stupidity.
What they are seeing now is the rarest spirit in Purgatory, created by the singularity of the Plateau of Corruption, where lightning strikes every day, a device that collects it into a device of enormous scale, and timeless years.
The members carefully exchanged glances.
Due to the nature of the unit, they are often dispatched to foreign countries, and in this case, their own rules apply.
If a special item is obtained during a mission, the chief officer determines the treatment, and the principle is to distribute the reward differently according to the mission achievement.
It is unlikely that these items will be observed in the field, but there was no way to create greater deterrence other than this.
‘That’s mine.’
The crew members were thinking the same thing.
Since the mission has not yet been properly carried out, according to the regulations, it is a situation where you have to bring and offer the precious electric chisel to Sirone.
As for other items, the spirit of electricity was the greatest opportunity that could not be seized even if it took the lives of the entire rebel army.
“First check!”
Jo Won ran out while making absurd excuses.
“wait! If you approach it carelessly… … !”
Before Flew could finish his words, Jo Won ran to the spirit of electricity and held out his hand to make a contract.
‘done. As long as I have this… … !’
Has your heart ever beat so fast in your life?
The huge anticipation gave the thrill to the point of paralyzing the brain.
“I will make a contract!”
At the same time as he shouted, marbles shot from the walls on the left and right.
When the man reflexively covered his face, puffer puffer puck! My body shook as the sound exploded in succession.
“Big uh… … !”
Sirone looked around with a surprised expression.
The surface of the steel wall was grooved in the form of embossing as many as the number of protruding marbles.
Even so, not a single marble fell around the man.
It bounced off the wall and went into a groove in the opposite wall.
The fact that there was no error in the trajectory even after the collision was a testament to how powerful the marbles were fired.
‘I couldn’t even react. It penetrated everything.’
thud! The man’s knees hit the floor.
Then, as the two arms came down weakly, a face with a hole was revealed, just like the shape of the wall.
Everyone raised their guard even more.
Mourning the death of a comrade was postponed until later when he left this place alive, and for now, he focused on the situation that was at hand.
“You said it was the c*ckpit. But why are the traps set?”
“It’s not a trap.”
Empty! Empty! Empty! Empty!
As soon as Sirone finished speaking, the walls of the c*ckpit were separated one by one.
It wasn’t a trap. The previous attack was nothing more than a procedure to rip out the fixed steel door.
On the inside of the wall where each section was divided, two-meter-tall steel golems were stuffed like corpses in coffins.
Then, a red light came on in his sunken eyes, and he grabbed the wall and walked out.
“Those who approach Babel will incur the wrath of God.”
The two members prepared the collective magic by taking the same action.
“Destroy with Gardin.”
Although it can only be used in special circumstances when lightning strikes, it is known to have the most destructive power among collective magic.
No matter how strong the steel golem was, it was worth fighting in a place where the spirit of electricity was standing still.
“Back off! I will destroy it!”
Contrary to what was said, the members of the crew stretched out their hands toward the front without even giving Sirone and Fleur a chance to escape.
“Goes! Gardin!”
Sirone flinched and stopped moving, and Flew also looked back at Jowon with puzzled eyes.
Contrary to the grandiose shouts, no magic was cast from their hands.
“What, what? Why is Jung… … .”
Collective magic is impossible if the spirit force is not properly connected. But not even a bit of electricity was gathering.
Sirone murmured.
“It is not an electric spirit.”
“Punish those who approach Babel.”
The golems uttered a mechanical voice and scattered, each aiming for a different target.
“Fight! All ready!”
Flew took out a phoenix and slammed it on the ground, casting a phoenix.
A hot ball of fire spread in all directions and hit the golem, but the metal body was not shocked.
So, the Norse members, who could cast wind magic in an enclosed space, could do nothing but avoid the Golem’s attack.
“Sirone! Destroy it with a laser!”
Fleur called for backup, but Sirone seemed to be stuck in place as if he hadn’t heard.
“Sirone! What are you doing? Dangerous!”
Five golems walked, shaking the ground.
A shadow grew on Sirone’s face, and a huge fist flew.
Woo woo woo!
The ground rumbled.
It wasn’t the vibration of the c*ckpit, it was the trembling caused by the stop of the forty golems.
Sirone looked at the golem’s fist that stopped right in front of her nose, then raised her gaze.
The golem’s red eyes were blinking rapidly as if calculating something.
Target Category – Human.
Attribute – Nephilim.
Code Search – Iris Pattern Identification.
Data Retrieval – Phase 1. complete. Phase 2. complete.
result… … .
result… … .
result… … .
A tremendous amount of data stored in the golem was retrieved and a single piece of information was derived.
thud! thud! thud! thud!
At the same time, all the golems extinguished their red eyes and fell forward.
The weight was so great that the interior shook enough to give the illusion that the structure might collapse.
“what? Why all of a sudden… … ?”
While the rest of the crew members were unable to move from their seats, Fleur, who was enjoying the phoenix, approached Sirone and asked.
“What happened? Why did the golem collapse?”
“I don’t know either.”
“You don’t know? But why didn’t you attack?”
Actually, Sirone was thinking about that too. Why didn’t he feel threatened by the golem?
‘Just like back then… … .’
As the Behemoth merged with the incarnation, the tangible memory disappeared, but only the feeling of unity remained, and it is still the case now. Some emotions, not words, conveyed the situation.
“Sir, I don’t know why, but… … .”
Sirone looked back at Fleur with a bewildered expression.
“I… … I think I’ve been here once.”
—————————————

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-427.txt
=============YYYYY=============
[427] Definition of creature (3)
In front of the front gate of the county community.
“Cheuk, you shrank a lot. What to do with these?”
“Kill what? No, should I take you alive?”
The voices of the bodyguards were thin and muddy, as if muscles were attaching to the throat.
But more surprising than that was the aura they radiated.
Whether it’s a sword, fangs, or claws, when you face a creature with the intent to kill, you feel a strong energy, but each person’s temperament is different.
a killer? beast of prey?
The energy transmitted from them was completely different from that.
unknown creature. Or, something that is a complicated mix of existing organisms.
‘I can’t be embarrassed this time either.’
Kuan was ready to jump out at any moment.
When they reveal their true colors, they shoot external gravity in three directions.
Slash the ones on the left first, then accelerate with the feedback and wipe out the remaining ones faster than that.
Tick. Tick. Tick.
A faint sound reached Kuan’s ears so that it could not be noticed by non-schema users.
It was the sound of long nails being pulled out of the right hand of the bodyguard who was confronting Armin.
“Everybody stop moving!”
Loud shouts erupted from beyond the front door.
Quan immediately put his feet on the ground and rotated to neutralize external gravity, but it was only after he had tasted his black blood.
chin! chin!
The heads of the two bodyguards standing to the left fell.
Shiina felt a shudder when Kuan, who had been standing by her side until a moment ago, was already in the enemy camp.
I couldn’t even recognize when he was moving or what he was doing.
While most swordsmen use propulsion to ambush, Kuan rather moves through suction.
Rapid acceleration that does not even require preparation or warm-up.
I thought it was fortunate that Kuan wasn’t my enemy.
“This bastard! I will kill you!”
When the bodyguards, who witnessed the death of their comrades, rushed in, Quan also raised his sword horizontally and prepared to face it.
“Stop it, you children! Didn’t you hear my brother?”
The action of the bodyguards stopped for a moment.
There was no significant change in appearance yet, but the face was distorted to the point of approaching a monster.
The iron door opened with a click and a tall, middle-aged man walked out.
She was wearing a coat with long, soft fur like a mink, and a terrified weasel’s face was stuffed on both shoulders.
Her hair fell to her shoulders and was disheveled, and Al was wearing black glasses with pointed tips.
It is not an exaggeration to say that he occupied all the hunting grounds near the mainland, it was Frank Wine, the leader of the night blind.
Armin walked towards him and asked.
“Are you in charge of this place?”
“Hmm.”
Frankwine stroked his beard and looked at Armin, then smiled, revealing sparsely studded gold teeth.
“They are hot-blooded young people. Yes, I’m the captain here. Why did you find me?”
“I have something to ask the military community.”
“aha! So, I mean, let’s do business. Yes, business is a must. Come in, come in.”
“older brother! They killed 2 of my colleagues! Are you going to let me in like this?”
Frankwine looked back at the two corpses with their heads cut off neatly and shrugged.
“What’s wrong? When men fight with each other, they die, and what else, yes, their heads are cut off. What are you fussing about?”
“But brother… … !”
Frankwine’s face crumpled in irritation.
“Are you going to keep vomiting at my words? are you dead it’s not are you alive Then don’t care whether others die or not, go and do your job properly.”
The bodyguards looked back at Armin and the others and gritted their teeth. However, in the end, he could not resist and had no choice but to open the way.
Violent, absolute.
It was the first impression of the night blindness that Armin received.
Frank Wein gave a brief introduction to the factories on the way to the office.
I guessed it, but when I saw it with my own eyes and heard it in words, the scale was truly vast.
They were dealing with everything from colors and weapons made from elixirs to consumables and medicines needed for hunting.
‘It’s definitely different from the enemies I’ve met so far.’
Feeling wary, Armin hinted at it.
“Thank you for your time. I heard you’re busy.”
“Oh, I drank too much yesterday. I didn’t feel well. But what if you play? Anything cheaper than shit? Kuck.”
Frankwine proudly opened the office door, like a hotel manager in Armin’s world.
It was a cramped room where c*ckroaches would feel comfortable, and the wallpaper was stinking with cigarettes and alcohol.
“Wait a minute, wait here. I’ll finish my work and come back.”
After sending Armin and his party into the office, Frankwine turned and entered the room at the end of the hallway.
A blond haired handsome man with an all-back shirt stretched out his long legs on the desk, then stood up in amazement.
“Ah, brother. Are you here?”
“What did I say? You said you would kill me if you sat at my desk one more time?”
“Who knew it would take? By the way, what about you bastards?”
The second-in-command of night blindness, Meat Gun.
There are over 300 employees in the munitions community, but Mitgan is the only competent person who dares to say that he protects Frankwine.
Frankwine put a crumpled cigarette in his mouth and lit it.
“It was worth it. Let’s leave it to the guys. Do you have the estimate from Laceys? Give it back.”
Meatgun pulled a piece of paper out of his inner pocket.
When Frankwine received it and opened it, the names of about 10 species of creatures were written on it.
It was divided into 1st and 2nd ranks, but they were all difficult to hunt.
“Geuk, I am crazy, but that woman is also insane. How are you going to get this? If you send her men, you won’t be able to find a bone.”
“But it is such an unconventional proposition. He said he would adjust the telomere level of 100 members to 5 levels.”
“Hmm, step 5.”
Telomere level refers to the sheer power to sustain life.
Therefore, it is a natural fact that the higher the telomere level, the stronger the combat power.
With a telomere level of 5, it was enough to enjoy a lifespan of 400 years under the premise that there was no explosive biological activity.
If you have 100 subordinates like that, the future of the night blind will be win-win.
However, what was curious was the reason why Raysis, who was vigilant with enemies everywhere, readily proposed unconventional conditions.
“What’s your plan, girl? I sent only the top species of the local food chain.”
In terms of survival, the species that best adapts to the environment survives, but that alone does not make it the best.
Organisms at the top of the pyramid of the food chain tend to have strong characteristics that cover all their weaknesses.
“I know it’s perverted, but isn’t it too individualistic? It would not be easy to combine with other creatures with such distinct characteristics.”
“It must have found a way. She’s an incredible woman, but she’s not clumsy. Also, the condition she presented will definitely help her night blindness.”
Frankwine crumpled up the note and stuck it in his pocket.
“So, do you think you should accept this deal?”
“yes. Whatever your thoughts on the other side, this is a great opportunity to increase the power of the Night Blind. If you have any ambitions to rule Purgatory, you must hold hands.”
Frankwine violently swung his arm and struck Meatgun in the chin.
Meat Gun’s body flew like a shell and crashed into the wall with a bang. As he fell to the floor while lying on his side, there was a huge crack in the wall.
As Mitgan stood up clutching his forehead, Frankwine opened the door and said as he walked out.
“If you sit in my chair one more time, I will kill you.”
thud.
The door is closed.
Armin and the others sitting in the office Frankwine guided us all frowned.
Another kind of fishy smell wafted through the stench of alcohol and cigarettes.
Shiina waved her hand fan and said.
“What the hell does this smell like?”
The men guessed, but remained silent.
Ethella tilted her head and said.
“Iknow, right. What kind of fish is this… … .”
Armin hurriedly changed the subject.
“It’s strange, by the way, that the head of the munitions community suddenly treats you with goodwill.”
Shiina had the same thought.
“I don’t think we should be careless. The bodyguards did too, but Frankwine’s temperament was really strange. Maybe a variable is occurring in a place we don’t know… … .”
Etella and Kuan also nodded.
But even if something happened elsewhere, they couldn’t know.
Frankwine entered with a cool smile.
“haha! I’m sorry. I’m a bit behind on work.”
Shiina asked as if she had been waiting.
“Why is the office so messy? And what the hell is this smell? Your head hurts.”
Frankwine looked at Shiina as if asking what he was asking, then burst into laughter as if realizing it.
“haha! Right! So, yesterday I played hotter than usual… … .”
Armin offered a seat.
“Sit down. I have something to tell you.”
Frankwine sat down shyly. But the calculations were running fast in my head.
Clearly, all four of them are outstanding talents. Even so, there are two innocent girls included.
A human figure that is not often seen in Purgatory, where survival is everything.
‘These are the guys from another world.’
If so, it’s rather easy to talk about. Frankwine wasn’t from Purgatory either.
“Yes, why did the scary people who wiped out two talented night blind men found such a shabby place?”
There is no way I can forget the death of my subordinate.
However, Frankwine’s feelings were not condolences, but were close to a very businesslike idea of earning even money for meat.
“I want to rent a factory in the military community.”
“Hoho, it’s coming out hard from the start. what are you going to make?”
Armin provided only the information necessary for the transaction.
The key is to make a large tagis.
They added that they would pay for all the accompanying elixirs and materials, and that they would pay for renting the factory with elixirs.
Frankwine licked his lips.
It’s not that I didn’t particularly like the offer. For merchants, all trades are golden.
I just felt that things were turning strangely.
A sudden estimate from Second Commander Reisis. And this time, to the request for the production of a large Targis, which the 1st Command is sure to be involved in.
‘Something happened on the rebel side.’
Armin emphasized again.
“The case will not disappoint.”
Frankwine got out of his mind and smiled broadly.
“If there’s something big like that, of course you’ll have to find us. Now I see you’re a giant. But, you can’t just use the elixir to run the factory. You know, we’ve been doing really well lately.”
“then?”
Elixir has a different use than currency, but it is the most commonly used item as a way to obtain something in the mainland.
Armin couldn’t understand Frankwine’s words that he couldn’t do it with the elixir alone.
“Hmm, what should I do with this?”
Frankwine pretended to be lost in thought, then went to his desk and scribbled something.
He tore the paper from the memo book and tossed it on the table in a crumpled condition, and Armin slowly unfolded it and looked at the contents.
A beam of light emanated from the bandages covering the eyes.
hunting list
1. Photosynthetic Monster Olkir – Hunting Rank A Class
2. Park Yo-jong Jeremont – Hunting Rank A
3. Transparent Ear Hororos-Hunting Rank B
4. Jinmai Sigjong Galtomic – Hunting Rank S Class
5. Infinite cell growth body Kenser – hunting rank S class
6. Kuzen the Devourer-Hunting Rank A
7. Musa, the King of Acid Poison – Hunting Rank B Class
8. Ringer of the sapphire mineral species – hunting rank double S
—————————————

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-428.txt
=============YYYYY=============
[428] Definition of creature (4)
Fleur couldn’t understand Sirone’s words.
“Have you ever been here?”
Babel is a place called the tomb of angels.
There was no possibility that Sirone, only nineteen years old, had come to a place that had been in heaven before its subjects even lived.
“Actually, I don’t know… … .”
“Hmm, is it like deja vu?”
Normally, you wouldn’t have to think deeply about it, but if you add the fact that the steel golems fell right before they attacked Sirone, it wasn’t something to be overlooked.
“Let’s go somewhere else for now. It is too dangerous here.”
“Wait. Are you going to leave it behind?”
Joon pointed to the electricity on the cone.
Even if it wasn’t an electric spirit, it was a waste to give up.
Flew thought the same, but it didn’t feel right.
Even the dead Jo Won was not a person with poor skills, but he couldn’t even react and his body was broken by a shotgun.
“Sirone, how do you feel?”
Sirone stared at the glowing electricity.
It wasn’t clear, but like something that had happened a long time ago, there was a vague impression.
‘Did I ever see that?’
Sirone’s mouth moved as he searched for memories of the past.
“Ultima.”
“huh? Sirone, what?”
“yes?”
Sirone turned his head with a surprised expression.
“What did you just mumble? Ultima?”
“what? Did I?”
Fleur nodded.
It must be true because she was so thorough that there was no way she could be mistaken, but I couldn’t really remember it.
“I’d like to take a look first.”
“You know it can be dangerous, right?”
“That’s why I think we need to check more. The device that controls Babel’s traps will also be in the c*ckpit.”
When I heard it, it made sense.
“good. But I will investigate.”
“Sir, that’s… … .”
“Listen to me. This kind of thing is originally done by the second person.”
No matter what the situation, only Sirone had to be saved, so Flew took the risk and approached.
When I took out the phoenix and gently applied it to the electricity, it made a crackling sound and grew angry, but there was no stimulation.
“Hmm, I don’t think it’s dangerous.”
Then, as if he had waited, Jo Won jumped up and grabbed the electricity with his hand.
“It’s mine!”
He was a man with a long philtrum who was tasked by Reisis to keep an eye on Sirone.
He may have been entrusted with such a mission because of his cool-headed personality, but he was just an ordinary human being in front of materialistic desires.
As the electrical energy began to be absorbed through his arm, he shouted, convinced that it was a spirit.
“Spirit, make a contract with me!”
A blue light spread across the c*ckpit, and the spirit’s power permeated the man.
His eyes flipped involuntarily as the grand idea filled his mind.
“Oh, it can’t be. this is so… … exorbitant… … .”
His face, which had been muttering in ecstasy, suddenly exploded with a pop.
Sirone and Fleur looked at the man whose face had disappeared in dismay.
“Stupid. No matter how much it is, what are you going to do if you don’t check it and bite it?”
It’s not because of a lack of patience. That’s how strong the Norse people’s desire for spirits was.
It was a psychology that could never be understood by Sirone and Fleur, who could activate magic anytime, anywhere through the Spirit Zone.
When Flew glared at the last member of the crew, he shook his head, raised his arms, and stepped back.
Nothing is more expensive than life, so it was an excellent choice.
“Sirone, are you going to do more?”
Fleur asked to stop, but Sirone was rather convinced by the man’s death.
Babel is a place sealed with henna. And it existed even before subjects were born.
“Those who came in and out of this place must have been angels or Nephilim. In other words, the immortal function is basic. The steel golem appeared because someone other than the Nephilim came in.”
Flu also thought that Sirone’s words would be right with a high probability when considering the circumstances.
However, since there were already two deaths, I couldn’t help but pay attention.
“Be careful though. There is such a thing as an emergency.”
Nodding her head, Sirone reached out for electricity.
There was no stinging feeling, and electricity rode up like a living creature through the fingertips.
“omg!”
Then I heard the sound of the wind in my head. It felt like my skull was being drilled with a drill.
The Ultima System – a cosmic integrated information system.
According to the number of laws, 1.
The concepts of the one-of-a-kind, one-of-a-kind numbers that do not overlap with anything else were scattered in my head at a speed close to light.
“Huh!”
Sirone realized why the man’s head exploded. Because his head seemed to be like that now.
When the Immortal Function was opened, a tremendous sense of liberation flooded in, and the concepts of Ultima escaped into the infinite passage.
My head was empty.
He felt that only a thin, blue ray of light connected him outside the passageway.
The last member of the group approached, swallowing saliva.
“What, what was that spirit?”
Sirone turned her head with a surprised expression.
“Tell me again.”
“Ah, I was wondering what the attribute of the spirit was.”
When I heard the man’s voice with the drone’s interpretation mode off, I was finally convinced.
I couldn’t understand the pronunciation, but the meaning of the words permeated into my head.
‘Who the hell made this system?’
The subject’s language was not a problem. Any symbols existing in the world could be integrated into a single signal and deciphered.
When Sirone pushed her hand into the cone, the electricity passed through the back of her hand and the mechanism was activated.
The flow of information was read as clearly as blood vessels.
“That must have been the steering device.”
At Fleur’s words, Sirone nodded and connected to the main circuit to search for Babel.
A bird’s-eye view of a structure so gigantic that it could be described as a castle came to mind freely as imagined.
thud! thud!
When the c*ckpit wall was opened, a tube-shaped glass tube appeared.
As it rotated at high speed, a red cylindrical light shot out.
“That’s the main elevator.”
An elevator on the same principle as in Arabot transported the three people 100 meters underground in an instant.
“Wow, that’s huge.”
It was a control room with acreage so wide that it was difficult to check the end.
A giant screen that seemed to be 10 times larger than the real thing floated in front of it, and a cone-shaped pillar like the one in the c*ckpit stood next to it.
Sirone pushed his hand in without being rough.
Why did I feel like I was here? Perhaps the answer lies here.
When I browsed the records in the control room with the Ultima system, the screen lit up.
Sirone searched calmly as if reading a book, but all kinds of pages were turning with afterimages on the screen that Flew saw.
At one point, the screen stopped, and strange letters that were neither henna nor the language of the subjects appeared slowly.
Only Sirone moved his pupils following the letters.
Through Ultima’s single signal, the meaning came through in a way he could understand.
Log: The Babel Project
Light Power Omega Year 133 – Gaia, the first human being, overcomes all biological difficulties such as gender, disposition, and personality for the first time since birth and achieves an integrated mental system.
Omega Year 187 – Gaia attempts to escape the photon world through the Ultima system, but fails due to the barrier of Ankera’s Akashic Records.
Omega Year 201 – Gaia begins war with Heaven. Conflict between the Ultima System and the Akashic Records.
Omega Year 387 – Anchera, 1st Reset Attempt. Stop Gaia with the Ultima system.
Omega Year 412 – Ankera, 2nd reset attempt failed.
Year 666 Omega – Gaia loses the final war. A 90 percent decline in the Gaian population.
Omega Year 689 – The first anti-war begins. Gaia succeeds in implementing Halo by analyzing the angel’s infinite algorithm.
Year 717 Omega – Gaia creates a strategic killing weapon to eliminate Anchera. called Babel.
Year 738 of Omega – Babel, mass production begins.
Year 777 Omega – Gaia loses the second war.
Omega Year 799 – Representative of Gaia (Records EXPUNGED), suggesting the possibility of a 2nd photon field exit.
Authorization permission from Ultima Systems.
Omega Year 892-(Record EXPUNGED), talks with Anchera. breakdown.
Omega 927 – Ankera dismantles the Ultima system with the sake of anecdote.
The Gaians were divided into Kergo, Nor, and Mecca.
Omega Year 987-(Records EXPUNGED), Ikael’s (Records EXPUNGED) announced to the subjects.
Heaven’s mayhem.
Omega Year 999 – Last Gaian (Records EXPUNGED), exiting the photon world.
record end.
‘What the hell is this… … .’
Sirone opened his mouth blankly.
Before the birth of the subjects, Gaia was a file that recorded the events between humanity and Ankera.
Having achieved an integrated information system, Gaia created an ancient weapon called Babel that could kill Ankera.
However, after losing the final war, it was a history of being separated into three races: Kergo, Norr, and Mecca.
Since the whole period seemed to be divided into percentages, there was no way to know how much time a year meant, but one thing was clear.
The last remaining Gaiain, that is, the one written on the screen as (record expunged) is the one who left this record.
‘There are two kinds of record expungements. One is the name of a Gaian, and the other is what Ikael said he had committed a great sin.’
The screen has been reset.
A line of sentences, probably engraved by the last remaining Gaian, flickered.
beyond infinity.
As Sirone stared at it, Fleur could not stand it and approached.
“what? Why are you looking at something you can’t understand?”
Sirone shook her head. Jo Won’s ears were jarring to reveal about the Ultima system.
“I will tell you later. There’s something I need to check first. Please follow me.”
When the control device was activated, the iron wall opened and a path was created.
Babel is at the end of that road. The strongest weapon created by the first humans to kill God.
‘What would it look like?’
After passing through the passage, a cavity resembling a uterus came out.
A ray of light was shining down like a spotlight, and something resembling a human was sitting there with bent knees.
It was a woman made of sleek black glossy metal, and wires that came down from the ceiling were connected in clusters.
Joe’s face went pale.
“Oh, you’re an angel… … .”
“no. It’s Babel.”
Fleur asked.
“Babel?”
“Babel is not the name of this place. It is a kind of ancient weapon that mimics the powers of angels.”
“What are you talking about? You’ve been saying weird things ever since. explain properly… … .”
Wheein!
Electricity flowed in as common facilities started operating.
The electricity supplied to Babel through dozens of wires has been transmitted through the Ultima system.
There is no problem with the power supply because it is a region where lightning strikes constantly, but even so, the output was enormous.
Babel’s body, which had absorbed the entire structure’s power, began to vibrate strongly.
Indeed, it was the process by which the fetus, which absorbed all of its mother’s nutrients through the womb, was finally born into the world.
The neck of the slender barbell was lifted upright, and the legs that had been kneeling stood up as if in a state of weightlessness.
With a height of more than 2 meters, a slender body, and blue wings extending, her beautiful face was revealed.
It looked very similar to someone Sirone knew.
“Ichael?”
A red light lit up in Babel’s eyes, and a halo of bright white light rotated above his head, and a high-frequency sound close to a roar was heard.
“Sir, Sirone. Let’s get out of here.”
Fleur shook her shoulders.
I felt the power beyond imagination to the extent that it is not an exaggeration to say that I imitated an angel.
‘Did the association president intend to fight something like this?’
The barbell floated about 1 meter in the air and captured the images of three people standing on the ground.
-Running the Babel program. Apply Kariel’s Algorithm.
-First goal: Punish the intruder.
Dismissed!
Babel’s appearance changed into a tangled form of electricity and disappeared. At the same time, the sword sharp as a blade stopped in front of Sirone’s face.
It was only after hearing the fingertips whine and make clear sounds that Sirone was able to recognize her situation.
As if fixed in space, her arms did not even move, and only Babel’s face slowly approached and looked at Sirone.
-warning! warning!
-Determination of non-attack in the upper algorithm.
-Cause analysis: Gaia code number 2 discovered. Exploration of application of Ultima system. Check application.
-Result: Absolutely inviolable target.
Babel, who was making eye contact with Sirone, slowly drew his capital and backed away with his metallic feet clattering.
-Reapplied Kariel Algorithm.
-Second Goal: Exterminate all subjects.
Hey hey hey!
As the halo rotated, Babel’s body lightly floated up.
As the three terrified men raised their heads, Babel’s body was entangled in electricity and went up through the ceiling with a roar.
“Huh!”
The three of them, centered in the shaky room, stared devastatedly at the neatly drilled circular hole.
Black Angel Advent.
—————————————

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-429.txt
=============YYYYY=============
[429] Opportunity for Revenge (1)
Team Cage B has arrived on the mainland.
As 21 wizards occupied the road and walked around, people opened the road by themselves.
Since there are no rules other than unwritten rules between communities, those living on the mainland have developed a strong sense of smell to an evolutionary level.
However, Cage Team B did not show off a sense of intimidation by giving strength to their shoulders.
Although the party consisted of 4th to 6th grade, most of them were young as they were the best talents in the kingdom, and among the 21 people, only team leader Rose, assistant team leader Horkin, and communication wizard Wagan were the only ones who had experienced heaven.
“Ah, ah.”
A small woman with bobbed hair and bangs tied up over her forehead scratched all over her body from start to finish.
Aroella of Flame, a certified 4th-class fire mage.
She is a hot woman who uses flames of up to 3,200 degrees Celsius, and while she has a rough personality, she has a unique history of having her entire property stolen three times by three men she has dated so far.
“Why are you so ticklish? Is the air bad here?”
Unable to bear it, she reached into her clothes and scratched the itchy spot herself.
Summoning wizard Malloy frowned and asked.
“I’ve been very concerned since before. Why do you keep rubbing your chest? Have you decided to be self-sufficient now?”
“no… … My armpit has been itchy since I came here. Beam, have you ever been bitten by a strange insect?”
Insect Wizard Beam’s answer was concise.
“It’s because I don’t shave.”
“You are funny! I don’t have hair!”
Cage Team B’s Terminator Tarban said.
“That’s even weirder.”
“shut up! I’m in the worst mood right now, don’t touch me! I’m afraid I’ll burn it!”
Tarban ignored Aroella’s words and looked back at the team leader, Rose.
“What are you going to do now? Do you know where Gaold is and find him? Why don’t we leave it to Jonah in the center of the city?”
Vice-team leader Horkin shook his head.
“Arthur. Even at the cage level, the mainland is not an easy place to see. If you unnecessarily open the Spirit Zone and get swindled by strange people, it will be difficult to carry out the mission.”
Meat addict Benifis said.
“Isn’t it time for you to retire from active duty, old man? They are the most elite troops in the kingdom that can defeat demons. Aren’t you going to notice?”
“A cage-level party can catch demons. But here, demons also unite like cages.”
A moment of silence ensued.
Team leader Rose said.
“Heaven is a dangerous place. In particular, our target is Mikea Gaold, the best battle mage in the kingdom.”
Mysore Mami made an impression. She had a hysterical impression with irregular teeth and prominent cheekbones.
“What do you mean? No matter how Gaold, you can’t catch a demon by yourself. We are not pushed behind in combat power.”
said Horkin.
“Demons and humans are different. There are ways to attack demons according to logic, but humans have too many variables. and… … .”
Horkin’s face turned cold as he turned to Mami.
“Catch it by yourself, Gaold.”
Saliva trickled down Mami’s throat.
said Rose.
“The best outcome is to eliminate Gaold without sacrificing anyone on the team. But it’s not particularly strange when someone dies. It’s not like I’m playing a numbers game like it’s first class. Gaold is special.”
It was only then that the team members’ faces revealed their spleen determination.
It was the first time in years of working together that the team leader put the target first.
Tarvan, on the other hand, did not look nervous at all. It doesn’t make sense if he, who uses the most destructive magic on the team, shrinks before even fighting.
“If I can’t get into the Spirit Zone, I have no choice but to run with my feet.”
Tarvan suddenly turned and headed into the alley.
Since there was no one who did not know that he had been followed after arriving here, the team members also followed without muttering.
As we entered the alley, armed men appeared.
It was as many as Team B in Cage, and their eyes sparkled with life.
“What are you?”
The spirit wizard White connected the spirit channel and translated Tarvan’s words, but the armed robbers were not surprised.
The man who was the leader drew a sharp-edged sword and approached Tarvan as if it were natural.
“You don’t know who we are. I recognized it from the time I was looking around like a country boy. Did you think that it would be safe to gather in groups?”
On the mainland, where numerous lifestyles and organisms are mixed, information is just as important as force.
If it was a first trip to the mainland, it was such a good prey that the first to occupy it would be the owner.
“You ask because I don’t know. What are you?”
“Cheuk, then I’ll give you some particularly good information. First, when someone calls from the mainland, they immediately run and kneel. Second, give everything you have. Third, he runs away with all his might, leaving the woman behind. Now, do it.”
Tarvan looked back at his teammates.
Seeing that no one wanted to step out, he sighed and approached the robber.
“Ha, here or there… … .”
5 minutes after that.
Twenty robbers were lying on the floor of the alley with their faces smashed one by one.
They were clumsy bastards who didn’t even need to use Tarban’s long-term Kaiser Blast.
“Huh! Yes, save me… … !”
Tarban grabbed the leader by the collar and lifted him up.
“Let’s ask one thing.”
“yes yes! Whatever I know, no, even if I don’t know, I will definitely bring it to you!”
I was about to laugh out loud.
At least, the change of attitude seemed to be quicker than the intensity of the original world.
Communication wizard Wagan smiled brightly and opened his vision with magic in front of the leader.
When Gaold’s face came to mind, even the blood disappeared from the terrified leader’s face.
“Have you seen this person?”
“Ah, uh, that… … .”
From the leader’s reaction, Cage Team B realized. He had seen Gaold before.
Spirit Mage White approached.
“You got caught, Tarvan.”
“Sheesh, I was already counting.”
Tarvan’s words may have been false, but considering the current result, it is natural.
The bottom layer of the mainland food chain that only beginners are aiming for.
If he didn’t even have the ability to measure his opponent’s capabilities, Gaold would have been followed.
“Hey, you. Tell me everything you know.”
The leader’s head spinning rapidly after hearing White’s words was transmitted through the mental channel.
‘The value of the information you have. Weighing lives and costs.’
“I-I don’t know anything. but… … .”
White didn’t even listen to the leader and turned around and went back to his teammates.
“it’s over. Let’s have a meeting.”
As Tarvan grinned and raised his fist, the leader, realizing that things were out of order, exclaimed in despair.
“Sleep, wait! I saw the truth! I saw it!”
“know.”
The leader’s face was smashed into a wall.
Tarvan stood up, clenched his fists, and turned to Horkin.
“It’s cool. Isn’t it too shabby for a place where demons roam like cages?”
Just as Horkin was about to answer, a group of people appeared at the end of the alley.
Feeling the presence, Tarvan turned his head, and unlike before, Tarvan’s eyes sank calmly.
‘What are those things?’
“huh?”
Ethella was walking while looking at the hunting list given by Frankwine, but raised her head with a strange feeling.
21 personnel were occupying the alley.
Quan put his hand on the handle of the sword without a word. Just looking at the aura they gave off, they were all masters of their own organs.
Tension soared as if it would explode, and dozens of gazes quickly explored each other.
Tarvan had to pick up the words he had just spoken.
I thought it was a place where people lived, but it was the mainland where people who didn’t look like these people could come across in the alleys.
Horkin touched his beard with a curious smile.
‘Hmm, what should I do with this?’
For those who want to go out, this is a dead end.
If you’re not going to fight, you’ll have to back up and clear the way, but no one on Cage Team B would do anything ridiculous like that.
Realizing that he had no intention of getting out of the way, Kuan slowly moved forward.
limp.
The eyes of 21 people simultaneously looked up at Kuan’s legs.
‘Are you going to try it alone? Aren’t you crazy?’
If it’s not to hug and kiss, isn’t there a reason to come from a blocked road?
‘It’s funny. If you want to leave, you guys go back.’
When Tarban exhaled hostility as if blocking access, Kuan’s temperament was amplified in an instant, as if a chemical reaction was taking place.
“wow… … .”
Someone on the team burst into exclamations.
The corners of Tarvan’s mouth trembled, too, to the extent that he didn’t even think of scolding him.
‘Living once kills.’
There is no such thing as a friendly life, but if you do it without hesitation, it means that you have already made up your mind.
‘Yeah, I think I have to work at this level.’
Quan approached, limping with an even stride. Even so, his eyes contained half a tar without blinking.
‘One step forward.’
When that time comes, I have no choice but to call.
Time came in an instant, and Kuan’s feet crossed the line of death. At the same time, Horkin opened his mouth after a long pause.
“Don’t do that… … .”
At the same time that Kuan’s sword drew an afterimage, Tarvan’s body turned into a flash of light and was pushed away.
“Pooh!”
The swordsman’s physical reaction speed is faster than that of a wizard. It was a sword that worked so fast that it might have had a different result if Horkin hadn’t exactly cut off the pulse.
‘Did you avoid it? No, was it cut?’
The bridge of his nose was cold as if it were frozen.
It could be wind pressure, or it could be an actual cut. However, it was a shame to check it with my hands.
“uh? Are you from the continent by any chance?”
Ethella pointed at Horkin with a surprised expression.
Cage Team B, who heard the familiar language, also softened a little.
Of course, that is never a reason to get out of the way or to go back the way you came.
However, all 25 people in the alley had a hunch that it was best to end the situation well through a common ground less than dust.
The resourceful Horkin came to the fore.
“Oops, you didn’t recognize that you were a person from the same area and built up a bloodline. Nice to meet you. Are you on a mission too?”
Ethella shook hands with Horkin and smiled kindly.
“yes. At least, we almost got into a fight on the same side.”
‘Whoops, are you on the same side?’
The corners of Horkin’s mouth rose slightly.
Even seeing 21 wizards gathered, they weren’t so low that they couldn’t be reminded of Cage.
‘Are you from the Red Line?’
Wagon jumped on the reconciliation mood and approached. Of course, it was an action based on complex psychological calculations.
“I was looking for someone. Have you ever seen someone like this?”
When Gaold’s face appeared in the magical vision, Ethella opened her eyes wide in surprise and said,
“what? Isn’t this Mikea Gaold?”
Shiina added.
“I know you are the president of the Tormia Magic Association. But why are we looking for this person on the mainland?”
‘Hmm, that’s it… … .’
Horkin blinked and thought.
To be precise, he is the ‘former’ president of the Tormia Magic Association.
‘You really don’t know? It doesn’t feel like I’ve been on the mainland for a long time. Well, it hasn’t even been a month yet.’
Tarvan said curtly.
“it’s nothing. It’s just what the mission requires.”
If they met in a place like this anyway, there was a high probability that they were carrying out a classified mission, so it was an atmosphere to refrain from inquiring deeply.
“yes. then.”
Etella bowed her head, showing the courtesy of refusing to pay attention. Now it was a request to get out of her way.
There was a slight backlash in the hearts of the younger members of Cage Team B, but Rose cleared the room with a cold voice.
“I’ll open it.”
Cage Team B moved left and right, and Armin and his party escaped between them.
Most of them were wary of making eye contact, but Aroella of Fire was glaring at Shiina until the very end.
‘That woman is definitely frozen. Are you sure.’
It was Aroella’s subjection that being in a bad mood for no reason was the only natural enemy of flame, but strangely, the hit rate was high.
As Armin and the others disappeared from view, Rose immediately turned to White and asked.
“how is it?”
“How are you? Of course it’s a failure. Everyone blocks their thoughts so nothing is read. But it was a situation where I couldn’t attack aggressively.”
Rose was not disappointed and moved on to the next case.
“From that man?”
said White, turning to the robber’s leader.
“It is true that you tailed Gaold. However, it seems that Gaold did not respond and immediately left the mainland. There are two people in the group, one is Gangnan and the other is a woman I don’t know.”
“A woman you don’t know? Hmm.”
Although Zulu is the world’s best summoning wizard, few people know his face because he is a wizard from a foreign country and has a very closed personality.
“But it is strange. Wouldn’t there be no reason to stop here if you left the mainland right away?”
“According to his recollection, he never entered the building or took a break. As soon as I arrived, I was out of there within an hour.”
“Right. Finding the reason will be the fastest way to reach Gaold. From now on, we will trace back the movement.”
When Rose left the alley, the rest of the team followed suit.
Then Horkin suddenly stopped and looked back down the road.
“Inspiration, why is that?”
“The woman who shook my hand. I must have seen her somewhere, but I can’t remember. I don’t think she was out of the wizarding world.”
Tarban didn’t think much of it.
“If you had that level of skill, you would have seen it anywhere. Anyway, let’s go quickly. Because I am starving to death.”
“… … .”
Horkin’s gaze, following Tarvan, lingered for a long time on the path where Etela and the others had disappeared.
—————————————

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-43.txt
=============YYYYY=============
Please enable JavaScript
[Translator – Anwen]
Chapter 43
The next day.
Shirone headed to the training grounds early in the morning. There were an unusual amount of students already there.
‘Everyone is thinking the same, I see.’
He was more motivated than ever to start training in preparation for the practical evaluation.
The test subjects varied per class, but the class which Shirone belonged had targeting, a.k.a the evaluation called Speed Gun.
“Ugh! I guess today I’ll practice for Speed Gun until I die. It’s the subject I’m least confident in. Target types are lucky, they’ll have the advantage.”
“Not necessarily. The Target Form works best against a small number of targets, but during the evaluation, there will be a lot of them. Wouldn’t it be better to convert to Offensive Form and explode them at random?”
“Then you’ll get tired early. Still, it’s either Offensive Form or Target Form. No one would ever use the Deviate Form. How would they catch up with all the targets?”
“There are exceptions. I mean, look at Yiruki. Won’t he use the Deviate form again?”
“Haha! No way, unless he’s an idiot. But aside from that, I’m curious about Shirone. He’s strong in actual live practice. Is he going to find a breakthrough using the Defense Form?”
Though they were not top-rankers, Shirone and Yiruki were often mentioned.
The expectation was that they would show an exceptional performance at a decisive moment.
Though, it was also not unreasonable to think that Yiruki would cause a disaster this time around.
On the other hand, Shirone wanted to cry.
Strong in live practice? As if. He hadn’t even successfully cast the Photon Output yet.
“Ugh, what do I do? I’m getting antsy.”
At that moment, the other side of the training ground suddenly grew noisy.
The girls were the first to notice the sound of a dog barking. The boys, who belatedly noticed it as well, ran towards the noise.
“What the… How did it get in?”
“Must be a dog from the mountains. But why’s it barking like that?”
As people started gathering around it, the dog started getting defensive and growled. It bore its teeth.
Then the students from Class 7 started throwing stones.
“Hey! Get out of here! You’re making our days worse!”
The upper class didn’t even try to stop them.
They thought that since the dog was hostile to people, it was no different from a wild beast.
Conversely, Shirone, who had been listening carefully to the dog’s howling, ran to the dog with a surprised expression.
“Wait a minute! Stop throwing stones!”
Mark moved quickly.
“Hey, HEY! You guys are going too far! Your upperclassman is telling you to stop.”
While the students from Class 7 stood frozen, Shirone strode towards the dog.
Mark followed behind.
“It’s dangerous. It’s a wild dog.”
“ It doesn’t matter if they grew up in the wild, dogs don’t typically bite people as an instinct. They actually rather run away than fight.”
“But it’s barking like that!”
“That’s probably…”
The dog growled, but it couldn’t bear to attack, so it backed off.
Capitalizing on this, Shirone looked straight into the dog’s eyes and pushed it back into the woods.
As expected, a tiny puppy was lying in the grass.
“It hurt its leg.”
“Huh? You’re right. Guys, there’s a puppy. A puppy.”
Shirone stopped Mark.
“Don’t call them yet. If the dog feels that we might threaten the pup, it will attack. ”
“Oh, I see. Hey! Don’t come, don’t come!”
“Instead, can you find someone who can use Recovery magic? Someone from Class 5.”
He thought it would be nice if Sharelle could help, but no matter how close he was, he couldn’t call an upperclassman.
“Maria knows how to. Give me a minute, I’ll bring her.”
After her probation ended, Maria, guided by Thadd, had a much brighter personality.
“Oh my! How did it get hurt like this?”
“It looks like it was bitten because it got caught up in a territorial fight. Can you heal it?”
“Yes, I can. This small of an injury is easy.”
Maria healed the dog and the puppy with Recovery magic. The puppy, which regained its health, ran around in circles. The mother then stopped barking and took her pup back to the mountain.
“That’s amazing. How did you know there was a puppy?”
“Hm? Haha! I lived in the mountains for a long time.”
Shirone recalled when he was 11 years old. He had gone hunting with his father.
They were lucky that day. A red bear, which was known for its value as even the claws could be sold for money, was caught on a rope and was struggling. Vincent had hurriedly aimed his arrow at it, not giving it time to tear the rope.
Shirone waited behind anxiously. If they were to catch a red bear, they wouldn’t have to worry about food for the time being.
…But the arrow showed no sign of being released. Shirone turned his head in question, but Vincent had already retracted his bow and was preparing to leave.
“I couldn’t be any more unlucky. Let’s go back, Shirone.”
“Huh? Why don’t you catch it? Mom would surely love it.”
Vincent squatted down and pointed to where the bear was being held.
“Look over there, Shirone.”
Shirone looked carefully. It was a bear cub whimpering next to its captive mother.
“A hunter doesn’t catch a mother with a cub. Even though they are animals, they love their young the same way we humans do.”
“But then we’re at a loss. There’s amazing prey over there.”
Come and read on our website wuxia worldsite. Thanks
Vincent looked at Shirone with a warm gaze.
“Just as that bear has a cub, I have you too. As a parent, how can I just ignore that? Fighting to live is the same for everyone. It doesn’t matter if you’re a human or animal. But you shouldn’t kill a parent in front of their child. It is an unwritten rule that applies to all living things.”
Shirone couldn’t express it in words, but he felt something get engraved into his heart.
Something that would never be forgotten even after a lifetime.
[Translator – Anwen]
The students were moved by Shirone’s story.
“Ah……”
“Your dad’s amazing.”
“Yeah. No wonder Shirone is so kind.”
As Shirone’s classmates also joined in to say something, Yiruki appeared and decided to pour cold water on the warm atmosphere.
“That’s a stupid theory. Hunters don’t let go of their prey just because of that.”
Everyone turned their heads in discontent at Yiruki’s words, even the lowerclassmen.
But Yiruki kept calm.
“The reason why hunters don’t kill animals with babies present is so that the baby won’t grow up to be aggressive towards humans. In zoology, this is called the imprinting effect. Once the parents become hostile to humans, their offspring inherit their nature, and it becomes increasingly difficult to hunt them. But if you kill the young, the population would be cut off.”
Shirone choked up in tears. Of course, Yiruki was saying things without knowing anything, but his remark was an insult to his father’s sentiment.
“How can you say that? Of course, there are hunters who may think that way, but most hunters release the beast out of compassion.”
“Heart. Emotion. How they wanna package it is up to them. I’m talking about reality. Unlike you, I don’t delude people with foolish idealism.”
“What?! Are you done talking?!”
Shirone got up quickly and glared at Yiruki. This was their 2nd argument.
The student onlookers were dumbfounded. Shirone was not the type to fight anyone, while Yiruki didn’t get along with anyone. When the two collided, the tensions soared multiple folds.
“What is this? Did something happen between those two before? It seems like this is a continuation of something.”
“They’re keeping each other in check. After all, those two are definitely among the candidates to be promoted next.”
Shirone narrowed his eyes and glared. Yiruki, on the other hand, looked around and did something else. It was clear he did not want to fight.
“Hey, hey! Why are you guys like this again? No wonder it was quiet. Since a teacher is coming, let’s go back.”
Thanks to Nade interfering and tearing the two apart, it didn’t turn into a big fight, but Shirone was still displeased.
He couldn’t understand Yiruki’s way of thinking. First, his researching of a power strong enough to blow up a whole city. Secondly, belittling the lives of animals. Shirone did not like Yiruki’s perspective on things.
‘Whatever. I’ll stop confronting him from now on.’
Class started.
As Ethella climbed up the mountain, The mouths of the students dropped due to her unusual appearance.
Was it because it was the practical evaluation period? She was wearing a training suit with short sleeves. She also wore shorts that revealed her thighs for easier movement.
Most shocking of all was that she was not wearing glasses.
The male students’ minds went blank at the sight of her. How could one’s appearance change so much?
“You guys all know that there is a special education starting from today onwards, right? The Speed Gun exam for Class 5 will be held first due to the practice ground circumstances. Please note that the time allocations will be divided by class starting tomorrow. In any case, today’s class will begin after we watch the assistant’s demonstration. Samuel, this way.”
A tall, handsome blond man stood in front of the students. He seemed to be in his early 20s and had long hair stretching down to his waist, which was uncommon.
“The teaching assistant standing before you is Samuel, who is preparing for his graduation from the Advanced class. His major is Incantation magic, and today he came to demonstrate some magic. It is related to strengthening your Spirit Zone as well, so pay attention.”
The students gave a big round of applause, especially the female students.
“Nice to meet you. It feels like it was just yesterday that I was in your shoes. Time sure does fly. Although I’m not too skilled, I’ll do my best in hopes that it will help with your education.”
‘Advanced Class.’
Shirone’s eyes sparkled.
It was an opportunity to see how good the students who were competing with Amy were.
Shouts of awe burst out as Samuel opened his Spirit Zone in the Image Zone.
“Wow…”
A Spirit Zone 42 meters in diameter was surrounding him.
Samuel spoke.
“Incantation magic is used to strengthen magic through the power of words. First of all, let’s try to cast Tornado with no incantation for comparison. Tornado.”
A powerful tornado was cast in a short moment. Samuel raised both his hands lightly as if to support it.
“F-Fast.”
There were students in the Intermediate Classes who knew Tornado, but Samuel’s proficiency with it was on a whole other level.
Samuel spoke with a kind smile.
“Please remember the strength of the spell. This time, I’m going to use Incantation magic to strengthen it. By using the will contained in the words, the mage’s mental gets stronger.”
Samuel recited a poem consisting of eight phrases.
“Earth of furor, I borrow thy power, so touch my hand. Looking down at the sky, the history of achievement, be captured in a moment. When the power of inanity is in the hands…”
The faces of the students got painted with boredom as they felt like they were now in a literature class.
Though not long after, Samuel spoke, holding his hands up again.
“…Tornado.”
As the tornado burst out with a tremendous explosion, the students couldn’t help but hold their breath.
The wind was so condensed that Samuel’s figure looked hazy.
“This is the power of Incantation. Words have a will of their own, and when savored, it strengthens the mind. Speak and ruminate. That is the basic system of Incantation magic.”
“Haa.”
As the frozen-stilled students let out a breath, Samuel spoke with a smile.
“Now… let’s get down to business.
Chapter end

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-430.txt
=============YYYYY=============
[430] Opportunity for Revenge (2)
Upon arriving at 2nd HQ, Sirone and Fleur waited in a room.
Of course, the expression waiting was Cho Won’s words, and he knew that it was actually quarantine.
Fleur, who observed the trend outside, sat down next to Sirone.
“Now talk. What happened?”
Sirone explained what happened in Babel’s c*ckpit.
The Ultima system unifies all signals and transmits them. Babel’s historical records obtained through the Ultima system.
Flew took a deep breath and thought.
I had heard about the history of heaven, but this was a completely different story.
“Isn’t the person whose records were to be expunged in the Babel Project, perhaps the person involved in the Reset?”
McLean Guffin.
Sirone was almost certain.
Most of all, it was shocking that Guffin was involved in Ikael’s great sin.
“When I think about it now, I think Guffin had a reason to leave that had nothing to do with the affairs of this world. That is why he must have chosen the complicated method of initialization and then reconstruction.”
“That’s true, but I think it might have something to do with the Ultima system. What kind of method is it?”
“It’s more like a feeling than a language. Just as you feel hot when you touch something hot and feel prickly when you are stabbed by something sharp, such signals come in almost infinitely distinctly.”
“Hmm, I think I know… … .”
I could understand it in my head, but there would be no way to know the sensation unless it was the person in question.
“In that sense, I think the Ultima System is the opposite of the Akashic Records. Even if the parts change, the whole is perfect. If this is the Akashic Record, the Ultima system clearly distinguishes all the parts. It is no exaggeration to say that if all of the Gaians were united in the Ultima system, we could have fought against Ankera.”
“But on the other hand, isn’t that the power weakens as the number decreases?”
“yes. I’m only able to distinguish the meaning of signals.”
Flew disagreed on that.
“That’s a really good ability. It will be of sufficient help even in this place where you do not know the language, and the application methods will be endless in the future.”
“yes. Once you return alive here.”
Flu smiled bitterly at Sirone’s bony joke.
“but. Anyway, where did Babel go? Since it is a weapon against Heaven, did it go to Heaven?”
“It could be. Anyway, I think I should report it to Mr. Sein. There could be a big variable just in case.”
“Okay, let’s seize the opportunity and ask Mr. Gardlock. It sounds like you really don’t like being here.”
“So is Clove.”
The two of them laughed out loud.
* * *
Heaven’s 6th Heaven, Jebul.
After Arius entered Dremo, Kariel never left the Great World War.
Miro still showed no signs of waking up.
It won’t be easy.
Even for those who are familiar with the human mind, extracting only the maze from Drimo, where mental energy gathers, was the same difficulty as releasing a fish into the sea and catching it again 10 years later.
‘If it’s Brahma, he’ll take care of himself.’
Mara had the best insight among Mara, so even Kariel could trust him.
Even so, the shadow did not go away from the beautiful face looking at the central processing unit.
At that time, the data of the category that was stored a long time ago flashed on the screen.
Looking at the year, it was information stored so deep that even the angel’s memory was blurry.
Kariel’s eyes shone as she searched with curiosity.
“This?”
After staring at the screen for a long time, Kariel tilted her head in disapproval.
Babel descended.
Attempts to track the location turned out to be true. A red dot was illuminated that was currently flying over Purgatory at high speed.
“But how?”
In the war with Gaia, it was Kariel who disrupted Babel’s production process.
The Archangel of Birth, Kariel, did not like the method of destruction that Uriel used.
It is counterproductive, irreversible and foolish.
Instead, he tweaked the algorithms that went into Babel’s programs, resetting Babel’s perceived enemies from heaven to subjects.
It was the main reason why the 2nd Gaia War failed.
“Who made it work?”
After the erasure of Guffin, pure Nephilim do not exist in Purgatory. However, there was no reason for the angel to go against Ankera’s message and wake up Babel.
Kariel received Babel’s data and displayed it on the screen.
From the moment the program was launched, the screen explored by Babel developed into a first-person perspective.
A face that Kariel also knew well appeared.
As Babel approached, the boy’s face enlarged in an instant.
Babel finally made a decision not to attack.
If the boy on the screen was the boy Kariel knew, it was only natural.
“Quack.”
Kariel felt a thrill in her soul. Her hearty laugh exploded from the depths of her heart.
“Ha ha ha ha! Ha ha ha ha!”
Finally, my chance came.
All things with human blood deserve to die, but among them, Sirone was particularly hated.
The human that Ikael loves the most.
“Would you be able to raise your nose in front of me after seeing this?”
Kariel has been out of the world war for the first time in a while.
The first thing that came to his mind was Ikael’s pale face.
Heaven’s seventh heaven, Arabot.
In Araboth, where Ankera lives, there is a room where Archangel Ikael, who was once in the position of archangel, is put to rest.
Arriving in the hallway there, Kariel strode forward with a triumphant smile on her face.
Of course, I had no intention of handing over Sirone’s information.
Although the power was sealed, the name Ikael was still known as a symbol of glory to the angels.
still premature.
But just imagining such a fun incident alone made me feel sick to my stomach.
‘Where can I see a handsome mug? I’m in charge anyway.’
Right before arriving at Ikael’s room, a crack in space occurred in front of Kariel’s eyes, and hundreds of glass plates shone with different brightness.
As the blurred outline connected to the glass plate gradually became clearer, the solid line finally disappeared and the figure of a man materialized.
A signal that can contain unique information in a specific type of panel.
Ikael’s three-legged Mara Ashur blocked Kariel with eyes as deep as ink-colored hair.
“What is going on with Araboth, Angel of Creation?”
“I came to see Ikael. Will you be inside?”
As Kariel moved as if he hadn’t heard an answer, Ashur quickly approached and blocked his way again.
Kariel’s face twisted terribly.
“Is something like Mara interfering with me?”
I still remember clearly that Ashur appeared and pointed his sword right before I caught Sirone.
At the time, I was given Ikael’s order, so I just passed on it, but this time, it was not forgiven.
“Ikael doesn’t want to meet anyone.”
“no one? An angel in probation has wild dreams. Get out of the way, you insignificant Mara.”
Kariel pushed Ashur roughly. And before he could even stop, he opened the door.
The best of all angels, Ikael, shining pure white, was sitting on the floor waiting for Kariel.
“It’s been a while, Kariel.”
Kariel raised the corner of her mouth with difficulty.
Even if I am in front of Ikael, my starlight body will shrink, but I didn’t want to show a weak side today.
“Hmph, sitting on the ground is ridiculous. Where is the authority that once rose to the rank of archangel?”
Ikael smiled benevolently.
“Your presence has weakened a lot. Well, you didn’t know how to focus on one thing from the beginning before you could look for something else.”
In fact, Kariel’s complexion was visibly emaciated. Even the gun-like eyes that created all sorts of ingenious things were cloudy.
“What am I doing where I don’t know? Ra would have banned the activities of the angels.”
“Hey, what do you know? You no longer have any power. You must be wondering what I’m up to. No, I’m going crazy wanting to know. But what? You are just a puppet angel with only the reputation you once had.”
“Your nervousness is like a child asking for milk. What makes you afraid?”
Are you afraid? I?
Kariel’s eyes widened.
“ha ha ha! I have nothing to fear. Even greater than you! Who am I… … !”
Kariel’s words suddenly cut off.
Ikael began to loosen the ties of his pure white clothes.
As the collar parted and the shoulders narrowed, the top fell down.
I could see Kariel’s hardened face through the shoulders that proudly supported her straight neck, her arms that were thin yet powerful, and the back of her eight-headed body, which showed no flab.
“Come here, Kariel. he’s a special kid Hold me in my arms like before and tell me many stories. Then get a good night’s sleep and wake up and everything will be fine.”
“uh… … .”
Kariel tried to run to her with a bewildered expression, but hurriedly came to her senses.
The Ikael he hated so much was still beautiful.
The most perfect body in the world made only of pure white.
The ultimate in purity, without any fine particles or impurities!
Just like before, I wanted to hold her in her arms, rub my cheek, and tell her everything.
yeah that was all
The ultimate ataraxia that satisfied everything with just that.
‘She like that… … Her her her!’
Only one human being has tainted it.
“Doc… … Hit it!”
Kariel’s planetary body rotated at high speed as it expanded into a halo.
Everything in the room rattled, and Ikael’s golden hair hid her face sadly.
Kariel came over and screamed like crazy.
“shut up! Are you qualified to say that? you are… … you are… … ! Keugh!”
Kariel couldn’t stand the fluctuations in her mind and hurriedly lowered her head.
The already weakened presence was on the verge of collapsing the starlight.
‘shit! why… … !’
Not once, I swear to all, never once had I ever aspired to monopolize or possess her.
Pure awe, absolutely alien to human desires.
There was a time when I felt absolute happiness just by looking at it and the fact that the archangel Ikael existed.
‘Stupid humans! Ugly things!’
Why do humans not want to leave beautiful things as they are?
Did you want to own it like that? Couldn’t you share this beauty with others?
Everyone wants to be loved by Ikael. Was it that he was so jealous of her that he took her from her?
To Kariel, Ikael was no longer in awe. It was just a withered flower that had been cut off by the hands of an insignificant human being.
‘I can’t forgive you. No, I won’t forgive you!’
Kariel pressed her face to Ikael, who was lowering her head, and whispered.
“Listen smart. i never forget So I’ll do what you hate the most. Because you did what I hate the most!”
As Kariel left the room, Ikael, with a sad expression on his collar, spoke in a small voice.
“Ashur.”
At the same time as the call, Ashur prostrated herself in front of her.
His expression was miserable in front of the master who was insulted by Kariel.
“Your eternal servant answers the call.”
“Please investigate what Kariel is up to.”
According to the law of the family, Ashur’s power was weakened as much as Ikael’s power was sealed, but there was no reason to refuse anything she wanted. but.
“Currently, the atmosphere in heaven is turning out of the ordinary. If something like today happens again… … .”
Ikael put Ashur’s words to shame with a bright smile.
“That won’t happen. Please.”
No matter what sins he committed, Ikael is Ikael.
There were many angels and maras who would give their lives for the smile he showed now.
Ashur bowed his head in silence.
His body split into hundreds of glass panes and disappeared in an instant.
—————————————

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-431.txt
=============YYYYY=============
[431] Opportunity for Revenge (3)
A secret underground laboratory of the Rebel 2nd HQ.
Reisis did not reprimand Sirone and Fleur for sacrificing two members of the SWAT team.
The subordinates wanted to release Sirone from his post and restore the commander’s honor, but they were more curious about the completion of the search for Babel.
After sequestering Syrone and Fleur in their quarters, Reisis took their blood samples again.
The superficial reason was that there was a possibility of being infected with an unknown pathogen, but in reality it was to enter Babel and secure a clone of the changed Sirone.
‘Angel’s Tomb. That place was Babel? Did it really exist? I thought it was a story in a myth.’
As long as Sirone came out after confirming the true nature of Babel, there was no way he could not believe it.
Also, if the myth was true, I had a vague idea of what spirit Sirone found there.
‘Probably the Ultima system. If Sirone has learned the language of the ancients, it’s a great opportunity for me too.’
Resis went to the iron cage on one side of the laboratory.
A hideous monster was banging its head against the barbed wire.
“Kick! Kiik!”
The biologists recording the monster’s condition shuddered each time the iron bars thumped.
The king of breeding, Garas.
It is an extraterrestrial species whose reproductive instinct is 100,000 times stronger than that of humans, and it is possible to mate with 1,027 creatures known to the Norse alone.
Humans are no exception, and even males are recognized as objects of reproduction even though only males exist biologically.
According to academic reports, when Garas tried to reproduce with a human female and a human male, the probability of success was only 2%.
There is no clear definition of a garas, as they can interbreed with any species, from small insects to giant monsters.
However, the organ called ‘protein palace’ that manipulates the amino acid sequence and the rapid cell division that creates the genital organs were common.
Although they are smart enough to have an average intelligence ten times that of humans, they are only interested in breeding, so they are known to have failed to achieve independent intellectual civilization.
The ultimate play of the developed intellect? Or a natural occurrence according to the unique environment in which they lived?
The cause is unknown, but what is clear is that Garas is a species that only breeds and is a quarantined species belonging to the highest risk group in Purgatory due to its powerful ability to break down the barriers between species.
“Commander, why did you bring something like this? Command is doomed if they are ever released. No, the entire area will become a colony of Garras.”
“are you okay. You just need to manage well. If you don’t have this, you can’t produce a clone of Sirone, can you?”
Although he succeeded in combining Sirone’s genetic information with the egg of a Norse, it was difficult to conceive due to subtle differences in the evolutionary process.
However, the problem could be solved neatly by using Garras’ genetic affinity as a link.
The biologist replied with a puzzled expression.
“then… … We will start today.”
“no. Before that, clone Flu first.”
“yes? why… … no way?”
The biologist’s face went pale.
Clearly, the combination of Sirone, Flu, and Garras can produce explosive clones.
However, even scholars who crossed the forbidden line could not help but feel remorse this time.
Because he is human too.
Made of flesh and blood, and loathe pain and death.
‘Is this woman really sane?’
That was all the biologist was curious about.
“Commander, do we really need to go this far?”
“Now it is an exhibition. You have to make small sacrifices to win. You’re helping me because you’ve already made up your mind, aren’t you?”
“But this… … .”
Laceys stopped talking.
“I don’t have much time. If the Babel Sirone is searching for is the Babel I know.”
“Why? I understand that Babel is a weapon created by the ancient Gaians to attack Heaven.”
“Of course it is.”
Lacey shut her mouth.
I’ll tell you in advance, there won’t be any need to upset the headquarters.
At that time, the person who sealed Babel was the archangel Kariel.
* * *
Niflheim.
The world of the dead where everything is frozen.
What unfolded before Gaold’s eyes was a vast ice sheet and a frozen mountain range that surrounded it farther away.
A world so cruel that a normal creature would be frozen solid before even encountering anything.
If Zulu hadn’t summoned the tier 2 monster Salamander to raise the temperature around them, they would have been in the same situation.
In any case, this is where the King of Giants, Ymir’s body is confined, ‘the wall of ice that never melts’.
The salamander, which was three meters long, was lying flat on the ground and generating heat with its whole body.
Even so, the ice sheet did not melt and did not even get wet, and rather, the salamander felt the chill and shivered.
Every time the flame weakened, the shape of a lizard, the true form of a salamander that you would never normally see, was revealed.
Gaold asked, spewing frost.
“How many?”
Gangnan checked the pouch.
“Twenty-four.”
“Right.”
Black Elixir is being collected later than expected.
The first commander of the rebels, Crude, said it was a 50% chance, but the chance of actually catching the demon and obtaining the elixir seemed to be less than 20%.
Of course, that alone is a very high probability, and with 24 elixirs, there is nothing that cannot be bought on the mainland.
However, it was insignificant compared to the results obtained at the end of penance, and a considerable amount of physical strength was lost in return.
‘cold.’
Gangnan emitted a long frost cloud.
Driving around Niflheim for six days was insane for a human to attempt.
Zulu also hasn’t been able to get any sleep since he hasn’t quit Salamander for a moment in six days.
Gangnan’s eyes turned to Gaold’s wide back.
how cold is it
If Gangnan is cold, Gaold is a thousand times colder.
If Gangnan moaned from frostbite to the extent that his fingertips were paralyzed, Gaold suffered a thousand times more than that.
‘How can you not even show it? How are you holding up with that?’
“At this rate, we’ll get tired first.”
Gaold looked back at the guide.
He was an old man with a scar on his face, with a rat-like appearance.
The reason he can roam around Niflheim is because he made a contract with the Ice Spirit with all his wealth.
However, no matter how high the value of the spirit is, if the magic skill is low, the place where you can’t even find it is purgatory.
In the end, the job he could earn was a guide in Niflheim, which had a high probability of death.
As much as risking their lives, the requirements were demanding.
They never get involved in battle, but they have to give 50% of the harvested items here.
There was no way Gaold would accept such an unfair contract, but he changed his mind when he realized that the probability of obtaining the black elixir after the first hunt in Niflheim was lower than expected.
Niflheim was an incredibly large place, and the frequency of meeting evil spirits was surprisingly low.
If you wander like this, you will collapse from exhaustion or freeze to death before you can fill the desired amount.
He decided that it would be better to hit the jackpot by entering ‘Hell’, where the ruler of Niflheim is located.
“How much further do I have to go? Hell or something.”
“Oh, if you go this way a little further… … .”
The guide who was pointing to the front closed his eyes tightly and shouted, as if he thought that it would not work in the end.
“no! I can’t go any further! Let’s go back!”
He was tired of Gaold’s group.
It is a land of death that no one approaches, but there are very few crazy people who enter with the goal of making a fortune.
The guide also explored Niflheim six times with such people.
It was once every two years, but it was a business that would be enough to get one black elixir, and if you get two, you can play for two more years.
Of course, before meeting Gaold and the others, all he had to do was to defeat the ghosts on the outskirts of Niflheim and pray for the black elixir to fall.
However, the current guides were different.
From the beginning, without even looking at the outskirts, he ran straight for Hel for six days, catching close to two hundred Grim Reapers.
Grim Reaper, the strongest evil spirit belonging to the Triple S hunting class in the mainland.
The guide couldn’t help but fall into incontinence when he saw the god of death wielding a huge scythe sitting on a black horse 5 meters tall.
I came all this way because I was fascinated by the fun of dropping the noble black elixir whenever I was bored, but to be honest, I just wanted to go home.
“okay? Anything you want to finish.”
Gaold obediently agreed.
However, one condition was added.
“If you want to break the contract and go alone.”
‘You evil bastard!’
The guide grinded his teeth.
I’ll have to put up with it because I can’t compete with power anyway, but a bitter feeling rang deep in my bones.
With 12 black elixirs, you can live happily ever after.
No, I will marry 100 native beauties. And I have to give birth to about 1,000 children.
It was an imagination based on evil, but it was the value of 12 black elixirs that made it possible in reality.
“Okay, let’s go all the way! But my role is until Hell. From there, I don’t even know the way!”
“Anyway.”
Gaold turned and started walking on the icy road.
Gaold was like a mountain to everyone, but his face was emaciated.
Zulu stopped sucking her black nipple and pointed straight ahead.
“There is something.”
The face of the guide who looked ahead was filled with emotion. It was an expression of pure professional calling.
‘I’ve lived here, so I’ve come this far.’
The reason why you can guide in Niflheim, a flawless zone where you can’t find any personality, is because the corpses of strangers who have invaded this place for a long time become a mark.
As Gaold’s group approached, well over a thousand creatures were frozen like statues.
They were in different time zones and different species, but all of them looked terrified.
“Is this the entrance to Hel?”
“wait. It’s my first time here too. According to our investigation… … .”
The guide took out his notebook and checked the memo. She turned her body around as if she couldn’t show it to anyone.
As the only Niflheim expert in the mainland, the notes were packed.
“Well, in the corpse of the Cathesis race frozen with one eye closed… … .”
The guide, looking left and right, noticed a bipedal creature with a long tail on the face of a lizard and approached it.
“The side the index finger of your left hand points to.”
The guide’s face wrinkled after checking his left hand.
‘Damn it, you only have three fingers. Which one is black?’
Presuming it to be the middle finger, the guide pointed at a 15-degree bend in the direction they had walked.
“If you go over there, Hell will come out. So at this point I… … Hee!”
The guide looked back at Gaold and stomped his butt with a surprised expression.
Terrible speculation was emanating from the party.
“I-that… … !”
A thick mist was rising over the ice.
It was a scene everyone was familiar with, but the situation was different this time.
As the black horse’s shape was revealed on the ice, it cried in a higher tone than the woman’s scream.
On the saddle, surrounded by black smoke, Grim Reaper clutched the reins, a four-meter scythe slung over his shoulder.
The number of objects is 40.
It was the largest number in a single battle.
“damn! damn! To die with 12 black elixirs!”
The guide poured out tears with a desperate expression as if he had already given up his life.
There was no one to comfort him.
Even Zulu thought it was a different level of difficulty than before.
“I will release the Salamander.”
If you’ve already exhausted your stamina, it’s a daunting feeling for Gangnan and Gaold to face.
However, Gaold overcame the gangranan and went alone towards the group of Grim Reapers.
“I am waiting here. Because you get caught up in it too.”
“Are you crazy? What are you going to do? And I’m not weak enough to get caught in battle!”
“I know. but… … .”
Gaold leaned over as if collapsing and looked back at Gangnan.
“It will be different this time.”
Gangnan’s face hardened like stone as he sensed something.
The hair starting from Gaold’s forehead was rapidly bleaching.
—————————————

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-432.txt
=============YYYYY=============
[432] Opportunity for Revenge (4)
Heaven’s Fifth Thousand Matei.
The giant, born from the sake of an anecdote, returns to Matei after realizing the law through a sacred ceremony in Jotunheim.
As ‘those who keep the law’, their main duty was to maintain the peace of heaven and fight against external forces.
Kariel, accompanied by Uriel, looked up at the huge castle towering over Matei.
At the appearance of the lofty archangel, the 15-meter-tall giants who had reached the 4th level of Ilhwa’s art bowed their heads.
I did my best to bend at the waist, but it was so huge that I couldn’t even come close to the top of Kariel’s head, which was 2 meters 30 centimeters.
Kariel snorted and passed through the front door.
Even so, his heart was in a very uncomfortable state.
Ymir, the king of giants, says that he can’t help it because he annihilated the ‘part’ and went into hibernation.
But at least for the corps commander, shouldn’t he have to come out barefoot and bow his head.
“These are real… … !”
The present situation in heaven was a mess.
After Shirone, the light of Area 73, broke the sobriety of the anecdote, the subjects began to suspect Ankera, and everything changed after that.
Kariel wanted to immediately fly to Purgatory and punish the rebels, but she couldn’t even protect herself unless she was accompanied by Uriel.
‘Let’s see. I’ll put an end to it sooner or later.’
If Jebul’s structure was perfect, Matei’s castle only competed with grandeur.
The colors of Mecha, Nord, and Kergo were not mixed, and materials in a pure natural state were piled up only with the power of giants.
Just looking at the gigantic pillars, which could only be carried by non-giants, showed their way of thinking.
After passing through the hall and climbing the central stairway as high as a wall, there was a line of giant guards reaching up to the ceiling.
Power enough to destroy the world.
But they never move. Until Ymir’s instructions were given.
“Why is the great archangel in such a humble place?”
Perhaps the smallest here, a 3-meter-tall giant approached, dragging a black cloak.
Although it is not large, it has a sense of weight that makes the floor vibrate with each step.
Girshin, the giant corps commander who has reached level 7 of Anecdotal Art.
If Ymir was like a rock in its natural state, he had the impression of a sword that had been forged a thousand times.
“Meet the corps commander Guru-sin, the angel.”
Standing in front of Kariel, Girshin immediately bent one knee and bowed his head.
Even a warrior known to be able to split a mountain with a single blow could not exceed the stature set by the law.
Kariel didn’t like that.
Among the eight archangels, he had nothing to say about force, so it felt like he could see into the hearts of those who worshiped the logic of force.
“Does the body become sluggish when it reaches level 7? You only moved 100 meters while I got here.”
Girshin raised one corner of his mouth.
“A giant does not have an infinite mind like an angel. He would have gone to meet him if he had sent a message in advance.”
Girshin’s response was certainly different from that of Ymir.
For a giant with a certain amount of hair, it would be a waste of time to find fault with the past.
“The reason I found it myself is to give you instructions.”
“What if you say instructions?”
“Lead the giant army and wipe out the rebels right now.”
Girshin’s brow narrowed.
We know from rumors that there is currently a conflict of opinion among the angels in Jebul.
However, ignoring Ra’s message about the prohibition of angelic activity and acting arbitrarily was another form of treason.
“Haona, Ra… … .”
“That’s why I found you. Ra’s message is valid only for angels. Above all, the current rebels are sweeping away the giants born from anecdotes as soon as they are discovered. There must be enough justification for the giants to move, right?”
Girshin realized that he was in a situation where he could neither subtract nor beat.
But he had no intention of moving the giant army.
They only follow Ymir.
The reason why Anchera obeys is also because Ymir obeys.
“sorry. I don’t think I can follow your will.”
Kariel’s face crumpled evilly.
The sound of the guards salivating resonated loudly like a heartbeat, but Girshin’s expression was calm.
“Are you going to refuse? Are you serious?”
Kariel opened the ‘Daebeopjeon’, a sacred object unique to the angel of birth.
It was an outright threat, and it meant that he would risk his life the next time he uttered the words.
“Don’t you know Kariel? Without King Ymir’s orders, the giants… … .”
“Aaaaaa! An insignificant giant!”
After closing the Great Law, Kariel frantically slashed Girshin’s head with it.
There was not the slightest hint of angelic dignity in his face as he screamed and waved his arms.
bang! bang! bang! bang!
No matter how weakened the archangel’s attack was, it was not negligible.
Blood ran down Girshin’s forehead, who just kept his mouth shut.
Uriel, who was watching with his arms crossed, thought of the sudden transformation of the angel he had known from the beginning.
‘This isn’t like you, Kariel.’
Archangel of Birth, Kariel. He was smashing Girshin’s head with the Great Law.
‘Are you so hateful to humans? No, you should know by now. You look like… … .’
Uriel got out of his thoughts.
Terrible killing spree was rising from the guards lined up on the left and right.
Although the status of the law is low, the pride of a servant is no less than that of an angel.
It was only natural that such a giant’s corps commander would feel resentment when he was subjected to humiliating violence in front of his subordinates.
thud.
As one giant stepped out and prepared to step out, Uriel’s starlight expanded into Halo.
Realizing this, Girsin broke his calm expression and looked back at his subordinate, widening his eyes terribly.
“Ugh… … .”
The Guardsman, overwhelmed by the eyes of the corps commander, quietly returned to his seat as if it had been a mistake.
Every time the Great Law was struck, cracks appeared on the floor and the ground caved in, but Girshin did not take any action.
‘Now is not the time to step out. Even if we attack in groups, Yuriel, the angel of destruction, will not win.’
An incarnation of destruction said to rival Ikael in his heyday even among the archangels in combat power alone.
‘You have to endure. Until our king, Ymir, comes.’
Kariel stepped back with her tired hands trembling.
It felt like the asteroid was blurring and the thought circuit was melting.
“haha.”
Girshin didn’t say anything, just staring at his own blood dripping on the floor.
It was an abominable sight to Kariel, who longed for creation.
“let’s go!”
As Kariel turned and walked away, Uriel finally showed his emotions and looked back at the giants.
The presence of the angels prescribed by the law made the giant’s two legs tremble.
“Be careful, Girshin. You are not Ymir.”
The body of Yuriel, who spread the wings of light, rose beautifully and turned into a flash of light and flew to the front door.
* * *
Gaold’s face, whose hair had turned white, was terribly contorted like that of a demon.
The powerful air gun spread through bullets and penetrated all 40 Grim Reapers.
Then, suddenly, the ice sheet vibrated and the Grim Reaper’s shape turned to smoke like an angry flame.
Ooh oh oh oh!
The hood disappeared, revealing a hideous skull.
When the deaf ears exploded, as if hearing them would drive you crazy, the guide clutched his head and collapsed.
“Aaaaaagh!”
I didn’t come here in the first place.
Black Elixir and luxurious life were just delusions to those who heard this.
“I, please… … Aaaaaaan!”
At the signal of the guide’s cry, Kang Nan kicked off the ground and ran.
Her expression was still not good. The accident was paralyzed as the incident from 10 years ago came to mind.
‘That fool!’
Grim Reaper, emitting a vivid light purple aura, swung his scythe roughly at Gangnan.
All of them were cutting beyond the level of Mach.
Although they are also made of a certain ‘material’, they seemed to operate in a completely different mechanism from the existing physical world.
Kang Nan, who evaded the attack with a nimble movement like a bouncing ping-pong ball, rushed to the dark horse’s leg and kicked it.
As the black horse’s thick legs suddenly broke, thick black smoke rose as if on fire.
Hey hey hey hey!
The black horse’s screams pierced his eardrums, but Kang Nan gnashed his teeth and endured.
I looked around in search of Gaold, but it felt like the world was enveloped in a black curtain because of the rampaging dark horses.
“I really can’t live!”
When Kang Nan, who was sitting down, pushed his strength, the thigh part of the stocking opened and a hole was pierced in a waterdrop pattern.
The moment the Grim Reaper’s scythe plunged vertically, her body soared 20 meters into the air as if it had escaped the gravitational field.
Gaold was seen buried among the many Grim Reapers. Every time Grim Reaper’s shape spread in smoke, a flash of iron-colored light raked the place where Gaold was.
Currently, the magic that protects Gaold is nothing more than an air shield that even beginners can use, but none of the attacks can penetrate the sphere’s defense.
“Big!”
As Gaold’s face began to contort like a goblin’s, Gangnan’s heart sank.
“no!”
Atmospheric pressure suddenly surged around Gaold.
Pain 100,000 times – air pressing.
Koo Goo Goo Goo Goo!
As the ice shook as if an earthquake had occurred, the black smoke body of the Grim Reaper was flattened like rubber.
“Whoa!”
Gaold puffed out his cheeks and took a deep breath.
In the meantime, the crushed Grim Reapers crawled out of the ground and returned to their original state from a distance.
It was a characteristic of Niflheim that it regenerated in an instant if you gave it a little bit of room to escape.
Gangnan, who came into the Grim Reaper’s siege, shouted as he walked quickly as if he was angry.
“it’s crazy! I really want to die… … !”
Gaold, his eyes wide open, parted his mouth faintly.
In front of that face, Kang Nan couldn’t nag.
It just didn’t make sense to be able to laugh.
“I told you not to come. I couldn’t finish it because of you.”
“Don’t talk nonsense. Don’t you know that everything ends when you die here?”
“don’t worry. It’s different from 10 years ago.”
Gangnan couldn’t stand it and screamed.
“It was still dangerous!”
autoreciprocal mutation.
It was the disease that Gaold got on the Day of Judgment of the Twenty.
The functional limitations of organisms are limited to the environment.
The reason humans burn is because they were born in a place without fire, and the reason Salamanders are not burned is because they were born in fire.
If it is the environment that sets the limits of a creature, Gaold has severed the link between himself and the environment through a terrible penance.
Because there is no environment, there is no limit to mutations that occur in the stem cell stage.
Even in everyday life, Gaold’s nervous system is at least 1,000 times more sensitive than normal people, and the world of Gaold was completely different from the world experienced by all humans.
Literally hell.
Even simply breathing in, it feels like glass powder goes into your lungs, and even a gust of wind feels like your skin is going to tear.
However, what he got in return was self-denial and unimaginable mental strength that no one could imitate.
“You know it becomes extremely dangerous from the pain 10,000 times! Even now, my hair is leaking and my memory is flying, but if I raise it beyond that, I will really die!”
“I will not die.”
Gaold turned coldly and walked away.
“As for the pain, I will never die.”
Kang Nan clenched his fists and bit his lip.
But in the end, as if resigned, he lowered his head and slowly retreated.
I knew the truth.
You don’t die because of pain, you suffer because you couldn’t die.
I don’t know why Gaold was cursed like this.
One thing was certain, it was the fact that there was no one else who could annihilate 40 of the strongest demons in an instant.
Gaold’s eyes slowly returned to normal.
Recovering his smile, he wiggled his fingers and taunted the Grim Reaper.
“Come on, you less-than-fallen skeleton gourds.”
Ooh oh oh oh!
It is unlikely that they understood human speech, but as if receiving a signal, all the Grim Reapers expanded their auras.
The screams of countless ghosts shook the snowy landscape, and a light purple aura swirled around like a whirlpool.
The whirlpool soon turned into thousands of skulls, all fired at Gaold.
The sun was obscured as the sky was covered in darkness, and thousands of skull bombs fell upon Gaold in the darkness.
“haha. Kkkkkkkkk!”
Gaold gritted his teeth and lowered his stance.
The pupils disappeared from his pupils, who wickedly tore the corners of his mouth.
Pain 100,000 times – air pressing.
Woooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo!
Everything poured down, and the great darkness was crushed with a roar.
—————————————

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-433.txt
=============YYYYY=============
[433] Opportunity for Revenge (5)
The ice sheet of Niflheim shook.
If you looked down from a high place, you would be able to see the rhythm of the ice molecules spreading out like concentric circles on the water surface.
Gaold stood in the middle of the wave.
He was standing and nothing was there.
“Big!”
Gaold gritted his teeth like a demon.
The veins that ran up his neck to his temples wriggled like an annelids.
The guide knelt on the ice and looked at the place where the Grim Reaper had disappeared, devastated.
“This, this is nonsense.”
At that time, the ice sheet could not withstand the waves and spread in all directions, causing thick cracks.
A zig-zag crack stretched out, curving toward the guide as if he were conscious.
“Hey!”
Nan Nan grabbed the guide’s collar and flung himself, and a 4-meter-wide crack quickly passed where they were.
The cracks stopped and the area became completely scorched.
It was the presence Gaold carved into Niflheim.
Whoa oh oh oh!
As the Grim Reapers ascended to heaven, they began to spit out the life streams they had accumulated throughout their lives.
“Huh? uh huh?”
The guide’s eyes shook in shock.
It was the first time in his life to see as many as 10 black elixirs flying into the sky at the same time.
Even my consciousness was confused by the powerful pleasure that made my heart stop just by looking at it.
As he watched the Elixir roll across the ice with a thump, he swatted his limbs like a madman and ran.
Without even noticing that his palms were being cut by the cold ice, he swept the elixir dazedly.
When I held it with both hands, it was quite heavy.
It was quite heavy, but it felt like I was carrying the heaviest thing in the world.
‘If this is all mine… … .’
The guide’s eyes were filled with desire.
However, the moment I saw Kang Nan’s cold face, my spirit flashed. Words she hadn’t even asked came out of her mouth.
“Oh, no, half of it is mine… … .”
“Pick it up. All.”
After confirming that the guide was frantically picking up the elixir, Gangnan turned to Gaold.
‘He’s like an idiot!’
Pain 100,000 times.
An experience that ordinary humans cannot even imagine. But for Gaold, it’s just a common reality.
After all, pain is just a special signal from the nervous system that is transmitted to the brain.
It’s just like that.
Human beings who have to live their whole lives enduring extreme pain that cannot be escaped or denied.
That was the curse placed on Gaold.
“are you okay?”
Gaold, who had regained his former form, wrinkled his nose like a mischievous person.
“Hey, what if it’s not okay? Can I kiss you?”
Gangnan snorted.
If that were to happen at all, how would Gaold deal with it?
Pain in the sensitive senses? The greatest thrill of your life?
“I’m sorry, but I don’t have that kind of hobby with old people.”
“Why is this? When we first met, he was so shy that he couldn’t even raise his head.”
Absolutely nothing like that happened.
However, Kang Nan recalled that time with a sad expression.
‘I… … Was it?’
I was relieved to see his bold appearance, but the more I did, the more I felt a fire raging inside me.
The sense of prestige soared 100 times in an instant.
Even an ordinary human will scream and roll on the floor if the pain of a cut fingertip is amplified 100 times.
However, Gaold is basically a human with 1,000-fold amplification.
I knew that it couldn’t really be okay without looking inside.
“Listen carefully. In the future, when raising pain… … .”
“I can see a little way now. Let’s go quickly.”
Gaold cut off Kang Nan’s words and headed to the guide.
Faced with reality, the guide’s face was completely terrified.
At the beginning of the journey, I even thought that I could take care of my share.
However, when he saw the force that destroyed 40 Grim Reapers in an instant, he realized where he had been brought to.
It wasn’t a question of betrayal or backstabbing.
In Niflheim, where there was nothing but ghosts, Gaold was like a god holding his own life.
‘It will kill me. I’m sure it will.’
The condition of having 50% of the Elixir harvested.
Proportionately, it’s strong, but in reality, if you get two black elixirs, you have one of them.
At least that’s how it was calculated so far.
However, as the number of elixirs increased, that 50 percent ratio began to feel like an enormous weight.
Wouldn’t there be a reason to keep yourself alive when you already had to pay a huge amount of elixir?
“How many did you collect?”
The guide winced and opened the pouch.
“Eh, so… … .”
14 obtained this time, 24 previously.
The thought of having as many as 38 black elixirs in hand made me feel like I was dreaming.
“As you can see, there are 38 of them.”
The guide added hastily.
“I-I don’t have such a big greed… … So please… … .”
“Go back.”
“yes?”
The guide, who was about to beg for help, raised his head with a bewildered expression.
“Leave half of it, take half with you. From now on, I’m not at the level where you guide me.”
If 40 Grim Reapers appear at the same time, there is no guarantee that more enemies will not appear the closer you get to Hell.
Giving up greed at this point was a good thing for the guide, and there was also a profit and loss calculation that said that 50% of the black elixir’s mass acquisition would increase over time.
‘Go back? Are you serious?’
maybe sincere
There is no reason for strong people who can kill themselves at any time if they want to stab them in the back.
The guide’s head began to spin rapidly as the most feared problem was resolved.
Return to the mainland with 19 Black Elixir.
You can live your life doing whatever you want for 38 years.
‘no. I’d rather use about 10 black elixirs to build a community. Then I’ll be able to play and eat for the rest of my life while managing my subordinates.’
However, unlike the head, the heart did not move easily.
If you build a community with 10 black elixirs, you have 9 left in your hand.
But the human heart is so strange, I felt as if I had lost 10 of the 19 that should have been there.
In addition, there was a feeling that there was something lacking in keeping the remaining 9 numbers for life.
‘Ai-san, if there was only one more, I would have lost my regrets. If it’s 10, what’s 10 or 9? It’s embarrassing.’
The feeling of having the whole world with just one black elixir had already disappeared before the greater greed that came after achieving it.
‘Yes, just one more. Even if I go back now, it’s just as dangerous.’
I’ve memorized the path of the Grim Reaper’s low incidence, but the data isn’t 100% accurate.
“What if I suddenly break the contract? I can’t back off like this. I will guide you to Hell.”
Gaold stared the guide in the eye.
It was a desperate look as if he had seized the last chance of his life.
“Cheuk, yes, if you’re a man, you’ll have to take a big hit. Guide me.”
“Your words.”
The guide quickly stood up and took the lead.
Tapping the bag full of black elixir, I remembered the words of my parents when I was a child.
Paddle when the water comes in.
#4. bioshock
“It’s done. Wake up.”
Sirone and Fleur took off their glasses and similar mechanisms and got out of bed.
I was quarantined for 7 days and had a physical examination once a day, and today was the day I had my brainwaves measured.
“In my opinion, there is nothing wrong with it. As of this time, the quarantine measures will be lifted, so you can go back to your accommodation.”
Sirone let out a sigh of relief.
The situation where I couldn’t even go to the bathroom properly for 7 days was finally over.
After leaving the examination room, Sirone and Fleur headed to the dorm side by side.
Sirone, who had been careful of what she said until now, opened her mouth.
“No matter how you think about it, it’s strange, right? Why are they examining us so persistently?”
I guessed from the beginning that infection with an unknown pathogen was just an excuse.
Even so, the reason I didn’t show it was because I didn’t want to lose even the opportunity to blow the counter in a situation where my hands and feet were tied.
“I doubt that too. The promised integration of the rebels is also sluggish. Now that containment has been lifted, something has changed. I’ll find out little by little while you focus on your foreign activities.”
“Is it really necessary? Maybe it has nothing to do with us.”
Team Sirone’s ground task is to unite the rebels.
Even if Reysis had a secret, if it was the internal circumstances of the headquarters, there was no need to scratch and scratch it.
‘no. There must be something.’
While in quarantine, information with the outside world was thoroughly blocked, but minor changes made while going to and from the examination room made her uncomfortable.
‘I’ll have to search at a level that doesn’t get caught.’
An old man passing through the hallway glanced at the flue.
* * *
Raysis entered the secret laboratory of the 2nd Command.
He was wearing a red cloak as usual, and his expression was in a state of deep recall.
“You sent the items requested by the night blind?”
“yes. Dismantling now. Please check.”
On the test bench, chunks of meat with a thick layer of fat were piled up inside the slime-stained gray leather.
On the table across from it, a part corresponding to the creature’s face was enshrined.
Reisis trembled when she saw the long snake-like snout and the jagged teeth embedded in the circular mouth.
‘It is certainly. I finally got it.’
Park Yo-jong and Jeremong.
As a creature belonging to the Purgatory Hunt Rank A class, it possesses the ability of Antithesis, which binds all targets other than its own kind.
In other words, it is a law that rejects the law, and it is assumed that it is a unique mechanism of the home planet where Izermont inhabits.
“I saw the night blindness so funny. It’s nowremon. You got it much faster than I thought, didn’t you?”
“I was surprised too. Even the elite soldiers of the headquarters raised both their hands and feet on Antithese.”
“I must have found a way to hunt or hired someone good. It could be both. let’s start anyway Activate the Fuzix Machine.”
Where Resis turned, there was a device in which a huge glass sphere was placed at each vertex of an octagon centered on a 4-meter-high glass tube.
Biological Mixer Fusex Machine.
It was a device that created a new organism with complex traits by mixing two or more types of organisms.
‘I have to strengthen Izermont somehow.’
Park Yo-jong Jeremon has excellent functions on its own, but it could be a more perfect weapon by combining various characteristics that can make use of the strengths of the antithesis.
‘An antithesis to the extent of suppressing the actions of angels. If it doesn’t have that much power, it can’t be used in war.’
After dissolving the various elixirs in perfect proportions, pouring water and adding the black elixir, a long black liquid flowed down the hose and into the barrel.
It was the ‘Plasm’ used in Anecdote’s sake.
Plasma, which reacts only to organic substances, melts living things and absorbs their own genetic information.
When this is mixed with another plasma and electrical stimulation is applied, a new organism with the characteristics of the two entities is created, which is exactly the same as the technique of the anecdote.
However, since humans are not the only materials, the probability of failure increases as the number of types increases.
The reason why Raysis had eyes on Sirone was to control the variables of interspecies union with the powerful spirit of the Nephilim.
“Commander, Izermont’s Plasma is complete.”
Raysis’s eyes sparkled with joy when she saw the bobbing plasma in the barrel.
It had a stench that made you want to cover your nose, but to her, it was the sweetest scent in the world.
‘I will evolve endlessly.’
It was the water of life that would lead her to the seat of a god.
—————————————

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-434.txt
=============YYYYY=============
[434] Opportunity for Revenge (6)
Isgermont’s Plasma was poured into one of the eight slots that could fit into the Fuzix Machine.
7 slots left.
Reisis planned to combine the traits of another creature, Volthum, Grabber, and Liston, to enhance Izermont’s antithesis ability.
Volthoom, which looks like a mosquito magnified a thousand times, has a unique trait called ‘blood adhesion’, which has an affinity for the target it sucked blood from.
It is presumed to be a psychological mechanism evolved to suppress the hemolytic reaction, and in the laboratory, it was used as a tool to subjugate living organisms through this characteristic.
“I will pour Volthoom’s Plasma.”
As Grabber, which has the ability to levitation, and Liston’s Plasma, which increases the activity of creatures, were poured in, the four types of creatures waited for them to mix in the Physics Machine.
Unlike an anecdote, in order to bring out a unique trait, a main type must be set. Currently, the main is Igermont, and three subtypes will strengthen the antithesis.
“Then let’s begin.”
When the button was pressed, all four types of plasmas, which were about half full in the glass sphere, were sucked into the central glass tube.
When electricity flowed through the vacuum, the liquid began to boil.
“Ohhh!”
It was a wonderful scene to watch.
Researchers who once felt repulsed by inhumane biological experiments, but at this moment, they could not turn away from the joy of the creator of creating creatures with their own hands.
As the electricity discharged through the glass tube, a powerful white light spread that blinded them.
While everyone turned their heads, only Laceys was watching the changes inside the glass tube with ecstatic eyes.
As a new species was born, the glass tube split into quarters and fell to the floor.
“Success!”
Researchers were awed by the completely different forms of life that deviated from their predictions.
It was a huge eyeball with a diameter of 1 meter, and the surface was covered with a thin epidermis that served as an eyelid.
If you hit it with your eyes, dark red tentacles stretched out from where the ganglion was connected and fluttered like a tail.
Biological Weapon – Akamai (Prototype)
A cold shudder ran through the laboratory.
Can we really call this a creature?
When I was looking at something of an organic quality that was completely unrelated to environmental factors and only suited to human purposes, I thought that there was nothing that should not happen in the world.
“Haaaaa.”
Reis’s red lips parted softly.
What a beautiful shape this is.
God gave creatures the possibility of infinite change.
“Huh!”
The face of Reisis, who had reached ecstasy, was distorted.
The red cloak fluttered and something violently squirmed inside.
The biologist approached, looking terrified.
“Commander, now we have to sign a contract… … .”
Reisis hurriedly corrected her expression.
Sensitive stimuli were unpleasant, as if the intestines were protruding, but fortunately, they permeated the body again shortly after.
“Yeah, I almost forgot that.”
Reisis slashed her wrists with her fingernails and delivered blood to Akamai.
Laryngeal. Laryngeal.
Akamai’s large irises tightened as the blood dripped onto his epidermis was absorbed.
Then, as if to show intimacy, he turned to Lacey and blinked his eyelids a couple of times.
Volthoom’s blood coalescence is complete.
“Is it a success?”
“of course. Became my faithful servant. So, shall we start in earnest from now on? Bring me a clone of Sirone.”
When the researcher contacted the basement, the floor cracked and Sirone’s clone came up on the elevator.
Currently, Sirone’s brain is empty.
It was like an animal with only basic needs like feeding and reproduction.
When the researchers put a device that they thought was an EEG into their eyes and shone light into their eyes, patterns of memories were transmitted across the retina.
It was similar to the way Arcane and Alfeas jointly researched.
However, the factor of failure is also the same, so the clones injected with memories die soon after their minds collapse.
Of course, it was an issue that had nothing to do with Raysis.
If Sirone absorbed all of the creature’s traits, all he had to do was swallow them with one gulp.
Kwa-kwa-kwa-kwa-kwa-kwa-kwak!
Berserk was cast on the bed where Sirone was lying.
The researchers who were swept away by the shock wave fell out, and Sirone’s body jumped out like a wild beast to find a safe place.
‘what? Where are you?’
Sirone moved her eyes left and right to gather information.
laboratory. laceys. Strange device I’ve never seen before.
Still don’t understand the situation.
I was obviously lying next to Flu and getting an EEG, but suddenly I was here.
“What have you done to me?”
“Um, well?”
Lacey patted her lips.
“I wish I could explain, but I won’t. I have a feeling I will have to say the same thing a lot in the future.”
Reisis flicked a finger, and Akamai, floating in the air, activated the antithesis.
“Keugh!”
As if the air had turned to hard iron, Sirone couldn’t lift a finger.
“This, this… … ?”
“Sorry. You must have intelligence to use the power of the Nephilim. It will be over soon.”
Immortal Function is something that begins with insight, and it was impossible for a clone with only animal nature to reach.
Sirone grinded his teeth.
Aren’t the eyes too happy to say I’m sorry?
Captured by Akamai, Sirone was transported in that state and entered the glass sphere of the Fuzix Machine.
Unlike the cadaveric experiment, it was a situation where the mental change had to be confirmed, so the method of putting the whole thing in and melting it directly was effective.
“Commander, what do I combine it with?”
A Nephilim with 100% affinity should be able to easily embrace the personality of any creature.
Also, in order to verify it, a creature with advanced features was preferred.
“Synthesize Akamai.”
“yes? but… … .”
“doesn’t care. After all, this is a prototype. This is a great opportunity to experiment with Sirone’s clone.”
The biologist obediently obeyed.
After the preparations for the experiment were over, the glass spheres in which Akamai and Sirone were trapped were filled with plasma.
The black liquid ran down Sirone’s neck and covered his face.
After a while, the water level dropped and flowed into the central glass tube, and Sirone’s figure disappeared without a trace.
The researchers looked nervously at the glass tube, which emitted a powerful light.
Main type Sirone, sub type Akamai.
The two organisms completely melted and were born into one organism.
“What, what?”
The glass tube was separated, and Sirone stood there with her eyes closed.
Even if the combination of functions is the center, since two creatures with different forms are mixed, there must be a change.
In an unexpected situation, the biologist corrected the glasses and examined them.
“Is this just a human? If the experiment failed… … .”
At that moment, Sirone’s eyes flashed open, and a light burst from the left pupil of a different color.
“Aaaagh!”
Researchers screamed in a bone-twisting posture.
Reisis, who hurriedly widened her distance, put on a bewildered expression.
‘Have you absorbed only the functions?’
The changes that take place in the state of Plasma are known only to those who have experienced them.
And Reisis was one of the humans who experienced the most plasma states in the world.
When you permeate the Plasma, your thinking stops. However, numerous signals are flowing in the liquid integrated into one material.
‘It’s an Ultima system.’
Therefore, if the unification signal can be controlled in the plasmic state, the possibility of selectively catering to functions and forms is sufficient.
‘This is dangerous.’
No, it’s a beautiful thing.
The ability to have the traits of any living creature that exists in the world.
It is literally reaching the realm of God.
“What have you done to me?”
Lacey’s lips quivered.
Sirone even controlled her consciousness. Akamai completely surrendered.
‘I want more, that ability.’
Laceys opened her arms and approached.
“Sirone, let’s become one with me.”
Sirone activated the antithesis. The mighty binding force stopped Reisis from walking.
But instead, she felt a sense of exhilaration.
It was a different level of strength from Isgermont’s Antithese.
Sirone mercilessly hit the photon cannon.
Resis slammed into the wall and the ceiling shook. Her cloud of dust grew in her presence with each hail of flashes.
“ha. ha.”
Shirone’s eyes trembled in shock as he exhaled heavily and glared forward.
Half of the face of Reisis, who appeared through the smoke, had turned into a hideous monster.
Its eyes soared as if it would rip off its forehead, its pupils were as thin as snakes, and three times as many teeth as human teeth were stuck between its lips that crossed its lower jaw.
“Kiyi, Shi… … Lorne… … .”
Giving goosebumps at the sound of scratching an iron plate, Sirone opened her palm to take out Armand.
‘Armed in gold… … uh?’
It was only then that Sirone realized that Kubrick was missing.
There’s no way someone took it. This is because he has never lost consciousness from the moment he received the EEG.
‘Could it be that I’m not me?’
Sirone quickly retraced the process so far.
Although he has never lost consciousness, the process from EEG to here is completely cut off.
The liquid seen in Anecdotal Sake. The change from being melted into it to being reconstructed into the Ultima System.
‘It’s cloned!’
Because it is not the main body, it is not wearing Kubrick. And Raysys is conducting an experiment using it.
‘A biological bond similar to the sake of an anecdote.’
An intense insight flashed in Sirone’s mind.
‘Armand, Armand… … !’
Something swung from behind Reisis’ cloak, and at the same time, Sirone’s neck was separated from her body.
“Whoa.”
Reisis quickly removed parts of her body.
It was a repulsive form, but the researchers couldn’t even express it.
The moment you give meaning to your body, your neck will fly off, just like Sirone.
“From now on, we are doubling clone production. Be sure to find out what changes have taken place.”
said the biologist anxiously.
“It’s too dangerous. Syrone controlled the biotic bond. If, by any chance, the commander is eaten back, no creature will be able to stop Sirone.”
Resis wasn’t happy with that either.
“For the time being, experiment with Type A only. The clone before going to Babel. It would be fine without the Ultima System.”
“But in the end, the main body is type B. The risk remains the same.”
“doesn’t care. If you set the main type to me, even the Ultima system won’t be able to use its power.”
According to the myth, Ilhwa’s liquor was created to destroy the Ultima system, but it was unpredictable unless you knew how much of it was true.
Reisis smiled bitterly.
“Even if I get eaten.”
“yes?”
“If I and Sirone become one, it will be something that is neither me nor Sirone. That’s it. If I can become one with Sirone, I won’t stop experimenting. Proceed like this.”
Even if you set the main type, what will eventually be born is just a completely new creature.
That’s why it didn’t matter to her what her defining characteristics were.
But the biologist was still reluctant.
The Raysis thinks that mixing is enough, but the Ultima system completely controls the biological combination.
And researchers know nothing about how that’s possible.
‘Yes, sirone can’t turn things around. At most, becoming one with the commander is everything.’
Nevertheless, the reason for his anxiety was his vast experience in the laboratory for a long time.
To be optimistic that nothing will happen means that the information we have is limited to a narrow framework.
Variables are always unknown outside of cognition. And when something starts to move in that darkness… … .
‘Is it really okay to proceed like this?’
Bioshock happens.
—————————————

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-435.txt
=============YYYYY=============
[435] Opportunity for Revenge (7)
Back in the room, Lacey unclips the cloak.
A red cloth trickled down her shoulders like a liquid and landed on the floor.
The photon cannon struck and through the torn clothes, the wounds that looked like fire were visible.
Annoyedly, Lacey threw off her clothes and stood in front of the mirror to look at herself.
What a hideous body.
A monstrous object that did not fit anything of truth, goodness, and beauty, and that no one could say was beautiful upon seeing it, was clinging to the neck.
His body was dry, distorted, and even dull in color, but even this was a result of desperate efforts.
“It’s disgusting… … .”
Reisis was a subject. It is also a very outstanding citizen.
However, he was listed as a subject of anecdotal alcohol because he approached the creation myth, which is forbidden from investigation in heaven.
It melts. Become a terrible giant.
It was a sin to even show fear in the face of divine magic, but she knew it.
The fact that the alcohol of anecdotes is the most terrible tragedy that human beings can experience, and the end more gruesome than death.
Like some of Anecdote’s drink subjects, Reisis also purchased the stimulant Epines through a secret route.
No one knows if it works, but even this is valuable to someone who has reached a dead end.
Leisis held Epines like the water of life and sat on a bench in the plaza and prayed fervently.
‘I hope my spirit dwells in the giant’s body.’
“Do you want to live?”
A voice came as if it had answered a call.
It was a middle-aged man with a benevolent look and a handsome beard.
I heard rumors that there were people who tried to analyze and approach it academically when everyone believed in the magic of anecdote as a sacred magic.
The man was also of that kind, and he passed on a secret art to Reisis.
“If you want to live, eat this before you get into Ilhwa’s sake.”
What the man handed over was a small gourd the size of a finger.
“What’s in it?”
“fly.”
“Ugh!”
Reisis frowned, but the man spoke sternly as if revealing an important fact.
“Swallow it alive. Then you will be able to live.”
Just imagining it was disgusting, but because it was a life-and-death matter, Reisis couldn’t bear to throw away the vial.
Thus, the anecdote’s sake was implemented, and Reisis opened the lid of the vial with the thought that it would be worth the money.
When I put the spout of the bottle in my mouth and raised my head, something hard went around my mouth. Vomiting set in.
Resisting the feeling of disgust, Lacey swallowed the fly.
Kergoin came in, undressed her, and led her to one of the eight glass spheres erected next to the giant’s statue.
‘Please, please save me.’
While the plasma filled up, Reisis was so terrified that she couldn’t even open her eyes and prayed.
The black liquid filled the glass sphere, and her body was disentangled and mixed with the others.
I felt like I was drunk in a place where countless consciousnesses merged.
It was different from the expected death, but it was a hopeless state that could not even feel alive.
The giants born in each district gathered together and started a procession toward Jotunheim.
As the day passed and a new dawn broke, one of the countless giants knelt down screaming.
The giant’s body was soon separated into flesh and bones, and it melted and flowed like porridge.
Only Reisis was crouching on her knees in the place where the foul smell emanated.
“omg! omg!”
Upon regaining consciousness, the first thing she realized was the joy of life.
The man was right.
After eating the fly, he really came back alive from the giant’s body.
‘it’s okay! I live!’
thud! thud!
When giants much taller than her height shook the ground, she set aside her joy for a moment and jumped.
It was much lighter than before, and it felt good.
I was just thirsty.
When I thought about that, to my surprise, I felt that there was a spring water several kilometers away.
‘Your senses are sensitive. Could it be the ability of a giant?’
I ran and ran, but I couldn’t even breathe.
The moment she finally arrives at Ongdalsaem and bends her upper body for haegal,
“Quaaaaaaagh!”
The forest was embroidered with the screams of Reisis, who was filled with despair when she found her face reflected in the water.
What is crueler than the shock of seeing a terrible face is that it is none other than one’s own image.
Reisis shouted like a madman.
“no! give me back my body! I mean bring it back!”
At that time, the man who taught Reisis the secret art slowly approached through the forest.
The one who turned Reisis into a monster.
But now, many years have passed since then, she suddenly remembers it.
Maybe that man was the only one who fully acknowledged himself.
“Why, why did you make me like this! Why did you do this to me!”
“Because I said I wanted to live. What could be more important to living things than that?”
“Don’t talk nonsense! If it were you, would you be able to live with such an ugly appearance?”
The man laughed.
“Whatever it is, you are you. By destroying form, you have acquired infinite form.”
Reisis looked at the man walking away with a devastated expression.
In the midst of the terrible fact that there was no way to turn it back, she came up with the only question.
“you are… … Who the hell are you?”
The man stopped walking and turned his head slightly. And he said his name was Satan.
Reisis looked at her reflection in the mirror with cold eyes.
How many humans did he combine with to become at least a human-like form?
It absorbed the traits of Norse, Kergoin, Mecca, and even those from the Land of the Earth.
It brought powerful weapons and vast knowledge to Raysis, but it also produced severe side effects.
Abnormal changes occurred in various parts of the body even if he was a little careless, and he also moved regardless of his will.
“Sirone. You are my savior.”
Sirone’s spirit can contain all qualities, and she intended to blend the most beautiful beings in the world.
It was the body of an angel.
* * *
Second thousand Rakia. City of fallen angels.
A place where since ancient times, the angels who were negligent in their duties, obsessed with their own power, and wielded the law at will, were imprisoned.
Kariel looked down from above Rakia.
Still, the dissolute fallen angels were wasting their life spans of eternity in their idleness.
“Heh, useless things.”
Kariel turned his attention to Rakia after requesting support from the giant corps leader Girshin, but was rejected.
Fallen angels are also angels, so there is no reason not to obey Ankera’s message, but he was confident that one person would be an exception.
Ikasa, the angel of desire.
A fallen angel who captured Amy’s group and offered them to the Buddha during the incident in Area 73.
At that time, Ikasa wanted to be reinstated as a normal angel for bringing three virgins to Kariel, but as Sirone left for the original world, he was punished more severely.
That’s why, while countless fallen angels were killing time in vain, she alone was circling endlessly in an infinite orbit 300 meters underground, tied to a giant iron ball.
“ha. ha.”
An iron ball with a diameter of 20 meters rumbled through the grooves and rolled at terrifying speed.
In the afterimage of the rotation, Ikasa’s sorrowful face with her eyes covered and her mouth plugged passed by.
Kariel admired the trajectory of the iron ball until it turned around once, then reached out his hand toward the iron ball returning.
The asteroid flashed and unfolded into a ring, and the iron orb, which was pushing like a giant wall, came to a halt with a bang.
“Huh, huh.”
Tied to an iron ball with her back bent like a bow, Ikasa let out a painful groan as she sighed.
As Kariel cut off the skin covering her eyes, Ikasa lifted her eyelids tiredly and burst into tears.
“Hey hey… … . Hwahui… … .”
finally came
The archangel Kariel, whom everyone believed would know even if they turned away, had arrived.
“Ikasa, there is something you must do.”
Ikasa nodded her head.
“Sirone is back. Maybe it will be fun for you.”
“Hey! Hehehe!”
An exclamation of hatred erupted from Ikasa’s throat.
Kariel nodded in satisfaction and dismantled the things that bound her.
Ikasa, who was sitting on the floor, did not even have time to take care of herself, raising her head and being polite.
“Please use me, Archangel of Birth.”
“Kill Sirone. as painfully as possible. Bring his grievous face in front of me. Because there is an angel that I must show you.”
“That is my joy. However, as a lowly person, I have no way of knowing where the abominable Sirone is.”
Kariel opened the Great Law and checked the status of the central processing unit of Jebul.
The map representing the entirety of Purgatory was being engulfed in red light. In proportion to the area, it was a tremendous speed.
“Babel is searching the skies above purgatory. You should be able to search all coordinates until the day of the full moon. When that time comes, your chance will come.”
Ikasa’s eyes flashed.
Come to think of it, the day of the full moon was approaching.
The time when the law of the negative season is at its strongest in purgatory. It was also a time when she, her fallen angel, could become the most powerful.
‘Wait, Sirone.’
Ikasa’s eyes were filled with the desire for revenge.
* * *
Around midnight, Fleur’s door opened.
She was Jonah, so there was no need to show her face.
Confirming that there was no one in the hallway, she closed the door with a nimble motion and entered the depths of the headquarters.
If searching is the main thing, one is better than two, and the risk of getting caught is reduced.
Now was the right time for Sirone to be dispatched as a subordinate unit of the 2nd Command to unite the rebels.
‘No matter how you think about it, it’s suspicious. What are they doing?’
Flew, who was moving along the wall, turned a corner and hurriedly turned around.
At the end of the corridor, two sentries were walking and talking.
“Hey, sleepy. don’t they sleep What are you going to eat at this hour?”
“Geuk, eat as much as you want. It’s livestock anyway.”
The sentry suddenly stopped walking around the corner with a plate full of food.
a colleague asked.
“What, why?”
“No, I think something moved over there.”
The sentry passed the tray to his colleague and walked to the shadow cast on the wall.
There was nothing suspicious about it.
“weird. I must have dreamed of something.”
“You must have mistook it for a torch.”
“Oh, is that so?”
The flue that came down from the ceiling landed where the sentries had passed. Then a drone flew in silently and clung to his shoulder.
‘Phew, it’s surprisingly difficult to control. You almost got caught, right?’
But thanks to that, I was able to overhear the sentry’s words.
‘Are you giving me food at this time? to whom?’
Fleur followed them.
When the sentry reached the wall and touched the torch hanger, the wall opened and a secret stairway appeared.
After waiting about a minute, Flew opened the wall and went down the stairs in the same way they did.
The space was much larger than expected. Corridors connected in all directions, and there were dozens of laboratories alone.
‘What about the sentries?’
When an algorithm was applied to collect sounds by maximizing the spirit zone, their voices came through.
“You eat well like a pig. Well, where else could there be a life as happy as yours? i envy you.”
“Heuk, if you’re envious, you can go in too.”
The voice stopped for a moment.
“Shit, I hate this because it’s embarrassing. Are you literally cattle?”
As the sentries left, Fleur, who had been peeking from afar, approached the iron gate.
It was a structure that could only be opened from the outside.
‘Because what the hell is here?’
Flew’s eyebrows twisted as he put his ear to the iron door and listened.
She suddenly felt that she shouldn’t check inside, but in the end she opened Pandora’s box.
“This, this… … !”
Flew’s eyes were shocked as he peered through the cracks in the unlocked iron door.
—————————————

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-436.txt
=============YYYYY=============
[436] Opportunity for Revenge (8)
“Geumgang Armed Forces.”
Sirone stood Armand upright and murmured, and the blade covered his body in an instant, transforming into an organic robe.
The cheers of the Nord crew broke out.
Currently, Sirone was touring the units under the 2nd Command and integrating the rebels.
Today was the last day of the schedule, and since someone expressed doubts after seeing Sirone’s sword, they even demonstrated it.
Since swords were the exclusive property of Kergoins in heaven, it was not unreasonable that the Norse mages were puzzled.
‘Whoa, this looks like a performance.’
The name value of the light of Area 73 was definitely great.
At least, the reaction of those who were directly running in the field was much better than that of the headquarters.
-Concentration point shape change. Unified signaling system detection.
‘what?’
Sirone narrowed her eyes at the information she had never heard before.
As we focused on the voice, Armand delivered a new fact.
– User cerebral search. synchronization. Presenting the possibility of integration into a single mental system.
‘Ah, the Ultima system.’
When a special change occurs in Sirone’s mind, Armand’s function changes accordingly.
It was only natural that Armand’s arithmetic ability was borrowed from Sirone’s brain.
-Name, Ultima System. When combined into a single mental system, it cannot be reproduced, transferred, or terminated.
-Waiting for user decision.
‘Cannot cancel? Is there such a case?’
It meant changing from a contract-type object that could be canceled at any time to an belonging-type object.
Perfect personalization weapon.
In a sense, it was completely owned by Armand, so it wasn’t a bad thing, but it was necessary to think deeply.
‘Once it’s mine, I can’t even sell it.’
Market value 4 billion gold.
Of course, it is unlikely that Armand will be sold for any amount, but it was bad taste to remove the possibility of transfer outside of money.
‘What if they integrate?’
– Unpredictable.
Armand couldn’t find an answer to that.
Armand couldn’t analyze what Sirone didn’t know.
‘Anyway, I have no choice but to do it.’
Sirone put aside his lingering feelings and decided to share the Ultima system with Armand.
If you exchange information with a single signal, you can feel Armand almost like your own skin.
The variables of the future were incomparable to the desperation of the present.
Since I came to heaven, there was no tomorrow, and if there was any room for reinforcement, it was a reasonable choice to desperately cling to it.
– Construction of an integrated mental system.
“Huh!”
Sirone lifted her head and opened her upper body wide.
Armand’s organic matter rapidly tightened and put pressure on his body.
Dozens of tentacles protruded like thorns and moved in and out, then entangled like a whirlwind and changed their shape.
“Whoaaaa!”
The rebels watched Sirone with their eyes wide open.
The rag-like robe had changed into a simple and neat appearance.
<Demonic Sword Armand> Ultima Version (Equipment : 0)
In Sirone’s thoughts, the ideal magician’s robe was embodied as it was, controlling even the organic ends.
‘tremendous. It’s just my body.’
Until now, if information had been shared through the brain, signals were now coming and going from the realm of instinct that bypassed rationality.
It was literally an integration.
She transformed Sirone’s complicated mind into a simple signal and put it into an object.
Therefore, Sirone and Armand were able to achieve perfect compatibility and connect to the end of the ganglion.
‘Two Ultima systems… … .’
Another object that can be controlled by unifying all signals, whether living or non-living, was created.
Even Sirone didn’t know how this would play out in the future, but one thing was clear.
“Hey Nephilim! Lead us to victory!”
“Until the light of Area 73 becomes the light of Heaven!”
It was a perfect situation for directing propaganda.
* * *
Jinmai Sikjong Galtomic.
It is a powerful species that corresponds to the Purgatory Hunting Rank S. It is a gel-type collapse type with no clear shape, but when attacked, it absorbs the law of evil and transforms into a powerful entity.
Galtomic, who is currently driving Armin’s party, was a mixture of the upper half of a human and the lower half of a horse.
Every time he swung his fist, a black flash raged, and rocks the size of a cliff were shattered.
If it is an S-class creature, it means that it is so powerful that it has no natural enemies in an environment within a radius of 100 kilometers.
Above all, Galtomic’s true value lies in his immense magical ability to absorb the law and transform it into his own power.
“Crow! Crow!”
Galtomic flew up with a unique scream and swung both fists like a gale, and the ground was devastated as if the distance had disappeared.
Armin’s party, scattered in different directions, launched a counterattack.
A blizzard fell and the temperature dropped sharply, and Quan and Etella laid siege to Galtomic.
Rhythm within rhythm blended as if the sword and fist were joined together, and in the tight tempo of the attack, Galtomic was shocked and fell to the ground.
As Armin casts his slow magic, Shiina’s glacier bombing falls on Galtomic’s head, who is trapped in slowing time.
When a glacier weighing nearly 60 tons crashed, the ground trembled.
Galtomic, who squeezed out the last of his strength in the rising cold haze, flew towards Shiina like a spear of a man.
At the same time, Kuan, who flew in an S-shaped trajectory, appeared as if floating in front of Shiina and rotated.
Quan’s sword split the Galtomic in two as the air quiver from the high-speed rotation of 10 times per second pierced the eardrum.
Whoops.
Kuan’s rotational force was transmitted to Shiina through the wind.
Added to her freezing magic, the bridge of her nose was cold.
Shiina has more than ten ways to defend against a surprise attack that she has learned through experience, learning, and training, but in this case, of course, she would have to say hello.
“thank you. Thanks to you, I was safe.”
“I was just waiting for an opportunity to blow the counter.”
Shiina stopped talking and looked at Kuan’s back as he walked away.
It’s a fact that I came to know better after coming to heaven, but he had a really cold personality.
It was essentially different from Shiina’s coldness.
‘I want to have a deep conversation with you at least once… … .’
Shiina gradually became interested in the swordsman named Kuan, but on the contrary, Kuan only deepened his sense of shame.
‘Damn it! It’s completely gone.’
There were no technical mistakes in slashing Galtomic. The only problem was the beating heart.
The thought that passed through my mind at the moment of the sword was that I want Shiina to recognize her true value.
It was an unfamiliar feeling to Kuan.
I’ve never wanted to look into someone’s thoughts.
But now it was different.
He wants to know how his actions are affecting her.
‘Calm down. This is a battlefield and my grave.’
“Shina, are you okay?”
Shiina, who had been looking at Kuan, corrected her expression as soon as Armin came and turned away coldly.
“I’m not a child, so I’ll stop worrying about that now.”
Etella organized the three emotional arrows pointing in different directions in her head.
It can’t be said that teamwork is good, but maybe this situation creates a strange synergy.
‘Anyway, you’re amazing, Mr. Armin.’
Galtomic was a powerful creature that could not be inferior to any other monster on the continent.
Of course, he had never been weak in hunting so far.
Nonetheless, it was the success of the four people that made it possible to win, but it was Armin’s contribution.
Crowd control presents a lethal opportunity in combat. And Armin, who is currently in the party, is probably the most powerful crowd control mage in the world.
‘If I keep going like this, I’ll be able to run the factory soon.’
As expected by Etela, when she arrived at Nightmaeng, the bodyguards whispered.
At first, I was dubious, but after a long day, I caught an A-class or higher creature, and even the hatred of cutting off my colleague’s throat on the first day became colorless.
Frank Wein, who confirmed Galtomic’s corpse, raised the corner of his mouth.
“Awesome. I didn’t expect to be able to find a strategy so quickly.”
I had never thought of a strategy like that. Armin’s crowd control was so effective.
“I’m just asking because I’m curious, what kind of elixir came out of it?”
Ethella obediently revealed.
“12 White Elixir, 32 Intermediate Green Elixir, 15 Advanced Red Elixir.”
“Awesome. You worked hard, how about taking a break for a while? If that’s the case, it’ll be enough to spend on a spree on the mainland.”
said Armin.
“I am not here to play. Feeder Kuzen, Photosynthesizing Monster Olkir, Carnivorous Mineral Ringer. If you kill these three types of monsters, the contract will be concluded.”
“of course. From then on, I’ll give you the whole factory building, so let’s make whatever we want to make.”
“Let’s go.”
As Armin and his party left the room, Mitgan, who was standing next to Frankwine, said.
“Anyway, isn’t it too fast? Even the best hunters on the mainland catch galtomic over several days.”
“Perhaps it is because of that blind man. Others are usable, but that blind man has a different feeling. In terms of hunting grade, it is more than Triple S.”
Frankwine’s chok was animalistic in hunting as well as business.
“That’s why I’m concerned. It may become an obstacle to night blindness in the future.”
“It’s okay, it’s okay. Do merchants do business while going after people? Send the corpse to Resis. Don’t forget our conditions.”
Mitgan seemed to have something more to say, but eventually shut up and left the room.
The corners of Frankwine’s mouth, left alone, were grotesquely torn.
‘Keukkeukke, it turned out to be a huge game. Right, Raysis?’
* * *
The Fuzix Machine flashed.
As the glass tube disintegrated, Sirone, whose biological bond had ended, popped out.
The type A clone without the Ultima system was clearly different from the type B.
So far, certain traits have been accepted without difficulty, but a level of collapse that cannot be overlooked has occurred, and the shape has not been controlled.
Sirone’s body was covered with red scales, and smoke rose from one eye.
It was a day when a comprehensive fusion of the corpses received in the night blind was held. And it was also the day when the traits of Galtomic, a Jinmai plant, were added for the first time.
“Yes, Commander. Look at these numbers! Awesome!”
The value of the horsepower measuring device developed in-house was rising exponentially.
Galtomic’s magical power amplification combined with Sirone’s incarnation was emitting tremendous magical power.
Akamai shook as Shirone’s mana exploded.
Even though Akamai was further strengthened from the prototype, it was powerful enough to break the Antithesis.
Wow!
As photon cannons were fired in all directions of the laboratory, Raysis looked at Sirone with wonder.
‘Ah, Sirone. You are so beautiful.’
It was demonic love.
A love that has no consideration for the other person, only possessiveness.
“Commander! Action must be taken! Then the lab… … !”
Until the researcher’s cry was drowned out by the roar of the photon cannon, Resis did not even move.
As the combination progresses, Sirone is getting closer to being the strongest creature.
And all the information obtained here will be used to strengthen Akamai.
“Whoop whoop. Shall we start with the first kiss?”
Lacey’s skin began to redden, and her back stretched as it bent, and vertebrae jutted out along her back.
The thighs hardened like rocks, and the soles of the feet stretched like reptiles.
“Kuaaaaa!”
Smoke, a mixture of fire and lightning, vomited straight from her mouth, covering Sirone.
“Great!”
Sirone’s body melted, but was regenerated in an instant.
It was the trait of the immortal cell proliferation body, the sensor.
“Kyakyakyakyakya! That’s cool, Sirone! Do you think so too?”
Sirone disappeared with the ability of Hororos, the invisible ear.
Since there is no Ultima system, the nature of various monsters was working in his mind.
“has disappeared! Find it quickly!”
As soon as the researcher reached the scanning device, a spurt of goo melted him.
“Aaaaaaa!”
Acid Poison King Muusa’s ability.
If it hits properly, even the super-strong metal prepared with the elixir will melt away.
Toxic fumes rose as the slime fell to the floor.
Researchers gripped her throat and suffered, and Reisis held up her wide hands to stop the mucus.
In an instant, the hands flowed down, exposing the bones, and even the bones fell like burnt matchsticks.
“Keugh!”
Raysys was also at its limit this far.
If you fight further, the laboratory will be destroyed as the researcher said.
“Release Akamai!”
The researcher, who was on the verge of fainting, pressed the scanning device.
When Sirone’s coordinates were confirmed, three more Akamai came in from the left and right walls and activated the Antithesis.
Veins stood up in Akamai’s eyes as he desperately held on to Shirone.
Even so, Sirone was moving slowly.
The face of Reisis, who had turned into a monster, was distorted in an embarrassing way.
‘I can only catch them with four Akamai.’
It is not simply because new traits have been added.
Through biological feedback, Sirone’s potential was exploding.
* * *
Armin’s group faced difficulties for the first time after receiving the list from the night blind.
The creature that put them in trouble was Ringer, a carnivorous mineral species belonging to the hunting grade Double S.
2 meters tall and weighing 14 tons.
It has four legs, but when in a hurry, it rolls its body round like a ball.
Its high speed also made hunting difficult, but the most serious was its grayish-white metal-covered carapace.
Kwak Kwah Kwah Kwah!
In the place where Ringer rushed, there was no doubt that a path was formed, and trees and rocks exploded without any cover.
Armin cast two types of slow magic on the left and right of Ringer. As the time zones diverged, the ringer bounced at a tremendous speed.
bang! Kwak Kwa Kwa Kwam!
Judging from the relativity of time, it was an attack that should have torn apart even the rebar, but Ringer just rolled around like a ball that ate a rough turn.
“Whoa, this is really… … .”
Armin was also the first to see such a creature.
Although there are many types of strength, Ringer was a creature that was unrivaled in durability.
After confirming that Kuan’s sword did not even go through her teeth, Etella made a decision.
“If you do it this way, you won’t be able to catch it even when the sun goes down. We cooperate.”
Shiina said.
“Brother slow down the ringer with a slow. I’m going to cast Absolute Zero.”
Etel also thought that method was good.
“Then I will finish.”
After a short meeting, the actual match was held immediately.
As the ringer caught in the slow slowed down, Shiina hit with Absolute Zero, the strongest spell of freezing.
“Kiaaaaaa!”
At the same time, Etella rushed in.
Thousands Arms Guanyin Lightning Strike.
Etella’s body, which continued to hit the uppercut, caused afterimages in place.
As the pair, which can be said to be the peak of the fire, entered, 68,000 interference waves occurred.
Cuckoo coo coo!
Crouching Ringer’s body shook heavily.
Five seconds later, the carapace subtly went into incontinence, and Ringer’s body exploded with a bang.
“Whoa.”
Ethella sat down with a tired expression.
The most astonishing thing was the durability of the Yin-Yang Wave Fist, which only caused incontinence.
“It is reckless. It was definitely a double S level.”
Armin agreed.
“If it wasn’t for the wave series, it would have been much harder to deal with. I’m curious when it comes to this. Why does Night Blind collect the corpses of these creatures?”
match. match. match.
Just then, applause came from the forest.
Feeling an ominous feeling, Armin and the others turned their heads, and there was silence for a while.
It was the Cage B team we met on the mainland. At the front, assistant team leader Horkin was approaching with his hands behind his back.
“See you again in a place like this.”
Ethella said with a smile on her face.
“Iknow, right. It must have been related in a previous life.”
“It was a great inaction, as I had heard rumors. by the way… … Where is Gaold now?”
“yes?”
Horkin raised a corner of his mouth at the sight of Etella pretending not to know without changing her expression.
“I’m sorry I didn’t know at the time. Bishop of the Carsis Monastery, Miss Romi Etela.”
As if it was a promise, life bloomed in everyone’s body.
—————————————

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-437.txt
=============YYYYY=============
[437] The Day of the Full Moon (1)
silence.
Various emotions crossed in the silence that could not be added.
Ethella corrected her expression as if she had never done that and looked closely at Horkin.
It had to be assumed that he had already noticed, and in such a situation, the question of ‘how?’ was not important.
“It was an excellent performance. If you were Gaold’s group, you would have known that we were the Cage team that the Association had sent to.”
A long time ago, when Horkin wasn’t as gray as he is now, there was a rumor spread all over the country that a genius monk had come out of the Karsis Monastery.
Although Karsis is famous on the continent, it was also a fact that could not be known unless you were particularly interested in the composition.
At that time, Horkin had stopped by the order’s headquarters for a mission and saw a young girl at the succession ceremony there.
‘I almost missed it. I’m glad I haven’t gotten dementia yet.’
It was Romi Ethella.
A teacher at Alpheas Magic School.
What are the odds of meeting a teacher from Gaold’s school in heaven?
Even if it could be a realistic probability to some extent, Horkin’s point was certain that Etela was the clue they were looking for.
“Is it the last resort of those who knew and pretended not to know? Then an excellent choice. Now that you’ve pulled enough, can you tell me where Gaold is?”
The 20 wizards standing behind Horkin overwhelmed Armin’s party with their terrifying energy.
‘It’s dangerous.’
Judging by Armin as a mage, head-to-head confrontation is difficult.
Of course, his teammates were also very strong, but they were also Romi Etella and Olifer Siina.
While everyone was watching the opponent’s reaction, the swordsman Kuanman walked forward.
As a swordsman who has wandered the battlefield, I know how great they are, but the swordsman just fights to slash the enemy in front of him.
“Do nothing. If it moves at all… … .”
Horkin asked.
“What if it moves?”
Kuan’s body flew and spun in an instant.
However, Horkin was no longer there when the strong wind blew.
‘Things like rats… … .’
Ten meters away from Quan, a man in a weasel coat was holding Horkin by the back.
As a search-type wizard, Stiklo, he is a certified 5th-class wizard who majored in sonar magic.
The propagation speed of sonar in a liquid medium is approximately 1,500 m per sec.
If the transmission speed exceeds Mach 4, a clumsy attack will not work from the beginning.
Stick said in a dry voice.
“You are quick-tempered.”
“Doing nothing… … .”
Kuan threw herself again.
“It means don’t even tease your tongue.”
Starting with Kuan’s preemptive attack, 25 people moved at the same time.
With each individual movement showing off, Aroella of Fire aimed at Shiina and approached.
“Fire Extreme!”
Dense flames dripping from Aroella’s head soared, forming a torrent of fire that struck Shiina.
Shiina clenched her fists and widened her eyes.
The air froze with the sound of breaking glass.
Thousands of thorny flowers bloomed, and the flames of Fire Extreme quickly cooled as if they were drowned in water.
‘It’s definitely not a friendly team.’
The two teams, having tasted the capabilities of their opponents once, entered a full-scale confrontation.
As Cage Team B stepped forward in earnest, the balance of power began to tilt rapidly.
Team leader Rose’s fragrance magic disturbed the spirit, and when Mami’s speech magic was cast, the ground swayed like a wave.
With all kinds of buffs, shields, recovery magic, and a show of force by a battle mage who was not inferior to the swordsman’s incompetence, Armin’s party was pushed back two kilometers from their original position.
water dragon.
A huge stream of water cast from the water-powered mongrang swept everywhere.
Absolute Zero.
When Shiina casts a lethal magic while dealing with Aroella, the water dragon froze in its form.
On top of that, Ethella ran.
Yin-Yang Wave Fist – Short Wall.
From a distance of 10 cm, her fist struck Mont Rang’s side dozens of times.
The heavy liquid defended the impact point, but even that was shattered by the power of the wave.
‘We have to reduce at least one person!’
The moment she took a step and was about to finish, the bald man rolled on the floor hugging Etella’s shoulders.
He was in a state of close contact so that he could not budge, but the veins that rose from his bald temple gradually thickened.
‘Keugh! What kind of woman is strong… … .’
Indeed, he is the bishop of the Karsis Monastery.
Ethella tried to stand up, but the bald head, who knocked her down, opened her mouth wide and bit her neck.
It was the ability of Benifis, a battle mage who strengthens his strength by eating the opponent’s flesh.
As Benifis munched on Etella’s flesh and raised her head in rapture, Etella raised her upper body and delivered a head-butt.
Kwajik!
Benifis’ nose is broken.
However, thanks to various buffs and recovery magic, the embracing posture did not loosen.
“Now!”
At Benifis’ cry, Tarvan held out both palms.
It was Kaiser Blast, the vacuum bombing that destroyed the Demon God Belkyr.
Whoa!
Armin’s party spread in a fan-shaped formation was meaningless, and the radius was so wide that it was devastated.
With the thick haze swaying in the wind, Team B, who had finished the battle, marched proudly.
“what?”
there was nothing.
It should have been a corpse, but all I could see was a plain where everything had been swept away as if sashimi had been thrown away.
Tarvan asked, looking back.
“this… … Who will explain?”
Aroella opened her mouth.
“First of all, it is magic. The blue haired girl was fighting me at close range. There is no reason for her to suddenly disappear.”
Monoros, an unlocker and regular eater, gave his opinion.
“Perhaps, if there is a possibility, it will be a man with bandages. Because he was an unrocker just like me.”
Saint Moriac said.
“What kind of magic in Unlocker is like this? Can there be magic in the world where 21 cage-level players can disappear without even noticing?”
Mami, a snake-like serpent, furrowed her thin eyebrows.
“It’s not gone. Like… … Feeling disconnected? Something must be broken.”
“It’s a stop.”
Everyone turned to Horkin.
“You mean stop magic?”
“okay. I heard there’s one in the ivory tower. A blind wizard who uses stop.”
“I can’t be so sure. Just because he can’t see, there’s no guarantee that he’s an ivory tower wizard, and there’s no guarantee that what we’ve suffered will stop.”
To put it simply, Horkin was right, but metal mage Roche’s rebuttal was reasonable.
There are few blind people in the world, and even fewer ivory tower wizards.
However, there was only one wizard in the world who could use stop.
“Besides, what’s helping Gaold in the Ivory Tower? Gaold basically doesn’t trust people. He is a human being who has been kept secret for 20 years.”
Saint Moriac said.
“I don’t think it is. He’s not out of touch with people. Because he doesn’t have to hang out. He can join hands with anyone and fight anyone to save Maze.”
“stop.”
Rose stopped the meeting.
“There are too many families. In any case, the opponent has stop magic or a crowd control technique of equivalent power. and… … He’s probably helping Gaold.”
Even Rose, who said that, had no choice but to use the family law.
It must have been a recognition of the fact that the difficulty of the mission had increased significantly.
Horkin arranged.
“What the manager wants to say is this. As long as the blind man is by his side, it is impossible to get rid of Gaold.”
Tarvan asked.
“So, you’re just sucking your fingers?”
Communication Wizard Wagan intervened.
“wait a minute. Before that, there is a question that needs to be looked into first. If they really help Gaold, what the hell were they doing here?”
Horkin ran his beard down.
“Hmm, that’s right. There is no need to disperse the team in a dangerous place like this. In fact, we are also very inefficiently sticking together.”
“that’s right. And Gaold is crazy about Miro. If that person is enough to split the team, it’s going to be a pretty big deal. So if you trace back what they’ve been doing here, won’t Gaold come out eventually?”
“indeed… … I guess.”
Rose rested her chin and thought.
It was definitely the clearest solution in the current situation.
“good. return to the mainland If we can find out who is instigating Etela to move, we should be able to figure out Gaold’s whereabouts as well. However, combat is a last resort. A man in bandages must not intervene.”
no one objected
No one is docile enough to follow the team leader’s instructions straight away, but even they think it’s better to keep the bandaged man as far away as possible.
“Then let’s go.”
21 flashes soared into the sky.
* * *
It was early evening when Sirone returned from touring the units under the 2nd Rebel Command.
However, the moonlight was so strong that it was difficult to look around.
“Wow.”
Sirone looked up at the night sky as if possessed.
There was a moon 10 times larger than seen on the original planet.
It was the day of the Great Full Moon, which is said to have the strongest negative law in Purgatory.
Maybe that’s why in the forest near the headquarters, the monsters’ cries didn’t stop.
“Ominous. Something must happen.”
“don’t worry. Even angels don’t patrol these days. If it’s not an angel, group magic can stop it enough.”
Sirone arrived in front of the headquarters and greeted me.
“I will go in first. Thank you for your effort.”
“Ah, the captain also worked hard.”
Returning to the inn, Sirone sat down on the bed with an exhausted body.
I wanted to lie down, but before I had time to do anything, the door burst open.
“Sirone!”
Flu came in.
“uh? Seniors?”
After looking outside for a while, Fleur closed the door and sat down next to Sirone.
“I have something to tell you.”
“Why is your expression like that? What happened while I was away?”
“During the few days you were gone, I checked out the underground facility. But there… … .”
Flew frowned.
The headache struck again. Well, imagining the scene at that time still grinds my teeth.
She was never shaken under any circumstances, so Sirone finally got curious.
“What the hell is going on?”
“It’s a human clone.”
“yes? What clone?”
“I know why Reysis took our blood. It’s not like this right now… … .”
Woo woo woo woo woo!
Then an ominous sound wave shook the headquarters.
Sirone’s heart skipped a beat.
I don’t remember, but I’m sure I’ve heard it.
‘no way… … !’
HQ was already in a state of panic when Sirone and Fleur came out into the hallway.
It was the vibration of an angel that anyone living in purgatory would have heard of.
“Hmm, you mean this place?”
Outside the headquarters, in the light of the full moon, Ikasa floated in the air with her toes together and her chin resting.
From the outside, it was just a cliff, but there would be no lies in Babel’s search results.
No matter how much you hide in nature, the place where humans live has a unique artificial feeling.
Babel, who had searched all over Purgatory, pointed out this place as the most likely location for the rebel headquarters.
The odds were a whopping 83.3785 percent.
“Is there anything, you insignificant humans! Hurry up and show yourself!”
Ikasa shouted, but the cliff was depressingly silent.
Of course, she couldn’t have been unaware that he was checking this place from inside the wall.
“Huh, you’re going to come out like that, right?”
Ikasa spread her arms wide and received the energy of the moon.
The presence of fallen angels is much lower than that of regular angels, but on the day of the full moon, humans could easily be wiped out.
“Haaaaaa.”
With a cold groan, her astral body unfolded into a halo, and her own intellect began to become embedded in the Halo.
As a certain calculation was completed, countless dark ink colored magic circles rotated around the Halo like gears.
‘I desire.’
Infinite Justice Halo Halo – Valhalla Action.
puck! The shape of a fist was stamped on the rock wall with a dull sound.
With that as a signal flare, grooves started digging all over the cliff like a shower of punches.
Puff puff puff!
The whole world seemed to be filled with sound.
Dust rose from the beaten cliff at a speed that could not be expressed in words, and the mountain range disappeared.
The cliff rumbled as the Norse hiding inside the headquarters grabbed his head and jumped out! It started to collapse from the ground with a sound.
‘Look, how insignificant these beings are… … .’
Ikasa’s eyes were blurry.
In the scene where the desire was realized in front of my eyes, dry pleasure was rising up my spine.
—————————————

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-438.txt
=============YYYYY=============
[438] The Day of the Full Moon (2)
Rebel 1st Command.
Commander Crude came out and looked at the full moon.
As he recalled the memory of a unit disappearing every day the moon rose, a vengeful spirit stirred in his heart.
‘Even for the sake of my dead comrades, I will definitely win.’
“You seem to be in a lot of trouble.”
Crud turned his head.
Confirming that Sein was approaching, he looked back at the moon and said.
“not really. Angel patrols have not yet been reported. It seems that this Great Full Moon Day will pass safely.”
Sain’s gaze went to the same place as Crude.
“Right.”
Crud turned around and said as if he had suddenly remembered.
“How are you doing? Is your study over?”
Sein has been observing the motion of the planets day and night in order to obtain the exact coordinates necessary for God’s punishment.
“To some extent.”
“Astronomy. To the little things under the sky, what does that mean? Especially if you are at war.”
“It still doesn’t make any sense. But sooner or later the time will come when that will be the only meaning.”
Crude raised one eyebrow.
“I don’t know what you are talking about.”
“I can’t reveal it yet. Not bad for the rebels anyway. At least you won’t be beaten one-sidedly.”
‘Is it some kind of self-destruct tactic?’
By studying the motions of the planets, what Crude could guess was the limit.
It was only natural that even Gaold and Sein were stunned when they heard Sirone’s method.
“Loyalty!”
Kanya came out of the barracks and saluted.
Lena and her father, the Witcher, were standing next to her.
The witcher, who left heaven after leaving his wife who had died, was a military official who taught maintenance skills to the current mecha crew.
Crude received a salute.
“So, what’s going on at this hour?”
“Ah, that… … Being in the barracks is a bit frustrating.”
It was not recommended for Kuroi unit members to take walks with their families at night, but Crud did not criticize them.
Any rebel had the right to feel the anxiety of the full moon day.
Kanya asked Sein.
“Is there any news from Sirone?”
“Guard Rock visited a few days ago. It seemed to be going smoothly.”
The anecdote in which Sirone overturned the 2nd Command with the Nephilim’s ability was a secret that only a few in the 1st Command knew.
Like other executives, Crude was also displeased with Sirone’s transfer to the 2nd Command, but did not show it.
It wasn’t what really mattered.
“I’m saying this now, but I don’t think Reisis really accepted Sirone.”
Sein turned around.
“You said there was a feud. A difference of opinion about biological experiments?”
“On the surface. However, during the war, we do not lose half of our power to the extent of biological experiments. What she did in her time was not in line with the common sense of the Norse, let alone Meccans.”
“Are you saying you’ve crossed the line? What have you done?”
Crude’s face was cruelly distorted.
“Laysis… … .”
Hey hey hey hey!
A rupture that rips through the sky swallowed Crude’s words.
“Aww!”
Crude frowned at the sound wave hitting the goal directly, while Kanya and Lena grabbed their heads and sat down.
The witcher, who held her two daughters in her arms, looked up at the dome-shaped, electricity-filled sky.
“It’s an ultrasound. It collided with a magnetic field.”
Sein raised his head with his iron eyes flashing with emotionless faces.
Something reflected in the moonlight was flying rapidly from the other side of the sky.
– Termination of the search algorithm.
Babel turned off the search function and sent the results of searching all over Purgatory to Kariel through wireless communication technology.
– Magnetic field detection. 92.7% target probability.
All she could see was a dense forest, but the program detected that 0.3 percent of the landscape had the same structure as the rest of the landscape.
Artificiality that looks like light copied and pasted.
It was the rebel command.
– Switch to attack mode.
Babel’s eyes burned red.
– Blow approved.
When the barbell flew straight into the command center airspace with a sonic explosion, Sein cast a mass teleport.
Aaaaaaaaaaaagh!
A huge crater with a diameter of 30 meters was created around the point where the barbell was pierced into the ground.
Emergency sirens sounded throughout the headquarters and lights began to come on in clusters in the barracks building.
“damn! What is it?”
Just as Crude gritted her teeth and stepped into the crater, a tall woman with an inky color stepped up onto the crater with a clatter of footsteps.
Kanya’s voice trembled.
“Hey, isn’t that a machine?”
– Punish the subjects.
A short command was given to Babel’s program.
* * *
Infinite Justice Halo Valhalla Action.
Ikasa’s unique ability, Valhalla Action, has the power to reverse cause and effect.
If you desire something, the result is realized on the condition that you pay back the time and effort required for the action later.
For example, when she desires to go from A to B, Ikasa can reach the distance that would normally take 10 seconds.
However, if there is an obstacle between points A and B, you must pay for the possibility of bypassing or destroying it.
If you can only get to B by destroying the obstacle and it takes 5 minutes, then Ikasa, who arrives at point B, is incapacitated for 5 minutes and 10 seconds, and fills the cause.
Calculating the causal rate is the core of Valhalla.
Just as the other side inflates when you press a balloon with your finger, when you set the desire A, the result B automatically comes out.
Therefore, desires beyond Valhalla’s computational power do not materialize into reality from the beginning.
For example, if you desire ‘I want to go inside that rock’, it is impossible to realize it.
This is because there is no space inside the rock to begin with.
However, if a space is created in some way in the rock, it will be realized even if Ikasa is not aware of it.
What this means is that Valhalla’s arithmetic system is influenced by the Akashic Records, which cover parts from the whole, rather than mathematical truth.
In a similar case, it is impossible to realize ‘I want to decapitate that human’.
Valhalla cannot calculate the subsequent actions of human beings, and thus cannot reach the ‘action’.
‘Only Sirone needs to be removed.’
Looking down at the rising dust clouds, Ikasa’s eyes contained a cold murderous intent.
To her who wanted to be reinstated as a regular angel, Sirone was an existence she had to kill in addition to her personal revenge.
It was also true that he was aware of the fact that Kariel was currently showing a disturbing movement in Heaven, but it was also true that it was the only rope he could hold on to Icasa, who had committed two serious crimes.
‘It’s coming back soon.’
22 minutes 42 seconds.
Under normal causality, it would take Ikasa to topple a mountain with only his fists.
Even considering that it was a full moon day, it was a power that could be said to be celestial.
While 22 minutes and 42 seconds passed like that, the rebels on the ground did their best to clear the dust cloud.
The collective magic Mahagard is blowing dust, but the haze that collapsed an entire mountain did not go away easily.
Sirone and Fleur managed to get out before the cliff collapsed, and they kept their eyes on the surroundings without moving anywhere.
Flew, who took out a phoenix from Kubrick and wielded it, gave Dawkins Algorithm to the spirit zone.
A function that automatically reacts when an object penetrates the spirit zone above a certain speed.
Accordingly, when Sirone brought out Armand and activated Diamond Arms, Fleur immediately realized the change.
The rag-like robe was as clean as new, and except for the artificial brain, it was blue like the Ultima system I saw in Babel.
“What happened?”
“I integrated it with the Ultima system.”
Flew pondered what it meant and gave up his lingering feelings.
That wasn’t what mattered right now.
“Are there any functions that are useful in battle?”
I wasn’t sure yet.
This is because he has never fought as Armand since integrating with the Ultima system.
“I don’t know. It has changed from sharing ideas to integration, but how does that work… … .”
Finally, the dust clouds cleared, and the bright full moon shone brightly on the ground again.
The exposed landscape of the ground was miserable.
The headquarters cliff was shattered to the point that not a single intact pillar could be found, and Norse corpses were strewn beneath the rubble.
The result of one surprise attack.
This ability to destroy common sense was the reason the subjects feared the angels.
“That… … !”
Sirone opened her eyes wide at the tribute floating in the sky. At the same time, a memory came to him that he didn’t want to think about.
‘Ikasa.’
A fallen angel who helplessly watched Amy, Tess, and Arin get kidnapped right in front of their eyes.
The movement was so fast that even the eyes could not follow it.
“Sirone, what’s wrong?”
“I’ve seen it before. He is a fallen angel.”
It was much better than the average angel, but I didn’t feel that my chances of survival had increased.
Ikasa crossed her arms and came downstairs.
An ominous vibration made the rebel’s heart pound.
“Huh, you should have come out when you said that. Did you think you could disobey me on a subject worse than a bug?”
When her words were transmitted to the mind through the power of the angel, one of the surviving executives shouted.
“Focus on me! Fight back with collective magic!”
The executive prepared the giant magic Aruope.
It was a magic that boasted the best cutting power among magic that uses the energy of air.
Ikasa, who watched dozens of wizards link the spirit force to the executive, laughed.
“Stupid things.”
Ikasa moved.
It was similar to the movement of electrons that exist with probability in space.
Appearing like an afterimage in front of dozens of crew members, she knocked them all out with her fists attached to her fragile wrists.
From low-level wizards to executives, the class pyramid quickly collapsed, and the coup ended in an instant.
“Ouch!”
As Ikasa’s fist sank deep into his abdomen, blood gushed out from the officer’s mouth.
“Knock-knock! After all, killing humans is fun!”
Ikasa was strong.
She could knock down a mountain in 20 minutes, but she was able to take down dozens of human wizards without Valhalla action.
However, she remained true to the concept of the source, and Sirone clearly realized the function of her halo.
‘Equivalent exchange of cause and effect.’
The Ultima System detected exactly that feeling.
When Ikasa, who had wiped out the rebels, turned around, electricity ran down the backs of Sirone and Fleur.
It was the eyes of a fallen angel filled with the desire for revenge.
“Sirone, do you know how long I’ve been waiting for this day? Back then, I ran away like a rat.”
“I’m not forgetting what you did.”
“Ho Ho! No, I think I forgot. She couldn’t move her fingertips and the women were taken away. Will it be different now?”
Sirone wrinkled his nose and lowered his stance.
“Be careful, old man. That angel halo seems to be able to reverse cause and effect.”
Flew also saw with his own eyes what the rebels were going through, so his understanding came quickly.
“Let’s go on the defensive. First of all, you have to take your time. There will be rebels alive underground.”
Ikasa puffed out her cheeks and laughed.
“pooh! Do you know why I hate humans? Basically, it’s because they are equipped with delusions of grandeur. A grandiose delusion that everyone can achieve something with the same human 1 and human 2 themes.”
Ikasa kicked off the ground and threw a fist right in front of Fleur’s eyes, and the air shuddered.
Against the flurry of attacks, Flew’s upper body bent like a willow branch.
It’s a Dawkins algorithm effect, but it hurt like my spine was about to break, and even that didn’t seem like it would last long.
“Keugh!”
As Ikasa’s left hook exploded, Flew’s body moved away like a clothesline.
Right before the blow, he hit the back of his hand with a phoenix to buffer his strength, but it was an unbearable shock nonetheless.
“Ho-ho-ho! Struggling is also a characteristic of bugs!”
As Ikasa smiled happily and turned around, a giant tentacle snout appeared in front of her and grabbed her face.
Then, the tentacles that ascended to the sky in an oblique line bent into an arch and pinned Ikasa’s body vertically to the ground.
Aaaaaaaang!
Sprawled out, Ikasa blinked, her face still buried in the tentacles.
‘What is this?’
A shock that made the back of the head tingle. The speed of not even reacting.
It was a strange and heavy blow that could not be excused by saying that it was just a surprise attack.
“bouncer… … !”
Ikasa cut off the tentacles with her blades and charged at Sirone as if bouncing.
“Dangerous!”
Flew shouted, but what followed was completely different from what he expected.
Shirone shook her upper body to evade Ikasa’s relentless punch.
‘see! I can see Ikasa’s attack!’
If Armand was maximizing the user’s physical abilities, now Armand itself was Sirone’s body.
Everything that could be done while armed with diamonds was as easy as moving one’s fingers.
“Something like a human? I am the body of an angel!”
Ikasa pushed forward the regime of conversion.
The moment the fist reached its destination, Sirone’s body spun rapidly.
A heavy tentacle protruded from the robe and struck Ikasa fiercely on the cheek, tilting her body horizontally and sending her flying.
Aaaaaaaang!
Flew put on a dazed expression as Ikasa fell under the rubble of the collapsed command center.
In front of Sirone, who was glaring at Ikasa, Ataraxia was accumulating several times faster than before.
—————————————

=============ZZZZZ=============
