=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-1035.txt
=============YYYYY=============
City of Magic Engineering (4)
Demon races are those born from low-quality demons and are equivalent to demon beasts in hell.
However, because of his savage personality and some intelligence, there were times when he attacked cities.
‘In reality, it’s about a monkey.’ Sirone did not even dream that the attacker was actually a monkey.
‘Let’s stop worrying. They’ll be caught soon.’
Following Satan’s adage that there are no enemies in Hell, the gates of Laviette were poorly secured.
However, the city’s military power was truly formidable, and the officials in particular were comparable to the armies of Hell.
‘This is the town of magic engineering.’
Arriving at a street lined with numerous shops, Sirone entered a two-story building.
“hello.”
The purple-skinned woman who was sorting things out on the shelf turned her head.
“welcome. long-term specialty stores… … huh?”
After examining the customer’s appearance, she flew to the counter flapping her bat wings.
“How old are you?” Sirone made up her age based on what she knew from Ultima.
“I am 102 years old.”
“Hey, are you too young? But they all come to these places. Are you Ji Seongjong? Where were you born?”
“On the fire of ambition. Isn’t your sister Ji-seong’s servant too?”
Demons inherit certain characteristics of Satan, and the intelligent species were the most intelligent type among them.
Archduke Magritte was also an intelligent species, and his appearance changed according to his age.
“Ho Ho! At one time, I even took the management exam. Of course, I failed now and am here.”
“yes.”
Sirone answered casually and handed over the list.
“I want to buy something, please give me everything here. I’ll do the math with death.”
Cash was good because the archduke’s credit card would leave a record.
“I have seen it somewhere. don’t worry. Because none of the items here are stolen. what?”
The owner’s eyes sparkled as he checked the list.
“Are you going to buy a heart? This is a very difficult institution. you… … Are you able to handle it?”
“sure. I even won a prize in a contest sponsored by a chemical company. I’m buying this with prize money.”
It was a lie, of course.
“… … OK got it. hang on. First of all, 2 hearts of witches burned at the stake, and 1 heart drowned in icy water.”
Depending on the emotion right before death, the function of the heart could be used differently.
She packed everything into one big box and put it on the counter with a thump.
“700,000 deaths in all. By the way, what kind of tournament gives out so much prize money?”
“It’s a secret.”
There was nothing I couldn’t do if I made it up, but if I put it this way, I would think for myself.
“No way, did you get a scouting offer from the chemical company? You must be really smart.”
“What is that?”
Sirone checked the quantity and condition first.
“Death will earn a lot. That’s good. Because I’m working hard to earn that too.”
She rested her chin on her chin, lost in thought. Suddenly, she furrowed her brow and punched you with Shiro.
“ouch! Why are you hitting me?”
“Your child has already been torn apart. Since ancient times, if you are Ji Sung-jong, you must dream big. Do you pass the management exam and enter the chemical industry without thinking of leading hell?”
Sirone hugged the box and pursed her lips.
“What does your sister have to do with it?”
I deliberately made a childish appearance because I didn’t know if I was going to be able to do it.
“Ha, yes. What can I say to my subject. I also once dreamed of becoming a title. It’s the Yeongji that bears my name. In that sense, Laviette is really cool. Not only the grand duke’s aesthetic sense, but functionally… …
It seemed like a lullaby was about to begin, but her eyes were filled with life.
“But Yahweh, they said that the abominable man had come. Did you hear that too?”
“yes? Ah yes. I heard you.”
“He’s not cool even if I tear him to death. I want to be skinned alive. If you could hear that wormy human scream, you could do anything.”
It was a situation where there was a mouth but nothing to say.
“Why do you hate Yahweh so much?”
“huh?”
“No, I know you hate Yahweh, but it’s not this year. It’s strange, to hate someone from the moment they were born.”
The owner tilted his head.
‘They say that in a very intelligent species, the rationality transcends the original sex, and this child seems to be the same.’
Archduke Magritte was a representative example.
“Because I hate you. I never really thought about it, but maybe we were Yahweh. She chuckled as she rested her chin on her chin.
“Is it because I love you too much?”
After hearing the unexpected answer, Sirone did not respond, so she continued.
“I really don’t know. Just look at the color of the hatred I feel… … It feels close to betrayal.”
“Feeling betrayed.”
“Just how to put it, humanly speaking, what does it feel like to see your beloved partner sleeping with someone else? Doesn’t that usually make people almost crazy?”
It was an inference that was possible because she was also an intelligent species.
“The moment of birth, the incident itself must act as a kind of betrayal to us. That’s why I want to tear him to death, and I want him to be unconditionally unhappy… …
The owner’s expression softened for a moment, but soon the burning flesh dwelled in my eyes.
“I will kill you! I’m going to open my stomach, take out all my intestines, and chew them in front of you! You son of a dog!” She calmed her excitement and handed her the change.
“Anyway, don’t forget. Yahweh is our main enemy. You seem to be outstanding, so I hope you become a manager instead of a painter. You could even aim for the title of duke.”
“thank you.”
After taking the death note, Sirone bowed her head to the owner and left the store.
‘It’s a feeling of betrayal.’
The steps toward the laboratory were heavy.
That night, in the Laviette barracks.
The temporary barracks seemed to have been built by randomly kneading the intestines of creatures.
In a space with such terrible activity, 7 demons were sitting around a round table.
Raviette 7th General.
The current rank is chief of the peace, but they were veterans who had assisted the grand duke 100 million years ago.
“I missed it after all. She searched the city but could not find the woman. She is a kind of ability.”
Son Yu-jeong was hiding in the city.
“I received a report that Yahweh had entered two days ago. I was allowed to pass through once, but there is no record of leaving the castle so far. If it must be in the city, wouldn’t it have something to do with this incident?”
“Well, maybe the two of you have hooked up by now. Whatever you do, I can’t wait. I will report to the Grand Duke and ask him to delegate full authority.”
“Isn’t that a bit embarrassing? How do you say that the 7 generals who occupied countless territories failed to capture just one?”
“If you are really Yahweh’s colleague, the matter is serious. Besides, the woman is quite strong. As a result of checking the video recorded on the black box, the speed at the moment she hit the castle gate exceeded Mach.”
A moment of silence ensued.
“… … Then who reports?”
“I will.”
Executioner Ithaca.
It was a woman with pitch-black hair long enough to fill the floor like a shadow.
“And from tomorrow, security will be strengthened. Reinforce the gate guards by more than 20 times the usual.”
“That’s up to you to decide, but the way you give orders is unpleasant. There is no reason for us to follow your orders.”
“Then you guys should report it.” The meeting is over.
the next morning.
“Hey hey hey!”
A monstrous bird specialized in high-speed flight
Landed swiftly in front of Laviette’s castle gate.
“Oops.”
Next, Lethe, the president of the chemical company, jumped out.
“long time no see. Laviette.”
As she pulled the applicator down from under her chin, her beautiful, tired face was revealed.
“stop! If it moves, it will fire!”
As demons shouted from the top of the castle wall, two security guards clad in ironclad approached her.
“Who are you? Identify yourself.”
“huh? identity?”
Seeing Lethe tilt her head, the face of the police officer contorted in irritation.
‘It’s so hard I’m dying.’
Because the gates were breached, they rolled all night.
“Where is the territory you belong to! What’s your name! Tell Laviette what your business is!”
Lethe, who closed one eye tightly, fired.
“shut up! Ask one by one! Do you think I have 10 mouths? I’m here to meet the Grand Duke! What do you want?”
“what?”
The security guard’s hand grabbed Lethe’s chest.
“Is this really crazy! you are in the current situation
do you know what this is like? Teasing the wrong tongue
As it is… …
A crackling sound erupted.
The police officer’s head turned to the side.
It felt like an immediate judgment, but there were no soldiers moving among the demons on the wall.
‘what? What just happened?’
no one knew
It was the fastest slap in the world, and it was surprising that his neck was not broken.
“Where are you touching! I’m afraid I’ll just blow it up!”
“All-out attack!”
At that time, when the demons on the wall were aiming firearms according to the instructions, the gate split left and right.
thud! thud!
An ironclad knight appeared with heavy steps.
“Stop it.”
Raviette 7th General, Guimara.
True to his nickname of an armor knight, even the armor he was wearing was born from a horse.
Lethe put her hand on her waist.
“Hey, don’t be afraid. I need to take good care of the kids.”
Seeing the name of the 100-million-year-old police chief called out in the face made the hearts of the demons sink.
“excuse me… … Excuse me, but who are you?” Before he could answer, Gimara fell to one knee, driving his great sword into the ground.
“I’m sorry, Lady Lethe. The situation in the city was complicated, so I committed disrespect.”
“huh? Lethe?”
The faces of the demons who realized their identities turned pale, and all of them fell flat on their faces.
“Mother of Hell!”
“Oh, noisy! I’m busy, what the hell is going on? Everyone gets scared and blocks the road.”
“Last night the gates were breached. It was determined that it could be Yahweh’s trick, so we strengthened our vigilance.”
“Yahweh? Oh yes! Yahweh!”
Lethe, who didn’t even have time to raise Kimara up, squatted down and faced each other.
“Is Lian here too? Why, an ignorant strong man who carries a large sword on his back.”
“… … I heard that there was a commotion in the restaurant. They seem to be looking for the Archduke, but since yesterday he has been nowhere to be seen.”
‘Yesterday. It was close.’
A look of relief appeared on Lethe’s face.
“Are you in the old castle now? guide me And tell Monolas that I’m here.”
Strange eyes flashed in Kimara’s helmet.
“The Grand Duke will welcome Lethe-nim. But the chief secretary has never been in the city.”
Lethe groaned and stood up.
“What are you talking about? Yahweh is here? So, of course, there must be a Monolas.”
“My defensive radius is far beyond Laviette. To be sure, the chief of staff did not even approach within a radius of 100 kilometers, let alone the city.” The bundle in his hand suddenly fell.
“Lethe-sama?”
At that moment, Gimara clearly realized what the unapproachable wrath of the goddess was.
“This piglet is real!”

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-1036.txt
=============YYYYY=============
City of Magic Engineering (5)
The 3,000 troops in charge of Laviette’s security thoroughly searched the city.
“Shit! Where are you?” The location of Son Yu-jeong was not captured even by the security system operated by the hidden code.
“Squad 3 into the building! Kill them as soon as you see them!”
A security guard passed by, and a human figure protruded convexly from the wall made of slime.
“It’s brutal.”
Among the Taoist arts of Son Yu-jeong, there was the ability to temporarily assimilate with objects.
The mechanism of ‘string’, which changes the law with the vibration of hair, was subordinate to Hexa.
“I can’t stay hidden forever. Either invade the grand duke’s castle, or find another way.”
Richera, clinging to her waist, said.
“You can hide for 3 minutes. Can’t we just keep pulling out our hair and go?”
Son Yoo-jeong lowered her gaze, lifted Richera’s head, and slammed it into the slime wall.
“Wook! Woo!”
After making it impossible to breathe for about a minute and removing it, only the neck remained, and the face was teary-eyed.
“Why, why are you like that?”
“Are you just saying it’s someone else’s hair? A bald monkey is absolutely not allowed.”
In fact, Richera’s strategy was useful.
Even so, the reason why I couldn’t go to the grand duke was because of the long orphan hanging around my neck.
‘If you can dismantle Gingoa, you can activate it. If so… …
Just imagining it was terrifying.
‘Never! I’d rather bite my tongue and die than be treated like a slave all my life! Would you rather just go back? After all, no one in this hell can use this.’
Richera, who was staring blankly at Son Yoo-jung, whose expression changed in real time, said.
“Make up your mind quickly. Are you going or not? I don’t want to be caught and become a wall.”
Seeing the human buried alive in Laviette’s building made her desperate to be purified grow stronger.
“I’m thinking about it, so keep your mouth shut. Before you nail it to the wall right now.” As Richera kept her mouth shut, black shadows quickly engulfed the city.
Laviette Barracks.
“what? Have you still not found it?” The red demon sitting on the chair tilted back and yawned.
Special Mobility Captain Crosade.
It had long horns like a sheep, and a swirling sheep symbolizing the demons was engraved on its skin.
“Do it quickly. As soon as I find it, I will go and destroy it right away.”
Executioner Ithaca was silent.
‘Almost occupied.’
Her black hair spread like the surface of the water around her sitting at the desk with her pods in the center.
‘Black Legacy.’
Ithaca’s hair grows to the extent that it fills the city, and each one is a delicate nerve.
“Northwest.”
As I focused my attention there, my eyelids trembled and Son Yu-jeong was positioned.
“The 13 block alley on Magol Street. Not fast. It is moving at 23 kilometers per hour.”
“You’re free.”
Crossade got down from the chair and bent his knees.
“Go ahead and cut your throat.”
“It is forbidden to be careless.”
As Crosade’s thighs inflated like balloons, explosive kinetic energy was generated.
“red! I have time or stock up.”
The moment he finished speaking, Crosade flew into the sky with a bang.
Around Ithaca, whose eyes were closed, black hair flowed like a creature.
As the legacy of black took over the entire city, there was no place to hide anymore.
“What is this dark thing? It’s very embarrassing.”
“It could be the tracking ability of the demons. How about using your stealth ability now?”
“Yeah, at what age… …
Son Yoo-jung, who stopped talking, opened her eyes wide and twisted her upper body at a tremendous speed.
The ground exploded with a bang.
“Oh, did you avoid it?” When Crosade appeared in the smoke, Son Yu-jeong took out her two bags of women’s clothing.
The next moment the security forces arrived.
“There! What, Crosade-sama?”
Confirming that one of the 7 generals was there, they spread out in all directions and blocked the escape route.
Crosade extended his index and middle fingers.
“Choose one of the two. Either get beaten to death here, or get hit after death.”
Anything possible in hell.
Hwa-an gold-jeong was lit in Son Yu-jeong’s eyes, and a sound came from the hand holding the woman’s robe.
“Something like a lesser monster.”
“Quack.”
As Crosade, who shook his shoulders, spurred the ground, the oil well evaporated at the same time.
A roar shook the city.
In front of the Grand Duke’s castle, Lethe turned her head.
“what?”
The armored knight, Kimara, also sensed the unusual shock contained in the sound.
“Looks like we found the intruder. Crosade will be dispatched, so don’t worry.”
“okay?”
The 7 generals were the strongest in terms of simple force, so Lethe opened the door without worrying.
While all the demons working in the castle came out to meet him, the Grand Duke was nowhere to be seen.
Of course, the elder of the elders who can have a drink with anyone in hell is Marguerite, but… … .
‘There’s definitely something.’
It was unusual to even ignore the president of the chemical company.
“What about the Grand Duke?”
Only the butler Biel replied.
“You are in the lab. You know, once you go in, there’s no guarantee when you’ll come out.”
“So I came here myself. It’s really important, can you take me to the lab?”
“I have not received such a message.” The demons working in the castle exchanged glances with surprised expressions at the unexpected words and actions.
“Bielman.”
Life flashed in Lethe’s eyes.
“Yes, boss.”
“Aren’t you misunderstanding something? Since I treat you well, does the Grand Duke look like I’m on par with you?”
“Who would dare to defy the Mother of Hell. However, I am telling the truth.”
He was prepared for extinction through implementation, and handing over responsibility meant the same for the Grand Duke.
“ha.”
Lethe’s eyebrows curled into a smile.
“Why, really? What are we fighting for? huh? Mr. Biellmann, it’s me, it’s Lethe. Why are you so serious?”
“… … sorry.”
From Bielman’s unmoving appearance with his eyes down, Lethe felt it.
“Yahweh. are you here now? And Rihanna too. Has anyone seen it? At least the gatekeeper knows, right?”
As she looked around, the demons froze and gulped down their saliva.
There will be few people in hell who can fool the president of a chemical company with their eyes.
Even so, Bielmann was calm, and Lethe could not find lies in the eyes of the demons.
‘Is there really no Yahweh? no, that can’t be He’s already used his hand.’
Bielman’s eyes darkened coldly.
‘I’m sorry, Mr. Lethe.’
In the old castle where Magritte is staying, there is not a single demon who knows about Sirone’s whereabouts.
‘I serve the grand duke.’
It was because Bielman had killed them all.
‘It’s such a serious matter. Mistakes are unacceptable when the fate of hell is at stake.’
Lethe was frustrated and angry.
“Move.”
It wasn’t anger at Ha-geuk-sang, but it was regret for the years when they respected each other.
“If it’s like this, I won’t have to be polite anymore. I must meet the Grand Duke.”
Even when he dared to see Lethe approaching head-on, Bielman did not even flinch.
“Vicky. It is an order.”
“You know where the lab is. Is it really necessary to go back a long way?”
“No, I hate it. you get out of the way.” Lethe said behind her.
“Don’t wait.”
There was a clicking sound, and Kimara lowered her head.
“Yes, Lady Lethe.”
“If a butler disobeys the order of the chemical company president, what will be the laws of hell?”
“… … You will have to cut your throat.” Kimara, also a loyalist of the Grand Duke, had a feeling of being squeezed into his voice.
‘What’s going on? Why is Mr. Bielman having a meaningless conflict with Lady Lethe?’
When something is happening that even the 7th General of the Archduke doesn’t know about, his judgment is… … .
Lethe said.
“This is your last chance. Move.”
Bielman didn’t answer, and all that was left was Guimara’s sword to cut his throat.
10 seconds.
It was the only time Lethe could wait while recalling memories of billions of years.
Guimara chose.
‘I am a knight of the Grand Duke.’
10 seconds passed, and Lethe gnashed her teeth and turned away coldly.
“Stupid things!”
Bielmann followed her back with his eyes as she strode toward the laboratory.
Guimara didn’t ask.
‘If the Grand Duke wishes… … Guimara will not ask anything.
A small succubus, Merkede, who was watching on the middle floor, hurriedly came in.
“The president of the chemical company is coming.”
It was a bad news, but Magritte’s response, assuming this situation, was calm and swift.
“It ended up like this. It is a mountain that must be crossed at least once. For now, Yahweh will come this way.”
When the lab floor was ripped open, a deep hole that looked like intestines was wriggling.
“Stay away for a while. I don’t know how long Lady Lethe will be here, but I’ll send you a separate message.”
The hole was narrow and damp, but since Sirone was also shorter in the shape of a demon, it seemed to fit.
“wait for a sec. Apart from me, what about Lian? The person Lethe is looking for is rather Li An.”
“So I have to stay here all the more. Those affected by the Karma Chain are under the watchful eye of the Painter. The only place in this city where you can disrupt the chemical company’s hidden code is this laboratory. Of course, this is also illegal, but take it out the moment you leave
You will not be able to gamble.” said Ryan.
“Yes, Sirone. I don’t have to worry Because it’s an enemy you have to run into anyway.”
“okay. then… … be careful.”
Merkede said.
“Quickly, quickly! You are coming down now.”
As Sirone entered the hole, the intestines contracted and relaxed, sending him down quickly.
When Magritte, who had hidden the hole, opened the warehouse door, all kinds of corpses were piled up like a mountain.
“You go in here. birth god
will be able to erase the smell of You must never show signs.”
It was a terrible sight to capture, but Lian calmly dug between the corpses.
The warehouse door closed, and the laboratory door opened.
“Grand Duke.”
When Lette turned the corner, she saw Magritte buried her head in the blueprints.
“huh? No, aren’t you Lethe? Why are you in such a shabby place without a message?”
She didn’t even listen by ear.
In the silence, her gaze began to carefully scan the scene of the laboratory.
The security guard was in a state of mind.
“Oh, this can’t be…
The demon with the strongest body among the demons, and even more so, the 7th general, Crosade, was terribly broken.
York ”
Croseid, who had all the horns on his forehead broken, looked up at Son Yu-jeong.
“You bastard, you dare me… …
Son Yu-jeong, who was burning like the sun, approached me with smoke coming out of her mouth.
“Are you done now? It’s nothing special.”
The entire block of Magol Street was in a state of being devastated, and the radius of the siege reached 500 meters.
“Don’t think it’s over. All demons in hell will come after you. tear it to shreds I will rip out the intestines alive and throw them into your mouth!”
Son Yoo-jung listened to the woman.
“Yes, yes, if I lose, will you do anything?”
“Ha ha ha! stupid human! You can clearly see the road to hell that will spread to you in the future! ha ha… … !”
There was a bang.
As Crosade’s face was crushed by the blow, the security guard’s eyes tightened.
“this??????!”
In the face of the defeat of the veteran, the already ferocious nature of the demon tribe was fully awakened.
“Kuaaaaa!”
Richera’s face went pale.
“We are done! They won’t stop until Hell is gone.”
Son Yoo-jung pulled out her hair and laughed.
“haha! that would be fun too I heard that my great-grandfather almost destroyed the heavens.”
Her hair swayed and shimmered.
“The Magic of Manga Comics.”
At the same time, thousands of Son Yu-jeong were born in the sky and began to scatter in all directions.
“Kyahahaha! Grab it hard!”
The monkey’s frivolous laughter echoed throughout the city.

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-1037.txt
=============YYYYY=============
Other beliefs (1)
Emotional Disorder Case, No. 13-465.
Paimon’s Pandemonium, Emotion Scale, crossed the Central Continent and took control of the Southern Continent.
“Ouch. Gagging!”
A tall man, left alone in a huge mansion, lay on the stairs and groaned.
Clovis, the rich man of Calais.
He was the second richest person in the kingdom’s financial hierarchy and one of the 100 largest conglomerates in the southern continent.
“Why why… …
Clovis wept.
“Why are you still sick?”
At first, he killed the maid.
Next friends, then 13 wives, then 7 children.
It had all happened in one day, and he had just split open the stomach of Cassie, whom he loved.
“Couldn’t he be dead yet?”
Clinging on his reason paralyzed by pain, Clovis limped down the stairs.
His wives and children, whose eyes were open, collapsed on the cold floor, watching him.
“Huh! it hurts. so painful.”
It didn’t seem like a pain a person could bear.
“Cathy, are you still alive?”
A dog belonging to a large breed was sticking out its tongue with its intestines spilled.
“die. just die fast I’m having a hard time.”
Even the sensation felt every time he was stabbed with a long sword was as painful as breaking a bone.
“OMG! Aaaaaa!”
It was only when he saw the dog’s body that there was no more place to poke, that Clovis realized the reality.
“What should I do! I killed them all! What more do I have to give up to not get sick!”
The thrown longsword ricocheted off the wall and hit the bottom of a shelf topped with pottery.
“omg!”
At the same time as his face turned pale, the shaking pottery fell to the floor.
“no! no!”
He hurriedly ran away, holding one of the hundreds of fragments and shaking his hand.
“shit! How much is this! You stupid child!”
At that moment, Clovis realized that his sense of pain had returned to normal.
“money “
The first thing he did after finding a new bow was to shake his head.
“no. How am I called money
I haven’t taken a day off since I was 7, but no one can be happy.
“Bastards! hybrids! lowly things! How dare you go after my money! Guess who will live like you guys!”
A single piece of pottery was worth a grain of dust, and the sense of pain began to soar again.
“Aaaah, no.” Clovis trembled in terror.
“Please someone stop this. I’ll give you 100 million gold, no, 1 billion gold, so fix me.”
please please… … .
“Aaaaaaa!”
As the threshold rose, twice as much as before, a terrible pain gripped her whole body.
“Save people! Yes, save people!” 16 hours after that.
When the World Health Organization arrived, it is said that the burning mansion lit up the dawn.
«Puuuuuu.” Seriel, who closed the number 13-465 file, saw Clovis lying on the bed.
It was black and hard like charcoal.
“Is it just incineration?”
After signing the file written by the mind wizard, he stood up and the inspector covered the body with a cloth.
“yes. I tried to contact them, but no one came forward to hold the funeral. It is natural.”
It was a lonely death.
“all right. Please treat it like this.” Seriel’s expression after leaving the mortuary remained calm until he returned to the laboratory.
What greeted her was a note on the wall and a large graph with timed records.
Reality rushed in.
“ha.”
The kind of life the victim lived has long been buried in the hundreds of reports that arrive every day.
“ha! ha! ha!”
Why can’t it be cured?
A sense of helplessness rose, and I desperately raised my anger to deny it.
“Aaaaa! it’s annoying!”
He tossed whatever he could see.
‘Hold on! I have to be patient!’
Although he knew that anger could not solve the problem, his body was not controlled by his brain.
Sirone strongly opened the door to the lab.
“Seriel! what’s the matter?”
When I came to my senses, the room was a mess and blood was flowing down my fingertips.
“Are you hurt? Why are you so excited, not like you?”
As I approached to check the wound, Seriel lowered her arm and spoke in a trembling voice.
“Sirone.”
After reading the despair in her eyes, Sirone realized that the blood was not the problem.
“Seriel, it may be difficult, but… …
Seriel buried her face in Sirone’s chest, clutching at her collar and crying.
“iced coffee… … Aaaaaa… …
It was a sad cry.
“are you okay.”
Repeating the only words she could say, Sirone rubbed Seriel’s back.
“are you okay. Everything will be fine.” how much time has passed
Seriel’s breathing, which poured out tears until her clothes were wet, gradually regained stability.
“… … Sorry.”
Unable to show her face, she pulled Sirone’s collar even more.
“I’m sorry. When it’s hard, you can cry as much as you like. No one doubts your best.”
Even if not everyone in the world.
Only then did Seriel raise her head and pout her lower lip.
“If you tell Amy, she will die. Keep your mouth shut until I tell you.” “haha! okay. Let’s see your hands first.” Seriel’s specialty was recovery magic, but somehow this situation was a matter of mood.
The wound was long, but fortunately not deep.
“How did you get excited?”
Seriel, who was sitting on a chair and receiving Sirone’s treatment, lit a cigarette.
“I don’t know either. I’ve been having nightmares lately. Maybe I should reduce the case inspection.”
Sirone smiled bitterly.
“that’s right. Are you tired.”
“Emotional disease. You have to look into the deepest inner side of that person. It’s not going to be sane.”
Seriel turned her head.
“It’s really great. How can you stand it? If I were you, I would go crazy.”
“You are doing well enough. After analyzing numerous cases, you made guidelines. Just know that there are far more people you saved than people you couldn’t.”
“okay.”
Seriel was grateful.
“Ah, I called you because I wanted to ask you something. Is it possible to go on a business trip?”
“business trip? What is it?” Seriel extinguished her cigarette and searched her desk.
“Where have you been?”
Fumbling through the papers, she sat down on the floor and examined the scattered documents one by one.
“Yeah, this is it. Would you like to see it once?”
When Sirone looked, the area where cases of emotional illness were received was marked on the map.
“One red dot is 100 people. Less units will make it much more sophisticated, but that should be enough.”
“huh. I know what.”
It was obviously an abnormal distribution.
“Emotion-scale hospitals spread through the wind. Although humans are also included in the infection route, the contagion power is not great at the time when most countries have initiated quarantine policies. thus… …
Sirone answered.
“The frequency of reports of emotional illness cases should be the highest in the central continent, and should gradually decrease as you move southwest to be normal. But if you look at this map, there are empty areas here and there, as if the wind has stopped.”
“okay. It feels like there is a windless zone in the southern continent. At first, I thought it was invaded by demons, but when I inquired at the temple, I heard that the army of hell is blocked by the border of Calais. So this time I researched the area. Perhaps it is an administrative city of the kingdom, or a military hub.”
“Well, in that case, announcing the death might be poison to the country.”
“But no.”
Seriel pointed to the map.
“After my research, I couldn’t find any reason not to report the case. Rather, most of them were local small estates with no particular characteristics.”
“Did you send the inspector?”
“Once I reported to the superiors. If my opinion is persuasive, I will issue an emergency order, but it is unclear whether we can postpone the nobles of each country who need to be dealt with first.”
The issue of redemption of their property was important.
“It was frustrating to just wait for a decision from the superiors, so I thought about it for a while after that, but I suddenly had this thought. Maybe it’s not that it hasn’t been reported, but maybe there are areas that really overcome emotional illness?”
A moment of silence passed.
“Hmm, even if that’s the case, isn’t it too big for the entire southern continent to happen simultaneously? It’s not even a core city, it’s a small town… …
Silenced, Syrone connected the empty spaces on the map with imaginary lines.
“It’s the root of something.”
“It’s the same idea. So I researched all night. Local specialties and even farm equipment materials distributed in the region. The results do not match either one. I was blocked by a wall there, and last night I decided to try it. If goods from a certain region are being distributed to the southern continent, the place that benefits the most is the place where the goods are produced.”
“Did you investigate all of that?”
There was only one way to find the production site.
“I took out all the reports, starting with number 1, and started scoring them one by one. Did you do that for 2 hours? I suddenly realized that there was no need for this. It reminded me of a place that had never appeared before.”
Sirone concentrated.
“So I gave up the map and handed over the papers until I found the location. The result is 0. There are regions, no kingdoms, where no cases of emotional illness have been reported.”
Seriel drew a border line on the southern continent, to be exact, on the southernmost kingdom of Iron.
“Do you know where it is?”
The thought of Sirone in my head made me goosebumps.
“The Kingdom of Kessia.”
It was where Fermi was.
“It’s a drug.”
“Yes, this is a drug trafficking route. It is produced in Kessia and spreads to all parts of the Southern Continent. And no cases of emotional illness are reported where this drug is distributed.”
“but… … Is it possible?”
“That’s the problem. I tried all kinds of morphine, sedatives, sedatives, and even special drugs, but the symptoms of emotional illness did not abate. What is this? What kind of drug can I use to overcome emotional illness?” Sirone covered his mouth and thought.
‘It’s too suspicious to be a coincidence. Even Fermi became a drug trafficker long before the Pandemonium opened. Could you have foreseen this situation… …
A sound came out involuntarily.
“ah.”
There may be.
‘Fermini.’
Sirone shook her head.
‘I honestly don’t know. But it’s even harder to believe that he backtracked and caught his mouse. If all of this is calculated… …
On that unforgettable day, what did Fermi suggest to himself?
‘And I… …
Why did you accept that offer?
“Go to Kessia.”
Seriel, who was looking at Sirone, said while pressing the tip of the ballpoint pen with both hands.
“No matter how you think about it, this is impossible for the investigator to confirm. Since Fermi has already taken control of Cathia, it is ambiguous to make an official response. I know this is a difficult request, but I want you to go and check it yourself.”
“okay.”
A means of suppressing emotional illness is also important, but he was a person one must meet before the holy war.
“I’ll leave now.”
Another Sirone left for Cathia.

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-1038.txt
=============YYYYY=============
Other beliefs (2)
The Kingdom of Iron, one of the Seven Stars of the Temple, is a powerful nation representing the 8 kingdoms of the southern continent.
Their weapons are advanced politics and capital power that are more than enough to make up for the geographical disadvantages of being located at the southernmost tip of the country.
However, at some point, a subtle tectonic shift began to occur in the southern continent’s power structure.
It starts with the tears of an angel.
It was the name of a hallucinogen that was openly circulating in the small kingdom of Kessia.
“It’s quiet.”
The capital of Kessia was truly secluded.
Neither the once rampant crimes and terrorism, nor the image of a girl crying after losing her home were nowhere to be found.
Literally like a ghost town, only occasional groans leaked through the tightly closed houses.
Fermi looked up at the hot sun.
“Isn’t this also peace?”
An untrimmed beard covered his lower crown in abundance, and dyed hair now rested on the ends of his long hair.
“Farmus.”
Fermi, who turned around at the voice calling, revealed a smile like a mad joke.
“Nika.”
Fermi is from the Central Continent, but now the distinctive Southern accent came naturally.
“what’s the matter? while everyone is sleeping.”
A man of medium height, swarthy, sniffed the whole time, approached Fermi.
“You found it. I was going to go to work. do you have that Angel’s Tears.”
Commonly called Angel.
“Of course it is.”
Fermi rummaged through his pockets, peering into Niaka’s severely swollen pupils.
“Inject as much as you like. Because it’s no fun if you do too much. Now, take this and go back.”
A small plastic bag was filled with a shiny white powder like sugar.
“thank you. but i don’t have money because i can’t work Would you like to go home with me? Take my wife if you don’t mind.”
No one worked in Kessiah.
“are you okay. Because I don’t need money anymore.”
Except for the kingdom of Iron, seven kingdoms in the southern continent were in Fermi’s hands.
“Now, bring this to your wife. This kind of service is the basis of customer hospitality.”
Fermi tapped Niaka on the shoulder and put another bag of drugs into his hand.
“Sniff sniff.”
Niaka held the bag up to her nose and sniffed it, her eyelids quivering and groaning.
“Ha ha. I’m going to live now.”
Niaka, whose focus had returned halfway, asked without removing the envelope from her nose.
“Farmus. Aren’t you an angel?”
“Why do you think so?”
“I don’t know. I just think so. Why aren’t you doing this good thing? does not it hurt?”
“If you enjoy me too, who will make the medicine? At least one person must protect this city. is not it?”
” but??????
After a couple of sniffs, Nyaka waved as she returned home.
“Thank you anyway.”
Fermi sent me off with a smile.
“Keep your dose. It’s a warning.”
Perhaps by tomorrow Niaka wouldn’t even remember meeting Fermi.
After staying for a while, Fermi walked down a desolate road covered with dust and rubbish.
The symbol of the ring of gold was shining on the spire of a state-of-the-art building at the end of the block.
“Are you here, Chairman?”
Upon entering the building, the coolness that chased away the heat of the day enveloped my skin.
“okay. What about the excavation team?”
The pupils of the employee who followed with a face without makeup were also slightly dilated.
“I woke up two hours ago. He is waiting in the recovery room now.” Fermi’s eyes softened.
‘Three days and 17 hours in real time. The excavation work this time was quite tough.’
Upon entering through the automatic door, a white space equipped with state-of-the-art medical equipment came out.
There were 200 beds along the wall, and every one of them was empty.
“what? Are you here?”
The bathroom door opened and Marsha, who had just washed, walked out drying her hair.
“Where have you been? You kept looking.” The Parrot Mercenary Corps, which has joined hands with the golden ring, has now jumped to second place in the world guild rankings.
It was a remarkable growth in that it included all existing guilds, not just mercenary guilds.
“I came to get some fresh air. It’s a walk.”
“… … He goes out often these days. No one is on the streets anyway, so there is nothing to see, right?”
“Wouldn’t that be cool?” Marsha, brooding over Fermi’s words, picked up the iron box on the bed.
“ruler. here. It was a bit difficult this time. It’s dangerous ground, and it’s buried too deep. It seems to have been dug in for about 200 years… …
“Thank you for your effort.”
Upon receiving the box, Fermi confirmed that it had never been opened by the jewel in the center.
“How much can I give you?”
Marsha said as she put on her sweater.
“Are you still Hongjeong? All the money in the 7 kingdoms was swept away, but it’s not sticky.”
“That’s why I’m asking.”
“I’ll be with you for a long time, so I’ll take it in moderation. 8 billion gold. Prepare it with bulk large gold coins.”
Fermi smiled.
“The salary for 4 days is 8 billion gold.”
“How many people do you have in your family? If we divide everything, there is nothing left. Anyway, keep it that way. I’m going to go get a drink.”
As Marsha passed by, patting her shoulder, Fermi said while inserting the box.
“I will deliver it the way I always do.”
“Oh, and.”
Just before leaving the door, Marsha turned around.
“I need to shave. you… … You haven’t been to the kids since then?”
“That’s a bit of a personal matter.”
“okay. If you are, you will know how to do it well. I just thought it would be much better than taking a walk on a deserted street.”
As Marsha left the recovery room and the automatic door closed, Fermi looked back in the mirror.
It looked like a strange person was standing there.
“… … Has it already happened?”
If you dig up a future event that no one knows about, you will forget the present time.
Entering the bathroom, Fermi took a warm shower and soaped her face.
creaking.
The beard, which I couldn’t remember how long it had grown, peeled neatly over my skin.
He looked closely at his face, grabbed his long hair, and began to cut it with a razor.
Then, when I looked in the mirror, the clean face of the person called Fermi was revealed.
“President.”
When I came out of the bathroom naked, the secretary who had been waiting outside came in and bowed her head.
“Bring me my clothes. I will go there.”
“… … yes.” Drunk with her angel, the accident slowed down for a moment, she understood her meaning and brought her a luxurious suit.
Neatly buttoned up, Fermi looked at himself in front of a full-length mirror for a while.
“Hmm.”
Thinking he was ready, he headed to a room where dozens of children were sleeping.
IVs were inserted, and doctors in gowns were checking the time and adjusting the dosage.
“President.”
As the masked doctor lowered his head, Fermi stepped on his shoulder.
“Pe, Fermi.”
The only adult woman in the room straightened her upper body with blurry eyes.
It was Rachel, a comrade of Fermi’s mother, Yolga, and the director of Aramones Orphanage.
“teacher.”
And maybe… … It must have been Fermi’s first love.
The doctor flipped through the charts quickly.
“Angel doses were not above average. Emotional disease is suppressed, and conscious activity is about 4 hours a day.”
said Rachel.
“Fermi, you can’t do this. Doing drugs to these children? This is a great sin.”
I didn’t want to see it again until I ‘mined’ the history of the outbreak of emotional illness.
Because to Fermi, Rachel was a person who replaced Yoga and a woman.
“Thanks to the medicine, I can sleep comfortably. Even the teacher knows. I’m in pain without this drug
She couldn’t have known it, but Angel’s long-term administration had weakened her reason.
“I don’t know. what should i do… … What should I do with these children? Is this really for the best?”
“You don’t have to think. because i will think don’t do anything because i will solve it Teacher, just lay back and dream of her.”
Rachel’s eyes flickered as she looked up at Fermi, who gently laid her on the bed.
‘Fermi.’
It was like that then too.
My colleague’s son, even if it was a momentary mistake, the reason why I allowed my lips to a nine-year-old boy…
‘Because he’s so brilliant and clever.’ I ended up relying on that huge feeling that nothing was impossible in the world.
“Fermi. me, actually you… …
“I will come again.”
As if even knowing that, Fermi blocked Rachel’s mistake in advance.
“Ahhh… …
As the intravenous injection increased, her eyelids trembled and she fell into a deep sleep.
“Let me sleep for a while. Emotional shifts or amplifications can exacerbate the disease.”
“All right.”
While the doctor lowered his head, Fermi looked back at the children in the orphanage.
They convulsed from time to time, but they all slept peacefully.
“Have fun.”
Not in real hell, but in a sweet dream.
“President.”
When Fermi left the room, the golden ring attendant followed with the sound of a shoe.
“The temple conference is not far off. Before that, shouldn’t we grab at least Iron, a neighboring country?”
“Leave it for now. I bet you have the cards we need.”
If it was Fermi’s words, there was no need to question reliability.
“All right. Then, I will vote as a representative of the 7 Southern Kingdoms, excluding Iron.”
“Hmm.”
Fermi remembered Sirone.
“Put that on hold too. A guest will be coming soon. Shouldn’t you try to match your hand to the end?”
“yes. then.”
The attendant who recorded the words stopped, and Fermi entered the office alone.
He put the box he had received from Marsha on the shelf and sat down on a chair in front of the windshield.
‘mother.’
Looking at the desolate city landscape, Fermi recalled the face of Yolga whom he met in Istas.
‘Do not worry. You’ll do well.’
because he is your son
She died leaving humanity with the opportunity to choose the future.
She is a heroine comparable to Miro, but her tendency is rather close to philanthropy.
“nice… …
A vein ran up the nape of Fermi’s neck.
‘Is it a start again?’
The reason why I didn’t touch the angel is because it’s difficult to ‘mine’ history when the mind is cloudy.
“To be sick.”
As the pain of emotional illness pierced his whole body, the bridge of his nose twisted like that of a beast.
What should I give up?
He had abandoned everything except what he needed to achieve his purpose.
Suddenly, Fermi’s eyes filled with life, and he turned around with a terrifying expression.
He grabbed the military knife held in his right hand in reverse and slashed it down with all his might on the back of his left hand.
bang!
Red blood flowed down the blade that had pierced the bones of the hand and the armrest of the chair.
“Tsu” S?
Licking his tongue, Moon Fermi took out a cigarette and lit it with a twisted head.
“Whoa.”
And leaning back on the backrest, blowing long smoke toward the scenery outside the window
paid
“… … I feel better now.”
The sun was burning uncomfortably.

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-1039.txt
=============YYYYY=============
Other beliefs (3)
“Ouch! Kuck!”
The place where Sirone escaped through the intestines was a dark alley in downtown Laviette.
“Ugh, I feel really strange.”
After 20 minutes of intense bowel movement, I felt like I was excrement.
“huh?”
Smoke was rising from all over the city revealed through the cracks in the alley.
“What is going on?”
At the same time, a group of people ran from the back of the alley.
“The intruder is not a single guy! Find them everywhere and slaughter them! It is to show the power of the subterfuge!”
Unique demons with animal appearances quickly passed by Sirone.
“hey! you!”
A demon with a lion’s face jumped off the building and landed in front of Sirone.
“What are you? You seem to be a demon, but don’t you know what the city is like right now?”
“Ah, that… …
The lion’s face was terribly crumpled.
“Did you really run away?”
Since Crosade, one of the 7 generals, was a demon, the shock was natural.
“You pitiful child! Whatever it is! Where are the demons running away from the battlefield!”
The time when the demons, who pulled out their claws as sharp as blades, were about to slit their throats without mercy.
“What’s the fuss?”
At the entrance of the alley, a woman with the face of a cat approached me with her hair straightened.
“Ah, Captain!”
It was Oris, the 7th general of Laviet and the leader of the stealth.
“What kind of ugliness is this to fight with the same demons when the city is so noisy that even if we join forces, it won’t be enough?”
“No, chief. This guy is a deserter. They say he got scared and ran away.”
After watching Sirone, Oris had the same thoughts as his subordinate.
‘Demons. Besides, he’s an intelligent species.’
No matter how you look at it, he was not a combat soldier, and judging from his appearance, he was quite young.
“The death of a captain is a sad thing. But Buddha didn’t come, so should the demons be terrified?”
“Oh, sorry.”
It would be nice to become a deserter if I could stop the suspicion that I came down from the mountain.
Oris stroked Sirone’s hair.
“Don’t worry. Even if Crosade was the strongest in terms of arms, war isn’t just about strength, so your intellect will definitely come in handy. Let’s go, I’ll bring you back to the unit.”
As soon as he finished speaking, Oris grabbed Shirone and shot him like an arrow.
“wow.”
It is not inferior to Sirone in terms of speed, but what surprised me was his amazing sense of balance.
‘Certainly different from humans.’
“Huh, don’t be surprised. If you train hard, someday you will be able to run as fast as me. Well, it’s a problem because the demons didn’t put much effort into it.”
Oris continued, wanting to leave a glorious memory for Sirone.
“You are Ji Seongjong. To overcome instinct and run away means that in a sense, intelligence is excellent. But demons cannot leave their enemies behind.”
“yes. I will not run away anymore.” It was sincere.
It would be easier to fight if the fleeing person was rather noticeable.
“Ho Ho! But don’t worry too much. This Oris will take care of all intruders.”
Arriving in the city center where the 7th general’s allied troops are located, Sirone joined the Special SWAT team.
“… … Did you escape?”
The 7th Squad Leader Ishak, who had heard the explanation from the Stealth Corps member, gave him a contemptuous look.
‘Tch, it’s like a weak intelligence species.’ If it wasn’t an urgent situation anyway, he would have been a guy who stayed at his desk and played numbers.
“I deserve to die right away, but think of Oris-sama’s face, I’ll let you go this time. Hurry in!”
“Ah yes.”
When Sirone intervened between the demons of the 7th Squad, it was as if they were seeing a giant and a dwarf.
“What is this kid? Can you fight with a body like that? No matter how strong the demons are… …
“Leave it alone. My mind has already rotted away, so is there anything special about becoming an adult?”
Ishak shouted.
“quiet! Reports came in that the enemy had been spotted 200 meters to the west. Is everyone ready?”
“yes!”
The devil’s answer boomed, and Sirone’s voice added a part to the sound waves.
“Let’s put an end to it!”
In line with the 7th Squad’s call for dispatch, 200 demons rushed at breakneck speed.
‘Who the hell is the intruder, is this a mess?’
Even while matching their pace, the question did not leave Sirone’s head.
At first, I heard it was a demon species.
However, defeating one of the 7 generals was the result of breaking the limits of the species.
“There!”
A woman was rampaging as Gimara’s men in armor hit a barricade.
“Kik! Squeak!”
Sirone’s expression changed to bewilderment.
‘Son Yu-jeong?’
To think that the person who invaded Laviette was an actual monkey, not a devil.
“Queek! You are too weak!” With each swing of the two clubs, the security guard’s armor shattered.
“attack! Deal with it before escaping the encirclement!”
Following Ishak, 200 SWAT members charged at her at the same time.
‘This isn’t it.’
Even as she was inevitably swept away by the army, Sirone sensed the futility of the battle.
‘Great granddaughter of Jecheon Daeseong.’
According to Omega, Son Oh-gong was the martial god with the longest record of a bloody fight against Ymir.
‘But why in hell?’ Above all, it was not real.
Feeling like Ultima, she was just a special sign before being defined as a creature.
‘The alter ego. Then the body is different…
String abilities are similar to Hexa, but differ in that they can never be real.
‘Actually, that reality is everything.’
After all, half-force.
Nevertheless, Son Yu-jeong’s inaction overwhelmed the entire Special Mobility and Security Forces.
“Knock-knock! It’s this way! this way!”
Son Yu-jung, who was wandering around the city, turned around and approached Ishak.
Ishak also blew the power by generating electricity from the horn, but rather, his arm was cut off.
“Big!”
Although she was prepared for death, Son Yoo-jung escaped as if she had established the principle of one-man strike.
“That child… … !”
Ishak, enraged by the monkey’s play, turned his head away, but was devastated.
200 of his subordinates were being beaten with clubs for not being able to compete for unity.
“What the hell is that?”
As the men disappeared to the ground one by one, Sirone’s figure stood out.
Ishak shouted, bloodshot.
“you idiot! fight!”
Standing on the edge of aggression, Sirone seemed more hated than the intruder.
“You stupid child! I should have killed it with my own hands… … !”
As if expressing his feelings, Son Yu-jeong swung her club at Sirone.
‘finished.’
It really did look like that.
But when he got out of the optical illusion, an unbelievable situation came to his head.
“What, what?”
It was Shiro who avoided the blow that even he himself couldn’t see.
‘Quantum motion.’
When nothing caught the club for the first time, Son Yu-jeong’s alter ego shone with interest.
“Ukki?”
Sirone recalled Magritte’s 7 percent suppression rate.
‘If you get closer to Yahweh by 93% or more, the hidden code will be unlocked. I have to stay in the city until Lethe leaves.’ Son Yoo-jung’s alter ego was annoyed.
“Keiyik!”
No matter how many attacks he continued, it was impossible to even touch Sirone, let alone hit him.
‘As expected, the alter ego’s intellect is remarkably low. It’s just mechanically spitting out a few words.’
If you couldn’t use Geun-duk-un, which belongs to the art of incarnation, your alter ego was actually less than half.
‘What were the attributes of the demons?’ fire and electricity.
‘Then I… …
As she moved from place to place with a quantum movement, Son Yoo-jung’s alter ego made an angry expression.
Perhaps animal senses.
It was to experience and be wary of the probability of a phenomenon that cannot exist in the natural world.
It was just approaching from behind, but Son Yoo-jung’s alter ego screamed.
“Kiiiii!”
Then, with all the strength the clone could produce, he twisted his body and swung the club.
A red afterimage passed vainly over the head of Sirone, who bowed her head… … .
‘Electric Photon Cannon.’
A sphere of blue electricity flashed terrifyingly over Sirone’s grip.
‘Eat this.’
At the same time as it was thrown into the abdomen, all of Son Yoo-jung’s hair stood on end.
…….
She, who was standing with her mouth wide open, unable to even scream, fell forward.
“Whoa, that’s embarrassing.”
In order to hear how he got here, he had to meet the main body, but that foreshadowed another problem.
“you you… …
Meanwhile, Ishak was looking at Sirone with a bewildered expression.
‘It is the characteristic of demons to handle fire and electricity. But no matter how you look at it, that movement… …
It was not an ability granted to a single demon.
“Name, no.”
Ishak, who grabbed his broken shoulder and stood up, knelt down to Sirone.
“May I ask your name, Mr. Loyal?”
“yes?”
“I’m sorry I didn’t notice before. A person with a different level of demons from demons like us. It was disrespectful to a being who inherited Satan’s spirit, not his flesh or blood.” There was no explanation unless it was a hidden code that only a few bloodlines could inherit.
Ishak raised his head again.
“Please give me the honor to hear your name…”
Sirone searched through Omega’s records to find a name that suited him.
“Yuppie.”
“Oh, you look great. It’s a title that fits the royal look, even though it’s intelligent.”
There are over 4,000 words for lies in Hell, and the nuance of YUPI was ‘short lies’. When someone asks how you are doing in passing, if you just reply that you are doing well, that is Yuffie.
“Yuppie, please be the captain of the special riot squad. I will serve you with all my heart.”
I didn’t want to stand out as much as possible, but when I thought about it, the propensity of the demons was the exact opposite of reality.
‘It’ll be weird if I refuse here.’ It feels like an employee shouting that he will work more even though the boss told him to leave.
‘The strong one must rule.’ It was the rule of hell.
“good. If there is no one stronger than me in SWAT, I will let you lead.”
“I can say for sure. Even though he is never weak in the squad, he is not even up to Yufi-nim’s toes.”
Ishak threw away his severed forearm without regret and returned to the city center with Sirone.
As if Son Yu-jeong’s alter ego had swept away, the corpses of demons could be seen here and there.
‘It’s a real mess. At this rate, I will destroy Laviette in a few days.’
“Wait a moment.”
Having said that, Ishak walked into the temporary tent of the commander’s barracks.
“Based on the current time, it is being captured at blocks 13, 27, and 66… … . What are you?”
When Executioner Captain Ithaca cut off his explanation, the three generals looked back at the same time.
“Ah, I have something to report urgently, so I risked my disrespect to come. sorry.”
A huge demon with the skin distorted like a burn blocked Ishak.
It was the captain of the garrison, Mornom.
“If you know it’s rude, don’t do it. what’s the matter? And what about the biceps again? Did you get hit?”
His face had flowed down and he had only one eye, and his lips had been burnt, leaving all of his teeth exposed.
“yes. But I did kill one.”
The eyebrows of Ithaca, who had been listening gloomily with his pods on, twitched for a moment.
“So, let me give you some information… …
Oris stopped talking.
“Have you been hurt? really you?”
If incoming reports are correct, they are currently the only unit to subdue the intruders by force.
“No, I didn’t do it. With Satan’s protection, there is one devil who excels in the SWAT team.”
Guimara asked.
“Where are you now?”
“Waiting outside the tent… …
Ithaca spat out before he could finish his words.
“Let it in.”
Moments later, when Ishak brought a demon child into the barracks, silence fell.
‘Are you small? Demons have strong physical abilities. How did you get rid of the intruder?’
At that moment, Oris’ eyes widened.
“uh? you?”
As everyone turned to her, Sirone awkwardly raised the corner of her mouth.
“Haha, how are you?”

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-104.txt
=============YYYYY=============
[104] Geumgangseung (4)
Iruki, who was lying on the table, said.
“Have you done anything in the meantime? He said he chased and beat me up until yesterday.”
Amy didn’t even have the energy to get angry. She probably does as well as Iruki. She didn’t want to lift a finger in the stress she’d been through for a week.
said Amy, resting her chin on the bed.
“I know because the situation is like this. But there are people who are fighting for Sirone right now.”
Nade, who had been watching the sit-in through the window, intervened.
“Anyway, our side is mostly in the low-level or advanced class. On the other hand, most of the protesters are seniors. If they really come in, you can’t stop them.”
Seriel said.
“It will be fine for now. We have teachers. The principal is like that, Shiina-sensei and Etella-sensei are on our side.”
“That’s because the senior doesn’t know. those… … Your behavior has been questionable since yesterday.”
“huh? What?”
Seriel turned to Nade and asked, but Iruki answered.
“Some people seemed to be missing. It’s especially strange that Amira and Fermi are missing. At least one person has to stay and agitate.”
Amy screamed in a fit of fuss.
“hey! You talk respectfully to Seriel, but why do you keep talking bad things about me?”
Iruki looked away as if it was annoying. He had no particular reason anyway. He just had the simple idea that if he was Sirone’s girlfriend, he was also a friend to herself.
As the door to the infirmary opened, Alpheas entered with Shiina and Etela. Due to the persistence of the student council, the faces of the teachers were also fading day by day.
“You have a lot of trouble. How about Sirone-kun?”
“As you can see… … It is the same.”
“okay. It is unavoidable.”
Now Alpheas couldn’t help but question. A week has already passed. If some Absolute appeared and said that Sirone would come to life, he could wait a year or ten years. However, the problem was that no one could prove that Sirone would return alive. It was a race against time.
“I will cast a spell on Sirone.”
Amy and Seriel opened the way. Alpheas put his hand on Sirone’s chest and cast a slow magic. It was an embalming treatment that could be done without harming the body.
After finishing the magic, Alpheas retreated again. Now Sirone will be able to get through another day.
But until when? Now, the teachers are silently watching, but as time goes by, the voices of dissatisfaction have no choice but to come out.
Shiina stared at Sirone and stroked her hair. The more she thought about it, the more unfair and resentful she was. To think that a promising wizard would end up like this before he even blossomed.
‘That’s why I said I should stop it.’
Sirone passed the overflow well. But what he got in return was frequent contact with Immortal Function. At that time, Etella said she would take all responsibility. He had no intention of criticizing now. If Sirone was wrong, she would spend her whole life comforting Sirone’s soul.
“teacher! It’s a big deal!”
Seriel shouted. Amy and Nade were also looking out the window, unable to hide their anger. Shiina walked to the window. Amira and Fermi, who had not been seen until yesterday, were pushing documents toward the infirmary.
“On behalf of the students of Alpheas School of Magic, I will file a complaint against all teachers! Please allow me to take over the recruits of Principal Alpheas!”
Shiina’s back ached. In the end, her concerns came to an end. The student council had super strength. It meant that not only Alpheas, but also the punishment of other teachers would be enforced.
When a complaint is filed, the situation escalates out of control. If the family of the student side intervened, the school would collapse without any room to deal with it.
When Shiina opened the window, the demonstrators instantly fell silent.
“What the hell is this all about? Is it the job of the student council to incite students to shake the school?”
Amira walked towards the window.
“It is not incitement. We don’t want to go this far either. That’s why I haven’t filed a complaint yet. But there are too many questions. It’s already been 7 days since Sirone died. Still, the teaching staff is reluctant to announce anyone.”
“Sirone is not dead. He’s just in a state of suspended animation.”
“There can be no suspended animation without a beating heart. I also don’t understand why corruption isn’t progressing. Wouldn’t it be possible with Principal Alpheas’s magic?”
The student council seemed to have come to that conclusion. It was an accurate prediction.
But there are things in the world where you shouldn’t judge based on results alone. The student council couldn’t understand why Sirone had to be embalmed.
The origin of the problem was the immortal function. Even a student at a magic school knew nothing about the realm of nirvana, so he had no choice but to respond emotionally.
“It is as you think. Currently, Sirone is preventing corruption with slow magic.”
Shiina readily admitted. She made a fuss not only with the student council, but also with the oppositional children blocking her entrance.
“Are you admitting to the charges?”
“It’s too soon, Amira. Suspicion is a word that can be used in case the teachers think about escaping by using Sirone as a shield.”
“Teacher is right. However, I have not heard of any circumstantial grounds to judge it at present. The student council cannot understand this kind of response from the faculty.”
“The faculty did not acknowledge Sirone’s death. He’s also not thinking about getting out. So I ask for your understanding.”
“Sir, sirone’s death is sad for us too. However, the student council does not want their precious alma mater to fall like this.”
“I understand that you cannot trust the current teachers. But we also thought carefully and made the best decision. It will be your judgment whether you believe it or not.”
Amira savored Sirone’s words. She couldn’t rule out the possibility that her teachers were aware of something she was missing. A human being is a being who believes in what he thinks is right.
But no matter how many times I thought about it, I couldn’t understand it. Sirone is already dead. No, he honestly felt good just to have all the teachers around him, dead or alive.
‘Is it right to go this way? Am I rational? What if Sirone survives? But that can never happen… … .’
Amira also did not want to sue unless it was for the position of student council president. However, if she is defeated, the damage will be to her students.
Fermi, who was watching, did not like the way Amira was conflicted. Thinking that the plate might break if we continue like this, we decided to go ahead.
“In the end, a compromise cannot be found. Then we have no choice but to use the last resort.”
Shiina looked at Fermi with a displeased expression. She was the first student like that in her four years of teaching. Although she possessed great talent, she was more adept at hiding it.
Believe in lies, and enjoy using that power to control the situation. This may also be a necessary ability for a wizard, but it was not a quality that a student should have.
“Heh, whether you file a complaint or not, do whatever you want. In the end, you will be the ones who will regret it.”
“Okay, let’s do it! First of all, we will take care of Sirone’s body and proceed with the complaint process! Let’s go! We will rescue Sirone with our own strength!”
Fermi advanced to the infirmary, led by the seniors. There was no one who could stop them who were already caught up in crowd psychology.
“Let’s hold Sirone’s funeral and accuse the teachers! The owner of the school is not the teachers, but the students!”
“for a moment! Don’t do this!”
The students of the Syrone faction, including Maria, stood in their way. However, it did not have much effect and the road was soon opened. The side with Fermi was mostly seniors like the sky. Numerical superiority was meaningless if it went into a skill event.
“Aren’t you doing too much? Still, the life of a student from the same school is at stake!”
Mark stood at the corner of the road with his unique pulpit. However, in the eyes of the graduating class, the juniors in Class 7 were not even worth talking to.
At that moment, a window on the third floor was broken. As debris fell, the students rushed back. Nade jumped off the building. The protesters frowned as the fly magic wind pushed away the dust from the ground.
Nade raised his head slowly, and life blazed in his eyes.
“Turn it all off, before I kill you. No one can lay a finger on Sirone.”
When the situation came to this, Amira gave up her thoughts and took action. She was already spilled water, and when she is pushed from her momentum, even public opinion is pushed.
“What is this? Don’t you know it’s not going to be a waste of time? And you say that you are killed by a senior? Where did you learn this habit?”
Nade didn’t hear a word. He only had the thought of protecting Shirone.
“You want to take Sirone? If so, go all in. Instead, life cannot be guaranteed.”
A bluish bolt floated above Nade’s head and scattered powerful lightning bolts around him. It was lightning magic lightning. But more terrifying than that was the plasma rising from Nade.
Amira widened her distance, showing a look of bewilderment.
‘How the advanced class uses plasma… … .’
In order to cast plasma magic, you need to build a super-high temperature battery or implement a hypothetical super-high temperature with omnipotence.
However, since the former method was not developed, all plasma wizards belong to the latter, and it was difficult to reach because it was not something that could be learned through theory.
Iruki looked down at Nade with a displeased look.
‘Stupid bastard. I’ve been patient until now.’
The only person in the school who knew about Nade’s past was Iruki. Five years ago, Nade was a completely different person than he is now. But he put on his mask, vowing never to show his face again. But now he has taken off the mask. Only to protect Sirone.
‘If I do this, I’ll feel a little sorry.’
Iruki smiled bitterly and turned around. And like the man he never was, he slipped out of his infirmary without anyone noticing.
The protesters were quite embarrassed. Even in his senior year, he knew how dangerous plasma was because there were licorns called electric monsters.
Nade glared at Amira and said.
“Finally, a warning. go away.”
“Why are you doing this? What does protecting a friend who is already dead mean to you?”
“Sirone is not dead.”
Nade shed tears with wide eyes.
“What do you know? What are you talking about knowing something about Sirone!”
Seeing Nade’s tears, Amira sympathized with him. But she had no intention of giving up.
“If you want a physical collision, I can’t stand still. I will subdue you first before the students are harmed.”
Amira took a step back and brought her fists together. Her gray-white clouds curled up and circled around her. It was cloud magic, a kind of climate system. The compatibility with electricity was very good. No, at Amira’s level, she could charge Nade’s electricity into her cloud and hit it back.
“anyway… … Why do you do something you can’t even handle?”
Iruki walked out of the front door. Nade frowned. What else did he appear to bet on? However, the place where Iruki stopped was next to Nade, not Amira.
“what? do not disturb This is my fight.”
“But from now on, it will also be my fight.”
“Weren’t you on the other side?”
Nade’s tone was curt. There was no resentment left between friends, but there was no reason for Iruki to intervene in this battle, who judged that Sirone was dead.
—————————————

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-1040.txt
=============YYYYY=============
Other beliefs (4)
Archduke’s laboratory.
Lethe looked around meticulously, maintaining an awkward silence.
No trace could be found.
“Merkede, long time no see. How are you?”
Hiding the tension that seemed like his heart would explode, Merkede bent his knees.
“Hello, boss.” It was an unusual start when he greeted her instead of her grand duke.
“Grand Duke.”
Lethe’s eyes darkened again.
“Why?”
“What you mean, if you cut the front and back like that, even I can’t figure it out.”
“Why are you helping Yahweh?” They would take it off if they wanted to catch it, but a more embarrassing situation than now was not their taste.
Lethe said.
“An error has occurred in the purification system. A human broke the chains of Gehenna. I sent the chief of staff to look into it, but it leaked somewhere else, so I came here myself.”
Magritte brushed his beard.
‘That’s how it happened. If Monolas had come first, I would of course have been on the side of the painter.’
It’s not like first come first served.
‘The concept of coincidence is nothing but human logic. That this current situation is only the result of a cause that started 500 million or even 1 billion years ago.’
Originally, the Archduke had two options.
‘To support Lete’s will to maintain hell, and to serve Satan’s will to reverse the situation.’
Sirone arrived first.
‘The breaking of Gehenna’s chain was, of course, an error for Lethe. But it is an opportunity for Satan.’
Because it means that if Jin Seong-eum’s karma can be purified, the psychic realm will open again.
“Lethe.”
Magritte chose war.
“When the karmic chain is broken, it means that the will of man has denied hell. This is a matter of implementation, not a solution. The era is coming to an end. Can’t we just watch Satan do it?”
Assuming that the premises that have not yet been revealed are true, the archduke’s words make sense.
“Since when did Hell accept Yahweh? No, why are they O…”
Are you obsessed with Yahweh?
“Even if you didn’t go all the way to Lucifer or Behemoth, there were people who couldn’t hate philanthropy. So is the Archduke. It is completely incomprehensible to me.”
“Because I am not a demon.”
Lethe was the manager.
“When I was first born in Hell, I was a demon with the highest abilities as an intelligent species. I fought, conquered, and studied without any envy in the world.”
Magritte recalled that time.
“I thought it was a great place. A world where those who prove their strength monopolize everything. To me, philanthropy was an illogical and even violent concept.”
Lethe listened intently.
“Then why hate? For we are the illegitimate children of fraternity. That’s the systemic aspect. Is it a fate that occurs according to the priority of processing, that human emotions must exist before demons are born?” Upon entering the manager’s realm, Lethe’s eyes became indifferent like a machine.
“It’s fine up to that point. The problem is that Yahweh denies it. He is the one who reverses the process. Terrorists in the system. He shudders at the audacity to say that he did not throw it away after packing it up in vulgar language, and even that there was nothing wrong with him.”
Magritte smiled bitterly.
“Even if you can’t analyze like Ji Seong-jong, demons have had that feeling since they were born. But sometimes there are cases of repentance. Why?”
Lethe didn’t answer.
“Because it’s ironclad. The confidence to speak without any remorse is so disgusting, hateful, and I want to tear it apart… …
Also, it’s so shameless.
“I wonder if that’s really the case.” “Couldn’t Yahweh have done nothing wrong? Aren’t we misunderstanding? If he doesn’t abandon us, the demons will someday… …
Magritte pointed to the ceiling.
“Couldn’t we reach the true world by regurgitating the processes of this system?”
It is called ‘salvation’ with the feeling of hatred.
Oris was embarrassed.
‘That kid killed the intruder? He was a deserter who fled from the battlefield in terror.’
Ishak introduced.
“This person’s name is Yuffie. They are the royal lineage that inherited the spirit of Satan.”
The 7th general’s expression changed suddenly.
Royal was a lineage that could rise to the title of a commander in the army of hell or even a duke.
Ithaca turned to Oris.
“Do you know each other?”
“huh? Uh, so??????
Sirone quickly noticed and answered instead.
“I got help a little while ago. He taught me the true path of the demons when I had no courage and ran away.”
“No, what. Not to that extent.” Mo Ohnom raised her one eye as Oris scratched the bridge of her nose with her cat’s claws.
“So, what do you want to say to us? It’s a reward for killing an intruder.
Are you asking for too?”
Ishak bowed his head.
“I would like to recommend Yuffie as the leader of the SWAT team. Please let us lead.”
“dog sound!”
Mornom smashed the table.
“Crossade was the strongest warrior. Do you think that insignificant fellow can take his place?”
“Moonom.”
Ishak opened his eyes.
“You can treat me as badly as you like. But, please be careful with Yuffie.”
As a demon, I should have said something, but I was still in a bad mood.
“joy! That’s when you really became a captain. Are you saying that Yufi is as strong as General 7?” Ishak shut his mouth.
If he was of royal lineage, he would eventually rise to the top position, but compared to the 7th general, his experience was insignificant.
“I am of the same opinion.”
Ithaca said with her pods intertwined.
“I admit that YUPI has achieved the desired results, but the enemy that has achieved it is an illusion. There is only one entity.”
‘what?’
Sirone turned around in surprise.
‘Executioner Ithaca.’
The fact that he was the only one of the 7 generals of royal lineage was proved by his words earlier.
‘I defined it as an illusion, not an alter ego. That the precision of the search matches my senses.’
Although, of course, it is limited to the senses.
“Don’t do this. Currently, virtual images are spreading in the city. one of them is real. I will propose a military service medal to the first person who kills him.”
Ithaca turned to Sirone.
“And if yuffie catches the entity, in addition to the military medal, recommend a captain position.
summer solstice.”
“Cheuk, that’s fine.”
Maunom readily accepted.
“It’s all right, sweetie. If he had faced us directly, he would have no chance of winning, but luck also plays a role in this.”
Ithaca still had a cold voice.
“Competition is good, but do it in moderation. If it gets in the way of your mission, I will punish you. If necessary, imagine a means for the four of us to cooperate.”
“It must be six.”
Seven generals simultaneously shut their mouths.
“Looks like there are two more in the dark over there. It has a very quiet aura.”
As soon as Sirone finished speaking, a voice came from behind Ithaca.
“He’s a pretty nimble guy.”
It must have been a hundred fours with the captain of the night guard, but he still hadn’t revealed himself.
“But we lose the bet. Don’t worry too much. If you feel like dying, I will help you.”
The presence has disappeared.
“Is it an all-out war after a while? Since there is no Crosade, the Military Merit Medal must be mine.”
Moonom prepared to mobilize, but Sirone was the first to leave the barracks.
“Let’s go, Ishak.”
General 7 had a dazed look on his face, and Ishak, who was following Sirone, did the same.
‘The atmosphere is different from before.’
Compared to when he was stigmatized as a deserter, he felt stronger will than anyone else.
‘Well, since you’re of royal blood, it’s only natural that your blood boils in competition.’
Although the interpretation was wrong, Sirone was actually taking this incident seriously.
‘I have to find Son Yoo-jung.’ The strength of General 7, which he personally felt, was by no means weak, but it must have been irresistible nonetheless.
‘If it’s Son Yu-jeong, it won’t take three days to destroy Laviette.’
Magritte’s plans are also disrupted.
“I’ll pass the fake and find the real one. You probably won’t be able to catch up, so collect your troops.”
Before he could hear the answer, Sirone’s body turned into a flash of light and flew up into the sky.
“Hey Royal… …
Ishak trembled with emotion.
As General 7 was deployed in earnest, Son Yu-jeong’s alter ego began to rapidly diminish.
“Ha ha ha! what? It’s nothing!”
Moo Nom’s body, which continued to evolve biologically, was gradually becoming grotesque.
“Huh!”
As the thorns spewed out from the body, Son Yu-jeong’s alter egos in a radius of 30 meters were pierced.
“Kyik! Kick!”
The alter egos, which groped for thorns and screamed, turned into light after a while.
all.
“Sheesh! Is it all bad?”
Moonom’s face contorted.
‘Even if it’s fake, it’s too weak. Did Crosade really get hurt by this guy?’
There was no special camaraderie among the demons, but they acknowledged and respected each other.
“I cannot forgive you.”
A roar erupted from the other side of the building as the lipless teeth were grinding.
Sensing an unusual shock, he turned around to see that the 7-story building was collapsing.
Are you there?”
“Haaaaagh!”
Oris, nailed to the floor, let out a threatening sound with a bleeding face.
In her eyes, she could see Son Yu-jeong walking slowly, burning with golden light.
‘Really strong.’
To the extent that it was impossible to say what was strong, all of his combat abilities were the best.
Richera burst out laughing.
“Puhahaha! It’s ugly, beggar-like demons. Yoojung Son! Hurry up and sever your limbs.” Oris remained silent even at the mere human mockery.
‘The body that I saw taking that human with me. The level is different from fake. If we leave it like this, the city will collapse.’
Oris, determined to die with her foe, pulled her ass back and all her hair bristled.
“huh?”
The moment Son Yu-jeong tilted her head, a black shadow rushed in at a terrifying speed.
“Kiyaaaaaong!”
The time the body arrived was before the eyelids were even half closed.
“Slow.”
Son Yu-jeong had already turned around and was swinging her sword at the back of Oris’s head.
‘I’m angry.’
It was the moment when she lost her will to fight and gave up everything and let go of her body.
“huh?”
The afterimage of the red demon was reflected in the cat’s eyes.
Without even time to respond, Sirone pushed Oris and dug into Son Yoo-jung.
‘If this guy is the main body… …
Even teeth wouldn’t fit with ordinary power.
‘Directly hit the incarnation.’
As the Miracle Stream was compressed with the Photon Cannon, it hit Yoo-Jung Son’s abdomen with a full blow.
“Huh!”
Shocked by an irresistible force, she let out a scream and flew to the limit of her field of vision.
Oris, who had been watching the scene collapsed against the wall, slowly turned his head.
“????Yuppie?”
The young devil held out his hand.
” are you okay?”

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-1041.txt
=============YYYYY=============
Training limits (1)
After staring at Sirone’s face for a while, Oris came to his senses and joined hands.
“Oh, yes. thank you. however… … Even her torso vision left nothing in her memory.
“How did you do it?”
There was no way to explain the realization of the destruction of the incarnation following the quantum movement.
‘I can’t even explain it.’
Now, it was Yufi, not Yahweh.
“It’s not over yet. You’re not the kind of person who deserves to be beaten like this, so please stay away for now.”
Oris pursed her lips.
‘What, are you ignoring me now? too bad.’
Even so, the reason why I can’t reply is because I directly confirmed Son Yu-jeong’s inaction.
“I have nothing to say since we lost in a head-to-head battle, but how about we fight together? Enough bait for me… …
At that time, the side wall exploded with a bang, and Moonom, who evolved into a grotesque body, arrived.
“Whoa!”
One arm was huge like a crab, and the head was elongated so that the back of the head reached the back.
Sirone realized.
‘Super evolution.’
It was not simply a mutation applied to the body, but the function of the brain had evolved.
As if to prove that fact, Moonom guessed the situation by looking around once.
“Did you fly over there?”
It was a great bass.
“Moonom, the enemy is stronger than expected. All 7 generals must work together. Especially the power of Yuffie.”
Maunom’s one-eyed stared at Sirone.
“… … is it?”
The violent temperament revealed in the barracks was controlled by Ji Sung’s eyes.
“If you say so, you must be of royal blood. But I am a warrior trained for 100 million years. I’m not the type to back down without a fight.”
The evolution of the monomome is based on mutation.
“I beat the odds of 2.7 percent to get to Generation 4 Disruption. I can kill you.”
If someone other than General 7 defeated the enemy, it would be embarrassing to Crosade.
When Moh Nom looked around, Son Yu-jeong was walking towards him, blowing smoke from his mouth.
“you.”
Her expression was serious.
“That thing you just did to me, what kind of technique is it?”
The reason why the belligerent girl asked for a conversation first wasn’t simply because she was strong.
‘The incarnation is cracked.’
Feeling the heaviness of the Buddha in the attack of a single demon tribe was an illusion that could not happen.
‘It’s a blow with enlightenment. That too… …
If it felt like being hit by Nane, it meant that the depth of the realm was comparable to that of Buddha.
There was no choice but to be embarrassed in front of Yu-jeong and Deuk-do, who had no fear in the world.
While Sirone was still silent, Moone approached her.
“Did you kill Crosade?”
It literally looked like something you would see in hell, but Son Yoo-jung did not look at her for more than one second.
The red robe aimed at Sirone.
“Answer me. What is identity? How do you know the true intention of the sect… …
bang!
Moonom’s huge fist slammed the side of Son Yu-jeong and crashed into the wall.
“Tsk. Nothing.”
When he lowered his fist, Son Yu-jeong, who was stamped on the wall of the organism, was frowning.
“You wanna die?”
When Son Yu-jeong finally focused on herself, the satisfied mother turned her shoulders around.
“It sure is solid. but… …
The air vibrated with a whimper, and Moo Nom threw a huge ball and fired a series of hits.
“Just hit it until it breaks.” As Son Yu-jeong nimbly twisted her waist and tried to approach her, her eyes widened.
“huh?”
As if she had expected it, Mornom’s fist changed its trajectory and struck her hard.
bang! bang! bang! bang! bang!
With dozens of shots being fired almost simultaneously, her mind became complicated.
‘I don’t think it’s that fast, how are you predicting my movements?’
Having reached the 4th generation cataclysm through super-evolution, Mo Onom’s IQ reached a whopping 1,700.
‘It seems, all the variables. No matter how you move, I never miss.’
The speed of continuous hitting increased.
“Ha ha ha! die! I am the strongest demon!”
Oris murmured.
“Fourth Generation Cataclysm. I was prepared to die and evolved over and over again. But with that ability… …
I don’t know if I can defeat Son Yoo-jung.
“no.”
Sirone shook her head.
“Not quite like that.” In fact, the one whose face was distorted was Moo-nom, who repeatedly struck.
“Big!”
hard?
No, the taste of hitting is definitely alive.
‘Then it means that they are creatures made of flesh and blood. But, but why?’ Monom reached the limits of apnea
screamed this evil
“It won’t break!”
Realizing that Yuffie was right, Oris immediately kicked off the ground and threw herself.
Two 7 generals launched a coordinated attack, but it was Son Yu-jeong who overpowered them.
“I can’t, you guys. You are not qualified.”
Son Yu-jeong, who was brandishing two clubs, suddenly twisted her back.
“die.”
As tremendous kinetic energy was generated, time slowed down and the surrounding buildings bent outwards.
‘uh?’
Oris pursed her lips.
‘Can you see it this time?’
A red club was moving along the space as if it were being separated into several pieces.
I couldn’t move a single fingertip in the seesaw of time, and the same was true of Moonom.
‘I can’t avoid it.’
The 1,700 IQs analyzed the current situation with brutal clarity.
‘finished.’
It was to die, and neither Oris, nor Moonom, nor even Son Yu-jeong doubted that fact.
clear future.
And Sirone, like that law, cast a miracle stream on frozen events.
Hand of God – the skill of the hand. The seesaw of time unraveled the moment the palm of light swept away Oris and Moonom.
Aaaaaaaang!
Buildings within a radius of several tens of meters were blown up, but General 7 was not included.
Son Yu-jeong, who exhaled smoke from her mouth, glared over her shoulder.
“What is this again?”
The feeling that a certain event has disappeared.
But since it’s impossible, the correct answer would be to make them mistaken for disappearing.
‘Is that possible? At the level of the law?’
I was thrilled, but the bizarreness that exceeded the normal level rather chilled the accident.
‘This is something Buddha would not do.’ because it’s not the truth
‘But I never thought that I was inferior to Buddha. then… …
is it god
After a while, the hand of light that put down Oris and Moonom turned white and evaporated.
“uh? what?”
Oris looked around, and Mo Onom opened his mouth in a bewildered expression.
I don’t know how the 1,700 IQ was analyzed, but he didn’t open his mouth at the end.
Sirone blocked their way.
‘This is the limit.’
If Son Yu-jeong invoked Hwa-an-Geum-jeong, Yahweh’s identity would also be discovered.
“I will take care of the intruder. The two generals go to Ithaca and get a new strategy.”
Moonom’s one eye was full of strength.
“Don’t talk nonsense. we are demons Don’t you know what it means to run away from an enemy?”
Sirone was not a demon.
“Heh, Royal is always like that. The same goes for Ithaca. Just like a human being, only looking for efficiency… …
“Moonom.”
Sirone said coldly.
“Go.”
Perhaps 90 percent of Yahweh, Oris trembled at the feeling of being pierced by the gaze.
‘To think that I, the 7th general, was afraid.’
On the one hand, a sweet and strange feeling that I had never experienced in my life covered my whole body.
‘I, that demon… …
Of course, if this aura were amplified and reached 100%, affection would change to hatred.
Oris took Mornom’s arm.
“let’s go. It’s better to leave it to Yuffie for now. Ithaca would feel the same way.”
“Keugh!”
In the end, Moonem gave up and left, and Oris turned to Sirone.
“Be careful, Yufi.”
Sirone felt heavy in front of the cat’s expression, expecting a friendly touch.
‘I shouldn’t call it Yuffie.’
I didn’t mean to mock them.
“I’ll be right there.”
Oris, whose face lit up at Sirone’s smile, nodded and jumped.
Yoojung Son asked.
“Can you tell me now?”
The reason I had been watching until now was the look in Sirone’s eyes as he slowly turned around.
“Huh, now you’re showing your true colors.” They were clear eyes that seemed to wash your mind just by looking into them.
“… … Did you send me?”
“Hmm.”
Son Yu-jeong, who felt like she was talking to Buddha, stroked her chin and fell into thought.
‘I really don’t know. Seeing that he doesn’t recite Gingoju, it doesn’t seem like he’s on par with Buddha.’
Sirone is aware of Gingoju, but to be effective, she must be 100% Yahweh.
“Go back and tell me. I’m busy anyway, so take care of the troublesome stuff on your own.”
Son Yoo-jung’s eyebrows twitched.
“Well, okay. From now on, you can ask the woman. Are you ready to fight?”
“Let’s move places.” Preferably to a place without Oris. ” location’?”
Son Yoo-jung, who lowered her center of gravity, shot the body heated like molten iron like an arrow.
“Knock-knock! Why do I care about that?”
‘It’s like a thunderclap.’
Sirone, who twisted her nose, invoked 93% of Yahweh and pummeled her.
Kurrurrurrung!
The city shook and a huge cloud of dust rose into the sky.
Lethe hit the table.
“No matter what Yahweh’s essence is, the position of the chemical company remains the same. The Archduke is making a big mistake now.”
“What do you mean… …
Tired of the squirrel running on a treadmill, Lethe stood up coldly.
“If the Grand Duke does not know the figures, I will do the same. I’ll be waiting for you here. Whether it’s one year or 100 years, the grand duke’s lies will be exposed.”
“I am a demon who prefers to study quietly.”
Lethe laughed coldly.
“Are you afraid now? The fact that the informator didn’t detect it means that Lian is still in the lab.”
As Lette inspected the equipment in the laboratory, Magritte spoke in a low voice.
“It is a sensitive machine.”
“So speak up! I’m saying don’t put the Archduke to shame!”
“I am not cheating. I know how you feel, but this is a waste of time.”
“joy!”
Lette approached Merkede.
“Tell me honestly, Merkede. Have you ever seen Yahweh or Lian in this laboratory?”
“Oh, no. I don’t have one.”
Magritte’s eyes narrowed.
If it was the spirit of the Grand Duke, he could resist Lethe, but Merkede would not be able to endure it.
“don’t worry. I will never let you get hurt. Just say a word.”
“no. I didn’t see it.”
Merkede was almost crying.
“You know. yes? Now, don’t turn your head and look at me. Look into my eyes.”
The succubus, who had been hit directly by Lethe’s gaze, felt fear as if it would blow its mind away.
‘uh? Huh?’
No matter how much a child does, in the end, he can’t fool his mother’s eyes.
‘If I do this, I’ll get caught.’
Realizing that a signal of lies was floating in his eyes, Merkede made a decision.
“Lethe.”
she smiled faintly.
“Really.”
Just as Lette, reading her eyes, was about to scream, Merkede’s head exploded.
“ah… … !”
Shaking back and forth from the mental shock, Lethe stared blankly at the faceless corpse.
“Me, Merkede.”
Memories of laughing and chatting with her flashed through my mind without missing a single scene.
Magritte came.
“Stop going back. I’ll have to clean up the lab. I will give you a separate message.”
Lethe tightened her eyes and turned her head.
“Grand Duke, I said… …
“Would you like to ask me too?”
The Grand Duke would never make the same choice, but his words increased Lethe’s guilt infinitely.
‘I’m sorry, Merkede.’
Like Gaia in the real world, all demons were of equal value to Lethe.
“This is the last time. Next time I come back, I will never back down.”
In order not to make Merkede’s determination meaningless, Lethe promised the future.
As the laboratory door closed, Magritte raised the hand of the faceless corpse and kissed the back of it.
“Rest in peace.”

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-1042.txt
=============YYYYY=============
Training limits (2)
After purifying Merkede with pure magic, Magritte opened the warehouse door.
“Come out.”
In the unpurified body, Lian revealed his face with one eye closed.
I don’t know what conversations they had.
However, it was possible to intuit that someone had died just by looking at the Archduke’s eyes.
When Lian came out of the storage room, Magritte busily went around and grabbed the experimental tools.
It was originally something Merkede had to do.
“I don’t have much time. Originally, I planned to do a deep study on you, but I’ll start remodeling right away.”
Lethe was going to come back.
“Why are you doing this?” “… … what do you mean?”
“The succubus is dead, and Lethe is gone. She must have been precious to you too.”
“Isn’t that what you mean? When the boss comes back, it won’t be the same then. This is your final warning. It is the last consideration given to us.”
“That is what I want to say.” Lian was embarrassed.
“If Lethe is a person like Satan, there’s no way he’ll just go back to this. She’s serious about it. Why is she helping us when you know?”
“Hmm.”
Magritte stopped his hand.
“Lethe-nim is a good person. He’s cool-headed and fair, but he has a lot of affection. That’s an inclination that doesn’t go with Hell. But don’t forget, Lethe-sama.
is not a demon.”
He turned his head with cold eyes.
“I am the manager of this world. They are different in nature from us, even different from Satan.”
“That doesn’t change her mind.”
” mind?”
Magritte laughed.
“Then tell me. I honestly don’t know. When Merkede died, Lady Lethe backed down even when the fate of Hell was at stake. If so, is it the mind? or not… …
the terrible truth.
“Is it programmed that way?” “According to the boss, I sent the chief secretary Monoras to consult you about your error. But he did not come, Yahweh arrived first. Do you think you’re lucky? I don’t see it that way. Because Monolas is also a manager.”
“What are you talking about… …
“How can a human being who lives only a few decades understand the great natural law? However, the lord you serve must be somewhat suspicious. Because it’s such a level of mental ability. What I am trying to say is how much is real and how much is illusion.”
Magritte confirmed Lian’s scan information.
“Your ability is based on the user of this world, that is, the master identity code. The reason why Gehenna’s chain was broken must be an error that occurred when its authority transcended the system. So, are you a being from the outside world?”
Ryan couldn’t answer.
“I don’t know. That’s it. Even if there is an outside world, we don’t know who we are unless we come into direct contact with information there. Maybe it’s another program for you.”
“I decide and act on my own will.”
“know. But what if even that is a program? Got it? I can’t come to a conclusion this way. But the manager is the only one who knows who he is. You are free to define them, but remember this.”
The chain of Gehenna, pulled from Lian’s chest, was caught in the prince’s grasp.
“It may be different from what we imagine. That is a 0.5-dimensional wall. If you really want to keep Yahweh, you must not trust anyone.”
As Lian remained silent, Magritte peered at the broken part of the chain.
“Let’s start.”
Stang National School of Magic.
Sirone, who allowed his parents to observe as a condition of training wizards, kept his promise.
But it might have been better not to make that promise.
“oh my god… …
While all teachers and students were watching, Wizard was being bombarded by Sirone.
“Reaction is slow!”
A seven-year-old child was pushed back by magic powerful enough to devastate the radius.
The contemplative parents screamed.
“Wizard!”
When the Photon Cannon exploded, a roar erupted and fragments scattered across the wide training ground.
“Whoa!”
Through the haze, I could see the wizard who cast defense magic exhaled heavily.
Teachers thought it was crazy.
“principal! No more! If you stay like this, the child will die!”
“Mmm.”
The principal’s expression was also not good, but if it was the Five Stars of the Ivory Tower, he couldn’t interfere.
Most of all, it caught on that there was no change in the expression of the 10-member group of 1-star residents across the street.
‘Can we really leave it like this? If we’re seeing something we don’t know… …
At that moment, an explosion occurred, and this time the wizard flew several tens of meters away.
“Huhhhh!”
Even in the wind flow like a typhoon, when she landed, who was accurately centered, Bartok, the leader of the Mado 10, saw wonder in his eyes.
‘I blocked it this time too.’
The more I looked at it, the more amazing it was.
‘Currently, the battle level of the five great castles is at a fairly high level. It’s not a situation where you can stand alone even if it’s a group of 10 demons. And yet, that child… …
Then Sirone shouted.
“Don’t be offended!”
The moment the Wizard hurriedly raised his head, Sirone, who had come close to him, fired a photon cannon.
With a bang, flashes of light broke through the Wizard’s formidable defenses.
“Keugh!”
Wizard pulled his shoulders and lifted his feet.
‘I crouched down.’
In a situation where the defense magic was destroyed, it was an instinctive attitude to somehow minimize the impact.
Amy wondered in her heart.
‘I can’t be safe. But that subtle difference saved the Wizard’s life.’
bang! bang! bang
After the wizard bounced off the ground like a rubber ball and fell to the ground, Sirone charged again.
“Another 2”
This time, the 10 magicians also opened their eyes wide.
Realizing their expressions, the principal hurriedly ran forward and shouted at Sirone.
“Hey, stop now!”
Sirone did not stop.
In the short time I approached the wizard, countless thoughts ran through my head.
‘Is this okay?’
He knew that her current condition would make her unable to defend against his attacks.
‘I could really die this time.’ That’s why you should.
‘Havitz… …
Probably because the Satan that the wizard needs to eliminate won’t stop at this point.
“Wizard! Wake!”
As she shouted, Sirone arrived and swung the photon cannon compressed in her hand.
‘finished.’
The moment everyone thought so, Wizard’s eyes lit up and a barrier was formed.
Aaaaaang!
The curtain of air swayed as far as the eye could see, and the wizard flew through the air and crashed to the ground.
“We, Wizard?”
The wizard, who had not even moved for a while, stood up with his broken right arm dangling.
“ha. ha.”
she murmured softly.
“Just blocked.”
Sirone took another step.
‘Breaked the limits. One more time, one more time… …
At that moment, I shook off the hands of the teachers and my mother came running.
“You bastard!”
At the same time as Sirone turned around, her hands grabbed her collar.
“What are you doing to my daughter! The kid broke his arm! Why is that seven-year-old boy!”
“You promised to take charge of me. You don’t have to come out if it makes you uncomfortable.”
Life turned in my mother’s eyes.
“So you made that promise? Did you know that if I showed you something like that, you wouldn’t come? If so, the person is wrong. I don’t need money or anything. It ends here.”
“The arm can heal. If I cast a spell… …
A pair of sounds broke out.
“Uh-oh… …
The teachers’ faces turned pale as the mother, who had slapped Sirone, screamed.
‘it’s crazy. Hitting the Five Stars.’ But Amy knew. Anything you can avoid
The reason why I purposely touched her cheek…
‘Sirone is also having a hard time.’
I thought that if I got hit by one, the feeling of guilt I felt like I was pretending would alleviate even a little bit.
” ah.”
The mother who came to her senses looked at her hand.
Not because he hit Oh Dae-seong, but because he had never hit anyone before.
Sirone understood her feelings as well.
‘Even my mother would have done that.’
Looking back at the wizard, he was so busy catching his breath that he couldn’t even get involved in the fight.
“mother.”
Sirone looked back at her.
“Wizard is a brilliant kid. A normal seven-year-old will cry when his arm is broken, but he won’t hold back. That means you already understand the pain in your head.”
When her husband, who had been looking after her daughter’s condition, arrived late, the mother shed tears.
“What are you talking about? What the hell is it to understand pain? Wizards are not crazy children. I was too scared to even cry.”
Dad also helped.
“Stop it now. I can’t stand it either. Why should my daughter be treated like that? Is it because we are farmers who have neither learned nor possessed?”
“It is rather the opposite.”
Sirone’s voice rose slightly.
“Because it’s great. I do it because I can. What the Wizard is learning now is the knowledge of the blood and sweat of countless talents that she could never have achieved alone. She benefited from that and progressed at her door, in a situation where humanity was at risk, and of course she too… …
that you have to sacrifice yourself.
‘Really?’
Sirone couldn’t help but exhale.
‘Being a lovely daughter, a beautiful lady, meeting a good person, loving her, and living a happy life… …
Is it more important than world-changing innovations?
“… … sorry.”
After bowing her head and apologizing to her parents, Shirone turned around and left the training ground.
“Today we will end here.”
While no one saw Sirone off, the wizard who finished the treatment approached.
“mom and dad. what’s the matter?”
“Wizard!”
Mother shed tears as she caressed the arm of the wizard who was wearing a splint.
“Are you in a lot of pain? How hard could it have been?”
“Where has my brother gone? Are you done training?”
“Okay, it’s over. Her mom told me not to. I will never entrust you to someone like that again.”
“Hmm.”
The wizard stared at the back of Shirone, who was shabbyly moving away.
“Thank you, Mom. She said, ’cause this time she really almost died. But I’m really sorry
place… …
Wizard said hesitantly.
“I don’t want you to interrupt me in training from now on.”
The parents’ faces darkened.
“We, Wizard? what are you… …
“sorry. First, I’ll go see my brother. I have a question about this training.”
As if in a real hurry, the Wizard made his way through the group and followed Sirone.
While no one said anything, Bartok, the leader of the 10 Magicians, deepened his eyes.
‘Talent pulls.’
The only adult recognized by the Wizard.
It instinctively knows that the only way to survive is to follow Shirone’s heels tenaciously.
‘There’s no doubt about the potential, but I was dubious about the inclination.’
When Sirone said she could die, she smiled brightly and said she would.
‘Although the time to worry was short.’
Perhaps in the mind of a genius, all the things he had to deal with passed by.
‘I can understand Oh Dae-sung’s feelings.’
Would you want to waste your time in front of the greatest talent in all of human history?
“brother!”
The wizard’s bright voice came over from outside the training ground.

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-1043.txt
=============YYYYY=============
Training limits (3)
“brother! brother!”
Wizard, who had left the training ground, shouted, but Sirone hurried on as if he hadn’t heard.
The place we arrived at was the most remote place in the school, and it was not designed as a resting place.
Sirone, who has lived in the mountains since childhood, always found nature when she wanted to rest.
“ha.”
I sat down on a small rock and breathed out, but I couldn’t let out my stuffy mind.
‘What is the right thing to do?’
In order to kill Satan Habits,
Judd’s power is absolutely necessary, but ‘Wizard’s life?’
It was a situation where a seven-year-old child had to kill the most evil and cruel man in the world.
Sirone laughed.
‘Yes, maybe it’s me who’s crazy.’
In fact, it was a fact that I knew myself at some point, but this time the case was different.
“brother.”
Sirone raised her head at the Wizard’s voice.
Perhaps it was because he was caught in his heart, but the sight of him wearing a splint added to his guilt.
“You are very hurt. Wizard, I want to tell you… …
“I’m sorry, brother.”
Wizard was in tears.
“I didn’t even think about what mom and dad would hate. Learning is so much fun, so I’m so excited… …
‘fun?’
Sirone realized what he had forgotten.
‘Oh yeah.’
It was so hard and so painful, but humans can still endure it.
‘As long as I have the conviction that I can become stronger.’ Nothing more thrilling than that was given to humans.
“Wizard, why is magic interesting? Do you want to be the strongest in the world? Do you want to run over me?”
“I want to jump over it. But now it doesn’t matter. Magic is just fun.”
“There are many ways to be happy. You don’t have to be the best, you can have fun. Why are you still learning magic?” Wizard blinked.
“Um, of course… …
And, as always, he said with the brightest smile in the world.
“Because this is the world I will live in.” Sirone cried.
“Yeah, right.”
No matter what others criticize, this is the only world we will live in.
Only we can understand ourselves.
“Today’s training was a bit weak. I told my mom and dad. It will be fine starting tomorrow.”
“haha!”
Sirone wiped away her tears.
He hadn’t had the two words “defeat” since he entered the world of magic, but… … .
“Okay, let’s grit our teeth and run.”
It felt like all the resentment I had to suppress to get that one result was comforted.
The Wizard approached Sirone and wiped the tears from her cheeks with a small hand.
“Your brother must be having a hard time too.”
It hadn’t been long since he had increased the intensity of his training, but the Wizard’s insight had deepened considerably.
“You have grown a lot. It is a great talent to know how to read other people’s hearts.”
“lol. So, brother. Are you already in love with your sister?”
“huh? yeah… …
“Then, if I become stronger than you later, will you like me more?”
‘But he’s still a kid.’
Sirone suppressed a laugh and said.
“There are many things I like. If you really surpass me… …
If you become the best wizard in the world.
“Yes, in some areas, wouldn’t there be cases where you value it more than Amy?”
It was an adult’s classification, but the Wizard was amused by the possibility.
“great! Then tomorrow I will jump over my brother!”
“Oh, really?”
Shirone pulled Wizard’s broken arm and glued the bones together with the Miracle Stream.
The next day, the atmosphere at the training ground was cold.
Even after watching the collapse of the world yesterday, Wizard’s parents insisted on observing.
“Whoa, it’s going to be bloody today too.” While the teachers were already nervous, Sirone and Wizard warmed up in front of the Image Zone.
“Is this practice practice?”
“no. Basics today.”
The Wizard’s resolution gave Sirone enough courage, but he couldn’t rule out his parents’ position.
‘Seeing your child sick is the worst thing for a parent. I was too careless.’
No matter how much it is our world, we must consider the hearts of those who see it from the outside.
“Today’s class is a heartbeat.”
It was the optimal training that did not drop the intensity and did not look radical.
“I will demonstrate.”
Wizards, who were awakened from birth, cast instinctively and were ignorant of theories.
‘Rather, that’s more amazing, but to deal with Harvitz, I have to teach everything that can be taught.’
When the wizard’s creativity was bitten by Havitz’s chaos, the body would remember this moment.
Sirone stood in the center of the image zone installed at Stang National School of Magic.
Memories of training to improve my grades in my senior year flashed through me like a kaleidoscope.
‘I should do well.’
As the heartbeat developed without warning, the eyes of the teachers who were watching widened.
“Uh-oh… …
The spirit becomes visible in the image zone, but it is not seen to and fro.
‘Huge sphere… … ? No, it’s definitely going back and forth. Because the count keeps going up.’ Every time I reached the maximum radius, the buzzer sounded like it would tear the speaker apart.
‘Heart beats 6,000 times per second.’
I don’t know who the world’s second-largest wizard is, but it must be several times faster than that.
The ten magicians shook their heads.
‘I can’t win.’
It would be a natural result for someone who has mastered the art of the mind, but the problem was the Wizard.
‘I can’t reach it, but even if I do, I usually die. Oh Dae-seong is sincere.’ When Bartok turned his head, the wizard was watching the demonstration without blinking.
“aha.”
The 10 Magicians came to mind at the same time.
‘1 minute and 17 seconds.’
It was a time when a wizard who did not know the basics realized it after seeing 6,000 heartbeats per second.
“okay?”
Without needing to explain, the Wizard nodded and entered the Image Zone.
“I will try.”
Sirone took her seat next to Amy, followed by the 10 Magicians Council. She is only part of the training, but pure curiosity arose to see how far she could go.
“Whoa.”
After taking a deep breath for a while, she suddenly opened her eyes wide and developed a spirit zone.
A buzzer sounded, and teachers and students fixed their eyes on her heart rate reading.
Bartok’s heart raced.
‘800 times per second. Far beyond the level of a professional wizard. However, the talent we want has reached the end of the universe. To this extent… …
“Huh? uh huh?” At the same time as the students made faces of astonishment, their heart rate continued to rise.
2,000 times per second.
The Wizard’s pupils vibrated terribly, but the size did not exceed the critical value.
‘I’m in control.’
His heart rate continued to rise, and blood dripped from Wizard’s nose.
“Hey, honey.”
Wizard’s mother grabbed her husband’s arm.
‘More, faster.’
It was probably the height of soaring without even feeling the changes taking place in his own body.
When the rate exceeded 3,000 times per second, blood flowed from her eyes, and her mother could not stand it and ran to Sirone.
“Stop! My child will die.” Bartok knew why Sirone was silent.
‘I am… … They are 1-star residents of the Ivory Tower.’
He was capable enough to be the president of any kingdom, but there were 2, 3, 4, and 5 stars above him.
‘Why didn’t you wish? Why didn’t you long for it? But it’s not a place you can go just because you want to.’
said Wizard’s father.
“Stop it now. As I said yesterday, our daughter’s safety is our top priority.”
Bartok thought.
‘I don’t know.’
How crazy the people in this world are for wanting to become stronger.
Mental beats 4,000 times per second.
‘I don’t want to beat anyone. It’s not that I want to gain something by becoming stronger. just get stronger The fact that my existence is endlessly rising is itself very happy.’
to put it differently.
‘All humans… …
Power entered the Wizard’s eyes.
“Yaaaaa!”
Mental beats 5,000 times per second.
‘You can become stronger. I can do better. you believe The moment you doubt it, it breaks.’
Tears of blood mixed with pure tears.
‘The sky… … I want to fly.’
The Wizard’s Spirit Zone, which reached its limit, began to collapse into a distorted form.
“If you lose your rhythm, it’s over.”
Sirone said.
“The accident is rigid. put everything down The desire to be recognized, the obsession to be successful, let go of everything and focus on the present. Do not converge your thoughts, but release yourself with a divergent feeling.”
“Aaaaaaa!”
When the mental beat reached 6,000 times per second, Sirone felt a thrill of goosebumps.
‘Understand immediately, change the state of mind.’
I didn’t feel any jealousy, it was like watching a piece of art.
But to others, it was a harrowing sight, with a seven-year-old bleeding from his eyes, nose, and mouth.
“Wizard.”
Wizard’s mother cried.
“Stop it now. please. I know my child has talent. but… … What does it mean if you have succeeded in doing this?”
“A talent?”
Sirone was the first to speak.
“Does that child look like he is taking all the pain right now because he has talent? If you think so, you are committing great disrespect to the Wizard.”
“Ha, but… …
“Yes, Wizards are geniuses. Maybe there is such a thing as talent. But mother.”
Sirone looked back at her.
“There is no talent in this world to do something well without effort.”
With a force different from yesterday, Mom shut her mouth.
“Humans are all the same. Would a genius hurt less when pricked with a needle? no. It’s just a difference in how we understand the pain and how we digest it. Are you seeing the wizard’s talent? I am the opposite. All I can see is a seven-year-old trying to reach the current level… …
Sirone turned her gaze to the Wizard.
“It’s just the amount and size of the pain I had to digest from inside my mother’s stomach.”
How much the fetus must have cried to sort out those ridiculous feelings.
“My daughter… …
Mom cried.
“You said you were a farmer.”
Said Sirone, feeling apologetic.
“I don’t know, but farmers say they remove rotten rice seeds in advance. However, that feeling won’t be good. Raising huge creatures sometimes has to be brutal.”
Dad’s eyes changed.
“You can’t make us understand our world. Just as no one else knows exactly what the farmer’s world is like, neither do we. But within that, we dream and compete. For us, that is the only real world.”
≪ o ” ?M.
Everyone was like that.
“Wizards want to be the best. It’s not because of her talent, but the sheer amount of pain she’s endured doesn’t allow her where she is now. That is why she threw everything the moment she met me.”
Sirone begged.
“Leave it to me. I will quit when I find the Wizard really intolerable.”
“But even now I am possessed with blood like that… …
“You stay still.”
The husband who dried up his wife said to Sirone.
“I see what you mean. I am a male too. It’s not like I’ve never had a dream of climbing to the top of the world. But my daughter is going to be the best?”
“yes. If you can endlessly digest the pain you are now, you will soon be.”
Dad looked at the wizard.
Tears welled up in his eyes as he clenched his teeth and endured even though his eyes were bleeding.
‘Damn it! yes, i want to fly Dad wanted to fly too. So feel free to do it. Dad will protect you.’
He closed his eyes, lowered his head, and shouted.
“i look forward to!”

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-1044.txt
=============YYYYY=============
Training limits (4)
Sirone gained courage.
“thank you.”
Because they no longer had to pay attention to their parents, the standards for training soared significantly.
“It’s still not enough. more.”
It must have been a psychological barrier to stay long at the 6,000 times per second demonstrated by Sirone.
“Don’t try to control your mind. you yourself become a mind Don’t try to analyze it, throw yourself into the unknown.”
“Huh!”
The wizard’s eyes changed again, and the rhythm of his heartbeat began to soar.
The speaker announcing the buzzer exploded with a pop, and an error message appeared on the recorder.
The teachers opened their mouths in a daze.
“Exceeded image zone function.”
Currently, only a few people know how far her abilities have risen.
Bartok murmured.
“7,200 times per second.”
It’s not about counting numbers.
Like counting the number of leaves with synesthesia, he savored the wizard’s heartbeat in its entirety.
Sirone’s synesthesia was the best.
‘Exactly 7,287 times.’
As the Wizard’s eyes rolled upward, the teachers who were inspecting the Image Zone came running.
“Oh Dae-sung, how about stopping for now? It can be dangerous if you don’t know the exact number… …
“Goed in.”
Sirone’s eyes sparkled, and the faces of the 10 Magicians all came to mind.
“You entered? What does that mean?”
said Amy.
“It means riding the flow. It is not easy to cross the limits. If you don’t pull it up as high as you can when you break the wall, you will lose money later.”
Bartok meekly admitted.
“Now I don’t know either. What is the wizard’s current ability?”
Sirone savored it for a while.
“9,273 times per second.”
Students and teachers were stunned, but it was embarrassing to stop here.
‘The goal is 12,000 times, twice as many times as I demonstrated.’
For example, when Sirone casts a beam, it is powerful enough to destroy a small city.
‘I can’t move on to the next level without that. I have a lot to teach, but time is running out.’
“haha.”
At that moment, the Wizard’s body trembled and a loud moan escaped from his mouth.
Amy frowned and said.
“Sirone, it’s shock.”
“Fear is inescapable. It must be an unknown world that you have never experienced before.”
The moans turned into screams.
“Ah! Aagh!” After confirming that her parents’ faces were turning white, Sirone approached the Image Zone.
“It’s okay, Wizard.”
The screams stopped.
“I did too. Everything I was sure of up until now collapses, and I don’t know anything.”
“Is this right? Could something be wrong? If I fail now, won’t I never have another chance?”
Wizard listened in a trance.
“But that is proof that you are still fighting. Don’t try to find the answer and be comfortable. You embrace the uncertainty that is bothering you right now and move on.”
There is no such thing as a compass.
“Fight.”
This was the only thing Sirone could say.
“Put it through.”
“Aaaaaaa!”
The focus returned to the Wizard’s eyes, and his heart rate rose at a tremendous rate.
Sirone clenched his fists.
‘ done.’
Maintaining 12,000 rounds per second without hesitation, the Wizard looked around.
“Ahhh, what is this?” He still looked frightened, but his face flushed with a more exhilarating sense of exaltation.
match. match. match.
Bartok applauded, followed by the Magic Ten, followed by Amy, teachers and students.
“oh my god… …
Wizard’s parents, who were unfamiliar with magic, could feel what the current situation was like.
When the wizard, whose heart stopped beating, came down from the image zone, everyone rushed at him.
“Awesome, Wizard! What a great skill!”
His face was pale because he was possessed with a lot of blood, but the child’s expression looked very happy.
“lol! If I hadn’t listened to my brother at the end, I would have failed. I was so scared back then… …
While receiving congratulations from countless people, only Sirone’s eyes were sad.
‘I proved it.’
That he is the only existence that can eliminate Habits.
‘Enjoy yourself to the fullest. You can do whatever you want. The world will give you infinite freedom. Whatever you do, no one will blame you.’
So it was even more sad.
‘But there is something you have to shoulder in return. One thing you can never put down… …
It is hope.
‘You must never say the word impossible under any circumstances. Even if everyone gives up, even if everyone waits for the end in frustration, you must say this.’
I can do it.
‘That’s your destiny. The future given to you.’
Sirone couldn’t help but smile in front of the huge hopes that a seven-year-old child was carrying.
‘But now I can fight. A natural enemy that can kill Satan has been created.’
After making up her mind, Sirone asked Bartok.
“Did Mr. Lampa get a call? How is the situation in Kashan?”
“No message yet. Habitz also disappeared after entering Aganos.”
‘What are you up to?’
You could go to Kashan and check it yourself, but there was a strong enemy called Uorin.
‘Until the temple assembly is held, we must not take any special action. Her future Lassie changes the political situation.’
All conclusions are in the temple.
‘I do not have time. I have to complete the Wizard’s training and succeed in purifying the Pandemonium.’
Depending on the results created by the simultaneous events in Sirone, the fate of mankind would be decided that day.
‘Next 23 days.’
It was the period left until the temple assembly.
“Bad children. how could you do this to me How I raised you guys!”
Lethe, who had escaped the Grand Duke’s old castle, couldn’t calm down her anger and couldn’t calm down.
“This is the last time. Never again… Huh?”
When I looked up at the roar that exploded in front of me, a section of the city was completely blown away.
“What is that?”
Even in Lethe’s opinion, it was not the intensity of the impact commonly seen in Hell.
“huh?”
Two people were fighting fiercely in a blurry street.
‘Who is it? Asmodians?’
One was clearly a devil, but the other was a race that did not exist in hell.
Aaaaaaaang!
When the flash of light that came out of the demon’s hand landed on another person’s body, Emperor Pacheon exploded.
It wasn’t the shock and roar that can occur when hit by a creature’s body.
“what?”
Lette jumped right away.
“Big!”
Son Yu-jeong’s face crumpled as she slid across the floor.
‘What kind of guys are there?’
They said that even a young man with a vigorous body could not beat a master of martial arts.
‘It neutralizes all my attacks.’
It was exactly the way he was fighting the demons right in front of him.
“Huh!”
When I applied strength to my feet, the soles of my slippery feet sank into the ground and piles of dirt formed a mountain.
“Who are you?”
Where Son Yoo-jeong raised her eyes, red-skinned demons were creating a golden haze.
“What does that matter?”
Sirone was angry.
The reason she was different from other strong enemies was that she had no interest in anything other than combat.
‘Thunder naked.’
Whether the world perishes or humanity perishes, there is only a fighting spirit in her head.
‘It’s really annoying, it’s me.’
As Sirone’s sign turned colder, the group of lights rising from her body became clearer.
‘That’s the problem.’
Son Yoo-jung was very nervous.
I don’t know what the reason is, but I felt the same depth as Nane’s sermon.
“You are not a demon, are you? why are you disturbing me? You just do what you have to do.”
“what?”
Sirone laughed.
“Don’t get me wrong. You are interfering with my work. Whatever your purpose… …
As I wrapped my hands, the bright group of light was compressed with frightening pressure.
“You are less than me.”
When Sirone spread her hands, a flash of light as per the law embroidered the front brightly.
‘This child… …
Son Yu-jeong gritted her teeth as she glared at Sirone, who had come in front of her faster than the light.
‘Hwaangeumjeong.’
When I saw people pretending to be great, once I was overwhelmed with resentment, but not now.
‘ what?’
What was reflected in the eyes penetrating the truth was an extremely pure heart of love.
‘Yahweh?’
Goosebumps ran down my spine.
‘Because I’m really unlucky!’
Who would have known, that there would be another truth in the place where Buddha struck and fell.
“good.”
As Sirone raised her palm from the bottom up, an orb of light hit her stomach.
“Ah, Mr… … !”
There are no more questions.
However, the fact that the truth was revealed did not weaken the impact on the body.
“Aaaaaaa!”
bang! bang! bang! bang! bang!
Sirone watched indifferently as Son Yu-jeong passed through the building and disappeared.
The most annoying thing is that it’s still a long way off.
“Whoa.”
That’s why Nane also filled the long orphan and dropped Son Yu-jeong to hell.
“Let’s see, it’s me.”
His smile flashed in his eyes.
Ryan asked.
“Two ways?”
“okay. You must have heard why the chains of Gehenna are broken. There are two ways to fix this error right now. One, fix it systematically. Two, I will fix you.”
“Hmm.”
Lian couldn’t choose what was good.
“Each has its pros and cons. Fixing the system first will make you no longer bound by karma. Since it transcends the system anyway, it’s better to set it outside the standard.”
It meant that I no longer had to endure the pain of a burning heart.
“What does it mean to heal me?”
“It circumvents the karma set in you. So, it’s what the system misleads. The reason that is possible is your weapon <Idea>.”
Lian took out a large straight sword.
“This one?”
“That sword has an unbreakable code applied to it. It’s something you can’t create in hell because it requires a master code. You can use it to bypass karma.”
“I don’t know the professional language.”
Magritte explained at Lian’s level.
“It connects the chain of Gehenna to <Idea>. The torment of fire lasts, but the world will no longer claim your karma.”
“aha.”
Magritte extended his index and middle fingers.
“The first takes a long time, but it’s in your favor. The second one is over quickly, but you have to deal with the pain. Actually, I don’t like anything. I’d like to analyze everything about you and restore your system, but… …
It was questionable whether Lethe would give it that long.
“So you decide. Is it the former or the latter?”
Ryan didn’t think.
“I’ll do it for the second time.”
“… … Are you really okay? It can’t compare to the pain I’ve been through so far. When the chain of crab henna is connected to <idea>, the pain will circulate. Of course, the capacity of your sword to purify demons is also unlimited.”
“It doesn’t matter.”
Lian said, sticking the big sword behind his back.
“I am worried about Sirone. Even if that guy is a demon, he’s the one who wants to hear the story.”
“Are you different?”
In Magritte’s view, Lian was also a human enemy.
“yes.”
said Ryan.
“I know that demons also have hearts. but… … Nothing can take precedence over Sirone.”
Magritte, who was glaring at Lian with fierce eyes, sighed and raised the knife.
“Come this way.”
The operation began.

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-1045.txt
=============YYYYY=============
New Humanity⑴
Hwangseong Yeomra in Jincheon had numerous lights on even near midnight.
Jin Kang called Sirone.
“I will go in.”
Upon entering the emperor’s residence, Jin Kang was sitting alone drinking.
“Come in.”
When the door closed and Sirone sat down carefully, Jin Kang raised a porcelain wine bottle.
“Looks like you are busy with work.”
Sirone said while taking a drink.
“Because Jincheon is wide. Thanks to your help, many items are being processed quickly.”
Jin Kang was an active ally of Sirone, and this would be a great help in the temple assembly.
Breaking the awkward silence, Sirone spoke.
“Current voice… …
“Don’t get me wrong. I didn’t call you for that. If you made a promise, waiting is a great man.”
How can you not be curious, Jin Kang was not a person who read lines with personal feelings.
“The people of Jincheon are grateful. If it wasn’t for you, the damage to the Pandemonium would have been much greater.”
The Blue Dragon Mountains, where Bassago opened the Pandemonium, were now completely isolated.
“I just did what I had to do. It is fortunate that the range of mental radiation is not wide.”
The radius of 300 kilometers cannot be said to be narrow, but compared to Jincheon, it was localized.
Jin Kang got to the point.
“Hey, have you ever heard of the new people?”
“yes. It is the name that those with intelligence among the variants of the Blue Dragon Mountains call themselves. We’re quarantined right now, but we’ll find a way when the hell is over.”
“They rebelled.”
Sirone narrowed her eyes.
“I have just come across intelligence. It is said that the Hwangseong deviated from the proposed area and destroyed the troops. The northern and eastern gateways of the mountain range have been breached, and mutants are attacking nearby cities.”
“that is… … is this possible? The northern gateway is in charge of Yucheong, and the eastern gateway is in charge of Hwang Yi-seong.”
The reason why he dispatched Oh Ryongjang himself was because he judged that there were so many risk factors.
“It seems that the scale of the rebellion is incredibly large. I don’t know, how they multiplied their population. But if it comes out of nowhere like this, it’s one of two things. It’s been planned for a very long time… …
“An unexpected variable has occurred.”
“yes. Both the former and the latter are possible. After all, new people are different from humans.”
‘It’s different from humans.’
It was true.
“Put the rebellion in order. If their power expands, there is no guarantee that they will not invade the imperial castle.”
“yes. I will go directly.”
Even from Sirone’s point of view, Jincheon’s imperial power had to be maintained to fight in the temple.
It was an urgent situation, so I packed up and left the imperial castle that way.
Earth Dragon Gaitan and White Dragon As-Skiker were waiting.
“Are you leaving right away?”
“huh. I’m going to the Blue Dragon Mountains. Let’s speed things up so that they arrive by tomorrow morning.”
After flying into the sky, Sirone spread her wings while looking in the direction where the mountains were.
‘Biological mutation.’
Since the Pandemonium opened and a lot of time had passed, it must have been a completely different existence than imagined.
“let’s go.”
The apostles followed closely behind Sirone, who was flying while explosively pushing the wings.
Dawn dawned faintly over the Blue Dragon Mountains.
“The sun is rising.”
The landscape reflected below was much more serious than Sirone had initially expected.
The barriers made only by labor were torn down like saw teeth, and corpses formed fields.
Asriker’s eyes changed.
“Shall we go right in?”
If a rebellion was carried out under the banner of a new human race, there would surely be an instigator.
‘Smash the head with a quick fight.’
There was a point, but Sirone changed his mind after seeing the scale of damage on the ground.
“Let’s start by figuring out the situation. I don’t have a good feeling. There must be something we don’t know.”
Sirone flew to the northern gateway, which suffered the most damage, and landed in a ruined place.
“Oh Dae-sung!”
The soldiers who were rummaging through the collapsed building for survivors lowered their heads in unison.
“Where is the General?”
“You are resting in the infirmary ward. She was seriously injured, but fortunately, I heard that her life is not in danger.”
“Serious injuries?”
Are you saying that Wu Ryongjang, the great swordsman, was killed?
“Gaitan, stay on the scene and gather information. From last night’s circumstances, meticulously.”
“All right.”
It was something that As-Skiker couldn’t do.
After being guided by the soldier into the medical ward, Yu Cheong stood up with a hard expression.
“Oh Dae-sung.”
Bandages were wrapped from the chest to the abdomen.
“Just lie down.”
“no. To an unmanned person this much hurt… … Keugh!”
I wanted to protect my pride, but I couldn’t help but moan.
‘What kind of ugliness is this?’
Assryker was silent in the corner of the medical ward with his gaze lowered.
After being scolded by Sirone, she was the one who avoided eye contact with people as much as possible.
Even so, in Yu-cheong’s heart, she was everything.
‘It’s really beautiful. It’s just a pity that I can’t be her lover.’
Even the scars on his abdomen, which had been torn almost to the level of rags, could not be felt now.
“Who did you hit?”
However, the moment she received Sirone’s question, the feeling of walking through a field of flowers turned into a nightmare.
The fear of Baekryong to the point of closing one’s heart.
Yu Qing’s body trembled.
“Humans… … It wasn’t.”
It still haunts my eyes.
“No, the appearance was human. But the feeling itself is different. Not animals, not humans, not plants, not insects. How can I explain that… …
“Is he the ringleader of the rebellion?”
“I don’t know. At some point, they were hiding in the gateway. Then, he showed his true colors and began to destroy them at random. When I woke up, all the soldiers were torn like paper.”
As Yu Cheong clenched his fists, blood slowly seeped through the bandages he was wearing.
“My sword couldn’t even brush. It’s a party thing. He didn’t even come close.”
“But how did you get hurt like this?”
“Your eyes have changed.”
Yu Qing’s face went pale.
“It’s not the feeling, the entire pupil has turned black. That was it. When you come to your senses…
Like a dissected frog, its belly was split and its limbs were stretched out.
– Aaaaaaa!
Whey crouched down as her own screams broke through the memory curtain.
“Keugh! damn! damn it!” When the facts he had been desperately ignoring came to the surface, his mind was shattered.
“I don’t know! how alive! I didn’t even feel any pain at the time. Damn, what have you done to me! When that monster, that monster, Sirone stepped back, Ah Striker, who understood his intentions, comforted Yu-cheong’s back.
“are you okay. you did your best Leave it to us and let us rest in peace.”
“Ahhh… …
Yu Cheong, who was overcome with emotion and shed tears, gradually closed her eyelids with sleepy eyes.
Assryker gently laid him down, but the blood seeping through the bandages indicated that action was needed.
“The new race.”
While the doctor tended to her wounds, Sirone was lost in thought in the corner of the medical unit.
The As-Skiker has arrived.
“Messiah, eye skills only affect the mind, not physical effects.”
The part that Sirone was suspicious of was also at that point.
“okay. You can’t cut people’s stomachs just by looking at them. if it is possible… …
mind skills.
“Is it using quantum signals?”
“I don’t know. Even in Hell, there were demons with mutant abilities. The 4th generation cataclysm gained transcendental intelligence, but to use quantum signals, it would have to be at least 7th generation?”
It was an evolution in which the entire human race was allowed to mutate for a thousand years.
Gaitan came in.
“Messiah, I have something to report to you.”
“huh. say it.”
“It is said that the new human variants went east around dawn. Based on the map, the nearest city is Bukjeon, which has about 700,000 people.”
Sirone nodded.
“Then let’s go to the north. The order is to check the new people first and then hit the hideout.”
“yes. however… …
Gaitan added.
“According to the official, an expert was called from the Jincheon Emergency Department. You should have arrived in Northern Zhen by now. I think I should give you a report in advance.” Sirone frowned.
“Are you an expert? Even the general of Oh Ryongjang is an enemy who can’t even use his hands. What’s his specialty?”
“That is… …
Gaitan’s expression changed to embarrassment.
“They must be people the Messiah knows.”
The inhabitants of the Ivory Tower have arrived at the gates of the Northern Palace.
“ha ha ha! It’s a one-of-a-kind departure. After all, there is nothing more exciting than running in the field.”
A man wearing a judge’s uniform over 2 meters tall fluttered a fan and shouted.
It was Tanjoo Ra, a 1-star judge belonging to the Ministry of Law.
“Being exposed to the wind like this, it feels like my heart is open. Isn’t that right, Mr. Borbor?”
A woman as skinny as a toothpick was walking, wearing all-black clothing.
The half-parted lips and unfocused pupils proved that she was not really thinking.
Moray Borbor.
He was a 2-star resident of Balance Department, nicknamed Mollusk.
“Mr. Borbor?”
Borbor jerked and turned his head.
She stared at Tanjura, who was smiling, and burst into laughter.
“Uh ha ha ha! Ha ha ha ha!”
“Chuck! right? Fuhahahaha!”
Laughter suddenly stopped, and Borbor looked back at the front as if it hadn’t happened before.
‘It’s creepy. It’s creepy.’
The nickname “mollusk” comes from the mental fluidity that transcends human limits.
A tyrant, a murderer, a seductress, etc., there is no mental taste that she cannot respond to.
“stop. Who are you?”
When the guards at the gate stopped, Tanju Ra flapped her fan and spoke loudly.
“I am a merchant who buys specialties. I came to check out the specialties of Bukjeon, so can I go in?”
“A merchant?”
The guard exchanged glances and shook his head.
“Currently, North Jeon is under security control. There was an order from Taesu-nim not to let anyone in. Go back, or make camp until the controls are lifted.”
“Hmm, security control.”
As Tanjura clicked her tongue, Borbor’s eyes focused for a moment.
‘It’s already been eaten.’
Just like when they destroyed the northern gateway, they seemed to be trying to take control of the interior.
‘To occupy a specific area, destroying the command center is the most efficient way. To do such a troublesome thing even with unknown power… …
Because they cannot stand less efficient means.
‘Are they new people?’
“Look, actually we… …
When Tanjura tried to take out the Ivory Tower, Borbor held up her hand to stop her.
Then he approached the guard and whispered something in his ear with a pitiful expression on his face.
“Hmm.”
The guard, whose eyes were shaking, spoke to his colleague again, and in that state he sighed for a while.
“good. Let’s check it first.”
Two guards took Borbor to a makeshift guard post by the gate.
Giggles leaked out as Tanjoura waited, bobbing her feet.
“What are they doing?”
At that moment, a tremendous exclamation erupted, which turned into a scream, which soon turned into a sorrowful cry.
After a while, two guards walked out with their heads down and wiping away tears.
“Let’s go in.”
The guards who opened the door without saying a word seemed to have lost their character and there seemed to be no tomorrow.
Following Borbor, Tanjura asked.
“What have you done to them? Would you believe me if I told you to kill yourself right away?”
“nothing.”
Borbor’s focus went out again.
“They realized who they were.
That’s all.”

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-1046.txt
=============YYYYY=============
New People (2)
Like the tracks of a snowball, long grooves were dug in Laviette’s city.
Rumble!
Son Yu-jeong flew from end to end of the city with a roar resembling thunder.
“Ah, sir… …
Trapped between the ground and the wall, she stared straight ahead with her head bent vertically.
A red-skinned demon was walking with his hands behind his back.
“I’m going to get annoyed and go crazy.”
The reflection of Sirone in Son Yoo-jung’s Hwaan-Geumjeong seemed like a huge truth was pouring in.
“Kiyi!”
When she threatened with a distorted face, Sirone clicked her tongue.
“Are you still out of your mind?”
“What am I doing? I’m going to live my life doing whatever I want, but why are you guys giving me shit! I’m here to find a friend! I have no interest in hell!”
“That’s the problem. It just keeps getting worse and worse.”
“what? You do what you want too! Neither me nor Ymir, everyone lives wielding their own power, so why am I the only one who can’t do it!”
“Do whatever you want.”
Sirone stopped walking and looked down at Son Yu-jeong.
“You don’t know what to do?” “You have no convictions. you are the bomb A bomb that neither good nor evil wants to keep around.”
The power was enough to destroy the city of the Grand Duke.
“Because I have no faith, I am easily swayed by other people’s emotions. Trying to use you or trying to control you. There will only be people like that all around you.”
Richera, who had been silent at the overwhelming battle, made a prickly expression for a moment.
“So are you different? What is different about Buddha? Even now I have a long orphan stuffed around my neck, what kind of admonishment?”
“You might think so now. Help me cleanse hell. If you can realize it in the process, you too will gain true freedom.” Son Yoo-jung sighed.
“I am still free! I can do anything! If it wasn’t for the damn gold frame!”
As the belligerence revived and the body heated up red, Sirone sighed.
I understand your feelings.
‘If a malicious person tries to use it, it can cause fatal variables. I have to hold it now.’
Son Yoo-jung showed her teeth.
“Big!”
The preparations for the sortie were already over, but it was questionable what more could be done against Yahweh.
‘What do we do? They use really weird techniques. To be honest, this annoys me more than the sermon.’
There was something watching in the dark in her eyes, which were shining brightly.
‘ huh’?’
7 Generals and Baeksa.
Ilgak was a goblin with long horns, and Baeksa was a woman with white snake skin.
‘It was those strange feelings. If we’re going to fight, we’ll fight, why are you keeping an eye on me?’
Even checking Sirone’s worried expression, she found hope of escape.
‘yes. I wondered why Yahweh was transforming into a demon, but he was conscious of them.’
I heard from Richera that the demons hate the most is Yahweh.
‘I can’t memorize Gingoju.’
Having made a decision, she stood up from the ground and flew into the sky.
“Knock-knock! Grab it!”
Sirone’s expression did not change even as he heard the sound moving away in an instant.
“Come back.”
The moment he quietly exhaled, the smoke that spewed out like a meteorite fell to the ground.
Then a scream was heard.
“Aaaaaa! You son of a bitch! You are like a dog!”
Son Yu-jeong, who was choking on the long wine, was rolling on the floor clutching the gold frame.
“What’s wrong? why?”
Richera, who was rolling on the floor with her, felt terrified when she saw Son Yoo-jung’s face.
A huge shock was raging in her eyes, where all the blood vessels on her face were exposed.
Sirone murmured again.
“Son Yu-jeong.”
“Aww! stop! stop!” Her voice was small, but it felt like the whole world was vibrating in her ears.
“Give me three seconds. 1 second, 2 seconds… …
“Ee-e-e-e-e!”
As soon as the pain disappeared, Son Yu-jeong jumped up and flew to Sirone.
Landing with a thump, she exhaled as she knelt on one knee.
“ha! ha!”
In her eyes, she saw Sirone’s true self, who had reached 100% Yahweh.
“… … Weren’t you trying to hide it?” Sirone put on a bitter expression.
“okay. you ruined everything you always are So now you have to help me.”
“no… … You don’t like it?”
When Sirone narrowed her eyes, Yu-jeong flinched.
“Hey!”
Gingoa is a weapon that responds to the sincerity of those who have reached a deep level of enlightenment.
Even if it wasn’t illegal, every word Sirone uttered was the law.
Son Yoo-jeong held out her hand.
“don’t do it! I made it clear not to!”
“So listen. Will you refrain from self-indulgent behavior in the future and help me with my work?”
Sirone looked at the blind spot of darkness.
‘Already left.’
When Yahweh was revealed 100 percent, an unconcealable murder took over the city.
But the energy quickly disappeared.
‘It must have been a strategic decision not to stop me right away. Still, it’s not a loss if you can keep Son Yoo-jung by your side.’
The moment the thought was over, Son Yu-jeong, her eyes widened, rushed at a terrifying speed.
“OK! You die and I die!”
“Tsk.”
With just one click of the tongue, the long orphan was reduced, and her eyes widened.
“Huh billion!”
She grabbed her by the neck and fell backwards to the floor.
“Aww! no! absolutely hate it! Unleash this! Rather kill me!”
As Sirone watched indifferently, she couldn’t hold it back and shed tears.
“all right. I was wrong. I will do whatever you ask me to do, so stop it.”
At the same time, I also felt sorry for him.
“You are different from Havitz. You are still a blank slate with nothing decided. I’m sure that’s a pity too.’
If it was judged that there was no room for rehabilitation, Nane would have already removed it.
“Wake up.”
As Son Yu-jeong stood up with a sad crying face and wiped away her tears, Sirone rebuked her.
“For now, do what I tell you to do. Let yourself understand why.”
“All right. So what can I do now? Should I take off my clothes first?”
When Son Yu-jeong pretended to undress, Sirone raised one eyebrow and spat out.
“Yes, man.”
“Hey!”
Sensing the feeling of a long orphan shrinking, she got down on one knee in amazement.
“You only learn bad things from somewhere. You have a mission to change the flow of the times. Do not avert your eyes from responsibility.”
“Sheesh!”
Son Yoo-jung was overcome.
‘I tried to go comfortably after grilling and boiling. After all, Yahweh is also the same as the Buddhas.’
Sirone goes to Magritte’s castle.
turned the dog
‘It must have already reached Lethe’s ears. Then, the most dangerous is the old castle.’
Behind my back, I could feel Son Yu-jeong running away like a cat.
“Son Yu-jeong.”
she shrugged.
“yes? yes!”
“Come to the castle you see over there. You have to follow me straight away instead of fighting the demons.”
“All right.”
While Son Yu-jung answered sullenly, Sirone spread her wings and flew up.
‘Wait, Lian.’ As Sirone moved away with a roar, Richera, who was hanging from her hand, Yu-Jung’s waist, shouted.
“Now. Run away quickly! Now that this has happened, go to hell fire and purify me… … Aaaaaa!”
Son Yu-jeong grabbed his nose and twisted it as if to take revenge on the humiliation he had suffered so far.
Coffee dripped.
“If I could run away, I would have run away right away. They will kill me even from 108,000 li away.”
at last… … will be caught
“Aaaaaa! it’s annoying! I will really turn around!”
Behind Son Yoo-jeong, who jumped into the sky, a cloud of smoke continued like a tail.
Meanwhile, in the commander’s barracks, the 7th general’s life-threatening breath made it impossible to breathe.
Executioner Ithaca asked back.
“Yuppie was Yahweh?”
Her pupils completely absorbed the light, and her hair squirmed like a creature.
one said.
“I saw it myself. I never thought he would have acted out such a cunning trick when he came to the city and said there was no news.”
Mornom glanced dazed at Oris sitting in the corner.
“But why? Why does Yahweh bother to disguise himself as a demon to fight an intruder?”
“maybe… … It must be the Grand Duke’s order.”
said Guimara.
“Currently, the president of a chemical company is staying in the city. But the Grand Duke seems to be in a position to defend Yahweh.”
“Is it Lethe?”
Ithaca’s hair grew rapidly and he ran toward Magritte’s castle.
Her eyes widened, and for the first time she rose from the executioner’s desk.
“Meet the Mother of Hell.”
At that time, when everyone turned their heads, Lethe appeared after walking through the tent in the barracks.
While all 7 generals took the same stance, Lethe first checked the atmosphere.
“You have enough to live. Is there anything you 7 generals can do to radiate energy like this?”
Everyone waited for Ithaca to reply, but she accepted the rudeness and shut up.
‘ The Archduke… …
It sounds like you are in favor of Yahweh.
Lethe, who had already anticipated General 7’s attitude, spat out with a cold expression.
“Explain. I already told the grand duke, but there will be no more mercy.”
‘I’m serious.’
Gimara trembled, feeling a completely different energy from when they met at the castle.
“good. We should get rid of the executioner first.” As Lethe raised her hand, the hellfire that purifies all demons burned hot.
‘Mother of Hell.’
If all demons are born with Satan’s characteristics, Lethe turns all demons into primitives.
“Yahweh… …
Before her elbows were even straightened, Ithaca raised her head while lying on her stomach.
“Yahweh has deceived us.” Hellfire is gone.
Ryan screamed.
“Aaaaaaa!”
The chains of Gehenna that protruded from his body pierced his body as if they were going to eat him.
“Hold on. It’s your choice. This is the quickest way we can take.”
It takes three days to join the chain of Gehenna to the Idea in the usual way.
Hence the random number.
The karma code is randomly rotated to pull out the chain until a connection is made.
“Huhhh…|”
Realizing that Lian’s groans had died down, Magritte shuddered innocently.
‘It’s a truly amazing body.’
The pain that Rian endured must be of a size he had never experienced since he fell into hell.
‘Humans are a really strange species.’
How could I not hate Sirone for forcing me to suffer this unreasonable pain?
‘wait! I’m coming, Sirone!’
Lian’s eyes burned as if chains were wrapped all over his body as if he had been eaten.
I couldn’t stand the screams this time.
“Aaaaaaa!”
With the sound of iron sliding, the untied chain sprang from Lian’s palm.
Then, he climbed the handle of the Daejikdo he was holding onto like a twist and combined the information.
Seeing <Idea> glow red, Magritte exclaimed.
“done!”
If it was a normal sword, it would have melted in less than a second, but <Idea> was all there was to it.
“It doesn’t break.”
That is Augent’s conviction.
As I gripped the handle of the large sword, I felt an explosion of hot flames.
Magritte held out both hands.
“for a moment! Not here!”
Before he could finish his words, <Idea> jumped out and crashed into the wall of the laboratory.
“Huh!”
Lian’s eyes widened, and enormous energy rushed through the chain.
“Yaaaaa!”
The entire wall, which had been burning like lava, evaporated completely, blowing away the underground scenery.
‘Extreme purification ability.’ Magritte trembled in his body.
‘do. You can do this. It can purify all the karma of the true nature.’
To put it in other words… … .
‘The psychic realm opens.’

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-1047.txt
=============YYYYY=============
New People (3)
den.
In a space alone that he did not even inform his entourage, Fermi opened a box mined by a mercenary parrot.
It contained memo pads whose soil had not been removed and pieces of metal of unknown use.
It was the future from the past.
‘Memory chips will take time to recover.’
In addition to being buried for a long time, the hardware itself was severely damaged.
Fermi put the chip down.
‘Careful, careful.’
Complete recovery is difficult, but if you know even one word, the value is beyond imagination.
Picking up the note with tweezers, Fermi gently shone on the light on the desk.
someone’s diary.
“Let’s see.”
Or, it may be the last record scrawled with despair before death.
“New people?”
With the word in his head, Fermi unfolded the double-folded paper with tweezers.
It was an official document, half torn as if it had been destroyed, and had Eastern characters written on it.
“Anyway, politicians… …
A strong sense of duty not to hand over information to other countries even if the world perishes.
He deciphered the letters with flexible thinking.
‘The second beast. Number 666 of the beast. 3-step filter to reach the end. Argones runaway possibility.’
Putting down the document, Fermi rested his chin.
‘As expected, the end is inevitable. The human mind that has reached the singularity cannot ignore the outside world.’
The singularity is separated by a three-stage filter.
‘Step 1 is awareness of the outside world. The second stage is contact with evidence from the outside world. And step 3… … The photon field escapes.’
According to Fermi’s analysis, the current human race was just passing through the second stage filter.
‘That’s the beginning of the new people.’
More detailed information would need to be mined, but it was clear that it had something to do with the outside world.
‘Once you reach stage 3, the world ends somehow. But somehow… …
In his opinion, the end was as difficult as the integration of humanity into Ultima.
‘It’s very difficult to go to extremes in any case. furthermore… …
Hadn’t the guffin already left the photon field?
“hmm.”
Fermi tapped the tweezers.
“You can’t necessarily think that you have entered the outside world just because you have left the photon field.”
Even so, I wanted to fill the gap in reason.
“or… … Or the concept of the outside world is completely different from what Guffin and us think.”
I couldn’t be wary of what I didn’t know.
‘A perfect end? Force beyond causality? Is this world a system that allows that?’
In fact, even when Nane tried to close the world, didn’t an existence called Sirone defend it?
‘That’s the rule. It is a world in which extremes must have corresponding extremes.’ Thus, the end is something that transcends the world.
‘I can’t imagine. Apart from the function of the brain, it must be the kind that cannot be processed by our brain.’
What kind of shape is it?
“End of numbers.”
Any unimaginable shape would eventually come down to numbers.
With a click, the tweezers were fixed on the desk, and Fermi’s gaze was fixed on one of the notepads.
‘The second beast.’
A being born first to receive the first beast and destroying the world.
‘Where is it?’
Sirone will be there.
Holding the official document with tweezers, Fermi carefully examined the seal on the torn area.
“North War.”
After safely passing through the gate of Bukjeon, we entered the brewery called Bor Bor and Tanju.
A young white student with swords on both sides lowered his head.
“You are here.”
It was Tanjura’s satellite Great Lakes.
“What about Mika?” As the tent in the boudoir was removed, a stooped old man came out carrying a pot.
He said after checking the stars.
“Many of the residents have been replaced with new people. The owner of this brewery is also a rookie.”
Borvor’s satellite, Mika, is an electromagnetic creature that can parasitize the bodies of others.
Since there was no emotion from the beginning, Borbordo was indifferent when dealing with Mika.
“What is the mechanism?”
“It uses a method of mutating surrounding organisms through mental radiation. It is similar to the technique used by Oh Dae-sung. A cloudy mind turns creatures around you into monsters.”
“It is quite dangerous. I felt complacent thinking that I only had to close down the area where the Pandemonium was open.”
“Mutations are unpredictable. Besides, this one can control the mind. This means he can mutate as he pleases.”
Tanjura’s face contorted.
“The ability to cause biological mutations. Seriously. If we can’t get rid of it in the Northern War, the continent will collapse.”
Borbordo had the same idea.
“Where are you now, the head of the new race?” Daeho said.
“Mika-san has searched for the city’s base, but no one knows the location. There is a high probability that he will be by the side of the governor of Northern Jeon, Hwang Gak. Or the Hwanggak itself.”
“Sure. Then, meet Tae-soo and check it out.”
Mika asked.
“What about the body?”
“Kill.”
As soon as the instructions were given, Mika raised the water and stabbed herself in the heart.
After a while, the electricity that escaped from the corpse permeated Borbor through an electric charge.
– I took control of the brain waves. would i think?
“No, process the signals coming from outside. Report any unusual mutations you notice.”
-All right.
After leaving the brewery, the two stars and the two satellites headed straight for the inner gate.
Mika, who had been silent until now, sent a powerful signal to Borbor’s brain.
– Not human.
Although the appearance was the same as that of a human, the soldier’s eyes did not contain any emotion.
“What’s going on?” Looking at the pointed spear, Tanjura said.
“I came to see Taesu Hwanggak. If you kindly let me in, we are willing to talk.”
At the same time as the words ended, a powerful energy began to feel in the soldiers’ bodies.
– Back off. Analysis is not possible.
It was a qualitatively different sense of intimidation from the creatures that Mika had been parasitic on.
Borbor’s gaze turned upward.
‘If the intensity of mutation increases at close range… … The head of the new human race is in the castle.’
I don’t know how powerful the mental radiation is, but the star of the ivory tower is probably no exception.
“Chuck! Things that aren’t even human are powerful. Now what?”
Borbor made a decision.
“Forced Breakthrough.”
At the same time, the soldiers’ skin was ripped open, revealing what looked like a mixture of humans and locusts.
“Keeeh!”
Tanjura swallowed her saliva with excited eyes at the sound of screams from her gaping jaw.
“Interesting.”
“stomach!”
The moment Daeho shouted, a swarm of locusts filled the sky from the top of the wall.
A munching sound was heard.
≪Uh uh ha 丁?
It was a 17-year-old girl who ate off the arm in front of the corpse of Taesu Hwang-gak.
He had a naive impression, as if he did not know the darkness, but his eyes were not human.
“it’s good.”
The bone was exposed when the muscle of the arm was torn open.
“Piri.”
It is not the name given to you by your parents.
After evolving into a new human, she gave herself a name that means escape from reason.
“Bad valve, are there any more like this? Strong human meat. I want to keep eating.”
At the end of Piri’s gaze, there was a huge locust man standing over two meters tall.
The wings hidden inside the carapace fluttered, and the scorpion’s tail rose higher than the top of its head.
“This is not the time to enjoy eating. Quite powerful men have come outside the city gates.”
Piri’s face was full of joy.
“really? Can I have more delicious meat? What are you doing, don’t hurry up and catch me?”
“… … Aren’t you staying too long? We must slowly destroy this city and leave.”
“haha! are you okay. we are strong You know that? No one in this world can beat us.”
It was true.
They hadn’t fought against all of humanity, but they knew exactly what they were.
Such ability, such intelligence.
‘Have we become gods, we… … ?’
Piri held out her hand.
“more. meat.”
The grasshopper’s eyes stared at it, then it spread its wings and turned to the window.
“I will be coloneled soon.”
The grasshoppers who filled the front of the castle gate surrounded Tanjura and trembled.
“Kyik! Kiik!”
The reason he can’t move is because he was sentenced to prison by Tanjura.
“The crime of causing trouble in the world, 600 years in prison! 987 years in prison for causing serious damage to the psyche of an innocent villager!” As soon as the verdict was handed down, legal bindings bound the locust men.
“Therefore, taking all the charges together… … Tanjura tore the corner of her mouth.
“execution.”
At the same time, Dae-ho flew in like the wind and swung the twin swords in both hands left and right.
‘Jakdu.’
The faces of the grasshoppers were cut into chunks as if they were cutting through the landscape with scissors.
“Chuck! I’ve been punished today as well.” The cutting power of the cutting head using the law of the lever is theoretically unlimited. Tanjura happily touched his beard.
‘It’s the same principle as being able to move a planet with an infinitely long pole and fixture.’
Also, because of this, it was possible to inflict physical damage even in the state of ‘imprisonment’.
Borbor has arrived.
“Don’t be alarmed. The northern gateway to the Blue Dragon Mountains will not be destroyed to this extent.”
Dae-ho drew his sword.
“They must be variants of the North War. Is it qualitatively different from the variant in the Blue Dragon Mountains?”
Before I could answer, the gates opened.
When I saw a non-human being walking gracefully like a human.
-You have to run away.
Mika sent a warning, but Borbor couldn’t take a step from the spot.
‘The moment it moves, it dies.’
A bizarre feeling surrounded the locust man to such an extent that he could be sure.
‘strong? so you can’t win No, it’s not that kind of temperament.’
I don’t know.
The reason why I feel that it can never exist even though I haven’t looked all over the universe…
‘what is the problem? Aura of shape? The bizarreness of evolution? No, it’s all imaginable.’
The only thing I can’t imagine.
‘number.’
A remarkable parameter that arises when the information that makes up it is expressed mathematically
‘It has a number different from ours.’ something that doesn’t exist anywhere in the universe.
Her thoughts passed to Mika, and her judgment fell as quickly as electricity.
“Run away!”
Tanjura and Daeho left their seats, and Borbor rushed forward.
‘It doesn’t matter if I die… …
I had to avoid a situation where everyone in this place was wiped out and I couldn’t report to the Ivory Tower.
-I will do it.
When control of his brain was passed to Mika, Borbor’s body flexed like rubber.
The time when the limbs fly like a whip and try to entwine the body of a locust human.
– Unrecognizable.
The appearance of the enemy evaporated, and a powerful shock was delivered to Borbor’s back.
“Ouch!”
delivered by Mika.
-89% of brain functions were paralyzed. You will go into a coma for a while.
‘no. Make the most of your time.’
– I refuse.
The locust man with the unconscious Borbor wrapped around his waist looked towards the castle gate.
“Should I chase you?”
He was conflicted for a moment, but his throat was drained and he remembered the image of Piri waiting for him.
“Because it is delicious to eat while alive.”
The inner door was closed.
Tanjura’s eyes burned red.
“Aww! Goyan bastards!”
He is running away like crazy, but his heart has tore the locust man a thousand times.
“Fix it. Reporting comes first.”
When Daeho’s ability, Jakdu, opened the gates of the outer fortress, an open field came into view.
“yes’?”
Tanjura’s eyebrows twitched, and both of them hurriedly stopped.
“Oh Dae-seong?”
Sirone was walking with the two apostles.

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-1048.txt
=============YYYYY=============
New People (4)
“I’m home.”
Badvalve carefully put down the fainted Bor Levor in front of Piri.
“Hey, it’s meat.”
The girl’s eyes, looking at Borvor, turned black like obsidian, and a small light appeared.
‘Eye of flute.’
Bardvalve shuddered.
‘Her gaze is not subject to an act of observation. Therefore, they are perfectly free from the law.’
It is possible to control quantum signals.
“Then where shall we eat?”
Just as Piri was about to rip off Borbor’s arm, the door to the boudoir slammed open.
“Piri.”
The locust people were crying.
“I’m sorry. Her co-workers were brutally beaten by that woman. I’m sorry. Please give me a chance to get revenge.”
Piri, who alternately watched the locust man and Borbor, readily agreed.
“Okay, take me.” No matter how good a person is, food is anyway.
“We are new people. It’s different from humans who commit fratricide to each other in order to eat more.”
“thank you! thank you!”
As the locust humans dragged Borbor along, Badvalve shrugged.
“I thought you would like it.”
“You have to be able to share. Until now, humans have dominated and ate everything on the planet. Now we just keep humans as livestock.”
To the new race, humans were just that.
“Kuaaa!”
At that time, at the sound of screaming outside, Badvalve approached the window and inspected the castle wall.
“I will bring you a better one.”
When the wind swept through the inner room, not even a trace of the grasshopper’s body could be found.
“Krr. Krrr.”
Tanjura shuddered as she saw Sirone, whose light smoke rose like a haze.
‘Is this Yahweh’s power?’
It was the Hand of God’s blow that destroyed over 300 locust people.
‘The realm of seeing the principles of all things as a single form. It can be said to be the end of enlightenment, but… …
White Dragon Assryker said.
“No surprise there. The Messiah is the one who will save mankind. It is natural that the class is different.”
Tanjoura flapped her fan.
“Hmmmm, what a surprise. I just confirmed Oh Dae-seong’s skills through the eyes of a large crowd.”
He couldn’t bear to look at her.
“A locust… …
When Sirone muttered with a serious expression, Gaitan, the Earth Dragon, moved.
“Do you have any problems?”
“The swarm of locusts in the East is a symbol of disaster. destroy the rice Therefore, this type of mutation is not accidental. It is a message to humans.”
“I guess you could interpret it that way. But it doesn’t look very threatening.”
“The problem is that we controlled the mutation.”
That was the point.
“Hexa can change the law, but she can’t control mutations. Because humans are beings with a mind. There will be an intermediate value where the quantum signals of each other collide.”
According to each person’s personality, it would mutate into numerous forms.
As-Skiker came out.
“You mean the enemy we’re dealing with has complete control over the human mind? That’s impossible. Because there is no way to simultaneously observe the electron’s position and velocity.”
Gaitan added.
“The mind is a quantum signal. The trajectory of a stone’s throw is already determined by the law, but what kind of mind a human will have one second later exists only as a probability. Even if you offer bread to a hungry person, you cannot guarantee that they will eat it 100 percent.”
Sirone was still lost in thought.
“It is the quantum signal that embodies the uncertainty of the mind, and that is why humans define the world. If there is an existence that can deny this fact… …
Gaitan fell silent at the terrifying conclusion.
‘The outside world.’
The only phase in which the position and speed of an electron can be observed simultaneously is outside the universe.
‘And that means… …
Even the human mind is not something that can be accurately measured there.
“Messiah.”
“know.”
Sirone finished her thoughts.
“Are we the mind or the program? Nothing will change. There are mistakes in the mind, and errors in the program.”
The Miracle Stream swayed and transformed into a giant Hand of God.
“How are you, Mr. Tanjura?”
Tanjura stopped fanning and asked again.
“yes? What do you mean?”
“A mutant who felt out of place. Do you think you can subdue that mutant with the Hand of God?”
After a while, the answer came.
“… … It will probably be difficult.”
The two apostles showed displeasure, but Sirone nodded obediently.
“I think I know roughly. From now on, I will give you the instructions. Mr. Tanjura, report to Sang A Tower. And Earth Dragon and White Dragon rescue Borbor.”
“How can you leave the Messiah behind…”
“It is you who are difficult. Borbor’s mental mobility is an essential weapon for mankind. I can’t sacrifice it now. Bring me alive by any means necessary.”
Just as the two apostles were making faces that didn’t look right, a large body fell from the sky with a thump.
Tanjura’s body froze in the familiar shape of a locust.
“I am Bad Valve.”
“… … I will go first.”
As Riker and Gaitan kicked off the ground and rose up, farther into the sky.
Badbelb, who had been following the scene with his eyes, turned his attention to Tanjura again.
“You are that guy. Did you bring a stronger human? You did a good job releasing it, too.”
His pride was hurt as much as he could, but he had no time to consider his feelings.
“Keugh!”
As Tanjura spurred away from the ground, Bar Devalve’s vocal organs trembled.
“Quack! I knew it. But I don’t like releasing it twice.”
The bard valve that disappeared without even feeling appeared behind Tanjura like an afterimage.
‘I can kill this and take it.’ As she tried to rip Jura’s claws from the claws of the locusts, she felt a great force at her side.
“huh?”
When I came to my senses, I was surrounded by light, and my consciousness vibrated in that state.
Qurrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr
The bad valve that flew through all the buildings in the northern part of the city rolled roughly on the ground.
After sinking his head into the cold soil for a long time, he turned his head and asked.
“What are you?”
Sirone was walking.
“That is what I want to ask. Where do you come from? Why are you in this world?”
I didn’t want to talk about Piri.
“Are you the king of men?”
Bardvalve, with its limbs attached to the ground and its back erect, was in the shape of a grasshopper.
“Cheuk, then that’s fine. We can give our king the ultimate taste.”
Before he could finish his words, Badbelb leaped and swung his claws at Sirone.
Quantum movement is triggered.
“Keugh!”
All of Sirone’s chances were caught in the grasshopper’s claws, sending out hundreds of shockwaves per second.
‘As expected, this guy… …
In front of the power that penetrates the Miracle Stream’s defense wall, Sirone realized.
‘ different.’
A sense of incongruity, as if a certain part of a picture was cut out and attached to a completely different picture.
‘I’m not a being created from the cosmic constant of this world. It’s an absolutely different sign.’
In the beginning, when the universe was born, the total amount of energy was fixed.
In other words, it means that the mathematical limits of the universe, the limits of physical quantities, are set.
‘If there is an outside world, our world would be blocked by a barrier of rational numbers.’
For example, if the limit for the most powerful explosion and fastest speed in the universe is set at 99.
‘No phenomenon can exceed 99. The moment you cross it, it will be an error and the system will correct the world.’
However, it seems that Bard Valve, which I am dealing with now, is crossing the limit.
The total amount of figures may be similar, but there was something that overwhelmed Sirone in certain areas.
‘Especially the ability to detect time.’
A sense of time-lapse that pierces through even the quantum signal of indignation.
‘It’s dangerous.’
Sensing a crisis even more in terms of the form in the early stages of its occurrence, Sirone increased its power.
“Kiii!”
As the Hand of God thumped and slammed the ground, Bad Valve’s body, which blocked his face, tightened tightly.
‘ It’s awesome.’
Even if it is a livestock, if it is in this state, it has no choice but to clap.
‘no. We are the rulers.’
Bard Valve, recalling the philosophy of the new race, moved faster and attacked.
Lights flashed all over the city, and the tiled houses evaporated with the heat alone.
‘It’s here.’
Bad Valve pierced the barrier and threw his fist at Sirone.
A mushroom cloud rose.
Sirone exhaled heavily in the clear, clean field of a radius of several hundred meters.
“Whoa!”
Bardvalve’s shoulders trembled.
‘Did you stop it?’
A physically impossible phenomenon.
‘Could it be like Piri? no, that can’t be Cattle and such have such an ability… …
Hand of God – the skill of the hand.
If Bad Valve is certain of something, Sirone can fool his heart.
“Where are the childish pranks!”
The moment Bard Valve guessed the trick and raised his other hand, he heard the sound of a gong cutting through the air from across the sky.
A sword emitting white light dug straight into the locust’s side.
“Kuaaa!”
Sirone’s eyes widened.
‘This???????’
Sermon-Moon.
Bard Valve, who had been pushed away dozens of meters while screaming, trembled and wriggled.
“it hurts! what’s this!”
Moments later, a man who fell from a place higher than the sky landed next to Sirone.
“me : yes.”
“You’re running hard today too, Shiro-ye.”
Since they weren’t shaking hands and smiling, Sirone asked with caution.
“Why are you here all of a sudden?”
“that.”
Nane pointed to the locust man.
“I was watching from the lunar surface, but it didn’t feel right. I have something to discuss with you.”
“top?”
“The outside world. Things are a lot more complicated with you messing around.”
Sirone frowned.
“That would be your position. If you had changed your mind from the start, none of this would have happened.”
“These insignificant livestock!”
Badvalve shuddered and shouted.
“How dare you harm me, who will lead the future of the new race! I’ll give you a piece! I’m going to chew and eat it!”
The conversation between the two was cut off.
“I will withdraw my words that I will offer it to Piri-nim alive! Don’t inflict pain instead! great pain! The worst you can feel as a living being… … !”
“shut up.”
When the two of them turned their heads at the same time, the bard valve’s shouts suddenly stopped.
“First, let’s deal with this and talk.”
“I will.”
Sirone turned around first, and Nane followed him slowly.
‘What, what?’
Bardvalve backed away without even realizing it.
‘I’m afraid of cattle or something? No, that’s impossible.’
Still, the legs did not move.
‘What the hell are those things?’ Yahweh’s Hand of God covered the sky and Buddha’s sermons poured down like showers.
“Kiaaaaa!”
born and became king
And at this moment, Bad Valve regretted choosing life for the first time.
‘No no!’
A flash of light exploded, and what should not exist in this world returned to nothing.
continues in the next volume

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-1049.txt
=============YYYYY=============
Fine-tune(1)
A huge pit of unknown depth was created at the site where the bard valve had disappeared.
Sirone, who had been observing the darkness, turned to Nane.
“Why did you come here?”
Similarly, Nane, who was deeply lost in thought, approached with a smile.
“Since I have legs too, can’t I go anywhere?”
“Don’t talk back.”
Sirone sighed softly.
“If the heart doesn’t move, the legs don’t move either. Why did you come here all of a sudden when you haven’t been shaken by anything?”
“There… … There is something strange.” Nane pointed to the northern palace.
“An entity with a different cosmic constant from this world. It also means that fine-tuning has been done.”
“Fine-tuning?”
“There is a limit to the outcome of events in space. For example, if you create a world in which small balls move, it is impossible to set the ball’s speed, mass, and direction to infinity.”
“Because it transcends the scope of creation.”
“Yes. Therefore, if all characteristics were converted into numbers, the limits of those numbers would be exactly the same as the limits of the settings of this world. I don’t know who is closest to that limit.”
Nane raised the index finger.
“Of course, in terms of power, there are supernova explosions and black holes, but they are slaves to the law according to the cycle of nature. Overall, Ymir is big. Free will is such an overwhelming ability.”
“Even a child can set a mountain on fire… … You mean?”
“okay. But the New Humanity is out of that shame. Physics, senses, mind, logic, everything has been fine-tuned. It won’t be easy to stop.”
Sirone also realized through Bard Valve.
‘If it wasn’t for me, the battle would have been more difficult. it’s the same for me but… …
The question is still unresolved.
“Why are you helping me? Wasn’t closing this world what you wanted?”
“Things have changed. In a closed state, I would be the only right, but you opened the ceiling. In an open state, the truth here loses its absoluteness. It’s not pleasant even from my point of view as a Buddha.”
Nane went to the inner sanctuary.
“let’s go. There are things you should check before making a decision. It’s good to see you with your own eyes.”
the terrible truth.
w O ”
? 丁That .
When Borbor opened her eyes, she found her hands tied to the ropes in the ceiling.
Dozens of grasshopper human faces came into her field of vision as she blinked.
“Keiy. Comrade’s… … enemy.”
Even though he was raising his chin and nails without any special weapons, he was threatening enough.
Borbor was bitter.
‘I am alive.’
If life is pain and death is fear, then what is it about dying and coming back to life?
The locust man has come.
“Don’t think that he will kill you easily.”
He looked like a leader because he was taller than other newcomers.
Guy ■ stuck out his vicious chin.
“I’ll give you a finely chopped piece. Watch the four flesh points go down our throats, lowly cattle.”
‘Again… …
All deaths of mankind will be solitary deaths.
‘I have to live.’
it’s a lonely life
Even if you live desperately, even if you disappear right now, nothing will change, a life shoveling in the air.
‘Is dying annoying, isn’t living sweet? It’s not a world covered with honey.’
“Bark! Try barking!” As the locust man’s claws pricked his side, Borbor’s eyes shot with electricity.
There was no change in facial expression.
“haha! It holds up well. Then how about this one?”
A scream erupted from Borbor’s mouth as his flesh cracked and his bones were scratched.
“Aaaaa!”
The locust people burst into laughter.
“good! That sounds great!”
The leader, blushed by his comrade’s laughter, drove his nails deeper.
“ruler! How about this? this… … !” The reason the leader stopped talking was because he saw Borbor’s still cold eyes.
‘ what?’
In her pupils, the expressionless face of an insect was clearly reflected.
As the leader slowly tilted his head, Borbor’s head fell at the same angle.
‘No, no.’
The leader was confused.
‘I think I’m copying this livestock?’
said Borbor, who cannot find his identity without borrowing the feelings of others.
“Dig my eyeballs.”
The leader couldn’t tell if the voice he had just heard was hers or his own.
“Y-yes!”
At the point where Pia’s boundary disappeared, he reached out his hands toward Borbor’s eyes.
“I’ll dig out your eyes!”
“uh? uh’?”
The locust people were astonished.
“hey! for a moment! What are you doing?”
At the same time as he shouted, the leader of the locusts grabbed his eyeballs with his claws.
“Aww! Die, filthy cattle!”
Borbor shouted.
“Aww! Die, filthy cattle!”
The grasshopper’s eyeballs exploded, and the leader staggered as he held the thick mass in both hands.
“ha! ha! You did it! I said I had my revenge!”
“crazy??????
Borbor slowly turned his head while the locust people watched blankly.
“next.”
When the door opened, waiting for Sirone and Nane was a girl with a naive impression.
The eyes of the girl tearing off someone’s arm were black and had small lights embedded in them.
Sirone got goosebumps.
‘I don’t know.’
Neither Sirone with Omega nor Nane with Akashic Records could define her.
“It’s definitely unique.”
Nane smiled and approached me.
“No matter how the law changes, this will not be created. You who deviate from the truth, what are you?”
Piri said while eating the flesh deliciously.
“god.”
No proof was needed.
“From the moment I existed, everything is below me. So give me your arms and legs.”
The moment Piri finished speaking, a life he had never experienced before filled the room.
‘It’s a disaster.’
The reason why Yahweh and Buddha were able to divide philosophy is also because the closed world was right.
‘It’s a philosophy for humans, and it’s a world defined by humans. Other beings should not be defined.’
Nane approached, spreading the sword of the sermon.
“Would you like to see your skills?”
Sirone also broke the hexa and launched the Hand of God, but Piri remained calm.
“Hmm, will you fight me?”
“Should we call it a fight? Was there a point where you and we could collide?”
“but??????
Finally, Piri, who tore off the flesh, threw away her bony arm and stood up.
“Come on.”
The corners of her mouth parted grotesquely, and at the same time, Sirone and Nane rushed forward.
‘please……
With the Hand of God mounted over her shoulder, Sirone gritted her teeth and swung her arms.
‘I hope there is something left.’
In the silence that transcended the roar, the city of Northern Warfare was ablaze with flashes of light.
Kururrureung! Kururrureung!
From 500 meters in the sky, As Riker and Gaitan watched the battle on the ground.
It wasn’t for them to intervene.
Gaitan, who was holding on to the fainting Borbor by the wrist, spoke with a serious expression.
“You have unusual eyes.”
Asriker agreed.
“hmm. If you accept photon signals and imagine them as quantum signals, it seems to happen. You are ignoring causality.” The mountain was snipped away.
Perhaps Piri is cutting through the landscape imagining a giant pair of scissors?
“The ability to combine the subjectivity of Yahweh with the objectivity of Buddha. But even so… …
Rather, it was the flute that was being pushed.
“It is a wonderful pincer. If there was even a slight mental gap between the two of you, it would have been over. The person who understands Yahweh best is Buddha. It’s ironic.”
As the magic circle was engraved in the pupils of the As-Skiker, the scenery on the ground greatly expanded.
“… … finished.”
“ha! ha!”
Piri’s condition was miserable.
His left eye was missing, his legs were amputated below the knee, and his right arm was grotesquely broken.
“You guys, how… …
Because she was ignoring the signals of this world, any wounds were abnormal.
“Do you know how to talk?”
99.99% of the language spoken by mankind is just the barking of animals in the ears of the flutes.
“Did you hear?”
Only Sirone and Nane, who were approaching now, were using logical language.
“Then it is an honor.”
As a huge sword was born behind Nane’s back, Sirone spewed out a Miracle Stream.
The Hand of God grabbed the sword of the sermon and aimed the flute at the top of the sky.
“Oh, no.”
she couldn’t admit it.
“You are cattle! You dare not harm me, the head of the new race! This is a lie!”
“Sermon.”
you say
“Heart.”
Sirone performed.
A red flash of light descending from the sky divided the world into two halves, ignoring time.
“Ouch!”
The flute’s flute broke, and the severed neck rolled around along the place where the sword had been impaled.
“all… … It’s a lie.”
Sirone understood her feelings of not admitting defeat even at the moment of death.
“Should I say strong? If something like this appears again, then I will not be able to handle it.”
“This is a paving stone, Sirone.”
“paving stone?”
“If it’s simply to subdue you, you can create a monster beyond imagination. But that would require everything to be redesigned in the early stages of the universe. The 2nd stage filter is to annihilate you while maintaining this world. If we go one step further, then the entire human race will be annihilated.”
Perhaps because it was me, Sirone finally realized the identity of the sense of incongruity.
“What are you thinking? Why did you come to the north? You said there was something you wanted to check.”
“The world is open. So I have to find an answer to one question. Answer me, Sirone. Am I the one who swallowed Ankera’s dream?”
Looking back at Sirone, Nane asked.
“Or is it Ankera who swallowed Nane’s dreams?”
“What was unimportant in the confined world is now the most important. I’m going to the outside world Even there, if I was still human, a smile would come to Nane’s lips.
“Maybe I too can become a god with a heart. It will remove the afflictions of sentient beings.”
” me : yes??????
Maybe in the world out there, the two want the same thing.
“but.”
the smile is gone
“If I were a program, there would be no human named me. At that time, please come back. and… …
Amy.
Nane swallowed, but Sirone knew.
‘I opened the outside world, but you could close the open ceiling again.’
If you kill Amy.
However, what he chose was ultimately his heart, so he was prepared for eternal extinction.
“I’d rather go. This is the world I want to protect. So I think it’s fitting for me to go.”
Nane shook her head.
“Only the one who swallowed Ankera’s dream can pass the filter. If you leave the photon world, humanity will perish. You can’t just blow your last chance.”
“but… …
“I opened the psychic realm. It is the pain caused by me, let me put an end to it.”
“Come on, who comes first…
“Please.”
Turning around, Nane’s body was covered with light, and countless swords of sermons were fired outward.
Sirone asked while hearing the sound of the sword returning to the end of the universe.
“Won’t you regret it?”
Nane, who closed her eyes, smiled softly.
‘I’ll do it.’
The face of the one person who could not turn it into a ball until the very end flickered in my mind.
‘Lungness.’
leave with a heart
The moment Nane’s eyes opened, the sword of the sermon pushed through the space as if crumpling, and was lodged in her body.
“Great!”
Light emanated from Nane’s pupils and turned the whole world as white as a sheet of paper.
‘Let’s see. what’s there.’
When the scenery regained its original color, Nane had evaporated without leaving even a sound.

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-105.txt
=============YYYYY=============
[105] Geumgangseung (5)
“You’re not a kid, are you splitting sides? I am sincere too. Because I don’t want them taking Sirone.”
Please enable JavaScript
Amira made a puzzled expression. Her desire to protect her friends is imaginary, but she was in the advanced class anyway. There was no way she could fight against this side of her senior year, most of them.
“Do you guys know that you guys are really great? Do you think you can win against us?”
Starting with Amira, all the demonstrators entered the spirit zone. The powerful John of the senior year level was transmitted through Nade and Iruki’s synesthesia.
‘Quack. Heck heck.’
Watching their confrontation, Fermi secretly shook his shoulders. The current situation was ridiculous and to the point of death.
‘okay. fight, fight Destroy it as much as you like.’
Fermi knew that all profits are created from chaos and confrontation. In that sense, war is the best blue ocean. Because wealth accumulation is impossible unless the few winners exploit the many losers.
Fermi knew how to win wars. You have to castrate your emotions. Human weakness is, after all, emotions. Those who use the emotions of others rule the world.
‘Be sad. Be angry. Scream that only you are right. That’s how you raise the plate. Of course, I’ll take all the stakes.’
Shiina, who was monitoring the situation in the infirmary, caught Fermi in her eyes.
‘It’s all your fault. He looks like a bad guy.’
I was angry, but I couldn’t criticize. Because Fermi’s philosophy is also not clumsy. Perhaps Fermi is even taking advantage of the situation Sirone is in.
Alpheas approached Shiina.
“I can’t help it now.”
“principal.”
“Looks like this is it. Accept the student council’s request.”
cried Amy.
“principal! No! And what about Sirone?”
“Amy, I’m sorry.”
“How can you do this! You know, the principal! That Sirone isn’t dead yet!”
“no. Actually, I don’t know.”
Shocked, Amy froze. Alpheas put his hand on her shoulder and said.
“Amy, no one knows Sirone’s condition. just believe in I also believe Sirone will return.”
“But why… … .”
“But look. Aren’t even the kids who don’t care anymore fighting? It doesn’t matter why this happened. I can’t let the disciples fight any longer.
The other students were as precious to Alpheas as Sirone. Such students were now spreading the spirit zone to kill each other. In this situation, serving only Sirone was a selfish act.
“I will go down and tell you. Inform Sirone’s parents and proceed with funeral arrangements. We will discuss the disciplinary matter later.”
Amy slumped and sat down in her chair. Seriel approached with tears in her eyes.
“Amy, what should I do? Sirone, sirone… … .”
Amy’s heart was no different. In the end, Sirone never returned. The moment Alpheas acknowledged it, it felt like Sirone had disappeared from her heart.
“Sirone… … .”
The atmosphere in front of the building was on the verge of exploding. Everyone had their spirit zones open, and anyone could use lethal magic if they made a decision.
Amira felt skeptical again. Is this really the right way? What kind of logic can precede alumni to aim at each other’s spirit zone and cast murderous magic?
She gnawed her lips and looked back and forth between Nade and Iruki. Nade was already ready for battle, but Iruki seemed to have room for conversation.
“You, do you achieve it? Servant ability.”
Iruki didn’t answer.
“Do I really have to do this? Your friend is too emotional. But you are no different.”
“I’m sorry, but I’m emotional right now.”
“lie. no, it doesn’t matter anyway do you know Do you really think your friend is alive? Is that your conclusion?”
“Hmm, conclusion. Then there is only one answer.”
Iruki, who lowered his eyes and was lost in thought, glared at Amira and said.
“Sirone is not dead.”
Nade looked back at Iruki with a surprised expression. Until he was in the infirmary, he didn’t know why he suddenly changed after claiming that Sirone was dead.
“Iruki, you… … .”
Iruki was still looking straight ahead. Amira’s disappointment increased. She was expected to be the most rational person in the school, but in the end, she was just a kid in the advanced class.
“If you really think so, then you must have logic to convince us?”
“of course.”
Amira blinked for a moment. She couldn’t believe it until she heard it.
“Then give me a reason. Why do you think Sirone is alive?”
“Because it’s 4 o’clock… … Shall I say that?”
Dang. Dang. Dang. Dang.
The bell rang in the clock tower.
The reason why he measured the time without looking at his watch was because he was a Servant. The method was simple. It is a matter of counting 1 second at a certain point in time.
Nade realized why Iruki’s talkativeness had decreased lately.
‘I was counting candles. But since when?’
Amira stared blankly at the clock tower. Then, realizing something in her, she turned her head.
“I get it now. you are just crazy What does time have to do with Sirone’s death?”
Iruki didn’t answer. He thought there might be some errors, but he was running much later than expected.
‘Four o’clock seven seconds. 8 seconds. 9 seconds. What are you doing?’
Amira finished thinking. His own judgment is right. Her attempts to converse with the emotional Nade and her originally crazed Iruki were in vain.
“We will take Sirone. Let’s see how far we can hold out against our senior year.”
Nade’s eyes were filled with murderous intent from the energy emitted by the best students in the magic school. Then I heard an unfamiliar but familiar voice.
“You guys are having fun. Why don’t you put me in too? This is my major.”
Everyone looked around. However, the identity of the voice was not visible. After a while, two men and women rose from the shadows cast over the building. It was Canis and Arin.
Sparks flew in Amira’s eyes.
“you! How dare you say where is this place! I will arrest you right now!”
“Anyway if you can. I have no intention of running away anyway.”
Canis responded with a snort and approached Iruki.
Iruki frowned as if annoyed.
“It’s too late.”
“You told me to come by 4?”
“It’s been 27 seconds.”
Kanis was upset, but she tried to calm herself down. In any case, the first thing to do was to end the Eun-Won relationship.
“Here you are, what you asked for.”
Iruki quickly accepted the documents Canis handed him and turned the pages. Only then did Nade, feeling curious, look at the documents and ask.
“Iruki, what is that?”
“The dragon’s report. I took a tissue sample from Sirone and sent it to you.”
“What? When? No, more than that, how can you come from the capital in five days?”
It was a distance that would take four days even by carriage. In addition, it took time to analyze the torpedoes, so the actual round-trip time was less than 48 hours.
“I asked Kanis. Basuka’s geography is also sharp.”
Canis gritted her teeth as she recalled the hardships of the past. It was a mortal journey, albeit punctual for her. During the day she rode in a carriage and at night she traveled to the Dark Fort. Her speed was faster at night, but it wasn’t once or twice that she lost consciousness due to exhausting her magical power to the limit.
“Anyway, I don’t owe Sirone anything with this.”
Canis didn’t feel particularly sorry for Sirone’s death. However, as a disciple, he felt a sense of responsibility for the sacrifice of Shirou by Arcane’s atrocities.
“Well, that’s none of my business. Anyway, I’ll tell Sirone that.”
As the situation turned strange, Amira became uneasy. Especially when it comes to dragons, it was the best organization in the kingdom, headed by Iruki’s father.
“What the hell is this trick? Do you think we will back down just because we are Mercodyns?”
If it was a Mercodyne, there was no choice but to feel intimidated. However, the families of the students gathered here were by no means lame. It was a battle of strength that was worth trying if we pushed through the numbers.
“Don’t worry about that. Because I wrote my name. If my name is written down, I don’t know what kind of prank the old man will play. Isn’t the more important thing what is written in the document here?”
“joy! Are you saying there are even magic phrases that can bring the dead back to life?”
Iruki closed the document and read it from the beginning.
“title. Opinion on immortal function and cessation of biological activity.”
Upon hearing the title, protesters flinched and shut their mouths. The people in the third-floor infirmary also pricked their ears at Iruki’s continued words.
“Analysis of a tissue cell sample from the subject. Non-mechanical apnea. No organism-specific modifications were found in samples taken after 24 hours of death. Data attached.”
Iruki moved on to the next chapter.
“Based on the above data, it can be seen that the subject’s biological activities have stopped, but it is unreasonable to extend that state to the cessation of function, that is, the absence of life.”
Iruki emphasized this part as if it were an important part.
“In dragon mine, there are three cases of cardiac arrest. First, a state in which the function of the heart has stopped. Second, a state in which the function of the heart temporarily stops. Third, a state in which the heart has not stopped but appears to have stopped phenomenally.”
Amira shouted with an absurd expression.
“What nonsense is that? I may not know the first case, but the rest makes no sense!”
Iruki turned to the next page as if he knew that.
“Explanation of usage. In a state where the function of the heart is stopped, the organism can be considered dead, but two new cases are likely to occur in the immortal function.”
In the quiet atmosphere, Iruki’s voice rose.
“Case 1. If mental expansion is being delayed by a particular event, it is possible that the body temporarily ceases to function until the conclusion of the mind is reached. Report attached.”
Iruki nodded in agreement and read the next chapter.
“Case 2. Even if mental expansion is over, there is a possibility that the observer’s time will change. In other words, life activity is normal, but it refers to a state in which the activity cannot be confirmed from the outside due to the barrier of time and space. Report attached.”
Iruki didn’t feel the need to read any further and flipped through the pages until he reached the end.
“Based on the above magical findings, the subject, who is currently lying in the infirmary… … .”
Yongleo’s opinion was put out in front of the demonstrators.
“Aryan Sirone can never be considered dead.”
All the protesters who had made so many noises remained silent. They also know because they are wizards. That there is no one who can refute the opinions analyzed by Yong-roe.
“Iruki. since when did you… … .”
Iruki looked back at Ned, who was making a blank expression, and smiled.
“how is it? A way to raise the dead that I have found.”
Nade pursed his lips shyly. There really was. way to bring the dead back to life. While everyone was sad and holding vain hopes, Iruki had been fighting alone.
“Now, check it yourself.”
Iruki gave Amira a written opinion. She took it silently and looked at the first page of her opinion. The dragon’s seal was clearly stamped.
Further struggle was futile. The kingdom’s best academic institutions are proving that teachers are right. Even if a complaint was filed, the court was likely to favor the school side.
“You have suffered a lot, Amira.”
Alpheas appeared at the entrance of the building.
“principal.”
—————————————

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-1050.txt
=============YYYYY=============
Fine-tune(2)
lunar surface.
Looking at the huge light burning on the ground, Shura put on a sad expression.
“Buddha…
The time I stayed with him to learn the secrets of the world was never wasted.
“You really are leaving.”
Whether it was Nane or Anke Ra, the shock wave that exploded from outside the ceiling would shake this world.
“You just have to wait. But why… …
Is my heart so empty?
“Buddha.”
Shura muttered with a sad expression.
“Have a nice trip.”
Neither time nor space.
Nane was just waiting for a new finite world after passing through the distant nothingness.
‘Secrets of the world.’
Where do we come from and where are we going?
‘It’s different from death.’
What Nane is attempting now is to transcend even the cycle of life and death and leave the world.
Neither the long tunnel nor the white space that many experienced right before their deaths were visible.
beyond the borderline of the beginning.
just… … .
Undefinable space.
Nane’s body slowly began to rise above the calm surface of a black lake.
There was no mass in the feeling of being submerged in water, and there was no difficulty in seeing even though there was no light.
At that moment, Nane realized the existence of me and focused her consciousness on achieving herself.
‘Let’s go… …
His voice leaked out.
“Outside the world of Gain? (*Author’s note: In reality, a reversal of thinking occurs, but for convenience, it is replaced with a reversal of characters.)
The first thought that comes to mind is that there is nothing particularly different from before leaving the photon field.
Nane, who stood upright as it was while lying on the surface of the water, stepped out lightly.
As soon as the will to stand was imbued, the surface of the water supported the body as firmly as a solid.
“Something fun to touch.”
Realizing that the height of her field of vision was different from before, Nane turned her head.
Something presumed to be himself was fluttering in the dark curtain without even light.
Grasshopper’s face.
His back was hunched wide, and the hook-like nails on his bony arms and legs caught his eye.
“Out of the silver world… …
Perhaps it was possible because it was me.
The moment he heard the sound coming out of his throat, he realized everything.
“Aaaaaaaki!”
The locust man carved into the darkness opened his hideous jaws and let out a scream.
behind the world.
Lethe, the president of the chemical company, led an army of six generals and arrived at Magritte’s castle.
Behind them, countless demons trembled with a sense of betrayal were shouting evil.
“Punish traitor Magritte!”
“The shame of the demons! You’re like a worm that sold itself to Yahweh! I have to kill myself!”
As all sorts of accusations rained down, the bodies of the generals rose to life.
‘What can I say?’
However, they also couldn’t bear to say that they did well in front of Lethe.
‘It’s just that we die together. I’m sorry, Grand Duke.’
Lette turned her head.
“Guide me.”
None of the generals moved, and Baeksa bit his lip embarrassingly.
‘Open the door? I’d rather die if I die.’
The role of paving the way for Lethe, who was planning to annihilate Magritte, was absolutely unacceptable.
“If you are still mistaken.”
Lethe turned around, burning in the flames of Hellfire.
“I have no choice but to die with an illusion.”
Just as the generals were preparing for extinction and closing their eyes, the executioner, Ithaca, stepped in.
“I will open it.”
Black hair like a shadow dragged the ground and spread around like ink.
Moonom’s one eye was full of strength.
“Ithaca.”
“I can’t help it. The Grand Duke has sinned. It is when our loyalty also helps hell.”
There was no way that Moonom, who had reached the 4th generation cataclysm, would not know.
‘Damn it. I’m proud to the end.’
As long as there was no way out, he was trying to take on all the responsibility and save his comrades at least.
“You are in tears, Ithaca.”
Normally, I would have smiled at their friendship, but now my cold eyes
was
“But in vain. If you destroy the Grand Duke, you will be punished as well.”
The demons in the back agreed.
“Right! The generals must also be killed! Traitors who destroyed the honor of the demons!”
As much as they hated Yahweh, the demons’ anger toward the generals reached its peak.
Ithaca said.
“I will obey your will.” Her hair fluttered like a torrent, and she climbed the gate.
Cuckoo Cuckoo!
The demons raised their fists as the scenery inside revealed itself with a grand sound.
“Let’s bring out the Archduke! the grand duke… … !”
At that moment, a voice rang out from the sky.
“The Grand Duke did nothing wrong.”
The demons looked up at the sky at the same time, but nothing in particular caught their eye.
“He loves hell more than anyone. That’s why he accepted my offer.”
Sirone was walking along the path where the crowd of demons had been forcibly opened.
Oris murmured.
“Yuppie?????
No, now it is Yahweh.
However, the afterimage of the young devil still remained in the cat’s large eyes.
On the other hand, Lian, ignorant of the circumstances outside, held the great sword connected by Gehenna’s chains.
“It is a sword that breaks the chain of karma. Do you mean that you can liberate the true voice with this?”
“It depends on how much karma you can handle. Of course I hope so… … The Grand Duke curtailed his words.
When the true voice is released and the psychic realm is opened, there will be a second invasion by the demons.
Ryan turned around.
“okay. Anyway, thank you.” It should have been just like that, but in the end Magritte asked.
“What about killing me?”
Ryan turned around.
“It’s embarrassing to say, but I know of many techniques that can conquer the human world. In other words, when the psychic realm is opened, the most dangerous enemy is me. You could kill me now.”
Lian examined the chain of Gehenna connected to <Idea> through the palm of his hand.
“I don’t judge.”
Of course, I know how pathetic and difficult it is.
“You helped Sirone. at least for now. If you interfere with Sirone in the future, I will cut you at that time.”
“Do you think there will be a second chance like this?”
Magritte’s heart was heavy.
“A chance to get rid of the brightest brains in hell. If you want to cut me down later, you will have to break through the hundreds of millions of soldiers first.”
“… … I still have to cut it.”
“What if you can’t ring? What if you can’t cut it after all and your lord dies?”
Ryan’s eyes darkened coldly.
“I can bell.”
The other options didn’t even exist in the first place, eyes only for cutting.
‘This guy is just a sword.’
Perhaps it was Magritte himself who made the mistake at this moment, not Lian or Sirone.
‘Whether it’s reality or hell, any philosophy, just slash it. Is it really the right thing to just let him go?’
Sirone’s sword was strong enough to make the proud grand duke think snobbishly.
“See you on the battlefield.”
Through a huge hole in the basement, Lian escaped to the outside of the castle.
The silence created by the appearance of Yahweh was brutally destroyed by the anger of the demons.
“Aaaaaa! Yahweh! Yahweh!” The eyes of the demons looking at the heinous enemy were so bloodshot that they were on the verge of bursting.
“Yahweh.”
Lethe stepped out.
“The shamelessness pierces the sky. You put on the mask of a demon you hated so much and acted, and now you are revealing your disgusting face in front of us.”
“Miss Magritte.”
Sirone had nothing to say.
“He didn’t betray the demons. He rather he made a deal with me for the hell. The results will tell who has the advantage, but he and I did our best.”
If Lethe annihilated Magritte, it would be easier for Sirone as well, but ‘you can’t be cowardly’.
You can’t call that a belief.
“Knock-knock! Crunchy!”
Lethe let out a roar of anger.
“It is always like that. see now You say it as if it’s for the demons, right? But in the end you will annihilate us. Isn’t that what you came here for?” “Why? answer me If you’re so confident, why did you insult our children even while disguised as demons? Do demons look so funny? You son of a bitch!”
“As for that… …
The time I spent as a yuppie was short, but the sympathy I had with the demons was sincere.
“I will apologize. It’s not that I looked down on you guys. As an excuse, it was to prevent a bigger fight.”
If Son Yu-jeong hadn’t invaded, it probably would have flowed quietly.
“Call it a horse!”
It was Oris, the stealth leader, not Lethe, who gave the tearful shout.
“How dare you… … !”
Oris, whose anger could not be relieved by words, spurred the cat’s paw and charged at Sirone.
‘Bad baby!’
How do you deal with this feeling of betrayal when you have a momentary crush on the person you hate the most?
Should I
‘kill!’
Oris’s sharp claws rushed to bite Sirone’s neck.
“damn!”
The moment she saw Sirone’s eyes, which had no will to fight back, her hand stopped.
“Why not avoid it? Are you saying that someone like me is good enough?”
“Sorry. i cheated on you I didn’t mean to hurt you, but in the end it’s my fault.”
The cat’s eyes lit up.
“lie. You knew I couldn’t kill you! Because that is the essence of Yahweh!”
Sirone spoke frankly.
“I wanted to leave it up to you. but… … What I knew was true.”
“okay. that’s you You pretend to love without prejudice, but in the end you just do as you please.”
“Then what shall we do?”
Sirone put on a sad expression.
“I can’t kill you, I can’t kill you. You can’t save everyone, you can’t save everyone.”
Nobody knows.
Because even Buddha, who was the only one who understood Yahweh, no longer remains in the world.
All deaths are solitary deaths.
‘Should I really stop?’
If it’s enough to give up, if it’s enough to fight, there’s no need to suffer.
“… … How do you believe?”
Oris’ life became loose.
“How am I supposed to believe that you said you didn’t want to hurt me when you were blatantly deceiving me?”
“You don’t have to trust me.”
Sirone shook her head.
“Because trusting someone means trusting your heart. You can do what you want to do.”
At that moment, Lethe shouted.
“Kill! Tear apart Yahweh, who scorns the demons with three tongues!”
Oris’ hands trembled at the sound of the demons screaming and running.
‘It’s a lie. The look in your eyes and the words you said were lies to escape the situation.’
In the time that passed as slowly as the speed of thought, the demons struck down their weapons.
‘Don’t be fooled again. I’m sure he’ll change his stance before he dies. will kill me Before that, I first… …
The weapons of hell rushed into Sirone’s back without even a chance to escape. Oris sobbed.
“Huh”
The impact was applied to the floor with a bang, and the demons hurried around.
“what? Where did you go?”
Lethe turned her head with cold eyes.
“Oris.”
Twenty meters away, holding Sirone in her arms, she was breathing heavily.

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-1051.txt
=============YYYYY=============
Fine-tune(3)
The shock the demons received the moment they confirmed that Oris was protecting Sirone was beyond imagination.
“Uh, how could you… …
Despite his hatred for Yahweh, General 7 was the most respected demon in the city.
Oris’s eyes were filled with fear, as if it was a choice that even he could not bear.
‘I hate Yahweh too. I really hate it.’
But yuppie.
Even if I deceived myself, I loved that lie so much that I could laugh with Yahweh.
” go.”
Oris pushed Syrone away.
“Go anywhere. I’d rather fight and die than die here.”
The demons screamed evil.
“What are you doing, Oris! Do you know what you are doing!”
There will be no room for her to refute the common sense, system, and rightness that sustain this world… … .
“I will believe you.”
There are laws that cannot be explained.
“There must be something wrong with you.”
Even if you try your best to do well, there are times when everything goes awry.
“So please… … Just go.” damn world.
A way to make everyone happy doesn’t even exist in the human world.
“Oris.”
Aren’t you ecstatic just imagining it?
The imagination was so beautiful and exhilarating that Sirone couldn’t give up.
“Sorry.”
A smile appeared on Oris’ lips, surprised for a moment.
And after a while, the light behind her lit up, and hellfire burned from her back.
“Huh!”
The fire spread in an instant and her body perished without even having time to do anything.
He heard Lethe’s voice.
“It’s a shame, my child.”
Without even looking at her, Sirone reached out to the place where Oris’ memory remained.
Nothing caught.
For the first time, the golden smoke began to rise from Sirone’s body as she stood up slowly.
“Lethe, do you really have to go this far?”
“What are you talking about? Oris is what you killed after all. Doing nothing helps us.”
Lethe is the manager. Therefore, unlike other demons, they do not hold any special hatred towards Yahweh.
That made me even more angry.
“Lethe.”
The moment Sirone clenched her teeth, the demons around her blocked her path.
“Krr. Yahweh, how far are you going to corrupt us? How far do you look down on us?”
“I don’t want to fight with you guys.” That must have been what Oris left to Shirone even when he was prepared for her extinction.
“joy! gibberish. you always say that And they will annihilate us again.”
“Move. I want to talk to Lethe.” Sirone’s voice was begging, but the demons felt rather ignored.
After exchanging glances with each other for a moment, they rushed without saying who was first.
“Kuaaa! Kill Yahweh!”
All movements were clearly visible to Si Lorne, who was wrapped in the Miracle Stream.
‘Is this again?’
The mind did not move easily.
‘How long… …
If you kill, kill, kill again, it becomes a world where there is no object to refute anymore.
‘Is that victory?’
Is it really the fulfillment of beliefs?
In Sirone’s clear eyes, the faces of the demons shuddering in anger came to mind.
“I’m dying… …
The moment the leading Demon tribe raised a large ax over 2 meters and swung its arms.
Aaaaaang!
The fireball that fell from the sky exploded and burned the surrounding demons.
“Kuaaaaa!”
As the demons whose limbs fell off in the shock wave screamed, Lethe frowned.
“… … is it you?”
A woman whose whole body was burning like a heated stone held red clubs in both hands.
Sirone tilted her head.
“Son Yu-jeong? Why are you?”
Burning to near-white light, she exclaimed, exposing the patient.
“You said to come! what are you doing now After memorizing Gingoju well, are you begging the demons?”
As Sirone slightly frowned, Son Yu-jeong, who came to her senses, shrugged.
“No, what… … Yes. In other words, my heart came out as it is, yes.”
“Haha! Mandible! Yoojung Son! I’m dying of heat!”
Richera’s face gasped in pain at the waist, but the heat could not be dampened.
‘That’s real.’
Lethe was the opponent who was strong enough for Son Yoo-jung to hold on to Yeoui without realizing it.
‘The hair ghost (Ithaca) next to me is also quite good, but this woman is on a different level.’
I wanted to stick around.
“Goes!”
As Son Yu-jeong showed her fangs and increased her firepower, Sirone spat out words.
“stop.”
Just the feeling of a long orphan gently strangling Son Yu-jeong raised her head in fright.
“Keugh!”
As the incarnation of the head weakened and the fire subsided, Richera exhaled.
“I have something to say to Lethe.”
“… … yes.”
When Son Yu-jeong withdrew without even the will to resist, Sirone approached Lete.
“Lethe.”
It was a desperate voice as if to soothe a child, but Lethe’s eyes did not waver at all.
“Don’t call me over and over again, and if you have something you want to say, say it. I’ll listen to you at least a word.”
“Let’s ask one thing.”
Sirone’s eyes were filled with strength, and the Miracle Stream that enveloped her body surged upside down as if ascending to heaven.
lightning
“Who am I?”
A pillar of light gradually increases its radius
Let’s start widening
The demons hesitantly retreated.
“Big!”
A completely different temperament from the Yahweh they imagined was overwhelming the entire city.
Ithaca raised her head vertically and looked up at the light that pierced the clouds of fire.
‘Was it this much?’
Like the other 7 generals, she gave up the idea of fighting Yahweh at this moment.
“Answer me.”
All the demons’ eyes were focused on one place, and Lethe just kept her mouth shut.
Depending on the answer, Laviette City would be purified in an instant.
“Ultimately threatened… …
“Lethe.”
Sirone stopped talking.
“You asked who I am.” As the flow of ascending light became more violent, the demons felt a burning pain.
“Big!”
Lethe was the only one who could hold on, and the answer finally came out.
“Yahweh.”
Knowing that this was not an accurate answer, she twisted the bridge of her nose and added.
“… … is.”
“Lethe-sama?”
Residents as well as the 7 generals opened their eyes wide to see him using honorifics for Yahweh.
But it was natural.
“Buddha is no more. The balance of the world has fallen and Hell is now in my hands. It means that no matter how much you guys try to corrupt me, there is nothing to shake anymore.”
Lette got it right.
“The top manager has disappeared, so you have to take care of it. What do you want from me?”
“Purification of the Demon Realm.”
“Impossible. Kill all my children?”
“At least get rid of the Legion Commander’s Pandemonium. Then I won’t be provoking the behind world either.”
Lethe’s mission was to maintain Hell’s system, so it wasn’t a bad suggestion.
‘It’s a problem because it’s not even a good suggestion.’
Disabling the Demon Realm is not only a complicated task, but also a weakening of Satan’s power.
However, if he accepted it here, Sirone’s anger would shake hell.
Then I heard a pig picking voice.
“Honey. president?”
Lethe turned her head wildly at the sound that made her tantrum just by hearing it.
Monoras, who looked like a beggar, stood with the deputy chief Boyd.
“You child… … !”
As soon as he saw sparks fly in Lethe’s eyes, Boyd hurriedly lowered his head.
“sorry! Even though I said it was urgent business, I reluctantly went to the gambling city… …
With that alone, the whole situation was pictured in my head.
“president!”
Monoras approached with an unfair expression.
“I got hit! damn! Those guys are all thugs! How can you break through a 2% chance and get that hand out when you bet all your possessions! Honey honey!”
As Lette stared at Monoras’ shameless figure, Boyd closed his eyes tightly.
“sorry! It should have ended there, but the chief secretary even staked a stake in the chemical company… …
Monoras continued, as if he had suddenly remembered.
“That’s right, my share! I lost all of my stock that I had accumulated through all sorts of corruption! Boss, please go and find me.”
“Monoras.”
Lethe approached slowly.
“yes. grunt.”
Lethe, who was staring at Monoras with a pale face, held out her hands. A palm touched his chest, and Lethe muttered, still dazed.
“I’ll find them all.”
“uh? really? grunt.”
“Then, I will find them all. I’m glad you came quickly. I’ll let you play to your heart’s content, so please do me one favor.”
“… … I don’t want to work.”
“I’ll let you enter the president’s office. You can come in anytime.”
“Hoo?”
Monoras’s eyes sparkled for the first time, but then they took on a sad expression.
“I won’t do it if it’s too troublesome.”
“Can you see Yahweh over there?”
Spinning from the waist, Monolas stared at Sirone, who was engulfed in light.
Lethe said.
“Kill.”
Monoras’ eyes narrowed after not saying anything for a long time, and the corners of his mouth went up.
“Ah, I’m glad.”
Before the first thump was over, Monolas charged Sirone.
Cuckoo Cuckoo Cuckoo!
The entire city shook, and Shirone, feeling frightened, retreated at breakneck speed.
“Because it’s easy.”
At that moment, Son Yu-jeong, engulfed in flames, blocked the way and distorted her face.
“Kiiiii!”
not for anyone
It was a battle monkey’s instinct that had been activated without even having time to think rationally.
‘How strong are you?’
Receiving a distant feeling, Sohn Yu-jeong’s woman’s clothes came in full bloom like petals.
“Cow!”
As Monoras struck his arm, the stone monkey’s incarnation cracked and cracked.
“??????uh?”
bang! bang! bang! bang!
When I briefly came back to my senses, I was flying like a ball for several kilometers.
‘Ymir?’
If you have to compare it, it’s like that.
After bouncing Son Yoo-jeong, Monolas caught up with Sirone’s speed and threw out his fist.
“Kuuuuuuu!”
The wind pressure was visible and the shape of a huge fist pushed through the space.
‘Hand of God!’
As the fists of light gathered in the sky received the wind pressure, a spherical shock wave was generated.
Aaaaaaaaaa!
As half of the city was blown away, the screams of the demons came in faintly.
“Great!”
At the same time as experiencing unity, Shirone also had the same thoughts as Son Yu-jeong.
‘This Mir.’
But as Yahweh, let’s dig a little deeper.
‘The demon of Ymir.’
Just like reality, there are unrevealed mysteries in the underworld.
‘One of the biggest issues. Countless demons searched for Ymir’s demon, but in the end they couldn’t find it.’
Lethe had a monopoly.
“In the boss’s office… … In the boss’s room… … Monolas gurgled her nostrils and muttered, then her jaw snapped.
“I’m going in!”
At first glance, his low-level and impulsive personality made Sirone questionable.
‘Is this Ymir’s feelings?’ Giants cannot reproduce.
‘ no way?’
The moment Sirone realized it and opened his eyes wide, a second blow was struck.
Aaaaaaaang!
A force ten times more powerful than the first shock wave swept across the vast field of hell.
One eyelid of Monolas went up.
“Hoo?”
The reason I was surprised was because I didn’t know if there were things that I couldn’t break with my fist.
“Sirone, are you okay?” Lian, who was blocking the way before he knew it, was blocking Monolas’ fist with his sword.

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-1052.txt
=============YYYYY=============
Fine-tune(4)
Sirone looked at Lian’s broad back.
“Lian?”
Her back, as broad as a shield, was a relief, as always, but her temperament was different.
His will, which seemed like a volcanic eruption, was now densely compressed.
“Sirone, I will take care of it.”
If it’s Lian, there’s no room for muttering, but one thing needs to be clarified.
“be careful. This guy has Ymir’s horse.”
“Ymir?”
Rian wants to eliminate all potential dangers that could reach Sirone.
In that respect, Ymir was a mountain he had to overcome and his greatest rival.
“… … honey.”
Lian, who exchanged glances with Monolas with the large straight sword between them, frowned.
“I can’t believe that.”
It was clear that he was strong, but his temperament was too low to be called Ymir.
all.
“It’s a complicated matter. maybe.”
If Sirone put off explaining, Rian didn’t have the intention of digging too deep.
“okay. Leave this to me.”
Lian also knew that subduing the president of the chemical company was an urgent task.
“Please.”
As Sirone flew towards the city, Monoras twisted and took a position to follow.
“You can’t miss it.”
“hey.”
Ryan called.
“Your opponent is me. I know it’s because the moment you show your back, your torso will split in two.”
Normally, it was a monolas that wouldn’t even snort, but this time it couldn’t move.
Lian’s muscles grotesquely twisted and took the form of a gentle yaksha.
“quite??????!”
Before he could even finish his words, Lian’s fist was thrust directly into Monolas’ chin.
The pig’s face seemed to be crushed, but it flew hundreds of meters ahead and landed on the ground.
Aaaaaang!
As Rian pulled out his great sword and leaned forward, Monolas cut through the smoke and jumped out.
“Kuul!”
Woo woo woo!
The moment the fist and the big sword collided again, a flash of light exploded and a shockwave raged.
While both sides were shocked by the unimaginable resistance, Monolas tore his mouth open.
“It’s been a while since I’ve been working hard.”
Why is pain so pleasurable?
“Quaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!”
When the fist that was stretched out with determination hit the big sword, the shock was transmitted along the handle.
“Keugh!”
Lian’s skin was torn to pieces, and Monolas’ fists cracked open.
‘Doesn’t it break even after this?’
<Idea> is not destroyed.
“Whoa.”
Lian slowly backed away and let go of the straight sword as it fell to the floor with a ding.
While looking at the straight sword, Monoras looked at the chain connected to the palm of his hand.
“What is that? honey.”
Gehenna.
“It is a fire that consumes everything.” Lian, who had heated the sword red-hot, pulled the chain and held it in his hand, aiming at it.
“Your horse… … I will take it.” If it was really Ymir’s demon, it was unknown even to Lian if he could completely purify it.
“Mmm.”
Even Monoras, who had no interest in the Hell system, was aware of the Chains of Gehenna.
“haha. Kuck.”
Monoras’ muscles sprang up, and for the first time, life flashed in his eyes.
It was the energy of Ymir that was infallible.
” eat.”
Leading with an energy greater than Mount Tai, Monoras pushed out his upper body and charged.
‘It just swallows them all.’
Lette, who entrusted Syrone to Monolas, arrived at Magritte’s underground laboratory.
“president! Please be lenient!”
The generals all fell on their knees and pleaded, but Lethe’s response was cold.
“Magritte, you have let me down.” Trapped against the wall of the laboratory, Magritte was severely injured by the inferno.
“I will not make excuses. But it was done for Satan. Don’t you know?”
“Satan?”
Lethe laughed.
“Even Satan is nothing more than a creature born in the hell system. It’s not a world you guys made to spin as you please. The rules of the chemical company are strict.”
Magritte nodded.
“okay. now i get it From the beginning… … No matter how this world works, it must have had nothing to do with you.”
“What do you want to say?”
“I just want to ask you one question. Since there is a bond that has been together for 500 million years, he will answer you. No, even that time is but a moment to you?”
It was not a question to be asked before death, so the generals put on a puzzled expression.
“Duke, what is that… …
Magritte asked as if blocking out the noise.
“Who are you?” “Why do managers exist? Didn’t it really matter what happened in this world? Whether Satan wins or Yahweh wins, whoever wins… …
Magritte’s gaze penetrated Lethe.
“As long as this world can be maintained, you guys are not good at all.”
“You have lived too long, Magritte.” Lethe made a sad face.
“What does that matter? You guys are just my children. None of this would have happened if you hadn’t betrayed me.”
“betrayal? What betrayal?”
Magritte frowned.
“You already know my intention to help Satan. So that’s not it. What scares me the most is… …
The manager’s mission.
“Integration of systems. When the systems you separate and manage are integrated, we can go out to the outside world. Wasn’t that why you were trying to stop the collusion between me and Yahweh?”
“Are you talking about that again? Anyway, you guys, Lethe, were crying.
“I really don’t know. Whether or not there is an outside world, or what kind of place it is, even if you are a manager, you can’t tell. My authority extends only to this world.”
“i think so too. So this is just my stubbornness. Because delusion is possible. Even if you really don’t know about the outside world… …
Magritte looked up.
“You know the truth?”
Emotions disappeared from Lethe’s eyes, and a chill that could not exist in hell rose up.
“Rest.”
As the flames of purification burned Magritte’s body, the generals charged at once.
“grandee!”
But before they even got close, their bodies started to catch fire in hell.
“Miss Lethe! Mother of Hell! Please consider our loyalty!”
I am not afraid of extinction.
What is truly frightening is the fate of having to disappear before the truth.
‘We… …
Is the truth inaccessible?
Even in the midst of the generals disappearing, Magritte was desperately blocking the purification.
“Yes, you were an excellent kid.”
Royal lineage.
“It’s not like I was given the ability to do that. Isn’t that right, Archduke Magritte?”
As life dwells in Lethe’s eyes, the flame of purification burns dozens of times larger.
“Aaaaaaa!”
The moment the Archduke screamed, the Hand of God flew in and snatched him up.
‘The skill of the hand.’
The ability to deceive even Lethe’s cognition extinguished the purification fire and moved Magritte to a safe place.
“Lethe.”
Where she turned, Sirone stood.
“Lord Yahweh… …
I don’t know how far I heard it, but Shirone’s expression said it all.
“It is foolish to the end. Would annihilating Magritte help humanity?”
Magritte, whose whole body had been burned like charcoal, spat out harsh words as he leaned against the wall.
“Yahweh, kill Lethe. As long as that woman exists, we can never be united.”
“I will do this.”
Lethe took a step.
“I will disarm the Demon Realm. Also, demons will not disturb the human world.”
“Are you going to release it?”
Sirone bit her molars.
“Do you know how many humans have died? Do you even know how broken this world is to hear that simple word from you?”
“I just live like that.”
Sirone’s eyes widened, but she remained calm.
“Why are you so obsessed with the truth? If you go deep, you will not know anything. It is the essence of this world that it gradually becomes clearer, but in the end it becomes neither one nor the other.”
Humans cannot be perfectly defined.
“Love, for example. The level of understanding you feel the moment you hear that word is the human world. Well, even physical communion would be defined. Dig deeper into the chemistry of the brain. But chemistry is the action of molecules, molecules into atoms, atoms into quanta, and quanta… …
After stopping her explanation there, Lethe opened her arms.
“Where is the love in it? Look, you don’t know. If you dig into it, it will break. So you can just live in this world without thinking.”
It was such a cold world.
“Tell me one thing.” Sirone asked.
“What is the terrible truth? What is the truth that you were trying to confirm with your own eyes?”
“He will come back.” Lethe seemed to be performing advanced calculations.
“But then everything will be over. Your beliefs will also be in vain. Do you really want that?”
said the Archduke.
“It’s no use. No matter what you say, her heart won’t change. Because she has no heart.”
Having reached the same conclusion, Sirone approached while spreading the Miracle Stream.
“Then you have no choice but to input the signal yourself. We’ll see what output comes out.”
Lette groaned.
“Monoras.”
When there was no reaction, her pupils began to shake rapidly.
‘Why isn’t he coming?’
The moment Sirone rushed in like a flash, Lethe gave up the calculation and shouted loudly.
“Void!”
Black smoke billowed in front of her, and Deputy Chief Boyd blocked the way.
At the same time, Sirone was lifted up, and the Miracle Stream began to be sucked into the void.
“It’s no use.”
Darkness was spinning in Boyd’s eyes.
“I am the blank of the universe.”
If the universe is too full to store information, no new concepts can be created.
Time will not pass.
‘Entropy manager.’
Sirone pushed the hexa with all his might, but it felt empty to the point of futility.
“No matter how hard you try, you can’t get out of the vacuum. Stop giving up.”
“Is it really so?” Ultimate of mind – agape. Boyd’s face crumpled as the Miracle Stream burned with a brilliant radiance.
“The human mind transcends the universe.” The moment when a piece of information becomes so large that it can no longer be stored and its capacity is full.
“Big!”
The black pupil opened and cracked, and white light began to leak out.
‘It’s just information. deal with it It’s the only thing the universe can’t contain by simply squeezing it as much as possible.
“Damn it.”
As the huge void was filled with light, it became unable to process even a single signal.
“We will go all the way.”
At that point the world stops.
“Oohhh!”
Cracks formed in Boyd’s body, and thousands of beams of light leaked out, dismantling the signal.
“Whoa.”
Sirone took a deep breath and looked around, but Lethe was nowhere to be seen.
“… … stomach.”
The dying Archduke pointed his index finger at the ceiling and saw her, who had not yet gone far.
Sirone guessed the reason.
“Lian.”
She, who tried to get away from Yahweh as much as possible, was forced to stay in the air.
“… … no. It’s impossible.”
It was because he witnessed the evaporation of the earth being purified to the end of the horizon.
“Quaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!”
Monolas, who had a great sword stuck in his chest, screamed as he grabbed the blade.
‘It’s probably not a level that humans can handle.’
Then what is that?
Lethe’s gaze moved along the chain and searched for the ignition point of the huge flame.
‘idea.’
One yaksa was enduring the hellfire, spewing white smoke from its mouth.

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-1053.txt
=============YYYYY=============
free electrons(1)
Rihanna in the fire.
‘Damn it.’
Purifying Ymir’s demons was on a different level from his previous emotions.
‘Is this Ymir?’
It was dissatisfaction without limits.
As if you haven’t breathed for over 100 million years, as if you haven’t excreted for over 1 billion years.
‘No creature can stand something like this.’
But in the cosmic contradiction he was born to endure, what will Ymir think?
“Kuaaa! i will eat it! I will eat them all!”
Monoras yearned endlessly.
The more he did, the bigger the flames of Gehenna became, and the land that turned into lava rolled over like the sea.
‘The height of emotion.’
The reason why Sirone couldn’t take action coincided with the reason Lethe was watching.
‘We’re pushing each other beyond our limits. Not providing a variable helps.’
Lian’s body began to melt as the chains of Gehenna crossed the limits of purification.
“Big!”
Blood ran up in Monoras’ eyes as he saw the burning flesh dripping down.
“I, I… …
The land of lava shook as much as a mountain.
“I will eat!”
A cold smile appeared on Lethe’s lips as Lian’s body evaporated with a thud.
“No one can stop Ymir’s demon. It would be the same in real life… …
She turned to Sirone.
“I feel sorry for you. Your efforts and the Archduke’s efforts were in vain. Just give up.”
Extinction in the underworld literally meant nothingness of existence.
“Can not help it.”
While Lethe’s eyes narrowed, Sirone continued.
“… … feel that When that happens, when those results have already come out.”
The lava rocked unnaturally, and the entire land began to swell up.
“But Lian is different. If you want to do that, you must do it. If Ymir’s power comes from contradiction, then Rian’s conviction must also be contradictory.”
Lian’s sword is a sword that denies everything.
“Also, denying everything means transcending the world and accomplishing it.”
You could say this.
“Divine Transcendence
Lethe turned her head as the lava that had been slowly swelling soared rapidly to the end of the sky.
There was shock in her eyes.
“That… …
It was probably Rihanna, so large that it could be seen even beyond the hellish horizon.
“Gaaaaa!”
There was no vocal cords in the lava in the form of a yaksha, but the world was shaken only by the common vacuum.
At that moment, Lethe realized.
“Monoras! Run away!”
But perhaps it was already too late, Monolas was suffering with his whites exposed.
“I will eat! I… … I… …
It flashed and the world was engulfed in light, and all matter within visual range evaporated.
Lethe, who was contorting with her face covered, opened her eyes as soon as the heat dissipated.
A huge pit with no end was formed as dark as outer space.
‘Everything has been purified.’
The land, Laviette, and the countless cities around it became nothing.
Sirone went into the pit. “Lian!”
As we descended several tens of kilometers, we heard the sound of tens of thousands of people screaming at the same time.
‘Dark Resonance. It’s a big deal.’
The abyss was created because Lian cleansed the whole land.
‘The sense of excitement is fading.’
Time does not pass in the abyss.
This is the same reason that time disappears when all matter in outer space is removed.
“Lian!”
Sensing that all 11 senses were paralyzed, Sirone exploded the light of Agape.
If you go deeper here, you will not even sense your own existence.
‘Where are you? where are you?’
A light as sharp as a blade broke through the darkness, but nothing was caught.
‘damn!’
It was no longer a space.
“Hey, hey. are you okay?”
In the darkness of the abyss, Son Yu-jeong groped for Lian’s body as if she had fallen dead.
Richera’s voice was heard from the waist.
“Quick get out of here. It’s a strange place. I think I will go crazy if I stay like this.”
Son Yoo-jung felt the same way.
‘Abyss.’
Powerful mother nature that swallowed countless yōkai.
“Son Yoo-jung.”
Hurrying to her senses, Son Yu-jeong focused her attention on the hand that was touching Rian.
‘I can’t be careless. The slightest distraction will make you lose your senses.’
To be honest, even now, he doubted whether the thing he was touching was real.
“Ah, it’s warm. Yoojung Son. The sea is so beautiful. My mother fell into the water… …
“shut up. Don’t be crazy.”
Son Yoo-jung shook Lian.
“Hey, hey! Come to your senses!”
“Puhihihi! So you idiot, you idiot, why are you rushing in to save this guy? You should have run away.”
I wanted to hit Richera on the head, but I couldn’t tell where my hand was.
‘Do you think I saved someone because I wanted to?’
If he could only act once while injured, he had to capture Lian.
‘In the abyss you lose yourself. The only one who can escape this place is this guy.’
Ideas would be the only criterion.
“hey! wake up! Get up and see!” I’m in a hurry, so I’ll do anything, but it’s probably hard to get my consciousness back
it was
‘I’ve never heard of a human being able to make something like this. This guy, where is the limit?’
Now I had no choice but to gamble.
‘hair. my hair.’
In a final effort of concentration, she plucked her hair and caused a string effect.
“Huh”
A faint light seemed to illuminate the surroundings, but darkness soon swallowed up my hair.
she screamed.
‘no! Wake!’
However, it was only a matter of consciousness, and the voice did not actually leak out.
‘ah! iced coffee!’
No matter how much I shouted, my senses did not return, and even my consciousness was plunged into darkness.
…….
The moment even the ego disappeared, a drop of light from the string fell down.
“huh?”
Feeling the refreshing energy wash over his mind, Lian slowly opened his eyes.
‘What is this again?’
Nothing was visible, and the fact that it was different from the darkness people commonly imagined was quickly discovered.
‘I can’t feel anything.’
When he stretched out his hand, Gehenna’s chains were sucked in and <Idea> was caught.
“Sirone.”
Lian, who was lost in thought with her head raised, gently raised the corner of her mouth.
“It got stronger.” Ymir’s demon absorbed by him energized his whole body as if it were about to explode.
“idea.”
The big sword is stuck in the dark.
“Divine transcendence.”
One coordinate that Lian pushed through redefined the nothingness of the abyss as a space.
“Lian!”
The light of Agape rushed in wildly, illuminating Lian’s surroundings brightly.
While Sirone met Lian’s eyes and smiled, Son Yu-jeong, whose joints all over her body were distorted, could be seen.
“anyway… …
In any case, it was admirable that they tried to save Lian, and the Hand of God captured them.
“let’s go.”
When he cast space movement in that state, a flash of light instantly pierced the abyss.
“Whoa.”
Directly beneath the cloud of fire, Lian inspected the great pit he had created.
“That’s amazing.”
Sirone nodded.
“huh. But this is only part of Hell. It will be much more difficult to purify the voice.” Rian grabbed the big sword and looked around.
“What about Lethe?”
“I left. see you again soon I’ll be waiting for you where the voice is.”
It was regrettable that a decision could not be made immediately, but Lian decided to bury it in the darkness of the abyss.
‘Magritte.’
It would have been nice to have a drink.
‘May you rest in peace.’
Stang National School of Magic. When I wake up in the morning, make coffee, and go to work, the students are training fiercely.
“hello.”
The teachers greeted Sirone.
“yes. Good morning.”
For wizards, Oh Dae-seong was an object of longing for the ivory tower, but he had a special feeling among them.
During World War II, most of the veteran teachers were recruited, so the teachers’ age was roughly the same as Sirone’s.
“Thank you so much for helping me with the advanced class make-up yesterday. You have no idea how moved the students were.”
“no. It’s definitely something you have to do.” The Magic Ten Members Association and even Amy come forward to teach the students, but the core is still Shirone.
Amy noticed that the female teachers’ gaze was changing day by day.
Amy, who had been watching Sirone chat, sighed, but heard a familiar voice.
“Oh Dae-sung is doing too much.”
Lampa, who had returned after receiving a special order from Sirone to check the situation in each country, was standing behind her.
“Mr. Lampa.”
“I don’t know much about dating, but it would be better to draw a line on that kind of thing.”
“It’s because I have a personality that can’t say things I don’t like.”
He didn’t show it, but he couldn’t help but feel a little relieved after hearing Rampa’s words.
‘No matter how busy he is at work, how come he never visits me in the middle of the night?’
However, it is not possible to find it out of shape first.
“Amy. Mr. Lampa.”
Sirone said goodbye to the teachers and approached, but Amy’s reaction was unexpectedly cold.
“red.”
Just as Sirone blinked, a wizard ran out of the training ground.
“brother!”
Amy was more embarrassed by the hug, but it was too shabby to feel jealous of a seven-year-old child.
“What is your training today?”
Sirone looked at Amy’s expression once more and greeted the Wizard with a smile.
“Today we are going to do a little special training.”
At the word special, Amy gently turned her head and showed interest.
“The Force, have you heard of it?”
“Force? no.”
It was basic for students who went through regular courses at magic schools, but wizards were unfamiliar.
As Sirone walked to the center of the training ground, teachers and students stopped training and gathered.
Receiving direct guidance was very helpful, but every moment of Sirone and Wizard’s training was history.
“Forthran.”
Sirone raised her index finger and said.
“Tell me about colliding an existing idea with another idea. You could call it a mind-changing skill.”
“Hmm.”
The Wizard nodded, but the voice was a nuance he didn’t quite understand.
“To put it simply… … Yes, if today is test day, I had a big fight with my parents in the morning. Then that person won’t be able to concentrate on the test because of what happened in the morning. yes?”
“Hmm.”
Sirone gave another example.
“A loved one has died. I was walking in sorrow when suddenly a carriage came running. At that moment, the brain forgets the person you love and runs fast to respond to the carriage.”
“aha.”
“Force is to use it artificially. As far as magic goes, it replaces the batteries in an instant.”
Wizard understood.
“It is a very cool technology. It’s also cruel. You have to forget the person you love.”
“Haha, yes.”
Sirone suddenly became serious.
“If you don’t, you will die.”
“… … yes.”
“The basic is cross force. Keep crashing the batteries along the crossroads. In this way.”
A curtain of light spread over Sirone’s head, and a cross over 10 meters in length was drawn.
“It would be faster to see it than to say it. This arcane magic will show my force in real time.”
Wizard swallowed and nodded.
“?????Force.”
The moment Sirone spit out, numerous marbles symbolizing each magic filled the cross.
Kaka Kaka Kaka Kaka!
The marbles bounced off at great speed, and the effect flashed over the heads of people around them.
“Speech, nonsense.”
When Oh Dae-seong’s buff magic came in,
Not only the students but also the teachers looked at their bodies.

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-1054.txt
=============YYYYY=============
Free Electrons (2)
The students felt the effect of clearing their minds as if they had taken an elixir.
‘I’ve exceeded my limits.’
Her body trembled with a sense of exhilaration she had never experienced with any buff magic.
Lampa said.
“You are certainly considerate, Oh Dae-seong.”
Sirone’s buff is dangerous.
This is because it is so excellent that it can even change the mind of the target that received the buff.
said Amy.
“I don’t use buffs that increase power. It is an excellent judgment from an educational point of view.”
After the demonstration and the effect of the buff disappeared, the teachers and students blinked.
It felt like waking up from a dream.
“ah??????
The world seen in a state where the sense of refreshment had disappeared was somehow unnatural.
Sirone explained.
“This is a buff that increases the density of the Spirit Zone. If you recall the feelings from a moment ago, good results will come.”
How many times do you have to train yourself to be able to taste the state of a moment ago again?
Even so, it was a great privilege to be able to experience a certain state for a while.
Unlike the excited students, Wizard had a serious expression on his face and was lost in thought.
“How about it, can you do it?”
“yes.”
The answer came immediately.
“But why should I learn this?”
At the question, perhaps for the first time, students and teachers turned to her.
“Brother, no teacher.”
During education, the title of older brother was forbidden.
“I know that time is running out. What you want is for me to grow to the point where I can kill Habits.”
It was to block the wavering of emotions, but this time there was a sense of crossing the line.
“Wizard.”
“sorry. I want to convey it properly. but… … It’s true anyway.” “I want to focus on mission success rather than survival issues. I know that he is not a weak enough opponent to kill while taking care of his life.”
Sirone did not waver.
“If you really think so, solve my assignment as soon as possible. That’s the fastest way.”
The eyes of the two collided for a moment.
“great.”
The Wizard let out a sigh and used his arcane magic to draw a cross like the one Sirone had seen.
“Force.”
Effects exploded over the heads of the people around.
The effect of the buff was amazing, but the speed at which it collided with the accident was about to exceed that of Sirone.
“oh my god… …
It seemed that the wizard’s heart was visible, wanting to be fully acknowledged as a wizard.
‘Applied here.’
As numerous oblique lines were created at the center of the cross, the form of thought began to form a sphere.
The eyes of the ten magicians shook in shock.
“That… … It’s three-dimensional, right?”
“Surely amazing.”
Rampa couldn’t help but admit it.
“Three-dimensional thinking is probably an effect of maternal awakening, but applying it to the Force is a completely different matter.”
That’s why I was more curious about Sirone’s reaction.
‘It’s a war of nerves between the priests… …
Those who felt the same thought remained silent even after the Force demonstration was over.
“ha. ha.”
The Wizard was breathing heavily, but he didn’t take his eyes off Sirone.
“Are you done now?”
“You have excellent skills. Very well done.”
“Now then, teach me how to fight. Running away from satan
How to fight Nira.”
“I thought so from the beginning.”
While the wizard made an expression that he did not understand, Sirone cast an arcane magic.
“what?… “?”
Sirone, who had built the same three-dimensional thinking as the wizard, opened her mouth in that state.
“The reason I taught utilities was, of course, to increase my chances of survival. but… …
Wizard’s face froze.
“I can say this is what I really want to show you.”
Teachers who hadn’t noticed it because it was such a fast force suddenly realized it.
“uh? uh?”
The buffs that had to collide in turn were changing the order at will.
“The fourth dimension… …
Wizard murmured.
“okay. When cells transcend space and change their order, it means that they transcend time.”
It was the height of the sense of excitement.
“Siok is always by Havitz’s side. If you can destroy the time barrier, the mission success rate will rise dramatically. The reason I chose the utility series is also because this method is the best for training a sense of urgency.” Finally, I realized the deep meaning of Sirone.
It was a wizard, but honestly, I couldn’t guarantee it.
“I don’t know. Can I?” Opening up new senses is a talent
belonged to the domain of the species, not the realm of the
“It may fail. So it’s a gamble, but I think it’s well worth the time investment.”
To the Wizard, who absorbs teachings like a sponge, an hour was like gold.
‘But I can’t let Shi-ok go unnoticed. It is a matter that must be addressed.’
The wizard, who was thinking seriously, raised his head.
“How long can I do it?”
≪ o Huh
Sirone looked at the sky and said.
“Give me a day.”
“yes?”
The blinded Wizard was crying, but Sirone was impregnable at times like this.
“Until tomorrow morning. If you find a way, come to me.”
Wizard, who was rolling his eyes left and right, suddenly asked.
“Can I use any method?” Sirone nodded her head and she walked out of her training ground without looking back.
After the Wizard’s training was over, Sirone walked over to Amy.
“did you sleep well? Did your hair grow a lot?”
“ah.”
Raising her gaze, Amy ran her fingers through her invisible short hair.
She wasn’t black-haired, but compared to the other female teachers, she was still unattractive.
“I was so busy I didn’t even have time to care. Shall we go out for lunch later?”
Amy shook her head.
“no. Maybe the Wizard will change. I’d rather just be at school today.”
She was still considerate of Sirone, but her emotions were more restrained than usual.
“Then, even in the school cafeteria… …
“okay.”
Amy turned around hastily.
“see you then.”
He hated the contradictory feelings of being saddened by his rejection, and even more hated having those feelings exposed.
Lampa approached behind Sirone.
“Ms. Amy seems to have a lot on her mind. Oh Dae-sung never stops flirting with him.”
“It is not so. I never thought of that… …
“Chuck! What are you going to do by explaining to me? Everyone wants to look their best in front of Jung In. Could it be that short hair bothered you?”
“Please. How proud I am of Amy’s short hair. It’s the price you pay for saving humanity.”
“… … Maybe that’s the problem? After all, a woman’s heart is something that even Buddhas do not know.”
Sirone was not without a corner to be stabbed.
“Actually, I haven’t met Amy separately since I came here.”
“Do you doubt your own heart?”
“no. Rather the opposite. Every time I see Amy, her heart races. but… …
I thought that once I threw my heart into her, the problems of the world and mankind would become insignificant.
“Well, it’s a bit strange to have things in your hands over someone you love. You’ll do just fine, but don’t abuse your own heart too much. Just because you can control your mind doesn’t mean the pain will go away
yo. this.”
Looking at Amy’s back as she walked away, Sirone pondered Rampa’s words.
That night.
Sirone, Iruki, and Nade wiped out the remnants of demons in a remote village.
“Oh, Lord Yahweh.”
After leaving the pilgrimage, the name of Yahweh spread rapidly through people’s mouths.
As with rumors, the incident was bound to be exaggerated and glorified, but at least Sirone’s sincerity was conveyed.
“A ray of light that has come down to this turbid world, please save us.”
Even though they didn’t say anything in particular, the fact that they knew it first made a deep impression on Sirone and the others.
‘The rate of spread is accelerating.’
This is because only one person speaks, but the number of ears that hear cannot be counted.
Nade raised his voice.
“The beginning is small, but the end will be great. Wouldn’t this be a joke in the city?” The creation of the center of humanity was the core of the Ultima Project, but Sirone was wary of being careless.
“I can’t relax. The Pope’s backlash won’t be easy. It’s late today, so let’s stay here and move on to the next place at dawn.”
Perhaps it was true that she was in a good mood, but Sirone ordered a drink different from other times.
Nade got drunk.
“Haha, it feels good to drink after a long time. I’m in a good mood, so I miss my Liz. Isn’t that right, Iruki?”
It was a trip because he wanted to, but from the lover’s point of view, it was like a life separation.
“Why am I your girlfriend?”
“You fool, Dorothy. Jjasik, pretending to be cold while feeling good about yourself.”
Iruki turned around.
“By the way, how is Amy? Are you distracted by wizard training these days?”
Nade suddenly realized.
“Oh, is that so? Aren’t you alone? It’s good to know what the two of you are doing right now. I’ll beat you up if you say nonsense like incidents outside of your cognition don’t exist.”
Sirone laughed.
“Yeah, fine. Training is also going smoothly.”
Unexpectedly, Nade put down his beer mug and spoke seriously.
“By the way, don’t you think we should clarify at this point? why do you have that Want to enter a dungeon and find treasure? Or dig a hole… …
Iruki looked at him pathetically.
“Why are you curious about that?”
“I am not curious! Of course there can be no secrets between us. how about you?”
“What am I?”
When Iruki replied blandly, Nade turned to Sirone who was sitting across from him.
“huh? what, what?”
Realizing the reaction of avoiding his gaze, Nade opened his mouth with an absurd expression.
“Could you… …
Is there no lingering attachment to the world?
“No, apart from you, what the hell is Amy doing? Did you guys fight again?”
Even Iruki was surprised.
“Haha, not like that. Actually, something like this happened. Besides, my schedule is so busy… …
“What is the matter?” Nade jumped up from her seat and approached Sirone, pulling her by the ear.
“Ouch! what are you doing?”
Nade’s voice hit my eardrums.
“Hey Sirone! Listen to me from now on! If you just follow your instincts and trust this innocent person here, you will die of old age as a widower for the rest of your life!”
“Where is the body?”
Sirone shook Nade and caressed her ear.
“Do you know what communication equipment this is? All countries are the same. And it’s not meant to be communicated this way.”
but.
“Ha, without knowing the speed of others.”
Nade’s voice was accurately transmitted to Sirone in Stang Kingdom, hundreds of kilometers away.
‘I know that no one is a person.’ it’s instinct
‘Well, it could have been cold.’
Lampa and her friends were more worried about Amy who had waited so far than herself.
“good! I’ll try bumping into it.”
Not knowing what was good, Shirone left the inn in a half-excited mood.
The light was on in Amy’s room.

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-1055.txt
=============YYYYY=============
free electrons (3)
Brushing her teeth in front of the mirror, Amy lifted her short hair.
It’s not that I don’t like it.
She was a soldier, and she knew how useless ostentation was in battle.
But when she gets out of the battlefield and returns to her daily life, isn’t she a woman too?
” Ugh.”
As I was leaving after washing my face, I heard a knock.
“Amy, are you in your room?” Sirone’s voice.
The thing I had imagined countless times happened, but when it came to reality, I was terrified.
“wait for a sec.”
After wiping her face with a towel, she opened the door and saw Sirone smiling awkwardly.
“What’s up, at this hour?”
“Uh, that… …
Amy sighed.
“come in.”
After looking around the hallway for a moment, Amy shut the door and locked it.
clap.
With the sound louder than the thunder, Amy spoke first.
“Did you come because what happened this morning was still in your mind?”
“That’s it, Amy… …
“are you okay. It’s true that I was disappointed, but now I’ve come to a good conclusion. I was too sensitive.”
I really thought it was a strong heart.
‘That’s why I like it.’
Amy smiled and turned around.
“Thank you for telling me. I thought you didn’t know at all, but were you still paying attention?”
“Haha, of course not.”
The misunderstanding in the morning was resolved, but Sirone, who had already made up his mind, did not leave.
“then… … Can I just go now?”
“No, since you’ve already come, why don’t you give me some tea?”
“Would you like to sit here for a minute?”
When Sirone said, tapping the seat next to the bed, Amy finally realized too.
“Why all of a sudden… …
Silenced, she put her buttocks on the bed, and Sirone leaned over.
“for a moment!”
Sirone froze as if time really stopped.
“Why why?”
Amy got out of bed, turned off the lights, and returned to Sirone’s side.
Sirone’s time, when she didn’t move a fingertip until she came back, passed again.
“Amy… …
Around the time when you hear rustling in the dark and each other’s breathing becomes rough.
“Oh Dae-sung!”
Someone slammed the door.
At the same time, the two raised their upper bodies and rolled over, and Sirone got out of bed.
“who are you?”
When I turned on the lights and looked behind me, Amy was fixing her clothes under the futon.
“Oh Dae-sung! Are you inside?”
It was the voice of Nikolai, the headmaster.
If he had really come to see Sirone, it would have been a serious disrespect, but he didn’t even have time to think about it.
“wait a minute.”
When I opened the door, Nikolai, with a pale face, was standing there in a cold sweat.
“What are you doing?”
“sorry. A guest came… … Well, you weren’t in the room, so I came here.”
“customer?”
If you are a certified 4th class wizard, you have a spirit that will not be shaken by anything.
Knowing this, Amy stepped out of the fire and came to the door.
“Who the hell are you?”
There was anger mixed in that I couldn’t normally hear, and Sirone also voted for her.
“I-that’s… …
It was only after Nikolai stepped back, wiping his forehead with a handkerchief, that Sirone sensed it.
“ah!”
It was a promise that came to my mind out of nowhere.
“Sirone.”
The door opened slowly and Amy opened her mouth with a dazed expression as a guest entered.
She wasn’t human, and that’s why she had a beautiful appearance that couldn’t be seen in the human world.
” mom.”
Archangel Ichael entered with a smile.
“mom? Mother?”
The conclusion reached after quickly organizing her thoughts hit Amy’s backbone.
“what? mom?”
Ikael’s eyebrows went up in an unexpected atmosphere.
“I came right away because the matter was urgent. Have I ever disturbed you?”
It was because of the Wizard’s work.
Also, due to the nature of simultaneous events, it is impossible for two Sirone to be in the same space, so he and Ekael decided to meet in advance and separated from each other in another country.
‘I really didn’t expect you to come tonight…
After sending the principal back, Sirone introduces each other awkwardly between the two women.
“This is Amy. Amy, uh, this is my biological mother… …
It was awkward when I tried to speak.
“It’s Ikael.”
“hello. This is Amy.”
Ikael looked at Amy, who greeted her politely, with subtle eyes.
‘It’s this kid.’
When Sirone first came to heaven, she was one of the women she tried to save with all her might.
“I’ve heard a lot about Sirone. Very pretty. I am Ichael.”
The reason why he couldn’t say that he was his biological mother was because he still felt guilty towards Sirone.
Sensing a subtle nuance, Amy immediately got to the point.
“But what happened?” Sirone explained.
“that is… … Archangel Satiel has become the new archangel and is leading the armies of Heaven. At first, the archangels split apart, but it seems that Rayel sided with Satiel.”
There were also many things in the army of heaven.
“My mom and I traveled all over the world trying to convince ordinary angels. but no results. It seems that everyone has decided to follow Satiel.”
“Not even one person?”
Ikael explained.
“Angels are a little different from humans. Unanimity is extremely rare in human society, but angels act with absolute standards. If there is a difference of opinion, it will be decided by the Archangel Council, Baekkyung.”
Ikael was the final decision maker.
“The reason why the ordinary angels decided to follow Satiel is that they agreed with the absolute standard, namely the special mission of restoring the authority of heaven.”
Syrone added.
“Baekgyeong is the highest authority in heaven.
It was a coordinating body with The fact that the two of them came together must have played a big role. If Uriel stands by her mother’s side, he might be able to shake the armies of Heaven… …
Uriel was thinking of killing Ikael.
“Hmm.”
asked Amy, who had rested her chin on her head and was lost in thought.
“What is Satiel up to? If he had rallied the armies of Heaven, something should have happened right away. But I heard that for the first time today.”
“We don’t know for sure. At some point tracking became impossible. It is certain that it is within the planet, but according to Lampa-san’s investigation, it has been cut off from the Jive Kingdom.”
“Hmm, Xybra. It is a strong country.”
“okay. It won’t be unrelated to the temple assembly. Both the giants and the fairies are showing their own movements. There are many cards that Tormia can use, but depending on the situation in Heaven, it is not a safe situation.”
“Yes. The Fermi side is also suspicious.” Ikael said.
“Sorry for not being helpful. If the angels could be persuaded, Amy shook her head. “It is not so. The reason why the angels left is because Sirone, and furthermore, raised the hand of humans. I don’t represent anyone, but I appreciate it.”
Seeing Ikael’s smile restored, Amy naturally felt better.
“however… … What happened here today?”
Sironer] said.
“Ah, because of the wizard, I asked you to come. It will help open up your sense of time.”
“aha.”
Sirone also learned Ataraxia by resonating with Ikael.
“But wouldn’t it be dangerous? You said, you could lose yourself if you don’t.”
“So your will is important. it will probably be fine He is very talented and above all because he is young. Age is important for opening the senses.”
At the end of his speech, Ikael suddenly looked away with a cold expression on his face.
It was an instant, so no one realized it, but Ikael sensed the abnormal movement of the electric charge.
‘what?’
Sirone would have felt it if he concentrated, but the difference was that this Kael’s senses were always activated.
“Mom, why is that?”
In the meantime, the awkwardness has disappeared a lot, but Ikael at this time had great power.
Ikael relaxed his expression and said.
“It’s late at night, so I’ll go home. The two of you should spend a little more time together. I didn’t notice.”
Ichael was almost the only angel who experienced how humans love.
“no. I was going to sleep too. I called because I had something to discuss. Right, Sirone?”
Grinning at this, Amy glared at Sirone and signaled to leave.
“Oh, right. It did. Get out of here, Mom. I’ll ask if there are any vacant rooms and come back.”
“You don’t have to. Then I have work to do, so I’ll go out. I’ll see you in the morning.”
There was no way that there was anything Sirone didn’t know about, so he thought he was just being considerate.
“good night. Sirone, sleep well too.”
After escorting Sirone and Ikael out the door, Amy closed the door and leaned back.
“Whoa.”
It didn’t seem like I’d be fooling around for a while.
Early morning when everyone is asleep.
Blue electricity got tangled on the roof of the inn and turned into a person crouching down like a cat.
oh oh oh
The man who let out a long breath was wearing tight black tights.
“… … It’s tricky.”
As electricity flowed through the white mask that covered his face, an expression made of neon came to mind.
A childish expression as if drawn by a child.
The eyes expressed in lines were X-shaped, and the lips were curved like waves.
“But since I got paid… …
Gunzo Bedium.
He was the father of Gunzo Licorn, who was killed by Sirone, and was the best assassin in the Black Line.
When he heard the news that his son had died, Bedium printed out a teary expression (CTT).
That was all.
‘Should I take a look at the liver?’
If Ikael hadn’t come to the room, it would have been a great opportunity to kill Sirone.
‘Amy.’
With the situation like this, it was urgent to shake Shirone’s heart first.
Tsutsutsutsu!
Once again, his body was released into a free charge, and a big smile was printed on the mask.
Disappearing as if he was sinking to the ground, he reappeared in a room that smelled good.
Amy was asleep.
Bedium, sensing her brainwaves through free charge, nodded slightly.
‘Extremely stable.’
In his hand was a dagger made of electricity that looked like an S stretched up and down.
‘I have no feelings.’
If you prick it, the current will flow through your organs and your heart will stop.
‘That’s what life is all about.’
While chanting a magic spell to get rid of death, he swung the dagger down at the pit of the stomach.
Pajijijijik!
At the same time, his chest was electrified.
‘ what?’
Realizing the fist had pierced his body, he moved to a corner and raised his head.
‘archangel.’
The silhouette of a beautiful woman over two meters tall was looking down at Amy.
‘But why now? Could it be that he was noticing my presence?’
Ikael asked, slowly turning his head.
“Who are you? Why are you targeting this child?” Bedium printed out an expression with his eyes squinting cutely and his tongue sticking out to the side.
all.
‘It’s embarrassing.’
A drop of sweat flickered.

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-1056.txt
=============YYYYY=============
free electrons (4)
‘How did you get in?’
Bedium is Lichen’s father, but he is no longer his biological father.
His body is electric, and he can go anywhere in the world because he controls the movement of electric charges.
‘Is it the ability of an angel?’
Staying in Amy’s room as Her Highness, he remembered all the conversations.
In the process, he even found out that Ikael was an angel, but he did not know his exact abilities.
‘Ordinary people, no, no matter how brilliant they are, can’t see through the movement of the state of charge. thus… …
There is no chance of winning in a head-to-head confrontation.
“Answer me.”
As Ikael moved, his face was revealed in the moonlight coming through the window.
The eyes engraved on the white mask turned into hearts, but the atmosphere was just cold.
“That woman… … Because you are Sirone’s lover.”
“Sirone?”
“okay. What I’m aiming for is Sirone. If you kill that woman, you can shake Sirone’s feelings.”
The reason for being honest was to get a chance to escape somehow.
‘No matter how quickly I react, I won’t be able to get out of her senses.’
If it was enough to ignore space like the scale wizard, his mobility would be enormous.
“Hmm.”
Perhaps thinking he had caught all the fish, Kael rested his chin on his chin and was lost in thought.
Bedium was still unable to move, so her judgment was not wrong.
“why… … Are you trying to kill Sirone?”
“That guy… …
Delicate and complex lines were drawn on the white mask, which was all about expressing simple emotions.
It was the face of a demon as clear as real life.
“Because you killed my son.”
“what’?”
At the same time as he thought that it was now, Bedium’s body was released into an electric charge again.
“this!”
When he regained consciousness, the flow of charge had weakened to the point that it was difficult to trace.
‘I was aiming for this.’
It was only necessary to hold on to Ikael for the moment the electricity stayed in the space.
‘He is a very strong man. But Sirone killed his son, what happened?’
As soon as the day dawned, you would know if you asked Sirone, but she changed her mind.
‘Sirone is my son.’
In any situation, protecting the children was the priority.
Watching Amy, who was still asleep, her body spread into light again.
‘I will solve it.’
A soundless explosion of light occurred, and the room was silent as if nothing had happened.
‘That’s ridiculous.’
Bedium, which roamed in the state of free electrons in the air, felt the presence of Ikael.
Although it can read human brain waves, it did not analyze their exact thoughts, that is, their language.
However, angels are different from humans, so her thoughts were felt through the holy body.
Ikael turned at a right angle, ignoring the inertia.
‘It’s over there.’
In Amy’s room, Bedium perfectly fooled Ichael’s senses.
‘Jeong 增 ?’
It was a natural sense that was not amplified to the last.
Ikael’s senses were so sensitive right now that he could even hear the breath of a butterfly sleeping in the forest.
‘has disappeared.’
With a loud bang, Ikael stopped.
‘I got rid of my thoughts.’ In the free electron state, the presence of bedium is zero, but when a certain accident occurs, the charge cannot be blocked.
“I don’t know why I came to be like that, but… …
Ichael treated him with respect.
“The cessation of thought is the cessation of existence. It won’t stay that way forever.”
A gust of wind blew through the stillness.
“Come out. I’d love to hear from you. In some cases, I may give in.”
his son is dead
Although Sirone was with her now, she knew the pain of losing a child.
Parts Tsutsutsutsu!
Sparks exploded all around and the grass 10 meters away from Ikael caught fire.
In the place where ashes ascended like a whirlpool, Bedium revealed the human body again.
The mask was just blank like a blank sheet of paper.
“Are you an angel? It’s unusual.”
Contrary to admiration, it was a tone without fear.
“You are a strong human being too. Said Sirone killed your son.
Is that true?”
“okay.”
“If Syrone did anything wrong, “You don’t have to.”
Bedium held out her hand and cut off her words.
“My son is also an assassin. He must have died trying to kill Shirone. It’s just business. I have no special feelings for Sirone.”
Ikael understood the situation, but he did not think Bedium was being honest.
“In order to achieve what emotions want, should we rather kill them?”
“… … It’s not like an angel. Of course, it’s the first time I’ve seen it, but I thought it would be a little more cool.”
Ikael thought of Guffin.
“Because there is no existence without a heart.”
“So, why did you track me down? Are you saying you want to eliminate Sirone’s risk factors in advance?”
“I am also a parent. Even if there was a good reason, the sadness itself doesn’t go away. If you apologize in the way you want, will you forgive Sirone?”
“??????doesn’t exist.”
Bedium said.
“I have already received the request fee, and there is also money to be received after completion. It was my mistake not to grasp the power of angels clearly. But you won’t make a mistake twice.”
His eyes turned into money symbols ($).
Ikael did not give up.
“If you want money, I will give it to you. No matter how much you call, I will get it.”
“no.”
It has a different meaning from ‘no’.
” The reason is?”
Bedium, who had been lost in thought for a long time, spat out as if muttering.
“To that guy… … You can’t be embarrassed.”
Rye Kern.
It was probably the most painful thing for Ikael, so she gently turned around.
“great.”
The slender fist aimed at Bedium.
“If it’s a matter of emotion, then I do as I feel. single blow. I’ll beat you with this If you can’t, then do as you please.”
Bedium did not understand, but had no choice.
“You will regret it.”
His body glowed bluish.
“Show off your best skills. I can assure you, it will be completely different from what you have known so far.”
Even if it perishes forever.
Bedium, which glared at Ikael, who was silently holding out his fist, evaporated into electricity.
之 == wealth = poetry
At the same time, blue sparks flew everywhere.
Currently, the stream of thought forming Bedium was the intent to kill Ikael.
‘kill.’
If the sky is aiming at Ikael and throws a thunderbolt, the sensitivity to avoid it.
‘just now!’
Bedium rushed into the natural world’s vital point, not human insight.
Time is extremely slow.
Even when Bedium’s blow came close to me, Ikael didn’t even move.
However, the starlight unfolded.
‘Ataraxia.’ As if ignoring the relativity of time, the senses became extremely sensitive to the magic circle that was born.
Feeling the movement of the electrons in her hand, she twisted her body at breakneck speed.
‘middle!’
The outstretched fist twisted its trajectory and struck Bedium’s mask.
jump.
The mask cracked, and Bedium’s body was shot backwards like an electric cannon.
“Kuaaaaa!”
The white mask floating alone on the meadow was pulled down by gravity.
An expression with the eyes drooping down was printed.
“It was close.”
Ikael said with a fist.
“I don’t think you are the one who breaks your promise. I just want to hear Yuji. What happened to that body?”
“Queek! Kirik… …
The mask made a mechanical sound for a moment, then managed to regain a human voice.
“You know what? Stuffy talk in the world, no one wants to hear it. your son is alive That’s it.”
A cold wind passed, and Bedium’s mask spoke in a lower voice than before.
“Why are you curious about that? My son tried to kill Sirone. There would be no reason to sympathize with me. Why did he dare to give me a chance’?”
“My son died a long time ago. in front of my eyes… … Because my throat was cut.” “I do not know. Self-defense, maybe your son was bad, most people would think so…
Ikael’s eyebrows rose sadly.
“Emotions are not like that. Even if the parents’ minds are the same, there are situations that cannot be dealt with logically because they have had the same experience.”
It’s been so long.
“I don’t know exactly. Why did my body become electricity? But what is clear is… …
Bedium searched for memories.
“After hearing about Licorn’s death from the client, I decided to kill Sirone. It must have been from then. What effect did the enmity towards Sirone have? … . Maybe I’m already dead, and only my memories have been restored.”
Ikael recalled the words he had heard from Sirone.
‘Fine-tuning.’
Bedium’s voice was so low that you couldn’t hear it unless you listened closely.
“Because you can learn a lot when you become an electrician. Most of them cannot be put together in words, but the feeling is. The world seems to hate your son.”
Ikeel’s expression turned serious.
‘For those who hate Sirone, fine adjustments are made. Active involvement of the outside world.’
The ceiling of the world is half open.
“Who instigated the assassination?”
“I can’t say that. Because it’s the pride of a professional. But Sirone guesses
I will be there.”
Ikael didn’t ask any more questions.
“I have nothing more to say. by the way… … When the hell am I going to disappear?”
The body was lost, but the thoughts spread slowly, like a smell dissipating.
so that was possible.
“Did you say Ikael?”
Ikael, who was bowing his head as if meditating, looked back at Bedium.
“This is so strange. No, should I say weird? I will give you good information.”
He was on the verge of the outside world.
“To God… …
Neon flowed on the surface of the mask, revealing an expression with a tongue sticking out.
“Time goes backwards.”
“what?”
Before Ikael could ask, the neon lights went out, and the cracked mask slowly disappeared.
A story that even an archangel could not understand.
But she put her thoughts aside for a moment and turned her head away as if chasing death with her gaze.
‘I hope it was at least a life full of something.’
good and evil, whatever.
The next morning, Ikael told Sirone what had happened last night.
Sirone roughly guessed.
‘Gyorgi.’
He was the head of a department called the Catacombs organized by the army of hell to assassinate Yahweh.
“I didn’t say it out of fear, but there were assassination attempts in other areas as well. But this time… …
It was terrifying in that he was aiming for an aide.
‘I was too careless. No, in fact, I couldn’t be more careful than this. the problem is… …
fine tuning.
‘It is impossible to be wary of anything other than the cosmological constant. That’s why I went to the outside world too.’
Ikael said.
“Time goes backwards for God. Those are the last words he said. Any guesses?”
“no. I can hypothesize a few things, but nothing is definitive. But you’ll find out soon. I’m on my way to an ancient ruin with Mr. Zulu.”
Canis and Arin also joined.
‘First of all, a wizard.’
At the same time as I thought, I turned my head and saw a wizard walking towards the training ground just in time.
My eyes were puffy, perhaps because I had stayed up all night, and I had lost my sight in just one day.
‘You tried.’
If the genius of the century worked hard enough to burn calories in one day, what would the result be?
“teacher.”
As the Wizard approached Sirone, the teachers watched with gulps.
“okay. You spent a whole day Are there any results?”
“day.”
The Wizard’s expression, which had been glaring at Sirone, suddenly turned into a tearful expression.
“Can you give me one more day?”

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-1057.txt
=============YYYYY=============
Tomb of Information (1)
The wizard’s crying face was cute, but Sirone could read the earnestness in that expression.
‘You’re really resentful.’
Sirone, who had already opened her sense of time, knew how difficult it was.
‘Human beings are supposed to perceive time based on the signals of light. To destroy it… …
A fundamental part of the brain must change.
“good.”
The Wizard’s face turned red, but Sirone said something different from what he expected.
“Training ends here. It seems that the resolution is sufficient, so let’s open up the sense of oppression now.”
“What do you mean?”
The flow of time is just an illusion of the brain, so it can be dangerous if you suddenly open your sense of time.
Because if the present is destroyed, there is no past and no future.
“The reason I gave you this day is for now. You have to think about time as much as you can, so you can deal with common sense-defying shocks.”
Sirone turned to Ikael.
“This is my mother, Ikael. Archangels’ senses are far superior to those of humans. From now on, you will experience the process of resonating with this person.”
“mother?”
Wizard raised his head all the way.
With her short stature, it was difficult to see the face of Ikael, who was over two meters tall.
“nice to meet you. You are a Wizard.”
As Ikael lowered his head and smiled, the Wizard’s mouth opened slightly.
‘awesome.’
The special dignity that goes beyond human aesthetic standards is contained in the form as it is.
Teachers and students had similar feelings.
‘An angel. Nonsense.’
It was the moment when rumors that Sirone’s real mother was not human were proved in reality.
“Hmmmm.”
Headmaster Nikolai came through, clearing his throat.
“I’ve heard about possession, but wouldn’t it be dangerous? I am in a position to protect students… …
It was a word that was conscious of the Wizard’s parents, but there seemed to be a reason for the conversation.
Ikael said with a smile.
“Since Sirone said it was okay, there won’t be any big problems. If it becomes dangerous, I will stop.”
“Heh heh, as well as the students, Ikael-san should also vouch for it. You are the great star of mankind.”
“You are talking too much. thank you.” Sirone narrowed her eyes as she watched Nikolai’s mouth ringing in her ears.
‘ if??????
Amy was stabbed in the side.
“What do you care about? It’s because I can’t express it, but everyone has that kind of crush. Besides, it’s obvious that your mother doesn’t care.”
“I know. just… …
Sirone has no prejudice.
He only knew how much Ikael loved Guffin and how happy he was.
“Then let’s begin.”
Ikael stroked the Wizard’s head.
“Believe in yourself. That’s what I believe in soon. From now on, I will absorb the asteroid into your head. We will think with one mind, and in the process, we will be able to awaken a sense of oppression.”
Syrone added.
“Remember that the present is in your heart.”
The wizard nodded, and when he opened his eyes, Ikael absorbed the asteroid.
“omg.”
The child’s chest swelled greatly, and the light in his eyes leaked through his quivering eyelids.
The son-in-law was still silent, but a roaring conversation was supposed to be going on in the Wizard’s brain.
“Huh!”
His eyelids and shoulders trembled, and his entire body began to vibrate as if he had been electrocuted.
At the limit of that vibration, the Wizard awoke.
“Aaaaa!”
As the barrier of time was broken, the past and the future were all perceived as the present.
‘I have to catch it here!’
As he concentrated on his mind, the sense of violence subsided and he felt his presence clearly.
“ha! ha!”
It took a moment to let out a rough breath, and her eyes widened at the newly opened sensation.
“uh? what?”
The present was too long.
How would it feel to live in the past as if it were present for others?
“You succeeded.”
“teacher.”
The Wizard, who was about to approach Sirone, stopped at the sudden sense of death.
“Then next step.”
With the Hand of God floating above her head, Sirone let out in a cold voice.
“You’re dodging my attack.”
During training, he was a wizard who was not childish, so he immediately nodded.
“??????Goes.”
A huge fist of light flew. The Wizard’s face turned pale at the speed and power that were on a completely different level from his training so far.
“for a moment??????!”
Aaaaaang!
The Hand of God slammed the ground with a roar, crushing her body like an ant.
The corner of Sirone’s mouth went up slightly.
“pass.”
Seconds up here.
“Hehe, thank you.”
What remained in reality was the image of the priests looking at each other with friendly eyes.
Arriving in the capital of Kessia, Sirone looked around the deserted streets.
‘It looks like a ghost town.’
Only numerous pretends of popularity felt inside the building denied that fact.
The last time he came to Kessia, it was a place where murder, looting, and arson were commonplace.
‘What the hell did he do?’ There was no human being living normally, so even rumors did not circulate.
‘Anyway, it seems certain to have kept the emotional illness at bay. No, I can’t see this being blocked.’
Sirone stopped in front of a high-rise building with a symbol of a golden ring hanging from the spire.
Inside the windows, people in suits were walking around doing their jobs.
The contrast between the scene and the empty streets gave Sirone a strange feeling of goosebumps.
“hello.”
Feeling the colder air than outside, I started talking to them, but no one looked back.
Upon closer inspection, their eyes were all open.
“who???????”
At least a normal-looking woman came along, struggling to straighten her steps.
“Oh, my name is Sirone. Do you have a Fermi?”
In a conditioned reflex, all the staff turned their heads, and incoherent words continued.
“Sirone? Fermi?”
It’s crazy, Shirone thought.
“Come this way.”
When I heard the voice coming from the stairs, I turned to see a clear-eyed man raising his glasses.
“you are… …
Fermi’s secretary, whom he had seen before, stared at his watch.
“You came 20 minutes earlier than expected. Ha ha, this case was mined 20 days ago. I will guide you. Fermi is waiting for you.”
Since it was only an unknown story, Sirone followed the man to the elevator.
When I arrived on the 17th floor, Fermi was waiting for me in an office filled with glass windows.
“Sirone.”
Compared to before, he was much cleaner and opened his arms as if he had met an old friend.
“What happened?” Not sharing his regrets, Fermi awkwardly lowered his arm.
“Sit down for now. While drinking tea… …
“How did you know I was coming? Why is it that emotional illness has not spread? Why is there no one on the street’?”
Fermi laughed.
“You seem to have a lot of questions. Well, I guess so. There must be parts of it that have been erased from memory.”
“memory.”
According to Supreme Court Justice Terraforce, Sirone destroyed his memory with his own will.
“Can you tell me?”
Fermi smiled like a crack.
“how is it? Aren’t you curious too? I could tell you what the deal was, if you’d like.”
This is why I hate Fermi.
‘But that’s why… … You can believe I made a deal with Fermi.’
It was true that he was a capable guy.
“it’s okay. Rather, I want to know the whole story of Kessia. How did you stop the emotional illness?”
“Hmm.”
Thinking with his chin resting on his chin, Fermi pointed to the door.
“Do you want to see for yourself?”
The place where he took Sirone is the ward where the children of the orphanage are intoxicated with drugs called Angel.
“ha. ha.”
Sirone shuddered at the slight moan of pleasure that escaped from the child’s throat.
“this… … what?”
“The special elixir I made. Did you see it when you came before? After several phases of clinical trials, we finally made it. Angel’s Tears, Angel. You can curb your emotional illness with this.”
As soon as he finished speaking, Sirone grabbed Fermi by the collar and pulled him.
“it’s crazy?”
Fermi just looked at him coldly.
“They’re not even ten years old. Did you use drugs on them? Do you know what that’s about’?”
“??????know.”
Fermi opened his mouth.
“How about you then? Did you bring something better to the world than this situation?”
Sparks flew in Sirone’s eyes, but he couldn’t completely ignore Fermi’s voice.
“I can’t say that this result is better.”
“result? That’s stupid. Do you feel as though you have been beaten by carrying all of mankind’s burdens?” “All life ends in death. That’s the only outcome given to us. The world needs someone like you who dreams of a hopeful future, but please face reality.”
“… … How did you do it?”
Sirone’s hand lost its strength.
“Which drug can prevent emotional illness? Seriel tried all the drugs and failed.”
“Of course it is bound to fail. Because no cure has been developed. Of course not yet.”
Sirone was in the mood to grab hold of the collar he had loosened.
“Explain so I can understand.”
“How did I know that you would arrive within today?”
“I don’t know.”
“Then let me know.”
Gestured to follow him, Fermi took the elevator again and went down to the second floor.
When the door marked Recovery Room opened automatically, people were lying on 200 beds.
“uh?”
There was someone he knew even Sirone.
“Marsha’s sister?”
Despite making quite a loud noise, Marsha fell asleep without even moving.
Sirone turned to Fermi.
“What happened? As an angel, “Don’t worry. Of course, I take it regularly, but it’s not to the extent that it interferes with my daily life. Wouldn’t it be more important where these people are?”
“Where are you?”
When I heard Fermi say it, it seemed that he did not mean simply a recovery room.
Sirone suddenly realized.
“no way?”
When I woke up after getting rid of the debt of Valhalla Action, there was something I heard from Miro.
“Then, shall we go check the mining situation?”
Fermi pointed to an empty bed and tossed a pea-sized pill.
“what’s this?”
“Dream Star. you know? Oh, did you erase your memory up to that point? You are very thorough.”
“Did I ever take this drug?” Sirone took a closer look at the Dream Star, but didn’t even feel a sense of déjà vu.
“okay. I went with him because he insisted on seeing it in person. Well, it was a time when I struggled alone. Anyway, are you going to do it or not?”
Deep in thought, Sirone grabbed the pill and followed Fermi to bed.
Lying side by side on the empty bed, Lorne asked while erecting her upper body.
“What will happen if I take this medicine?”
“Depart from the dream and enter the Undercoder. Address match before… … no, just eat it You know the mechanism roughly. I did it once.”
‘It’s an undercord.’
As Fermi lay down on the bed first, Sirone also put the Dream Star in her mouth and swallowed it in one gulp.
The sleeping pill on the surface of the pill first melted in the stomach, making the mind drowsy.
If you forcefully awaken the brain, you can wake it as much as you like, but Sirone surrendered to the medicinal effect.
The sense of reality is gone… … .
“huh?”
The senses in the dream buried among countless corpses were connected to Sirone’s five senses.

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-1058.txt
=============YYYYY=============
Tomb of Information (2)
It was a nightmare from the start.
‘Is it the influence of Dream Star?’
It was not easy for Yahweh to have anxiety in his mind, perhaps it was brain chemistry.
“Anyway, this is a bit… …
When I got up, countless corpses were approaching from the edge of the horizon, forming a wall.
“Whoa!”
The approaching corpses, dragging their dried intestines, wept in unison.
“Yahweh, do you know those who died because of you? Do you know those whom you have not saved?”
Sirone’s guilt.
Behind the ideal of saving humanity, there were people dying right now.
-Every life ends in death.
It seems that the words Fermi heard before eating the Dream Star remained in her subconscious.
“You suffer too. Our pain, our resentment!”
Corpses approach with hostility
Even in the midst of this, Sirone did not move.
‘Such a dream.’
I wanted to ease the guilt a little by being torn to pieces by them.
“What are you doing?”
Fermi appeared among the rotting corpses and looked around Sirone’s dream with interest.
“Hmm, I thought you were just straining your eyes like an old man, but you have a soft corner.”
“Don’t talk nonsense. It’s what you made up. What kind of drug did you give me?”
“Even with that said, it is the next dream star refined by the best drug designers. Because Fear and Eros have clear goals, it is easy to match their addresses.”
The moment Fermi’s words were recognized, the shape of the corpse was revealed in more detail.
Of course, I hadn’t felt blurry before, but it was all a work of the mind.
“Ooh ooh… … . Woo woo!”
Through the tattered clothes, things like breasts and genital utensils were glimpsed.
When Sirone made a puzzled expression, Fermi shrugged understandingly.
“If you mix the two things, it becomes like this. Sirone averted her gaze.
“so… … What should I do now? Undercoders are outside the borders of Drimo.”
“nothing. You just have to wait until the Dream Star is completely absorbed from your stomach. Dreams will collapse when the brain is half-awakened, so we go to Undercoder at that time.” It was a simple method, but the problem was that the waiting area was a nightmare.
The corpses that came close to us were waiting for an opportunity, baring their teeth.
The reason why they can’t attack immediately is because Shirone’s spirit is blocking the development of the incident.
Stopping the progress of the dream was impossible even for a professional diver.
Fermi smiled.
“You’ve changed a lot, that freshman kid.”
magic school days.
“We fought a lot. At that time, I was full of nerds, but now I am the Messiah who will save mankind.”
“I don’t want to talk about that with you.”
“Don’t you have anything else to do? In dreams, the notion of time becomes jumbled up. If you’re immersed, it’s faster than reality, but if it’s like this, you never know how long you’ll have to wait.”
Fermi looked around and said.
“It reminds me of the graduating class survival test. Trapped in icy water, cut by blades… … . Did we go all the way to level 7 then? Ah, I withdrew from step six.”
“Kurrrrrr!”
The corpses came one step closer.
“Actually, I knew you would die in step 7. If I knew I would pass, I would have chased it until the end.”
“What do you want to say?”
“Just what… … Do you feel sorry for me? I’m a loser anyway, but this is a dream.”
Fermi held out his hand.
“I thought it might be possible to turn it around.” At the same time as feeling the eerie death, the corpses rushed at Sirone.
“Kuaaaaa!”
The path was in the air, but it would be intercepted by Fermi as it flew up and down.
‘Broad.’
As the corpses caught in the explosion of light were torn apart, the flesh flew dozens of meters.
In the open field of view, Fermi snatched the chip made from the depreciation transaction and put it in his mouth.
“Let’s have fun.” Eating Out – Unmanned Sniper. In the next moment, hundreds of bullets fired from 374 places in the air were fired at Sirone.
‘It’s called a railgun.’
Even the Archmage would not be able to react to the speed of the bullet accelerated by the electromagnetic field.
“Keugh!”
The bullet hit the ground at the same time as the Hand of God swept away Sirone.
The shock wave shook the earth.
“Kuaaa!”
Sirone stood unharmed in the place where the flesh of the corpses fell like hailstones.
“Hmm, didn’t you see? sort of… … Is it a skill of the mind?”
Looking up at the huge hand of light floating in the air, Fermi smiled.
The eyes were benevolent.
“You are deceiving my heart like the law. that’s a good ability But it won’t work twice.”
“okay?”
Sirone, who felt the sincerity of life, treated him sincerely.
“Where should we try?”
When the Hand of God spread his palms toward the air, a huge Photon Cannon was born.
Super fast bullets and powerful cannons.
Even in the immediate situation, Fermi was calmly looking at the Hand of God.
‘Using the scale, you’ve transcended the limit of power. You could say it’s like a sirone, but… …
He faced the front again.
“If it were me, I would have developed more of the trick from before. No matter how strong the power is, there is always a way out. On the other hand, that technique can subdue 100% of enemies if the situation is right. There is a downside to being weak in the second use, but isn’t that the trick?”
Sirone frowned.
“What does it matter what magic I study? Take care of your magic.”
“Cheuk, that’s right.”
After Fermi turned around, the ground began to vibrate and crack the landscape.
The dream was about to collapse.
“Time passes quickly when you are immersed. It seems to be taking effect now. Let’s start slowly.”
Sirone released the Hand of God, but she couldn’t erase her displeasure.
“So you deliberately started a fight?”
“Well, both sides and sides.” He was a human being who could not read his heart.
Released by the light from the Undercoder, the two arrived at the middle floor along the blue line.
Sirone asked in a room with many mirrors.
“Where are you going?”
“The Abyss. The graveyard of information and the final destination of the world. That is why it is also called Apocalypse. Would you be familiar?”
I heard that you recovered discarded information to forge Sirone’s signature.
After exiting the middle floor, they put their hands on the mirror that leads to The Abyss.
As the boundaries were reversed, the world of Apocalypse rushed into Sirone’s eyes.
“This… … ?”
Fermi asked as Sirone looked down from a high altitude and put on a dazed expression.
“why? Were you surprised that it was different from what you expected?” Certainly it was.
‘Miro said it was a place that realized the future world where Apocalypse was destroyed. But this… …
The entire visible landscape was covered with slime of unknown origin.
“Is that a Mucus?”
“okay. Ever since Nane left the photon world, Apocalypse has been completely covered in Youcus. Research has shown that more than 98 percent of the ground is slime.”
Fermi pointed around.
“As you know, The Abyss is the destination of information. It is the scene of the apocalypse implemented based on the real world. I think this foreshadows a cellbuster in real life.”
Sirone was quite surprised.
“How do you know all that information? Even in Omega’s log, it’s a record from a very long time ago.”
“As time passes, even the king’s secret diary gets hung up in bookstores. Are you talking to me right now? So, won’t a lot more people know about it in the future?”
“future?”
I realized in that moment.
“no way… … you?”
Isn’t that a really stupid idea?
“okay. The future is endlessly deposited in The Abyss. Therefore, the longer an object has existed here, the closer it is to our reality. If so, wouldn’t it be possible to predict events that haven’t happened yet? I call it time mining.”
Sirone blinked.
“From then on, I thoroughly investigated Apocalypse. I once picked up something that looked like a piece of paper abandoned deep in the mountains. But it is information from the future that has not yet happened in reality.”
The irony that the garbage here becomes gold in reality.
“By collecting such information as it is, we predicted and prepared for what would happen in the future. Emotional illness is one of them. Of course, the reason you decided to do business with me was after hearing this explanation from me.”
“okay.”
Sirone was confident in his judgment at the time.
“I won’t ask about the deal. But how did you gather that much information? Even if it is trash, it would be difficult to find information about the near future.”
After Fermi, he blew his bangs.
“It was really hard. I couldn’t find an answer because I was trying to do it alone. That’s why I hired the entire parrot mercenary.”
“You mean Marsha-nee is here?”
Fermi smiled and pointed with his thumb at the lowlands covered with eucus.
“Do you want to go?”
The place where they flew through the sky was the middle of a city where a huge excavator was built.
Marsha was next to the excavator while the mercenary officers were sitting on a metal box and drinking.
Fermi walked with his hands behind his back.
“How are you?”
“what? Fermi, what are you doing here… …
Marsha, who found Sirone, stopped talking and then shouted, revealing a bright color.
“Hey, Sirone! Guys! Come and see. A celebrity is here!”
Now, it is a mercenary group dealing with the world, but Sirone’s appearance was as expected.
“Sirone is Yahweh, right? Vice-captain, didn’t you say you had a fight with that guy before?”
said Freeman, still eyebrowless, leaning his arm against the box and holding the bottle to his mouth.
“… … It’s not with me.”
Marsha expressed her pleasure by messing with Sirone’s hair.
“This guy! How have you become more handsome than before? After all, a man must have power. yes?”
Marsha had a knack for making it easy to say anything.
“You are still there. How are you?”
“Hit 1! It’s me, I’m going to die doing something I can’t even sell. Detective, grave robbery, now construction work. Who would have thought that singing mining songs would lead to real mining?”
Marsha’s face was haggard than before, but her eyes were bright like a child’s.
“Are you going to pierce Youcus with this machine?”
“huh. I’m taking a little break right now. It will be useless anyway. Even if you pierce it, it will regenerate again.”
Fermi asked.
“If even the tallest building disappears, it must be quite thick. Have you reached the end?”
“There is a record of hitting hard ground this morning. I think it’s around 480 meters.”
Sirone’s eyes widened.
“480 meters?”
Marsha pounded the excavator.
“It’s been incredibly accumulated. In this state, it is impossible to search even if you break through. More than anything… …
The Yucus underfoot wriggled and stretched out like tentacles, coiling around Marsha’s legs and climbing up.
The tip of the tentacle hardened like a needle and the moment it soared, Marsha grabbed it roughly.
“This goo is going to annoy me. Anyway, you know what’s pretty. This guy must be a male.”
Freeman came.
“Because it’s near the excavator. It seems that they instinctively sense who is attacking them.”
“Mr. Freeman.”
Before Sirone even had time to say hello, Marsha threw her tentacles on the floor and fired at them.
“shut up. Then you wouldn’t have to be around. On the subject of drinking or drinking all day long. abuse.”
“abuse?”
Freeman explained.
“Because I was so rough-mouthed, my subordinates voted. For the time being, Marsha is prohibited from cursing.”
“joy! Do you think you can stop that? Abusive child! I’m afraid he’ll just swear at swear words and tear them apart.”
“?… “haha.”
Sirone made an absurd expression.
‘They live very happily.’

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-1059.txt
=============YYYYY=============
Tomb of Information (3)
Marsha returned to the main topic.
“Anyway, mining in this state is impossible. Even if it goes down 480 meters, it’s next to impossible to find evidence of a specific time there.”
Sirone rested her chin.
‘Fermi is right. This is a gamble worth taking. If you can predict the future… …
I suddenly remembered.
“Then what about the drug called Angel? Is there any other way to treat emotional illness?”
said Fermi.
“According to the evidence I have gathered, the World Health Organization has not come up with a cure for emotional illness.”
It was a desperate talk.
“but… …
Sirone looked around and waved her arms.
“The cell buster happened. If humanity was wiped out by emotional illness, why is this catastrophe necessary?”
“Listen to the end. Humanity does not appear to have been annihilated by emotional disease. In other words, it’s not that we haven’t been able to develop a cure, it’s that there’s no need to develop it.” Sirone finally realized.
“Feelings… … Are you giving up?”
“okay. Humans in the future will have a completely different emotional system than we do today. Do you know Gyorgi?”
Sirone nodded.
“What is stolen from others is not valuable. Therefore, if you live with plundered goods, emotional disease does not appear. Humanity in the future does not own anything, it simply takes away. In this state, human unity is absolutely impossible.”
“It is a beast.”
wild
“Still, I am free from emotional illness. That’s what pain is. And this is the landscape of the end of the century that mankind will reach.” Fermi continued.
“The medicine I made based on that information is Angel’s Tears. A kind of hallucinogen. why drugs? Do we have to lower the current human spirit to the level of beasts?”
Sirone shut his mouth.
“It took a lot of trial and error to find the golden balance. An astronomical amount of money was invested only in establishing a distribution network in the southern continent. accept it This is the current thread.”
“but… … I can’t report like that.”
The World Health Organization will not be able to announce that all mankind must become wild dogs.
‘No, even if you announce it, it’s not like it’s going to be what you want. Thorough natural selection. It’s just a process in which those with emotions are weeded out over a long period of time.’
Fermi is blocking the process.
‘Tears of an angel.’
Sirone imagined an angel injecting drugs into a human arm and weeping.
Is that angel Fermi?
Or is it just the naming sense of a genius businessman who seems to sell sand even in the desert?
Sirone did not know.
“There must be a way. Anyway, it’s not an incurable disease. let’s go down It’s all mining.”
Marcia shrugged, and Fermi, who exchanged glances with her, said.
“I knew you would like it. but how do i get down? Youkus keeps playing.”
Sirone cast Hand of God.
“It’s about digging out a search point. Can’t you just explore while I’m in charge of Youcus?”
“Mukus is not a simple substance. Powered by a digital Ra, that is, a quantum computer capable of thinking. If you remove 1 ton of Yucus, it will fill up 1 ton in no time. No, maybe I will pour out 10 or 100 times that amount.”
Fermi raised his index finger.
“And another one. This is a world of information. As in the real world, it is impossible to invest a huge amount of manpower or have large-scale construction facilities. This mining machine was finally airlifted by requesting an expert from Undercoder.”
Marsha intervened.
“We were just talking about it. As long as Mucus regenerates with will, it is difficult and dangerous to make mining successful with external factors.”
“It’s an external factor.”
As Sirone bit his lip and fell into thought, Fermi crossed his arms and rested his chin.
“How to fool Mucus… …
After spitting out, Fermi suddenly raised his head, and Sirone hurriedly looked back at him.
At the same time, words came out.
“virus.”
Marsha blinked.
“huh? virus? cold?”
It’s not wrong, but Sirone knew another use of the virus.
“It is a kind of program. It infiltrates the main system and disrupts data. If you can plant a virus on Digitala, you might be able to mine it.”
“Hmm, attacking from the inside, right? But is it possible? They say it’s an incredibly capable machine.”
said Fermi.
“We only need to change a few minor data points. For example, slowing down the playback of Youkus… …
“aha.”
Syrone added.
“There are also ways to freeze or harden.
ji. I don’t even want to paralyze the system. It’s just a minor error that Digital Ra doesn’t recognize.” Freeman asked.
“Is it really possible? This is the end of the world, but that’s why it’s technologically superior. Who the hell can create a program to disrupt Digital Ra’?”
Fermi squinted one eye.
“There is one person who comes to mind. This is a bit ambiguous. Because it is not a personal relationship.”
Sirone ran.
“Is that a problem now? who? let me meet you persuading somehow
I will kill you.”
“you?”
After staring at Sirone for a long time, Fermi suddenly puffed out his cheeks and burst into laughter.
“pooh!”
Sirone’s ears turned red.
“What is that mockery? I said I would help.”
“No, sorry. I can’t stand the thought of you, who is 100% sincere in everything, doing that.”
“What are you talking about? what is that?”
“Hmm.”
Calming his tickling lungs, Fermi opened his mouth with a smile.
“if… … Have you ever heard of high gear?”
virtual memory area.
Two bluish circles formed in the dark space, and light rose in a cylindrical shape.
Sirone and Fermi emerged from their respective circles.
“Here… … ‘?”
As Sirochet looked around, Fermi stepped into the darkness.
“This is the exclusive exit for Abyss Walkers. If I knew right away, I wouldn’t have to go through hardships then.”
“Is this the exit?”
Sirone simply pressed the button on the pocket watch Fermi had handed him twice quickly.
“It’s one of the new features of Dream Star. When the button is pressed, it is transferred to the virtual memory of the undercoder. In reality, it’s like recalling a memory, but it’s not an actual memory. It’s just a false memory created by the effects of hallucinogens.”
“So I am in a hallucination. And the person who developed all of this… …
“operator. He is also the first designer and operator of High Gear, and the No. 1 user in the rankings. I don’t even know if he’s actually human. Undercoder can come in through Drimo, and if it’s a mental transfer, it can come from the end of the universe.”
“But you said you were a character, right?”
‘A sharp guy.’
It’s information that doesn’t really need to be hidden, but it wasn’t my taste to get caught in this way.
“There are several clues to guess. First of all, this high gear’s combat base is in human form. An illogical type attitude is possible, but would you say the balance is immature? Of course, there are cases in which certain numbers increase tremendously in return, so it is popular with maniacs.”
“What the hell is high gear?”
The only explanation Sirone had heard was that he fought by transforming his body in a virtual world.
“You’d better go and see for yourself. Even if I explain it to you, the key things won’t be conveyed.”
Sirone puffed his cheeks at the disparaging remarks, but now Fermi was in charge.
Fermi, who had escaped to the middle layer of the Under Coder, turned to Sirone and said.
“High gear content is not in the middle tier. You have to go much deeper than that.”
“depths? The Abyss?”
“I don’t mean that, it means that it is illegal. We call it the Floor Corder.”
Not in Omega’s memory means that it was created after Shirone was born.
“Illegal, who cares?”
“Mongin.”
“ah… …
“All of Floor Coder’s content is using De Limo’s modules. It’s a huge convenience for developers. Not only does it feel the same sensation as in reality, but it also automatically corrects parts that are difficult to implement.”
It was a dream mystery.
“In fact, many of Floor Coder’s contents are stimulating and decadent and lack of perfection. On the other hand, high gear is a luxury product with all the advantages of a floor coder. It’s difficult to get in, so you have to take the Dream Star for Under Coders. If the synchronization is not right, the brain goes into shock.”
Fermi placed his hand between the gaps between the mirrors installed in the middle eye.
“Information magic, information.”
As the magic circle rotated, a rectangular gap formed in the wall, and a red door was born.
Sirone took a step back and watched.
‘It’s not a mirror.’
Just the fact that the communication protocols were different made it possible to guess what the floor coders were like.
Upon entering, there were various doors installed in the hallway leading to Jung-gu Heating.
“But can I just go? I told you that High Gear needs a special Dream Star.”
“are you okay. That’s what I gave you.” Sirone’s silver ■ became thinner.
“Did you know it would be like this from the start?”
“Isn’t it obvious? You followed me to The Abyss before. I vomited like I did today. Of course, this is my first floor chord.”
Fermi, who stopped, was about to smile.
“Are you curious? Can I just tell you?”
Sirone sneered and turned his head.
“it’s okay. It would be much better to believe in myself, whom I have no memory of, than to believe in you.”
“haha.”
Fermi stopped in front of a sliding door that could only be found in an old castle in the real world.
“It’s here.”
He opened the door, but it was dark, and Sirone followed Fermi inside.
At the same time as the door closed, the interior of the old castle was renovated and the scenery unfolded before my eyes.
-Nice to meet you! Welcome to the playground of the universe, the battlefield of High Gear!
Sirone looked around.
It was freezing cold except for someone sitting at the counter far away.
“Is there anyone but us? At one point, they said it was a super-hit simulation.”
“It’s the first time, yes. The first person to link to High Gear has access to tutorial content. Usually, go to the battlefield you saved earlier.”
“Again, I’m not here to do this.”
“know. Still, good to know. Talking to the operator is like picking stars from the sky. I never have a personal conversation unless it is a system-related suggestion.”
“A ranker? 1st place too. Then maybe it’s a battlefield, you just have to talk to it in that place.”
“I want to, but it’s the other side.” Sirone didn’t understand why that was important.
“Look, you said the core things wouldn’t be delivered. Anyway, I don’t know them personally.”
“Then how do you know?”
“Under Coder’s conditional auction market. You can’t just run a world this precise, can you? I once bought some of the operator’s stuff in bulk.”
“How much?”
“Hmm, in terms of real value, would it be around 2,000 trillion gold?”
Sirone’s eyes widened.
“what? Two trillion?”
“haha! why are you so surprised Do you still believe that money actually exists?”
“It’s not… …
“Anyway, the reason I took the beginner link is to meet the tutorial manager. Since this is also a deal, maybe they can connect you with the operator.”
Fermi’s work was done quickly, but Sirone was still questionable.
‘… … What’s the point of being on the other side?’

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-106.txt
=============YYYYY=============
[106] Geumgangseung (6)
Amira’s eyes, which had been firmly planted, shook for the first time. She had a wick like steel, but she couldn’t help but melt when she saw Alpheas’ face.
Why not? He had been following him since the days when he used to pee on the blanket.
“sorry. For making you do this hard work.”
Amira lowered her head and tried to hold back the tears that were about to spill out.
“I don’t mean to hurt the headmaster. The more respected the world is, the more you shouldn’t cover up your mistakes, and if you go on like this, even school… … .”
“Why don’t you know? No one here hates you. You are the future of the school.”
Alpheas looked at Amira with pity. All the students who gathered here were like the upbringing that they had raised. I was sorry for hurting them.
Raising her head again, Amira looked at Alfeas with moist eyes. She had a benevolent smile like the one she had seen in childhood.
“Will you trust me just once? Once Sirone’s work is finished, let’s handle everything transparently. Even if any punishment is given, I will do my best to stand out in front of my beloved disciples. I will never run away.”
Hot tears ran down Amira’s cheeks.
“Are you really coming back? I respect… … .”
“then. There will be no deceit in punishing me. I promise you with the honor of a lifetime.”
Amira wiped away the tears with the back of her hand. She could never cry in front of Alfeas. She wanted to show a more mature version of herself than she did when she was younger.
“All right. Since you said that last time, the student council will accept the principal’s opinion and review the agenda again. Please do not do anything that damages your honor.”
Alpheas smiled happily. He grew up to be a wild and smart student. In a short voice of his tongue, ‘Principal Dundaeng!’ The child who ran to me while calling out has grown up like this before I knew it.
‘Erina, I guess my life wasn’t in vain either.’
When the student council president made the decision, the protesters immediately dispersed. The conservatives who occupied the entrance also scattered, leaving the front of the building deserted in an instant.
Fermi, the only one left, scratched his head shyly.
“Ah, it went well and then ruined it at the last minute.”
Alpheas burst out laughing.
“Chuck! Looks like things didn’t go your way this time, Fermi.”
“I can’t. Honestly, I think it’s against the rules for the principal to step forward.”
“Should I graduate now? You too will be twenty-two next year.”
“well. I don’t even have money to make here yet.”
“Is that so?”
I knew at least that Fermi was the key figure behind the incident. However, Alpheas was proud of being a disciple who had grown so fast.
“Besides, it’s still fun here. Enough then.”
Without saying hello, Fermi saluted and walked away. Perhaps he wouldn’t even be in the student council after today. Because peaceful places don’t make money.
Iruki and Nade, who headed to the infirmary, were silent. It was the first time we had a serious fight since five years ago, so the awkwardness still lingered. But as expected, Nade couldn’t stand this atmosphere.
“hey! How can you not say a word? You don’t have to fool me, do you? Is it just to make you look cool?”
“You are laughing. What strategy are you discussing with the guy swimming butterfly in the sea of sorrow? Besides, if the information is leaked, they will come up with the means there too. Why is your head not spinning like that?”
“Yes, I am stupid! You are very good at yourself!”
Whether he was angry or swearing, the conversation was open and the awkward feelings disappeared in an instant. Iruki asked with a worried expression.
“How are you anyway? No matter how tempered I am, should I reveal my old personality?”
Nade also covered his head as if he had a lot of regret.
“Oh, I don’t know. I didn’t even have time to think of anything else at the time. Anyway, it’s okay because we didn’t fight.”
“Because I was so cool. You may have already been erased from my memory.”
“You are laughing. Did you calculate everything after all?”
“Hey, how are you? Bow down to me.”
Their conversation ended when the door to the infirmary opened. Amy was out to meet her. Iruki scratched his head embarrassingly. As for Nade, it was still difficult for him to treat Amy comfortably.
“Well, once it happened like this. Anyway, since Sirone was protected… … .”
Tears flowed from Amy’s eyes just as she was about to gloss over it.
“thank you. Thank you, Iruki… … .”
Iruki put on a terrified expression.
“Sheesh, it’s okay.”
Emotionally weak, he entered the infirmary as if running away. But there, another mass of emotions, Seriel, was waiting with his arms wide open.
Iruki escaped from Seriel’s arms and took refuge in Shirone with the weaving technique of boxing.
‘Oh, this is why women hate it.’
Seriel and Amy, who met at the door, hugged each other and started running. In addition, Nade joined in and went round and round in the infirmary.
“Wow! live! Sirone is alive now!”
In the bright atmosphere of the tide, a soft smile appeared on Iruki’s lips. But her heart wasn’t very good. The death was postponed on paper, but nothing improved.
Sirone is still motionless as if asleep. Even after graduation, the promise to be together was vivid, but it did not feel real that the person concerned was dead.
‘Come back. I’ll wait forever.’
* * *
Sirone regained his sanity. To be precise, in a mad state, he went mad again. His mind was repeating normality and madness like a rapidly spinning coin between the N and S poles.
I was crazy a thousand times. She desperately tried to hold on to her spirit that was about to be overturned, but the huge stimulus that surged infiltrated into Sirone’s essence and changed her disposition.
“You are a given child. Your parents would have been fine with anyone other than you. Was there ever a hard time while raising you? I would have regretted it every time. I mean, I just picked it up. If it were my real parents, I wouldn’t have thought of this.”
“no! It can’t be!”
“You must be an illegitimate child. Anyone in this world can be adopted. They are not your parents.”
The cries of the soul spread as the particles of Sirone shook.
Oh oh oh oh!
“Your essence is a sneaky predator. An existence that tramples everyone with superior abilities. Your strength inevitably causes someone to fail. You are a tumor unnecessary to the world.”
Oh oh oh oh!
Sirone went crazy again. I felt like I was stinking from my mind. When the union ends like this, what will I be reconstructed into? devil? Yasha? devil? It was unknown.
The speed of impact has accelerated even more. As soon as the limit was reached, two tendencies began to coexist in Sirone’s head, which rotated from pole to pole.
It was a new world.
In an extreme mental state that no drug can reach, Sirone has finally found the only solution to maintain her sanity.
That was the starting point.
If the boundary of the cycle is called the limit, the origin is the starting point of the limit. But it contained possibilities that encompassed the entire world.
Some people call it a spot. Some call it the Spirit Zone. Some say Taegeuk. But the sorcerer called it like this.
infinite.
Sirone’s eyes widened. The spirit zone was sucked into my head, and countless particles that were scattered at superlight speed began to be restored to my mental body.
At the center of infinity, Sirone did not waver. As the voice that had been tormenting him disappeared, the intensity of his psychic body tightened like an adamantine.
The realm of gold medallion that can be reached after thousands of agony.
It was a gold mine.
Sirone gazed at the exit with a radiantly burning body. There was no more confusion. As he moved his stride, the warm, bright light of the exit penetrated his body and became one.
A small, transparent glass marble floated in front of his eyes. Inside the marble, small enough to fit in the palm of your hand, was the temple you had just stayed in, where a woman was looking up at Sirone.
“You are leaving at last. Sirone.”
“sorry. But I want to go back.”
“You don’t have to be sorry. Because I honestly thought it wouldn’t work. You deserve it.”
I didn’t expect that the woman would let go, so my steps to leave were rather heavy. Is that why? Even though she knew it had nothing to do with it, Sirone had no choice but to ask.
“Have you ever been lonely?”
The woman blinked with a puzzled expression, then smiled warmly.
“Sirone is a kind person. But God doesn’t feel alone. I’m just a little sad that you’re leaving. Very little.”
“Thank you for bringing me back to life. I really wanted to tell you this.”
For an instant, the woman’s expression became serious.
“Remember. There are no second chances. You, who have reached the stage of Vajrapani, are no longer worthy of being invited by me.”
Sirone nodded as if resolving and moved toward the exit. I felt a warm light as my mind began to be sucked into another dimension of time and space.
‘It’s finally back.’
A woman’s voice was heard in the distance.
-Please say hello to the principal.
Even in a clouded state, Sirone was suspicious. How does she know Principal Alfeas? However, her thoughts didn’t last long and she was sucked into Sirone’s body as her mental body melted away.
* * *
The 10th day of Sirone’s death.
“Mmm.”
Amy woke up rubbing her sleepy eyes. I heard her crunch as I leaned her back from her seated position in her chair. She stayed up all night, so it felt like her brain was still asleep even though her body was moving.
Looking around, the other friends haven’t woken up yet. After drinking her water and washing her face, she approached Sirone while wiping her face with a towel.
“Sirone. I will come back today… … .”
Amy groaned and held her breath. The sound of her heart beating reached her eardrums. A shudder ran up her spine and quivered down her shoulders, neck and face.
Sirone opened her eyes.
“uh? uh?”
Amy called Nade and Iruki, who were sleeping on a blanket on the floor.
“Hey, here… … here, here… … .”
No words came out. I should at least make a sound, but it felt like my throat was clogged. Amy tried a last resort. Taking a deep breath, she closed her eyes tightly and exclaimed.
“Quaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!”
Nade and Iruki jumped up at the sound of screams that seemed to leave the infirmary.
“what! what!”
to everyday life (1)
Alpheas calmed his shaking heart and held out his hand. When he saw Sirone open his eyes, even he, a certified 4th-class magician, couldn’t help but be surprised.
Currently, Sirone is under the slow magic. He probably spent the whole night just lifting his eyelids. The only way to know if he was really alive was to break the spell.
Alpheas put his hand on Sirone’s chest and turned back time. However, Sirone still showed no signs of moving. No one could have guessed what happened next. I have no choice but to follow the will of heaven.
“Huh!”
Then, Sirone breathed in and raised her upper body. The faces of the people watching nervously brightened. Sirone, on the other hand, was terrified, like someone who came back alive from hell.
“what? What happened?”
Sirone was stunned by the sudden amount of air. The world seen in the slow state was an abstract painting full of colors. As the landscape returned to normal, people’s faces were visible. Amy and her friends were crying behind Alfeas.
—————————————

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-1060.txt
=============YYYYY=============
Tomb of Information (4)
When they arrived at the counter, they were greeted by a woman with her hair hanging down to her shoulders.
“hello. This is the High Gear user registration page. Is this your first time with both of you?”
It looked like a human, but there were seams on its face and small bolts were symmetrically inserted into it.
If it’s rugged, it’s rugged, but I thought maybe it’s my preference to smell like a machine.
“Here is the first time this friend and I have the user code. May I register now?”
“yes. Please tell me the code name.”
“The son of Yolgah. Dongguk Dongguk.” Sirone turned his head in surprise, and Fermi shrugged him.
The woman’s eyes sparkled.
“Oh, you are a ranker. 7th in Dongguk ranking, son of Yolga. It is an honor to meet such a great man.”
Fermi smiled sullenly.
‘The acting is of a high quality. Well, since it’s a machine face, I don’t even need to put much effort into it.’
Tutorial manager Magneti.
There was no way that she, who manages High Gear’s real-time accessors, would not know Fermi’s identity.
Magneti said while manipulating the screen.
“According to the rules of High Gear, the privilege is activated for Yoga’s son who registers a new user. As a ‘New Face’ reward, 100 million galaxies will be paid.”
Sirone tightened his eyes and looked back at Fermi.
“hey.”
“You have to take what you can get. don’t worry. I will use 100 million galaxies for you.”
“It’s done.”
Sirone didn’t want to get involved any more.
“I’m not here for high gear. You said you could contact the operator here.”
“It’s hot-tempered.”
Fermi asked Magneti.
“Could you tell the story of the first designer of high gear? It is urgent.”
“It is against the rules to name a specific operator. If you have any suggestions, please let me know.”
” also… …
When Fermi seemed in the mood to withdraw, Ciro-Ne went up to Magneti.
“It will take a while. Once they hear my story, the operator will change their mind.”
“I’m sorry, but I can’t approve. Operators of high gear abide by their own regulations.”
“Operator? Then you are not an artificial intelligence. Are you a human on my planet?”
“… … It is a question beyond my competence.”
Her voice was monotonous, but Sirone did not miss the slight delay in her response.
“You know, what kind of situation humanity is in right now. It is the fate of the world at stake.”
“huh? of the world… …
While savoring those words, Magneti’s mechanical face began to twist strangely.
«Pu…”
And in the end I couldn’t stand it.
“Puhahaha! It’s the fate of the world. I’m going crazy! Isn’t it more serious than you thought?”
“What’s funny about that?”
When Sirone’s expression slowly grew bloody, Fermi licked his lips.
‘ also… … In Under Coder, where fakes and anonymity are prevalent, ‘sincerity’ was only a mockery.
“Are you asking what’s funny?”
When Sirone opened her eyes, Fermi said.
“calm down. This is a virtual world. No one cares whether the world perishes or not.”
“How could that be? Do you know how many people died fighting? Is this reality funny? you’re welcome. You just ran away from that reality.”
Fermi was at a loss as to how to make them understand.
“ha. So here… … Then Magneti’s smile disappeared.
“Your thoughts are your own, but you may be penalized for verbally abusing the operator. You may not be able to access High Gear for a certain period of time, or you may be permanently banished.”
“Where do you try?”
The light of the Miracle Stream burned from Sirone’s body.
“Would you be able to laugh if I attacked this place? Will you realize what reality is then?”
“You can connect again.”
Sirone’s eyebrows twitched.
“On the other hand, you will be banished forever, and you will never see me again. That’s the worst thing that can happen in this space. So do whatever you want.” “Sirone.”
Sirone never revealed her name.
“It’s funny to say this, but I’m so angry that I’ll put it to the tune just this time. This isn’t reality. You don’t know who I am on the outside. It could be a fighter fighting for the world, or a villain you hate so much.”
Fermi agreed.
Yo O”
“Neither do I know who you are. Of course, I’m also a celebrity I’ve heard of. They brag about saving the world here and now, but how would you know? When you wake up from this dream, you will be enjoying yourself using your own power.”
“I am??????!”
“Actually or not, it doesn’t matter. What really matters is that no one cares. Undercoder is such a place. So please, let reality be reality, and keep your manners here. Your seriousness is making the users here uncomfortable.”
Fermi shook his head.
‘Yeah, that’s what I meant.’
“I don’t know.”
Sirone clenched his fists.
“It’s the same person whether in real life or under coders. Even if it’s not a real body, I’m talking to a person right now. why are you ignoring me? Your world is being destroyed!”
“… … It is very true.”
Sirone was frustrated.
“How can I prove it? If I get down on my knees here, will you believe my sincerity?”
Magnety snorted.
“knee? There are countless people who become corpses because they want to feel that humans have become dogs, barking, and being dissected. A real-life serial killer takes care of the sick here. Still don’t understand? It’s all fake.”
“good.”
The Miracle Stream surged up to the ceiling.
“Then I will destroy the fake. so go back Go back, open the window and look outside.”
Magneti’s hand moved to the screen.
“… … Attacking the operator is a permanent ban. I warned you.” In the midst of instant tension, Sirone threw herself at Magneti.
” for a moment… …
When Fermi reached out his hand.
“please.”
Shirone stopped in front of the counter and touched the floor.
“I want to save the world. Too many people are suffering. There’s no way to convey the truth, so maybe you’re being tricked by me… …
Even so.
“Can’t I just be fooled? Perhaps this could save someone, even one more life.” Magneti glared at Sirone.
The face of the machine, which had been filled with emotions, became cold again.
“ha.”
Finally she opened her mouth.
“What can I tell you?”
Sirone raised her head with a surprised expression.
“There is one thing you should know. It’s the same operator, but I’m not in a position to give orders to the operator. If it’s a strange message, they won’t even respond.”
Sirone jumped up.
“huh! are you okay. If Sirone, or Yahweh, tells you that he wants to meet you… …
“Fermi.”
Fermi stopped talking.
“Please tell me that Ardino Fermi has asked for a very big business. I am sure you will be satisfied.”
Then he turned to Sirone and shrugged.
“It’s better for me, who has done business under my real name. The name Yahweh does not work here.”
“great. I sent.”
Magneti finished the transmission, but there was no response even after waiting 5 minutes.
She said as if she knew it.
“As expected, the answer… …
Beep- beep-.
At that moment, an alarm message appeared on the screen mounted in the counter.
‘It really came.’
To be honest, she didn’t expect it either.
“An answer came. I will play it now.”
As Syrone and Fermi kept their mouths shut, a strained, distorted voice flowed out.
?go away.
end? Is this the end?
While Sirone made an absurd expression, Magneti rested her chin on the counter and said,
“This is also unusual. Under Coder is a feast of many concepts, but the operator’s personality is really eccentric.”
Fermi agreed.
“If my name doesn’t work, there’s no way. Let’s get into high gear and find a way.”
“You responded anyway.”
Sirone did not give up.
“I wouldn’t have told you to quit if you really weren’t interested. Try again.”
“No, that… … As Sirone stabbed him in the side, Fermi raised his hands and was pushed to the counter.
“okay. Got it.”
Fermi turned to Magneti.
“Can I send you one more message?”
She thought there was some point in what Sirone said, so she nodded her head obediently.
“great. What shall we send?”
“Hmm.”
Fermi’s eyes changed.
“I’m thinking of putting a recording device supposedly containing data from the outside world on conditional auction… … Sirone’s head turned quickly.
“There are three conditions. First, someone with the ability to decipher the records. Second, share the data you read with me. Third, auctions are awarded on a first-come, first-served basis.”
Tapping on the screen, Magneti swallowed.
“It’s not that we don’t know each other, but if you’re interested, I thought it wouldn’t matter if I traded with you personally. more.”
Sirone’s eyes narrowed as he looked at Fermi.
‘I knew there would be a way.’
Anyway, you have to peck to listen.
“I sent.”
A loud bell sound at the end of the speech
Lee exploded, and Magnety blinked.
“Codename operator requests voice chat with operator privileges. Would you agree?”
There was nothing to ask.
Fermi nodded, and there was an exasperated voice that even modulation could not hide.
– Hey, what are you? Using the operator channel privately? I thought you were a smart guy.
“Anyway, isn’t that a tempting proposal?”
-Don’t get me wrong. I was so annoyed that I hooked it up. Do you think I’ll lose in first come, first served?
“actually… … That hasn’t been confirmed yet.”
-Where do you sell drugs? The very mention of an auction means that you haven’t been able to find a way to decipher the recording device. Didn’t you choose an extreme competitive method called first-come-first-served basis to prevent the resulting value decline?
‘Anyway, it’s tricky.’
Fermi’s expression did not change.
“Sure, but the situation is a bit delicate. If you don’t accept the offer, it’s going to be passed on to a distant child. Next to me, a robber is pointing a knife at me.
hurry.”
-What do you mean?
Sirone came out.
“Hello, Mr. Operator. My name is Sirone. I heard that The Abyss… …
-shut up. I didn’t connect you Sirone cried.
– Sirone? What do you think would change if Yahweh intervened? That kind of recording device, I don’t need it.
Fermi smiled.
“Ah, that’s not it. I can guess what they are crazy about just by looking at the things they buy at auction.”
“Don’t do that, let’s do it together. good is good, right? Make one program for The Abyss.”
A moment of silence passed.
-no. I have to do solar warfare. won’t you Then, is it eaten by Seoguk?
Sirone came out again.
“Operator-san, I don’t know what a solar cell is… …
– Get out if you don’t know. Why do you keep interfering? And how do you not know solar power? It’s stupid.
A vein stood up in Sirone’s neck.
“I don’t know. But is that more important than human life?”
-haha! You speak well. I think you’re Yahweh here too, so if you’re confident, come find me. If you defeat me in a duel, I’ll grant you any request.
Fermi sighed.
‘I don’t like this.’
It was close to impossible to defeat the Seoguk and overall ranking operator one-on-one.
“good!”
Sirone shouted.
“You, just waiting there! I’m going to smash some high gear or something!”

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-1061.txt
=============YYYYY=============
HIGH GEAR(1)
As soon as the operator ended the voice conversation, Sirone turned around and said.
“let’s go. I need to meet you right now.” Fermi realized.
“You’ve never done anything like this before, have you? The operator’s level is 487. Ranked 4th overall in the level category. On the other hand, you have to start at 1. Do you really think you can use magic on this high gear?”
“I’m guessing too. But you don’t know unless you fight for yourself, right?”
Magneti’s mouth hung open.
“Okay, listen.”
said Fermi with a sigh.
“With high gear, you can get bonus stats every time you level up. You can level up by hunting creatures, but it’s usually proportional to the amount of time you play. Because the death penalty is high, it’s better to catch a creature lower than your level. But an operator is both a user and an operator. Do you know what this means?”
“The play time is short?”
“okay. Much shorter than other users. Even so, it remains in the 4th place in the rankings. This means that you are extremely efficient hunting, and in other words, you are not simply an idiot depending on your level and equipment. Of course, the equipment is top-notch. The bonus status of 487 works there.”
Sirone nodded.
“I know it’s disadvantageous. But you have to defeat the Operator to mine the Abyss.”
“No, bully, it’s not like that… … Fermi stopped talking.
I can only say this because I have had the experience of turning many impossible things into possible.
‘It’s no use clenching your teeth in high gear. The numbers on the system are everything.’
The numbers don’t change just because they’re more desperate.
“Okay, let’s play. If you go inside, you will definitely change your mind.”
Sirone looked back at Magneti.
“How can I get in?”
“I will send it to you as a tutorial, but before that you have to create user code. Please tell me the code name you want. However, codes already preoccupied by other users cannot be used except in special cases.” In a world that wouldn’t last long anyway, a code name seemed like a good idea.
“That’s it, roughly… …
“It’s good to choose a code name carefully. 80% of High Gear’s customization features are free content, so it’s often difficult to identify a target based on appearance alone. So the code name becomes the face of the user.”
Fermi added.
“Do what you like. It’s not a matter of mood, it’s an important factor even in high gear.”
“Then I’ll take sirone.”
I wanted to stop using my real name, but that wasn’t the case.
“great. I’ll check.” Magneti, who manipulated the screen, shook his head.
“Duplicate code. There is already a user with the code name Sirone.”
“yes?”
Sirone was bewildered.
“Who is using my name?”
“In fact, borrowing a celebrity’s name is common. Above all, it becomes a household name for them. In the case of sirone, it will be traded at a fairly high value.”
“To the deal… …
“If you want Jung’s real name, how about adding a number at the end? Sirone 1234, like this.”
That didn’t seem like much.
“I am Sirone, but I don’t want to use fakes. Then how about Ariane Sirone?”
“I’ll check.”
Again, she shook her head.
“Duplicate code.”
Just when the tantrum was about to explode, Fermi suggested.
“How about Yahweh? Of course, it would be redundant, but at least you can add numbers. Because it’s a certain level.”
She only wished not to use her real name, but Sirone seriously thought about it.
Before conclusions were even drawn, Magneti confirmed.
“Duplicate code. That’s awesome. Yahweh 1 through Yahweh 12 are all overlapping. How about Yahweh 13?” Who are you?
“If there are so many for one name Yahweh, how many users of High Gear do you mean?”
said Fermi.
“There are quite a few, but not as much as you think. Those are all ghost users. Bring in real people and preoccupy them. Tramps, people with big debts. If the user dies in real life, the preemption will be released.”
Sirone’s eyes lit up.
“You kill people to sell that code name?”
“I don’t know, maybe that code name… … Magneti said.
“If you don’t like numbers, I’ll give you a referral code that includes the word Yahweh. Code that has not yet been preempted from analyzing a specific pattern of users.”
Magneti read the recommendation list.
“I am the real Yahweh. Yahweh jjangman. Yahweh I’m just right. woman Yahweh. What a disgusting hey… …
“stop.”
Magneti nodded as if he understood.
“It is very popular. If this is a recommended code, I’d say that all the code names that could be used have already been preoccupied. Well, it also means that it is as famous as it is.”
Fermi pointed.
“Is 1st place okay? I am the real Yahweh. Yahweh, the woman in 4th place, is also a good concept. Gender can be changed by using paid content.”
“no. no.”
Fermi laughed.
“Well, it seems like you’re immersed in high gear anyway, so that’s not bad. Then how about this method? You’re buying a platinum codename.”
Magneti added right away.
“Platinum code name is paid content. It doesn’t matter if the code name is duplicated because it looks golden. Of course, competition for first place is fierce here too, but the price is quite high, so the odds of getting a decent code name are pretty high.”
“How are you?”
“100 million galaxies.”
It was the amount Fermi received as a referral reward.
“Besides, there is a purchase limit, so you can only do it once. Again, codenames are your face within High Gear.”
“Hmm. How much is 100 million galaxies worth? I have no idea at all.”
“It is not low. The 100 million galaxy that Yolga’s son received is the highest amount in the referral reward. The amount of compensation varies depending on the ranking of the recommender.”
Magneti raised her index finger.
“However, the reason why 100 million can’t be said to be high is because values vary widely according to standards. For example, if you want to satisfy your hunger, even 1-point food will be fine. But there are also 100 million pieces of food in the world. When scarcity is the standard, there is no limit to luxury. The same goes for high gear, and even a slight difference in performance can increase the value by more than 100 million times.”
said Fermi.
“Go platinum. It’s the money I received as a referral reward, so it’s right to spend it on you, but you have to clear a certain section to do a ‘normal currency exchange’. If your goal is to defeat the operator above all else, 100 million galaxies won’t be worth the price of a snack.”
“haha! It is.”
Magneti smiled and quickly
He hid his expression.
“Then I’ll retrieve the code with Platinum.”
She narrowed her eyes.
“uh? Yahweh has already been preoccupied, but Yahweh 2 can be used. Yahweh 3 and Yahweh 4 were also preoccupied, but Yahweh 2 was empty… …
said Fermi.
“Perhaps if the user dies.”
“yes. In fact, a lot of codes have been erased since the psychic realm was opened. Of course, the number of preemption increased as the opposite benefit. Perhaps this was expunged recently.”
Fermi recommended Sirone.
“How about doing this? Even if it’s not original, it’s worth investing 100 million galaxies at this level.”
Sirone’s eyes widened.
“Yahweh 2… …
I felt like I could understand why people are obsessed with code names.
Magneti comforted him.
“You may not like it, but there is hope. It is to become the ranker of the duel category. If you’re in the top 100, you’ll get the privilege of changing your code name. Even if it’s another user’s codename, the ranker gets exclusive rights.”
“Yes, I will take Yahweh 2. Whatever the code name is, please let it in now.”
Fermi looked at his watch.
“Then I’ll be connected soon. After the tutorial, come straight to the city of Atogram. Let’s meet tomorrow evening at Freedom Square there.”
It was a world without magic, so no matter how fast you moved, it would take half a day.
Fermi asked Magneti.
“I will go first. Please send it to the memory of incarnation. Son of the codename Yolgah.”
“Send. The last place I remember is the Mountains of Thunder, the Tomb of the Giant Machine.”
A circular blue light was created at Fermi’s feet, and his body disintegrated into the void.
Sirone, who was curiously watching the scene, turned her head to Magneti’s words.
“Then I will register Yahweh 2 as a user code. When the incarnation finishes scanning, it moves automatically.”
A circular ring formed under Sirone’s feet, but it did not disintegrate as quickly as Fermi’s.
I felt a strange sense of restraint.
“Are you a bit embarrassed?”
“You are too sensitive. Users accessing High Gear will have special coding in their incarnation. Otherwise, the numerical values in the simulation cannot be interlocked. Incarnation is also subject to restrictions. It is a kind of lock, without which the event cannot be triggered. Also, be aware that if you voluntarily destroy the system, you will be considered an illegal user and all rights will be deprived.”
“Is that common?”
“no. No user in the history of High Gear has ever destroyed a system with Incarnation. But this time the case is different.”
It was the real Yahweh.
By the time the explanation was over, Sirone’s incarnation began to dissolve like bubbles.
Before leaving, I thought of something to say.
“Hey, Mr. Magneti. Thank you earlier. Thanks for contacting the operator…
“Does it again.”
Magneti rested her chin on the table and smiled.
“Would you have told me? This is a fake world. It’s a place where fake names, fake faces, and all sorts of lies run rampant. If you overlook that point, no matter how strong you are, you will suffer quite a bit.”
“But you recognized my sincerity. Mr. Magneti must be a good person in real life too.”
“… … It is an honor.”
Even though she knew she shouldn’t be like this, she opened her mouth.
“Sirone, I think so. Even though the world is fake, that’s why the people here are real. In reality, we are bound by numerous constraints. They decorate and hide many things in order not to disgrace their name or face.” “But there is none of that here. The world of high gear is where the nature of living things is exposed. Don’t expect anything like today. Mr. Sirone, too, will thoroughly become Yahweh2 and live. So please… … no matter what happens
“I hope you don’t get hurt.”
“ah??????
Sirone’s voice permeated the air, and particles of light ascended to the ceiling.
Magneti’s voice was heard in the empty castle.
“New user registration completed.”

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-1062.txt
=============YYYYY=============
HIGH GEAR(2)
Sirone couldn’t move.
I felt the inertia of being sucked somewhere while my body was stiff like a piece of wood.
The blue light that seemed to flow along the wires continued, and at some point, darkness came.
‘Is the event starting?’ Since when have you closed your eyes? Kurleung. Kurleung.
When I opened my eyelids at the sound of thunder, I saw the sky covered with clouds like sludge.
My eyes were half-closed as the cold raindrops fell.
“Hehehe! I found it! He said he found a wild dog.”
I tried to look up at the voice I heard from under my feet, but the chain was pressing down on my neck.
‘It’s tied up.’
He was lying on a board with a thick chain wrapped around his body.
A man with a long chain tied to a board slung over his shoulder muttered as he walked across the muddy water.
“Damn them. How dare you ignore my achievements?”
While listening to the man’s words, Sirone checked her mental state.
‘Hmm, I can’t do magic or incarnation either.’
Perjury is impossible in the incarnation.
Although it was a decision made by Sirone himself, there was no rejection reaction.
‘this… … Can I quit?’
It didn’t seem like it was a code that couldn’t be destroyed if you made up your mind to attack the realm of Yahweh.
‘Even so, it’s a really strong code. Your coding skills seem to surpass Shura’s.’
I wondered what the man’s expression would look like if he broke the chain and got up.
‘I won’t be able to see it anyway.’
There was a high possibility that the event itself would be stopped the moment it was out of the designer’s intention.
“me… …
At that time, Sirone’s mouth moved on its own.
“Where are you taking me, release this bastard quickly!”
The man turned his head.
“Hehehe! Are you awake? you are lucky You will be able to live forever.”
“no! Bring me back to where I live!”
“It’s already too late. So why are you crawling into the dump? Like a rat, I will live inside the building.”
“Aww! Aaaaaa!”
Sirone shook his head and struggled.
‘I’m dizzy.’
My mind was still comfortable, but it was a bit unfamiliar that my vision was not controlled.
“ha! ha!”
Even the sound of his terrified breathing did not seem to be his own.
“I’m here. They said they came.”
I saw the door open in line of sight with the ground, and immediately the ceiling approached.
I was on something like a narrow operating table along the slope, and only then did I see the man’s face.
The mechanical man, whose skin was peeling off in tatters, had gleaming blue eyes.
“Do you know what this is?”
He held out the sphere device.
‘I don’t know.’
Sirone wanted to speak, but the event forced him to tremble.
“High gear. A semi-permanent power engine. With this, you too can enjoy eternal life.”
“no! don’t do it!”
The man ignored Sirone’s answer and turned his back to the table.
“Let’s start with an introduction. I am Dr. Martin. Jae-Ji, the developer of High Gear and an unfortunate genius. If you’re a genius, you’ve only made one mistake in your life. But that one mistake made me this way.”
What Martin took out was an ax that was half rusted.
“What is that mistake? That’s what gave trash like you eternal life. damn it Eternal life is irrevocable. In fact, high gear is a godsend. As long as there is sunlight, there is no need to eat or sleep.”
Zururo sl*t
?’ ? O 9 1 ~ ? o ?
The sound of grinding an ax blade was heard.
“What I overlooked is that you guys are the scum of garbage. Even when I cured an incurable disease and developed a drug that did not age, they treated me like a god. There was no city in which a statue of Martin had not been erected. But when it comes to giving eternal life… …
Martin shook his head.
“Are these things trying to kill me now?”
Even while breathing heavily, Sirone gradually became interested in his story.
“He was trying to become a new god by killing me and monopolizing my technology. that’s how i got kicked out it was horribly ruined But I didn’t give up. Those who oppose God will be punished. Hee hee! Yes, it is a punishment.”
said Martin, stroking the hilt lovingly, with a mad look on his face.
“Because I stole the sun.”
There were many more questions he wanted to ask, but his mouth didn’t open, and Martin finished all preparations.
“High gear, you know, will replace your heart. A huge number of nanomachines run through your veins. Your brain will soon be eaten too. It doesn’t matter if your arm is cut off, and it would be nice to have an excavator attached to it. There is no such thing as an immune response.”
With the ax over his shoulder, Martin showed Sirone high gear once more.
It didn’t beat like a heart, but blue electricity circulated regularly along the lens-like groove.
“I am human! It’s not a monster, o] you son of a bitch!”
It was an unfamiliar stimulus to spit out a language that I would not have normally used.
“Then let’s begin. Hehehe! Hee hee hee!”
Martin put his high gear on the table, spat on his palm, and raised the ax in both hands.
“no! go away!”
Sirone’s vision faltered again, and Martin raised the ax overhead.
“I will eat your heart!”
As much as the moment he rushed, no matter how much the simulation was, there was no choice but to be dizzy.
“Aww! no! not… … Martin’s help before the deathbed is over
The wind plunged into Sirone’s stomach.
‘Huh!’
The moment I felt my heart pounding, my vision darkened and I heard a woman’s voice.
“Start customizing.”
When he came to his senses, the damp laboratory disappeared and was surrounded by mirrors.
As I looked at my naked body reflected in the mirror, numerous gauges floated beside me.
“This is a space for processing the user’s body shape. Make the shape you want, and give me the order to finish it.”
A cursory glance revealed that all the items necessary for three-dimensional design were listed, and some were locked.
‘Is this a paid content?’
While examining items such as gender conversion, deformity, and deformity, Sirone made a decision.
“complete. I’ll do it.”
Unlike other users, Sirone, who logged in as a problem in reality, felt a sense of resistance to the shape change.
“Customization is finished.”
My vision darkened again, revealing a hazy landscape as if I was intoxicated.
“Quack. Fight, fight.”
I heard Martin’s voice.
Sirone realized that he was being dragged across the floor with the chains loose.
“You half-life who cannot live without the sun. destroy each other Fight endlessly.”
Arriving at the sheer cliff, Martin shouted, pulling Cy Lorne by the feet.
“This is God’s punishment!” The moment I felt the acceleration of gravity, the medicine ran out and my senses returned.
“Huh”
After you finally regained your physical freedom, you centered yourself around the world and saw the far-off ground.
‘Isn’t it incredibly high?’
If he fell like this without countermeasures, his limbs and even his torso would be smashed.
-Start the artificial intelligence program.
Then I heard a mechanical sound in my head.
“huh?”
The retina was covered with a blue film, and a lot of information was expressed in augmented reality.
– High gear level 1. Energy output.
An enormous amount of energy radiated from the heart and enveloped Sirone’s entire body.
“Wow.”
The strong power offset the fear, but it was still a height where a fatal wound could not be avoided.
-Kinetic energy reduction mechanism.
A red circle was drawn on the landscape, and the probability changed in real time along the attachment line.
‘61.7 percent.’
Sirone found a rock sticking out of the cliff and grabbed it.
“Keugh!”
The rock broke with an impact that seemed to dislodge the arm and began to fall down again.
As the falling speed decreased, more recommended patterns emerged, and the probability was much higher.
Coo coo kung!
After stepping on the rock wall a few times, Sirone landed safely on the ground.
– Location navigation. It is the beginner’s zone, the home of iron.
Feeling the cold wind, I looked around and saw countless piles of scrap metal blocking my view.
Augmented reality informed the information of the object.
‘Are they all weapons or armor?’
Helmets, rifles, grenades, etc., were things that did not need to be made in Sirone’s world.
Ta-ta-ta-tata-tang!
A gunshot sounded faintly through the pile of scrap metal.
‘I’ll have to arm myself.’
Then, a beep sound was heard, and a picture of a letter appeared in Sirone’s right eyeball.
-Would you like to see some beginner tips?
“Read.”
Details that could not be heard in the tutorial were written tightly.
“Hmm, there are a total of three user statuses. Artificial intelligence level, engine power level, selective options.”
Since Sirone was currently level 1, there were no bonuses attached to any items.
“Once you do it, you will know.”
After roughly grasping the system, Sirone checked the annoying parts next.
‘Neither magic nor incarnation can be used.
but… …
11 senses remained.
‘Is this part of the beginner’s tip?’
The combat power of high gear is calculated mathematically, but there are cases where this is not possible.
‘Well, it’s because I can’t quantify things like judgment and quickness. If the feeling is the same… …
After thinking for a moment, Sirone opened her eyes like a rabbit.
“Good?”
With hopes of defeating the Operator, Cirone excitedly rummaged through the scrap metal pile.
Putting on an old helmet, he took a rifle and a pistol, and put the magazine through the belt.
It weighed over 10 kilograms, but it didn’t feel heavy.
‘High gear.’
The power unit that replaces the heart was releasing explosive energy every time it cycled.
‘Is this a level 1 output? Then, if you become a ranker, how far will you go… … ‘
The corners of his mouth went up in a rising shudder.
“good! Let’s get started!”
Sirone tapped her helmet and took her first step into the virtual world with one step at a time.
200 meters away from it.
“It’s here, it’s here.”
A long-haired man stood atop a pile of scrap metal, aiming a rifle at Sirone.
When level 7 artificial intelligence implemented augmented reality, a code name appeared above the target.
“The code name is Yahweh 2. Hey, is it platinum?”
Taking his gaze off the sights, he blinked.
‘A raw bio with no parts. An old helmet that can only be obtained at the initial point. And platinum.’
The conclusion was one.
“haha.”
In order to preoccupy an expensive code name, he brought in an insignificant guy in reality.
‘It’s been a while since I caught a fish.’
When I put my hand on the trigger, the artificial intelligence automatically aimed at Sirone’s helmet.
‘An old helmet is a good item, but a level 7 AI calculates penetration, and this is it.’
This difference is very important.
This is because the brain is the only organ in High Gear that cannot be replaced with parts.
‘The calculation is slow, but it’s a downside.’ The number next to the aim changed in real time, and then it was fixed at 98% penetration rate.
‘Goes.’
When he pulled the trigger, a gunshot went off.
At the same time, Sirone twisted her body, and the bullets grazed her in the blink of an eye.
The long-haired man opened his mouth blankly.
“Uh, how?”
If the AI level was high, it would have detected the sniper’s presence from the beginning.
“Dodge bullets with nothing?” The code name Yahweh 2 twinkled in the eyes of the man who seemed to have lost his soul.

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-1063.txt
=============YYYYY=============
HIGH GEAR(3)
Shirone, who reflexively twisted her body in a chilling feeling, realized it only after moving.
‘sniping?’
It felt a little different from the real world, but the 11 senses were working normally.
Calculating the trajectory, Sirone spotted the man atop a pile of scrap metal piled high like a garden.
Perhaps it was the limit of level 1, but belatedly, as the artificial intelligence worked, the code name came to mind.
‘Colonoscopy.’
The colonoscopist, code-named colonist, who realized it earlier than Sirone, withdrew his rifle and stood up.
‘damn! what is that guy Did you get any weird perks? No, there is no such privilege.’
Although he was level 7, his time in high gear was no less than that of a ranker.
Level 1 couldn’t avoid the bullet unless there was a new update that he didn’t know about.
‘I don’t know if it’s a guy who can avoid it with his bare body in reality.’
But is it possible?
The colonoscopist, who had been watching Yahweh 2 with an uneasy expression, took the strand in the direction of retreating.
‘It must be noisy in the hometown of iron.’ Shirone shouted as the colonoscopy quickly turned and disappeared opposite him.
“at there!”
He kicked off the ground and leaped about 2 meters, but it was impossible to use magic in reality.
“damn!”
By the time the sniper arrived, the man had already completely disappeared.
Judging by the time it ran, it meant that it was much faster than Sirone.
‘It’s a sniping from the beginning.’
I had a hunch when the weapons were piled up like a mountain, but I couldn’t figure out why.
‘What’s the point of killing me when I’m just starting out? I have nothing to take.’
It wasn’t even written in the beginner’s tips.
“good! Start again!”
Cirone, who came down from the scrap metal pile, moved forward with her senses sharpened.
After exiting the entrance, strange things wandered around where the damaged aircraft collapsed.
At first glance, it looks like a rodent, but if you look closely, it’s all made of machines.
Their information appeared in augmented reality.
‘Metal Rat. A type of creature.’
The information was limited due to the level limit, but there was something I heard from Fermi.
‘Aha, grab that and level up… … Thinking that it was good that it was not a living thing, Sirone pointed his rifle forward.
The pattern of the metal rat was simple.
It clung to the large aircraft and gnawed at the iron for 2 seconds, then hurriedly moved away.
“Hmm.”
Sirone felt that the evolution of the machine was strange.
‘It seems to be moving non-stop to avoid predators. It’s also a pattern that is conscious of long-distance attacks.’
Thus, two seconds would have been the golden ratio between feeding and survival.
‘If you move too fast, you can’t eat iron, and if you stay too long, you’ll be sniped. If those numerous cases have established the current pattern through generations… …
Sirone decided on a hunting method.
‘At the moment it gnaws at the gas… … When I put my eyes on the sight, artificial intelligence automatically corrected the aiming point.
Actually, the angle of the shoulder and wrist was off, but it wasn’t unpleasant because the synchronization was over.
‘Now.’
The rifle opened fire.
Level 1 AI didn’t even catch the recoil, so two of the four shots hit.
Kang! Kang!
As the Metal Rat limped away with a shrill scream, Sirone turned.
‘again.’
bang! bang! bang! bang!
Accuracy increased when I shot it with a single shot to reduce recoil, and the metal rat was pushed away every time the sparks exploded.
Kiyi… … .
Luminous liquid flowed from a hole in the abdomen, and finally the action stopped.
“Caught.”
Information appeared in augmented reality.
The experience gauge went up quickly, and the number of 103 EXP flickered.
‘It’s up a third. If I catch two more, I’ll level up.’
Sirone, who ran the momentum and searched the surroundings, was able to quickly hunt two more.
“Level up!”
As bright light flooded the retina, the level of the main augmented reality page changed to 2.
“Bonus points.”
When I opened the status window, the number +1 was marked next to the three items.
There seems to be no special change in artificial intelligence, but the change in output was felt by the body.
‘It’s gotten stronger.’
It was uncomfortable to say that it was a machine rather than a heart, but to be honest, it was a vibration close to pleasure.
“Okay, that’s right. Let’s go all the way to Ranker.” I felt like I could understand the feelings of people who were obsessed with high gear. Savoring the powerful engine, sirone
roamed the hometown of iron at will.
There were various types of creatures, but the difficulty was not higher than the metal rat pattern.
“Ahh, it’s level 3.”
By hunting seven of them, the level went up and the artificial intelligence got a new function.
‘Hmm, 20 percent recoil correction. Ten shots in a row will hit two more. But what are the selective options? I raised the level to 3, but there is no change.’
Gradually, Fermi’s absence was regrettable, but hunting creatures was still much more fun.
As we advanced a little further, the sharp scraping of iron was heard from a remote place.
When I put my back on the corner and poked my head out, I saw a huge quadrupedal machine lying down.
At the center of the machine, over thirty Metal Rats were huddled together.
‘Isn’t that a lot?’
The sound of gnawing iron was loud, and no creatures left their seats.
‘When they gather as a group, they don’t move. Or is there a secret to that aircraft?’
One thing came to Sirone’s mind.
‘It’s a good experience.’
When I thought of the experience I would get from annihilating the Metal Rats, my mechanical heart skipped a beat.
Thinking it was finally time to use it, Sirone pulled out a grenade and held it up.
‘Pull out the safety pin… …
As I was executing the manual that popped up on my left retina, someone suddenly jumped up from behind the quadrupedal walking machine.
“hey! Are you crazy?” When Sirone looked up, he saw a heavily armed boy raising his axe eye.
‘Destruction Demon 707.’
It was the platinum codename.
As the metal rats began to scatter in all directions, Destruction Demon God 707 grabbed the helmet.
“Ah, sir! Everyone runs away! Hey, catch up quickly! Get experience points!”
A red-haired girl who had been hiding behind a pile of scrap metal jumped out and shouted.
“Catch what! It’s already too late!” Taking no damage from her, the Metal Rat was incredibly nimble, sneaking through the cracks like her c*ckroaches.
While Sirone was staring at the safety pin, a skinny man appeared from the other side.
‘That person is also platinum.’
The code name was ‘strongest code name’.
He approached Sirone with his rifle pointed and let out a cold voice.
“Are you quarreling with us now?”
“huh? dispute?”
“You broke the trap. I barely collected them, so are you going to eat them raw? A mean child.”
Just then, the Demon God of Destruction 707 arrived.
“Hey, Yahweh 2! This kid is real! Do you have platinum on your forage? high gear
Would you like me to fold it?”
said the girl.
“stop. Tenman will come soon. I mean, I don’t want to meet them.”
It was codenamed ‘Death Princess’.
“excuse me… … sorry if i did something wrong If there is a way to compensate, I will.”
The Demon God of Destruction 707 shouted.
“Sounds like a reward! on the topic of biotechnology. Guys, should I just kill them?”
The strongest codename shook his head.
“The damage is too great. The equipment is all free, and you won’t have a galaxy. Let’s take it right away.”
Princess Death pointed at Sirone.
“Don’t be silly and follow me. If I break and die, I know I won’t be able to get out of the starting point.”
As a beginner tip, if you die in high gear, you may lose your parts and galaxy.
It was a fairly large penalty, but even if he killed Sirone, who was now penniless, it was equivalent to letting him go.
‘It’s better.’
Sirone needed information to get to the city he had promised with Fermi, so Sirone followed them.
“Ah, sir! It’s even harder to get out of the iron home. We should let you hunt.”
“Let’s try one more time. If you use this guy, you can make traps in no time.”
Sirone asked.
“Do you know where the attogram is? I was supposed to meet a friend there, but there must be some way to make up for it.”
“Hong, do you see us as water? You’re doing this because you can’t go to the Attogram. If you just go there, Mr… … It’s not even my job to restore parts.”
“Why can’t you go?”
Death Princess said.
“Because the Tenmen are blocking it. I’m so sick of it I’m going to die Why is the operator standing still?”
“What is Tenman?”
God of Destruction 707 was absurd.
“What the hell do you know? I didn’t even know that, but I got into high gear pretty well.”
“I got some help.”
The strongest code name said.
“It must be a code name business. Yahweh 2 will be expensive. The friend from Attogram is actually a merchant, right?”
“Uh, what… … similar.”
God of Destruction 707 giggled.
“You got it right. OK, let me tell you about your bleak future. By asking me to come to the Attogram, I mean they’re going to auction off your code name there. Because the killing order fell, there were a lot of code launderers. But the problem is the hometown of iron. This is the only place with a level restriction, so access is impossible.”
“What is the level limit?”
“10. That’s why I’m Tenman. It’s just a beginner’s hunt with only level 10. When they go hunting, they come in groups, kill them, and give them all sorts of insults.”
“Why do you do that? They get nothing out of locking them in the beginner’s area.”
“Because it’s fun.”
God of Destruction 707 turned his head.
“Of course I do it because it’s fun. Anyway, the numbers are so high that the three of us can’t break through.”
“Then this is the end, right?”
“Not really. When new users gather, then it’s an all-out war. Or wait for a large guild to do a massive code laundering. In that case, 30 to 40 people come in at the same time, but they are good at it, so they just push away Tenmen.”
Sirone twitched his lips.
‘This Fermi bastard.’
I left out the most important information and told him to come to Attogram by tomorrow evening.
The strongest code name said.
“There is one more way… … Honestly, it’s annoying.”
“huh? How?”
“Give them what they ask for. They record it, but there are rumors that they ask for a large amount of money as a condition for deleting the video after the level rises. If it’s true, they don’t just do it for fun.”
Death Princess added.
“There are various rumors about Ten Man, but there is no need to worry too much. After all, if you leave the iron hometown, there will be nothing to see again. The reason we made traps was to level them up all at once. If you hunt one by one, Tenman will come and kill you before you know it.”
God of Destruction 707 said.
“You are lucky. Were you still hunting? Originally, I should have been caught by Ten-Man right away.”
“No, I met you at the starting point too. I was just starting out, and they suddenly sniped me.”
“If it’s a sniper… … Sir, the chief eunuch by any chance?”
“Oh, right.”
“haha! You were also unlucky. That guy has some skills. Is that why she interrupted us? Are you trying to take your anger out because you keep dying from Ten Man?”
“It is really a mistake. And he didn’t die either. It didn’t appear after I avoided it once.”
“damage? avoid what?”
“sniping. It was close, but.”
Silence passed.
The three stared blankly at Sirone.
In the middle, God of Destruction 707 burst into laughter.
“Puhahaha! Kill the bluff! what? Avoid sniping? So you’re saying you dodged a bullet?”
“No, what happened to that was a terrifying life.
As Sirone, who reflexively threw her body, rolled on the floor, bullets rained from all sides.
“damn! Tenman!”
The three people, lying flat, crawled on their stomachs, but they were too far from cover.
‘He died without moving.’
However, only the sound of gunfire was heard loudly, and no one was shot.
“what?”
Their eyes, which looked behind them while they were crawling, shook in shock.
About 11 Tenmen.
There was only one person they were aiming for, and Yahweh 2 was running barefoot between the trajectories of the bullets.
‘Do you really avoid it?’
Destroyer God 707, trying to understand somehow, grimaced and muttered.
“… … Isn’t this a bug?”

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-1064.txt
=============YYYYY=============
HIGH GEAR(4)
Those who fired crossfire at Sirone were thinking the same thing.
‘what’s this?’
It’s not particularly fast or elegant.
‘A very subtle difference.’
‘Tenman No. 10’, who is in charge of leading Tenman, looked at the situation from a high place.
‘It’s a very subtle difference.’
It was a few centimeters of gap that AI’s automatic aiming couldn’t catch.
‘It’s okay to look and avoid. But is it possible? Even if it’s a level 10 AI… …
It didn’t make sense to see bullets.
‘System error. Should I make a formal offer? I don’t want to get involved with the operator.’
Tenman’s activity of hunting beginners was, in a sense, abusing the system.
Tenman number 10 shouted.
“Get rid of blind spots! Do not aim at the target, but anticipate the shot into space!”
As the bullets blocked the bow, the steps of Sirone, who was running toward the high ground, began to twist.
‘this??????!’
The moment I twisted my body, I saw a black bullet spinning 1 meter in front of me.
Sirone concentrated more.
Spirit Zone is impossible, but the mechanism of concentration itself is unmatched.
11 As the sensitivity soared to the limit, the rotation of the bullet slowed to the point of being visible.
‘It’s almost blocked.’
Giving up on occupying the hill, Sirone threw herself into the only way out.
As I entered the hollow of the scrap heap, countless bullets hit the edge.
The sound of breaking iron deafened my ears.
“Whoa!”
The flow of time returned, and Sirone counted the numbers with his back to the enemies.
‘one two… …
focus again.
‘three!’
As I jumped up and turned around, black dots were embedded in the slow scenery.
Sirone raised a rifle.
Aimed at the head of an enemy 20 meters away before the AI could even catch its aim.
One bullet passed through countless bullets and penetrated the helmet.
“Cheak!”
The enemy fell backwards with a bang and tumbled down the pile of scrap metal.
Tenman No. 10’s eyebrows twitched.
‘ Penetrate?’
The hit Tenman couldn’t move and after a while disappeared to the starting point.
“Hmm.”
Something is strange.
‘Even if it’s a system error, it’s too serious? According to Tenman’s research, Yahweh 2’s level is 3.’
It was a fact that only came out if you knew how many creatures you caught.
‘It’s all about 20 percent recoil compensation. Penetration is impossible even with slight curvature. Accurately aimed at the point of penetration at the moment of the rain of bullets?’
No conclusion has been reached yet.
Even while he was lost in thought, Sirone was eliminating Tenmen one by one.
When the number was reduced to 7, the strongest codename hiding behind cover said.
“Let’s fight too.”
Death Princess was unwilling.
“it’s crazy? If you get caught by those guys, you can’t even get out of the starting point. This code name, 100 million galaxies.”
“Already filmed. If you can’t get through here, you’ll have to wash the codename again. If you send only 1 trillion Ten Men back to the starting point, you can go out of the hometown of iron.”
“Then if we die, we have to start over from the starting point. Let’s just watch and think about it when Yahweh 2 annihilates it. If you get hit, you can just run away.”
God of Destruction 707 agreed.
“that’s right. The risk factor is too great. you don’t have to fight Besides, he owes us money.”
“Can’t you see I’m dodging bullets?”
The strongest codename looked back at his friends.
“Do you think we can catch him even if the three of us rush in? What if Yahweh 2 kills us?” “just do it. let’s go out If I miss this opportunity, I don’t know how long I will have to stay here.”
God of Destruction 707 frowned.
“Ah, sir… …
Using that as a signal flare, three people came out of cover at the same time and fired their rifles.
“Eat this, motherF*ckers!” A shot was fired from the wrong direction
Tenman’s firepower was distributed to both sides.
As the number of injuries piled up, Sirone shot the downed Tenman with a headshot.
‘100% accuracy?’
Tenman number 10’s face was distorted.
‘It’s annoying.’
Tenman’s artificial intelligence, which was limited to level 10, was unable to subdue Yahweh 2.
“Let’s see.”
He jumped off the top of the scrap metal pile and ended the recording while running to the hideout.
A video file was created.
‘illegal program… … . A large guild must be involved. Is it Dongguk? Or Seoguk?’
As long as you make money anywhere, it’s enough.
Tenman number 10 contacted someone with the communication function of the selective option.
Communication Level 10: User codename Sancho.
” Leader.”
he said softly.
“Close the exit.” God of Destruction 707 gasped for breath.
“hurry! hurry!”
The bullet belt he was wearing was dangling, and the helmet with the chin strap loosened knocked on his head.
Sirone caught up and asked.
“Why are you in such a hurry?”
“We have to get out of the Iron Home before the Ten Men gather! Give up fighting from now on. I will run to the exit unconditionally.”
“Then what if you come after me?”
Death Princess said.
“As long as you leave the iron hometown, it will be over. From then on, even if you die, you will be resurrected at a different starting point.”
“aha.”
After all, it was a step difference.
“We are almost there. but… …
The face of the strongest codename darkened at the loud gunfire from the exit.
“It must be difficult to penetrate.”
Ten men who died a while ago should still be at the starting point, but there were more than 10 of them.
Sirone set up a strategy.
“I will fight, so get out of the way.”
“what? Then what about you?”
“I can fight again even if I die, but you guys are a good chance. Do as I say.”
The three exchanged glances.
‘A funny guy? That’s right.’
Saying you would sacrifice yourself for someone you don’t know in high gear. Sirone said with a smile. “Instead of that, you don’t have any debt anymore?” In fact, stealing prey in high gear was a common occurrence under the logic of power.
“Sheesh! You’re making a bad guy for no reason.” 707, the Demon God of Destruction, pressed the helmet firmly and shouted as it jumped forward.
“Absolutely get out! As long as you get out of here, I’ll make you hot!”
“Please, hero.”
The strongest code name he spat out followed, and Princess Death looked back at Sirone.
“thank you.”
Sirone’s heart swelled.
‘It’s not fake.’
Even in a world where everything is made up of lies, there are people living in it.
‘Then I can fight.’
After taking out three grenades, Sirone pulled out the safety pin with her teeth and ran.
“It’s here!”
At the same time as he shouted, grenades flew, and the Tenmen started shooting from all sides.
Aaaaaaaang!
Amidst the roar of the explosion, the Demon God of Destruction 707 and the others ran and scattered.
“Aww! Aaaaaa!”
Even in the simulation world, the tension of running ahead of the goal line was beyond imagination.
‘I’m going! i’m going out! If I die here, I’ll be ashamed of myself and quit my high gear!’ The grenade exploded and the ground shook. 707, the God of Destruction who threw his body, crawled on the ground.
‘I was just trying to stop it. It’s all because of that guy. If you’re sincere like that… …
no more fake
He got up from the haze, unable to see an inch ahead, and ran recklessly.
‘please! please!’
For a moment, a human silhouette was visible outside the smoke.
“Ahh!”
I stopped in a hurry, but the collision was unavoidable and the two rolled on the floor.
“hey! are you okay?”
When I opened my eyes, I saw the face of Princess Death, and the strongest code name was standing next to me.
“no way?”
Location information appeared on the retina of Destruction Demon 707.
wasteland of electrons.
“It came out.”
Raising his upper body, he looked back toward Iron’s hometown, not even having time to like it.
“What about Yahweh 2?”
Yahweh 2 was seen bleeding from his thigh as the dead Tenmen disappeared one by one.
“Sheesh! anyway… … !”
As the Demon God of Destruction 707 prepared to run, the strongest codename grabbed his shoulder.
“stop. If you enter now, the starting point will be reset. We should be here.”
“it’s crazy? Can’t beat that.” God of Destruction 707 saw the code name Sancho.
“It’s parts.”
Sancho’s right arm was so gigantic that it was hard to believe it belonged to a human.
Unique Item Crane.
It was a level 10-only part that could be obtained with an extremely low probability in the hometown of iron.
Sancho turned to Tenman 10 as Sirone gasped and glared at him.
“Is that the guy you were talking about?”
Tenman No. 10, who was kneeling on one knee with his stomach clenched, nodded.
“do it faster. i die soon Grab it before handing it over to the operator. It will be money.”
“Geuk, good money.”
When Sancho raised his right arm, dozens of cylinders mounted on the crane moved simultaneously.
“Yahweh 2. nice code name Kneel down once. If you crawl through my crotch, I’ll let you out.”
Sirone asked.
“Why play like this? Fighting is content, but there is no need to shame them.”
Sancho opened his arms.
“What’s different about getting out of here? To be honest, who among these guys hasn’t been broken by a ranker?”
God of Destruction 707 and the others nodded.
“Issuing a killing order, taking pictures of them, disassembling the items I’ve collected over the years, and raising people who flatter me. Are there any differences between us?”
“I guess so. But the user who did that to you is not here.”
“So it is.”
When the 10th level high gear was activated, the huge craner lifted lightly like a feather.
“It’s fun.”
Sancho grabs a vehicle that weighs over a ton
was
“What are you surprised about? Are you seeing the parts for the first time?”
The scrap metal was bent and firmly fixed in his hand, and explosive energy was emitted.
“Yaaaa!”
When the iron ball was thrown like a cannon, Sirone threw herself with her eyes wide open.
“Keugh!”
He rolled on the floor and fired his rifle, but the back of Crayner’s hand deflected all the bullets.
“Hahaha! I am the king here!” Sancho threw huge things at random.
bang! bang! bang! bang!
Sirone dodged with all his might, but his injured leg was numb.
‘It’s embarrassing. That mechanical arm can’t be pierced with a gun. The only way is to hit from the rear… …
The problem was the difference in power.
“damn! If Yahweh 2 was level 10 or even level 8, he would have won. Crainers are large parts.”
When power is concentrated in one part, it is normal for the output of other parts to drop.
Death Princess pointed to the battlefield.
“I-over there… … !” Sancho, who had driven Sirone to a dead end, violently raised his right arm.
“It’s over!”
When the high gear produced maximum power, the crane moved at a tremendous speed.
‘I can’t avoid it.’
In the slow flow of time, Sirone saw the scratches on the steel fist.
At that moment, Scratch shook and the fist began to deviate from its original trajectory.
‘ vibration.’
At the same time, as I twisted my waist to the other side, Krainer hit the scrap metal behind me with a bang.
‘Now!’
Cirone, who caught Sancho for the first time, immediately raised his rifle and aimed it at his head.
Ta-ta-ta-tata-tang!
It was a headshot, no doubt.
“Gagging!”
The tall Sancho collapsed, and Sirone gasped for breath and thought.
‘Why did the parts shake?’
It’s because you missed the sound while you were concentrating.
“Yahweh2, are you okay?”
Sirone suddenly turned his head.
“you… …
God of Destruction 707, the strongest code name, Death Gong Ju entered Iron’s hometown.
Smoke rose from their rifles.

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-1065.txt
=============YYYYY=============
Dongguk and Seoguk (1)
Sirone guessed the situation.
The Demon God of Destruction 707 and the others fired a volley and slightly distorted the crane’s trajectory.
‘You came back to save me.’
The angle was only around 10 degrees, but it was the only way out for Sirone, who was in a super-concentrated state.
“thank you. Thanks to… …
“you idiot!”
Suddenly, the eyes of the God of Destruction 707 widened and immediately turned around and ran.
“What are you doing? Bounce quickly!”
When Sirone turned around, the Tenmen who had returned from the starting point were firing their rifles.
“Kuk!”
With one numb leg limping, Sirone threw herself at the rope.
After crossing the border, the gunfire stopped.
“done. It’s done now.”
While Princess Death let out a sigh of relief, Sirone looked back at Iron’s hometown.
Tenman number 10 was approaching the exit, supported by his subordinates.
The strongest code name said.
“It’s no use. The starting point has already been changed. Even if it kills us, it will be enough if we come back to life.”
“You, Yahweh2.”
Tenman number 10 stopped in front of the boundary line and asked.
“East country or west country? Even if you don’t know where you belong, come over to our guild. We support everything up to the Magnan level, after which we guarantee 10% of the profits.”
God of Destruction 707’s eyes changed.
‘If it’s Magnan, it’s level 260. Are these guys serious? I have to spend a lot of money to apply from level 1.’
The highest level he reached before laundering his code name was 183.
“I’m not interested in Ten Man.”
Tenman number 10 wrinkled his forehead.
“What are you talking about? Of course it’s the headquarters. Tenman’s activities are just… … no, it’s done good to think Our guild’s influence on the mainland is counted among five fingers.”
Destruction Demon 707 and the others’ expressions darkened.
‘This is a threat.’
Of course, even in large guilds, it is rare to issue an order to kill a specific user.
Once there is a cause, it is difficult to maintain the guild when public opinion deteriorates.
‘But it’s a justification, it’s up to you. Especially in the case of Yahweh 2, it’s easier.’
Just dodging bullets with bio was enough to get a gossip on the mainland.
“no.”
Sirone was adamant.
“If you have a separate base, you guys are worse. That’s probably why they don’t tell you the name of the guild. Do whatever you want. I will crush you.”
“… … You will regret it.”
Tenman didn’t have anything to say, but the high gear stopped before that.
As he turned into a corpse and disappeared to the starting point, his men pointed at him and retreated.
“be careful. I will remember your code name.”
After the Tenmen disappeared from the landscape, Sirone returned to the former wasteland.
“Let’s go too. We should get to Attogram at least by tomorrow. Will you take me?”
“huh? uh, yes.”
It was a shock to them that Yahweh 2 confidently responded to Tenman’s threat.
‘I thought he had an innocent personality, but he’s surprisingly violent.’ The home of iron, the starting point.
When Tenman #10 opened his eyes, Sancho was frowning next to him.
“Leader.”
“… … How did it go?”
“I left. I suggested scouting, but it didn’t even work. I’m not afraid of the killer spirits either. It must belong to a large guild.”
“Sheesh, how could one person get through? Rumors will spread sooner or later, but I want to embarrass myself.”
Destruction Demon God 707 and the others were remarks that they did not care about.
“But it was a bit strange. Dodging bullets in bio is… …
“Aaaaaaa! Aaaaaa!”
Sancho couldn’t contain his anger.
“This son of a bitch is giving me headshots? Hey, did you record everything? Stab the operator right away.”
“Are you okay? The video cannot be edited. Even our voices would have gone in.”
“joy! What are you guys doing? However, playing using system errors is on a different level. It’s called a permanent stop. Don’t let me set foot again.”
“??????okay.”
Tenman No. 10 opened the operator’s suggestion page located at the top of the medium-level reality.
The video file has been uploaded.
Sirone asked.
“You have to spend the night in the wasteland of electrons? Is it that far to the attogram?”
Death Princess touched her chin with her index finger.
“Hmm, should I say it’s far? It would take about 3 hours to run, but it would be 30 minutes even if you just passed level 100. And the problem is that the level is lower than the distance.”
The strongest code name explained.
“It’s more about height than distance. The end of the former wasteland is surrounded by a barrier. To jump over there, the output of high gear must be at least level 10.”
“Aha, then I’ll have to level up and go. By the way, would there be game here too?”
“of course. Parts are hard to find, but the galaxy is quite wide in the beginning. It’s normal to save money here and buy a beginner’s package from Attogram.”
“I see. It’s a beginner’s package.” God of Destruction 707 frowned.
“I don’t even know if I know. Are you really new? But what kind of guts did you have to fight Tenman 10? If the kill record is written at their headquarters, it’s all over for you and us.”
It wasn’t particularly scary, but Sirone didn’t want to harm the party either.
“You said your friend was waiting for you at the Attogram. Maybe he will solve it.”
“That merchant? what’s the code name? If you’re resourceful, I’ll know.”
“Olga’s son.”
All three turned their heads at the same time.
“what! Yolgah’s son?”
“huh. His personality doesn’t match, but he’s a trustworthy guy in this regard. don’t worry too much… …
“What are you talking about! You’re a Dongguk ranker! Besides, the duel ranks 4th overall! Is that Yoga really your friend?”
“I see… … ji? First of all, we are classmates.”
Princess Death asked with her eyes shining.
“Then can we meet when we get to Attogram? huh? Will you introduce me?”
“of course. It’s the same with Tenman, because I can’t harm you guys.”
“Avoid. this is rather… … God of Destruction 707 thought.
‘I’m not just a ranker in the top 100, I’m Yoga’s son. It’s really great. I have to go to Korea unconditionally.’
When searching for Yolga’s son, the pattern of the affiliated guild occupied the square following the ranking by category.
‘No. 1 in Dongguk Guild Ranking. The golden ring.’ When I thought of the pattern of the golden ring to be engraved next to the code name, the corners of my mouth went up.
Sirone asked.
“what? Why is everyone laughing?” God of Destruction 707 shook his head and said.
“huh? Nothing. Anyway, this makes sense to me. Are you also aiming for a ranker? You can’t pretend you don’t know me later.”
“Actually, I didn’t come here to do it right. It’s a personal thing, but I have to beat someone.”
“There is such a case. A bout in high gear. Then the opponent must be Seoguk. what’s the code name? I’ll search for it.”
“operator.” Silence has arrived.
There was no need to search, but on the other hand, my head was jumbled.
“Could it be fake… …
“No, that operator is right. I heard it’s the strongest in high gear.”
‘This guy really doesn’t know anything.’ Otherwise, ‘I heard it’s the strongest.’ There is no such thing as a common expression.
“good. I’m speaking from a veteran’s point of view, but the odds of you single-handedly defeating the operator are zero. It’s not that I’m ignoring you, it’s the high gear system.”
Death Princess said.
“The higher the level, the higher the engine output. But this is the simplest. As the AI level rises, the convenience of combat improves enormously.”
Sirone had already felt it with his body.
“Even if the level is the same, the power varies greatly depending on the performance of the parts. In addition, depending on how the selective options are set, completely different results come out. Do you understand now? At what age do you think you can fit all these elements? Operators are early users. In other words, it is one of the best aircraft that can be implemented in high gear.”
The strongest code name was added.
“Your fighting sense must be the best. Is that what it means to be undefeated and #1 in the duel rankings?”
It wasn’t a world that was said to be biting.
“But I cannot give up. will definitely win What should I do to meet the operator?”
After reading the sincerity in Sirone’s eyes, the God of Destruction 707 let out a sigh.
“Okay, I really want to try it.
noodle… …
Throwing away the empty magazine, he put a new one in the rifle and snapped it up.
“I have to hunt like crazy.”
operator’s conference room.
Marks symbolizing each department appeared on the 12 screens set up along the round table.
Because they were also heretic children of the undercoders, there was no case of revealing their true faces.
“A system-related suggestion came in… …
It was a modulated voice.
“It happened in the hometown of iron. I’ll play the recorded video, so let’s watch it and talk.”
Images were displayed simultaneously on 12 screens.
“Get rid of blind spots! Do not aim at the target, but anticipate the shot into space!”
In the field of vision of Tenman No. 10, Sirone in the video recorded was struggling.
The operator was speechless.
Even after defeating Sancho with a headshot and ending the conversation at the border of the Iron Zone.
“good.”
Mark, number seven (NO.7), spoke first.
“It’s not my major, but I know that I’ve just finished incarnation. Did you breach the firewall?”
said Mark, who is called Yo.
“no. There is no sign of being attacked, let alone infiltrated. The same goes for the meta process.”
“Then what is that? Is that a person? But how do you avoid going over Mach?”
Smile Mark said.
“After examining the log, it seems that extreme time distortion occurred in a state of extreme concentration. In other words, the speed of nerve transmission is higher than the speed of the bullet… …
“therefore!”
Number Seven shouted.
“The magic and schema are all blocked, so how can that happen! Ji is a god, what is it?”
said the black circle mark.
“It is also significant that the user’s code name is Yahweh2. Is it the Yahweh I know?”
The gear mark said.
“As a tutorial manager, you are under no obligation to answer. However, with the honor of the manager, I guarantee that he is not a person who will take advantage of the loopholes in the system.”
Number Seven said.
“What is it, the serious tone that is not like you. what is yahweh what’s the person’s name? Are you handsome?”
“Don’t you know how the world works? Eat some Dream Stars in moderation and go out for a walk.”
“Are you arguing with me right now?”
Lollipop Mark said.
“Now, now, stop! As a result of the review, it is not a systemic error. However, there is room for interpretation depending on the criteria for judgment. All users are given an equal opportunity in high gear, isn’t that our design motto?”
said Mrs. Mark.
“But you can’t interfere with personal feelings. Even in the same situation, everyone reacts differently depending on the deviation of the senses. To deny the sense of Yahweh2 is to deny the individuality of all existing users.”
Smile Mark agreed.
“I think it’s okay as long as it doesn’t deviate from the design intent. In fact, even the Tenmen who reside in Iron’s Hometown can’t be said to follow High Gear’s motto, right?”
“That is fun. That’s fun.”
Number Seven Mark said.
“Anyway, speaking of design intent, what do you think of our lady?”
While everyone was silent, a signal came in on the screen with the high gear mark.
“You have a problem with your words, number seven?” It was the operator’s voice.

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-1066.txt
=============YYYYY=============
Dongguk and Seoguk (2)
The operator, a famous female chain in High Gear, is known as a ‘lady’ among operators.
The first reason was that he did not lose his elegance even in the battlefield where firepower was rampant, but… … .
“Lady is offended again.”
Number Seven’s tone was mixed with contempt.
“Do not misunderstand. I’m asking because you’re the only one who plays high gear among the operators. Are you okay? Yahweh 2. If we leave it as it is, it might break the operator’s stronghold someday, right? I’d rather exile now, “What’s that about? The reason the operator is ranked #1 has nothing to do with me being the operator.”
Number Seven giggled.
“No, I’m afraid I’ll be nervous. how is it? I can tweak the event a bit if you want.”
“Number seven.”
It was a cold voice.
“Don’t touch me. Twelve operators are building high gear, but I am the original designer. Event expansion that goes against the initial concept is unacceptable.”
“I’m a little annoyed to hear it.”
Number Seven responded right away.
“I’ll admit you’re a genius, but we’re here to experiment with the perfect world. It’s not to make a playground for a lonely girl.”
Hey hey hey!
A deafening high-frequency noise hit the operator’s conference room video.
the operator shouted.
“Are you going to die? what do you know about me Shall I explode your brain right now?”
“If you can, try it.”
“Number Seven! you… … !”
At that moment, Lollipop Mark shouted.
“stop! Please stop it!”
The ability to immediately block the operator’s noise attack was excellent.
“Because I keep doing this at every meeting, I can’t even go to academy. Can’t we just focus on the agenda?”
“That bastard keeps pissing me off!” No. 7 did not lose either.
“Are you? What if the operator sticks with the user? Do you know how many bug tests I do every time I prepare for an event? saturday
It’s about to come out.” “Look technically, technically. Why don’t you just log in occasionally and look around to see if it’s working? you are god You don’t have to hunt all day. Just take it with Status Max and wipe it all out. It’s the perfect world you want, because now I don’t quite understand it either? What do you want to do in high gear?”
The radio waves became quiet.
“??????I don’t know.”
the operator said.
“Can the created world really be perfect? After all, if the user turns away, it’s a lie.”
The accident passed in silence.
“Yes, I ran away because I hated reality. So you don’t have a choice. What I want to do in high gear is… … Maybe it’s just living itself. my heart is here So for me, this place is real.”
Number Seven asked.
“Are you satisfied with that? it’s all made by you What if a serious bug pops up? If high gear is a mess, can you live there?”
The answer came belatedly.
“… … I just wanted to live I’m done talking. I’ll go out first. I personally have no charges on the agenda. Please refer to it when voting.” The high gear mark has disappeared.
“joy! The raid time is guarded like a knife. Hey, I’m leaving too. Abstain on the agenda.”
After blocking access to Number Seven, Smile Mark sped up the meeting.
“I vote right away. Number 1 says sanctions should be imposed on Yahweh2, and number 2 says no charges.”
Numbers appeared on 10 screens.
“great. Then I’ll save and lock the contents of today’s meeting. See you at the next meeting.”
Yahweh 2, no charge.
wasteland of electrons.
Sirone and the others set the output of the high gear to the maximum and hunted the metal wolf.
“hey! run away! shoot! Shoot!”
At the same time as the rifle fired, the Metal Wolf rapidly twisted its direction.
707, God of Destruction, frowned upon seeing only debris flying from the poor ground.
“Ah, up about it! weird? Didn’t we catch this very easily in the past’?”
In fact, the average level of Metal Wolf was between 6 and 7, and it was a creature belonging to the weak.
Death Princess said.
“It’s because the level is too low. Usually in the hometown of iron, you get up to level 7 and come out.”
Sirone suggested a way.
“There is no chance of winning in an output competition. First of all, you can’t use the terrain because it’s open. Let us make it.”
“You want to dig a trap?”
“no. It’s to increase the metal wolf’s movement line by one person shooting. And if two people run in a straight line, the difference in speed can be offset. After driving it to a single road like that, the last person finishes it.”
The strongest codename nodded.
“It’s a good way. If you change roles, you will be able to level up evenly. Once you reach level 5, you should be able to easily catch a Metal Wolf.”
The hunting resumed according to Sirone’s strategy.
keying! keying!
As soon as the metal wolf spread on the floor with a sharp mechanical sound, the level rose immediately.
“You kill this? Because the level is so low, even if you catch one, the experience gauge goes up.”
“huh. It will be soon.”
After hunting in order like that, Sirone and the others reached level 5.
Sirone’s eyes sparkled.
“There is a new feature. A search radius of 200 meters.”
Death Princess said.
“huh. It’s an artificial intelligence feature that activates at level 5. Now the information of the user or creature within 200 meters will be displayed. The same goes for code names.”
“I jumped twice. first 100 meters
It was.”
“Oh, how did you know? It’s not even listed in the manual. We knew it because we measured it ourselves.”
“Just what… …
Is it the feeling of a wizard?
“The search radius really matters. First of all, since artificial intelligence doesn’t work outside the search range, it’s automatic aiming and nothing. The only thing you can see is the code name, and that’s within line of sight. If you fall 500 meters or 1 kilometer away, you won’t even be able to confirm who hit you.”
“This is an advantage for snipers. That’s why the colonoscopy was shot at a full 200 meters.”
“That’s basic. As the level goes up, the combat range goes beyond at least 1 kilometer. Users can fly and even fire anti-personnel missiles.”
Sirone nodded.
“I get it roughly. As you level up, the AI’s capabilities increase and its performance improves. In addition, the output is getting stronger, so the 1 level difference is huge.”
“okay. There are five main types of artificial intelligence. What you currently have active are auto-aim, recoil compensation, and search radius, right? One more will be activated at 7th and 9th levels. I’ll let you know while hunting. From the next 10th level, you are now entering the world of selective options.”
“Aha, that’s why it didn’t open.”
Sirone couldn’t help but admit it.
‘Honestly, it’s fun. The system is also designed to be learned step by step as you level up.’
In that respect, Tenman’s existence was close.
‘Well, that’s because it’s the operator’s domain.’
For now, Sirone, who wants to enjoy high gear as a user, goes hunting again.
After catching a level 10 Metal Scorpion and Metal Worm, his experience went up. The scorpion shoots hydrochloric acid from its tail, and the dragon’s ability to hide underground is annoying.
At level 7, the penetration correction function was activated.
“I like that.”
Death Princess explained.
“It’s not a key feature, but a lot of variables come from this penetrating correction. The most important thing is that it is not a probability. Once hit, it can pierce the armor without fail. In other words, no matter how strong the enemy is, there is a chance for a headshot.”
“really? Then, wouldn’t it be possible to defeat the operator?”
“In conclusion, it is possible. But the odds are less than 0.001 percent I think. I’ll explain from now on. Aim your rifle at me.”
When I aimed at the Princess Death’s forehead, an aim popped up.
100% floated in the aim, and a red line drew a ring around it.
When the red line formed a perfect circle, the 100% symbol glowed golden.
“aha??????
“okay? The important thing in the penetration test is the computation time of the artificial intelligence. Now, since it’s an old helmet, the calculation finished in around 2 seconds, but if I had the parts installed, the time would have increased considerably depending on the durability of the gloves. Of course, if you equip better firearms, of course the time will be reduced.”
“I understand. So what happens if we aim at the Operator now? The durability must be the strongest, but doesn’t it take several hours for the penetration test to come out?”
“no. In that case, instead of 100%, a ‘critical’ judgment will appear. Because the limit of the power of a rifle cannot exceed the durability of armor.”
“But you said 0.001 percent.”
“That’s what you were talking about when you equipped a better firearm. Won’t the golden ring support you anyway? Do you want to fight with a rifle? And do you think the operator will wait patiently until you activate penetration compensation?”
” but??????
“It’s a really nice feature, though. You and the operator are in an extreme situation, and usually, if you succeed, you can pierce armor 10 times greater than your strength.”
“But it is just as difficult.”
“Whoops, that’s right. So actually, this is more important in defeating boss creatures. This is called a raid, but if you go to a higher difficulty, the durability of the creatures increases tremendously. At that time, the ‘critical’ judgment is like the rain of a drought. It is said that there are creatures that are physically impossible to attack if the critical fails even once.”
“huh. I think I know what it is.”
The hunt has begun again.
From now on, the level up required a lot of experience, so I had to hunt for a full 3 hours.
God of Destruction 707 said.
“Let’s stop today. It’s dark and hunting efficiency is low. I have to save high gear power too.”
“Out of power?”
“I don’t care at this level, but just in case. Of course, when you reach a high level, it consumes a lot of battery.” The strongest code name is very popular in the wasteland.
I cut down a dry tree that I could see and brought it.
“Let’s light a fire. We don’t need a night watch, but the game might still come.”
I lit a bonfire with the flint I had brought from the hometown of iron, and Sirone sat by the fire.
‘The heat is also real.’
maybe like a dream
“Yahweh 2.”
When I looked up, Princess Death was hesitating with a slightly flushed face.
“huh. what’s the matter?”
“excuse me… … We’re going to have some fun, would you like to join us?”
Sirone, who understood what he meant, looked at the Demon God of Destruction 707 and the strongest code name.
And I felt it in their unconcerned appearance.
‘yes. here is… …
It’s a virtual world.
‘All of those children’s appearances must be lies. That’s right, I’m the only one who’s thinking here.’
Sirone politely declined.
“sorry. I’m a bit awkward.”
“Okay then.”
Princess Death returned to her seat with a smile and started playing silently with her friends.
tadak. tadak.
While the sparks from the bonfire raged wildly, Sirone was lost in thought.
‘What is real?’
Three people sitting across from me were kissing, and beyond that was a vast darkness.
‘The heart… …
Sirone held out her hand close enough to burn herself.
‘Where is it?’
“O uh uh”
? n? 丁that?
The campfire was hot, but also too cold
it was cold

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-1067.txt
=============YYYYY=============
Dongguk and Seoguk (3)
Dawn broke over the wasteland.
“Shall we start soon?”
When the three of them, who had been playing all night, robbed their seats and got up, Sirone also cheered up.
‘It was really long.’
In the world of high gear, the need to sleep doesn’t arise.
Because you are already dreaming.
Perhaps the setting of replacing the human body with a machine might be perfect for an undercoder.
Destruction Demon 707 and the others enjoying the game was, in a sense, killing time.
Princess Death asked while wearing a helmet.
“Yahweh 2, are you okay? Aren’t you bored? Even if we got stuck in the middle, we were fine.”
“no. I was thinking about this and that. But not sleeping is unusual.”
If it was Yahweh’s spirit, he could last for a month in reality, but he didn’t feel tired at all.
“Even if it’s a dream to use your brain, won’t you get tired if you play for too long?”
The strongest code name said.
“Of course it is. So sometimes I disconnect and leave. But don’t worry too much. High gear is completely different from real time.”
“How much difference does it make?”
It was natural that the signals of simultaneous events in high gear would not be transmitted.
When Sirone dreams, it is as if Sirone in another space cannot see the dream.
“I don’t know because I haven’t measured it accurately, but I heard from others that about 30 days here is a day in reality.”
“30 days… …
Sirone stuck out his tongue.
‘Then in reality, less than an hour has passed yet. Is it because it’s much deeper than Drimo?’
Thinking of the meaning of the cowardice created by humans, Sirone slung her rifle over her shoulder.
God of Destruction 707 said.
“Let’s go. I raised the level to a certain extent yesterday, so it’s almost time to get to the attogram.”
After walking for about two hours, I saw a 5-meter high iron wall at the end of the wasteland.
“This is the final gateway to the wasteland of electrons. If we get any closer from here, a muzzle will come out of the wall and attack us.”
“huh. In order to avoid that, there must be this function, reflex response correction.”
On the way to this place, they had reached level 10 because they had been hunting non-stop.
Sirone examined the function through augmented reality.
-reflex response correction (on/off)
A function activated at level 9 that analyzes external attacks and automatically evades them. Death Princess explained.
“Reflex response correction is a function against automatic aiming. It’s aimed automatically, so there’s also a function to automatically dodge. However, if you are at the same level, the efficiency of automatic aiming is much better.”
Sirone understood.
“Well, if the function of reflex response compensation is better, no one will be able to hit it.”
“that’s right. That’s why masters sometimes turn off reflex response correction. You believe in your own abilities. Or, there are cases where you get only the necessary information while quickly repeating on and off. But at a lower level like us, it’s a must. It’s because you can’t avoid bullets with a level 10 output. ah… …
Death Princess realized.
“You can avoid it. Then you can turn it off. Your senses will still be much better.”
“No, I’ll try anyway. It is easier to apply later when you get used to the system now.”
Having come to a conclusion, Sirone and the others started running toward the wall 500 meters away.
With a level 10 output, it could exceed 5 meters in height, but the problem was bullets.
“come!”
Hundreds of gun barrels shot out from the walls and spewed fire at the party.
Ta-ta-ta-ta-ta!
Dozens of attached lines appeared in augmented reality, and the probability of each hit was displayed next to them.
Sirone’s body moved quickly as reflex response correction, or movement correction, was applied.
“bump! bump!”
Since artificial intelligence is, after all, the user’s brain in high gear, there was no sense of heterogeneity.
‘It’s really comfortable. Instead of accepting external thoughts, accidents are being triggered from within.’
The Demon God of Destruction 707 shouted.
“You have to run as far as you can! If it goes below 50 percent, it gets tough from then on!”
The closer you got to the wall, the more your chance of avoidance dropped.
Leaving the rain of bullets in the AI’s care, Sirone calculated the distance.
‘Now.’
I increased the output of the high gear and kicked the ground vigorously, and four people flew up at the same time.
“Yaaaaa!”
The shouting drew a parabola, and finally the four of them jumped over the wall and landed.
The gunshots disappeared and silence came.
“Whoa, that’s it.”
As Sirone looked around, artificial intelligence outputted spatial information.
-The beginning of the royal road.
Beyond the wall was a dense forest of conifers, and a road led up to the hill.
He raised his head at the sound of a bird, but it was a creature, and even a level 8 enemy.
Death Princess said.
“The beginning of the royal road is a place that brings users spread out in the wasteland of electrons together. No matter what wall you jump over, you have to go through this path.” God of Destruction 707 added.
“The Attogram is the first neutral zone you arrive in high gear. Even if it is a low-level state, the scale is surprisingly large. It’s the place that decides between East and West. That’s why rankers often come and listen to trends and sometimes do scouting.”
It was the beginning of a serious journey.
Seoguk Guild Ranking 1st, Ascension.
A powerful blast of air came out of the custom capsule, and the door slammed open.
Inside the capsule stood a beautiful woman with curly blonde hair covering her eyes.
– High gear charging complete.
The aircraft shook with a clanking sound, and black flat shoes stepped on the ground.
Height is 172 cm, weight is top secret.
However, it was a slim body that would not exceed 55 kg if it was a human body.
User codename, operator.
It was unquestionably the most powerful hardware and software in high gear.
≪Uh ha, she deliberately outputted a voice and roamed around the room like a cat.
“It’s fine.”
The damaged area from the previous raid had been restored.
The entire building used by the Ascension Guild was 23 stories high, and her room was on the 22nd floor.
When I opened the door and went out into the hallway, a 130cm tall girl was standing in the elevator.
A code name appeared in the operator’s eyes. little witch
At level 482, the overall ranking is 13th, but in the duel field, the overall ranking is 7th.
was a talented
‘It’s embarrassing.’
It was unusual to become a ranker in the shortest period of time, but there was a unique atmosphere that was difficult to deal with.
The operator walked to the elevator and asked.
“What’s going on on the 22nd floor?”
Since it is a floor exclusively for guild leaders, guild members do not come here unless there is a special occasion.
The little witch turned around.
“uh? are you connected? It’s quiet even when you knock.”
The face was close to that of a doll, and it was difficult to show expressions, and even the jaw was the same as that of a jointed doll.
“I went out for a while to repair the aircraft. Are you here to find me? What is it?”
“No, just. It’s kind of weird these days.” This was the reason the operator had a hard time dealing with her little witch.
“Do you know Yahweh?”
“Yahweh?”
The little witch, who was checking the number of floors in the elevator, turned her head faster than usual.
But the emotions could not be read.
“Hmm. If you know, you know; if you don’t, you don’t know. But why Yahweh? Does it have anything to do with the recent sentimentality?”
“It’s in high gear. You made a bet with me. If you beat me in a duel, I will grant you what you want.”
“Hoo.”
The little witch’s face was still smiling, but the operator was somehow creepy.
The elevator door opened.
The little witch who entered first asked the operator who followed her.
“Why does that make you feel bad?”
“I did some research, and he turned out to be a much bigger guy than I knew. good till there But he ignored high gear. The only thing I can think of is to use me for the sake of real people.”
“haha! Are you completely blocked?”
It seems like they’re taking sides, but somehow I feel like they’re having fun.
So the operator was even more upset.
“Of course it won’t go the way he wants. You won’t be able to defeat me anyway.”
“Oops, number.”
The little witch pressed down on the first floor and said.
“Of course, beating an undefeated Operator is difficult. But it won’t be easy. Actually, I know Yahweh a little, but he is no ordinary bet either.”
“know.”
This was the reason the operator was in a mess.
“There was a lot of talk at yesterday’s meeting. You seem to have a special sense of time. I dodged a rifle shot while in bio. It means that you have already transcended humans with your body.”
“Wow, really? It’s so cool.”
At the little witch’s exaggerated performance, the operator slightly twisted the bridge of her nose.
“The problem is that he denied my world. He could never lose to a guy like that. He’s frankly pissed off. he said he would smash it. If you still can’t understand it, even if it shocks the brain of reality… …
“operator.”
When I turned my head to the changed voice, the little witch was staring at me with the same expression.
“I don’t care what you do. I will support you too. However, if you harm the real Yahweh… …
That makes it even more terrifying.
“You die to me.”
The aircraft couldn’t swallow saliva, but the saliva ran out of the Operator’s mind.
“??????okay.”
Even though she turned away from reality, she knew how scary the place was outside.
‘Little witch. What a strange person.’ I thought about asking the tutorial manager, but breaking the rules was an absolute no-go.
However, as a result of watching her while living in the guild, there was one part that I could guess.
‘Perhaps the Empress of Kashan… … The person who was.’
According to the investigation, Kashan is currently ruled by an emperor named Gando.
‘There is no limit to financial power. And it’s incredibly deep. More than anything… … I knew the top secret of the temple.
‘Of course I found out by hacking the dream.’
The most important piece of evidence was that I couldn’t access the witch’s dream by any means.
‘There’s a chance he’s not human.’
While the atmosphere became heavy, the operator finished his thoughts and continued.
“don’t worry. Because I’m not interested in things outside. Of course, the relationship between you and Yahweh. I just need to smash Yahweh in high gear.”
“Huh, I’ll look forward to it.”
When the little witch’s voice softened, the operator gently tilted her head.
‘It’s so strange.’
Why can hundreds of emotions be felt on a face with little change in expression?
“come.”
The elevator reached the first floor.
“come.”
At the end of the beginning of the royal road, Sirone caught sight of a huge city in the distance.
Was it like this before the end of the world of Apocalypse?
“It’s amazing.”
Numerous high-rise buildings went up to the sky, and trains passed between the buildings.
God of Destruction 707 said.
“From now on, all that remains is to become stronger in earnest. Of course, it can be annoying in earnest, but that’s okay. We have a son of Yolgah.”
Destruction Demon 707 and the others were like the second round of play, but their hearts were much more excited than the first round.
‘It goes into the golden ring.’
Dreaming of a hopeful future, Sirone and the others sprinted down the hill.
“Good! Let’s smash it!”
Spatial information: free cities, attograms

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-1068.txt
=============YYYYY=============
Dongguk and Seoguk (4)
The entrance to the Attogram was an arched gate 30 meters high.
The reason why there is no sense of incongruity despite the huge size is probably because the city walls are much higher.
– Check user code. entry permission.
Unlike reality, everything was automatic here, and the huge iron doors opened left and right.
Even the first scene that caught her eye made Sirone’s eyes spin.
“Hey, isn’t that a lot?”
A variety of aircraft that come and go in the cutting-edge city.
The neon sign of the building flashed in so many colors that it made me dizzy.
“Yolga’s son has agreed to meet in the evening, so let’s go hunting in the meantime. Because we raise the level.”
Death Princess said.
“How about matching the parts first? It’s kind of annoying to do with a rifle.”
A team passing by the street burst into laughter when they saw Sirone and the others.
“haha! Hey, look at those kids. Isn’t that an old helmet? Do you still have that?”
“I remember the old days. I wrote that and grabbed Metal Rat. Are there still Tenmen?”
The Demon God of Destruction 707 hit the ground.
“Ah, those! If I hadn’t washed the code name, you wouldn’t have even spoken to me.”
Sirone asked.
“You said you were level 180, right? Maybe that user is higher. Because high-level people also gather here.”
“No, just looking at that, I wonder if it’s level 100. You can tell just by looking at the pants. It’s made by Spread. They only handle sheep-shaped products there. If you’re over level 100 and still have that thing equipped, it’s really funny.”
The strongest code name said.
“When you arrive at the Attogram, about 20,000 galaxies gather. Usually, buying packaged parts is the standard.”
Sirone asked.
“Then what about the selective option? I keep blinking that I can buy something at the ‘electronic store’.”
Death Princess said.
“No beginner tips. Because it is uncomfortable during the hunt. Let me tell you. Go into the selective options first.”
As I did, I saw a slot, and an ‘electronic shop’ sign appeared below it.
“The features of Selective Options can be purchased at electronic stores. Of course, there will be only ‘communication’ now. That’s 20,000 galaxies, but it’s less efficient than buying packages. Unless you are going to do organized activities like Ten Man.”
“Well, we just need to communicate verbally. By the way, there is only one slot. Are you adding functions to it?”
“huh. One more slot will be added at level 20 and one more at level 30. There are a total of three options available. And from level 40, new features are registered in the ‘electronic store’ every 10 levels. From then on, choose and combine options according to your taste, situation, and mission.”
The strongest code name said.
“Anyway, if Yoga’s son supports you, you can buy a telecom, but it’s a matter of mood. We have some time until evening, so let’s buy a package and go hunting.”
God of Destruction 707 looked back at Sirone.
“Yes, but are you sure Yolgas son is helping you? Then can I get the galaxy too?”
“Perhaps. I don’t know how far I can help, but I’ll have to vomit everything I have.”
This is because the future of mankind is at stake.
“really? You look very friendly.”
There seemed to be some misunderstanding, but there was no need for a long line.
“haha! what… …
Destruction Demon God 707 pointed to the city.
“Then let’s go to ‘Maron’. Maronsa is the best for beginners.”
When I entered the commercial area specializing in parts, it was crowded with people.
“So many.”
“The most important thing in high gear is the parts after the level. A total of 270 companies set up shop here. Some of them are run by users.”
“A user?”
“of course. Now users can exchange all items. There are users who sell parts at the stand, and there are also cases where they buy and open stores with Eunha.”
Death Princess added.
“User-made parts should be purchased carefully. It has many unique or outstanding features, but it is weak in terms of balance. If your right arm is a product of the ‘Megamix’ company and it is not compatible, then you are just wasting money.”
“That’s your story.”
At the words of the strongest code name, Princess Death became furious.
“So that’s what you’re talking about! If there are enough galaxies, we can experiment with anything, but we are poor. You have to be as careful as possible when purchasing.”
When they arrived at ‘Maron’, a humanoid body with a steel frame was approaching them.
“welcome. How can I help you?”
“I want to buy parts. Marron Package Beginner. It’s still 20,000 galaxies, right? When is the three-day period?” The guide robot, which kindly answered the question of Destruction Demon 707, brought a box larger than a human.
“Did you pay a lot of attention to the packaging?”
Looking at the outside, a beautiful girl winked at me as if asking me to buy it.
“All commercial parts come in boxes. If you open the box, there is no refund. There are users who don’t use them but collect a few for a specific model.”
“Then I can’t check the contents. Well, since it’s a program, isn’t there anything wrong with it?”
“There is nothing to do. You can still check the contents. If you look at the box, there will be an artificial intelligence simulation mark. If you touch it, you can have a virtual experience.”
Swallowing the words, ‘This is virtual,’ Sirone reached out to the box.
An electrical signal scanned Sirone, and it was in a state of wearing parts before he knew it.
“what?”
The appearance was almost the same, but bearings were embedded in each joint, and the joint surface was visible on the face as well.
“haha! Aren’t you curious? You can experiment with this and that and buy it if you like it. Oh, as Princess Death said, be careful because the items sold by users do not have this function.”
‘The joints… …
Turning her elbows 360 degrees, Shirone turned her neck joint to look behind her.
“It’s really strange.”
Death Princess said.
“It will be awkward at first. But the drive joint itself is very convenient in battle. Of course, if you go later, there will be durability problems. Lion anyhow. We don’t have a galaxy where we can buy anything other than this.”
Just like everyone else, Sirone raised her palm to ‘Buy’ in the box and paid for the galaxy.
“Choose an immediate replacement. If you go later, you’ll experience it anyway, but that’s a bit strange.”
I was curious about the exchange of human bodies, but I was still more reluctant.
“huh. Replace immediately.”
When the transaction was over, the replacement process was omitted, and four people who turned into androids were born.
“Let’s hunt now. If you play a little bit, you will get used to the parts. Now, where do we start?”
The strongest code name said.
“I have no nationality, so I have to go to the neutral zone. Of course, that’s annoying too
I will have it.”
After exiting the North Gate of the Attogram, there was an abandoned city a kilometer away.
A creepy-looking creature resided there, and some users were happily hunting.
Spatial Intelligence: Destroy-033
“Destroy is a basic hunting ground in high gear. Since it’s level 10, let’s catch the robot. Can you see that?”
The aircraft caught my eye as it patted the ground with its tripod feet and looked around.
When the automatic aim caught it, Sirone’s right arm went through a mechanical transformation.
Chiing! Chiing!
In less than a second, before I knew it, my hand had turned into a hand-held muzzle.
“Ahh!”
“It seems a little bearable. Beginner parts are good enough for this. Anyway, the main firepower of this part is energy bullets. See the vertical gauge on the side of your field of view?”
“huh. It says 1,000/1,000.”
“Energy bullets use batteries. One battery can fire 1,000 rounds. Other companies also sell live ammunition, but Eunha can’t afford it. Efficiency goes down.”
“How much is the battery?”
“500 galaxies. That’s enough money to live on no matter how much hunting is ruined. Let’s start now.”
Gunshots rang out at Destroy-033.
The speed was incomparably faster than when it was bio, and the firepower was powerful.
bang! bang!
Every time the four energy bullets were concentrated, the War Robot was smashed with a thrilling sound.
“Five hundred feet left.”
“But I’ve already collected 2,000 galaxies. If you catch it a little more, the level will rise.”
The one with the highest score was Sirone.
“there! And over there!”
He was destroying the War Robot by spinning his elbow joints as well as his neck joints.
‘… … Adaptability is awesome. They said it was gross at times.’
Anyway, one thing was clear.
‘He said he was new to high gear, but this guy’s been through a lot of fights.’
I have watched rankers’ raids through satellite relay.
All the strategies and tactics, quickness and judgment that made me realize that function isn’t everything.
‘The level is low, but… …
As I watched the battle of Yahweh 2, the thrill I felt from them surged like a sense of déjà vu.
‘What the hell is he doing?’
For the first time, I was curious about his identity, but the God of Destruction 707 shook his head.
He, too, would not be in a good mood if someone were digging into the identity of reality.
‘Let’s go hunting.’
With that thought in mind, Sirone suddenly shouted loudly.
“damage!”
At the same time, sparks flew from Princess Death’s body.
“Ugh!”
When the remaining three turned their heads, someone was smirking 250 meters in front of them.
‘User codename… …
5 minutes before opening.
‘It’s Seoguk.’
Shirone felt it in advance through her feelings, but there was nothing she could do about it other than verbally conveying it.
Death Princess shouted.
“hey! What are you doing? do you want to die?”
“haha! sorry. It’s a mistake, a mistake. Stop trying to catch the wolf on the other side… … . Sorry.”
The company apologized 5 minutes before the opening, but the party was still displeased.
‘You sound like a mistake.’
There was no way the automatic aim would make a mistake, and looking at the parts covering the joints, they were over level 20.
‘Do level 20 hunt here?’
I wanted to fight, but I turned around because I didn’t want to lose the equipment I bought.
“Never mind, let’s go. That guy, he’s doing that because he’s bored. They only pick and harass beginners.”
Sirone examined the side of Princess Death.
“It’s broken.”
“huh. Durability is 80/100. It’s Maron’s bolt gun. Let us just avoid it. The gloves will be above us too.”
When the person concerned said so, Sirone also stepped back and glared at the game five minutes ago.
He smiled and waved his hand.
By the time they hunted for another 10 minutes, Sirone felt an irritating sensation again.
“damage… …
bang
Princess Death’s left arm was smashed.
‘Penetration judgment.’
It was clear that he was aiming intently, and Si Lone turned around widening his eyes.
5 minutes before the opening, he rubbed his head.
“haha! sorry! I made another mistake. I’ll be really careful from now on, so just take a look.”
Sirone didn’t believe it.
“let’s fight. That’s evil.”
“If we fight back, we will become hostile. If you die in that state, your loot will be taken away. That’s what he’s aiming for… …
Before he could finish his words, Sirone kicked off the ground and fired the energy gun at 5 minutes ago.
“ha ha ha! did you shoot This is hostilities!”
A level 23 artificial intelligence was automatically avoiding Sirone’s bullets.
‘It’s easy like Maron.’
He probably didn’t have much anyway, but he wanted to see the bitter reaction of users.
“This is what a bolt gun is.” The energy bullets flew out with a much heavier sound than Sirone’s weapon.
and Sirone.
“huh?”
He evaded the bullets fired like a hail of fire and continued to try to counterattack. the distance is getting closer
“uh? uh?”
The probability of avoidance 5 minutes before the game began to drop rapidly towards 0%.

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-1069.txt
=============YYYYY=============
Dongguk and Seoguk (5)
“this! this person… … !”
As the distance with Yahweh 2 gradually got closer, the expression on his face 5 minutes before the opening became distorted.
‘what? What is this!’
Used to bullying beginners in the Neutral Zone, he had his own manual.
Most of the newcomers have strong pride, so after a few provocations, they will attack like Yahweh 2.
Even if you attack first, the moment you counterattack, the two sides become hostile to the system of High Gear.
If you eliminate the opponent in that state, even if the nationality is different, you can get the spoils.
The contents of the loot can randomly receive 10% of the galaxy or take away certain parts.
If you are a master with dozens of trillions, 10% of the galaxy will be a jackpot, but 5 minutes before the dog game, you get the beginner’s parts and have a lot of fun.
And even now, I thought I could eat them with the beginner’s package.
‘I did… …
He tried shooting with the maximum output of the high gear, but the Yahweh 2 didn’t hit even a single shot.
‘How does this happen?’
I was embarrassed 5 minutes before the game due to a situation outside my experience, and finally the probability of avoidance fell below 20%.
“You bastard!”
Sirone shouted and raised her arms, and the energy bullet hit the body 5 minutes ago.
“Big!”
Of course, since durability is good compared to firepower, just a few hits won’t lead to death.
‘This is strange. it’s a bug It says system error.’
I felt chills 5 minutes before the opening.
As if a cuckoo clock that I was so used to not paying attention to came out at the wrong time.
‘If the distance is shortened, the probability of avoidance decreases. But so does that guy.’
The engagement continued.
While Sirone was dodging between the barrages, several shots hit 5 minutes ago.
Sparks flew on the body, and the durability of the damaged part was revealed through augmented reality.
‘haha. Heck.’
Durability 482/500.
I was momentarily taken aback by the abnormal situation, but the difference in power seen in numbers was clear.
‘His weapon is powerless. If he’s fighting at close range, I’m much more advantageous.’
And one more thing.
‘This is what I have.’
When the selective option activated at level 20, ‘Turbo’, was activated, the output increased rapidly.
“die!”
When using energy bullets, the firepower was more than twice as strong as before because it was affected by the output.
“Big!”
As the speed of the danmaku increased, Sirone twisted her nose and increased her concentration.
Time is passing slowly… … .
‘Specific pattern.’
The group of round flashes of light that looked like dandelions became clear.
‘There it is.’
It was a geometry that took place in space and time, and Sirone quickly dug in looking for gaps.
My heart sank 5 minutes before the opening.
“Aaaaaaa!”
I couldn’t stand the nervousness and sprayed bullets like crazy, but it only made Sirone more comfortable.
Finally, 5 minutes ago, Shirone shouted at Sirone, who was right in front of him.
“OK! Let’s see who wins!
this… … !”
bang!
My eyes trembled five minutes before the opening, and the expressions of the party who were watching became dazed.
Yahweh 2, who knew how to fight, punched the face of the 5 minutes before the opening with the other side of the fist.
“Ouch!”
The unexpected shock caused Shirone to fall backwards and press his chest.
As Sirone aimed the gun at his head, he saw a terrified man’s expression in his eyes.
Silence passed.
The Demon God of Destruction 707 murmured.
“Why, why don’t you shoot?”
“Is it because it’s the first time you’ve killed a person? That guy seems to be sensitive to that kind of thing.”
Sirone asked.
“Why did you attack us?”
“What nonsense are you talking about? Kut!”
5 minutes before the opening, I tried to straighten my upper body, but Sirone pressed me again with my feet.
“I apologize to Death Princess. Harming others for no reason is bad.”
‘What is this again?’
The 5 minutes before the opening was absurd.
‘Is it a concept? No, I can win now. I have much higher durability anyway, right?’
His mouth twitched, and he trembled with arms wide open as if expressing surrender.
“okay. I’ll go and apologize. Have a look. I won’t even go anywhere next time.”
Death Princess shouted.
“Don’t believe me! That guy is cheating!”
While Sirone didn’t even move, 5 minutes ago, the gun was pointed upwards.
“Of course not, you idiot.”
The moment he was about to grind the energy bullet, he saw Sirone’s cold eyes.
‘ uh’?’
live.
At that moment, a thought passed quickly, and Sirone’s voice sounded unrealistic.
“Penetrate.”
It was already dead.
“Sleep, hold on… … !”
bang!
Sirone’s shoulder shook once, and the energy bullet shattered the head 5 minutes ago.
“Kegeg… … Kegegeg!”
The aircraft hit by the headshot shuddered like epilepsy, and then the engine stopped with a mechanical sound.
“Hey, Yahweh2.”
The Demon God of Destruction 707 and his party stopped walking.
‘What’s the atmosphere like?’
Looking down at the plane, lost in thought, was so serious that I couldn’t bear to intervene.
The strongest code name said.
“Durability averaged 500 5 minutes before the opening. It takes quite a while to receive a penetration test with Sirone’s firearms. I thought about it and asked the question. From the very beginning, I don’t think I cared about being a person or anything. He has a thoroughly calculating personality.”
The time we met was short, but I got a rough idea of what Yahweh 2 was like.
“Perhaps. but… … Death Princess said.
“You look so sad.”
Who is it?
What kind of life do you live in reality, so you feel sadness even in the simulation?
Sirone smiled and turned his head.
“Win. Is everyone okay?”
When the heavy atmosphere was relieved, the Demon God of Destruction 707 and the others finally moved on.
“It was great. I know how to dodge energy bullets. Aren’t you, by any chance, a genius in battle?”
“I was lucky. It would have been a pretty tough fight if the 5-minute show had been clever.”
“What are you talking about? It was a complete victory.”
Sirone reviewed the battle.
“If it were me, I would have retreated and fought. Spherical joints allow you to sprint forward while keeping an eye on your back. It takes advantage of the high output. Maybe it was an urgent situation, so I didn’t think about it that far. That’s why I also knocked it down.”
It was a difference in judgment.
“The mind of looking down on the enemy, the carelessness of whether I will lose. These things also have a big impact on the battle. In the end, it was only a high level, but not a particularly strong opponent.” God of Destruction 707 and the others thought of Ranker.
‘Artificial intelligence system allows non-combatants to enjoy all content. That’s a big plus, but… …
You can’t become a ranker that much. Those who do not rely on the system, but understand and use the system thoroughly.
The ability to evade energy bullets was a secondary issue compared to that.
‘You learn so fast. Now, even on the same terms, we will lose.’
It wasn’t particularly unpleasant.
‘Well, they say he’s a friend of Yolga’s son.’
Then Sirone pointed to the ground and asked.
“Is there something here?”
“booty!”
Princess Death clapped her hands and said.
“If you die while the hostilities check is up, you can get loot. No one can see it until you learn it. what? What fell?”
Sirone acquired the parts that had fallen on the floor.
“this? It’s the right arm that guy used earlier. Maronsa, it’s the Bolt Gun-Z204 model.”
God of Destruction 707 burst into laughter.
“Puhahaha! He dropped the most expensive one. It’s ugly. Your stomach should be bloated by now.”
“Is it irreparable? Then how about Princess Death’s left arm?”
“huh. No loot or durability upon death
Parts that have become zero are considered permanent losses. are you okay. My left arm is sold separately, so you can buy it at the store.”
“Hmm, then what about this? It’s the right arm, so Death Princess can’t use it. Should I sell it and turn it into a galaxy?”
The strongest code name said.
“That is possible, but not recommended. If you sell to a store, there is a fee. However, it is not a particularly popular model to sell to users. There is a limit to mass-produced products that can be used at level 20 anyway.”
God of Destruction 707 said.
“Don’t do that, you write. that’s what’s left Let’s go to the Attogram and find the Engineer. I need to replenish the bullets anyway.”
“huh. By the way, an engineer?”
“Items in the store can be replaced immediately, but the user-developed parts or loot must be installed by an engineer himself. Large guilds even hire dedicated engineers.”
“That’s what you mean by experiencing it anyway.”
“yes. Parts sold at stores are good, but legendary items and artisan items are acquired through hunting or dueling. don’t worry too much The right arm isn’t even grotesque.”
The strongest code name was added.
“Personally, eye replacement is the most annoying.”
“agreement.”
After returning to Attogram, the party purchased Princess Death’s left arm and energy bullets at the Maron store.
Next, we found an engineer.
“There are engineers at the parts store, but they are expensive. It’s better to ask the user.”
“huh. Let’s save it.”
It was Sirone’s style to learn from the basics even if Eunha was not in need.
When I entered the shop of ‘Hermes’, a famous engineer in Attogram, I saw a familiar face.
“huh?”
Five minutes before the opening, he and his colleagues were equipped with a newly purchased bolt gun.
Sirone was nervous, but he didn’t show a radical attitude like in Destroy.
God of Destruction 707’s smile was convex.
“I guess you bought a part? In the end, was it the bolt gun that I chose again? look good?”
“You child… … Do you think it will end like this?”
Sirone searched for beginner tips.
In the city, it was impossible to fight without a special event taking place.
‘Hmm, I guess it’s like that.’
My co-workers 5 minutes before the start of the game gave me a chin.
“Hey, are those guys?”
“okay. remember your face You guys, choose Dongguk. Let’s fight properly.”
Sirone confirmed their code names.
‘One minute before opening. 2 minutes before opening… …
A machine with a round body and long, thick arms like a gorilla approached Sirone.
It was one minute before the opening.
“Yahweh 2, don’t run into me on the battlefield. Because I’m going to throw away the foot and foot of the foot.”
‘Amara all-in-one. It’s over level 70.’ While the party was making nervous faces, one minute before the opening, they walked out to the door.
“let’s go.”
After the repairs were completed, 5 minutes ago, Shirone replaced his right arm.
The engineer said that he did not know if the output would follow, but that one part would be fine.
When I came out, it was already dark.
“Shall we go to Freedom Square soon? It annoys me to see a bunch of bastards attacking you.”
Freedom Square, which arrived along the destruction demon 707, was crowded with people.
Numerous users were selling goods, and there were also people scouting guild members.
“When are you coming?”
While waiting while checking the time with augmented reality, the entrance to the plaza became noisy.
“wow! It’s a ranker!”
Sirone and the others naturally turned a blind eye.
It was a small woman 160 cm tall who was driving the crowds.
A pale face, light purple straight hair half-covered the back, and bangs cut horizontally at the line of the eyebrows.
I didn’t even have to look at the code name.
“It’s Aegis.”
He was a skilled player who ranked 8th overall in the duel rankings that users rated the most.
“Why did Aegis come to Attogram? The Golden Flower members play in Nazca City.”
“I know. Are there any events that I don’t know about?”
Aegis walked straight toward Sirone without even looking around.
God of Destruction 707 swallowed saliva with his heart.
‘The gas is really tight. How much does it all cost? We won’t be able to match it even in our lifetime.’
Finally stopping, Aegis carefully checked Syrone’s code name.
“Yahweh 2… …
“Hey, who are you?”
Aegis with both arms attached to his body bent down.
“nice to see you. I came under the direction of the boss. let’s go I will serve you.”
Freedom Square was enveloped in a huge silence.

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-107.txt
=============YYYYY=============
[107] To daily life (2)
From Sirone’s point of view, not much time had passed. After entering Immortal Function, he met a woman and all he did was get out through a black hole. But in reality, it had already been 10 days.
Please enable JavaScript
Sirone smiled awkwardly and raised his hand.
“haha. hi?”
“Sounds like hello, you jerk!”
“Aww!”
Amy turned Shirone’s face into a fist. There was no shock from her, but Shirone, who collapsed on the bed pushed by her power, looked back with a teary face.
“ouch! What’s wrong with you all of a sudden?”
Amy shed tears like chicken droppings.
“You bastard, worrying me like this… … You bastard!”
Sirone put on a blank expression. Everything was rushed and embarrassing. But he soon realized something and smiled warmly. Amy’s tears spoke of what had happened.
“Sorry. because of me… … .”
“Sirone is back!”
Nade and Iruki pushed Amy forward and buried Sirone in the bed. Amy, unintentionally thrown into Shirone’s arms, shouted with her blushing face.
“Kyaaak! Hey, go away!”
“OMG! it hurts! It hurts!”
Sirone also screamed in pain. In fact, it was more embarrassing than painful. Thinking that he wouldn’t be able to look at Amy later, he twisted as hard as he could, and his friends fell to the ground.
“Whoa, what the hell is it?”
Sitting on the bed, Sirone looked like a refugee who had been bombed. On the floor, the fallen Amy caressed her sore back, nagging at Nade and Iruki.
“It’s a grandiose welcome. After all, being young is good.”
Sirone looked at Alfeas and corrected her expression. His presence alone made it clear how serious the situation was.
Sirone asked Nade what he was most curious about.
“What happened to Arcane? What about other friends? What the hell happened?”
Nade, who had been nagging Amy, shouted with an absurd expression.
“It doesn’t matter now! You’ve been dead for ten days!”
“what? 10 days? Is it dead too?”
“Of course not, man! My heart is not beating, how can I be alive? Please explain what happened.”
Sirone seemed shocked and couldn’t speak for a while. She should tell you what she’s been through, but he doesn’t know where to start.
The door to the infirmary opened and the teachers entered. Shiina makes a surprised expression when she sees that Shirone is awake. She was, of course, someone who prayed earnestly for her to come back to life, but when she saw her, she was shocked.
Although she did not realize infinity like Sirone, she had a vague idea of how terrible and painful it is for a human being to come back from a disintegrated mind.
‘Still, you’re back. Thank you.’
Shiina smiled and glanced sideways at Etella. She was the one who had been haunted by her immense guilt for 10 days. As expected, she approached Sirone with a face about to cry.
“Sirone.”
“Sir, I am sorry. I again… … .”
Etella hugged Sirone to her chest without even hearing her words.
“sorry. It’s my fault. Even if you paid a little more attention. It will never happen again.”
To the friends, it was a beautiful hug between the priests, but from the point of view of Sirone, it was to die for. Ethella hugged her so tightly that she couldn’t breathe. Her shame aside, she really felt like she was suffocating.
“I-over there, sir… … .”
“huh?”
“Sorry. Help me.”
“Oh my!”
Ethella hurriedly removed herself when she heard a snort from Sirone.
“sorry. I’m so happy that I don’t even know… … .”
Sirone drew in a breath with a tired face. But this feeling was also temporal. The fact that he came back is just as good, he said with a smile.
“Now I feel like I’m back.”
Realizing her mistake as her friends’ eyes widened, Sirone hurriedly shook her hand.
“No, I’m not like that because of that. So this… … .”
“You son of a bitch, what are you doing?”
Amy ran over and pulled Sirone’s cheek.
“why? Am I not that realistic? huh?”
“no! I don’t mean that!”
Nade and Iruki burst into laughter. Alpheas watched with delight as Sirone was hanging out with her friends, then sneaked out of her infirmary without anyone noticing. From now on, the person to be busiest was himself.
“principal.”
When I looked back, Sirone, who had escaped before I knew it, was closing the door to the infirmary and walking towards me.
“What is it? I think it’s best to rest for a while. Listen to the progress from your friends. It seems that schools will be closed for the time being anyway.”
“Yes, thank you for caring. however… … I have a question for you.”
“huh? Are you curious?”
Sirone told everything about what she had been through. From the moment he entered the realm of infinity to how he returned to his original world through a black hole.
At first, Alpheas also listened with interest. But as the story progressed, he gradually hardened his face. Especially when Sirone explained the woman’s abilities, she closed her eyes and sighed.
“Did she say she knew me?”
“yes. I asked the principal to say hello. It’s a hazy memory, but I think that’s how I heard it.”
I wondered if Sirone had brought up something useless. Alpheas’ expression was much worse than expected.
“Yeah, I think you know who it is.”
“yes? You know?”
Sirone’s eyes widened. Alpheas is obviously an excellent wizard, but the woman was staying in a place beyond life. It was strange that he had met two people who lived in different worlds.
However, Alpheas thought differently. Necessity, not coincidence. It was decided that Shirone met her from the moment he realized her immortal function.
“Who the hell is that woman?”
“Adrias Miro. At the time, it was called the Labyrinth of Time and Space. He is my disciple who majored in scale magic.”
Sirone put on a blank expression. He never dreamed that he would have been a disciple of Alpheas. She was particularly shocked when she found out that her powers, which she thought were divine powers, were actually magic.
“What is scale magic?”
Alpheas scratched his eyebrows as he chose the words to explain.
“Sirone. In the wizarding community, those who have reached the immortal function are called Unlockers.”
“yes. I have heard of it.”
“Then it would be easy. The maze is also an unlocker. Ever since I was little, I had a great sense of inquiry. She dug endlessly. A world larger than the universe, a world smaller than a particle. Scale magic is magic that can only be used by those who have realized the infinity of time and space.”
Sirone remembered the time she met Miro. Certainly, her main ability, the glass marble, freely expressed the relativity of time and space.
“Miro said he had been watching me all along. Is that possible?”
“No need to worry. Miro is staying in a different dimension from you. However, when the immortal function is opened, it may instantly reach the same dimension. Miro must have been waiting for that moment.”
“But why was it me? Unlockers are rare, but according to Arcane, I’ve heard that they’re not too few. There must be many unlockers who are better than me.”
Alpheas stroked his beard and took a break. What I am going to tell you about now is a top secret that no one knows except for teachers who have worked for more than 20 years.
“Miro is the first president of the Supernatural Psychic Research Society.”
Sirone recalled Miro’s face. It is surprising that he is the one who created the research society he is currently in, but he seems to have hardly aged even though he was the first president almost 20 years ago.
“Miro is not obsessed with phenomena. I saw that there are so many things that cannot be explained with knowledge. Together with his classmates, he opened a research society in Istas. Mikea Gaold, the current head of the Tormia Magic Association, is also one of the early members.”
Sirone imagined the members at the time. According to Nade, the master key of the magic warehouse, Estas, was created by the same Servant as Iruki. It wouldn’t be Maze, and it wouldn’t be Gaold either. I could roughly guess how talented the early members were.
While Sirone was lost in thought, Alfeas also recalled what happened 18 years ago. He was a good kid. If only it wasn’t for the events of that day. Suddenly realizing that he had forgotten something, he looked back at Sirone.
“Sirone, do you know how many students there are in total?”
As if he didn’t ask to hear an answer, Alpheas immediately continued.
“Of course, the total number is always changing. Because someone graduates, takes a leave of absence, and gets disciplined. But no matter how many members there are, this school always lacks one person.”
Alpheas turned his head out the window and said.
“Miro didn’t graduate. I am still staying at this school.”
Sirone swallowed his saliva. It was like hearing a ghost story passed down from school to school. But what does it mean to stay? Didn’t she say that she lived in another dimension?
At that moment, the scale magic appeared in Shirone’s head.
“Then please… … ?”
Alpheas nodded and said.
“okay. The labyrinth is in Estas. Of course, it is a higher dimension created by scale magic. People who know it call it the Upper Level.”
Alpheas put his hand on Sirone’s shoulder.
“Sirone, promise me. I decided not to tell anyone about today. The upper echelons are not for you to know. Never, never get involved in the upper echelons. It could throw the world into chaos.”
Sirone did not immediately respond. the world of unknown. unlocker. scale magic. All the information was shaking his mind. Of course, I have no intention of stepping into a dangerous place. But to say he would never get involved would be a lie in any way.
Alpheas sighed as if he knew that.
“If you want to know more about the maze, I will at least allow you to investigate the Kergo Ruins. I am not suggesting this to placate you. It’s too dangerous to break into the upper levels right away. So please keep this.”
Sirone then nodded. There must have been a reason for Alpheas to be so strict. Also, it was the same as he wanted to approach step by step.
“all right. But he is spooked to think that he is staying in Istas. I don’t think he’ll be able to sleep at the study meeting. He might appear out of nowhere.”
“Don’t worry. Miro will never leave the space he created.”
Sirone tilted her head. Being so sure meant having a way to prove it.
“But you are a very good person. Is there any special reason?”
Alpheas looked out the window with a sad expression. He didn’t say anything with certainty. But he knew the maze would never return.
“To Miro, this world is… … Because it hurts so much.”
* * *
Alpheas, Canis, and Arin left for Basuka, the capital, to be investigated by the Magic Association. According to the teachers, the temporary closure will continue until the association’s decision is made.
Sirone was admitted to the infirmary. He hadn’t had a heartbeat for 10 days, so it was the medical staff’s judgment to watch the progress. Sirone also didn’t want to do anything for the time being, so he was killing time with his friends.
“Sirone, I’m sorry. I was very sad.”
Seriel said with a tearful smile. The one thing she regrets the most after she regains her memory is that she savagely pushed him the day Sirone bought her coffee.
“no. It’s because of magic. Seriel sunbaenim didn’t do anything wrong.”
“Anyway, how could I forget you?”
“It’s really okay. Don’t take it to heart too much.”
Seriel’s eyes softened like those of a deer.
“Sirone is really friendly. So what are you going to do now? Are you going to claim my body?”
“yes?”
—————————————

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-1070.txt
=============YYYYY=============
Unique Chance (1)
The silence that seemed to last forever turned into a loud murmur at some point.
“What, what? Why Aegis?”
It was very rare for a user to actually take that posture in high gear.
Even if he was threatened by a ranker, he would wash his code name and not sell his pride.
“Who is Yahweh 2? have you heard?”
“No, this is the first time. The parts are also messed up. A bolt gun in the basic package of Maronsa… …
You asked Shiro while people were fascinated by the appearance that seemed to be picked up and sold as scrap metal.
“I thought he would come himself.”
I had guessed the identity of Aegis from the moment I called Fermi the president.
‘It’s a golden ring of reality.’
Aegis lowered her head again.
“sorry. He said it would be better to be quiet when it comes to solving Yahweh’s problems.”
Sirone understood.
“great. We leave now.”
Aegis turned around in a military fashion and walked towards the exit on the north side of the plaza.
Sirone didn’t care about people’s stares, but Destruction Demon 707 and his party were different.
‘Ugh, this is the first time I’ve gotten this much attention. By the way, Yahweh 2, what the hell is this guy?’
From the beginning, I thought it would not be an ordinary user, but it was also in high gear.
‘What’s going on? what else is the boss? I felt anxious that I might have been caught up in a huge event that transcended our virtual world.
‘Is it okay if we go on like this?’
As God of Destruction 707 turned his head, the same emotion was felt on the faces of his friends.
“Aww. ah… …
When I came to my senses at the sound of moaning, it was an alley in a slum in the north of the city.
Drunk junkies were rolling on the floor like they were at home, making strange noises.
Sirone asked.
“They?”
“They are addicted to drug programs.
all. High Gear is basically a battle simulation, but the range of applications is as wide as it is in Under Coder. It also has the advantage of being difficult to chase because it is a floor coder. The president also conducted clinical trials here.”
It was the tears of an angel, an angel.
“Kiyaaaa!”
The bald-headed couple fell against the wall and shouted at Sirone with their tongues sticking out long.
Electricity ran through the seven mechanical eyeballs.
‘Here, the reaction to the drug can be converted into a numerical value. It’s more effective than biological experiments.’
I could guess why Fermi chose high gear.
Soon, I saw a shabby motel with half-turned-off neon lights, and Aegis went straight to room 307.
“Boss, I have brought you.”
When I opened the door and entered, I saw a man with an eerie look sitting on the bed.
“Fermi?”
User code name, son of Yolgah.
His red hair was shaved and he had a tattoo that looked like a monster’s face with black dye.
His eyes were white with no pupils, and he wore fur coats like those worn by devil worshipers.
“… … What kind of villain captain are you?” In real life, Fermi plays a clean-cut businessman, but his inner self was different.
“Jin, are you really Yoga’s son?”
Unlike the absurd Shirone, the Destruction Demon 707 and the others couldn’t believe it even after seeing it with their own eyes.
‘kill. Genosa’s flawless eye ATX. It’s also matte.’
The impression itself is intimidating, but the fact that the pupils are not visible is excellent in close combat.
Fermi suggested a table.
“sit down. by the way… … Do you have a group?”
Forgetting that it was a virtual world, God of Destruction 707 was at a loss.
“Oh, hello. we are… … Sirone spoke briefly.
“They are my friends.”
Fermi nodded as if that was enough and invited them to sit down as well.
“Yes, nice to meet you. Sit down for now.”
“Ah yes.”
Even while sitting far away from the bed, the Demon Demons of Destruction 707 and the others were dazed.
‘What kind of relationship?’
The code name is washable. Therefore, meeting new users in large guilds was a matter of caution.
‘Can I not ask anything?’ Even though I couldn’t define it clearly, it seemed that Yahweh 2 had the pendulum of power.
Fermi got lucky.
“Well then… …
“hey! you!”
Sirone pointed.
“You wouldn’t have said anything to me! Just like Ten Man, the former wasteland is huge too! Is that on purpose?”
“Ah, why do players get angry with each other over things like that? To be honest, nothing happened, right?”
Looking back, it was.
“You have to do this much to be called Yahweh. listen for once Because I wasn’t playing either. Defeating the Operator, you still haven’t changed your mind, have you?”
God of Destruction 707 and the others looked at each other.
‘Was it for real?’
Of course, I heard that, but Yahweh 2 knew nothing about high gear.
‘Now the head of the gold ring is talking.’
The weight was completely different, and I couldn’t even imagine how that was possible.
Sirone said.
“No matter what you think, you have no choice but to do it. You have to beat the operator to make it work.”
“just wondering. Now that you understand the system to some extent, you can see how difficult it is, right?”
“??????okay.”
Sirone couldn’t deny it.
“Then it would be nice to talk. That’s why I didn’t tell you. Your insight is much faster than my explanation. Have you ever heard of the Ascension Guild?”
“no.”
“It’s the No. 1 guild in Seoguk, headed by an operator. He has a lot of rankers and a celebrity like me. That is to say, he rarely engages in outside activities. We hunt at the highest level of difficulty, which is inaccessible to ordinary users.”
Fermi pointed west.
“Personality eccentric, presumed to be female. She probably won’t come to see you. Then you will have to go to the hunting grounds, but I think you will be instantly killed by Kreacher, let alone Ascendant Guild members. I’m not saying this to hurt your pride… …
“It doesn’t hurt.”
Sirone stopped talking.
“Tell me how. How can I meet you?”
“Sunbeam.”
God of Destruction 707 and the others groaned.
“ah
“It can be said to be the most important event of High Gear. Do you have a rough idea of the worldview?”
“Dr. Martin stole the sun.”
“okay. To be precise, it is the sun sign. A place with a low gear that only exists in this world.”
“Low gear?”
“It is a device that converts solar energy into electrical energy. The electricity generated there runs through mid-gear all over the continent. The mid gear is a capsule-type device, and the energy of the high gear is recharged there.”
Fermi pointed at Sirone.
“You may not be able to feel it because your level is low right now, but even if you go over level 100, it becomes difficult to manage your energy. You have to charge it at a charging station where the mid-gear is installed, or you have to purchase an auxiliary device separately. lets think. Everyone in high gear is using it.” Sirone understood.
“And the country that won the solar war… …
“Yeah, eat everything. In particular, the guild that occupies the Sun Palace can charge high gear for free until the next Sun War. Conversely, other countries have to pay fees and buy energy. As you know, high gear is the heart of users. In reality, it is a fight to the death.”
“I will definitely participate, Operator too.”
“All guilds participate. This is the only way you can meet the operator.”
“excuse me… …
Death Princess raised her hand.
“May I ask you some questions?”
“Princess attention is always welcome.”
She laughed softly.
“I watched a lot of relays of Taeyangjeon. My drinking strategy was very fierce. Of course, Operator Laiter will participate, but Yahweh 2 will not be able to meet. to be honest… … If you don’t become a ranker, you won’t even be able to enter the Sun Palace.”
“That is our problem too.”
Fermi nodded.
“Dongguk and Seoguk have a tight win rate in the Battle of the Sun, but unfortunately, Seoguk lost in the last Battle of the Sun. In other words, we are Siege, and that is Mercury. In the end, to enter the Sun Palace, you have to fight through the crowds as well as deal with rankers. In particular, you will not be able to penetrate the first line of the Ascension Guild.”
The strongest code name was added.
“Because we also operate a command center for strategies between guilds as well as tactics between guild members. It is impossible to carry out individual missions in a fight where one mistake can steal the sun. I don’t think it’s a good way either.”
“you can do it.”
Sirone did not give up.
“It’s your job to solve the problem. How, did you bring it? What should I do?”
≪Table o ”
-1—r.
Fermi, who dropped his shoulders and sighed, raised his head and exhaled.
“Give up solar warfare.”
Destruction Demon 707’s expression hardened.
“To be honest, it’s impossible to carry you while worrying about winning the war. therefore give up I will use all the guilds in Dongguk to transport you to the vicinity of the Palace of the Sun. After that… …
Fermi took one look at Aegis.
“Golden wheel guild members are all out, disturbing the first line of the Ascension Guild. If it’s a fight that doesn’t matter even if you don’t win, you can do it. The key is to keep it as far away from you as possible.”
God of Destruction 707 made an absurd expression.
“But that is betraying the guild of the same country. If you leave the solar cell, the guild will be ruined?”
Fermi didn’t budge, and neither did Sirone.
“What are the odds?”
“100 percent. Or 0 percent. We continue to mark Ascension 1st class with physical bullets. Even if I lose everything, I will carry you into the sun palace. This is my responsibility. It’s up to you. Grab the operator by any means.”
God of Destruction 707 opened his mouth.
“Oh, no… …
The first thought that came to my mind was this.
‘Why do I have to go that far?’
I looked at Aegis, but she also had an expression that revealed a murderous look.
Sirone asked.
“How much can I raise? Even if the probability is low, it is good. At least how much stronger do I have to be to not be impossible?”
“Hmm. Did you do anything strange when you came here? For example, the senses are a little different.”
“The feeling of curiosity still remains. It’s not the same as reality, but the signal system is the same.”
“Cheuk, that’s right.”
As if he had already predicted it, Fermi calculated it right away.
“At least level 300. Of course, the higher the better, but it will be difficult to match the solar cell. You don’t want to take more time.”
In reality, the day was critical.
“From level 300 onwards, the amount of experience needed to level up makes no sense. Therefore, 300 is the best, and the rest has no choice but to compete with parts.”
“But parts are also affected by levels. They say this bolt gun is too much to turn with my power.”
“The prototype is like that. There is no choice but to supplement it with legendary or artisan parts with special energy efficiency. Anyway, no matter what you do, you will never get a win rate higher than 5%. It’s a battle of how close you are.” Fermi stood up.
“In the same sense, there is a limit to what I can give you right now. For now, I leave it to my friends until level 100. Put it on in two days.”
Destruction Demon God 707’s eyes widened.
“yes? Level 100 in 2 days?”
“Equip the best parts and grab a high-level creature. A strong creature is not the answer, but you’re faster than me in this section anyway, right?” Of course it was.
“Ha, but in that way, even if the level goes up a little, you have to keep buying new parts. What about the original parts?”
“throw away. Sending a credit card approved by the Ring of Gold. Buy everything you need. You can use the galaxy unlimitedly, so make Yahweh 2 level 100 within 2 days. can you do it?”
Destruction Demon 707 looked back at his friends with a blank expression and nodded.
“… … yes.”

=============ZZZZZ=============
