=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-255.txt
=============YYYYY=============
[255] Another Sky (5)
If you possess Ataraxia, the reputation of Alpheas Magic School will rise at once. Moreover, with Olivia’s help, it was possible to destroy the stronghold of the Royal Magic School.
After thinking that far, Alpheas spoke quietly.
“THAAD.”
Sade approached and bowed his head.
“Yes, Master.”
“Collect 2,000 black boxes right now. should not be given to anyone. And destroy it in front of Sirone. Make sure Sirone confirms that it has been destroyed.”
“All right.”
Sade answered without muttering and lowered his head.
His bracelet also had a crystal ball destroyed.
While managing 2,000 times, I felt intuition that the situation could be more serious than expected as it had never happened before.
Of course, as the incident grew, the name of the school would become known, but if it was Alpheas’ order, there was no need to think privately.
Olivia’s ferocious gaze turned to wonder.
I’ve known for a long time that I have a personality that doesn’t know how to compromise, but I didn’t know that I would make such a tight decision.
“Are you okay? The black box contains all the information about this confrontation. Not only Dante’s Pascal, but also Sirone’s magic circle. It would be a great help if you just copied it. Even if the kingdom puts security on it, it will cost a lot of money to take it.”
Olivia looked at it subtly, but Alpheas didn’t even worry about it.
“It belongs to Sirone. No one can access information without Sirone’s permission.”
“Maybe Sirone will allow it. Think carefully. You can make decisions for the prosperity of your alma mater, and above all, it is to contribute to the wizarding community. Sirone is also benefiting from the achievements of many genius mages.”
Olivia was right at first glance. Without the noble sacrifice, challenge, effort and talent passed down from the ancestors, mankind’s magic would not have developed to this point.
That’s why Alpheas also submitted a thesis on quantum theory that revolutionized photon magic as if dedicating it to the nation.
However, Alpheas’ thoughts did not change.
“As long as Sirone is alive, you can always choose. But not now. It’s something you just have to decide for yourself when you really feel the need. Presenting options in this way is no different from forcing them.”
Olivia chuckled and clicked her tongue. In the past and now, to be honest, it was first class.
‘but… … That’s why I liked it.’
The confrontation was over, but no students left.
The highlight of this duel. It was to watch Dante kneel down to Sirone.
However, Dante, who was defeated, was not able to open his eyes easily even with the teachers’ recovery magic.
Sabina shook her head and wept.
“Dante loses. no, it can’t be like this I’ve beaten a lot of strong players so far, but the record of being undefeated in a rural school like this can’t be broken.”
“Sabina, calm down. For now, let’s just hope that Dante is safe.”
Closer grabbed Sabina by the shoulder and calmed her down. But Sabina, already full of her emotions, could not accept her reality.
Isn’t there such a day in life? The day when variables that cannot happen with common sense continue to arise and everything gets twisted.
For Dante, today is such a day.
“Dante is invincible! The synchro rate was also 50%. At the Royal Academy of Magic, I even fought with 100% accuracy! There’s no way I could lose to a country boy like that!”
“Hmph, yes, it’s just a simulation.”
At Canis’ words, Sabina jerked her head away.
“what?”
“Dante never fought a giant. Even with an archangel.”
“What are you talking about? Mocking Dante is unacceptable!”
“I mean, have you ever risked your life against an enemy you could never defeat? It doesn’t matter if it’s 2,000 times or if the sync rate is 100%. It’s not like that in real life.”
Sabina gritted her teeth.
Amy continued.
“Dante doesn’t know how to fight. Of course, it’s a skill that can be eaten in real life. But Sirone always risked her life until she came to this place.”
Canis nodded.
“Two thousand times. It’s not like real life. But isn’t it real? That kind of thing isn’t very fun. Do you know what it’s like to risk your life? When you stand on the border between life and death, thinking stops and all you want to do is live. In such a situation, somehow maintaining reason and fighting, that’s what real combat is all about.”
Sabina was fussy like a child. Because she had been lynched by Nade, she could understand what Katniss was talking about.
However, they do not know what kind of determination Dante fought with.
Even if you demean it as a simulation, there is a fact that does not change even if you ridicule that you only fought against opponents who could win.
For Dante, the 2,000 battles were everything in life.
Tears welled in Sabina’s eyes.
“no. I mean no. Dante… … Dante really fought for his life.”
There was silence for a while. Sirone’s friends also didn’t want to mock Dante’s group anymore.
No, to be honest, the pain they ran rampant for a semester couldn’t be solved with this.
But Dante was strong. To the extent that it is enjoyable to be colleagues competing on the same line. Even though he lost to Sirone, as a result, his friends saved face and fell down.
After an awkward time, Dante finally came to his senses.
The students, who had been chattering with excitement, kept silent all at once and turned their heads two thousand times.
I felt sorry for Sabina and Closer. I would rather have passed out by the end of the day, but the problem was that the student with the best defense was also quick to recover.
As Sirone approached, the students even held their breath. Dante struggled to look up at Sirone, then lowered his head again to see if it would help. And he started muttering something to himself.
Sirone waited patiently.
Finally Dante stopped muttering and raised his head again.
There is no more exchange of information. Winners and losers were decided, and all that was left was to collect the loot.
“Kill him.”
Dante made a shocking declaration.
Sirone kept her mouth shut and glared at Dante.
A murmur was heard everywhere. She never thought that she would rather die than fall to her knees.
Words flowed out, saying that he was immature and that he acted unbecoming of a man.
But Sabina knew. Dante’s words were neither forced nor childish.
– I will become the greatest wizard. To do that, you have to train 2,000 times like a real fight.
-But Dante, no matter how much, 2,000 times is a simulation. There is a judgment, and there is no choice but to be different from the actual battle.
Sabina could not forget what Dante had said at the time.
– I guess so. But you can’t become a great wizard by training like other students. So I decided. If I lose in two thousand, it will mean my death.
Of course I was young.
Sabina also thought it was nothing more than a determination to make up her mind before a match.
However, as time passed, I came to know Dante’s true heart.
There were really many situations where I could have lost while playing 150 or 200 matches.
But in the end, Dante was victorious.
After 400 wars passed like that, Dante must have felt the feeling that the words of the time had become blades and were driving him.
As a result, Dante grew rapidly, and achieved a phenomenal record of 472 wins in 472 matches.
Alpheas felt that things were taking an unusual turn.
“I thought you were thinking like that.”
I turned to Olivia, but she also shook her head as if I had never heard of it. I never expected that Dante would really risk his life in a confrontation. The will to become the best wizard is good, but it goes too far for an 18-year-old boy’s resolution.
Then I suddenly realized.
As an 18-year-old boy, the pressure to keep the top spot must have been even greater.
How good it was to be featured in a magazine, admired by all students, and knocked out rivals.
Dante’s motive for making an extreme choice was obviously his own responsibility.
Dante said it again, as if he wasn’t lying.
“Kill it. I’ve never thought of losing to anyone. it’s my defeat If you don’t want to get your hands dirty, I’ll do it myself. But I will never kneel to you.”
Sirone lowered his head and sighed.
Dante was making a very grave mistake. How you handle your life is your own mind, but if you say it out of your mouth, it will hurt someone and anger someone.
“Because I lost… … Are you going to die?”
“okay. That is my resolution for this confrontation.”
“why? What are you like?”
The students widened their eyes in amazement. Dante shuddered with shame. But at this moment, the person with the most intense emotions was Sirone.
“If you ask others to kneel so easily, you’re saying you can’t even do that?”
“You sound stupid. I really risked my life. I’m saying that I, who might become my lifelong rival, will disappear on my own.”
“Are you that great?”
Dante’s impression crumpled again. Although we lost, we had a good fight. He thought that if it was Sirone, he would understand his feelings.
“You think you paid for the name of being the best talent in the kingdom? Of course, I have no intention of making excuses. But you also didn’t beat me easily, did you?”
“The best of the kingdom? so what can you do? Are you saying that even war can be stopped?”
“what?”
“If you are such a great person, change even one small thing. You can’t do anything. But what the hell are you risking your life for defeat?”
Dante’s expression was distorted, but Sirone continued to shoot.
“No war, no famine, no civil war, nothing can stop it. But what? best kingdom? Are you great?”
Dante came short of breath. Every word from Sirone pierced her head, chest, and heart like a dagger. it’s falling like that Something about her was falling into the abyss.
“Even if you die, the world will not change. No one takes your death seriously.”
Dante couldn’t stand it any longer. If I stayed like this, I felt like I would fall all the way to the bottom.
“shut up! Are you arrogant that you won once? Shall we really stick together this time?”
“Dante.”
Sirone looked at him with pitying eyes.
“You are just human.”
Dante’s face went pale. It felt like something around his own shell had been shattered.
Suddenly, Kanis’s words came to mind.
-Because you’ll feel like you’re being stepped on as far as you can imagine.
It wasn’t a fight in the first place. What Kanis said was true without exaggeration.
“No archmage, no, no one can change the world alone. Because you are human. That’s why you have no right to die.”
The students were silent with solemn hearts. So were those who mocked Sirone as a coward for refusing to fight Dante.
The business card of the kingdom’s greatest talent.
It was definitely a name like a dream for an aspiring wizard. However, from a distance, he was also a subhuman notion created by human hands.
“That child… … ?”
Olivia asked Alpheas. Who Shirone was would be detailed in her student records, but that wasn’t what she wanted to know.
Alpheas finally confessed the truth.
“Sirone… … met maze And I met Archangel Ichael in Heaven.”
Olivia turned her head with a surprised expression.
Alpheas smiled bitterly and nodded.
“okay. You are one of the few humans who know the truth.”
Olivia was deep in thought.
Even now, this world is maintained by one magician.
Knowing that fact, in Sirone’s eyes, everything in human affairs must have looked even more insignificant.
“He’s a strong kid. Most would have been terrified or resigned.”
“It wasn’t like that from the beginning. He was a shy, talkative kid.”
Alpheas remembered the day he met Sirone. The 12-year-old boy, who had been wading through his classes with his ears over his wall, has now grown into a promising prospect anywhere in the kingdom.
—————————————

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-256.txt
=============YYYYY=============
[256] Another Sky (6)
“Competition is not just a system to determine first place. It is a process of finding one’s own while encountering numerous philosophies. Obsessing over rankings is foolish.”
Olivia looked at Dante pitifully.
There is no lie in Sirone’s words. Changing the world is different from winning first place in a magic school.
Mackline Guffin, who is said to be the most powerful wizard in human history, even though he cannot even confirm his true identity.
And his chosen successor, Adrias Miro.
Even they had to make great sacrifices to protect this world.
“Can Dante become as strong as Sirone?”
“Everyone will be strong. All the students here.”
Olivia closed her eyes.
With this, the confrontation is over. And this was the end of the tough relationship between himself and Alpheas.
“I lost. I will resign my position as principal and leave the school.”
Alpheas said with a smirk.
“Is it okay if you stay as is?”
“What are you talking about? Your term of office will end soon anyway.”
“Stay at school and help me out. As I get older, it’s hard to be alone. In other words, I want you to become the vice-principal of this school.”
Olivia’s eyes narrowed.
To sympathize with yourself, who even served as the principal of the Royal Magic School. Also under the terribly hated Alpheas.
I was trying to bury it here. No matter what I did, I couldn’t beat this snake, so I tried to forget about it and live.
However, it seemed that Alpheas could not stand it because he wanted to torment himself until the end.
Of course, the intention of the proposal can be guessed. If Jerome Olivia is the vice-principal, the school’s reputation will rise in an instant. In addition, he also made many innovations while staying here.
That’s why I have to reject it all the more.
He couldn’t fall for Alpheas’ trick to catch both fame and ability at the same time.
“consensus? I’m crazy? Why should I help you do that?”
Alpheas took out his trump card without hesitation.
“That night… … When you come… … .”
“stop! please!”
Olivia shouted, closing her eyes tightly.
Could there be such a cruel person in the world? What the hell is wrong with me?
I thought it was an opportunity to get revenge when someone I hadn’t contacted for over 10 years suddenly came to visit me.
But now it was a thousand regrets that he couldn’t return the day he came to visit him.
Tears welled up in Olivia’s eyes.
“you… … Really selfish.”
Alpheas stopped joking and spoke seriously.
“Don’t do that, stay. When you’re free, let’s drink tea together and take care of the flower bed. and… … Say hello to Erina.”
Olivia’s eyes lit up with flesh. Saying goodbye to his deceased wife, while she was obviously aware of her own feelings.
Why should I suffer this humiliation?
I just liked it. What did I do wrong that this human being wants to drop me to the end of hell?
“You really… … !”
Olivia, who was about to raise her voice, stopped talking when she saw Alpheas’ eyes. A different emotion than before was revealed in his eyes.
“You, please… … .”
Alpheas shook his head. She knew Olivia would be disappointed, but he couldn’t hurt her twice.
However, it was a clear fact that it was different from 30 years ago. Maybe it was.
“Don’t get me wrong. Yeah, I know what you’re thinking, but honestly I’m not sure. He may not be able to let go of Erina until he dies. I can’t guarantee you anything.”
Olivia’s eyes grew a little cold. But she wasn’t like the first time.
“But why are you doing this? What could her dead wife get from me holding her heart? What, like a body? As you get older, does the loneliness pierce your bones?”
Alpheas looked up at the sky.
“Maybe it could be. It is not a rational conclusion. I just thought that if it wasn’t now, I wouldn’t have another chance. That’s all.”
Olivia put on a blank expression. Alpheas smiled shyly and said. Even if she thought about it, it was nonsense.
“Is this a bit selfish?”
Olivia shook her head.
“no. Do you know what it really is to be selfish? It’s the first time you’ve been honest about your feelings.”
“Sorry. I couldn’t help it either. It was then. You know, you couldn’t help it.”
Olivia took a long breath and thought.
“So what are you really asking me to do? Are you asking me to try hanging again at this age? Then, maybe you can accept it?”
“I still don’t know how to feel. No matter how long I live in the world, I don’t know this. But I will try.”
Olivia forced herself to hold back the tears.
I should be angry at the selfish proposal, but the moment I heard that I was trying, I felt pathetic and miserable when I felt that the anger I had so far disappeared.
Olivia let out a deep sigh. Alpheas’s words made some sense. To be honest, she didn’t want to live a calculated life.
A second-class wizard. What is there to be afraid of in life when you have achieved everything you want to achieve?
It’s enough to just leave your body as your emotions move and as time goes by. I thought it was an acceptable age.
“Take a tour of the library. Why don’t you drink tea first.”
This time, Alpheas made a surprising expression. His wife lives in the library. She already knew that she was a fool, she was a woman, but she didn’t know that she would drop everything again.
After reading Alpheas’ thoughts, Olivia shook her finger.
“Don’t get me wrong. That’s why I didn’t accept the offer.”
“Then why are you standing there?”
Olivia remembered something from long ago. Destroying Erina’s portrait in front of Alfeas’ eyes was a nightmare she could not forget even now.
“For Erina-san… … I have something to apologize for.”
A smile finally spread across Alpheas’ face.
“However much. Shall we go then?”
When Alpheas left first, Olivia noticed the other teachers, cleared her throat once, and quickly followed.
Teachers were so dumbfounded.
I couldn’t hear what they were talking about in detail, but since the confrontation was over, one of them expected that it would be four months.
However, when they fought to death with their disciples, they always stood side by side and left, and they were dumbfounded.
On the other hand, the kill line, which had been on the rise with Dante’s interview, was hopeless. It can be seen as the birth of a new star, but the problem was his own future.
So far, Dante has monopolized the star. But in the end, he passed away, and now it was Sirone’s world.
In the future, numerous correspondents will scramble to capture Sirone, so the competition rate will be no joke.
Also, their first elimination target was, of course, themselves.
Killine’s eyes twinkled as she rolled her head. Now that she has become like this, she has no choice but to go big and lay the foundation for her later days.
When everyone else is trying to catch Sirone, he will bet against him and get the scoop.
Killline walked over to the video recorder. But when he arrived, the video recording device was lying on the floor.
She looked at me in bewilderment and asked with cold eyes.
“What happened? Why is this down?”
“Uh, that… … The bracelets are all broken. The video recording device is also linked. That way you can shoot battles. Then, at the end, he collapsed with a bang.”
The video archive shrugged as if it was force majeure.
Killline was about to shower her with swear words, but took a deep breath to calm herself.
Since the obscura is a sensitive object, there is a risk of breaking it even with a slight impact.
“Check it out quickly! I mean Obscura. Without it, we can’t article anything.”
“Ah, I see.”
The video archive opened the body and looked inside.
After looking around for a while, he let out a sigh of relief and turned his head.
“are you okay. The Obscura is unharmed.”
Killine’s heart rate finally returned to normal.
“Whoa, that’s good.”
After returning the students safely, Shiina finished her mission and approached.
“What happened? Any problem?”
The video archiver burst out laughing.
“Ahaha, that… … .”
Killline suddenly shouted.
“Unbelievable!”
It was the same behavior as a correspondent’s instinct.
When the video archiver and Shiina looked back with puzzled expressions, she put on a sad face.
“The Obscura is cracked. Corrupted Obscura cannot play video. In the end, I couldn’t contain anything.”
Shiina also let out a sigh of regret. Today’s confrontation was high enough to become a textbook for many students.
The fact that the obscura containing the battle between Sirone and Dante was broken was a loss for the entire kingdom, apart from personal regret.
But at the same time, I also felt fortunate.
I heard that Principal Alfeas ordered Sade to destroy the black box.
Of course, what was contained in the Obscura is just a simple video, but since it has become like this, it was good to have a clear crackdown.
“Oh, that’s too bad. I’m sorry.”
Shiina half-truth and half-false words of consolation and left.
As she walked away, the video archiver looked back at the kill line as if asking what he was doing.
But nothing caught her eye. Only one thought filled her head.
The best correspondent for the Teachers’ Association will always be you.
‘Whoop whoop! Scoop, scoop!’
Truth Revealed (1)
A week has passed since the confrontation between Sirone and Dante.
Olivia was still serving as interim principal, and it was rumored that she would be reappointed as assistant principal starting next semester.
This was shocking news for the students.
Olivia is a 2nd class archmage.
It was unimaginable that he would work under Alpheas if he returned to the Royal Magic School.
But if the rumors are true, it’s really exciting.
Starting with Alfeas, the personality, and Olivia, the best teacher in the kingdom, entering the school, the school’s reputation would skyrocket.
Maybe that’s why the atmosphere of the students was good even during the chaotic time with only one month left in the semester.
Olivia often went for walks with Alpheas.
Still, the two disagreed like fire and water, but I had never seen it turn into a major fight.
Olivia fired like fire, but whenever Alpheas said something, she shut her mouth as if she had been splashed with cold water.
Based on that fact, the teachers and students thought that Olivia must have found some weakness in Alfeas.
Today, Olivia had a leisurely time wandering around the campus with Alpheas.
Most of the curriculum was revised during the semester, so only the teachers were busy.
“I’m going to plant roses on this side.”
Olivia said, spreading her arms as if measuring the width of a flower bed.
Students passing by saw her and said hello.
“Hello, Principal Olivia!”
Olivia greeted them with a friendly smile.
“Okay, is class over?”
“yes. I am going to the library now.”
“I see. But since it’s practice time, can I not go to the training ground?”
“Ah, there was 2,000 classes today. I’m trying to condition myself. I didn’t know before, but now that the 2,000 is introduced, it seems to be difficult because it is intertwined with the practice period.”
“It could be. I’ll make a suggestion at the teachers’ meeting.”
“uh? really? thank you!”
The students ran away to the library in joy.
It was Olivia’s educational policy to respond quickly to increase efficiency rather than adhere to grandiose philosophies.
“principal!”
Sade shouted from afar and came running. Judging by the look on his face, it seemed like something big was going on.
However, Alpheas and Olivia, who had gone through all of the prenatal battles, were not worried in advance.
“What is it, Mr. Sade?”
Saad gasped for breath and swallowed before pulling out a magazine from his heel.
It was <Spirit>, a magazine published by the Teachers Association.
Olivia belatedly sensed the situation.
Well, since an unknown student defeated Dante, the best in the kingdom, it seemed like he knew without even seeing how exaggerated it must have been.
—————————————

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-257.txt
=============YYYYY=============
[257] The Truth Revealed (2)
“Come to think of it, today is the publication date. The story of our school must have come out well, right?”
Olivia asked as she handed over the magazine.
When the word “our school” came out of her mouth, Alpheas smiled happily.
However, the good atmosphere disappeared the moment I saw the cover.
The headline article contained shocking information.
Blitz! Interview with Sirone’s parents!
Is the student who defeated Dante the son of a mountaineer?
Olivia tilted her head.
It’s not Sirone, it’s an interview with my parents. Besides, what is the son of a mountaineer?
Killline was venomous, but she wasn’t stupid enough to post ridiculous distortion articles.
A cold sweat ran down Alpheas’ spine.
It was a fact, not a distorted article.
At present, only a few people at school know about Sirone’s origins.
Of course, if the kill line is determined to track down the identity, it’s a very easy thing to dig out. With the reporting skills of a professional correspondent, Sirone’s parents couldn’t stand it.
Olivia opened the magazine and read quickly.
The process by which Sirone subdued Dante was described in detail and even included photos.
I heard that the Obscura was broken, but it must have been a lie.
But the article was not a lie.
There is a degree of distortion, but if you wrote an article like this as a fabrication, there is no doubt that it would have been a feeling of being kicked out.
‘Is it true? Sirone… … A mountaineer’s son?’
Olivia looked back at Alfeas as if asking for an explanation.
Alpheas nodded with a bitter expression.
“It’s true. Sirone is the son of a mountaineer. However, at the recommendation of the Ogent family, I was admitted through a special screening process. Even the teachers don’t know. Even THAAD didn’t know.”
Olivia showed her sad feelings.
“It doesn’t matter. Why did you hide it even from me? At least I, the principal, should know.”
Alpheas also had an unfair part.
He knew better than anyone that Olivia was a prudent and heavy-mouthed person. The problem is, I didn’t know that this would happen.
“I hid it and slept, and I didn’t even keep it in my head. It’s been a year already, and no one has wondered about Sirone’s origins.”
When Alpheas spoke with a teary face, Olivia also stopped resenting and fell into thought.
Sirone’s human figure certainly has a unique corner. It was also true that he was not very interested in his origins when he hung out with him.
But where there are a lot of people, anything happens.
“Anyway, I was naive and fell for it. No matter how many allies Sirone has, there will always be students who are jealous. You don’t have to be thinking all the time. If I had known, this would never have happened in the first place.”
Alpheas also had nothing to say this time.
He excelled at caring for students, but had no talent for politics.
Olivia crossed her arms and pondered, then made a decision.
“Mr. Sade.”
“Yes, Headmaster.”
“Call the kill line right now. As soon as you receive the message, come to me. If he doesn’t come within 24 hours, tell him I’ll come find him myself.”
“All right.”
Saad lowered his head and turned around.
@
When Sirone’s origins were revealed, Alpheas Magic School was turned upside down.
Teachers were also shocked, but as expected, it was the students who spoke out.
Olivia’s prediction was correct.
Everyone seemed to like Sirone, but there were a handful of students who were swept away by the public flow and couldn’t express their opinions. It was the kind of person who envied Sirone’s talent.
Then, when this incident broke out, they began to sell Sirone like a fish out of water.
After class, the canteen on campus was full of students.
Although the advanced class practice test is over, there is some time to spare, but the library is not suitable for talking about Sirone, which is becoming an issue.
In particular, the middle-ranking group of Class Four, who occupied the table in the corner, were zealously cutting Sirone down as if they were paid money to move.
“Sheesh! does this make sense? To think we went to school with commoners.”
“A commoner is not just a commoner. You are a mountaineer I can’t go because my level is low.”
“For some reason, I sometimes see a dull spot. You can’t lie about where you’re from. It’s only been a year since you learned magic. That’s why I couldn’t even cast basic magic.”
Of course, they were ignoring one fact.
The point is that such a sirone became the top of the advanced class in one year. No, the kingdom was the best.
Everyone felt the contradiction about it, but no one said it out loud.
What they want is to take this opportunity to completely crash Sirone, whether he is a genius or not.
Closer, who was leaning back on the keyboard of the concession stand, grumbled at their chatter.
“It’s not too crazy. Even without Sirone, things you wouldn’t be able to go to first place.”
Sabina didn’t like the way she hid in a corner and wentssiped about someone.
Of course, even to her, Sirone is an enemy she cannot like. However, the pride of competing head-to-head with the best group refused to compare them.
“Dante, how are you?”
“what?”
Dante was watching the menu on the keyboard, paying no attention to Sirone’s gossip.
“I mean Sirone. Actually, it’s shocking. You weren’t a noble.”
Dante blinked and looked back at his friends.
“Hey, what do you guys want to drink?”
Sabina raised her hand and said.
“I like orange juice. My skin has been rough lately, so I need to take some vitamins.”
“okay? Then I’m thirsty, iced coffee. Are you a closer?”
Closer stared at Dante.
The day after losing the 2,000 match, Dante took a break without even going to class. The anti-magic was properly applied, so the school was considerate, but in fact, the injured place must have been the heart, not the mind.
A day passed like that, and the next day, Dante appeared in front of people.
It was natural that the eyes of the children were focused on him, but he took the class with the same attitude as usual as if nothing had happened.
‘Dante, are you really okay?’
I don’t know what he’s thinking.
If he planned revenge, he would prepare a match, and if he acknowledged Sirone, it was right to leave school. The semester was coming to an end anyway, so it was time for him to pack up.
However, Dante did not say anything about further matters.
“Hey, Dante-senpai… … .”
A girl from Class 5 approached Dante with a flushed face.
“huh?”
Dante looked back at her as he bit into the straw in his iced coffee.
“Hey, I was really impressed with this match.”
Closer and Sabina felt their hearts drop.
Even if you don’t notice, it’s enough, and you spit out what the person concerned is silent.
However, the immature girl seemed to believe that if she was sincere, she could say anything.
“Even though he lost, I don’t think Dante sunbaenim lost. Why, there is such a thing, eternal rivals. In the next match, Dante will be able to win.”
Sabina secretly studied Dante’s eyes.
Contrary to expectations, Dante blinked his eyes without revealing any particular emotion, then spoke indifferently.
“Ok, thanks.”
Dante’s friends are shocked.
Dante thought that one defeat was death. Such a calm response was rather unusual.
‘Certainly, the shock of the defeat didn’t make my head go crazy, right?’
After hearing the words of thanks from Dante, the girl quickly returned to her friends’ seats with an excited face.
Come to think of it, all the students were watching this way. The voices stopped before I knew it, and the canteen was silent.
Only then did Dante realize that all eyes were on him, and he looked around. Then, as if she didn’t care, she sat down at an empty table and sipped her coffee.
Closer brought the same coffee Dante ordered and slammed it on the table. Then, sitting across from him, he asked in a whisper.
“What the hell are you doing?”
“what?”
“I mean Sirone. No matter how much I think about it, it’s strange that you don’t say anything.”
“Then what are you talking about?”
“Sirone, say yes. But now that the confrontation is over, something needs to be said. Are you really going to sit down like this? You don’t have to take back the title of the best student in the kingdom.”
Dante laughed. It was a self-deprecating laugh.
“The best student in the kingdom? well… … .”
Closer, frustrated by Dante’s lukewarm response, tapped his chest.
It was clear that he was in a serious slump.
The shock of losing to Sirone was so great that his motivation and passion disappeared.
“you really… … !”
The moment the impatient closer was about to raise his voice, the door of the store opened and two people entered.
Coincidentally, it was Nade and Iruki.
The eyes of the students were naturally focused on it.
It was a situation where the parties who had been in a fierce confrontation for three weeks were reunited.
It was regrettable that Sirone could not be seen, but on the other hand, I wondered why he would carry his head high.
All the students in the school have a higher rank than Sirone.
They were aristocrats, and Sirone is a commoner.
According to social norms, Sirone was the one who had to lick his toes without muttering.
Of course, as an intellectual, I knew that wasn’t exactly right, but I had no intention of giving up the advantage I had been given since birth.
The atmosphere in the store was strange, so Iruki looked around and found Dante.
Dante also met his eyes without avoiding it.
The students waited for the encounter of the two without even breathing, but contrary to expectations, the words spoken by Iruki were bland.
“Are you here? It’s a big deal. I thought you wouldn’t go to places like the canteen.”
Dante held up the coffee.
“Because I am thirsty. What are you doing?”
Since childhood, Iruki had a peculiar taste, so he did not buy food except for special occasions. Because he thinks it reduces brain function.
At that time, because he was young, his classmates looked at him strangely, but Dante thought there was a point.
That’s why even after a long time passed, I remembered Iruki’s eating habits.
Iruki shrugged his shoulders and walked to the keyboard.
“Sirone didn’t eat dinner. I want to buy you something.”
Dante nodded as if he understood.
“okay. How is Sirone?”
“what… … just like that I think I was a bit shocked though.”
“okay? That is surprising.”
Dante was sincere.
He was the one who personally experienced how huge the size of his thoughts was while exchanging super-fast information in 2,000 confrontations. I thought that I was never the type to go out of my way over something like this.
“that is… … Sirone thinks horribly of her family. Killine must be upset that she took an interview of her parents without permission.”
Dante thought of the kill line.
If it was her, that was enough.
Parents’ guilt would be indescribable if they knew that the school was turned upside down.
Sirone didn’t like that, and that’s why she was waiting for this situation to pass as quickly as possible.
“Hey, Iruki, would you hang out with Shirone in this situation?”
James, one of the boys who had been gossiping about Sirone, jumped up and pointed at Iruki.
The middle-ranking group wanted the faction of Dante and Sirone to confront each other. This is because if the exhausting struggle continues to the end and they self-destruct, they also have a chance to rise up.
However, when the expected conflict did not occur, he decided to go ahead and provoke Iruki himself.
“If you are a Mercodyne, you are the best family in the kingdom. Don’t you feel betrayed? Even though Sirone is far below you, she is disguised as the same class as you. But does it make sense that you’re running errands for that bastard’s bread?”
Iruki shook his finger as if he was rather proud.
“Why can’t you talk? First of all, Sirone is my friend. And now I’m hungry. After all, we already knew where Sirone came from. Isn’t it natural that we’re friends?”
“What, what?”
James opened his mouth with a puzzled expression.
Since the three musketeers stick around every day, there is a possibility that Sirone said something. But knowing that, how could we be friends?
—————————————

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-258.txt
=============YYYYY=============
[258] The Truth Revealed (3)
Nade came out. She’s the kind of person who likes to hang out with all the students, but she couldn’t help but take sides now that she’s in this situation.
“You guys, stop now. Of course, it’s shocking that Sirone is a commoner, but that doesn’t mean he lied on purpose. If I had asked, I would have been honest. Because Sirone has such a personality. It’s not good for students from the same school to attack each other for things outside of competition.”
“compete? don’t bullshit Commoners, commoners! Are you friends with commoners outside? that’s not it! How can you accept Sirone when you are also in the position of being helped by many commoners in your family?”
Nade sighed.
I couldn’t understand the language, so it was useless to try to convince him.
Of course, there was some truth in James’ words, and it wasn’t that their feelings were incomprehensible.
But what? Sirone was already his most precious friend, and he never wanted to see him sad.
James thought that Iruki and Nade had already taken a bean pod against Sirone, so he changed his target to Dante.
“Dante! you say something Of these, you are the one who gets the most heat. Because I was humiliated like that by a commoner!”
Dante put on a puzzled expression.
“I’m pissed, but are there any commoners or nobles? I just lost because I lost.”
He was the first to reveal his feelings about the confrontation, but even he was plain.
James finally realized what was going on.
It’s Dante’s group and Sirone’s group, and they don’t want to get entangled with the middle-ranking group.
It was clear that he was ignoring reality, as if he would be on the same level as himself if he spoke ill of Sirone.
James lowered his head and swayed, then fired impatiently.
“Was it like that after all? Do you all want to F*ck Sirone? Because no one can beat Sirone at school anymore! If you take the side of Sirone, you will think that you look amazing too, right? There is no difference between you and me. In the end, it’s just the same loser!”
Dante said, spinning the ice in the iced coffee.
“That went a little too far. I lost, but why are you excited?”
“You are the one who doesn’t pretend! To be honest, I can’t stand it. Does it make sense to lose so miserably and be okay? say it. You were beaten so badly by Sirone that you passed out. What are you thinking about living?”
“Because these kids want to see you!”
Closer couldn’t stand it and left. Before Dante’s defeat, the children who hadn’t even met eyes were running amok.
“it’s okay. stop.”
After drying the closer, Dante looked up at the ceiling. And after thinking for a while, he slowly opened his mouth.
“if… … What if the design of the automaton had been simplified a bit?”
James’s expression distorted at the sudden noise.
“what? What nonsense are you talking about all of a sudden?”
“Pascal’s circuitry should have been a little more intuitive. For example, it would have been better if the roles were distributed in this way, attack if it was offense and defense if it was defense. Could it be that there were too many types of basic magic? If I had only used the wind cutter without the fireball, my mobility would have increased.”
Dante’s nonstop words made the students look dazed.
Iruki and Nade listened intently.
Certainly, if it had unfolded that way, the game would have changed a little bit.
James, on the other hand, was tight-lipped and trembling with rage.
Dante stood up with a cup of coffee and approached him.
“If you ask me what I’m thinking about, all I can think about is magic. Because I go to magic school. What are you really thinking about? Whether Sirone is a commoner or an aristocrat, what does that have to do with your magic?”
James’ face turned red.
As the shame surged in, I felt like I wanted to leave and run away at any moment.
However, I couldn’t show such ugliness in front of my juniors.
He, who had been pushed back by logic, acted forcefully this time.
“Shut up, shut up! How about you? You didn’t even kneel to Sirone. I’d rather kill him or something, but he shouted loudly, and he’s still alive!”
Closer’s eyes went cold.
“James, do you want to die?”
James was frightened and startled, but the words had already come out.
Besides, Closer was the one who was beaten by Iruki, so he couldn’t use force here.
“It’s true! say it! What are you if you are not a person who is different from the outside?”
Dante was silent for a moment.
It wasn’t really a deep thought. I was just waiting for Sirone’s voice to end.
“that is… … .”
Dante said lightly.
“I couldn’t die. Dying is scary.”
“What, what?”
Iruki burst out laughing.
I’m not laughing at Dante.
Dying is, of course, scary for anyone. As Sirone said, it’s because he’s just a human being.
I don’t like Dante, but I liked his automaton-like personality.
“I really fought with the determination to die, but when it turned out like this, I couldn’t die. That’s all. I don’t want to get down on my knees.”
James lost his temper.
Dante and the others and Sirone and the others couldn’t understand at all what they were thinking about. In his eyes, everyone looked like a psychopath.
“haha! ok, now i get it You loser guy! In the end, he gave a tail to Sirone. You were a child who didn’t even have the courage to die from the start! Why don’t we go back to that prestigious Royal Magic School?”
Closer made a serious decision to dump James.
It’s true that until now, I’ve been discouraged by the aftermath of defeat, and I’ve been reluctant to beat someone up. But he couldn’t just let the guy who insulted Dante go.
“Dante, stop interfering now.”
Closer patted his fist and approached James.
But this time, Dante stopped the closer.
“it’s okay. This is also the fate of losers. You can’t prove it.”
Closer made an expression that he was going crazy because he was unfair.
“Dante… … .”
But Dante was really good.
James’ voice was just noise. Words with no meaning.
Didn’t he drop out of school at a young age because he hated children who were passionate about other people’s affairs without even having time to look back on themselves?
Dante responded with a smile to the excited James.
“And James, I am not going back to the Royal Academy of Witchcraft and Wizardry. I will continue to attend Alpheas Magic School, and I will graduate here.”
Closer forgot the resentment he had just a moment ago and raised his eyes in surprise.
It was a sudden remark, considering that he hadn’t even said a word about his future plans.
Sabina asked in disbelief.
“Dante, really? I still haven’t got a definite answer whether Master Olivia will accept the position of vice principal.”
“It has nothing to do with Master. If Sirone is here, of course I should stay too.”
A light of joy lit up in Closer’s eyes.
“You mean to wage a revenge battle? good! When are you going to do it?”
“That is not my decision. I’ve already lost, but I don’t want to force myself. But I still have one chance to make up for it. Can’t we give up that opportunity and transfer schools?”
“huh? A chance?”
Dante looked back at Iruki and said.
“Graduation exam. It is a gateway that no magic school student can avoid. Of course, Sirone will also take the graduation exam.”
Iruki nodded as if it were natural.
“of course.”
Dante was at last relieved.
There were still a few variables to consider, but it was rather refreshing to declare them according to the flow of the situation.
As Sirone said, he is just a human being. He doesn’t have to obsess over trivial odds.
Dante intended to start over from there.
“Closer, I will take my graduation exam here. And I will definitely beat Sirone and graduate with first place.”
Closer flexed his muscles and shouted loudly.
“good! Definitely win this time! Let’s start special training from today!”
Nade said while pulling Iruki.
“haha! Can I get first place that easily? Do you think we’ll just hang out?”
Dante nodded his head as if acknowledging it.
It was true that Nade and Iruki were rivals as strong as Shirone.
“Yeah, go for it. No. 1 will be mine anyway.”
Dante said to James, who was standing in a borrowed bag of barley.
“You prepare hard too. After all, you have to graduate to become a wizard, right?”
James didn’t answer. He just walked out of the canteen with his head down.
The students who had been gossiping about Sirone so far noticed each other and quietly followed suit. Sirone and the others were daunting, but when Dante and the others were said to be competing in the advanced class, it was already dark.
Dante threw the finished coffee into the trash and walked to the door.
“We are going. Tell Sirone that you won’t lose next time.”
Iruki snorted and said.
“How about doing it yourself?”
Dante paused and looked up at the ceiling.
“Well, whatever. when the time comes later.”
Then, as if nothing had happened, I opened the door and left.
The cool personality that doesn’t take anything seriously seems to be her nature.
Then suddenly the door opened again and Sabina entered.
She glared at Nade, pursed her lips, and then, as if determined, strode forward.
Now that Dante has decided to make a comeback, he has to overcome his fear of Nade.
Sabina’s eyes widened as Nade pulled his neck back.
He knew she was afraid of him after the lynching. Of course, it is true that she insulted her family, but she was sorry that the fear of death had been imprinted on her.
“Everything, next time we meet, I won’t leave you alone.”
I could imagine how much courage Sabina must have had to say this.
Nade decided to forgive.
I wasn’t particularly interested in the magician’s license, but I wanted to have a fair competition until graduation.
Nade said with a smile.
“Okay, let’s compete properly next time.”
“joy.”
Sabina ran out of the concession stand, blushing. Her heart thumped at her confidence that she had done it.
Iruki blankly watched as Sabina left.
“What, all of a sudden?”
I couldn’t figure out what the conversation between the two meant because I didn’t know everything.
Even Nade, who normally should have spoken first, kept his mouth shut.
“What? what’s the matter? maybe you… … Are you a little like Sabina?”
Nade shook his hand in amazement.
“no! Sabina… … Oh, I don’t know. There is just such a thing.”
Seeing that he didn’t want to say anything, Iruki didn’t ask any more questions.
Whatever the relationship between Sabina and Nade was, it was the circumstances of the parties.
Of course, personally, I wanted to actively support it. Sabina isn’t to her liking, but she’s all right if she can drive out her revenant that has settled in Nade’s mind.
“okay. Anyway, let’s go buy it quickly. Sirone, I will wait for you.”
@
Supernatural Psychic Research Society.
In the lab where her friends left, Sirone was lost in thought.
On the sofa was the Spirit magazine Nade had brought, and Sirone’s eyes stayed on the page with the interview article of her parents.
“Ha, why… … .”
Sirone couldn’t believe what had just happened.
Of course, I am not ashamed of being the child of a commoner, and I am proud of being the son of my parents.
But now, Sirone was at an age where she knew the world to some extent.
There were many friends at the magic school who were clear-minded, so they hadn’t experienced any particular crisis, but the world’s gaze would have been different.
I wanted to meet my parents. How are you two feeling right now?
Even the father knows that it is not good if his son’s identity is revealed.
How did the alternative kill line make the confession?
I will not be able to forgive her if a coercive method has been used.
‘I hope my mother doesn’t get hurt.’
Since it was published in a magazine published throughout the kingdom, it seemed that permission would be denied if he submitted a leave of absence even now.
Above all, if it was Principal Alpheas, he would think of it as if it were his own business.
—————————————

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-259.txt
=============YYYYY=============
[259] The Truth Revealed (4)
However, Sirone shook her head.
Less than a month left until the end of the semester.
The practical test passed, and all that remained was the theory test.
I had to assume that there would be no time to reinforce the basics if it wasn’t for this period because I would enter the senior class from next semester.
Reasonable judgment was the same, but emotions did not move as expected.
Although Sirone is unmoved by anything, there was no way that books would catch her eye in the yard where her parents were hanging.
It was the same reason why I came into the study group as soon as class was over and was immersed in wandering thoughts.
Nade opened the door to the research meeting and came in.
“Hey Sirone, we’re here.”
Iruki put the bread bag on the table and sat across from Sirone’s sofa.
“I brought you something to eat. You must be hungry, but if you think about it, eat it.”
“Yeah, thank you.”
“I met Dante at the canteen.”
“okay? How are you?”
“How? I was very eager. Guess I’ll stay in school He said he would definitely beat you in the graduation exam and graduate with first place. I told you to tell me myself We will be declaring war sooner or later, so think of lines that will give you a shot in advance.”
Even in the middle of the confusion, Sirone burst into laughter.
Truly thorough and thorough. When Dante and his party became competitors, it seemed that they were already ready for battle.
“Okay, I’ll think about it. I laugh because of you.”
When I said that I was laughing because of you, Iruki smiled bitterly. As expected, even if he didn’t show his expression, it was clear that he was in a bad mood.
Nade, who was wondering if there was any way to make Sirone’s mind a little easier, thought of a rumor and said.
“I heard this during the day, and Principal Olivia must have called the kill line. Perhaps you can come up with some kind of solution. Don’t worry too much.”
“okay… … .”
Sirone also heard rumors that Olivia might be staying at the school.
However, it was unclear how much help they would be able to help in the yard that had already exploded.
The most frustrating thing was not being able to do anything.
Rumors are insubstantial, so they cannot be won in a fight or put in handcuffs and imprisoned.
All Sirone could do was hope that this wind would pass without incident.
@
Received a summons, Killline rode a wagon that night and arrived at Creas.
Olivia is also in charge of the auditor’s position, the highest executive in the teachers’ association, so if she responds clumsily, she will be in trouble.
Killin, who only took care of basic women’s clothing, grabbed a random inn, slept, and headed to Alpheas Magic School in the morning.
The students who recognized her whispered.
It was clear that the article interviewing Sirone’s parents caused a stir. Also, no matter what feelings they had for Sirone, no students were going to see him well.
Killline thought that today’s schedule would not be easy.
‘doesn’t care. It’s something I’ve been prepared for anyway.’
By revealing the origin of Sirone, Dante’s star character is maintained.
Not only did he feed the other correspondents who were searching for a new star, but he was able to continue his life as it is.
Olivia would also want Dante to succeed.
I wouldn’t stand by a stimulating article given my social status, but I had to give a few words of admonition and wrap it up.
Killine straightened her clothes and stood in front of the principal’s office. He cleared his throat, scratched his throat, and reported in a polite cheery voice.
“It’s a kill line.”
“Come on in.”
Olivia’s voice was the part she, as a correspondent, envied the most.
If God permits, I would choose her voice over the position of second-class archmage.
But today, I was in a bad mood.
Her voice, an authority on linguistic magic, has a special power to pierce the human heart.
Listening to it, it was never a good feeling.
When I entered the principal’s office, Olivia was sitting there with a cold expression on her face. Next to her was the unusually former headmaster Alpheas, and across from her was Sirone.
“Hello, Ms. Olivia, Ms. Alfeas. Oh, and how is Sirone?”
Killline made eye contact with all three and greeted them.
no one answered Olivia, in particular, didn’t even tell her to sit down.
“This article… … Can you explain?”
Olivia threw the magazine at Killline’s feet.
You can’t feel good when a magazine containing your articles falls to the floor.
But Killline didn’t show it. He was in a much worse mood than expected.
“Reporting the facts is a correspondent’s job and calling. Is there any problem?”
Sirone’s brow narrowed.
Correspondents have a duty to tell the truth, but they are not the only ones in this world who deserve to pursue precious values.
Even if a clear line cannot be drawn, if there is a duty to fulfill one’s calling, there is also a law to be followed.
As if there was nothing to hold back, Killline held her head upright and overcame the gaze of the three.
Have you experienced this type of coercion once or twice while covering an aspiring wizard?
High-ranking aristocrats lobbied to write good articles, and sometimes unknown gangs attacked and made a mess inside the house.
He overcame all the adversity and rose to this position.
Also, Olivia knew that situation better than anyone else.
As much as she overcame the threats of numerous competitors to make Dante a star, she would not be able to do anything about herself.
“Of course, I expected that Sirone’s interview would create a social impact. But Olivia, it can’t be helped. I just transcribed the contents of the interview. I’m saying that it’s not my fault that Sirone’s origin is different from others.”
Olivia smiled wide.
Is this over? Killline sincerely thought so.
But her smile faded in an instant.
“You’ve grown a lot, Killline.”
Killine’s face hardened.
“A kid who couldn’t even talk to me when he first joined the teachers’ association. Now, beyond being equal, they even try to play with words… … .”
Killline felt that the situation was going strangely, but he himself was in a position to fight on the line.
I’d rather die right here than have my 10-year career go to waste.
“Huh, did you? It was so long ago that I can’t remember. Come to think of it, Olivia-san is that old too. I never would have thought of such an uneducated tone before. It looks like Seppa is scary.”
Olivia and Killline’s gaze collided head-on.
Alpheas couldn’t see it and opened his mouth.
“Mr. Killine, no matter how important the article is, there is no responsibility in documenting a person’s life… … .”
“You are still.”
Olivia cut off.
It’s like a stuffy inspiration tank. Killline is such a venomous child that he is trying to convince him with the theory of personality?
The use of short language in official settings was also directed to pressure the kill line.
Alpheas was embarrassed and kept his mouth shut, but the effect was great.
Killline was still smiling, but her face was as pale as white paper.
“Are you crazy, kill line?”
Killline couldn’t breathe. On the contrary, his heart was frantically pumping oxygen throughout his body.
Even a child knows that if Olivia really tries to step on her, she won’t be an opponent.
I didn’t know why she was so scornful of herself.
It was also for Dante’s sake, and it was true that she had been silently sympathizing with this situation up until now.
“I’m sorry if I’ve been rude. But Olivia, this is unavoidable. No matter how much she is in charge of the teachers’ council, she can’t put outside pressure on the article. If this fact is revealed, I will not be the one to be in trouble.”
Killline’s words had some truth to them.
No one in the teachers’ association had the right to correct what the correspondent of the editorial department actually wrote.
Exceptions were cases where martial law was imposed by the royal family or illegal corruption was revealed in the process of writing articles.
“No, the kill line. You are the one who ends the correspondent’s life. The interview with Sirone’s parents, how did you get it? If you listen to what Sirone says, your parents are never the kind of people who would say things like that carelessly.”
The kill line recoiled slightly.
To be honest, I didn’t know that Olivia would pursue him so persistently, so I was somewhat relaxed about him.
Of course, I didn’t threaten or create a coercive atmosphere. It was just a little bit of a parent’s heart to worry about their child.
“Just what… … I kept asking and he told me. You must have been nervous because it was an interview. There are many people like that.”
Olivia smiled an absurd smile.
“Killin, do I not know you?”
Killline pursed her lips and glared sadly at Olivia.
Olivia knows her method of reporting to the core. Because she joined her and she made Dante her star for 10 years.
That’s why it was even more unfortunate. I felt like I wanted to cry even if I gave him an achievement award, but he called me and put pressure on me.
“As a commoner blinded by the magic society, it would have been over if I emphasized one thing. teacher society. Did Sirone use her status as a student to sell the teachers’ council’s authority? Of course, the parents had no choice but to agree. You will think that students who are stamped out by the teachers’ association are doomed.”
Sirone’s eyes tightened.
If you really pressured your parents like that, it’s absolutely unforgivable.
Killline felt like a rat in a dead-end alley. It was clear to Olivia that she was determined to catch herself today.
But there was still one more weapon left.
It’s self-destruction.
Taking off the mask of pretense, she had tears in her eyes with a sorrowful expression on her face.
“Yes, I did. But why? Olivia knows that too. that’s what everyone does If you can’t even do that, you won’t be able to write an article.”
There was an unspoken threat in Killline’s words. Didn’t Dante do the same?
But Olivia did not raise an eyebrow.
Of course, if you dig deeper, Olivia must have some faults.
However, it was a mistake to think that the teacher council’s appreciation and the second-class archmage of the red line were in the same position as the kill line.
“Killin, I don’t blame you as a correspondent. It is to punish you for betraying me, whom I have believed in for so long.”
The kill line felt like it was going to collapse.
We were talking about doing it if we wanted to. It was a threat to see who would survive when they bit each other.
Rather, if he was of the same type as Alpheas, he would have nothing to fear.
However, Olivia is streetwise and has a somewhat snobbish temperament.
If such a person was born with a genius mind, there was no corner for the kill line to rub from the beginning.
“What have I betrayed? I’ll be honest. I knew Olivia would like it. Dante lost. I just wanted Olivia’s pupil to succeed.”
Olivia finally relaxed her expression.
Since the pretense of the kill line had been stripped away, it could be said that it was a real conversation from now on.
“Thank you for thinking about it, but it is presumptuous. And it wasn’t for me, it was for you. Without Dante, your position in the teacher society will be shaken. But not me. Dante lost, but Sirone won. Sirone is also my disciple, so there is nothing to lose.”
“yes? I beg your pardon?”
Killline made a puzzled expression.
Why is it that Sirone is her disciple?
I looked back at Alpheas, but he had a blank expression as if he didn’t know.
“Sirone is your disciple? Olivia is a temporary worker. I understand that she will quit her job as principal sooner or later.”
“I was going to, but I changed my mind. I stay at Alpheas Magic School. From next semester, I will be inaugurated as vice principal. So you become a traitor determined to ruin the future of my student.”
Killline still didn’t understand her and rolled her eyes in confusion.
—————————————

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-26.txt
=============YYYYY=============
Please enable JavaScript
[Translator – Anwen]
Chapter 26
Black Magician.
A research group created by six problem children, led by Jake.
Aside from Jake, it was a group of students who had no dreams or futures and were students who were repeatedly held back.
There was a time when they, too, were noticed as brilliant talents… If only they had the spirit to try again, they could have made great achievements.
But they took their hands off the competition. In a way, they were the only losers in the fierce competition.
“This can’t be. There must be something wrong.”
Jake shook his head. This may have been possible for Amy, but it should have been impossible for Black Magician to lose to a freshman who had just enrolled.
“Yeah. I didn’t lose. I just got unlucky.”
So far, the students Jake had forced to drop out had excellent grades. How could Shirone even compare? Jake felt he was just unlucky.
‘Doesn’t everyone go through a day like this in their lives?’
‘It’s not over yet. I’m a Class 4. I’m naturally different from those backstabbers who use Anti-Magic.’
After reading Jake’s deadly atmosphere, Shirone tensed. Jake’s Spirit Zone, which turned into a star shape, was felt by Shirone through synesthesia. It felt as if hundreds of archers were aiming their bow at him.
‘What do I do? I haven’t learned magic yet.’
He was able to resist Anti-Magic because it was a battle fought using the Spirit Zone, but a magic battle was a completely different story.
There was no way Shirone, who had not mastered any offensive or defensive magic, could face Jake.
Jake called forth wind between his palms and pressed them down to compress. Then the air began to rotate in the form of a disk. It was Windcutter, a magic that could easily cut through tree trunks.
“I’ll take your arms first. Then your legs.”
Just as Jake was about release the Windcutter, someone grabbed his shoulder from behind and turned him around. The person touched his body at the same time Jake sensed their approach through synesthesia. The speed at which the person moved was inhuman.
Amy’s face appeared right in front of him with eyes glowing red. As her fist smacked his chin, the scenery in front of him shook.
“Argh!”
To a mage who was not well-rounded physically, physical attacks were like rat poison. And in addition to that, being attacked by a punch that contained the power of Schema would do even greater harm. Their Spirit Zone would not be able to withstand it.
Amy got on Jake’s stomach and threw out a barrage of punches. The power of a single strike was like being struck down by a big stone.
“What did you say you were going to do to me? I dare you to blabber again, you bastard! Say it!”
Jake’s head snapped side to side as if it were close to being yanked out. Worried that something terrible would happen if left as is, Shirone ran to Amy.
“Amy, stop it! He’s going to die at this rate!”
“Let go of me, you bastard! You must have thought I was easy to target, Jake!”
“He’s going to die!”
Jake heard the conversation as his consciousness slowly started fading away. He no longer felt pain, only a dull shock traveled from his face to his body whenever Amy struck.
‘Die? I’m going to die?’
The fear of death awoke Jake’s mind. He covered his face with his arms and shouted at the top of his lungs.
“H-Help me! Just spare my life! Please!”
Amy’s eyes watered. She had almost lost her eyes. She had been on the brink of going blind. Remembering that she had been shamed by this good-for-nothing scum, she felt her blood boil even hotter.
“I will never forgive you! You sick bastard!”
“Amy, please stop!”
Shirone tried to pull Amy back with all his might. He felt like he was pulling out a wooden stake stuck in the ground due to her Schema. But, when he pulled her one last time with a forceful tug, Amy fell back and crushed Shirone.
“That’s plenty enough, Amy. Please stop it.”
Shirone was breathing hard. When he came to his senses, Shirone felt something soft and tender against his arm. Realizing that he was pressing Amy’s chest, he hurriedly pulled his arm away.
“S-Sorry!”
Amy was unresponsive. She was only shivering sporadically as she exhaled and inhaled roughly. Her body was clearly reacting to how she was feeling, so Shirone, feeling sorry for her, gently hugged her waist and softly said.
“Amy, because of me—”
“AHH! That felt soooooo refreshing!”
“Ack!”
Amy bounced up, ramming Shirone’s lower abdomen with her butt.
Shirone turned around, clutching his abdomen. If he had been hit a little further down, a horrible situation he did not wish to further imagine could have happened.
“What’s wrong? Are you not feeling good somewhere?”
He was able to avoid the vulnerable spot, but a cold sweat broke out on his forehead because the impact poured downwards. But he did not show it.
“No… It’s nothing.”
“Hehe! Of course you should be. I know how light I am.”
There was no way that Amy, who had been a very curious girl since childhood, was unaware of Shirone’s ‘state’. It was a sign of her own friendliness, as she was poor at expressing emotions. It also reflected Shirone’s success trying to quietly overlook the dangerous collision with Amy a minute ago.
“Anyways, what now?”
Shirone changed the subject and turned to the members of Black Magician. He didn’t notice while they were chaotically fighting, but after assessing the situation after things had settled down, he noticed the condition of the boys was serious.
All of them fainted with bloody noses, and Jake was crawling on the ground, half-dead.
After examining their wrecked faces, Amy decided to cover the situation at this point. She wanted to expel them from the academy, but if the case grew bigger, Shirone’s identity could be revealed.
“Let’s head down. They’ll lay low now that they have something to feel remorseful about.”
“But Sharelle is probably on her way.”
“What? Did you perhaps tell the teacher?”
“Of course. How can I come alone when you’re in danger?”
Amy sighed, facepalming. She could accept the fact that she was humiliated, but Amy thought that she could at least enjoy the victory. However, she was bummed out by the fact that the incident had already been reported to the teachers.
Shirone was deeply moved. The reason Amy was disappointed was because she was trying to keep his secret.
“Thank you, Amy.”
“Hmm?”
[Translator – Anwen]
Join our discord for updates on releases!
“You came here all by yourself because of me. But don’t fret over it. It doesn’t matter if my secret is revealed or not. I’m just glad you’re safe.”
“No, I didn’t……”
Amy avoided eye contact, scratching her cheek. There were times when she felt neglected in the freewheeling atmosphere of the Karmis family. She yearned for human affection. She wandered through the back alleys to search for it. Shirone’s kind words made her happy, but at the same time, she couldn’t completely digest them.
“Hmph! Who said it’s because of you? It was only because I could handle these guys on my own. In fact, I’ve been thinking of doing this for a while now… I just had the perfect chance to carry out that plan today.”
Amy’s cheeks were completely red. Shirone was satisfied. He felt like he knew what she was like.
“Kekeke, you’re so childish it makes me cringe. You call yourself geniuses? As if. You guys are just a bunch of ignorant kids.”
Jake stood up with his hand against a tree. His face was a mess, but his eyes were full of malice.
Amy placed her hand on her waist and spoke.
“You are really pathetic. If you can’t even stand up properly, just stay sprawled on the ground. Are you a pervert? You like being punched by me that much?”
“Puhahaha!”
There was no such thing as defeat in Jake’s mind. After all, it was money that ruled the world. He may have lost this fight, but he still had strong financial power.
Come and read on our website wuxia worldsite. Thanks
“You think everything is over? No, this is just the beginning. Let’s be honest, you can’t actually kill me, can you? Kill me if you’re so confident. You guys will never graduate as long as I’m here. I’ll destroy you guys through any means necessary!”
Shirone was appalled. However, Amy, who had dominated the back alleys since she was young, knew people like Jake all too well.
“Kill you? Why should I kill you? I’d only be wasting my time on a guy like you. But keep this in mind… I won’t kill you, but I can still beat the living daylights out of you.”
Jake flinched as Amy walked towards him with a clenched fist. No matter how hard he tried to stay strong, his body remembered the fear afflicted by her previously.
“…Do you think I’m scared?”
“Did someone say something? Since you’re up and talking, I should beat you again. I still haven’t gotten over what you did to me.”
Jake choked up seeing Amy’s dramatic motion of rolling her shoulders, and his face was distorted in fear.
Screeeeeeeech!
A shrill fricative/sound was heard from the sky. Shirone looked up, but the other two knew without looking.
It was a noise unique to Spatial Warp, an upper-level of teleportation magic.
The moment Shirone thought starlight was shining in the sky, the flash quickly bent and came down to the place where he and the others were.
Sharelle landed with two instructors.
With a restless heart, Amy glimpsed at the instructors’ faces. Then she let out a small sigh.
It was Siena of the Ice and Thadd of the Flames.
‘Ugh, of all the possible teachers…’
Along with Ethella, the youngest instructor at the magic academy, there was no way they would handle this incident lightly.
“Amy! Are you okay? Are you hurt anywhere?”
Sharelle ran to Amy with a crying face.
“Yeah, I’m fine. I’m not so easily beaten, you know.”
Sharelle didn’t miss a small change as she had a sensitive personality. Amy’s bangs, which flowed down as if slightly covering her right eye, were burned.
Although she had thought that Amy’s hairstyle was too retro compared to her pretty appearance, Sharelle’s heart ached when her friend’s hair, which she’d been sticking with for six years, was ruined.
“Why is your hair like that? What happened?”
“Oh, geez! I said it’s nothing. By the way, is it already past 7 o’clock?”
“What do you mean? Do you know how long we’ve been looking for you? I wouldn’t have arrived in time without the instructors.”
The sun had set and it was getting dark.
As the surroundings became dark, Thadd casted a fire magic. The ball of flame soared up and lit up the surrounding area like a small sun.
‘So this is the Fire Sun magic.’
Shirone admired the glowing sphere in the sky. The heat wasn’t felt even though the surroundings brightened as if struck by broad daylight.
This was impossible without converting thermal energy into light energy. According to a book Shirone read, the Fire Sun, unlike its appearance, was an advanced skill and was mainly seen on a battlefield.
Thadd approached Amy with a tearful face.
“What’s going on, Amy! How could a brilliant kid like you do such a foolish thing…”
Thadd, who was only vulnerable to women, did not seem to care about Shirone. In particular, Amy’s grades were first place, her family was first class, and her appearance was also top one, so he couldn’t help but worry.
Disgusted by Thadd’s attitude, Siena turned to Shirone.
“Shirone, can you explain what’s going on?”
“Oh, umm, the thing is…”
“Let me tell you what happened.”
At Jake’s words, the instructors turned their heads. The person who was responsible for the incident said he would explain it. It was questionable whether something went wrong in his brain after being punched so hard numerous times.
But this was also part of Jake’s calculations.
He would only be hit with disciplinary actions. A school that needs the funding of the Ardius family would never be able to throw him out.
On the other hand, what about Shirone? Jake heard clearly about Shirone having some kind of a secret in the conversation a while ago. And along with Amy’s behavior to cover it up. That meant there was something fishy going on.
“I called Amy out. But since her skills are far superior compared to mine, I had no choice but to use Anti-Magic… But it was fair play. The emotions that had stacked up over time eventually led to a battle for pride. As you can see, it’s only our side that has been seriously injured.”
Siena spoke with a disgruntled look.
“Are you telling me to believe that? You guys broke the academy rules.”
“I’m not saying I did anything good. But think about it. If Amy’s a victim, why didn’t she report this? Since they’re trying to cover up this incident, they must be also guilty of something.”
Amy shouted.
“What the hell are you saying?! What do you mean we’re trying to hide something?! You were the one who threatened to kidnap Shirone!”
“Haha! But did we actually kidnap him? We did not. Moreover, Shirone didn’t inform the teachers after reading the note we sent. What do you think this means?”
“You… You bastard…”
Amy couldn’t refute. It would not be understandable to anyone who did not know the actual circumstances behind the matter. After all, Shirone, who had not been kidnapped, came running without reporting to the instructors. However, if she were to tell the truth, Shirone’s secret would be revealed.
Join our discord for updates on releases!
Chapter end

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-260.txt
=============YYYYY=============
[260] The Truth Revealed (5)
To think that she, who had been the principal of the Royal Magic School ten years ago, would become a vice principal at a local school.
It must be true because he is not the type to lie in front of a correspondent.
But why the hell? Did he make a choice that would destroy his career, which he had built up throughout his life, in an instant?
What the hell is this school for?
Alpheas also had doubts.
Although she had become close with her after resolving old grievances in recent years, she was stubborn to the end when it came to being a sympathizer.
“Olivia. you… … .”
“Stay still. We can talk about that later.”
When Olivia looked at her frustrated, Alpheas quickly shut up.
Meanwhile, Killline’s eyes moved quickly. Calculations of her profit and loss ran rapidly through her head.
A minor misunderstanding brought about this situation. No, could this be called an illusion?
It was just Olivia’s whim.
However, if the 2nd class archmage acted capricious, there was no choice but to adjust.
Killline hurriedly dropped to her knees and fell to the floor.
“sorry! I made a mistake without even knowing the topic. I should have sent you a message in advance, but I didn’t even know Olivia was thinking that way, so… … .”
It was inevitable that it would rain.
When she can reasonably crush someone, Olivia becomes the scariest thing in the world.
Hundreds of students who studied with her are sitting in the leadership ranks of all walks of life. Not only would she get her kicked out of her teacher society if she kept her mouth open, but she could be kicked out of society forever.
“I will issue a correction right away. Give me one last chance! I will somehow rectify this situation.”
Olivia let out a long sigh.
If it was that easy, I wouldn’t have created this atmosphere in the first place.
Magazines have already spread throughout the world, and it is impossible to collect them all. Even if it is collected, people’s memories cannot be erased.
“Issuing a corrective article is to escalate the case. Don’t make unnecessary issues.”
“Then what shall we do?”
Killine raised her head with tears in her eyes.
She came in with her head straight, and within 10 minutes she had become a young correspondent who had just joined the Teachers’ Association.
“Do a feature article for two months. Turn your attention to provocative articles such as corruption in each school, sexual harassment of students by teachers, and organ trafficking in the wizarding community. i’ll give you the sauce Sirone and Dante’s names should never be in magazines.”
“Yes, yes, I will.”
“and… … Apologize to Sirone.”
Killline looked back at Sirone on her knees.
Sirone showed complex emotions on his face.
It is true that he is angry, but it was also sad to see the kill line where he fights and bends to protect his rice bowl.
Maybe it’s because she’s an adult. It’s an adult’s life where everything ends with one mistake.
“sorry. I’ll do anything for compensation I can, please give me one more chance… … .”
Sirone didn’t want to hear it.
If that’s the case, I want to scream that I shouldn’t have done it in the first place, but that was also futile.
It was embarrassing to see an adult 15 years older than himself crawling onto his lap and banging his head on the ground.
“That’s Okay. Just go. Because it’s already in the past. You can’t turn it around. But if you get a chance later, I want you to apologize to my parents.”
“Yes, I will see you right away. I’m really sorry.”
Olivia smiled bitterly.
All students would be similar, but Sirone was especially honest. A little brainy kid wouldn’t hit the kill line like this.
‘Honestly, he’s a kid who’s far from lust for fame or money.’
The characteristic of those who have realized the immortal function is that their way of thinking is metaphysical. They have an extreme lack of thirst for the world, pursue ideals, and show deep interest in the world beyond imagination.
Whatever Syrone’s tendencies, Olivia didn’t want to throw the kill line.
Even in monarchies, the power of the press cannot be ignored, and she was smart.
Besides, since he had a high reputation in the correspondent world, it was far more profitable to keep him by his side than to train a new correspondent.
“Killin, you are a capable kid. Make sure you don’t make this mistake again. When this work is over, let’s have a meal.”
“thank you! This will never happen again!”
“Yes, go see.”
Killline bowed her head and backed away.
When this happened, Alpheas and Sirone had nothing to say.
I chose the best solution possible in the current situation, and Killin also felt like falling into hell, so my heart was relieved to some extent.
Olivia turned to Sirone and said.
“I’m sorry. it’s my negligence Of course, technically speaking, this inspiration is not at fault.”
Alpheas covered his mouth as if he was embarrassed and cleared his throat.
Sirone smiled.
This did not relieve all his emotions, but Olivia and Alfeas’ existence was a strong support for him, who had no place to rely on.
Alpheas comforted Sirone.
“This too will pass soon. There is a final exam soon, so don’t think about anything and focus on the exam. Then everything will be back to normal.”
“thank you. I will stop.”
Sirone expressed her sincere gratitude and left the principal’s office.
Although all the protagonists of this incident have disappeared, there is still tension in the principal’s office.
Olivia closed her eyes and thought. She then asked, looking at Alfeas.
“You really think so?”
Alpheas didn’t answer.
If it’s a moderately serious matter, time is the medicine. However, in the case of Sirone, the situation was different.
What they were thinking about was not that Sirone’s origins were low or that they were not qualified to attend magic school.
“I will have no choice but to watch. perhaps… … Nothing may happen.”
“I guess so. but… … .”
Olivia stopped talking.
As Alpheas had said, talking about it now wouldn’t change anything. I just hoped that the terrifying bomb hidden in this incident would not be revealed on the surface.
@
The final exam is over.
In the last semester, we went on vacation right after the exams were over, but there was one more schedule in the second half.
It was the graduation exam of the senior class.
As it was the biggest festival of the Magic School, where all students attended, the atmosphere inside the school was lively.
Sirone’s final grade was 6th in Class Four.
First place was Dante, followed by Sabina, Closer, Boyle, and Pandora.
Under Sirone, Iruki and Nade were seated.
Sirone, who had greatly strengthened the battery, which was her biggest weakness, within a year, was satisfied. On the other hand, Iruki and Nade were stunned for a while, as if shocked by how they fell behind in the theory test.
In terms of the total score combined with the practical test scores, Sirone’s rank was a whopping 3rd.
Dante was first overall, followed by Iruki.
Anyway, since Dante, who took first place overall, was defeated in the 2,000th round, there were many students who sided with Sirone by a narrow margin in the first rank of graduates.
However, in terms of reputation, it was not as good as before.
Because their origins were revealed, the children who had followed Sirone were moving away one by one.
Among them, there were people who blatantly spat words of disparagement at Sirone.
Sirone was hurt every time that happened, but he didn’t show it.
Killline kept his word and no longer appeared in Spirit magazine.
According to Olivia, she went to visit her parents and knelt down to pray.
There are days in life when you fall into a bog, so Sirone thought that this was also the passing wind.
maybe it could have been
However, Sirone’s article, which was published only once in Spirit magazine, came back with a huge aftermath beyond anyone’s imagination.
One day, with 15 days left before the graduation exam, an incident occurred that shook the magic school.
Clap! Clap!
Up to 40 knights were fully armed and passed through Tormia’s noble district. It was a soldier escorting a wagon.
The carriage, decorated with a gold crown, was large enough to eat, sleep, and pack inside.
Even the nobles of the highest ranks did not dare to frown at the march of armed troops occupying the road.
So, it was only natural that the livers of the guards guarding the main gate of the school had become the size of a pea.
When the carriage stops at the main gate, the school’s security system is thrown into chaos.
The Chief of Security ran out in a hurry, and after reading the document handed to him by the lead driver, he ran to the principal’s office, even paler than when he ran.
“principal! It’s a big deal!”
As soon as the head of security knocked, he opened the door to the principal’s office and entered.
Olivia’s impression of hating people with no manners was wrinkled.
However, when the chief of security, who was almost fifty, looked like he was about to cry, he put his emotions aside for a while.
“What happen?”
“I-over there… … who came… … No, look at this!”
The chief of security placed the document on the desk instead of explaining it verbally.
Olivia held up the document and read it carefully out of curiosity rather than nervousness.
“ha… … .”
Olivia put the paper back down and sighed as she touched her forehead.
“Uh, what should I do? Shall I let you in?”
“Of course it should. how can i get rid of it? Please guide me this way. I’ll go out to meet you as soon as I’m ready.”
“All right!”
The chief of security skipped even greetings and hurried away.
Olivia wanted to follow and nag him, but it wasn’t that he didn’t understand his feelings. She probably had a tingling sensation in her hamstrings and had no thoughts in her head.
“at last… … Things have blown up.”
Olivia rested her chin on her desk with her elbows on the desk.
The thing I was worried about finally happened, but I didn’t think it would be such a great opponent.
‘but… … I can’t help but move Seeing an article like that.’
Maybe it’s a good thing for Sirone?
Looking at his inclination, he might rather hate it, but considering his future and life, it was definitely close to a blessing.
“anyway… … I should go out and see.”
Olivia quickly changed her clothes and left the principal’s office.
@
The students stopped and watched as the house-sized carriage crossed the garden.
The size of the wagon is amazing, but it was the first time an armed soldier with weapons entered the school.
“what? What happened?”
“Where was the war? Why do knights come to school?”
A murmur was heard here and there, but the knights moved on without even looking at them.
At last the carriage stopped at the center of the school building.
The knights put their hands on the handles of their swords and stood guard against their son-in-law, as if they would immediately unleash the sword at the slightest hint of something suspicious.
The students who heard the rumors gathered one by one. At last the carriage was filled with hundreds of people.
Even so, the carriage was nailed to the spot without even a slight movement.
After receiving Olivia’s message, Alpheas came out to meet him first.
However, even when the former principal of the school appeared, the knights did not lose their vigilance.
“Principal, what is this? Did anything happen at school?”
Alpheas couldn’t say anything to his disciples.
Even after receiving Olivia’s message, he was dubious, but when he checked it with his own eyes, it was a situation that exceeded expectations.
On the roof of the chariot adorned with a gold crown stood a statue of a lion carved in gold.
There was only one country on the continent that used the symbol of a lion.
Alpheas had just come running, so he didn’t hear the details, but if they came, the reason was mana.
Sirone.
It was Killline’s mistake that ultimately led to this situation.
‘No, should I call this a state of affairs? Maybe for Sirone… … .’
At that moment, the carriage door burst open and an old man with wide eyes came down. As the knights opened the road left and right, they stubbornly kept their mouth shut.
His gait was staggering due to his old age, but the miasma on his face was not an ordinary impression.
Escaping from the escort of the knights, he looked around at the students in the audience and took out a scroll from his bosom with a strong and arrogant expression.
The scroll was also of the finest paper and was bordered with gold.
“I am Ordos, the magistrate of the Kazura Kingdom and a messenger who came to follow the king’s orders!”
—————————————

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-261.txt
=============YYYYY=============
[261] The Truth Revealed (6)
The students involuntarily backed away.
The voice of the old man, who was likely to go into the coffin tomorrow, was louder than the shouts of the young man.
However, once I realized the meaning of the old man’s words, I couldn’t even be surprised at that extent.
Kazura Kingdom was a country located in the northern part of Tormia Kingdom.
Why would an administrative officer who obeys the king’s order come to a local school other than the Royal Magic School?
The students’ doubts were resolved by Ordos’ words.
“Arian Sirone is here! If so, you will have to come out and follow the king’s command!”
As if it were any duty, the students all went to Sirone.
But Sirone was nowhere to be seen.
After the embarrassment subsided, I had a strange thought. Why is the envoy of Kazura Kingdom looking for Sirone?
Alpheas turned to the student next to him and said.
“Won’t you go and get Sirone? It must be urgent.”
“yes? Ah yes!”
The student hurriedly threw himself off and left to find Sirone.
Of course, I don’t know where he is, and it’s almost impossible to find him on this wide campus. However, there was no rush, so I had to move my legs first.
“Arian Sirone! Is Sirone not here? It is the king’s name! Hurry up and come out and follow my orders!”
Ordos screamed loudly at what he was so dissatisfied with.
Of course, if you are an envoy of the Kazura kingdom, you are in a position to carry out the king’s order, so it is clear that no one in this position can be touched.
No matter how high Alpheas was in the wizarding community, it was only a position assigned by the state. No organization can take precedence over the state.
However, it was as if the king of a foreign country had come forward directly, so the students of the aristocratic children who had read The Legend of the King worn out did not even make a sound.
“Sirone! Can’t you come out sooner!”
“I brought Sirone.”
A beautiful voice cut through the metal of Ordos.
Olivia, the current principal of Alpheas Magic School, came holding Sirone’s hand.
It wasn’t difficult to find because I always stopped by the Supernatural Psychic Research Society after class.
Iruki and Nade followed.
Sirone looked around with a puzzled expression.
Almost all the students were gathered, and in front stood a guard and a large carriage that could tell that they were strong just by looking at them.
All I heard from Olivia on the way was that someone was looking for her.
“Sirone, go see that person. He is the messenger of the Kazura Kingdom.”
“yes? Are you buying?”
Sirone looked up at Olivia in surprise.
Syrone now trusts her as much as Killline took care of her when she was cheating, but when she heard that she was the king’s envoy, she couldn’t help but feel uneasy.
Olivia patted him on the back affectionately.
“are you okay. You will find out when you go.”
Trusting Olivia, Sirone took a deep breath and walked towards Ordos.
Ordos glared at Sirone with wide eyes.
It’s obvious, but it felt like my brain was being pierced. Ordos asked with his characteristic raspy voice at the moment when he thought that he would not be able to tell any lies.
“Are you Aryan Sirone?”
“Yes, it is.”
“To lie here is to scorn the Kazura Kingdom! I’ll ask again! Are you sure you are Aryan Sirone!”
“yes! I’m sure!”
Sirone screamed involuntarily.
I don’t know why he had to scream so badly even though he was having a conversation at close range, but it definitely worked.
As my mind went pale, the answer came out spontaneously, as if hypnotized.
Ordos reached out to the assistant shooter standing behind him.
When the assistant shooter handed over a scroll with the royal family’s seal on it, Ordos, who opened it, raised his head arrogantly and shouted:
“Arian Sirone! Before conveying the king’s order, I would like to ask you a few questions. Know that telling a lie or perjury can put your life in danger. You know!”
“all right.”
I didn’t like Ordos’ attitude of calling people over and threatening their lives, but since it was the king’s order, I had no choice but to obey.
Of course, since I hadn’t lived a life of sin, I had nothing to shy away from.
“Aryan Sirone. Is that Ariane Sirone, the son of a mountaineer living halfway up the Valley of Dawn?”
“Yes, that’s right.”
“Arian Vincent, is it Sirone, the child Ariane Olina picked up from the stable?”
For the common people, there is no surname that has a specific meaning.
The reason Vincent and Olina share the same last name is because they are of Aryan race. It is not known to the world because it is a minority, but an ethnologist would have heard it at once and would have known that it was a commoner.
In the end, Ordos’ words showed no consideration for Sirone.
It was a fact that the entire kingdom knew that Sirone was a commoner, even without adding that he was a child picked up from a stable.
“Yes, that’s right.”
Sirone sighed and replied.
I could feel the hateful eyes of the students, but I had already made up my mind.
However, Ordos persistently emphasized only the bad parts, like a person who couldn’t bear to shame Sirone.
“You were raised at the age of 2 months by Vincent, a hunter who lives in the Thorn Mine area located halfway up the Origin Mountains. The abandoned place is a stable. From then on, he followed his father in learning the art of hunting. He later entered the Orgent family as a regular butler and worked there for two years, then became a guest there and entered a magic school. Is this far true?”
One of the students burst into laughter.
“Puhahaha! Even butler!”
The laughter disappeared as soon as the eyes of the surroundings focused, but it was clear that the other students were also laughing inwardly.
A rank butler is an attendant in an aristocratic family who wipes the floor.
Nade looked around to remember the smiling face of the student earlier.
Iruki frowned as if he was offended by Ordos’ words.
Sirone sighed once more.
When he first came forward, he was not in a hurry, but at this point he understood his situation anew.
Everyone is mocking themselves.
It was a terrible thing to see friends who laughed and chatted together not long ago staring at each other like bugs.
“Answer me, Sirone! Is all this true?”
“Yes, it is true… … .”
As soon as Sirone spoke, the students murmured.
Most of them were belittling and ridiculing, and only a few looked at Sirone with pity.
Kanis and Arin, who were listening far away from the crowd, were also among those few.
“I am surprised. To say Sirone was a commoner.”
“Hey, what does that mean? After all, nobles are unlucky. All I know how to do is to promote the family name.”
Kanis and Arin also have no parents. He was abandoned on the street when he was young and spent his childhood in Radum, the shadow of the capital, so the nobles who mocked Sirone couldn’t help but feel sorry for him.
“There are people who don’t. Iruki and Nade, as well as Dante and the others, are in a bad mood. Dante in particular is surprising. I thought he would hate Sirone.”
It must be true that Arin has the ability of supernatural powers.
Canis looked at Dante with displeasure and spat out words as if it meant nothing.
“Sheesh, what does origin matter to magic-crazed bastards? If you’re an aspiring wizard, that’s normal. No, that sucks too. Who do you sympathize with when you were born with a golden spoon?”
Arin smiled.
Sirone had the title of commoner, but they were just rootless illegitimate children. Even if he spoke harshly, it was clear that Canis was also shaken by Dante’s attitude towards people with only magic.
“excuse me… … Amy is coming too.”
Two women were running towards the place Arin pointed to. It was Amy and her best friend Seriel.
“Amy, what the hell is this about?”
Seriel breathed heavily, but didn’t keep her mouth shut for a second.
The first student who received Alpheas’s request was Amy, known as Sirone’s lover.
Of course, there was no way that Seriel, who stood by her side, would not accompany her in such an amazing situation.
“I don’t know! You will know when you go.”
Amy and Seriel made their way through the crowd of students.
Since Sirone’s official lover appeared, the students left without a muttering.
“Sirone! what is this… … !”
Amy made her way through the crowd and swallowed hastily.
Numerous knights were watching everywhere with murderous eyes, and a grumpy old man was shouting evil.
Sirone slightly bowed her head and listened to the old man, as if she had committed a crime and was waiting for a verdict.
Ordos’s criticism of Sirone has reached a point where it’s hard to stop.
He started talking about stories in magazines, and when it was over, he began to spread private anecdotes collected on his own channel.
There was even an anecdote about spending time with children in a slash-and-burn village, and wandering in the mountains for days and days to find food.
From the students’ point of view, everything was new and absurd. Also, to that extent, the fact that Sirone was a commoner touched my heart even more.
The scroll Ordos was holding would contain only the king’s orders.
At this point, the efforts of Ordos, who memorized all the details over 18 years, were also imaginary.
Sirone, the party involved, was in a state of confusion.
The feeling of having all the secrets exposed in front of friends I’ve been with for a year was more miserable than being naked.
“Are all these facts true? Answer me, Sirone.”
Sirone was so excited that he didn’t even know he was clenching his fists. When he came to his senses, he was on the verge of an explosion.
He hastily calmed down and nodded his head as if resigned.
“Yes, that’s right.”
The students burst into laughter.
As the barrage of absurd questions continued, no one paid any attention.
Actually, it wasn’t even that funny. But to them, who grew up in an aristocratic family, the past of Sirone, the best student in the advanced class, couldn’t be that interesting.
Seriel’s face looked at Amy worriedly.
Of course, he first learned that Sirone was a commoner through a magazine.
To be honest, it was a big shock. She felt sorry for Amy for not telling her such a vital fact.
But Seriel decided to choose the one that would make her happy.
To hate Amy and Sirone, everything I went through while living with them was too precious.
But other students had no such memories.
To them, Sirone was nothing more, nothing less, an unapproachable genius and, preferably, a stumbling block that some misfortune should happen and disappear from their lives.
“Amy… … .”
Amy ended up exploding.
“Those children! What makes you laugh so much?”
Amy rolled up her arms and walked to the students.
He hated Sirone’s friends, who were just watching the situation unfold.
At that moment, Ordos delivered the king’s order.
“Aryan Sirone, get down on your knees and obey my orders!”
Amy stopped walking, and Sirone sat on one knee and listened to the letter.
Ordos shouted at his throat as if it had been a whisper until now.
It really looked like it would break.
“Orkamp IV, King of Khazra, commands! All of Arian Sirone’s actions match what he heard in Kazra Kingdom, so there is a strong possibility that you are the first prince who took refuge in the kingdom’s crisis 18 years ago! So I invite you to the kingdom, so be ready to respond to the call and prove your qualifications as the first prince! more! Orkamp IV!”
Iruki and Nade screamed at the same time.
“What!”
Other students had a similar impact.
When envoys from other countries came to ask about Sirone’s past, they thought it was a simple scouting offer.
Although it is very rare, depending on the circumstances of each country, talents are hired from other countries.
But, Sirone is a royal family. It was also the first prince who could be said to be a direct descendant of the royal lineage.
—————————————

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-262.txt
=============YYYYY=============
[262] The Truth Revealed (7)
The students who had spoken ill of Sirone whispered with pale faces.
“How did this happen? Why the hell is Sirone?”
“I don’t know. Are you the first prince? Is that also from the Kazura Kingdom?”
“Ha, well, if you’re as talented as Sirone, you can’t be an ordinary commoner.”
Everyone became a dumb who ate honey at the words of someone who hit the point.
Come to think of it, it was the correct answer.
There is no guarantee that a genius cannot be born into a commoner’s family, but there is a large genetic component to talent. Most of the students also inherited genius from their parents.
They finally realized what they had been overlooking.
Just because Sirone grew up in a commoner’s family, there is no guarantee that her lineage is also a commoner.
No, if the birth parents were commoners, they would not have been able to sneak in deep in the mountains and leave the child behind.
“Hey, what about this? Kazura Kingdom is an ally of our kingdom, right? Is Sirone really going to become the king of Kazura? What if they do harm to us?”
“Bah, you idiot! You’re not even sure yet! There is no need to be afraid.”
“Not sure! Can’t you imagine the kingdom making such a massive public announcement without any investigation? What we’ve been told isn’t everything. After investigation after investigation, I became convinced, so Kazura sent an emissary as well.”
There was certainly a high probability of that.
It was a letter sent directly from the king, not from another place. If, of course, Sirone is not a son, it is a national disgrace.
Nevertheless, the fact that it was publicly announced was evidence that the leadership was already more than 99% sure.
“I don’t know! damn! Everything is ruined!”
Nade was happy to see his friends in tears.
Of course, just because Sirone becomes king, he is not the type to harm them.
No, if he really became a king, he wouldn’t care unless he was a person with a narrower heart than millet.
However, it was also the human heart that the victim could not be relieved.
Even a first-class aristocrat lives off the rust of the country.
There are transnational families in the world, but most of them are only the king’s subjects.
It was true that the back of the head was itching for the students and their hearts were heavy as Sirone was placed in a situation where he would become a member of the royal family.
“Answer me quickly, Sirone! It is the king’s command!”
When Sirone did not give a definite answer, Ordos shouted again.
But Sirone really didn’t know what decision to make.
I just had a confrontation with Dante.
It was knighted by Killin’s pen and spread throughout the kingdom.
The situation that Sirone had imagined ended there.
No way, he had no idea that his real parents would come across the article and find him.
Furthermore, if the real parents were royalty, not nobles, it was rather strange that their heads were not paralyzed.
Sirone looked around for someone who could explain the current situation.
Most of the students looked bewildered, and neither Nade nor Iruki had anything to offer.
What would a friend say if biological parents were looking for a child? It was a matter of blood, and moreover, it was a matter involving the royal family.
Alpheas turned to Olivia.
I thought Killline’s knight would come with an aftermath, but it was much bigger than I expected.
“It’s the Kazura Kingdom. It’s the best big fish out of the candidates so far.”
“That’s how reliable it is. Even when I saw it, Sirone’s talent is extraordinary. Maybe after reading the article, I thought that I might really be able to find my real parents, but I didn’t think they were royalty… … .”
He didn’t tell Sirone, but after the knights of Killline went out, several families secretly requested Sirone’s identity.
Due to the nature of aristocrats who frequently engage in arranged marriages, there are surprisingly many illegitimate children.
Most of them don’t even care about abandoned children, but it’s a different story when it comes to the best talent in the kingdom.
It was the arrogance of an aristocrat to be sure that even if there were a few things that didn’t match, it would be his child.
“Aww! Unbelievable! Sirone was a prince! This is exactly the story I was imagining! Amy, can you see I’m creepy? Look at this!”
Seriel had already left for another world.
Sirone is a prince.
Isn’t this a romance that cannot be replaced by books?
“what? If so… … .”
Seriel suddenly realized and turned to Amy with a surprised expression.
“Amy! Are you going to be queen?”
“shut up! What are you talking about?”
Amy kept her mouth shut with a terrified face.
Seriel’s chatter was almost at the level of noise in the already complicated situation.
Anyway, it doesn’t matter whether Sirone is a member of the royal family or not. All she could do was worry about Sirone, who was confused by the circumstances of meeting her real parents.
Sirone met Amy’s eyes.
Seeing Sirone with a teary expression on her face, Amy gave a pitiful look.
It’s the king’s order, so it has no choice but to follow.
Sirone should have known that too. He just wants to be sure that his choice is right.
Amy nodded.
Sirone stared at Amy as if asking again, and after seeing Amy’s smile, she turned her head to Ordos.
“Yes, I will accept the king’s call.”
Ordos approached Sirone as if he should.
“The laws of the royal family are different from those of the nobles. Kazura Kingdom’s laws are especially strict, so you’ll have to be careful with your behavior. Take a leave of absence from school and bring your parents who raised you.”
“yes? Right now?”
“What can I say? It is the king’s name! You better leave as soon as possible!”
Sirone’s eyes darkened.
Not only had he never heard of the laws of the Kingdom of Kazura, but it was equally frustrating to suddenly have to take a leave of absence from school and return home.
Above all, I was not told what procedures awaited me upon entering the kingdom.
They won’t tell you if you ask, but shouldn’t you still make mistakes if you know the basics?
“excuse me… … If you give me a little time… … !”
“Ugh! yes man! Are you disobeying the king’s order!”
Sirone kept his mouth shut.
What was most disappointing was Ordos’ attitude.
As the kingdom’s administrative officer, the high-handed part can be tolerated.
What really broke Sirone’s heart was the king’s name written on the scroll.
If you are a biological parent… … I thought that I shouldn’t call a child neglected for 18 years in this way.
I don’t even want to say I’m sorry, but at least if I feel remorse, shouldn’t I make accommodations?
Even for the sake of their parents who raised themselves on their behalf.
Alpheas stabbed Olivia in the side.
“You will help me this time too. I can’t do anything with that.”
“hmm… … .”
Olivia was also thinking of stepping out if necessary.
The reason Kazura Kingdom is stricter than Tormia is that it has only been 100 years since independence.
Even so, Ordos’ attitude was too harsh for someone who came to pick up his own child.
Perhaps it was not an order from the royal family.
It was expected that he would have been ordered to accommodate Sirone as much as possible, so it was only possible to see that Ordos’s personality was originally like that.
His strict personality would be helpful at work, but to treat Shirone, who might soon become a prince, was upright in a good way and arrogant in a bad way.
“Then give me at least one day. Your parents don’t know anything. It takes at least a day to convince.”
Ordos’ face turned red.
Of course, he was a famous official with a bad temper, but he was not so stubborn in his own country.
However, this place was Tormia, a rival country called an ally, and it was a magic school watched by nobles.
If the spirit is suppressed, the reputation of the Kazura Kingdom will fall.
Unfortunately for Sirone, Ordos was only doing his best for his country.
Besides, Sirone’s parents are commoners.
If it took a while to take a commoner, as if he were an aristocrat, his pride would be hurt as well.
“It is forbidden. The king’s command is absolute! So right now… … !”
At that moment, someone’s voice was heard from the front door.
“We have already secured the identity of Sirone’s parents.”
As the crowd parted as the students turned around, Sirone’s eyes widened.
An unexpected person was walking by.
The students fell in love with her beautiful figure before even wondering about her identity.
A small face with a slender body. Her features were cool and clear, and her hair as blue as the sea flowed down the perm.
“Wow, it’s pretty. Who is it?”
“uh? i know that person He’s a very famous musician in the kingdom.”
Sirone stared blankly at her.
It was Rian’s older sister, Ogent Raina.
Next to him, the sub-butler Temuran stood with a fierce gaze.
Reina made eye contact with Sirone, but ignored her and walked straight to Ordos.
“Hello, Mr. Ordos. Fame is familiar.”
Ordos didn’t like it when there was a setback at work.
However, Reina’s appearance as well as her demeanor had a distinctive aristocratic smell, so she couldn’t raise her voice.
“Who are you?”
“My name is Reina of the Ogent family. I came as the agent of the head of the family, August Bischoff, and as the legal representative of Sirone.”
As for the Ogent family, they were a reputable military family, so Ordos knew the name at least because he had heard it.
Moreover, if he was the head of the household, he couldn’t show the same cold-hearted attitude as before.
“Okay. Then, let’s discuss the process of handing over Sirone. first of all… … .”
“first of all.”
Reina intercepted her words.
“We ask for a three-day preparation period. Sirone is an invited guest of the kingdom and has not yet learned anything about Khazra’s laws. Louis, the butler of the Ogent family, departed for Kazura yesterday. There will be no wasted time discussing the entry process. In the meantime, we will teach Sirone the manners of Kazura. Also, from now on, all work related to Sirone should be done through the dedicated team of the Ogent family.”
“Hmm.”
Ordos was lost in thought.
He tried to use personal measures to quickly secure Sirone’s safety, but since an agent appeared, the means of suppressing him with authority were useless. From now on, we turn to foreign affairs.
Anyway, since the Ogent family said they would prepare, it was right for him to go back and discuss the administrative part with a man named Louis.
“Okay. So let’s leave this job to you. If anything happens, I’ll make arrangements here with my sergeant, Daltos. I will go back to Khazra and deliver your words.”
“Okay, then I’ll see you at the castle.”
After the customary greeting, Ordos climbed into the carriage.
Just like when they came, the knights turned around in a grandiose motion and escorted the wagon away.
Sirone was dumbfounded at the situation that passed by in an instant. Then, when he saw Raina, tears welled up in her sorrow.
Reina’s appearance came as a relief to him, who was completely unconscious from Ordos’ threats.
“Sister Reina… … .”
Sirone called, but Reina was still discussing with Temuran with a serious face.
As she pointed to the papers and gave instructions, Temuran nodded and backed off.
Reina then turned around and approached Sirone.
As the distance got closer, the businesslike expression faded and the original beautiful smile came back.
After winking at Sirone, Reina spoke in her characteristic cheerful voice.
“It’s been a while, Sirone. how have you been doing?”
Ogent Family Circumstances (1)
Four days before Ordos came to visit Sirone, Reina visited the Kaizen swordsmanship school that Rian attended.
He was holding a crumpled midterm exam report card in his hand and his face was full of anger.
After going through the interview procedures, Reina went straight to the principal’s office and finally found him.
It was Kuan, Lian’s exclusive teacher.
Before she was wounded, she had made a name for herself on the battlefield, but it didn’t matter to her now.
Does it make sense that Lian is last?
After playing to the fullest on Galliant Island, they said that they had made great progress in their swordsmanship, so they were looking forward to it, but the school’s evaluation was undoubtedly a failure.
—————————————

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-263.txt
=============YYYYY=============
[263] Circumstances of the Ogent family (2)
Kuan was in the middle of a conversation with a female teacher. The female teacher was also a person Reina knew through her rumors.
It was Kiyora Ellis, a surgeon known in the kingdom.
Ellis’ specialty was neurosynthesis, a field known to be impossible without genius talent among surgical operations.
However, Reina, who began to distrust Kaizen Swordsmanship Academy, wondered if that was hype.
If nerve junctions are really possible, why is Quan standing in front of you limping on one leg?
When Quan said something with a cold expression, Elise covered her mouth and laughed.
“Knock-knock! So you’re saying you just ate and came? After all, you are you too.”
“shut up. If you do this one more time, I will kill you.”
Elise patted Quan on the back.
“Ah, it’s not something to be so angry about. My childhood friend is getting old with virginity, and of course this older sister has to step in. Besides, Oli Persiena would never fall for her bride.”
Kuan remembered what happened a few days ago.
He said he had an important appointment, so he went out and was seated by Alice.
The opponent was Olifer Shiina, a wizard currently attending Alpheas Magic School.
It seemed that she, too, was compelled by her family to not be able to continue from the beginning.
Of course, it wasn’t a woman who rarely showed such feelings, but if she liked a man, wouldn’t it be normal for her eyes to change?
“He must be a good man. There are also cultures.”
“Hoo?”
Alice was genuinely surprised.
Up until now, Quan had never praised a woman. As a child, she was obsessed with swords, and after she injured her Achilles tendon, she stopped caring about anything in the world.
If the word came out of his mouth that he was a good person, it would be the highest praise.
“Are you saying you liked it? Then I tangentially again… … !”
As the life in Quan’s eyes flashed, Elise shrugged her shoulders with a frightened expression.
At this time, the Kuan should never be touched.
On the one hand, Alice felt sorry for her friend.
If he liked Shiina, he should have caught him on the spot. However, due to Kuan’s personality, he would never do such a thing.
‘no way… … Did he get a blemish over his leg?’
The Olifer family would have basic culture, but it was something they didn’t know.
From what I’ve heard, it was obvious that they were forced to push, and most of all, it was the case that they couldn’t control their emotions when it came to things between a man and a woman.
‘How is it that my legs are lame? Anyway, I don’t have eyes for men.’
Quan’s injuries could not be healed even with Elise’s nerve junctions. It’s not because the ligament is broken, it’s because the whole thing came off.
When Kuan returned from the battlefield after losing her leg, she cried for days and days feeling helpless and unable to do anything.
He was a talented person who was evaluated as the incarnation of the sword before earning the nickname of a magician of death. How heartbroken he must have been when such a man lost his leg.
A year later, Ellis offered Quan a teaching position at a swordsmanship academy. And he decided No matter how long it takes, I will definitely fix his leg.
That’s why he hated the woman named Shiina to the point of death.
I couldn’t imagine because I couldn’t see his face, but like an authority on freezing magic, the cold wind must have blown.
What the hell are you doing kicking Kuan?
The man’s eyes were completely stunned.
“Quan, could that woman… … !”
Reina interrupted Ellis and approached.
“Mr. Kuan!”
Kuan looked Reina up and down and asked nonchalantly.
“Who are you?”
“I’m Ryan’s older sister, Raina! I had an appointment for an interview today.”
Quan sipped his coffee and nodded.
“Ah, I guess so.”
Rayna was not embarrassed.
Parents asked for an interview, and it seems that it was.
Because he is such an insincere teacher, he fails to see Lian’s true character and gives him a failing grade.
Alice smiled brightly and asked for a seat.
“Oh, that’s right. Ryan is a very kind and righteous child. now! Come over here. Do you have coffee? Or even another car?”
As Elise treated her kindly, Reina tried to calm her excitement.
If Kuan hadn’t set fire to his cold heart.
“But what are you here for? I don’t think there’s anything wrong with Ryan. Still ignorant, doing strength training, still in last place, heck.”
As Reina’s eyes filled up with poison, Elise, who was quietly watching her, avoided her seat.
According to my experience so far, it was best to leave as soon as possible at times like this.
Reina held out her report card, thinking she was only going to endure it once.
“Now, look at this.”
“It’s Lian’s report card. A grade point average.”
“From what I’ve heard, Lian’s grades aren’t behind the other kids. But why fail? I would like to hear an explanation about this.”
Kuan said as if it was nothing.
“You can’t do schema.”
Rayna was not embarrassed.
“How can you fail the exam anyway? I know how to schema too! But if I fight Lian right now, I’ll lose! Is it okay to judge a student just for that?”
“If Reina-san had learned swordsmanship, she would have beaten Lian.”
Rayna was speechless.
In the end it is. If you are a swordsman, you must know how to schema if you want to command hundreds to tens of thousands of soldiers in the future.
“Well, how can you give me last place… … .”
Raina’s tears welled up in frustration.
He is the youngest brother who lost his mother early when he was young and raised him with his own hands.
While the other brothers were on the rise, Lian was in last place.
My heart broke when I thought of how frustrated my younger brother must be.
To a man, women’s tears are said to be a weakness, but that was not the case for Quan.
“I have no talent. Graduation is impossible at this rate. Even if he graduated, who would hire a prosecutor who can’t schema? It’s probably the only thing that nerds do as bodyguards. Lately, I think they’re trying something strange called an imagination schema, but from what I’ve seen, it’s in vain. I have no sense of the sword at all.”
Reina slammed the table with both hands and argued.
“I looked it up too, Imagination Schema! It’s not scientifically proven, but it’s definitely possible. When I read it in the book, it was called divine transcendence… … .”
“Ah, divine transcendence.”
Quan interrupted Reina.
Even the polite demeanor disappeared, and Asrai lived in his eyes.
divine transcendence.
transcend the body? How absurd is this?
“Can you see my legs now? Cut one side? Achilles tendon fell off. So I will. The body is like a machine. It cannot function without parts. If divine transcendence is possible, I won’t limp either. Imaginary schemas are nothing but brain-enhancing ones of schema schemas. It’s not like magic.”
Rayna didn’t want to say anything more. He couldn’t have her brother teach at a school like this.
“I will go through the transfer procedure. I’ll take Lian with me. Please deal with it now.”
“What do you think will be different if you go to another school?”
“I don’t think that’s anything to worry about Mr. Quan anymore. Whether he boils or roasts his brother, our family will take care of it.”
Raina spat out the words as if proclaiming and turned around.
The teachers who were watching the situation shook their heads. It was already the seventh case that the parents who quarreled with Kuan transferred the school.
Kuan spat out behind Reina, who was moving away.
“I think we need to keep an eye on it a little longer.”
Reina’s steps stopped abruptly.
Looking back with a surprised expression, Kuan frowned and added a word.
“If you give in as much as possible, that is.”
Teachers were bewildered.
Quan, who was known for having a bad temper, never caught a student leaving.
Rayna walked back to Quan and asked with a feeling of grabbing at least a straw.
“therefore… … Does that mean there are still possibilities?”
Quan scratched his head in annoyance.
“Hey, Miss Raina. I know you are a great musician. But swordsmanship is not an art. It is a thoroughly function-oriented killing technique. The philosophy of swordsmanship is a privilege that only those who have reached the highest level can enjoy. Rihanna is definitely not talented. But if it’s the imaginary schema, maybe it’s possible.”
“That’s what I mean! So you said you can do it! Why did you lie?”
Quan let out a sigh.
“The imagination schema is the realm of the will. It cannot be verified, but a swordsman who has lived on the battlefield for a long time will experience it at least once. I think I have too. But that’s why no one can force it. All Ryan needs to do is jump more and swing more.”
“So you gave me last place on purpose? To make them wield more?”
“Simply put, something like that.”
Reina shook her head.
“Do you think that makes sense? So what about grades? Even after graduating, how can a student in last place become a commander?”
Kuan held Lian’s report card on the table.
Next to the rank of last place, the grades recorded in the tests so far were listed.
“What is the problem? Lian’s strength is 1.8 times stronger than students who are currently using the schema. In particular, the strength of the right arm, which is mainly used, is 3.7 times greater. This is a really unusual case, and the school is watching it. I think I woke up for some reason during vacation… … .”
Reina recalled Lian’s bragging after returning from Galliant Island.
If Kuan had gone this far, it seemed that his brother’s story was not all nonsense.
“That’s all it takes for the prosecutor. Grades do not guarantee a prosecutor’s life. On the battlefield, the enemy does not save the first place and kill the last place.”
Reina slowly lowered her tail.
“Ha, but if Lian gets frustrated after that… … .”
Kuan looked at Reina pathetically.
Well, how could a person who handles a musical instrument all day know the feelings of a person who handles a sword?
“Reina-san, if you were a person who would be frustrated with grades like this, it would have been impossible to imagine in the first place, and you can’t even train enough to achieve this level of strength. The record here is the product of sheer hard work. I don’t know how much you know his brother, but now this bastard is experimenting on a daily basis that transcends human limits. He’s dissecting his own body as if it were someone else’s. You can’t even imagine how painful that is. Do you think this ranking will catch the eye of a guy whose every day is hell?”
Reina blinked.
I didn’t know because I never expressed it. Why did Lian, who always felt young, endure such painful training?
Kuan passed the report card to Reina.
“ah… … .”
When Rayna accepted, Quan turned around and said.
“Take it or not, do as you like. However, it would be better not to add vain thoughts such as divine transcendence. That’s the only way that son of a sword can make a living. Keep your mouth shut until no one can bear the pain for you.”
Reina looked down at her report card.
last place.
But next to it, the number recorded by Lian is written.
I saw Lian striking the sword so that the muscle was torn to raise the 0.1 point.
Reina grabbed the report card with both hands and bowed her head to Quan.
“Please give Lian a lot of guidance in the future.”
Kuan only narrowed his brows without answering.
@
After leaving the teachers’ room, Reina felt relieved for the first time in a while.
Until now, thinking only of my younger brother, my heart was dull, but I was fortunate to see hope through this interview.
‘Yes, since a man has decided to do something, he should go all the way up. If it’s divine transcendence, you can look up to the great swordsman, right?’
While her heart fluttered, she did not forget Quan’s advice.
Don’t ever show it to Ryan.
Even the word “Cheer up” could break the will of a person who trains hard every day.
—————————————

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-264.txt
=============YYYYY=============
[264] Circumstances of the Ogent family (3)
Since I came to school, I wanted to buy some food for the first time in a long time.
Recently, I’ve been hanging out with a lady named Tess, and I liked one of them. Although we only met her once, she was also a good child with a friendly personality and able to accept Rian’s stubbornness.
When I arrived at the training ground, I saw Lian practicing swordsmanship.
I heard that they train like this during lunchtime because Tess brings a packed lunch.
He was beating the dummy with his club, and even from a distance, he felt a strong energy.
Sitting on the grass and drinking water, Tess’ gaze was fixed on the club that Lian was explosively wielding at some point.
After I went to heaven, I increased the intensity of my training, and now I was spending more time running than resting.
Tess picked up the Spirit magazine that Ryan had thrown.
It contained the knight of Sirone who defeated Dante, the greatest star in the kingdom.
No matter how many times I read it, the part where Sirone came out was faded because the paper was worn out.
There was also an article about Sirone’s parents on the next page, but I glanced at it and didn’t look back after that.
‘Lian… … It must be painful.’
Tess knows how Lian trains.
Lian is Sirone’s sword, and I could feel how great his determination was when I saw him returning from heaven.
To him, Sirone’s success would be an irreplaceable joy, but his disappointment in himself would have doubled.
Just looking at the fact that the training volume increased 1.5 times from the day after reading the article, it was like that.
If it was 1.5 times, it could be said that it was a little too much for the swordsman, but Lian’s case was an exception.
Even so, a 1.5-fold increase was a murderous routine for him, who tests his limits every day.
But Ryan did it.
It was a bizarre phenomenon unique to Lian that could not be explained by any talent.
Tess looked at the trajectory of Lian’s sword and stuck out her tongue.
It was as if he had put his soul into a single sword.
‘Really strong. Honestly, even if I deal with the schema, I wonder if I will be able to receive it.’
On the other hand, Ryan thought differently.
‘no. I can’t take it down like this.’
Lian wasn’t looking at the dummy.
I was watching the vision of Ymir floating behind the pile.
Although he was small for a giant, his strength was embedded deep in his bones.
“Aaaaaaa!”
Lian slapped the club frantically.
It was a specially made club, and it weighed the same as the greatsword inherited from his grandfather. Still, it was like swinging a cane.
‘no! no! no!’
When I first started training for dummy hitting, it was so painful that I wanted to die every time I swung it.
But after going through that process, I was now thirsty.
Why isn’t it moving faster? What did she do when she cut off Ymir’s arm?
At that moment, the illusion that all of his attacks were destroyed by Ymir’s blow came flooding in.
A huge fist flew into the face.
Ymir shouted.
‘That’s not it!’
“Aaaaaaa!”
Lian slammed the club straight down.
The dummy that hit the top of the head was crushed from the pillar first, and then exploded into fragments.
“wow… … .”
Tess widened her eyes.
It wasn’t the first time he’d broken a pile, but this blow was subtly different from the others.
Realizing that fact, Lian also paused for a while in the position where he swung his sword, recalling the feelings from a while ago.
All senses must be absorbed.
A talented swordsman might have an insight that he would know without trying it, but the only way he proceeded was to learn it through his body.
“Rian! Sister is here!”
Lian’s face twisted at Reina’s voice.
It’s fortunate that he roughly came to his senses, but if he had called himself a little faster, everything would have been in vain.
“what? What happened to school all of a sudden?”
Before Rayna could answer, Tess hurried over.
Scoring points for the future sister-in-law in advance was written at the beginning of a love white paper I read recently.
“hello.”
“Yes, it’s been a while, Tess.”
Ryan asked again.
“What’s going on?”
“Uh, that… … .”
Reina was speechless.
I heard Kuan’s advice, so if I said I came because of my grades, it would backfire.
However, there was no particular excuse, so I was wasting time, but suddenly a security guard shouted outside the training ground.
“entire! attention!”
Lian, Tess, and Raina turned their gaze toward the entrance of the training ground.
Rian’s grandfather, Ogent Klump, was walking along with the teachers of the swordsmanship school like a tail.
A certified third-class prosecutor came to the school, so it was only natural that they, both teachers and prosecutors, were stumped.
However, Rian and Raina were anxious in a different way.
Even though he was close to retirement, Klumph was still a powerful influence in the military.
It was said that if such a person suddenly came to school, it was not an ordinary case.
Ryan and Tess immediately took a stand at attention.
Even if it’s a family, if you’re a student at a swordsmanship school, you’re at the end of the army’s omnipresence.
If he didn’t show respect to the commander, Clump, he could actually be punished by military law.
“rest.”
When Klump gave instructions, Lian and Tess obeyed the order with their stiff shoulders slightly lowered.
Klump looked back at the scene at the training ground. It was lunchtime, so it was only Lian and Tess.
“Are you training during lunch? That’s a very good attitude.”
“thank you.”
Tess straightened up again and said.
This is the second time I’ve met Klump. She had said hello to Rayna before when she was invited to her house for dinner.
I remembered that he made me feel comfortable because he had a pleasant personality like a soldier in Ganggol, but I couldn’t act rashly at this place.
The teachers standing in the back watched with bated breath how things were going.
Klump carefully checked Lian’s balance.
I know that I was in last place in the midterm exam. She just laughed when Rayna made a fuss about going to school and arguing.
It’s important how high you climb, but I think Lian’s will to never give up is the biggest weapon.
However, when I actually checked it out, it was different from what I expected.
Clump took the club that Lian was holding and swung it around.
Hmmm, thinking, he reached out his hand this time and massaged Lian’s shoulder and arm.
At one point, his hands stopped and his eyes lit up.
“It weighs the same as the straight sword of the Ogent family. Are you swinging until the pile breaks?”
“That’s right.”
Clump smiled and returned the club.
“It’s definitely an ignorant way like you.”
Ryan’s lower lip pouted softly.
If it wasn’t for school, it would have clearly shown what the youngest grandson’s fear was, but here, class was a gangster.
“what… … Do it yourself. Because it is your life.”
“Yes, I intend to do so.”
When Lian answered harshly without crossing the line, Klump shook his shoulders and laughed.
For some reason, I felt very good.
He looked back at the teachers and nodded as if he had taught them well, and the teachers sighed in relief.
Reina could now guess what her grandfather felt for Lian.
With that thought in mind, I secretly looked at Quan.
Embarrassed, she shook her head.
In any case, it was fortunate that Lian didn’t look so hateful in the eyes of the prosecutors.
Klump turned his attention to Lian and went to Raina.
“Here you are. I found it in the royal castle, but I heard that I went here and came right away.”
“yes? Are you here because of me? What’s going on?”
Klump glanced at Lian and suggested that he leave.
The reason he came here is because a spy arrived from Kazura Kingdom about Sirone’s work a few days ago.
Since Rian made a knight oath with Sirone, of course he should inform him, but Clump wanted to stop it.
It’s not a bloody opponent. Rather than the hot-tempered Rian, the calm Reina was perfect for this job.
Clump took Rayna and went into the shade of a tree.
When Lian was bullied, he put on a sullen expression, but soon he stopped caring.
My grandfather and sister were both busy people in the royal castle, so I just thought about what was going on.
After hearing about Sirone’s situation from Clump, Reina widened her eyes.
“yes? The first prince of Kazura Kingdom?”
“I’m not sure yet, but it probably is. It seemed that he was almost certain of it. Things such as the circumstances, time, and place of Sirone’s escape are all consistent. Also, Sirone is the only case where a child was abandoned near the Valley of Dawn.”
Rayna was silent for a long time as she was organizing her thoughts.
However, it is not a matter of complex priorities. If that decision had already been made, it was important to deal with it in the future.
“So that’s what I mean… … I need you to go to my hometown. Take Sirone and go to Kazura Kingdom. I guess there is only you.”
Reina thought she was the perfect fit.
He was the only artist in the prosecutor’s family, Ogent, who had a wide range of social activities, and his personal connections were solid as he entered the 99 elite artists’ association.
However, she also fell in love with Lian. She hides the fact and she proceeds, and when she finds out later, she will be very disappointed.
“Shouldn’t I tell Ryan?”
“no. As you might have guessed, the atmosphere is not unusual. A small mistake can ruin everything. But as you know, that guy is a bit reckless.”
“I do.”
Since it was a place to go to a foreign country and meet the king, reason was more important than emotion.
In that respect, Lian was the number one risk factor.
If it’s something related to Sirone, even a god, not even a king, won’t be able to see it.
“all right. I will keep it a secret from Rian.”
“The date and route of the interview have been passed on as intelligence. You must not speak out until you reach Creas. It’s something even Sirone shouldn’t know about.”
Intelligence always comes and goes between countries. However, very few people had the authority to confirm the reality of the spy.
The reason behind the conspiracy theory is because of the covertness of shadow diplomacy.
In a sense, it is the same as playing house, but if the house play is on a national scale, the story is different.
Confidentiality had to be maintained as even the trivial matter of determining the envoy’s accommodation could trigger a war.
“The place is Alpheas Magic School. 50 armed soldiers will accompany them, and Ordos, Kazura’s executive officer, will contact Sirone as an envoy. Our side also sent a reply, but from now on, it’s a fight. He’ll probably try to take Sirone before we arrive. You have to move as quickly as possible. You can buy me some time.”
Reina nodded, feeling a heavy sense of duty.
“Yes, got it. Then I’ll get ready and leave right away.”
Khazra Kingdom (1)
The three-day preparation period requested by Ordos is over.
Sirone took a carriage ride with Reina and took a test of court etiquette as they headed to school.
“What is the first thing you do during audience time?”
“Get down on your knees, gaze 45 degrees down and place your hands on your chest. I give my official name and say that I am being called by Your Highness.”
“What is the standard for the morning time officially designated by the royal castle?”
“Half an hour before the lunchtime bell rings.”
Reina nodded in satisfaction.
“Okay, very good. How great?”
“lol! It was easy because there are many similarities to the Kingdom of Tormia.”
Tormia and Kazra Kingdoms had a difference in time, but they were independent brothers from the Yakma Republic, so their culture and lifestyle were not very different.
Of course, it was true that Sirone, who was not a noble, had a lot to memorize.
But Rayna wasn’t worried.
Since I was a smart kid, I believed that I would do it, and in fact, I digested all manners with my head in 3 days.
However, Sirone, the person involved, still seemed uneasy.
“What if I make a mistake? So, 30 minutes before lunchtime is very ambiguous.”
Reina said while stroking Sirone’s head.
“Huh, don’t be nervous. That’s what a lot of aristocrats are wrong about. Of course, it would be better to keep it as much as possible, but I don’t go to jail for mistaking the time.”
—————————————

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-265.txt
=============YYYYY=============
[265] Kazura Kingdom (2)
Even after arriving at school, Sirone and Reina walked to the dorm while talking.
Sirone’s face turned red at Reina’s joke. Then Reina laughed because she was cute again.
The male students looked at Sirone with envious eyes.
Reina has a beautiful appearance, but she is a famous pianist who can be said to be the idol of nobles.
Since such a person was walking arm in arm with Sirone, Sirone’s status seemed high.
Amy and Seriel stopped in their tracks when they saw the two of them walking side by side to the dorm.
They were also on their way to the inn to meet Sirone, but when they saw the two friendly people, they couldn’t bear to say hello.
Amy knows that Raina is Lian’s older sister. However, the atmosphere was different from three days ago.
At first, they were face-to-face, but now they couldn’t get close enough to walk skin-to-skin.
Seriel made a fuss and patted Amy on the shoulder.
“Oh my, my! Amy, can you see that? Are the two of you really not related?”
“How do I know that? Since she’s Rian’s older sister, they must be close. Wouldn’t she have lived with her when she was a butler before?”
“No, it wasn’t like that. I found out, during the 1 year and 6 months that Sirone was the rank butler of the Ogent family, Reina was apprenticed to a famous pianist and was in class. There was no time to be intimate with each other. But getting closer in such a short amount of time… … no way?”
Amy pushed Seriel on the back.
“Ah, okay. Go ahead.”
Seeing that they went through background investigations, it seemed that they were quite curious about the relationship between the two.
Amy wasn’t feeling well either. But now, since Shirone’s work was important, he suppressed her emotions and followed her.
The men’s dormitory is not open to women, but the day Sirone left was an exception. The event that the first prince of Kazra Kingdom could be born had a ripple effect enough to nullify the school rules.
The Ogent family carriage was waiting in front of the dormitory.
The teachers who were talking at the entrance nodded lightly when Amy and Seriel greeted them and continued their conversation.
Before reaching Sirone’s room, Reina’s laughter was heard from inside. Amy felt her heart throb, but she struggled to look away and moved on.
Upon arriving at the room, Iruki and Nade were giggling, while Sirone and Reina were dancing and hugging each other.
It seemed that he was teaching them how to dance in preparation for a ball to be held at the royal castle. If she thinks that’s all she is, then Amy sees her blushing Shirone, and she strangely twists her insides.
Sirone’s dance moves were awkward.
Of course, it doesn’t make sense that the kingdom’s greatest aspiring wizard doesn’t have motor nerves. It was clear that his body stiffened at Reina’s friendly gaze.
“uh? Eh, Amy.”
Sirone saw Amy enter and hurriedly escaped from Reina’s arms.
Amy went into the room unbeknownst to her. She even saw the idiot combination of Nade and Iruki gulping her down, but she neatly ignored it.
Reina smiled and raised her hand.
“Oh, Amy, you’re here. hi?”
Amy bowed in a formal but polite way.
“hello. Is today the departure day?”
“huh. I was practicing with Sirone for the last time. Surprisingly, I am not good at dancing.”
Sirone waved her hand as if it were unfair.
“no. It’s so tense… … !”
Reina covered her mouth and laughed.
“Ho-ho-ho! nervous? Could it be that you practiced with me?”
As Sirone was speechless and hesitant, Amy’s medicine spiked.
Even if it’s a fake relationship, it’s definitely a lover relationship. Since he said that to Reina as well, it was normal for her to notice even formally.
Even so, Sirone clung to Reina and did not know that she would fall off.
It seems that the two of them have a special bond, but I didn’t know what it was, and I didn’t want to know.
Amy stopped thinking and asked Sirone.
“Are you all ready?”
“huh. But I’m worried. I think you will make a mistake.”
“What is there to worry about? Minor mistakes will be overlooked with a smile.”
For a brief moment, Amy caught the tension passing by Sirone’s eyes.
I thought his head was stiff because he was distracted by Reina, but he seemed to be feeling it to some extent.
On the surface, it’s the real parents looking for their children, but if you think deeply, there are definitely a lot of strange corners.
Reina patted Sirone on the shoulder to reassure him.
“It will be fine. As long as the Kazura Kingdom announced it, there wouldn’t be any danger. Compared to Tormia, Kazura isn’t particularly strong, and our family doesn’t sit idle.”
Just talking about it made me feel uneasy.
Reina has a clear sense of reason, is well versed in the kingdom’s situation, and is well aware of the dynamics between the royal family and the nobility.
If she took responsibility and led them, nothing particularly strange would happen.
“yes. I will only trust you.”
When Sirone replied with a smile, Reina also patted Sirone’s hair with a happy face.
Then, as if thinking about it, I looked back at Amy. As expected, she didn’t like her complexion.
‘I’m a little sorry.’
During the three-day preparation period, Reina meticulously checked the people around Sirone.
Overall, I had a good friendship with my friends, and Iruki and Nade in particular would become good companions in Sirone’s life from now on.
The problem was the relationship between Sirone and Amy.
Mouth says they’re lovers, but listening to the conversation, it’s absolutely not the case.
Between lovers, a unique intimacy is bound to emerge. However, Sirone and Amy did not have that unique feeling.
Even so, she has been pretending to be a fake lover for a year.
Unless you are capable of walking on a tightrope of emotion, you usually have to appear in one of two situations, either torn or stuck.
Rayna had seen countless cases where time passed in this way and they remained common friends.
In the end, from her point of view, the two had nothing to do with each other.
Of course, it was clear that there was room for it to burn hot at any time, but given the personalities of the two, the probability of that was extremely low.
My mouth was itchy from the frustration, but when I thought that they were really coming true, I was so angry that I ran away from wanting to help.
Reina realized that this was also a form of jealousy, but she created a suspension of thought by saying that if there were no competitors, there was no point in worrying about it.
‘Whoa, come to think of it, I’m not in a position to talk to anyone either.’
Reina checked the time and said to Sirone.
“Then let’s go. We have to leave quickly to bring our parents.”
Amy intervened.
“Wait. Please let me talk to Sirone.”
“huh? go down and do it It takes time to maintain the wagon anyway.”
I know the situation is not easy. However, Amy had an answer she absolutely needed to hear from Sirone.
“It will take a while.”
Amy was reluctant and asked for a short time. Reina blinked her eyes and said she couldn’t.
“Then I’ll go down first and get ready. Sirone, come down after the talk.”
When Reina left, Nade and Iruki politely bowed.
I don’t know what kind of foxy thing he did, but it seemed that the three foolish musketeers were completely in love with her.
Amy responded with a snort and drove everyone except Sirone out.
Sirone, who had packed clothes in her backpack, turned around with one backpack strap over her shoulder.
“I’ll be back, Amy. I am preparing well for the exam.”
Amy sighed and got to the point.
“It must be something. You know.”
Sirone smiled bitterly.
“It is, but… … I don’t want to think. I also get the feeling that if they are really my biological parents, I shouldn’t be thinking that way.”
I could understand Sirone’s feelings. Everyone focuses on the first prince of Kazura Kingdom, but for him, it was a journey to meet his bloodline.
Even real parents were a problem. they abandoned their children He carved an incurable wound into Sirone’s chest.
“Are you really going to be okay?”
“I don’t know. nothing now. You’ll know when you go, what I’ll think. But I don’t want to make any judgments yet.”
Sadness and anxiety appeared on Sirone’s face at the same time. Amy, who had been watching her, summoned her courage to speak out for her.
“Shall I go with you?”
“huh? What are you talking about?”
“If I go with you, it will be much more helpful. After all, there are no classes anymore.”
Sirone was heartbroken, but shook his head. She couldn’t deprive Amy of her most important period of her life with her own greed.
“are you okay. Because I have Reina noona.”
Sirone felt a chill in Amy’s eyes and was startled. Fortunately, that feeling quickly went away, but there was a thorn in her words for some reason.
“OK got it. Let’s go now. That Reina noona will wait for you.”
Amy left the room without looking back. Sirone was still bewildered, but her own situation was disturbing and she did not have time to look deeply into her heart.
Outside the dormitory, Reina was holding a file folder and checking the carriage’s luggage one by one.
Syrone said goodbye as she was greeted by her friends. It was a schedule of about 10 days at the longest, but for some reason it felt like the last time.
said Nade.
“Way to go. When you become king, you must buy extra-large cream bread from the canteen.”
“haha! okay. But when I come back, it will be vacation.”
Reina happily looked at Sirone talking with her friends.
Like Ryan, Sirone has changed a lot in a year.
Above all, the case of defeating Dante, who was the best in the kingdom, was a great source of pride for the Ogent family.
Ryan’s eyes weren’t wrong.
And your own eyes too.
As Reina gazed at Sirone with affectionate feelings, Seriel became the embodiment of anger and clenched her fists.
“Sirone, I am really disappointed. In this case, you have to draw a line so that the man breaks.”
Seriel, who turned to Amy as if seeking consent, was startled.
Amy, who had ignored it until now, raised her ax eye and glared at Reina.
“Seriel, I’ll be back.”
Seriel’s face turned pale. Of course, that kind of talk came and went, but I didn’t really know how to make a decision.
“Amy, are you sure?”
Seriel’s eyes quickly turned to worry.
In the next fortnight, the graduation exam will be held. It was a situation where there was no time to worry about anything else.
“are you okay. Classes are over anyway, so I’m going to go on an overseas trip to change my mood.”
Seriel knew better than anyone that it wasn’t true.
On the other hand, I was envious of Amy who could throw everything she had in this situation.
If you decide to go anyway, you will have to send it as hard as you can. not to look back. so that no regrets remain.
Seriel pushed Amy on the back and said.
“Go out. My sister will allow it.”
Amy added hastily.
“Yeah, but it’s not because I’m worried about Reina-san! I’m just worried about Sirone… … .”
“Ho-ho-ho! okay! Who says what? Go and flatten the bridge of my nose!”
Supported by Seriel, Amy walked to the carriage.
Then, Sirone, who was just getting ready to ride, turned around and said goodbye.
“Amy, fighting! You must pass I’ll do well too.”
“Can you get out of the way?”
“huh?”
Sirone did not understand. Then she said, waving her hand beside her as if Amy was annoyed.
“Vicky. Lady First, don’t you know?”
After pushing Sirone and getting on the carriage, Reina made an absurd expression. Either way, Amy stooped down on her back and entered.
“hello. I wish you well on the way.”
“Oh, where are you going?”
Reina, whose medicine had risen tightly, knew it, but pretended not to know it. She wouldn’t change anything anyway, but it was because she didn’t want to admit this situation with her own mouth.
“Yeah, it’s because I’m afraid I’ll be sent alone. It looks like I have to take care of it.”
Sirone opened the carriage door and pushed his face in.
“Amy! What happened? Are you really going?”
“So you got on. sit down quickly I mean, there is no time.”
Reina’s insides became hot like a furnace.
Karmis Amy.
From what I’ve watched for a few days, it was fun to tease her because she’s cautious in everything, but now she’s just as hot-tempered as Bonnie Lian.
I regretted that I had lit a useless torch, but the water had already been spilled.
—————————————

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-266.txt
=============YYYYY=============
Please enable JavaScript
[266] Kazura Kingdom (3)
“Are you really going? I’m really fine.”
Sirone hated that Amy was distracted by other things before the graduation exam.
No matter how much you are the number 1 graduate, you don’t know what will happen in the competition. If you fail, you are responsible for yourself.
Of course, Amy would never think of that, but from the standpoint of wanting her success, I wanted to rip her off.
“It is important to you. Reina-san will be busy taking care of royal procedures, so she needs someone to stick by her side and escort her. Why, don’t you like me going?”
If Amy were to accompany her, Sirone couldn’t be more reassuring than this.
It was like that when he went to Galliant Island, but he was an absolute ally in terms of ability.
“No, of course it’s me, but… … .”
“All right then. End with this. I owe you something, so I have to pay it back even at this time.”
Sirone couldn’t remember what Amy owed her, but a lot of things went through Amy’s mind.
It was Sirone who saved her from the cliff at the time of the Arcane attack, and when she was captured by Kariel in Heaven, if it wasn’t for him, she wouldn’t have returned safely.
As Amy stubbornly kept her seat, Reina let out a sigh of resignation and gave instructions to the coachman.
“Go away.”
Of course, excluding emotions, Amy’s joining was absolutely not a loss. She was much better off having a friend of hers by Sirone’s side to help. She just couldn’t help feeling like she was being pushed in from the start.
Reina leaned her chin toward the window and pursed her lips.
I could see Amy’s smile.
@
The carriage was heading to the Thorn Mine, located halfway up the Origin Mountains, where Sirone’s house was located. While on the way, Reina informed me of the general situation.
Tormia, Kazura, and Yakma were a unified nation. However, as the prestige of the aristocrats increased, a factional fight broke out, and finally they were separated, and now the Three Kingdoms Alliance system is formed.
“In a sense, it can be said that it is a new country. It hasn’t been 100 years since Kazura became independent. In particular, the Yakma Republic did not recognize the separation of Khazra until recently. The war never happened, but it almost did. That was 18 years ago. In short, Kazura’s internal affairs became unstable, so he took the first prince, Sirone, to another place.”
At the very least, the fact that he didn’t throw it away because he hated it made Sirone a little comforted. Since the rise and fall of the kingdom was at stake, there must have been some unavoidable parts.
Of course, that didn’t mean that the sadness went away. However, since everything was not certain yet, he was just trying to ignore the rising emotions.
“I heard about it too. They say it almost came to the brink of civil war. Yakma was also ready to go out. however… … .”
Amy stopped talking. She did not dare to speak in front of Sirone.
It was the same for Reina, but as the person in charge of leading, it was something that could not be avoided.
“Yes, all civil wars ended when King Orkamp IV of Khazra married Queen Theraze of the Kashan Empire.”
Sirone also read the history book, so he knows what kind of incident it was. But I didn’t know that it would be my job.
The Kashan Empire was an absolute powerhouse on the continent, occupying one-third of the territory of the human world.
In addition, the emperor of the empire has been a woman for generations.
Theraze, the emperor of Kashan, is said to be so beautiful that any man can’t help but fall in love with her.
On the other hand, he was also cold-blooded, willing to make any sacrifices in order to win.
Such a woman proposed marriage to Orkamp, the king of Khazra.
“Even Orkamp IV wouldn’t have been able to help. Because the country looks messed up. Besides, if he accepts Thera Ze, he’ll have great connections. In fact, since marrying Theraje, Kazura’s politics have rapidly stabilized, and its finances have also become strong.”
It was an unusual event that was introduced in detail even in history books.
Above all, Orkamp already had a wife, and Theraze was also a woman with a husband.
“The arranged marriages of royalty and aristocrats are not a big deal, but this case should be said to be unusual. Theraje, no, the rulers of Kashan have been women for generations, and marriage is the most used strategy to expand their influence. Besides Orkamp IV, Theraze has three other husbands. Of course, everyone is the king of each country. Theraze said she married Orkamp and she stopped by Khazra from time to time, and each time she gave birth to a child, so she now has a son and a daughter.”
“Does Orkamp Eliza, originally the Queen of Kazura, have any other children besides Sirone?”
“Unfortunately no. Theraze intervened as soon as the newborn child was evacuated to another country during the civil war. There must have been an agreement, not to have children. Theraze wants her child to inherit the kingdom.”
Amy sighed.
It was terrifying for even the royal family to use conception, a unique human ability, for politics.
As a result, Sirone was the only bloodline of Queen Kazura. And below that, there are half-brothers and sisters born by Theraze.
Amy, who had been thinking that far, suddenly realized. The cause of the anxiety she felt before she set off.
“Wait. Then, if Sirone becomes Kazura’s first prince… … .”
Reina also nodded with a serious expression as if that was the point.
“Yes, Theraze’s children will be pushed out of the succession ranks. Conversely, Queen Eliza’s influence will grow stronger. The reason why the envoy from one country came to the magic school and made a big public announcement probably has nothing to do with it.”
Amy frowned.
Come to think of it, it was already 10 years ago that Kazura’s internal affairs were stable. Therefore, it would have been easy for the kingdom to find Sirone even with a little effort.
After all, it was clear that political issues were intertwined with finding Sirone now.
Even if they are real parents… … The fact that she hadn’t invited because she wanted to see Sirone in its entirety made her heart heavy.
‘Oh wow, what’s so complicated about it? I don’t know what high-ranking people think.’
Theraze becomes Orkamp’s concubine, and Orkamp becomes Theraze’s rearguard.
It was a nonsense that could not even be drawn in a genealogy.
While each was lost in his thoughts, the wagon drove quickly and entered the visible mine.
It used to be an area where coal was mined, but it was called a visible mine because the stalactites hanging from the cave were sharp, and it has come down as its own name.
Currently, the mine is closed and blocked, but the nose is secretly spicy. But to Sirone, it was the smell of his hometown he missed most of all.
Seeing Sirone’s hardened face loosen up a little, Amy also sucked in the acrid air.
Arriving at Sirone’s house, Amy tidied up before getting off the carriage.
It was the first time I came to Sirone’s house. Besides, since it was a meeting with her parents, I naturally became cautious.
Make no mistake, of course, but the situation was a little strange.
Since Sirone’s parents were commoners, he was rather worried about how to treat them.
If you’re too polite, it’s likely that they’ll find it difficult, but if you do as usual, there’s room for you to be seen as arrogant.
Unlike Amy, who thought so, Reina opened the door and left as soon as she arrived.
Vincent and Olina were waiting ready to leave.
While sub-butler Temuran was checking the carriage, Reina took Sirone to her parents.
“hello. How have you been?”
“Yes, of course. Thank you for taking care of us.”
Vincent and Olina greeted each other with the utmost courtesy.
Reina didn’t care and went on with her schedule naturally.
“I will take a carriage and head north to cross the border. It will probably arrive around midnight, but please bear with it until then. From there, you will be led by the Kazura Kingdom, so there will be no inconveniences.”
“Never mind us. I am sorry for making you suffer because of your son.”
Reina let out a pitiful laugh. From the looks on Vincent’s and Olina’s faces, it was clear that she hadn’t slept a wink all night.
Temuran would have explained it several times, but it would not have been something that could be felt in reality.
How can we understand the situation when a child who was abandoned in a stable was raised as a child and raised for 18 years, but his real parents suddenly appeared?
It was also the king and queen of a foreign country.
It’s a good thing when you think of Sirone, but since they are also human, how can you not be sad?
Besides, since they couldn’t file a paternity suit against the king, they were about to lose their children.
“Do not worry too much. It’s not certain yet, and even if the real parents are certain, Sirone won’t be shaken. It was like that in the Ogent family as well.”
Vincent, who had been revealed, shook his hand in embarrassment.
“No worries! It doesn’t even matter. It’s really good for Sirone. Thank you for caring though.”
At that moment, Amy’s strong voice was heard from the carriage.
“hello!”
As everyone’s eyes focused, Amy’s face turned red. When she saw Reina and her parents chatting, her heart raced, so she interrupted her odd timing.
“My lady… … ?”
Olina’s eyes sparkled with interest, showing interest. It was the first time Shirone brought a girl her own age.
She was a true girl with a pretty face and no lies in her eyes.
“Ah yes. My name is Karmis Amy, Sirone’s friend. He ended up accompanying me to Khazra. I wish you well.”
Amy unknowingly lowered her head. Her confidence that she could remain calm under any circumstances was shattered.
Of course, it was only Amy’s thoughts, and Vincent and Olina smiled happily and whispered that they were good girls.
Sirone was still speechless. He honestly doesn’t know how to face his parents.
I could have firmly refused to become the adopted son of someone from the Ogent family, but this time it was my real parents.
Besides, being royalty, I had no choice, so I felt like I was committing a crime against them.
Vincent, who knew his son’s feelings in advance, approached.
“Are you okay, Sirone? You must have been very surprised.”
“I’m OK. father… … sorry.”
“Chuck! What do you have to be sorry for? I’d be glad if I didn’t make a mistake when I went to the palace. I learned a lot from Temuran-nim, but this is difficult.”
Sirone struggled to smile.
“Me too. But don’t worry. With Amy by her side, she’ll be fine.”
Amy pointed at herself with her thumb.
“sure! I’ll take care of it, so you don’t have to worry about that.”
Olina said with a smile.
“thank you. I can remember the name now. I heard that Sirone is getting a lot of help.”
Amy was a little smug. When the tension was released, the stiff lips moved according to their will.
“I also received a lot of help from Sirone. Please treat me comfortably in the future.”
Reyna clapped and drew attention.
It’s good to keep the good vibes going, but now I really don’t have time to waste.
I had to run diligently from now on to reach the border before midnight.
“now. Let’s go. Sub-butler, please wait at the mansion. Be prepared to act as soon as the message comes from Lewis.”
“All right. Be careful.”
The carriage carrying Sirone and the others departed for Kazura.
@
It was a forced march.
Staying in a rattling wagon for more than six hours would make your whole body ache. With the schedule of running for an hour and taking a 5-minute break, there was no time to soothe the throbbing back.
But nobody complained.
As the border line got closer, the pain gradually disappeared and the tension grew.
It was a great adventure for Sirone.
After hearing the complex circumstances of the Kazura royal family, it was not a situation that could be relieved even if the escort was on standby. If Theraze made a hasty decision, they could send an assassination squad.
—————————————

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-267.txt
=============YYYYY=============
[267] Kazura Kingdom (4)
Sirone opened the window and looked around.
It was a deep forest, and only the torches in the coachman’s seats were illuminating the road ahead. The gloomy tree shadows galloped in the opposite direction. It was fortunate that the full moon had risen. However, a cloud came from somewhere and covered even that.
Sirone’s sorrow deepened.
At some point, the wagon started moving slowly and stopped moving.
The roar of the horse rang through the quiet night air.
The coachman opened the door and whispered.
“Laina-sama, we have arrived at the rendezvous point.”
Reina put on a hooded cloak. The others did the same and got out of the wagon, covering their faces with hoods.
The place they arrived at was a vast wasteland with a view of the horizon. When Sirone drew a map in her head and imagined it, it seemed to be somewhere in the Plateau of Dawn in the north of Tormia.
I definitely thought it was thorough. It was extremely difficult to attempt an assassination in the open wasteland.
Of course, if you set your mind to it, you can dig a tunnel, but if you think about it, there is no end to it.
The meeting place was 300 meters away from where they arrived, and the leader of the Kazura Kingdom could be seen in silhouette from a distance.
Louis, the butler of the Ogent family, sent a hand signal.
When Reina exchanged passwords in the same way, the two teams finally met at the halfway point.
Louis, who had approached with a torch, bowed his head to Sirone and the others.
“welcome. I was waiting.”
“I’ve been struggling all this time. I heard that the admission process is proceeding without a hitch.”
“yes. I couldn’t detect any disturbing movements. But it’s something you can’t be sure of. let’s get on I will explain as we go.”
Sirone’s party followed Louis. The huge carriage I saw at Alpheas Magic School was waiting.
A man named Godin, the captain of the escort, introduced himself.
“My name is Ruzen Godin, who will serve Sirone, the candidate for the first prince. You know the situation, so you may be anxious, but there is no need to worry. He has built an escort of the best in the kingdom, so he should be able to safely arrive at the castle. Then get on.”
A soldier with a silver sword opened the carriage door.
Sirone was surprised before even entering. A light-emitting crystal ball was attached to the ceiling, so the inside of the carriage was as bright as daylight. In addition, it was equipped with a bed as well as equipment to do yoga.
“Since they are precious people, you may not be satisfied with them, but please be patient with them. I will take you to the royal castle right away.”
As soon as Sirone boarded the carriage, she lay down on the bed. It was a bed to lie down on every day, but it was unfamiliar just because it was in a carriage.
“haha! Amy, this is so much fun.”
Amy sat on the other side of the bed and smiled.
“It’s called the house wagon. It even has a shock-absorbing device, so it can withstand a 10-hour journey without any problems. It is said that the maintenance cost is enormous, but as expected, the royal family is different.”
said Rayna.
“But the movement speed is inevitably reduced. Rather, it might be safer to arrive quickly. Anyway, we should be fully prepared.”
Amy raised her hand.
“I will keep the vigil. It’s okay for wizards to stay awake for a day or so.”
Sirone shook her head.
“No, then let’s take turns standing with me.”
“it’s okay. You’ll be crazy as soon as you arrive, so take a break now.”
Even if there is an escort, it is forbidden to be careless. Someone had to protect the group. In Amy’s opinion, she was the right person. That said, it didn’t make sense that Sirone’s parents were up all night.
Reina frowned as if in displeasure.
“What are you ignoring? I can do schema too! I even stayed up a few nights while taking apprenticeship lessons. I’d rather have 3 people take turns. Since we don’t know the situation in the castle, it wouldn’t be good for one person to get tired first.”
Even Amy thought it was the right thing to say, so she followed it without muttering. Even though Vincent and Olina asked to be included, ordinary people couldn’t stay up all night riding in a carriage for 24 hours.
“Rest well. If you’re tired already, that’s even worse.”
Vincent and Olina had no choice but to lie on the bed. However, I fell asleep quickly, as if there was no business to beat the fatigue.
The remaining one bed was to be occupied by three people in turn.
Reina and Amy can sleep together, but Sirone can’t sleep with women, so she leans against the wall to sleep.
how much time has passed,
I fell asleep after seeing Rayna stay on the watch, but Amy came over and woke me up.
“Sirone, if you’re tired, can I stand still?”
Sirone blinked and opened her eyes without even making any preliminary movements. His own turn means that 4 hours have passed.
My mind was clear as never before, and my body was not tired. He seemed to know why nobles paid a lot of money to buy luxurious wagons.
“no. are you okay. sleep some more Did anything happen?”
“huh. It’s unsettlingly quiet. You can listen to what the soldiers say, but they don’t say a word because they’re wary of the schema.”
Sirone nodded and moved to the center of the carriage.
“okay. Thanks, Amy.”
“Thank you.”
Amy crawled next to Reina to get a quick nap.
Then, she suddenly remembered something and looked back at Sirone in a prone position.
Sirone burst into laughter at the sight of her reminiscent of a cat.
“why? Can’t you sleep?”
“Oh, and yes… … .”
Amy wiggled her horse’s tail.
Ever since the envoy from Kazura Kingdom came, there was something that always stuck in my mind.
“Sirone, if you become royalty… … .”
Amy asked as if making up her mind.
“You’re not going to learn magic, are you?”
“huh?”
“That’s right. From then on, I will become the first prince. Of course, you will have to take the heir class, and then you won’t have time to learn magic.”
Sirone laughed.
Have you ever been thinking like that?
Well, lately I’ve been too busy to look back at myself, so I haven’t been able to pay attention to other people’s thoughts.
“Amy, I will not be a prince.”
Amy’s eyes widened.
“What are you talking about? Are you sure you want to run away?”
“If that’s your last resort, you’ll have to run away. But I’ll convince you not to. Even if they are the ones who gave birth to me, I only have two parents. The reason I go to the royal castle is not to become an heir. to convey my will. I will come back home and go to magic school. and… … .”
Sirone hesitated for a moment before summoning up the courage to speak.
“Because I will definitely keep the promise I made with you.”
“Sirone… … .”
Amy was moved, but at the same time worried.
Until now, Sirone had gone through life according to her beliefs and it worked, but this time the opponent was different.
The royal family is not as rational as Sirone thought, but they are not swayed by emotions either.
Royals are intuitive beings.
Those who hold the world in their hands and shake it think only of simple judgments of whether or not to do something.
However, it is bound to evolve excellently when it reaches the level of a king, so that simple choice either advances or regresses history.
It was utterly impossible to reverse such a person’s way of thinking with words.
Still, Amy didn’t say anything.
It was because he wanted to keep the afterglow of Sirone’s last words in the carriage for as long as possible.
“See you later, Sirone.”
Amy lay next to Rayna and took a short nap.
@
Reina woke everyone up with a whispering voice.
“wake up. I think we have arrived at the royal castle.”
Amy rubbed her sleepy eyes and stood up. Looking through the crack outside the window, she saw that it was still before dawn.
However, the carriage did not shake any more, and the sound of the horses’ hooves could be heard as if it were running on a stone-paved road.
Sirone opened the window and looked outside. It was dark, so I couldn’t see details, but buildings were passing by. came into the city But not a single house had a light on.
A soldier on horseback approached and said to Sirone.
“sorry. It’s night inspection, so you can’t look outside. I will close the window.”
The guard slammed the window shut.
Sirone licked his lips and looked back. Reina and Amy also had absurd expressions.
Amy pursed her lips.
“tooth! When you enter the royal castle, people suddenly change.”
“I can’t be certain. It’s the first time he’s talking to us. It is a matter to be judged carefully.”
Sirone also saw that Reina’s way of thinking was correct.
From now on, it’s a tightrope ride. A minor misunderstanding or misunderstanding could endanger everyone.
By the time I entered the inner sanctuary, it was dawn. An escort soldier knocked on the carriage and announced that it was free to look around.
Sirone felt the foreignness of the foreign country. It seemed that he was not allowed to go out at night, not even to spy on him.
‘It’s definitely more rigid than Tormia. I should always be thinking.’
The carriage passed through the large moat surrounding the castle and entered the castle.
The Khazra Castle was not as beautiful as the buildings in Heaven, but it was enormous in scale.
Halfway across the bridge, fanfare rang out.
The military band appeared, and all the lower-ranking officials of the royal castle came out and greeted them with applause.
At the unexpected hospitality, Sirone turned to Reina.
“How did this happen?”
“I know. I didn’t expect you to openly welcome it.”
Even thinking about it, it was definitely strange.
If it was Kazura Kingdom that grew up under Theraje’s protection, the presence of Sirone would surely be a thorn in the side of the Queen’s faction.
‘However, there was no other incident, let alone an assassination. Besides, this level of hospitality… … .’
Realistically, there were only two things I could think of.
Orkamp’s side is also putting their life and death on Sirone’s work this time, or rather, Theraze’s side doesn’t even snort.
Since both the former and the latter are possible, it was not possible to conclude which one was more certain.
I checked Sirone’s expression, but he was calm.
This situation must have been more tense than anyone else, but once they arrived at the castle, the anxiety they felt when leaving was completely gone. Also, this was Sirone’s strength that Reina admired.
It was the same with the Ogent family. He is usually a naive boy like any other boy of his age, but when danger comes, he becomes as cold as a lie.
‘but… … Now I’m aspiring to be the best wizard in the kingdom.’
The essence of Sirone is the same, but everything that makes up him is different from before. After reading an article about Sirone in Spirit magazine, Reina asked a wizard she knew what an unlocker was.
It is said to be the greatest state of mind that humans can attain.
When I met him after knowing that fact, I couldn’t just look at Sirone as a child like before.
Kazura Castle was a building of about 20,000 pyeong, and the number of residents was about 1,000.
It was a combative design rather than splendid, so the entrance was narrower than any other castle.
However, upon entering, a grand hall unfolded that was so huge that one could immediately feel that it was a royal castle.
Past the red carpet where high officials stood in order of seniority, there was a throne on the stairs, where Orkamp IV sat.
It’s not polite to look directly into the king’s face, but Sirone and the others couldn’t take their eyes off him.
She had the same blonde hair as Sirone, and had a graceful impression that made it hard to believe that she was the ruler of a country. However, the energy radiating from his body was unusual.
No matter how much a king is, he is only the same person under the sky, but the person who holds millions of lives is definitely something different.
‘That person… … .’
If you put Orkamp and Sirone side by side, you could think of them as father and son.
It didn’t feel like a routine, but since we’ve been apart for 18 years, we had to think about the difference in environment.
Sirone and the others held a ceremony according to the law.
But Orkamp didn’t even react, only staring at Sirone’s face.
“Raise your head.”
Sirone met Orkamp’s eyes.
The king’s eyes were sucked in and shook his heartstrings. It was the aura of a monarch that could not be felt from a swordsman or wizard.
However, he soon regained his composure and returned to his calm state. It was the state of Geumgangtae, which was not shaken by the will of others.
Orkamp’s eyes brightened in surprise.
‘Is he really my son… … .’
—————————————

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-268.txt
=============YYYYY=============
[268] Kazura Kingdom (5)
Orkamp welcomed them with a raised hand.
“It was a lot of hard work to come a long way. Sirone, do you know why you came here?”
“Yeah, I know.”
“Okay, let’s arrange a separate place to discuss the details. It must have been a tough journey, give them a room and treat them to food.”
The head of the chamberlain, who oversees the affairs of the royal castle, bowed his head.
“I understand, Your Highness.”
Sirone raised her head again and looked at Orkamp.
It was the first father-son reunion in 18 years. But he couldn’t hear any private words from him.
Is this a king? If he wears the title of king, can he not even reveal his personal feelings?
Maybe he had no feelings for the son he had already abandoned.
If you really loved your children, there would be no way you would abandon them, no matter what obstacles might come your way.
But he abandoned it and so many years have passed.
I don’t know why he called me, but maybe I didn’t have to look for him.
Sirone and the others left the Grand Hall in vain, following the chief chamberlain.
The great chamber where the guests live was a double room.
Vincent and his wife shared one room, and Amy and Raina shared another room.
However, the chamberlain did not give Sirone’s room.
“Sirone-sama will be staying with Her Highness’s family in the inner room.”
Amy stepped out with a surprised expression.
“Have we not heard of that?”
It was dangerous to leave Sirone alone in the royal castle where there might be some conspiracy lurking.
However, the chief chamberlain rather looked at Amy strangely.
“That’s natural. Sirone-nim is the one who will become a member of the royal family.”
“We haven’t come to a definitive conclusion yet.”
The chamberlain wrinkled his brow.
Such a situation was something that a single attendant could not understand.
Rumor has it that the verification of the first prince is only a formality, but I don’t know why.
I also heard that Sirone is a commoner. If he had been given such a blessing, he would have prostrated himself and thanked God.
However, their expressions, let alone good feelings, felt even awkwardness for some reason.
“What is it?”
Executive Officer Ordos walked by.
The chief chamberlain hurriedly lowered his head and spoke of the dissatisfaction of Sirone and the others.
Ordos didn’t like it either, but I didn’t think it was an unusual situation. If they had brains, they would have come to know about Kazura’s situation.
Ordos turned to Sirone and said.
“There are laws in the palace. Just swapping royal rooms is a lot of fuss. But if you’re that uncomfortable, I’ll make a suggestion.”
Shirone, not wanting to cause trouble right after entering the royal castle, shook her head.
It was true that he was wary of dangerous situations, but he still wanted to believe that his real parents couldn’t harm him.
If not even that… … Even if they share the same blood, there would be no reason to be here.
“all right. I’ll go to the boudoir. Can we all see it during mealtime?”
Ordos shook his head.
“At mealtimes you will have a separate seat. A commoner cannot interfere with a royal meal.”
Sirone frowned.
Vincent and Olina were the benefactors and only parents who raised them for 18 years.
Even if he was of royal blood, he had no intention of denying that fact.
Come to think of it, Kazura’s people had never expressed their gratitude to Vincent and Olina.
Maybe they think that they didn’t abandon their child, but only left it for a while.
It was clear that he took Vincent and Olina’s good deeds for granted, just as the king obeyed when the king ordered them.
Sirone couldn’t tolerate that much.
If my parents treated me like this, I didn’t mind going home now.
“I can’t. Let us dine together.”
“Sirone… … We are fine.”
Vincent said with a contemplative face.
Having been tormented by nobles, let alone royalty, all his life, he knew how dangerous Sirone’s remarks were.
But Sirone did not back down.
If any type of conflict ever had to happen, now was the best time to get it done.
“no. Then I won’t attend either. Parents must be present at mealtime.”
Ordos pursed his lips and thought.
He’s a really naughty kid. Do you think you already have everything just because you were nominated as the first prince?
Of course, he will become a prince, but that does not change the power structure.
In the royal castle, there is the former first prince, Theraze’s son.
When I thought about it, I was puzzled again.
Even though it was widely announced that Eliza’s biological son would be brought, Theraze did not show any movement.
It could be that he thought he was confident enough, or it could be the unspoken pressure from the forces planted in Kazura to act on their own.
The power of the Empress is mighty. Until now, there was no way to oppose her, so she was not particularly divided into factions, but it was time for her to line up well from now on.
But Ordos was skeptical.
They said they excelled at magic school, but they weren’t opponents to attack with just that amount of cards, Theraze’s children.
“I understand Sirone’s words, but it’s not my decision. Since it is against the law, it could lead to a national incident. So, I’m sorry, but why don’t you tell His Highness directly?”
Sirone nodded as if he had nothing to fear.
“great. I will tell you myself.”
“Then go. I will guide you to the boudoir.”
Sirone, who was following Ordos, looked back and said.
“I’ll be back. See you later.”
Reina looked at Sirone, who was moving away.
Are you really going to bring Vincent and Olina to the royal table?
Royal etiquette is higher than the laws of the state. Due to the nature of the monarchy, the country is shaken when the king’s authority is insulted.
It was clear that the current decision would bring risks in one way or another.
Olina grabbed Reina by the collar and begged.
“We are really fine. I think it would be better to dry the sirone. I want to talk, but I don’t know anything… … .”
It wasn’t just because Olina’s knowledge was short.
Reina also didn’t know what Sirone was thinking when he acted like this.
“It is strange. I’m not the type to be stubborn.”
“Sirone has already started fighting.”
Reina looked back at Amy and asked again.
“fight?”
Amy said, recalling the conversation she had with Sirone.
“The reason Sirone responded to Wangseong’s invitation was because she wanted to meet her real parents. But Sirone is not interested in the heir or the prince. She will go to magic school again and stay with her family. Of course, that family is the two of you here. That’s why you can’t give up. If you take a step back from here, you will be swayed to the end. Sirone chose the royal table as the point of gaining a strategic advantage.”
“My son… … .”
Olina burst into tears.
They were really bad parents. In this situation, he couldn’t protect his son, but he was taking care of his son.
Actually, she wanted to fight too. I wanted to claim to the face of the king or whatever, that he was my son because I raised him.
But it wasn’t because she lacked courage that she couldn’t do that.
none other than royalty And Sirone is trying to become a prince of a country.
Vincent said as he wrapped his arms around Olina’s shoulder.
“Watch. he’s our son I am a deep child All we have to do is follow what he says.”
Olina nodded, wiping away tears.
Theraje’s Lineage (1)
Sirone entered the boudoir where the royal family lived.
Like another castle within a castle, a completely different scene unfolded from the scenery so far.
Portraits of royalty were hung on the walls decorated with bright golden wallpaper, and luxurious carpets were spread on the floor.
Sirone headed to Orkamp’s room. He was located at the far end of the castle, so there was no difficulty in finding him.
When I entered the study, Orkamp was sitting at his desk, lost in thought. It wasn’t until after a while that he realized that you had come, and he stood up and said,
“Are you here?”
It was more emotional than in the grand hall, but the initial awkwardness still lingered.
“Come this way. Mother is waiting.”
Her mother was Kazura’s queen, Orkamp Eliza. Orkamp said only those words, but did not say a word to her on the way. Sirone was so nervous that he couldn’t even recognize that fact. It was the moment when she finally met the mother who gave birth to her.
It was said that Eliza’s room was the most extravagant and luxurious space in the Kazura Kingdom. In a huge room, there was a white bed on which ten people could lie, and a woman even paler than him sat on it.
There is no law that says a country’s queen has to be beautiful, but she was beautiful, and her big eyes contained sadness.
“iced coffee… … .”
Eliza was so moved that she could not speak.
She got out of bed and took Sirone in her arms without saying anything that she had prepared at first.
Sirone just stood there. She felt the need to hug her, but for some reason she couldn’t move her fingertips.
Her body smelled good. She was a very luxurious and precious royal scent that Sirone had never smelled before.
But it wasn’t Olina’s smell.
“My son, you are finally here. I’m sorry mom… … ! Forgive her mother!”
Eliza’s weeping voice choked Syrone as well.
When I was young, I used to resent my parents for abandoning me. However, Vincent and Olina filled the void of blood that could never be filled with great love.
So I felt guilty. She was also unfamiliar with herself, unable to speak kind words to Eliza.
“outside… … I have parents who raised me.”
Eliza dropped herself and examined Sirone’s face.
What a beautiful boy he was. This, too, was of his own, and Orkamp’s, noble lineage.
“Yeah, but not anymore. i am your mother You will become the first prince and inherit the kingdom. Don’t worry about anything. From now on, your mother will protect you.”
Sirone’s chest felt tight.
He regretted coming here for the first time, although he still did not know what it was that angered him.
“I want to eat with them. I know it is against the laws of the kingdom, but I think they deserve that treatment.”
Eliza put on a puzzled expression and turned to her husband.
Orkamp was also disappointed by Sirone’s words. What does a mountaineer nanny matter to the future king of a country?
Orkamp doubted that Sirone did not have the qualities of an heir, then shook his head.
If it was Orkamp’s blood, there was no way that would be the case.
However, it was only because the environment in which he grew up was different that he had not yet been able to break the temperament of the king.
Sirone should be the first prince. That was the only way to stand against Theraze’s forces.
said Orkamp, looking displeased.
“Do you really have to? Meals are usually shared among family members. I don’t like it when an uninvited guest interrupts. I will give them separate instructions and treat them without regret.”
Sirone firmly shook her head. And he glared at Eliza with bitter eyes.
Was it like this after all? Is the law of one meal more important than the hard work of raising a son? Is that why he abandoned himself like a devoted partner when a crisis came to the kingdom?
Eliza read the disappointment and frustration in Sirone’s eyes and hurriedly changed her mind. When she abandoned Syrone, she gave her own consent, but it was entirely for the sake of her husband, Orkamp.
Is there any mother in the world who wants to abandon her child? Wracked with guilt all her life, she would do anything you asked for with her poetry.
“If you want, you can do that. I took care of you, so that’s nothing. Anyway, my son wants it.”
Eliza was touched by what she had said and hugged Sirone again.
—————————————

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-269.txt
=============YYYYY=============
[269] Theraze’s Lineage (2)
Surprisingly, the permission was given easily, but Sirone had expected this situation from the beginning.
Those who have are free. It was the same when the Ogent family risked their lives to relocate the Great Library.
The butlers meticulously sorted books according to the rules, but in reality the nobles didn’t even care if the books were lost or not.
Eliza hugged Sirone and repeated what she said over and over again, but no sound remained in Sirone’s mind as he was absorbed in thought.
Suddenly, Eliza remembered something and jumped up.
“This is not the time. I can’t be dressed like this when I’m eating with my son for the first time. Honey, I’ll change my clothes.”
“Let it be.”
Elise left Sirone and walked to the dressing room. Then the female attendants lined up and followed her.
For Sirone, it seemed that clothes were not important when it came to eating. However, just as there is a dress code for aristocratic parties, it seemed that choosing clothes for the royal family was as important as finding their son after 18 years.
After Eliza leaves, only Orkamp and Syrone remain. An awkward silence ensued, in which no words were exchanged. I don’t know if I thought about it from the beginning or if I couldn’t overcome the awkwardness, but Orkamp spoke to me for the first time.
“Sirone… … did you say?”
“yes. It’s the name my parents gave me.”
Sirone emphasized that her parents built it. There must have been a name Orkamp had given him, but he didn’t want to throw away the name Sirone.
“I see. That’s a good name.”
Contrary to expectations, Orkamp did not say much.
It occurred to him that he might not have had a name given to him from the beginning. If so, she had already made up her mind to abandon her child while he was still growing inside her mother’s womb.
“Do you resent me?”
“I used to resent it when I was younger. But now… … .”
Sirone swallowed the next words. It seemed too rude to say that he was rather fortunate to have been born as Vincent’s son.
Orkamp read Sirone’s emotions with his unique insight and smiled bitterly.
“I guess not now.”
“that… … .”
“Know. Being a member of the royal family is not a very good place, even if it is glamorous to look at. There are a lot of responsibilities and a lot to give up.”
“It sounds like you gave up on me.”
Orkamp was momentarily taken aback by Sirone’s question, but soon returned with a calm expression.
“I’m sorry. I couldn’t find you… … .”
Sirone shook her head to block Orkamp’s words.
didn’t want to hear
No, I really wanted to hear it. But the words that came out of his mouth were not the answers he expected. I was so sure.
“are you okay. You were looking for me even now.”
Orkamp felt Sirone’s extraordinaryness. Even though he lived as a commoner for 18 years, he could not find the slightest sign of nervousness in the royal castle of a foreign country. In addition, he was the owner of a firm spirit that carried through his demands even when he faced the king and queen.
‘indeed… … Doesn’t the blood thin?’
Having concluded that, Orkamp turned to his study to proceed with the next step. Then he suddenly thought that Shirone would be left alone, so he turned around again and asked.
“In 30 minutes it will be meal time. Will you be here?”
Sirone shook her head. I felt like I was going to suffocate if I stayed in this room for one more minute.
“no. I’ll be out. Can I take a look at the royal castle?”
This request was pure curiosity, without any calculations. It is a great honor for a commoner, even an aristocrat, to be invited to the royal castle. Aside from honor, it was a good opportunity to visit the royal castle, which he had been curious about since he was young.
Orkamp readily agreed.
“then. You can watch anywhere. Because this will be your home now.”
Sirone was thinking of going back to magic school. However, it was premature for him to bring up such a topic at this point, so he just thanked Orkamp for his kindness and left the room.
Sirone walked down the aisle in a fluttering mood. Where should I go first? Armory, bakery, chapel, anywhere was good, but the most appealing was the gallery with various art pieces on display.
An elderly official stood at the corner of the hallway, and Sirone approached him to ask for directions. But before he could say anything, the official bowed his head first.
“Sirone-sama, there is someone I want to meet.”
As soon as Sirone heard the official’s words, he was upset.
Normally, I would have followed without a murmur, but I didn’t like this situation because I was tired of the self-righteous and self-centered way of thinking of the royal family.
“Later. I want to be alone now. Her Highness also said that it doesn’t matter if we go anywhere until mealtime.”
I don’t know the official’s job title, but Sirone openly showed dislike. Since he had said everything he had to say even in front of the king, he did not seem to need to notice an official.
However, the unidentified official said with a mean smile that he would have no choice but to follow his words.
“Of course, that’s fine too, but wouldn’t it be nice to meet?”
Seeing the uneasiness in the official’s laugh, Sirone put aside her irritated feelings and regained her composure. She was an outright blackmailer. She was, so she was curious. It wasn’t long before it was time to eat. Is there a reason she has to find herself in such a hurry?
“Who is that person?”
A sharp aura passed through the official’s eyes.
“This is Terraze Zion. He is the first prince of Kazura. Of course not yet.”
The official emphasized the word ‘until now’. It meant that the position of the first prince would pass in the future, but for some reason, it was a nuance that was interpreted in the opposite way.
Sirone became cautious in front of the name Zeon. The target to be most wary of in the royal castle is, of course, the Theraje faction. It was a situation where the central part of the faction requested a contact first.
Even in Sirone’s opinion, it was better to meet him as soon as possible and find out what kind of person he was. This is because if you know their tendencies, you can roughly infer how they will move. Perhaps Zion had the same idea, so he sent an official.
“Okay, let’s meet.”
“It’s an excellent decision. Please come this way.”
The official took Sirone to the east side of the inner room.
It was a place where the royal family lived, and although it was smaller than Orkamp’s boudoir, it was luxurious enough.
There is a statue of a lion reaching up to the ceiling in the hall that divides the east and west, and four roads extend from there to the north, south, east, and west.
After advancing 20 meters to the east, a golden gate awaited Sirone. An official opened it from the outside, revealing an artificial garden with white marble floors.
Sirone inspected the interior before entering.
The garden was beautiful, but it was the best condition for decorating anything. Although the season is winter, palm trees were planted to feel the atmosphere of the southern country.
At the table in the center, a brother and sister younger than Sirone were drinking tea, and a sleek black cat and a furry white cat were playing with each other on the floor.
“Zeon-nim, Sirone-nim has been brought here.”
Ji-on watched the cat play, listened to the manager’s words, and only slightly raised his head without looking away.
“Ask me to come in.”
When the order was given, the official smiled and gestured for Sirone to enter.
Sirone pulled her chin in tight and walked straight ahead.
If you look down on them from the beginning, all your strategies will be in vain. The sound of an unidentified official closing the door and leaving was strangely depressing.
Sirone walked to the table, ignored her manners, and studied the siblings’ faces with intense eyes.
‘They are… … .’
Theraze Zeon and Theraze Uorin.
He was the current first prince and princess of Kazura.
They are, of course, Orkamp’s children. However, as far as the surname was concerned, he followed his mother, Thera Zeh. The reason is simple. Orkamp was pushed back in the power game of arranged marriage. In the world, this is called Orkamp’s humiliation.
Only then did Ji-on turn his head and look up at Sirone. Then, as if Shirone’s serious face was funny, he trembled.
“haha! don’t be too nervous I won’t eat you.”
Sirone doesn’t know what Kashan’s Empress Theraze looks like. However, if you remove Orkamp’s features from Ji-on’s face, she seems to be able to get a glimpse of what the Empress looks like.
He was a beautiful boy with cold silver hair, dark double eyelids, and a sharp cat-like chin. With that alone, it was easy to guess that Theraze’s beauty was beyond imagination.
Uorin greeted Sirone with a smile.
“Hello, I’m Wu Lin. Are you a magician? I saw it in that magazine.”
A white cat jumped up on Uorin’s lap. Sirone couldn’t take her eyes off the fourteen-year-old girl who was cuddling her cat and petting her fur.
If Theraze was inferred through Ji-on’s appearance, Uorin felt like Theraze was clearly revealed.
She resembles Theraze even more than Zeon. No, to be precise, it seemed that Orkamp’s blood was hardly mixed.
She was a beautiful girl, and beyond that beauty, she had a certain spiritual and mysterious appearance.
Sirone had experienced similar feelings before. He never expected to feel again in a human the way he felt when he first saw Ichael in heaven.
Uorin lowered her head and looked up at Sirone with a worried look.
“Why, why do you look like that? Now, in a few days, they will be family, and they say that look in their eyes is burdensome.”
Sirone’s face brightened.
“No, I didn’t mean it that way… … .”
Uorin held her stomach and smiled as if she had never done that.
“Ho-ho-ho! Just kidding, kidding! I heard that she is 18 years old, but she is very naive. Don’t do that, come this way.”
Sirone regained her composure and sat down in the seat Uorin gave her. He almost lost control, but this was the start.
An attendant served tea and a full-fledged conversation ensued.
Contrary to the expectation that a fierce psychological warfare would begin, Ji-on was optimistic about the current situation.
It was possible because he looked down at Sirone.
“If you’re not an idiot, you’ll know the situation in the castle. The weight of the castle called Theraje. I just called to finish it off cleanly. I don’t know what your father was thinking, but you can’t be king anyway. So you’d better not walk around with your head upright.”
It is safe to say that blatantly urging the first prince candidate to give up was an official bid for the position of king.
Sirone, who had read through history books, was acutely aware of how the bloody bloody battles of the royal family unfolded.
But this time, I was rather grateful for Jion who came out like this. From the beginning, he was not even interested in the kingship.
“don’t worry. I’m only here by invitation. I’ll be back when this job is over. I have no desire to live here. I have no intention of becoming king.”
“ha ha ha! You speak well. Do sly guys usually stab you in the back of the head after saying that? He’s also a mean wizard. Oh! Not even a wizard? An aspiring wizard.”
Uorin scolded Jion.
“Brother, don’t be like that. Sirone’s older brother had a difficult childhood. It’s really great that a commoner went to a magic school. Besides, he is now evaluated as a great prospect.”
Uorin, on the contrary to Jion, was friendly to Sirone.
However, from Sirone’s point of view, it felt more dangerous than Zeon’s outright hostility.
Uorin is also Terase’s daughter. She had no reason for her to be nice to herself.
Uorin said with a pretty smile.
“Sirone oppa still seems wary of us. It’s all because of Ji-on. Oh, can I call you brother?”
Sirone was not used to the atmosphere here.
Theraje siblings had opposite tendencies, as if they were going back and forth between heaven and hell. Trying to care about those two people at the same time made my head tangled up.
“Well, it hasn’t been decided yet. Are you still going to do it?”
“Hey, how are you? I’ll just call you brother. Because he’s older than me. By the way, oppa, are you using magic by any chance?”
“Magic? Uh, anything basic.”
Uorin clapped and liked it.
“wow! exciting! Be sure to show me later! Magic is amazing every time I see it. How can the fire go out of your hand?”
Sirone was increasingly seized with a strange feeling.
There was no sense of strategy in Uorin’s attitude. She even thought that maybe she was just a nice, bright girl.
However, if you are a girl from a mountain village, as long as you are the daughter of an empress, if your hair is superior to others, you will be outstanding and not inferior.
Sirone suddenly discovered the common ground between Ji-on and Uorin.
They are not afraid of anything.
Zeon’s blatant hostility and Uorin’s friendly attitude that didn’t fit the situation were all possible because he had the enormous power of TheraJera at his back.
—————————————

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-27.txt
=============YYYYY=============
Please enable JavaScript
[Translator – Anwen]
Chapter 27
Jake mounted his high horse.
‘Behold, this is the real battle of adults. In this world, dirty, cheap humans will always end up winning. Kekeke. Goodbye, Amy. Even if I fall into hell, I’ll make sure to bring you with me.’
“Don’t get c*cky, Jake.”
Siena narrowed her ice-cold eyes and spoke.
“I’ve already heard from Sharelle before coming here. You won’t be able to attend this academy anymore.”
“Don’t make such assumptions. You’re a teacher who teaches students. You’re not a part of the management team, correct?”
“What did you say?”
“You know how much the Ardius family donates, don’t you? It’s more than 10 first-class aristocrats combined. You think you can expel me?”
Most aristocratic academies ran on a donation system. It was for the maintenance of expensive equipment. If the equipment was underdeveloped or outdated, students would not be able to reach their highest potential. If their grades drop, the title of being one of the top prestigious academies would be taken away, and the vicious cycle of talented students being reluctant to enter would repeat.
If there was history and tradition to back up an academy, it would at least be able to hold out to some extent. However, that was not the case for Alpheas Magic Academy as it was an emerging one that was only 30 years old, it needed support from the nobles.
It was Thadd, a graduate of Alpheas Magic Academy, who knew this better than anyone else. If the money from Jake’s family disappeared, they would be financially damaged.
“Ms. Siena, I think you’re being a bit too hasty regarding the talk of expulsion. Wouldn’t that matter be for the disciplinary committee to decide?”
“No. Jake is expelled. If we don’t expel him from the academy, how will we be able to face those who dropped out? If Jake stays, I will take responsibility as a fellow instructor and resign.”
Thadd imagined an academy without Siena and immediately stamped out the thought. Much to Thadd’s displeasure, she was a woman with a cold personality… But he knew she had great magical qualities. Her quitting the academy was a different matter from Jake’s expulsion.
Jake’s shoulders shook as he laughed.
“Hahaha! You’ll quit? I’m down for it! Let’s see if it will be the teacher or me who leaves first.”
Frost materialized on Siena’s shoulder. Since she was an ice mage, even her boiling anger manifested through cold ice.
“Where do you think your salary comes from? How do the libraries buy their books? What about the money to open a training ground? Expensive magic devices? At the end of the day, the world revolves around money! Money! There’s nothing in this world that can’t be achieved through money!”
At that moment, Siena raised her hand. Jake looked around at the ground around his feet in bewilderment. The moment he felt his surroundings get chilly, cold air whirled above ground in a vortex.
“Keuk!”
Realizing that it was an Ice Tornado that would drop the temperature of the air on call, Jake curled up and covered his face.
CRRAACKKK!
The whirlwind of frost ascended and trapped Jake. Hundreds of icicles revealed themselves as the air froze over.
“Ughh!”
A sharp icicle scraped past Jake’s face, shoulders, sides, and legs. Jake couldn’t move an inch. It was as if he was trapped in a mold.
‘Wow! That’s amazing.’
Shirone genuinely admired Siena’s work. Even if a mage was omnipotent, it was difficult to control the freezing phenomenon at a molecular level. The rumor that she was a genius mage coveted by the royal palace was no exaggeration.
“How dare a student lecture me, an instructor? Unlike what that minuscule brain of yours might think, there are many things in this world that money cannot buy.”
Jake scrunched up his face. There was nothing in this world that money could not buy. He grew up watching countless nobles turn into mindless beasts when faced with the gold he would at times present to them.
“Something you can’t buy with money? What the hell is that?”
“Talent.”
Jake flinched. Siena stabbed where it hurt most.
“Quality. Personality. Faith. Intelligence. Trust. Effort. True willingness. Should I continue?”
Jake wanted to scream. Why was this woman bothering him? As long as he could shut that blabbering mouth of hers, he didn’t care about how much money he’d have to give. He just wanted her to shut up.
The Ice Tornado shattered into pieces when Siena flicked her finger. The ice shards smacked Jake in the face with no remorse.
“Eeeukk…”
Jake didn’t even have the courage to open his eyes. He was terrified. He was worried that his face might get ruined by the sharp ice shards.
“Now you understand, Jake? Money can’t buy everything… And that is why you don’t have anything.”
Siena, who had grabbed Jake by the collar, pulled him hard and looked him dead in the eyes.
“Urgh!”
“So, I’m telling you, don’t get too full of yourself. The Academy is the only place that teaches you things that money can’t buy… And you just took that for granted. When you leave this academy, no one will teach you these things… Because no one outside of this place truly can.”
Jake had a sinking feeling in the pit of his stomach. He had never thought about that. A situation wherein he would not be attending the academy.
Siena would definitely expel him. If that happened, he wouldn’t be able to challenge anything. That’s how he would become a loser and stay one for the rest of his life.
The son of the Ardius family labeled a loser…
‘It’s over. I’m…’
An appearance of a young juvenile boy gradually began to emerge from his pale-stricken face. Jake, with a scrunched-up face as if he was about to cry, knelt at Siena’s feet and burst into tears.
“I’m sorry, Ms. Olifer. I was wrong. Please, don’t kick me out of the academy. Give me a second chance. I won’t do this again. I’ll really study hard from now on.”
Shirone’s company became solemn. They understood how scary it would be for a student if they were to get kicked into the real world.
Siena bent her knees and pulled Jake.
“When the disciplinary committee is held, sincerely apologize. That’s the bare minimum you need to do in order to put everything back in place. I will be on your side, so let’s do this one step at a time.”
“Thank you! Thank you so much!”
Shirone realized again that there were so many things that money couldn’t buy. Many students here also had to work their butts off in order to advance and achieve their goals.
So what if you were a commoner or an aristocrat? Not all dreams could be achieved with money.
[Translator – Anwen]
Join our discord for updates on releases!
Come and read on our website wuxia worldsite. Thanks
Members of Black Magician were confined to a punishment room and treated.
The disciplinary committee was scheduled to be held around tomorrow, and Shirone’s group had a separate meeting with the instructors.
As Thadd wrote the affidavit, Shirone detailed how he suppressed Black Magician. As expected, the instructors’ eyes widened.
“What? You overpowered Anti-Magic with your Spirit Zone?”
“Yes, I heard from Ms. Romie that Anti-Magic is a magic that requires high mental fortitude, so casting it recklessly is dangerous. I guess I tried to hold out with the Defense Form without realizing it.”
Everyone, except Amy, was speechless.
Of course, if one did not specialize in Anti-Magic, it was difficult to achieve full efficiency. However, even taking that into account, it was a simultaneous attack by five people against one.
This kind of result would have been impossible if Shirone’s Spirit Zone was not stronger than all of the five Black Magician members combined.
Siena leaned her face close to Shirone’s. She lifted his eyelids around to observe his pupils, and when no abnormal findings were found, she sighed in relief
“Never do that again. Anti-magic is a much more dangerous magic than you might believe. We made it through safely this time, but if things had been different, someone could have ended up crippled with no way to use magic.”
Even Shirone, who had nerves of steel, felt a sinking feeling when he heard such a possibility directly from Siena. At the time, all that was going through his head was ‘protect Amy’.
Amy avoided his gaze. Since she was the one who put Sirone in danger, it was natural for her to have a guilty conscience.
Siena rested her chin on her hand and got lost in thought. To be able to subdue Anti-Magic meant that you had great talent. She knew from the beginning that he had excellent durability, but she didn’t expect it to be this splendid.
Thadd, on the other hand, scowled in disapproval. He got annoyed that Shirone could do something Amy couldn’t.
With that in mind, Thadd said.
“Shirone, why didn’t you tell us right away? The first thing you should have done was report it to us, not fly over and then report. I can’t understand why you, by yourself, went to go save a senior who is in a much higher class than you.”
Shirone and Amy felt that the time had finally come.
For once, Siena did not step in to stop Thadd. Since they were in a situation that involved Black Magician, an organization that has forced multiple students to drop out, she wanted to get at least this cleared up.
Shirone smiled and nodded to Amy who had a questioning look. Even if the secret was revealed, he wouldn’t resent her.
Amy sighed as if she could not do it.
“Okay. I’ll tell you the truth.”
Sharelle was more curious about Shirone’s secret than anyone else. How long have they known each other? No, rather than that, why was Amy covering for him?
“Actually, Shirone is…”
As everyone waited in anticipation, Amy scratched her head, and with a big smile, she said…
“My lover.”
“WHAT?!”
The unexpected answer shook the room.
Despite his disbelief, Thadd pressed her for answers.
“Since when? You were never interested in dating. Besides, Shirone is a freshman who just entered the academy.”
“I met him when I was young, haha! This is common, is it not?”
Amy made a fuss on purpose.
‘This should do it.’
After all, she would soon graduate to the Advanced Classes anyways, and she wouldn’t run into Shirone much if their class time was different.
It would be noisy for a while, but it wasn’t a bad thing. If students found out that she had a lover, there would be fewer boys chasing her around.
It was an excellent improvisation, she thought.
On the other hand, Shirone, who had to accept this new announcement, had a pounding heart. Amy was a higher-than-high upperclassman and was the object of envy for quite a lot of students. He knew this was just something to solve the current situation, but to say it was a huge burden was no lie.
“Right, Shirone?”
Amy looked back, smiling with her eyes. It was obvious it was forced. Shirone felt like he could hear her voice threatening to kill him if he did not answer quickly.
“Oh! Yes, yes that’s right.”
“KYAAA! How could this happen? I’m shocked, no, I’m moved! My heart’s throbbing with emotions.”
Sharelle slapped herself and spoke quickly.
“Hoho, I thought so from a long time ago! No wonder this girl always turns nice whenever she sees you! When did you guys start dating?! Who confessed first?!”
Since Amy’s friend, Sharelle, believed the story, even the instructors could not help but suppose it was true. If they actually were a couple, Shirone chasing after Black Magician with such vigor was not surprising.
Thadd wrote the affidavit as he tore out his hair.
“The victims of this incident, Shirone and Amy, have a relationship…”
The rumor spread quickly.
There was no student at Alpheas Magic Academy who did not know that Shirone and Amy were lovers. The news became so big partly because of the shocking behavior of Black Magician, but it was mainly thanks to the saga delivered by the chatterbox Sharelle.
Shirone infiltrates the enemy’s camp alone to protect his lover. Black Magician fought back with Anti-Magic, but he overcame it with the power of love and rescued Amy.
The villain boss Jake was overwhelmed by the gleam in Shirone’s eyes and shed tears. And with a runny nose, he begged for forgiveness. After everything was done and dusted, the two kissed each other amidst the moonlit mountains.
“SHARELLE!!! You wanna die?! Why the hell did you run around spreading such a baseless rumor?!”
“KEKEKE! Why? It’s all facts! roughly.”
“Roughly? Roughly?! That also means not everything is true! When the hell did I kiss Shirone?!”
“Oh my, don’t act so coy. You said you guys were dating. And since you two have been dating each other for quite a while, you must’ve already kissed. Don’t you think you need this much to dramatize things?”
“Are you some kind of a playwright? Why are you dramatizing other people’s stories on your own?”
“Well, isn’t this better? The boys who were bothering you won’t dare to come close now! Hahaha!”
“SHARELLE!”
Join our discord for updates on releases!

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-270.txt
=============YYYYY=============
[270] Theraze’s Lineage (3)
Uorin looked at the wall clock and hurriedly put the cat down and stood up.
“uh? It’s time to eat. Brother, let’s go.”
After setting down the teacup, Ji-on stood up and pressed her face to Sirone.
“I don’t know what they came here for, but you better not expect too much. If you don’t want to get hurt.”
Sirone didn’t even snort.
“To be clear, I’m not expecting anything. The only reason I came here is to meet my biological parents.”
“haha! biological parents? yeah, it doesn’t matter But you know what? Can’t parents who abandoned their children once abandon them twice?”
Sirone did not understand and frowned.
“What are you talking about?”
“To be pathetic. In front of power, there is no blood or anything. Surely you don’t think your father suddenly found you for no reason?”
Sirone also expected that there must be some reason why he found himself after 18 years. However, it was shocking to hear such a story from Ji-on.
Uorin patted Ji-on on the shoulder.
“Oh, yes! because let’s go fast If you’re late, you’ll get scolded.”
Ji-on laughed at Sirone and was led out the door by his sister’s hand.
Only then did Jion leave the room, leaving Sirone alone, looking back and clicking his tongue.
“Sheesh! He’s a no-nonsense guy. I don’t particularly like the eyes. Is it because you live vulgarly? Where are you going to talk back to me when it’s not enough even if I shudder?”
Uorin comforted Jion.
“Don’t be so. I’m glad I have a wizard brother. I can’t be your brother’s competitor anyway. As long as there is a mother, Kazura Kingdom belongs to my brother.”
“Who doesn’t know that? It’s because I don’t like what I’m doing. I hate to be called father. Orkamp’s son. I will definitely get rid of it when I become king.”
Wu Lin pursed her lips.
In any country, the idea of a son killing his father is immoral. Moreover, this place was a royal castle. If this voice leaked out, the kingdom would be turned upside down.
But Uorin’s reaction was just that.
They were the children of Theraze.
@
The food served on the table of the royal family was so magnificent that even commoners would not even dream of dying while eating it.
Sirone didn’t think it would be necessary to spend so much money on the food she ate every day, but in reality, it was a virtue of the royal family to be extravagant even when no one else was eating it.
The royal family should be superior to the nobility in even the smallest things.
As long as the nobles of the world indulge in all sorts of luxuries, the royal family’s ignorant and excessive spending will not be corrected.
Sirone and the others sat in the last seats. Not only Vincent and his wife, but also Raina and Amy had pale faces.
I really didn’t expect to be invited to the king’s table.
Could this be the first time in the 100-year history of the Kazura Kingdom?
That added to my anxiety, to the point where I didn’t even know where the food was going into the hole.
The atmosphere at the table was chilling.
Orkamp’s pride was hurt by the situation that broke the law, and Sirone and Zion were also hurt by the conversation in the room a while ago.
But Eliza was in a very good mood. Because she liked the clothes she picked out in the dressing room. She was wearing a dress with sable fur trimmed on the sleeves, and for her accessories she chose diamonds.
Eliza, who was flipping through the food as if she was trying to disassemble it into molecules, suddenly put down the tableware and smiled brightly.
“I need to decorate Sirone’s room. gorgeous and gorgeous Like you, I’m blonde, so I’ll have to order a navy blue suit too. Oh, and you’ll need a wagon too. I will be out of my mind for a while.”
Olina’s face darkened. None of which she could do on her own.
Sirone spoke as if she had made up her mind.
“I don’t need that. It is enough for my parents who have raised me up until now.”
“Huh, my son is frugal. But there’s such a thing as royalty, so you can’t live the same life as before. Let’s see… … Yes, gold suits you. No, sapphire?”
“Golden or jewels, it doesn’t matter. My parents here did their best for me. You won’t get that kind of love anywhere.”
Eliza frowned. What could be more important than gold and jewels? It is their job to enjoy the most luxurious wealth in the kingdom. It is a duty, not a right.
Prior to becoming the first prince, he was informing about the duties of the royal family, but the son who was reciting the love of a nanny did not deserve it.
No, perhaps Sirone has too much affection. That’s why she can’t say that she will live well alone in front of her babysitter.
Eliza looked back at Sirone’s parents.
“Did you say Vincent?”
Vincent hurriedly put the tableware down.
“Ah yes! My name is Ariane Vincent!”
“I will make a separate case for you. You should be rewarded for taking good care of our son. It will weigh too much to pay with money, dear, why don’t you give me some land in the Cocent area?”
said Orkamp, looking uninterested.
“I’d love to.”
Sirone had a tantrum. They came to the royal castle as they wished. Vincent and Olina are worried about losing their child. In such a situation, the only gift I could give to the two was pride in raising my child well.
Thank you for raising my son, I hoped that those great people who wear the badge of royalty would say just one word. But could it be so difficult to get the word out?
“Wait. Why do you keep talking like that? You raised me for 18 years. My parents, who have taught me how to live on behalf of my real parents from a young age until now.”
Eliza’s expression turned ferocious. It is of course a pity that I abandoned Sirone. But a little while ago, I was annoyed by taking the side of vulgar things.
“Is it because the price is low? Then build a small castle on the land… … .”
Sirone’s voice rose.
“It’s not like that! Why don’t you ever say thank you?”
Eliza put on a blank expression. At first, she wondered if Sirone’s mind was a little strange. Why should royalty have to say thank you to common people?
Ji-on said with an uncomfortable expression.
“What are you doing rudely? Do you think this is the table for commoners where you used to live?”
Sirone glared at Zion. Indignation welled up inside him, but he had a point in his words. There was room for the situation to flow strangely if he went out stronger at the gathering of the royal family.
Uorin hurriedly extinguished it.
“Oh, yes. It’s because Sirone oppa is such a kind person. In my opinion, Sirone oppa thinks emotions are more important than material things. So, the price of not conveying emotions is just an exchange of things.”
At this moment, Shirone also saw Uorin as a lovely little sister. I couldn’t be so grateful to her for telling her what she wanted to say.
Uorin met Sirone’s eyes and winked. Then he told the Vincent couple.
“I’m sorry for pushing you so hard. And thank you so much for raising my older brother so wonderfully.”
“Oh, no. how do i… … .”
Vincent trembled in embarrassment. He never dreamed that he would be thanked by royalty throughout his life.
Sirone’s expression softened a little. On the one hand, she felt sorry that she had misunderstood her child, Wu Lin, until now.
On the other hand, Rayna was shocked. Uorin is the princess of the Theraze family. And the emperor of the Kashan Empire was inherited by women with the surname of Theraje from generation to generation.
Zeon is the king of one country, but Uorin beats a few competitors to become the emperor of the Kashan Empire and rise to the position of dominating the continent. Therefore, apart from Kazura’s politics, it was clear that Uorin’s actual power would be overwhelming.
It was a surprising event for a child with such power to express his gratitude to the common people, and from a different angle, it could be seen that the king’s temperament was rather strong.
As Reina expected, Urin’s remarks exerted a powerful influence. As she favorably treated her Vincent couple, Orkamp, who had been silent until now, could not help but support her will.
“I must have thought too much from the royal family’s point of view. I am very grateful to you guys.”
Vincent lowered his head again.
“Oh, no. We just did what we had to do.”
Anger crept into his wife, Olina’s eyes. You can tell by a woman’s intuition. Urin’s words were sincere, but Orkamp wasn’t.
Of course, I didn’t give birth to Sirone in my belly. However, he was the son who occupied her heart with love thicker than blood while raising her for 18 years.
If Sirone can be happy, I can let her go, even if she says she is leaving with her real parents. However, even though the best parents who have nothing to envy in the world appeared, I was not in a good mood.
“We don’t need money. I just want Sirone to live happily.”
Sirone looked back at Olina with a surprised expression.
Unlike the moment before, when he was afraid of being oppressed by the power of the royal family, his voice contained subtle anger.
There was no way Eliza, who was astounded by one noticing, could miss that feeling. Her expression was crumpled. I couldn’t stand it if it was Sirone, but I couldn’t stand her nanny’s arrogance.
Even so, the reason why they cannot be kicked out immediately is because Wulin’s remarks are still exerting influence.
From Eliza’s point of view, Theraze was the abomination of stealing her husband, but she wasn’t foolish enough to ignore the power gap and act. In the end, it was all about getting timid revenge with her belittling tone.
“Let me take it anyway. I don’t want to have another mind later.”
Olina lowered her head, neither affirming nor denying. However, only her eyes were still looking straight at Elise.
Thinking that it would reach the worst if it continued like this, Sirone decided to bring out the core at this point.
“Actually, there is something I want to tell you.”
Eliza also changed her emotions and smiled embarrassingly quickly, perhaps feeling the need to lighten up the atmosphere.
“Yeah, tell me anything. Mommy won’t listen to anything.”
Then Olina was even more offended. Eliza’s words contained ridicule that, no matter how much you and the like acted like mothers, Sirone was royalty.
“I have no intention of becoming the heir to the Kazura kingdom. It’s something that I’ve already talked about with Ji-on. So please stay a while and let me go back to Tormia.”
All the tableware stopped all at once. Orkamp’s face turned serious, and Eliza opened her mouth in dismay.
“What do you mean, Sirone? Now this is your home There is no need to go back to such a shabby place.”
“I want to go back. No, at least let me graduate from the school I am currently attending.”
Sirone first presented her magic school card. To be honest, he wanted to leave the castle like this, but his family could be in danger.
“no! That is absolutely unacceptable! You are a prince with royal blood! There are plenty of magic schools in Kazura! Let me introduce you to the best teacher.”
“I will take the graduation exam next year. This is the most important time for me right now. Give me time, even if it’s just a year.”
Of course, I had no intention of returning after a year. Once I got out of here safely, I was thinking of graduating from magic school and running away with my parents.
Uorin gave Shirone strength again this time.
“I can understand how Sirone oppa feels. There will be friends at school too. Network management is also important.”
“What connections do you have with nobles? You should hang out with royalty.”
Eliza was against death. How could she have found the son, but sent her away again? More than anything, her pride was hurt so much that her mother’s qualifications were being pushed aside by menial things.
Orkamp finally opened his mouth.
“Let me consider it.”
“honey!”
Eliza asked ferociously. However, feeling her coolness in her husband’s eyes, she quickly shut her mouth.
Orkamp also thought it was absurd to hand over his son to a mountaineer. It was the disgrace of the royal family. However, Thera’s child is here. If you catch Sirone as she leaves, you could incur disrespectful suspicion from the Theraze faction.
Reina finally realized Sirone’s strategy.
The Theraze faction is the most dangerous, which also means that it is the most powerful. Rather than resisting them, the idea was to use their power against them to achieve their goals.
‘Certainly because he’s smart.’
At first, I was worried that he seemed too excited, but as expected, it wasn’t Sirone jumping into a no-win fight.
Seating her parents at the royal table and even insisting on leaving this place were decisions she could make only because Theraze’s children were on board.
In the end, Orkamp had no choice but to take a step back.
“Sirone, everything says you are my son. Of course I believe so too. However, it has not yet been clearly verified.”
I’m talking about the need for solid evidence. It’s not usually something to say in a situation like this, but Sirone already expected it. It was because he could reassure the Theraze faction through his remarks.
“So how about doing this? Verification of the first prince must proceed through procedures. I’m going to do a paternity test. If it starts tomorrow, it will take about 4 days for the results to come out. Until then, let’s think of a good way.”
Sirone was reluctant to waste time, but it was impossible from the beginning to build a deal with the royal family with a single sword.
“all right. I will think carefully about it.”
A lot of food was served on the royal table, but no one remembered the menu that day.
—————————————

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-271.txt
=============YYYYY=============
[271] Theraze’s Lineage (4)
Even after midnight, Orkamp couldn’t leave the study. Sitting at his desk, covering his face with both hands, he mumbled sentence by sentence the conversations they had at the table today.
Didn’t he make a mistake, didn’t he stimulate Theraje, and what variables his words would cause in the future.
It was extremely exhausting and tiring to review the words repeated every day.
But no mistakes should be made.
I had no choice but to be careful and careful until I got a card that could stand against the empress.
A voice came from behind Orkamp.
“Did you call, Your Highness?”
A man in his mid-thirties appeared through the darkness. He was an effeminate man with slender eyes as if smiling, and seven piercings hanging along the pinna of his ear.
Morrigan Arius.
In the world, he was a wizard nicknamed a grave robber and an unlocker who opened the immortal function.
As one of the Seven Madou Girls belonging to the Black Line, she was recognized for her scale magic skills and was scouted by Kazura Kingdom five years ago.
Unlike the red line, the black line has no association and therefore no rank or hierarchy.
Although they sometimes form an organization like the 7 Madou Girls, they often act individually like the grave robber Arius. In addition, the majority of criminals were pursued by the state.
There are sorcerers who make accidents on the red line and cross over to the black line, but the line is full of people who commit genocide to such an extent that such people cannot even fit into the axis.
If the name was known to some extent, the bounty started from the basic unit of 100 million, so there was even a guild that only hunted the black line in the red line.
Countries involved in the Black Line are criticized externally, but considering the political situation in Khazra, it was unavoidable.
Even though the civil war ended through an arranged marriage with Theraje, there were still many elements of political instability.
First of all, there was no way the neighboring countries would let Kazura grow, and they had to pay attention to the Theraze faction internally.
It was only natural that Orkamp, who was having a hard time increasing the power of the Red Line due to foreign checks, reached out to the Black Line.
“How did your instructions go?”
“It worked out safely. Most of the secrets must have been stolen. Perhaps Theraze will not notice.”
“Right.”
“Now is the time to move on to the next step. I looked at it and it seemed like a good piece. Could it be His Highness’s son?”
Orkamp felt embarrassed and sighed. When he coldly abandoned his son, it was ridiculous to bring him back because he would always have a way to use it.
Arius smiled like a snake and comforted me.
“Do not worry. Doesn’t that kill you too? There will be no problem.”
“That child… … He said he would leave the castle.”
Arius’ thin narrow eyes opened slightly. A sharp flash like starlight flashed in the exposed pupil.
“okay. Well, the Unlocker doesn’t care much about the world. They are the seeds that wander only in search of strange, miraculous, and unattainable things.”
“Like you?”
Arius’ nickname is Grave Robber. But what he was robbing was not gold or jewels.
“Well, it must be similar. Anyway, nothing changes. Sirone is not important, but Ataraxia is important.”
Orkamp distorted his impression. Why is it that child? No, this is definitely an opportunity. If you miss this opportunity now, you will never be able to escape from Theraze’s grip.
Orkamp never forgets the moment when he was humiliated like a male prostitute after marrying Theraje. He had nightmares every night and often woke up in a cold sweat.
Having trampled on a human being’s spirit to the very bottom, she left like the wind, leaving behind only two stumbling blocks, Ji-on and Woo-rin.
Theraze has a plan to devour the world.
One of its key tasks was the Valkyrie, a multinational army organized to oppose Heaven.
A total of 24 countries participated in the scale of the army, and it was enough to end a small kingdom in three days, and Theraje was the head of the Valkyrie.
The reason Kazura Kingdom has grown rapidly in the past 20 years is also thanks to being able to take over some of Valkyrie’s shares.
However, Orkamp did not see the kingdom’s growth lasting long. Zion is growing well. And his last name is Theraze, not Orkamp.
Eventually, Theraze will devour Kazura. As if she had eaten herself long ago.
Then one day, intelligence arrived. It was news that a student at the magic school in the kingdom of Tormia used the power of heaven.
An investigation was launched immediately, and a shocking fact was revealed. It was the Sirone that the child had abandoned 18 years ago.
Orkamp felt like heaven was helping.
Even in Valkyrie, the army against Heaven, there are very few people who can use the power of Heaven.
According to experts, Ataraxia is an archangel’s ability, and it belongs to Triple S in terms of its ability system.
In Valkyrie, there is not a single person in the past and present who can use the ability of Triple S.
Such Sirone is his bloodline. If he can make Sirone the first prince, he has a weapon against Theraje.
Not only would her position within Valkyrie be strengthened, but there was also the possibility of expelling Theraze’s lineage from Kazra Castle.
Orkamp, who finally made up his mind, asked.
“Can you clone Ataraxia?”
“Because it’s my major. Leave it to me.”
“I don’t want to hurt that kid. I want you to live the life you want.”
It was a lie, of course.
The reason why Sirone was summoned was to keep Theraze in check with Ataraxia’s ability.
In that respect, the existence of the Orkamp lineage was also a risk factor for Theraze’s wrath.
Replicating Ataraxia’s information and returning Sirone was the best result for now. No, if he hadn’t called from the beginning, there wouldn’t have been a need to notice Theraze.
Upon hearing the news of Ataraxia, Arius had infiltrated the Alpheas Magic School. However, the black box was already destroyed to see if there was a person whose head was spinning in the red line.
In the end, the only person in this world who could use Ataraxia was Sirone, and she had no choice but to call her to the royal castle as the next best thing.
“It’s not like stealing it, it’s good, so let’s use it together. A son can do that much for his father, right?”
“If Sirone refuses to be the successor, I have no intention of forcing him. But we absolutely need it.”
Arius nodded confidently.
“Do not worry. Please let Sirone meet for the paternity test tomorrow.”
Orkamp turned his head in a puzzled way.
“A paternity test? It is a place where all ministers observe. It’s to verify the lineage of the royal family, so you can’t play around with it.”
“Of course it is. I have no intention of interfering with the examination. first… … It’s good to be clear about that, haha. But wouldn’t there be a chance of its own before the inspection?”
Orkamp finally understood and nodded.
The inspection is conducted under strict control, but before the inspection, you should have been able to approach Sirone quietly.
“Just make me believe you.”
“Take it easy. It will work out.”
Leaving those words behind, Arius dispersed like smoke. It was the monopoly of those who use scale magic.
The door to the study opened and Eliza entered. The color of his face was not good, as if he had overheard an intimate conversation.
“What is it, at this late hour?”
Eliza put her hands together and begged.
“Honey, this is our son. I don’t know what’s going on, but don’t put the kid in danger.”
“No need to worry. just… … It’s just a political issue. Don’t worry and go back.”
“How can I not worry? Don’t you feel guilty too? Don’t break her heart anymore!”
Orkamp’s impression was terribly crumpled.
“guilty? If we hadn’t abandoned the child, Kazura would have become a vassal of the Yakma. I would have been decapitated by the guillotine, and you, too, would have been made a plaything for foreign officials. Did you really want that to happen?”
Eliza shivered with a pale face. She knew better than anyone what happens to royalty who lose a war.
I never wanted to go through something like that.
Eliza went back to her room without a word. In the future, I will enjoy the same life as now. She had no intention of giving up the position of queen to get anything she wanted.
@
A village 14 kilometers away from the capital of Kazura.
Armin of Gwangan, the Eternal Reflector, was on a special mission while staying in the small town of Toshka.
Of course, the profession of a painter was still valid. Although he lost his eyes, the light in his orbit allowed him to see the other side of the world.
The charcoal passing over the drawing paper drew lines as rough as his emotions.
I didn’t like my hand movements today.
Since the spirit of the artist is bound to be included in the work, as the painting was completed, only a distraught mind stood out.
“Whoa.”
Armin stopped and put the charcoal down.
Due to the nature of his job, he comes into contact with information from around the world and also passes it on. In the eyes of the general public, the world seems to be submerged in silence, but numerous turbulences are forming under the surface.
‘Sirone… … .’
The person who has been talked about the most by those who are active in the abyss lately is, of course, Sirone.
Armin was happy when he started reading an article about Sirone in Spirit magazine.
I thought that the outstanding talent that I felt at the time was finally shining.
However, the moment I learned what the magic circle introduced in the article was, I was shocked.
I don’t know how Sirone acquired the ability of an archangel, but it was an event worthy of attention from the world’s heads of state.
And yesterday, I gathered intelligence that Sirone was invited by Kazura Kingdom.
Orkamp is the son he lost 18 years ago.
The veracity of the rumors could not be ascertained, but if true, the choice of Kazura Kingdom was excellent.
On the other hand, it was dangerous for Sirone.
The kingdom of Kazra was a country under the influence of Theraje, the head of the Valkyries and the empress of the Kashan Empire.
It was too huge a torrent for Sirone, an unfinished magician, to get caught up in.
“What are you doing? He said he’s busy today, but he’s not drawing.”
Keira came in with the side dishes she bought at the market.
On paper, she is a wife, but in reality, a watchman, she frowned at Armin’s pensive look.
“uh? huh.”
Armin hurriedly got out of his thoughts and picked up the charcoal, but he couldn’t escape Keira’s attention.
Even if she loses her senses a little, she is also a person active in the abyss. She must have guessed what Armin was thinking.
“… … .”
Keira waited for Armin to tell the truth without putting down the shopping cart.
But he was just stirring the charcoal as if nothing had happened.
Not knowing what he was thinking because his eyes were covered with a cloth was the second most irritating thing about Keira dealing with him.
“You’re not thinking the wrong way, are you?”
Armin’s hand froze. He frowned in displeasure as he turned to Keira and asked again.
“vagary?”
“I mean Sirone. Of course, you have to give, but it’s not our job to intervene. It is an order from the superior to wait until the Kazura Kingdom draws its own conclusions.”
Armin threw the charcoal at random and stood up.
“Kazura Kingdom is involved with the black line wizard. You know their skills better than anyone. Sirone is also an important figure for us. By the time a conclusion is reached, it will be too late.”
“That’s why it’s even worse. At the top, collisions with the black line are strictly controlled. Better leave it to the red line this time too.”
“It’s not that easy to think about. The reason they took Sirone… … .”
Keira’s eyes turned cold.
“Armin, I’ll say it again, don’t be rash. This is an order as a superior, not as a colleague. If you don’t follow my instructions, you will have no choice but to take out the oath of agreement.”
Armin closed his mouth and glared at Keira. When she disobeys her instructions, her loved ones get hurt. Of course, Shiina was also included in the list.
Keira got goosebumps as the light eyes hidden inside the bandages emitted a cold light.
But I couldn’t give up.
They have been avoiding conflict with the Black Line for 40 years. Breaking the balance of power now would only lead to greater disaster.
Armin sighed and walked to the window to take in the view outside. Although winter had entered, the sun was still shining on the world with great power.
“… … Are you going to come out like this?”
“I can’t help it. That’s my job.”
Keira struggled to portray a calm voice. She also didn’t want to bully those who reached the ultimate in time magic as a sorceress.
However, the agreement oath is valid at the top. It was something she couldn’t decide, so she had to convince Armin by any means necessary. everything was for him
Armin nodded coldly.
“Is it your job to tangle me, to bind me, to restrain me?”
Keira put on a slightly unfortunate expression.
“okay! If you’re angry, you’d rather curse. I will accept any insult. But you can’t go anywhere until the order is given. That’s my job.”
Armin’s breathing hardened.
Feeling as if a wild beast was roaring, Keira hurriedly put her right hand into her bosom.
In a one-on-one match, Keira is at a bit of a disadvantage. But she had her believer side.
The oath of agreement held in the right hand could be invoked at any time.
“Whoa, you’re really doing too much.”
Armin let out a long sigh and ended the confrontation that seemed to dry up his blood. Then he walked over to the table and gently caressed the flowers in the vase.
A flower that was forcibly picked by someone and trapped in a glass bottle. Perhaps your situation is no different from this flower.
“Keira… … .”
Armin’s voice was melancholy. Kay also relaxed her expression and approached as if she understood his feelings.
“Armin, I’m sorry. but… … .”
“No one can hold me down.”
At that moment, Armin turned to Keira and said. Then he swung his hand and dropped the vase to the floor.
Keira’s gaze moved reflexively toward the vase.
‘Oops!’
I lost sight of Armin for a moment. By the time he realized that fact, the time force field had already been activated.
The vase that had fallen upside down stopped in the air, and Keira, unable to return her gaze, hardened like a doll.
Armin was nowhere to be seen in the frozen time.
(end of volume 11)
—————————————

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-272.txt
=============YYYYY=============
[272] 1. Hostile friendly relations (1)
The morning of the capital of Kazura was bright.
Sirone waited in the waiting room set up by the Inspection Department to take a paternity test.
It was not impossible to visit, but since it was a place that the nobles of Kazura paid attention to, no one came.
Once the paternity test is over, you can’t go back to your old life. What will your future be like?
“Whoa, I’m nervous for nothing.”
“Nothing to worry about. It’s a simple test.”
Sirone raised his head.
A tall, slim man stood there. He didn’t have a cold impression, but he was a man with an eerie sting.
A faint shudder ran through his nerves. It was the same feeling as when I first met Armin.
“No way, Unlocker?”
The man bowed politely in exchange for an answer.
“Your introduction is late. It’s called Arius. I’m in charge of His Highness Orkamp’s advisory.”
Sirone opened her eyes narrowly and set up a vigilant blade.
“What did that person come for?”
The waiting room is an enclosed space by human standards. It was never safe to be alone with a master who had infiltrated such a place without anyone knowing.
“I just want to meet you. Unlockers have something in common.”
Arius freely showed his temperament as if he understood Sirone’s feelings of trembling at the resonance.
“I have heard of Sirone-kun’s heroic story. Especially the Photon Cannon, I was impressed. Perhaps a cell controlling mass?”
Sirone’s tension rose. If the opponent was an enemy, it was not good to see his ability.
Arius raised both hands, showing no hostility.
“You don’t have to be too vigilant. It’s pure interest. You could call it a fan. For reference, let me introduce my ability… … .”
“Is it scale magic?”
“Oh, why do you think so?”
“This is a room that is blocked on all six sides. You can’t get in with only space movement magic. If you distort time and space at the same time, there is only scale magic.”
Arius readily admitted. It was also not a special secret among the wizards who worked on this floor.
“you’re right. More than half of unlockers are scale mages. Did you know this too?”
“No, I didn’t know that.”
It was the first time Sirone had heard of it. More than half of the unlockers were scale mages.
Well, in hindsight, Armin’s magic could also be called a kind of scale magic. Because time and space cannot be separated.
“It is not clear why there are so many scale mages among unlockers. I can only guess that it has something to do with Immortal Function’s tendency. In that respect, Sirone-kun’s batteries are quite unique. The ability to handle mass is extremely rare. I really envy you.”
“No, it’s not that great… … .”
Armin cut off his words by sticking his face in.
“I am stronger though.”
It was childish to say that it came from the mouth of a high-level wizard. But Arius didn’t care.
“I want to make sure of this.”
“Oh, of course.”
Sirone did not deny it. He was a skilled person hired by the king of a country, so he was a great senior to magic school students.
Then Arius tilted his head in surprise.
“what? Isn’t that too easy to admit? Too much humility is poison.”
“yes? no. I am just a student.”
“Of course, magic power is still lacking. But you never know what will happen if you cast Ataraxia, right?”
Sirone was taken aback. Ataraxia is the language of heaven. No one knew of it except for acquaintances, and even in academic journals, Killline used the term magic amplification.
‘This person has also been to heaven.’
Arius stared into Sirone’s eyes. As if he were trying to find a little fairy living inside his pupil. The corner of his mouth went up slightly after confirming that the keyword was properly imprinted.
“How do you know Ataraxia?”
“haha! Most wizards who have played on this floor for a while know. It is the organ of Archangel Ichael. Of course, it was shocking that humans could master it.”
“Then have you ever been to heaven?”
Arius nodded nonchalantly.
“Once a long time ago. But it wasn’t a particularly fun place for me. However, information is constantly being collected. Because humanity’s survival is at stake. We all owe a debt to Miro. She does, but thanks to her, she also became the greatest wizard, so wouldn’t she be unfair?”
Arius’ words came to Sirone, who only had thoughts of sacrifice for Miro’s choice.
“Is Mr. Miro the best unlocker?”
Arius smiled self-deprecatingly.
“Well, wouldn’t it? In fact, how do we know who is the best? But she did save mankind. And even now, we are staying in a different dimension that we cannot challenge. No mage born in this era will be able to overcome the maze’s stronghold. It’s unfortunate.”
Although it sounded cold, it wasn’t without reason.
Everyone should have a chance to make their dreams come true. Otherwise, this world that Miro protected with sacrifice would be as good as already dead.
“okay. But Miro-san also thinks so… … .”
“haha! Of course I know! Don’t take it too seriously. If it had not been for Orberg, the creator of turn undead magic, mankind would have been conquered by the Necromancers. It must be the physiology of magic that the first factor changes depending on the situation. Besides, there already existed the best wizard in this world that no one could surpass.”
“Are you the best wizard? Who is that?”
Sirone remembered the names of several people.
Kergos who established the theory of photonization? Ibris, the creator of the ignition magic Ignite? Perhaps it was Gloria who compiled the four-way system of the Spirit Zone.
“The greatest wizard in history… … Mackline Guffin.”
Sirone hit her knees in pity.
“ah! I knew!”
The wizard who installed the gate to heaven in Kergo Autonomous Region. I could tell from Ikael’s words how great a wizard he was.
“Who is Guffin?”
Arius scratched his head as if he was vague about answering.
“Hmm, I really don’t know. There are no records of guffins. Opinions are divided even as to whether he really existed in the world.”
“what? But the guffin… … .”
“yes. His achievements are all over the world. But all that remains are ruins. There are no historical records of real guffins. Even now, archaeologists roam the world looking for traces of guffins, but no record of any form has been found. Even folk tales.”
“How can that be?”
Sirone was puzzled.
Every human being always leaves traces of his life. It was normal for everyone in the world to know that even so-and-so without fame was enough to go down in the yard where the record came down through acquaintances.
“Whether Guffin is a real person is still a controversial issue in the academic world. Some scholars claim that he never had contact with intelligent life during his lifetime. However, there is another hypothesis that is currently in the limelight.”
The man called the greatest wizard in history evaporated without leaving any records. Sirone thought that maybe this was a great magic.
Arius raised a finger and said.
“Guffins existed in the world. But the hypothesis is that for some reason the world has forgotten him.”
When I heard those words, I had a memory that came to my mind. It was an anecdote heard from the heavenly fairy Peope.
Archangel Ichael is said to have committed an unforgivable sin. But the subjects of heaven do not know what sin it is.
It’s because Ankera erased his memory.
“Guppins definitely existed in the world, but now they are in a state of non-existence. In the academic world, this is called Guffin erasure, or reset.”
“If it’s a reset… … .”
“It is possible that Guffin simply expunged his name from the Akashic Records. But then the world must be a modified whole. But why do Guffin ruins still exist? The theory of reset suggests an answer to that. In other words, the world we experience has been initialized once at some point.”
To Sirone, who had not yet reached the depths of his intellect, Arius’ words sounded like the nonsense of a lunatic. Even so, the reason why I couldn’t change my mind was the tendency of the unlocker to fall into this kind of problem.
“There is a ‘crack field verification experiment’ as a representative evidence of guffin erasure. The total amount of time and energy in our world is subtly misaligned.”
Arius stretched out his ten fingers and pretended to hold the sphere.
“The Akashic Records as a whole are perfect. Therefore, this world cannot lose its perfection. But cracks can happen. A crack is a personality, not a deficiency. Scholars speculate that traces of Reset remain in the cracks.”
Sirone couldn’t believe it. However, if many scholars are serious about it, it was not an absurd story.
“If the reset is true, does that mean everyone in the world is living the same life a second time?”
“It will be like that. Don’t think hard. Time does not flow, it is perceived. Let’s say, for example, that humans began 10,000 years ago. Did today’s people wait 10,000 years to live today? no. They didn’t even wait a second. This is because time is recognized from the moment you are born. So, scholars cite déjà vu as evidence of reset. It feels like reliving what you’ve been through before. This is also a cognitive error caused by the brain mistaking the time before and after initialization.”
Arius raised his index finger and asked.
“Then, here is the problem. How could Macklein Guffin reset the world?”
The words automatically popped into Sirone’s head.
“Immortal Function.”
Arius nodded in satisfaction.
“That’s right. If you expand your mind endlessly, the ego dissolves. However, in any phenomenon, there is a critical point. If you can perfectly control the immortal function, you will be in such a contradictory state that it is both infinite and finite. In other words, it becomes a whole with a self.”
Arius’s explanation awakened a similar concept known to Syrone. To be whole with a self is, in other words, to have a self in everything. And the people of the world called such a being a god.
“okay. A man named Guffin… … .”
Sirone finally realized. Why is McLean Guffin the best wizard in the world that no one can surpass?
“yes. McLean Guffin… … .”
Arius said with a smile.
“He is an infinite wizard unprecedented in human history.”
It was the second time after Armin to hear that he was an infinite wizard, but the feeling of accepting it was much stronger.
At the time, I was ignorant of Immortal Function and the Akashic Records. But now, the process of how humans can claim the divine personhood has been vaguely drawn.
“I don’t know what era the Guffins are from. 100 years ago? 1,000 years ago? Maybe even before humans began. However, regarding the timing of the reset, the prevailing theory is that it was 18 years ago. As of that point, Guffin’s achievements are not appearing. Coincidentally, 18 years ago was also the year the time-space of the labyrinth was born.”
Arius talked about the possibility, but Sirone heard directly from Ikael that Miro was the successor to Guffin.
Also, if it was 18 years ago… … It was also the year he was born.
But I didn’t think deeply about it. Who is the only person who was born 18 years ago?
Arius checked his watch. With little time left for the inspection, it was time for him to focus on his original duties.
—————————————

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-273.txt
=============YYYYY=============
[273] 1. Hostile friendly relations (2)
He approached Sirone and asked for a handshake.
“I must go. I can’t be away for a long time. Sirone-kun is also an Unlocker, so knowing these things will help you work as a unique member of the magical society.”
Sirone quickly grabbed Arius’ hand.
“yes. It really helped me a lot. thank you.”
“haha! There is nothing to be thankful for. From now on, I intend to steal your Ataraxia.”
Arius smiled coldly, but Sirone couldn’t see his expression. for he was already asleep and dropping his head deeply.
High-level sleep magic cuts the target’s consciousness like a knife, making them unable to feel even the disconnection of mental waves. Even if Sirone’s consciousness was revived and clung to the memories that had been cut off, he wouldn’t feel anything strange.
“Shall we start soon?”
Arius is a scale magician who handles the mental system and uses a magic called Dive that penetrates the human mind.
Among the 12 levels of the human mind, it can penetrate anywhere except for the 12th level shell layer, which is the realm of intellect.
However, the environment inside the human mind was so dangerous that even 10 lives were not enough to dive recklessly.
So, most divers use a method of throwing a net on the surface of the water and extracting only the information they want, and keywords play a key role in that.
Arius, who unexpectedly injected keywords into Sirone to remind her of Ataraxia, turned around and warmed up before casting her dive magic.
Even now, the place where dozens of divers die a year is the human spirit, but like a magician of the 7 Magicians, he cast magic without hesitation.
“Dive. Ataraxia.”
As the breakaway spirit zone shrunk to an extreme scale, it infiltrated Sirone’s head. At the same time, Arius’ figure disappeared from the waiting room.
It wasn’t until about 5 minutes later that he reappeared. He was on his knees and his clothes were wet with sweat, like someone who had been in and out of water.
Arius caught his breath and stood up slowly. After looking at Sirone with a puzzled expression for a long time, he was about to move on when he heard the official’s voice from outside the door.
“Sirone-sama, the trial will be held in a while. Please join us.”
Arius giggled and clicked his tongue, activating the Scale Wizard’s proprietary flicker and disappearing from the waiting room.
“what?”
Sirone blinked and looked around.
I fell asleep for five minutes, but my consciousness was so neatly cut that it was like five minutes that did not exist.
In a state of consciousness that had been severed and then sealed, I could only think that Arius had suddenly disappeared while shaking hands.
‘You’re really new to it. Well, Armin-ssi was like that too.’
When there was no answer from Sirone even after a while, the official opened the door and came in.
“Sirone-sama, you have to come out now.”
“Oh, sorry. I will go now.”
Sirone followed the official into the courtroom.
The nobles of Kazura were seated in the jury, and two chairs were placed side by side under the judge’s seat.
Instead of evidence, various tools were lined up in the place where evidence was stored, and alchemists and wizards were checking them.
Sirone sat down in the chair on the right and waited for a while. Loud shouts were heard from outside the courtroom, and the door opened.
“His Highness Orkamp is coming!”
Amidst the nobles standing up and being greeted, Orkamp entered with a commanding stride.
He looked at Sirone’s condition without even paying attention to the other nobles. Arius must have already contacted him, but he did not know if he had succeeded in cloning Ataraxia.
“Let’s get started.”
Arius, who was sitting next to Sirone, gave instructions, and the judge proceeded with the examination.
The sorcerer drew blood from the two with a syringe.
The moment the needle was inserted into the king’s body, the judge’s atmosphere cooled.
After the blood was drawn to Sirone, the alchemist mixed the blood of the two species in a substance called oxtamine. When the beaker was shaken, the liquid changed from deep purple to transparent water.
The alchemist explained.
“Oxtamine-mixed blood will be kept under vacuum for three days. If the test is positive, the child is the parent, and if the test is negative, the child is not the child.”
When the alchemist handed over the blood, the judge placed it in an alchemy chest called the Caspian.
When the lid was closed, the air was released and turned into a vacuum.
It was perfect for inspections that required security because it would break if even a little air penetrated into it.
The judge raised the caspi and announced.
“This Caspian will go into the Vault and be placed in the Inner Garden. The royal guards will monitor it 24 hours a day, and any noble who has permission to enter the castle can check it at any time. However, crossing the access limit line is strictly prohibited. If a separate monitor is attached, the identity must be registered within an hour.”
Sirone nodded at the inspection department’s judgment.
If you expose the safe to an unspecified number of people, you can’t do nonsense because each other becomes each other’s watcher.
“With the above, we will finish the inspection of the first prince of Kazura Kingdom.”
The trial ended with the judge lowering the gavel.
Orkamp, like a busy man, left the courtroom without even saying that he had done a good job with Sirone.
Sirone, who knew Orkamp’s personality, didn’t care anymore. Rather, he was concerned about the fact that he hadn’t contacted Reina since last night.
As a legal representative, I know that you are hectic because you have to pay for all administrative work. And because of that, he was able to spend leisurely like Hanryang.
But isn’t that why you brought Amy? It was strange that no message had come, no matter how far away the lodgings were.
@
“Failed?”
Orkamp’s face contorted.
It was the first time I had heard it since I hired Arius. It was also something that should never have been said.
The reason he took the criticism and scouted the criminals of the black line was because he believed in his skills. But what about failure?
“sorry. I succeeded in casting the net, but I couldn’t replicate it.”
Divers bring concepts sunk in the depths of the unconscious to the surface through keywords, and this process is described as casting a net.
“What is the reason? Didn’t they say that if you just plant keywords, you will succeed unconditionally?”
“If it is a clone, it is still possible. It just doesn’t have to be.”
“Isn’t that necessary?”
Arius put on a bitter expression as he recalled the situation at the time.
“Ataraxia was encapsulated.”
“What is encapsulation? Is it a password?”
“no. Passwords are rules. Write 100 letters on a strip of paper that is 1 meter long. It is read by rolling it on a wooden block of a certain thickness and reading the letters reflected on one side. If the sentence is revealed, it is the password. So what about encapsulation? Write clear sentences on strips of paper one meter long. And then you throw it away randomly. There are no patterns, and you can’t solve them. What I actually saw was not ataraxia, but an information cloud with all sorts of information tangled like threads.”
Arius raised his index finger and continued.
“Then why is there no need to duplicate it? Keywords remind the opponent of a specific concept. For example, something like this. Apples are delicious. Then, an apology comes to your mind. But that’s the apology you think, not the perfect apology. The perfect apology is dissolved in the unconscious in a preverbal form. In the end, thoughts revealed through keywords are just shadows. Usually that’s enough, but when it’s encapsulated like this, it’s useless. If you clone an information cloud, it is just an information cloud.”
Orkamp couldn’t blame Arius. Because I understood. Also, to blame him would be to expose one’s own ignorance.
“Then what are you going to do now? We absolutely need Ataraxia.”
“First, let’s talk to Sirone. I guess I’ll have to look at Ataraxia myself to find a solution. What kind of information system is it, and what is the triggering principle? Only after that information has been gathered will I be able to speak. Of course, the door is installed so that you can go back in at any time.”
“It’s a demonstration of Ataraxia… … .”
Orkamp didn’t like Arius’ proposal.
Since Sirone is a clever child, there was a high probability that he had guessed that he had not been invited to the royal castle simply for a paternity test.
If the original purpose was brought out in such a situation, the wounds that Sirone would receive would be enormous.
If it’s to protect the kingdom, you can hear the stigma of being a mean father. However, he wanted to avoid a situation where Sirone refused to cooperate.
“Isn’t that too blatant? I’m sure you’ll doubt it.”
“Your Highness, it is a major event in which the first prince changes. The Theraze faction will also try to win within three days of the test results. If we don’t take advantage of the priority of negotiating with Sirone, the initiative will shift to Theraze.”
Orkamp pondered carefully.
Do you embrace Sirone to the end, or do you use him and throw him away? Either way, the sooner the better.
“If you’re going to do it, wouldn’t it be better to be grandiose?”
Arius responded with a cunning eye smile.
@
On her way to her parents’ quarters, Sirone stopped in the hallway on the second floor. An unknown official, the messenger of Zeon, was blocking the road. It was amazing how he found himself like a ghost in this vast castle.
“Sirone-sama, you should go with me.”
Sirone straightened her back and pulled her chin in.
I certainly wouldn’t call it fun, but avoiding it wasn’t a good option.
Rather than getting stabbed in the back of the head while running away, it was more effective to meet them in person and see how they reacted.
“Guide me.”
“It is also an excellent choice. Please follow me.”
The official took Sirone to the basement. Because it was a place where goods warehouses were concentrated, the floating population was extremely small, and the division was complicated like a maze because of frequent expansion work.
The place we arrived at was the outermost one, and there was a door that could be entered further from the wall.
It was not a room that originally existed.
“This is it. Please go in.”
Sirone pulled the doorknob without slowing down.
Contrary to the expectation that there would be a room, a square cave with a burning torch stretched out, and another door was installed 15 meters in front.
double entry door.
I don’t think I would have chosen this structure for fun, but I couldn’t come up with a convincing reason for that.
About halfway through the cave, the official slammed the door shut. It must have been to convey a message to someone.
Sirone, who had stopped in shock, took another deep breath and opened the second door.
It was an all white room.
It was all marble, not painted, and various items were displayed on the shelves along the wall.
I didn’t see anything particularly luxurious, but knowing Ji-on’s tendency, I felt uncomfortable.
Ji-on and Wu-rin were drinking tea at the table. Seeing Wu Lin relieved her a little, but she realized that even such a thought was dangerous and erased it from her mind.
“Come. what are you doing Come on in.”
Sirone couldn’t move his feet. Ji-on and Wu-rin were looking at him with mischievous eyes.
However, it was impossible to stand in front of the door all the time, so I stepped forward while being wary of all directions as much as possible.
At that moment, the floor suddenly collapsed and the body fell forward.
“Ugh! what!”
Sirone hurriedly raised his head. The floor was soft, so I wasn’t shocked, but when I heard Ji-on and Woo-rin giggling, I was embarrassed to the point that even my ears turned red.
‘What kind of floor is so soft?’
Crawling and crawling around, I touched the hard floor at a certain boundary.
“Are you okay, brother? I’m sorry for kidding you. But was it fun?”
Uorin came over and held out her hand.
Standing up holding her hand, Sirone looked back at the spot where he had fallen. There were no distinguishing features from other floors.
“What’s this?”
“It’s <mokomokoshin everywhere>.”
“Anywhere… … what?”
—————————————

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-274.txt
=============YYYYY=============
[274] 1. Hostile friendly relations (3)
Uorin scratched the floor where Sirone fell with his finger. The transparent vinyl peeled off and landed in her hand.
“braided! That’s it. Look at the floor again.”
Unlike when Sirone fell down when he tried to press it with his foot, the hardness of the marble that matched common sense came through. I tried knocking it with full weight, but it was the same as expected.
“Are you curious? With this, you can take a nap even on rocky ground. Even this is possible. Take a good look.”
Uorin walked over to the taller eagle sculpture and covered it with vinyl. Like a lie, the sculpture sank to reveal a flat floor.
She pressed down on her skirt and jumped up, smacking her butt. Her ass burrowed into her soft floor and her plump bouncing.
Her actions were childish, but Sirone looked at her seriously. I couldn’t figure out what could be causing this to happen.
It’s not science. It wasn’t even magic.
Sirone looked around seriously. I finally realized why the items in the room were not luxurious. This was the place where the most expensive things in the world were gathered.
Uorin smiled and said.
“that’s right. This is a place to collect objects.”
I expected it, but when I heard the words that came out of my mouth, I was in a realistic shock.
It reminded me of the objects on the surface that belonged to Mara Baalb in heaven.
I shuddered at the bizarreness at the time, but the shock now was on a different level.
‘You mean everything here is an object?’
Tableware is in the kitchen, books are in the library, etc. Arrangement is determined according to the function of the object. However, the items here were not arranged in random order, and there was no consistency in the order in which they were displayed.
At a rough count, there were about 50 or more objects on display. It was possible because the Theraze family ruled the continent.
While Sirone was lost, Ji-on approached. In his hand was the Spirit Journal.
The reaction was predictably cynical. He raised the corner of his mouth as if it were not the same, and said while holding a magazine.
“A genius wannabe wizard?”
Sirone didn’t even want to reply.
“Of course magic is a great power. I admit it. But, isn’t that kind of ability nothing compared to an object? The annual salary of a 3rd class archmage working in Kazura Castle is about 30 million gold. How many archmages can I hire if I sell one of these items?”
“What do you want to say?”
“No matter how brilliant a wizard is, in the end, it’s just a dog of the royal family. A ruler’s talent is not determined by magic.”
Zion held the spirit magazine at eye level with Sirone and dropped it. And he went back past Cirone, stomping through magazines as if he didn’t know anything.
“It would be nice, since I can become the first prince in three days. how is it? Do you feel like a king already?”
Now that the paternity test is over, it is clear that the nobles’ quarrel will become more heated. In such a situation, it was natural for Jion, the core of power, to check Sirone’s psychological state.
“I should have said that, right? I’m not interested. When the results come out, I will go home.”
“Huh, I guess so.”
Zion didn’t believe it.
Who in the world would refuse the king’s seat? Even if there is such a person, it is because he has not yet tasted the sweetness of power.
Power guarantees all kinds of pleasures that human beings crave.
Once he becomes the first prince, no matter how much character development Sirone is, her thoughts will inevitably change.
“There is no use in pretending to be aloof. Because this is the kingdom Especially for me, that trick doesn’t work.”
Ji-on snatched <Mokomokoshin Anywhere> from Urin and threw it on the floor.
“With one toy like this, I could buy the whole magic school you attend. In an instant, I will become your teacher. Your master will have to crawl between my crotches. But what? Not interested in the throne? Do you think I would believe that?”
Sirone realized that Jion is an extremely materialistic person. The reason he went to school was to gain the intangible value contained in them, not the visible things.
I’ve heard that <Mokomoko Everywhere> is played on a scale of 100 million, but just looking at it as a child’s toy, it was the same.
The ability of an object to break common sense could be worth as much as it was used.
For example, what if the safe containing the ‘spirit’s essence’ was concealed?
No matter how expensive the object is, it is not even worth bread compared to the essence of the spirits, which are only 17 in the world (fire 2, water 3, wind 5, earth 7).
Once equipped, it is said that its value exceeds the budget of a small kingdom because it can cast magic of that attribute as well as block 100% of magic of the same attribute.
After all, there are many people in the world who absolutely need it, and they will spare no expense to get what they want.
Theraje’s family could have bought it for fun, but it was just Zeon’s misunderstanding to think that the object was expensive simply out of a collector’s desire.
“I think it would be better to transfer <Mokomoko Anywhere> to someone else. No matter how good a book is, it is of no use to someone who uses it as a pot stand.”
“haha! That’s the privilege of royalty. good book? Even gold will be used as a pot stand.”
Sirone gritted his teeth and swallowed his anger. Since they were different from each other, they couldn’t agree on even the smallest things.
“it’s okay. I’ll go back when I’m done talking.”
Staying longer would only hurt my feelings, so I headed for the door, but Uorin ran up to me and pulled me by the sleeve.
“wait for a sec! I also have business with Shirone oppa. I have something I want to show you. Come this way.”
Shirone couldn’t firmly refuse if it was Uorin.
First of all, he was a conversation partner, and there were times when he supported himself among the arrogant royals. Above all, she was the daughter of Theraje, who had great power.
“Quickly, quickly. Come this way.”
When Sirone was taken away by Uorin, Ji-on laughed at him, but in reality his situation was not much different.
When Uorin said that she had business to do, she didn’t say anything and just followed her younger sister.
After sitting Shirone at the table, Uorin brought a small box.
It was a structure with a shabby rectangular wooden frame and a hemispherical interior. In the center, there was an arrow-shaped pointer with finger stains on it.
“This is an objet called <Everyday Gift>. I leave a present once a day.”
It is an easy word that even a child can understand, but Sirone felt that something essential was missing, as if there was no subject or object.
“Huh, isn’t it weird? At first everything is like that. Objects are objects that fall outside common sense, so there are many cases where it doesn’t make sense when you come across <Guidelines>.”
“That’s right. The weirdest thing is to leave it behind. who the hell It’s just a thing.”
“The <Guideline> has two meanings. First of all, gravity is required for <Leaving> to be established. Also, <going> is but not <coming>. Therefore, there must be a space that cannot be observed from inside or outside.”
Sirone realized why the entrance door here has a double structure.
It needed a third place where people would not pass by either inside or outside.
“<Gravity> and <No Observer>. If these two conditions are met, a gift is given once a day. If you look closely at the roulette here, it is divided into four colors, right?”
Sirone turned her gaze to the direction Uorin had pointed to.
It may have been quite old, but the paint had peeled off, but the brightness was different. The size of the area was different, and the letters were engraved on the inside. It was difficult to see because it was blurry, but it was clear that it was not the language of Tormia.
Uorin explained the four areas one by one.
“The letters written here are the language of the Gypsies of the Eastern Mountains. In translation, it is a simple gift, a gift that feels good, an excessive gift, and a miracle. As a result of measuring radian values, modest gifts account for approximately 75 percent, feel-good gifts for 20 percent, excessive gifts for 4 percent, and miracles for 1 percent.”
“Hmm… … .”
The fact that 75% of simple gifts are present means that the difference in gifts is quite high. I was looking forward to the excessive gift of 4% probability, but I was more curious about what the miracle was.
Since it can only be turned once a day, a simple calculation would take a miracle within 100 days. However, given the concept of probability, it could have taken much longer than that.
Sirone carefully pointed to the roulette pointer, lest it even touch her fingertips.
“Can I turn this arrow?”
“yes. That’s why I waited for my brother to come.”
“huh? me?”
“Take a look. I will give the gift from here to my brother.”
Sirone blinked at the unexpected words.
If he had as much wealth as Woo-rin, even the best gift would not attract him, but he wasn’t the type to readily yield to others unless he knew what was going to happen.
“Probability… … .”
In any case, it was an opportunity to directly experience the object.
Sirone also didn’t have any particular desire for presents. However, I was very curious about what kind of gift would come out.
Perhaps that is the value of this objet?
The excitement you feel while imagining a present.
In that sense, <Every Day Gift> was a play tool that understood human psychology very well. Unlike other gambling, there is no failure.
“At least a simple gift is guaranteed. Then can I try it?”
“Sure. That’s what I do every day.”
Uorin readily agreed and added an explanation.
“All you have to do is flick the tip of the indicator with your finger. As a result of the experiment, it was judged invalid if it did not rotate more than 10 times. That doesn’t mean you’re deprived of a day’s opportunity, so there’s no need to be nervous.”
“Oh, that’s right.”
Sirone’s eyes lit up with interest.
Why must it go more than ten laps? This is because if there is no limit on the number of revolutions, you can hit the whistle just by gently pushing the indicator.
‘It’s really strange. Even though it’s an object, there are rules at stake, like eating out.’
At that moment, a good idea popped into my head.
“This, maybe I can keep getting miracles.”
Then, Uorin’s eyes lit up like Sirone’s.
An eye to analyze an object from multiple angles is a prerequisite for an objet collector. In that sense, Sirone had the temperament of a collector.
“As expected, it’s different because it’s a wizard. You can adjust your senses and turn exactly 3,600 degrees, right?”
“that’s right. Or hire a professional gambler. If you feel the sensitivity of the roulette and adjust the power, you can always pay the same price.”
“Good idea. But unfortunately it’s impossible. I’ve already done it. I think the position is probably determined through a specific random number conversion when the roulette wheel is turned.”
“Hmm, doesn’t that mean <Everyday Gift> is manipulating the probabilities? The fact that the miracle is 1% may be a lie. Wouldn’t that be a fair gamble?”
If it is an object that gambles, at least the probability must be fair. Otherwise, there would be no need to have an interface to experiment with probabilities in the first place.
Uorin felt a strong sense of kinship with Sirone.
In fact, she had several other people play roulette besides Sirone. But she was mostly preoccupied with the gift she would receive rather than being fascinated by the nature of her object.
There were times when I saw him praying for an expensive gift to come out in front of the roulette wheel, and he got annoyed and left.
It is said that an object collector needs two things, one is an interesting object and the other is an audience who appreciates the object.
Zion sometimes finds decent objects, but he’s really bad at it.
—————————————

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-275.txt
=============YYYYY=============
[275] 1. Hostile Friendly Relations (4)
But Sirone was different.
In her opinion, <Everyday Gift> is meaningful in that you can feel the anticipation of the gift every day rather than the material value.
In that sense, Sirone’s propensity to explore objects had something in common with himself when he first obtained <Everyday Gift>.
“that’s right. That’s why I once invited a master of schema. He was a world-class professional gambler, although he cannot be named. I hit 10 times with the same force for 10 days, but the results were different each time. But I still see it as valid as a gamble.”
“why? Did you find any other characteristics?”
Ji-on couldn’t bear the boredom and yawned.
Of course, he knows that it is important to grasp the <guidelines> of an object.
However, such headaches can only be done by the lower ones. The royal family simply buys objects and enjoys them.
Either way, Uorin’s gaze was focused only on Sirone.
“It is because of the statistics. It’s been exactly 1,003 days since I got my hands on this roulette. In other words, 1,002 times except today. Among them, miracles came out twice. 823 simple gifts, 171 pleasant gifts, and 6 excessive gifts.”
Sirone understood what Uorin was trying to say.
“Aha, probability and statistics roughly match. If so, the variable should be considered fair. Maybe that variable is something that humans can’t control… … ?”
Uorin pointed at Sirone and shouted.
“Exactly! The fact that statistics follow probability means that there is no trick. Therefore, this objet still has value as a tool for gambling.”
Sirone rested her chin on her chin and was lost in thought.
Statistically speaking, fair rules exist. But even the world’s best gamblers couldn’t pay the same. Then, in the end, it was said that it is a variable that activates in an area that humans cannot control.
“Is it an extremely sensitive sensor, or is it uncontrollable with muscle strength?”
“yes. That’s what experts say too. They said it would be an error at the quantum level.”
It’s the quantum level.
Certainly, it was impossible to control the weight of electrons, which are lighter than atoms, with muscle power. In the end, it means that although it looks childish, it is an extremely precise object.
Sirone inspected <Everyday Gift> more closely than before.
From the outside, it just looked like an old antique. Crude wooden case. A miniature clown was smiling and childish pictures were drawn on the hemispherical surface.
Suddenly, I thought of the children in the gypsy village having fun playing roulette. Normally, it would be a heartwarming sight, but now I felt a bit creepy.
“If a miracle comes out, what kind of gift will you give?”
Wu Lin’s face hardened coldly.
“I can’t tell you that.”
Sirone stared blankly at her. Then she came back with a cute expression, sticking out her tongue as if she had never done that.
“Hehe, just kidding. It’s no fun if you tell me in advance. Ah, come back now.”
“Um, is that so?”
Sirone also stopped analyzing and prepared to go into battle.
I try to snap my fingers, but it is impossible to control with human power anyway.
Just leave everything to luck. Towards a childish future where only pleasure awaits.
“Then let’s begin.”
Sirone put her finger on the tip of the indicator and flicked it.
tyrriri. The arrow turned with a sound that could only be heard from a toy.
Uorin looked up at him with his eyes shining. Just this time, Zion seemed to be interested as well, so he crossed her arms and fixed her eyes on her roulette wheel.
When the indicator stopped, Uorin hit the table and stood up.
“wow! It is an excessive gift! This is a 4 percent chance!”
Sirone was so nervous that she couldn’t even feel the joy of winning at such a low probability.
The roulette ran exactly according to <guidelines>. What will happen now?
smart!
Sirone turned to the door at the sound of a knock. But no matter how long he waited, he couldn’t feel any more presence.
“come! Brother, get out quickly!”
Sirone walked quickly to the door. On the other hand, it took quite a long time to prepare the mind before opening the door.
As I pulled the doorknob, I saw a landscape of torches burning in a square cave.
Not even pretending to be popular, not a single fly flew around.
Sirone remembered <Gravity> and looked at the floor. There was a gift box decorated with a red ribbon.
A shudder ran down my spine when I saw the gift that appeared all at once.
This is an enclosed space. I didn’t even hear the first door open. So, who the hell knocked?
“Brother, show me quickly. I mean, I’m curious.”
At Uorin’s urging, Sirone took the gift and set it down on the table with a feeling of embarrassment.
Ji-on and Woo-rin pulled their necks out like turtles and examined them.
“It’s your brother’s, so let him solve it.”
When I pulled the red ribbon, the square bundle came loose by itself.
It was a romantic sight, but Sirone handled the gift with care, like an explosive.
“huh? What is this?”
The gift box contained a porcelain doll.
It was a three-headed girl with black hair that reached her ankles. Eyelashes were long, and jeweled pupils looked like real human eyes.
It wasn’t a particularly grotesque form, but Sirone felt disgust to the point that he didn’t even want to touch it.
It is said that the point where humans feel the most fear is the middle point between the unfamiliar and the familiar.
It was the same with porcelain dolls.
The proportions are messy and lifeless, but the hair, eyelashes, and eyes are the same as those of humans, which instills fear in the viewer.
Uorin, on the other hand, opened her eyes wide and showed interest.
“Oh, this?”
Unknowingly, Uorin, who had lost her hand to the doll, hesitated and looked at Sirone. She may feel burdened if you show interest even after you promise to give her a gift.
Sirone readily yielded. He honestly hated even looking at him.
“are you okay. I don’t know what it is, so take a look.”
Uorin carefully took out the doll, fearing that the surface might be cracked.
Ji-on followed it with his eyes.
He had no knowledge of dolls, but he couldn’t help but know that. It was her sister’s main collection, which she herself had sought out and saved.
“It’s El Crouch’s non-jointed jointed doll.”
“huh? El Crouch?”
Uorin pointed the doll at the ceiling light and looked inside the porcelain face. As expected, it was genuine with no traces of jointing.
Confident, she said belatedly.
“El Crouch is a doll maker. It is famous for not using glue. Only twelve items of Crouch’s belongings have been released, but they all have owners. I also own four points. In short, this is an unpublished work. If we put it up for auction, we will start with at least 100 million gold.”
“what? 100 million gold?”
Sirone’s eyes widened.
The cost of living for a commoner family in the Kingdom of Tormia for a year was approximately 100 gold. Furthermore, the poor Sirone’s house had to spend a year with 50 gold before entering the Ogent family’s butler.
Even compared to the income of a wizard, not a commoner, it was a huge amount.
The average annual salary of a wizard who has just entered the profession is about 4,000 gold, and even a certified 6th grade wizard does not exceed 200,000 gold. In short, it was money that Shiina-sensei had to work hard for 500 years to collect.
From the 5th grade or higher, which is classified as a middle class, the annual salary varies widely depending on the skill, but considering that the annual salary of a 3rd grade great wizard in the capital of Kazra was about 30 million, 100 million was an amount that would make any noble look different.
‘Wait, come to think of it… … .’
The amount didn’t matter. How could an El Crouch memento be selected as a gift?
If it is the work of an artist, it is definitely an object that exists in the world. If you don’t give a gift after preparing it in advance, it can be said that you moved objects in a certain space in an instant.
“… … How is this possible?”
“It is an object. Excessive gifts judge the value of scarcity. Once, a deep-sea fish that looked like a human face arrived. but died right away There is no guarantee that excessive gifts are necessarily expensive. In that respect, El Crouch’s dolls are a great material advantage. I might sell this.”
Uorin looked at Sirone.
“Hey, that’s what I mean… … .”
Sirone could guess without hearing.
He said he had already collected four dolls. She was ugly to others, but if you were a maniac, she couldn’t be more lovable.
“Take it if you want it. This much can be given as a gift.”
“yes? Oh no! Until you need to! I was just going to buy this for 100 million. But I thought my brother would hate this kind of deal… … .”
He seemed to remember that on the first day he was invited to the royal castle, he lost his temper when Eliza offered to buy a castle for Sirone’s parents.
“haha! that’s right. I don’t need money. You can just take it. Objects are yours anyway.”
If it was 100 million gold, it was a waste of money even for Sirone.
However, if the subject of concession was Kazura’s supreme power, Uorin, it was worth giving up. No matter how good money is, it won’t be more expensive than your life.
As expected, Ji-on distorted his face.
How would you go about owing a debt to your brother and your rival for the throne? No matter how immature he is, this time his thoughts were too short.
‘No, is it really so?’
Suddenly, an ominous thought flashed through Ji-on’s mind.
Uorin is a younger sister who follows her brother’s words. Although she is Thera’s direct successor, she has never disrespected herself.
But today was a little strange.
It was Uorin who decided where to meet Shirone.
Of course, she likes to show off her objects, so her choice of the gallery is understandable. But out of all the many objects, why was it <Everyday Gift>?
‘Because it is the most probabilistic object… … .’
If Sirone were caught on a modest gift of 75 percent, there would be no problem.
But the result is an excessive gift of 4 percent.
In addition, the gift was a porcelain doll of El Crouch, which Uorin cherished so much.
‘Uorin is not an idiot who owes anyone anything. Maybe he was testing the odds on Sirone? If so, she is weighing me and you with poetry… … .’
Just imagining it made my throat burn.
Delusion. It’s a mere coincidence. You should think so.
When Sirone wins even with a 4% chance, what does it mean that it is not a coincidence that Uorin chooses <Everyday Gift>?
Besides, she is the daughter of Theraze. Even if you pretend not to know, you will not be without the ambition of the king. Even if Sirone liked her, she wasn’t enough of an empty-headed child for her to betray her biological brother, who held Kazura’s power.
“Ah, it’s really pretty. Thank you, sirone brother.”
As Sirone looked at Uorin, who was happy hugging the porcelain doll, she understood why her older brothers cared for their little sister.
But the happy smile soon turned to worry. No matter how much I thought about it, the object was not a normal object.
“Uorin, you better not play this roulette from now on.”
“huh? Why?”
Sirone looked at the <Everyday Gift> uncomfortably.
“It makes no sense. No magic can violate the principle of equivalent exchange. Even eating out of the rules is a kind of mental equivalent exchange. On the other hand, objects are so bizarre. If you keep getting gifts this way, you might end up paying the price someday.”
Uorin blinked for a moment and carefully placed the porcelain doll in the box. She then sat down in her seat, propped her chin on her chin, and flicked the indicator of the <Everyday Gift>, which had no effect.
“Hmm, I know what you mean. But nothing in the world is 100 percent safe if you put it that way. For example, there are more deaths from kitchen knives than objects.”
“But there are fewer users of objects than kitchen knives. There’s a difference between 1 in 10 dying and 10 out of 100 dying. You can’t just measure it by numbers. Besides, I heard that there are definitely people who die as objects, right?”
Uorin held out the <Everyday Gift> to Sirone.
“It was 240 years ago that this object first appeared in the world. And some of the people who owned these things actually died a miserable death.”
—————————————

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-276.txt
=============YYYYY=============
[276] 1. Hostile friendly relations (5)
“Equivalent exchange of good fortune and unhappiness?”
“no. It’s not an object’s problem, it’s a human problem. The first owner of <Everyday Gift> was a shoemaker living in the lower class. I probably made a lot of money. But he couldn’t overcome the compulsion. The day when he got caught in a simple gift became extremely depressing. That was 75 out of 100 days. Eventually, he developed a mental illness and went crazy after playing roulette all day.”
It was a phenomenon that occurs when humans fall into probabilities.
In fact, people who are addicted to gambling and go down to the finish line do not gamble to make money. All they wanted was the pleasure of winning a battle of odds, and money was just a tool to get it.
“After so many years, <Everyday Gift> passed into the hands of a certain nobleman. It’s not like you’re the kind of person who only looks at roulette because they don’t have enough money. But one day, by a miracle, I won. and… … .”
“and?”
Uorin pursed her lips, imagining the situation at the time.
“The family is ruined.”
“Damned? why?”
“If you get caught in a miracle, give me an object. The object the noble received is a small stone called <Nemesis>, and when it comes in contact with it, the user’s imagination becomes a reality within a radius of 20 meters. The noble who obtained <Nemesis> was absorbed in his imagination every day. You know my brother. That’s why, human desire… … .”
Uorin wiggled her index finger and clicked her tongue, perhaps embarrassed to say it.
Sirone immediately understood. He also didn’t think it was necessarily bad.
All human beings live with desires, and balance with reality is achieved through imagination.
The problem was when that imagination became a reality.
“Anyway, that’s how it got ruined. And <Nemesis> left to find a new owner. It is still very popular among fans. But I don’t think I can last long. In some cases, they returned to the auction house after a month. Of course, it is true that objects are dangerous. But that’s a human problem, not an objet problem. In fact, most of the owners of <Every Day Gift> lived a comfortable life.”
If so, Sirone has nothing to say. But the feeling got worse.
If it’s not particularly dangerous, what is an object? Why is this stuff going around the world?
Sirone turned her attention to <Everyday Gift>.
For an object to give birth to an object was like a goose laying golden eggs from the collector’s point of view.
But at the same time, I thought it was terribly destructive. If there was no limit to the production of objects, the world would perish someday, if not immediately.
When I confided my thoughts, Uorin also agreed to some parts.
“There is a possibility. Although not in our generation. But it will be fine. Even if it is an object, its durability is not as strong as other objects. It is bound to break down over time. Among the items that have been miraculously discovered so far, the most dangerous is <Nemesis>. At the Curia auction, <Nemesis> is classified as A grade. <Everyday Gift> is also grade A. I guess I can’t give you a gift that’s higher than the grade.”
Curia is a world-class auction company, and I had heard about it from Nade before.
However, Sirone paid more attention to other words than that.
<Everyday Gift> cannot give you a gift higher than your level. At first glance, it seemed plausible, but it made no sense.
“How is that possible? The rating is determined by the auction company, but there is no way the object knows the standard. Could it be a coincidence? Even after 240 years, the frequency of miracles is low. It is also true that there is not enough data to make statistics when considering the probability of an A grade.”
“It could be, but… … .”
Uorin didn’t confirm or deny it, and spoke in a vague manner. Sirone’s idea is certainly common sense, but when you own more than 40 objects personally, you will inevitably gain new information that is not accessible to the general public.
One of them was a VIP membership card issued by the Curia auction company. On the back of the card, there are warnings written, and if you look there, you can see this phrase written in paragraph 1.
<Documents>Objects are not guaranteed to be 100% safe for users.
Members look at paragraph 1 and ask the curator for an explanation. Then, the curator gives a few examples to guess the origin of the object, and if you listen to the stories, you can see that the warning in paragraph 1 is not just a threatening phrase.
But Uorin kept quiet about this.
Curia’s VIP membership is not something you can join just because you have a lot of money. There must be an allyship consciousness toward the object.
Abusing privileges to non-VIP members was an act of devaluing the object itself.
However, Terase’s pride would not allow her to stop playing, so Uorin gave Sirone a chance to realize herself.
“Come this way. I will also show you other objects.”
Uorin guided Sirone to the ledge. The first thing I introduced was a magnifying glass that could be obtained anywhere.
“This is an object called <Only Once!>. It shows a person’s bare skin.”
“You mean through clothes?”
“yes. But it only works within a distance of five centimeters.”
Uorin shook her head and illuminated Sirone’s lower body.
Even though she had already listened to <Guidelines>, Sirone crossed her legs involuntarily. Wu Lin stuck out her tongue and handed her a magnifying glass.
“Hehe, oppa, try it.”
Sirone illuminated her arm with a magnifying glass.
At first, the fabric was only magnified, but when brought closer, bare skin was revealed.
“that’s interesting. But if it’s like this, I’d rather see it openly.”
“that’s right! If you spy on a woman, you’ll be caught right away. Isn’t that why <once only!>?”
“haha! Maybe. But depending on how you write this, it will be useful. I think the armor will also be clairvoyant, so I can use it for inspection.”
Sirone returned <Only once!>.
“What principle? clairvoyance.”
“I haven’t checked yet. The ability of an object does not necessarily follow the function of the object, so it could be the ability of the handle or frame. In fact, it is not a high-grade object. I bought it by chance, but I just keep it to match the number.”
Even in Sirone’s opinion, it seemed inferior to <Everyday Gift>.
The next object Wu Lin introduced was a bookshelf. The works of famous scholars were tightly packed.
“This belongs to Ji-on. It is an object called <Philosopher>. If you put a book on this bookshelf, the contents come into your mind even if you don’t read the book. With Kazura typesetting, you can put about one hundred and twenty-four books. However, keep in mind that if you remove the book from the bookshelf, the memory will also disappear.”
Sirone was bewildered. It was a shock of a different kind from <Everyday Gift> that the content of the book came into my head just by putting it in.
“How can a bookshelf connect to a person’s head?”
“Well, that is surprisingly simple. Some of the objects tend to belong to the user. This is called the <Contract Ceremony> in the auction. In a word, <The Philosopher> is an object of <Contract Ceremony> and is in a state of belonging to Ji-on oppa. This is a B grade by Curia auction standards.”
Sirone looked at <The Philosopher> with rapture.
I don’t know about other things, but I really wanted this <Philosopher>. I seemed to know a little bit why collectors fall for objet.
Woorin introduced me to several other objects, and when I put on a headband called <Beauty>, I could exercise for an hour while losing consciousness.
It is possible to lose weight without difficulty, but there are many times when I make ugly movements, so the <guideline> was to lock the door as much as possible.
There was also an objet called <Soulless Massage>. It was a pair of red and blue stones, which, when held in both hands, contracted the painful area and relieved the muscles.
When Sirone tried it himself, it was quite cool. Arms, legs, shoulders, ankles, and soles were massaged at the same time, and I felt so good that I lost my mind. Even though I didn’t feel the warmth of people, the effect was the best.
‘So it’s <soulless massage>? This is probably D-class.’
Thinking that far, Sirone’s eyes widened.
The name of the object you have encountered so far. In addition, it is a grade that even an outsider can judge. These two facts were telling the secret of the object.
‘I see. Objects… … .’
<Everyday Gift> does not give objects higher than grade A. However, for that <guideline> to hold, one of two hypotheses must be followed.
Either the object knows the criteria of the auction company, or the object itself has a fixed value.
The answer was the latter.
Objects have their own value from the moment they are born. This is because all functions are directly related to human desire.
The fact that the purpose was too clear to be regarded as a naturally occurring object meant that it was an artificial product of an intelligent being.
The desire to be pretty, the desire to gain knowledge, the desire to receive gifts every day, the desire to make your imagination a reality.
In that sense, <Nemesis>, which fulfills the highest level of desire, deserves an A-class rating no matter what anyone says.
‘Then what is S-class?’
Turning around the saying that <Everyday Gift> doesn’t give more than an A grade, it means that an S grade exists.
Even Sirone thought it was highly likely. This is because humans have animalistic desires, but also higher-level aspirations.
If <Nemesis>, the highest peak of animal desire, is A-class, S-class is likely to be an object containing rational aspirations.
‘Whoops. He seems to have caught on a little bit.’
As Sirone thought for a long time, Uorin smiled happily. It is to collect objects with this taste.
On the other hand, Ji-on’s insides burned.
It was the first time Wu Lin had held anyone in the gallery for so long other than a VIP member of a Curia auction.
‘That child dares… … .’
To Ji-on, Urin was more than a sister. Because it is the most powerful weapon he has. More than royal blood runs through his own veins.
‘Why? What is that illegitimate child talking about?’
Unaware of Zeon’s seething emotions, Sirone quickly looked at other items.
Now that I look at it, it was a tremendous resource. Most of the objects lined up along the shelf were of C or B grade, but occasionally A grade was also noticeable.
It was a luxury that even the king of a country could not afford. It was possible to guess how powerful Uorin, the direct descendant of Theraze, was.
After examining all the eastern ledges, Sirone turned her gaze to the north. However, the place was bleak and empty, with only one sword on display.
“huh? Uorin, what is that sword?”
“It’s <Demon Sword Armand>. It’s Ji-on oppa’s favorite object.”
It is the most precious thing for Jion, who regards even gold as insignificant. It wasn’t particularly flashy for something like that.
There were no treasures of five colors attached to it, and there was not even a scabbard. But, strangely enough, there was a feeling that fascinated people. There seemed to be a subtle design difference that could not be distinguished by the senses of the general public.
However, that evaluation disappeared the moment I saw the jewel embedded in the center of the handle. The presence was so overwhelming that it was impossible to look away.
As if Armand was calling her, her feet moved spontaneously. When she came to her senses, he had already reached the north wall.
The moment I slowly reached out my hand and tried to grasp the handle of the sword, Zion shouted.
“That’s mine! Don’t touch it.”
Even after Sirone backed away in surprise, Ji-on’s distorted expression showed no signs of improving.
<Demon Sword Armand> is a <contract ceremony> object that belongs to the user. But its presence is so strong that it sometimes reaches out to other users.
The exact <guidelines> for the criteria for selecting users have not yet been revealed, but the fact that they seduced others in the presence of the owner was unpleasant in itself.
Sirone came to his senses and asked Ji-on.
“Oh, I’m sorry. stop without me knowing But is this S-class?”
“You know what? On the subject of not being able to live even in the middle of the day. Get off my sword quickly. Where does an illegitimate child flirt with luxury goods of the royal family?”
Sirone frowned and turned around. No matter how <Demonic Sword Armand> was an S-class object, I didn’t have enough pride to pay attention to it even after hearing this.
Ji-on, who watched the scene, changed his mind. Wouldn’t that be a good thing? It would be good to take this opportunity to show the gap between the royal family and mountaineers.
—————————————

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-277.txt
=============YYYYY=============
[277] 1. Hostile friendly relations (6)
“good. If you’re really curious, I’ll introduce you specially.”
“No, I don’t… … .”
Before Sirone could finish his words, Zion held out his hand to the sword.
“Come on, Armand.”
A clear sound of metal spread through the room.
The moment Sirone turned to Armand, the sword that rose by itself was sucked into Ji-on’s hand.
Sirone, who twisted her body again following the movement of the sword, hurriedly stopped moving. Suddenly, a knife was lodged in his throat. The cold metal vibrates, and a high frequency roars through my ears.
Uorin, whose hobby was interrupted, struggled.
“brother! Why are you doing this all of a sudden?”
“You stay still.”
This time, Zion couldn’t yield either.
When I glared at Sirone, my lips naturally twisted. Even when the blade entered his throat, his unafraid eyes made him mad with annoyance.
“what’s the matter? I was suddenly speechless. Do you think I will kill you?”
Sirone was alert to the vibration she felt under her chin.
The Spirit Zone had already entered. The nature of Armand, transmitted through synesthesia, was truly bizarre.
Is this really a sword or is it a creature?
“Why no answer? A genius wizard?”
It was a petty remark to spit out after a surprise attack.
Of course, Sirone had the confidence to deploy teleportation faster than Zeon’s reaction speed. However, he did not guarantee that he would be able to dodge the magic sword flying through the air.
Taking Sirone’s silence as approval of defeat, Jion burst into laughter and withdrew his sword.
“ha ha ha! can’t you too? My guess was correct. Articles in magazines are all exaggerated. At best, what is the best talent for a student subject… … .”
Uorin put her hand on her waist and said with a voluptuous expression.
“Brother, you are too harsh.”
Zion didn’t even listen and threw Armand away.
The demonic sword emitting cold light swiftly and stealthily flew back to its original position and stood up.
Sirone realized belatedly that there was no pedestal to support the sword from the start.
“You know why I don’t kill you? because it’s not worth it Even if it’s not me, there are many people who hate you in the castle. Maybe you felt I mean this morning.”
Sirone did not understand what Zion said. In the morning, I was busy with paternity tests, and other than that, there was nothing unusual.
If I had to pick one, would it be that I couldn’t get in touch with Reina?
However, if something happened there, it would have been normal if rumors had already spread in the capital.
“What are you talking about? What about this morning?”
Then, this time, Ji-on tilted his head.
Even though he was unlucky, he knew better than anyone that Sirone was not stupid.
In the end, it was said that Reina, the legal representative, blocked the information going to Sirone in advance.
‘Hmm, you’re not a normal bet either.’
I took it easy because she said she wasn’t a family head, but she was a woman who was more resourceful than expected. She does, but that’s why she must have been from the Ogent family.
In any case, it was clear that she did not want the events of the night to come to the surface.
It was a bad decision, but it was an excellent decision.
“Heh, now that I see you, you are such a pitiful bastard. After all, even your allies don’t trust you. You’re the only one in the castle who doesn’t know what happened last night.”
Sirone cried and said as if questioning.
“So you ask what happened?”
If you listen to what Ji-on said, it was that Reina knew about it. How could she not know what she knows?
It will not be an out-of-power notice. However, I had no idea what the circumstances were that even Amy couldn’t let go.
“it’s okay. I will go and ask myself.”
Thinking that Ji-on couldn’t hear her, Sirone walked to the door, but Uorin, who had been listening until now, opened her mouth.
“If I go, I probably won’t be able to meet you. I heard you moved houses last night.”
Shirone looked back at Uorin while holding the doorknob.
This was also the first time I had heard of it. What the hell is going on around you?
“You moved? Where?”
“I didn’t hear that either. My brother’s legal representative added a non-disclosure clause at dawn. Perhaps you can find out when you go to the audience room.”
It was said to go directly to the highest power and ask.
Besides, it’s a non-disclosure clause. It was not a powerful diplomatic tool, but it was an aggressive response from Reina, who was relatively weak.
Sensing that the situation was not serious for the first time, Sirone left the gallery without looking back.
@
An awkward silence fell in the gallery where Sirone left.
Ji-on glanced at Uorin. She was just absorbed in drinking her tea, whether or not she was aware of the tsarist atmosphere that pervaded the space. As it is, even if an hour passes, she won’t even raise an eyebrow. Her sister was such a woman.
“Whose side are you on?”
“What are you talking about all of a sudden? Are you on the side?”
Uorin asked with an innocent expression.
Ji-on finally exploded in anger.
“Why are you being nice to Sirone? That bastard is my enemy! An enemy who wants to steal the throne! Then of course you have to help me!”
Uorin was burdened by the blatant request.
“Why is my brother like this? We’ve never had a conversation like this before. Could it be that you wished for that and were good to me? Because I’m Theraze’s daughter?”
“No, it’s not like that… … .”
Zion’s face heated up.
People in the world wouldn’t know how humiliating it was to hear something like this from my little sister.
In fact, she helps just by being there.
As long as you hold out your business card that you are Uorin’s older brother, any aristocrat will spare no support. He was the one who had eliminated countless enemies with his mighty firepower.
Perhaps Uorin knew. And yet, he never once said anything about it.
So good. But I never thought it would come back like this like a boomerang and stamp on my back.
‘Sheesh! It’s going to come out like this, right?’
Ji-on turned around with a sad heart and blew his nose vigorously.
In an atmosphere where it seemed like she would never speak to her again, Wu-rin sighed and patted her pouting brother on the back.
“Oh, yes. okay. Can’t you think of me? It’s just that it’s awkward for us to talk like this. This is one of the reasons why the royal family is divided. After all, there is no one to threaten my brother here. What are you so afraid of?”
Zion also suddenly had a question.
What the hell are you afraid of?
Sirone is just an illegitimate child with no connections or foundation. The only thing to be put forward is the reputation of the insignificant wizarding society. Archangel’s ability? This was a royal castle teeming with archmages.
“okay. I was narrow-minded. Sorry.”
Zeon immediately changed his stance. It felt good that her sister cared about her feelings.
Uorin said a few more things that Jion wanted to hear before returning to her seat.
Unlike Ji-on, whose mouth was stuck in her ears, she stopped pouring tea as if she was tired and exhaled a long breath toward the ceiling.
‘Whoa, anyway, men.’
2. The alternative trap (1)
Sirone went to the administration office and requested an audience.
Permission was issued in 10 minutes. The work was done so quickly that I wondered if there had been an order.
Upon arriving at the audience room, the Royal Guard opened the door. Orkamp, dressed in clothes, was waiting.
“I was just about to call. Come this way.”
Sirone sat across from Orkamp.
I was trying to figure out where to start, but Orkamp answered before I even got to the question.
“The family’s accommodation has moved to an annex. Don’t ask the official to guide you.”
A quick explanation sounded like an excuse.
However, they did not come to the king merely to find out where to stay. What Sirone wanted to know was more important than that.
“What on earth do I not know?”
Orkamp sighed.
Being a king is, after all, a dead end position. Reina could have run away from the difficult question, but he couldn’t.
“There were five assassination attempts from last night until dawn. Three cases of poisoning, two cases of assassination. Lethal doses of poison have been detected in the food that feeds the family. At dawn, an assassin was caught every hour in the apartment of the royal family. I couldn’t find out who was behind it because I committed suicide, but it’s a fact that everyone knows that I was aiming for you.”
Sirone felt like he had been hit in the head with a hammer.
Assassination is something a person commits. But the unexpectedness was so strong that it felt like a natural disaster.
“Why are you trying to kill us?”
“What do you mean? Did you really think that nothing would happen?”
To be honest… … It was.
Of course, it wasn’t that I was careless. However, it was a completely different matter to be sure that the enemies would move into action two days after arriving at the capital.
“I don’t know. Assassination of a candidate for the first prince is a felony. If the background is revealed, even if the family is destroyed, it will not be enough. Does it make sense to finish such a major event in just two days?”
“Do you think they are stupid? No, sirone. Rather, it is a very reasonable and clever judgment. It’s about stabbing the blind spots in your thinking.”
“of thoughts… … blind spot?”
“Assassins fall into two categories. Assassin and Hitman. Among the orthodox Assassin’s proverbs, there is something like this. ‘People don’t kill, circumstances do.’ It’s enough to avoid black. But the situation is unavoidable. If I have to kill you anyway, yesterday was the best time.”
Sirone corrected the error in his thinking.
It was not that he was oblivious to the danger of assassination. But on the other hand, it was undeniable that there was an underlying thought of ‘Could it be now?’.
“Assassins aren’t good at using swords, they’re good at directing situations. That’s why one Assassin is more terrifying than 100 escorts in a royal castle. Guys poke the blind spot of thinking. Once you get caught, you have no choice but to surrender your head knowingly.”
Orkamp is right.
Why were you safe?
No, it’s not that level of delusion. You cannot live by checking every part of your thoughts. Even if I corrected one thought, they would have come in looking for another blind spot.
“Sirone, don’t try to analyze everything with your head. The castle is a place teeming with wild beasts. There is no coward here who misses the time to act out of fear, no matter how great the cost of failure.”
Orkamp stood up and walked to his desk. And he said, pouring a strong drink into a crystal goblet.
“Raina made good judgment. Anyway, after 3 days, you can become the official successor. If we fight in the mud for no reason, we will only lose. So pretend you don’t know.”
Sirone clenched his fists.
I admit that Reina’s judgment was correct. But even his parents could have died.
“You mean you’re just getting hurt? You can use this as an excuse to fight back.”
Orkamp smiled bitterly.
“Then let’s ask. Who do you think is behind it?”
“Of course the Theraze family… … .”
Sirone stopped talking.
Is it really only the Theraze faction that is targeting him? That, too, was a blind spot in thinking that hadn’t been looked back until now.
“… … I do not know.”
“Yeah, I don’t know. It is not an exaggeration to say that the change of the candidate for the first prince is the movement of all the interests of the kingdom. Anyone other than Theraze faction has the motive to eliminate you.”
Sirone looked at the people on the suspect line.
Countless people’s faces passed by. Even Orkamp… … .
“Does everyone want me dead?”
Orkamp returned to his seat with his crystal glass.
“If Theraje is behind it, it must be a kind of warning. If it’s neutral, it will be to see the reaction. Because they want an accurate source of who you are.”
“A warning? It’s a lethal dose of poison. If you eat it, you die. Even Amy, who followed innocently, almost died.”
Orkamp gulped down the strong drink. Sirone is overexcited, but maybe that’s normal.
To the average person, assassination is a very distant concept. He could be robbed or run over by a wagon, but if he lived through the day thinking that an expert murderer was targeting him, he would go mad within a month.
lived such a life He lived with the assassin for the rest of his life, eating, going to the bathroom, and giving birth to children. The self who completely forgets with a sip of strong alcohol is rather abnormal.
—————————————

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-278.txt
=============YYYYY=============
[278] 2. The Either/or Trap (2)
“Sirone, even a beautiful butterfly is just a monstrosity if you look closely. The world is beautiful for no one but you, and it’s always not good to express your feelings. Especially if you want to protect the person you love.”
Sirone calmed his excitement with a deep breath. Now was the time to take action rather than get angry.
“What can I do in the future?”
“Show your strength. If they want to have a standard of judgment on whose side they should be on, providing an accurate source would be one way.”
Orkamp finally spoke the words in his heart.
“I will make a seat for you. Demonstrate Ataraxia. If you show your strength there, at least you will be clearly distinguished from peers. Then at least I won’t touch my family.”
Sirone’s gaze went down. While my mind calmed down, the hot energy passed through my esophagus and caught in my throat.
“That is… … That’s the real reason you called me.”
Orkamp let out a small breath. As expected, he couldn’t lie to Sirone.
“Have you heard of Valkyrie? An army organized by Theraje to prepare for the final war. The reason Kazura Kingdom was able to survive economically was thanks to orders for weapons of war there. But the situation is not optimistic. The reason Theraze planted his children here is so that one day he will drive me out and devour Kazura. We must further strengthen our influence within Valkyrie. If it’s your Ataraxia, it’s quite possible.”
Sirone felt the power drain from her body. She vaguely guessed, but when she heard these words from the person she believed to be her biological parents, her tears welled up.
In the end, bloodlines didn’t matter. What they wanted was ataraxia, the ability of an archangel.
“Please. give a demonstration Just showcasing it in front of aristocrats will have a powerful ripple effect. This is our chance to win the neutrals over to us.”
Sirone struggled to swallow the flowing tears. Orkamp isn’t crying, so he shouldn’t be crying either.
“Did you think I would obey you if you said that?”
“On the contrary. So I’m thinking of making a suggestion. The other day you said you wanted to go home. Is that idea still valid?”
“No, it is not valid. Because I want to go back even more than then.”
Orkamp wasn’t offended by Sirone’s sarcastic comments.
“If you give me a demonstration, I will send you home as soon as the paternity test is done. It’s good to go to magic school, it’s good to do anything. If you don’t want to come to the royal castle, you don’t have to come. How are you?”
Sirone couldn’t just pass by this proposal.
After experiencing the royal castle, unlike the first thought, returning home was not an easy task. In that situation, Orkamp’s offer was certainly palatable.
“But if that happens, Ataraxia won’t be usable. You will need me eventually, so how are you going to convince the ministers?”
Orkampf was uneasy, as if he had been found out. He proposed the demonstration for a purpose far greater than attracting neutrals.
Arius said that if he saw Ataraxia himself, he would be able to find a way to duplicate it.
Once cloning is successful, Sirone is not needed. No, rather leaving the castle was a good thing. Even for Sirone’s life… … .
“That’s why a secret deal is necessary. I will announce to the ministers that you are graduating from magic school and returning. Did you say 1 year? In the meantime, I will purify the Theraze faction. After that, everyone can go their own way.”
In the end, it was said that the deal would become null and void if the Theraze faction could not be purged.
However, Sirone also nodded as if it was natural to take such a risk. As long as it was guaranteed for one year, it didn’t matter if I kept my promise or not.
After graduating from magic school, I was thinking of moving my residence anyway. It’s enough to think that the moving distance is a little further away.
At least, wouldn’t it be possible to live like that until you grow strong enough not to be shaken by the kingship?
“Who will observe the demonstration?”
“I have already sent you a message. All high-ranking nobles will gather. They are expecting a spectacular show.”
Sirone looked at Orkamp with sad eyes.
“You knew from the start that I couldn’t say no.”
“Sirone, this is the proposal you first asked for three days ago. I was just making excuses for it.”
Orkamp was cold until the end.
But thanks to that, Sirone regained his composure. Not for Kazura. I was thinking of doing it for her family.
“all right. Call me when you’re ready. I have to go see my ‘parents’ now.”
In my mind, I just wanted to leave. He also knew that even if he did, Orkamp wouldn’t reprimand him.
However, Sirone was polite and walked out the door.
Orkamp was the king of a neighboring country.
@
Arriving at the dorm, Sirone checked the safety of her parents.
My eyes were puffy as if I hadn’t slept all night. Fearing to worry her child, she tried to keep her smile on, but her Olina’s face was as pale as a sheet of paper.
Even herself, who had learned magic, felt her heart race, but it must have been too much of a burden for her, who had lived her entire life without harming others.
‘I’m sorry, mother.’
Amy, who greeted Sirone, did not pretend to be cheerful, but did not show a nervous expression. She just smiled bitterly and raised her hand to welcome her.
From her appearance, Sirone felt a strong comradeship.
Reina, who was having a meeting with the attendants in the next room, greeted her with a bright expression.
“You’re here, Sirone. I was waiting for you.”
Everyone was haggard, but Reina was full of energy. Certainly, like a royal court musician, he seemed to have become accustomed to the atmosphere of the royal palace.
It was fresh to see a new side of her, but I didn’t feel very good at this moment.
it’s not that she’s ugly But no one will ever know how she felt about being a fool for a day, leaving her family’s life in her hands.
“I came to meet Orkamp.”
Reina’s expression hardened.
From the way he called the king by name, as well as from Sirone’s cold voice, you could guess how angry he was with this incident.
“Sorry for not telling you earlier. But I’m afraid you’ll worry… … .”
“I know why. But everyone was at risk.”
Rayna swallowed her saliva. It was an expression that Sirone only showed when he was really angry.
It felt like my heart was frozen when I saw it. Did your father feel this way at the time?
“It’s fine now. Security procedures have been strengthened. Ask the guards to further strengthen security… … .”
“You should have informed me.”
Reina’s mouth closed like a clam. Then Amy, who had been watching her in disbelief, let out a sigh of relief.
‘That’s why I have to tell you.’
It’s because I overlook how much Sirone loves her family, and it’s been a long time since I’ve been in the middle of a long time.
But to be honest, Amy had nothing to say. Even though she clearly expected Shirone’s reaction, she followed Reina’s judgment because she was right in the end.
I’m still angry like this, but if I had known at the time, the situation could have gotten out of control. There was no way that Sirone would not know that fact. So, in the end, it was Reina’s victory.
Vincent couldn’t hide his embarrassment and told Sirone.
“Sirone, Reina-san said that she had no choice but to be in that position. Besides, it was decided after asking for our understanding. You’d better be angry with me.”
Sirone lowered her head. He knew that from the beginning.
I was just angry.
His family suffered from assassination threats, his real parents were obsessed with ataraxia, and now, when he thought that even Reina was ostracizing him, he shuddered.
“sorry. I know Reina-sister saved us all. just… … It was so frustrating that I did it without even realizing it.”
Reina sensed a weak cry in Sirone’s voice. What the hell did she hear from Orkamp, so that the normally strong child came back in such rags?
“No, I’m sorry. It was sad enough. It’s one of my duties to let you know. In the future, I will report without omission.”
When Sirone tried to smile, Reina let go of her breath as well.
As expected, this child was the most beautiful when he was smiling. So she didn’t want to see her sad face even more.
To leave the castle safely, you must be cool. Even if the same situation came up, Reina was going to make the same judgment.
Amy asked when the two people’s feelings were settled.
“So what did you say in the audience room?”
“Ah, that… … .”
Sirone said what Orkamp suggested. Amy thoughtfully thought about her and nodded her head.
“Hmm, that’s a good suggestion. Of course, if you keep your promise.”
“doesn’t care. After graduation, you have to move anyway. I think the next problem is to go there and think about it. So I accepted the offer for now.”
“Indeed, it is. Neither do I.”
The reason why nobles have the concept of their home is because they move around depending on their job.
Amy’s older brother, Diane, is also the leader of the archers in the royal castle, and especially the explorer’s second brother, Ares, was wandering around remote areas, so it was unclear which country he was currently in.
Worldwide, the employment rate of wizards is about 80%, and the employment rate is close to 99%. The reason why the employment rate is lower than the employment rate is because there are quite a few wizards who refuse to work.
However, the competition is fierce, and most students move to Baska, the capital, to find a job or prepare for an official exam after graduating. If both were not available, it was common to go abroad to study.
Creas also had a magic institution, but Sirone also had no intention of ending her magical life in a provincial town.
In the future, if he reached the official rank of 5, he might be appointed as the deputy head of the Kreas branch of the Magic Association, but right now there were many things he wanted to do.
Alpheas Magic School is a government-designated institution, and when you graduate, you get an unofficial 10th-level wizard license. Once you get a license, you can live as a mercenary because the guild gives you a job. Then you don’t have to buy a house, so it will be comfortable for you to move around.
I thought that if I met a good relationship after living like that, I would be able to settle down somewhere.
As if supporting Sirone’s will, Amy clapped and cheered.
“good! If we’re going to do it, let’s do it right!”
@
The Colosseum was built in a basin 2 kilometers north of the Khazra Castle. In the past, it was a huge gambling table where warriors engaged in bloody battles with wild beasts and nobles bet money, but now it has been closed indefinitely for financial reasons.
Traces of blood were left on the uncleaned sand floor. No matter how much the workers swept it with a broom, the red bloodstains could not be erased.
The nobles entered with an escort, and Amy and Reina also took their seats on the third floor.
Orkamp was considerate of Sirone’s feelings and allowed her parents to observe, but Olina was in a weak state of mind and body, so she decided to stay with Vincent at the dorm.
Sirone was waiting for the time in the waiting room in the basement of the Colosseum.
Exercise equipment and punching bags used by champions were scattered around, and various weapons were displayed on the shelf.
The iron door of the waiting room opened and Ji-on and Woo-rin entered. As if it was the first time in the underground waiting room, Uorin looked around.
Sirone no longer welcomed anyone. After learning what happened last night, everyone seemed to be enemies.
Ji-on approached with an eight-legged step and said.
“It is a very desolate place. What were the warriors waiting for here thinking? Please don’t get eaten by lions? Or maybe he was thinking of breaking down that door and escaping.”
“No, he must have vowed to kill the enemy. Because that is the only way left for a warrior.”
Zion smiled crookedly. As expected, words are no match for magicians.
—————————————

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-279.txt
=============YYYYY=============
[279] 2. The Either/or Trap (3)
“Hmph, the snout is still alive. What’s the point of putting on this clown show? Didn’t your father say he’d make you a king later?”
“I should have said it clearly. I am not interested.”
Ji-on turned around without even listening to him with the back of his ear. Then he walked along the wall and admired the scenery of the waiting room.
In fact, today’s demonstration schedule was surprising to him as well. It was because I didn’t know that Orkamp would come up with a real sword game so quickly.
But in the end, it was said that it was also very urgent.
Jion, who made a wide roundabout in the waiting room and arrived in front of Sirone, made an enticing proposal.
“I will send you home.”
Sirone asked with a puzzled expression.
“What are you talking about?”
“You say you’re not interested in being the first prince? Then the price you get for this demonstration is freedom. i’m going to give it to you No matter how much you avoid Kazura’s eyes, you can’t avoid Thera’s eyes. Because we play worldwide. But what if I let you go? Kazura will be mine and you will be free. Aren’t they good for each other?”
It was such a sweet temptation that it was hard to refuse. But it was not an easy matter to accept.
Empress Theraze said that she planted Zeon in order to swallow Kazura. So if Zeon becomes king, Orkamp and Eliza will die. If we don’t sever the legitimacy of the royal family, we won’t be able to plan for the future.
“What do you want me to do?”
“Simple. You’re ruining the show. If it’s an archangel’s ability or something, just screw it up. And speaking to nobles. In fact, the rumors are exaggerated, it was luck and it was successful, not a magic that a nerd like me can do, like this.”
Understanding, Sirone nodded.
Today’s demonstration is a political venue. Whether the nobles believe the lie or not, the moment the white flag is raised, the game is over.
The only thing that bothered him was the deaths of Orkamp and Eliza. Is it really okay?
No matter how many children they abandoned, they at least kept them alive. Do you have the right to repay that dust of grace with death?
“I’ll think about it. No, give me time to think.”
“However much. The answer will be heard at the Colosseum anyway. Whichever you choose, Kazura is bound to fall for me anyway. Use your wise judgment.”
Shirone lowered her head and heard the sound of Ji-on leaving. But it was so complicated in her head that she couldn’t care.
If you help Orkamp, you will be pursued by Theraje faction for the rest of your life. However, if they stick to Zion, Orkamp and Eliza will die.
‘What do we do? What the hell are you asking me to do?’
After recovering her pet cat that was wandering around the waiting room, Uorin said goodbye to Sirone after getting ready to leave.
“Brother, do your best.”
Sirone looked up at Uorin with lifeless eyes. She probably knows her own dilemma. But apart from words of consolation, she offered no advice.
I conveyed my urgency with earnest eyes, but she tilted her head and smiled as if she did not know anything.
Sirone looked at the ground with a resigned expression.
What are you hoping for? Isn’t there a chance that there will be someone to help you in the castle?
At that moment, Wu Lin sighed.
“ha.”
And he said in a calm voice.
“You want me to help you?”
Sirone raised her head again.
Wu Lin was still beautiful. However, the bright feeling that had been revealed just a moment ago had disappeared.
“Of course I can help.”
Uorin took a few steps back as if reestablishing a sense of distance.
“But they may not help. The important thing is plausibility. For example, let’s say there is a rich man who owns 100 billion gold. That person is about 1 gold, it doesn’t matter if you give it to anyone. But it doesn’t. Not because the money is wasted, but because there is no possibility. If you give 1 gold to someone for no reason, you have to give 1 gold to everyone in the world. My brother doesn’t have a chance yet. So you must come up with a reason to help him.”
“I… … What should I do?”
“That, too, belongs to my brother. A lot could be lost in this demonstration. But it’s also an opportunity to get something more precious than that. I hope you make a wise choice.”
Uorin finished with those words and headed for the door. The beautiful smile that Sirone had been expecting could not be seen until the end.
Left alone in the waiting room, Sirone was lost in thought. She was analyzing her words at the last moment of her choice.
‘I see.’
Losing a lot was the material damage that occurred when the first prince was given up. Conversely, obtaining something precious meant the lives of Orkamp and Eliza.
If Zeon becomes the king of Kazura, Uorin will have a chance to help himself.
That is, she is saying this. I will guarantee the lives of her real parents, so I will hand over the kingship to Zion.
‘Yeah, that’s enough.’
Sirone is determined to ruin the show.
Perhaps Orkamp would be disappointed, but in the end, he was saving his life, so he fulfilled his responsibility as a child.
A lamp on the ceiling lit up and a loud siren sounded.
After organizing her thoughts, Sirone entered the elevator installed on the wall. When the switch was lowered, the elevator went up to the ground with a clatter.
When I arrived on the ground, all I could see was the closed darkness and the iron bars installed 10 meters in front of me.
The sunlight was weak because it was before the sun went down, but the champions of long ago must have looked at the intense sun in broad daylight and reflected on their hopes for life.
The bars went up, and Sirone walked to the center of the Colosseum.
Ji-on was right when he said it was a clown show. As many eyes were aimed at her, she felt as if she had been stripped naked.
The target was standing in the direction of the sunset. It was a shabby wooden plank, as if she had found it as a last resort while in a hurry.
Not stoning, but getting magic with that? If it was meant to be ridiculed, it was perfect.
I sneered at the thought of a dispute over even choosing one target.
“From now on, we will have time to verify the qualifications of the candidate for the first prince.”
To verify the qualifications of the candidate for the first prince. It was certainly a good excuse to set up as a clown.
Sirone saluted Orkamp and said:
“Your Highness, magic is a powerful force. Otherwise, the property may be damaged. I would like to ask for your understanding first.”
It meant that the precious target could be destroyed. It was a blow to the crowd mocking him.
Orkamp quickly saw through and supported Syrone’s will.
“Nothing to worry about. A target is just an excuse, as long as you can show off your skills, it doesn’t matter what you do.”
Sirone felt as if he had given them a shot. But in the end, all I could do was this.
Feeling a bit embarrassed, I turned around to the target. With everyone holding their breath, they concentrated and cast their halo.
An intense light like a star stuck in the space and began to slowly move and draw a huge circle.
It should be drawn as large as possible.
After 2,000 battles, Amy heard that Halo could shock those with sensitive senses. If so, she would surely be able to reach someone in this position.
It may be a meaningless resistance, but I couldn’t create any variables without doing what I could.
When Halo was finally completed, a radiant halo appeared.
Amy quickly looked around.
First of all, Reina frowned. It was said that if she felt the pressure in Halo, she had considerable schema sensitivity.
On the other hand, the nobles were calm. Since most of the nobles at the center of power were administrative, they were far from schemas or spirit zones.
But those who kept them were different. Everyone was desperately biting their teeth.
‘Hmm, they’re definitely strong… … .’
Ji-on and Uorin didn’t seem particularly shocked.
Since she didn’t expect it from the beginning anyway, Amy looked in the direction where Orkamp was.
To be precise, it was a tall man standing behind Orkamp.
Many masters exist in this place, but none has been as tense as that man. Besides, he was covering his face with his right hand, as if he couldn’t get used to it even now.
‘Shit! I was surprised.’
Arius decided to believe in the existence of souls. It was because the moment the halo was born, something in my head felt like it was flying outside. It was such a terrible shock.
It was surprising for him, who had never been mentally stunned for more than one second after entering Madou 7.
‘You implemented the immortal function in the form. Is that the basic mental system of the Nephilim?’
After completing the analysis of Halo, Arius calmly waited. With this demonstration, he intended to figure out the mechanism and find a way to unencapsulate it. As the ataraxia started accumulating, his eyes shone intensely.
‘it started! The first one is either way. Is it binary based?’
Beginning with the first magic circle embedded in the center of the halo, a shower of light rushed in.
Aristocrats admired the splendid spectacle, but Arius organized all the concepts integrated into Ataraxia without missing a single one.
‘algebra. Musho Geometry. Multiple arithmetic equations. Vanessa grooming. Sphere Integral. Eisen Relativity. And that, Hagel’s paradox?’
As concepts piled up in Ataraxia, my thoughts began to overload. My head was on the verge of exploding.
As the integration process passed the middle, even the zeta function, the cutting edge of human intelligence, appeared. It was a kind of hypothesis that supposedly contained the blueprint of the universe in a way to discover a few patterns.
Arius stopped thinking. No, he couldn’t think.
After the Zeta function, everything was a concept I hadn’t seen before, and it was being embedded in Halo at breakneck speed.
analysis not possible.
‘Damn it… … .’
As the integration was completed, Ataraxia was born as a colorful and integrated concept. It was the reality of super-magic amplification that humans could never realize.
Arius shuddered with defeat.
I only understood 65% of the entire circuit. Compared to what Sirone gave up at the 17th percentile point at the time of being possessed with Ikael, he had an amazing level of intellect, but even if he didn’t know 1%, he didn’t know everything.
Sirone looked at Ataraxia floating in front of her eyes and was lost in thought. Your life changes depending on what you choose from now on.
After about 10 seconds, the nobles who were watching closely gradually lost interest.
Knowing how important one second is in real combat, they were only disappointed with Sirone’s inexperience.
“what are you doing? If you’re going to do it, if you’re going to do it, don’t do it.”
“Your personality is indecisive. Or do you need something more preparatory?”
The nobles who lead the archmage couldn’t be patient with a student-level demonstration. As voices of dissatisfaction came out here and there, Jion also added one voice.
“haha! Original rumors are exaggerated. There are so many high-ranking wizards in the royal castle, how can only aspiring wizards be verified with this?”
Then, those who were presumed to be the Theraje faction helped each other out.
The atmosphere left them to take care of themselves, and Ji-on looked down at Sirone arrogantly.
Now the plates are all laid out. All that remains is for Sirone to confess her shortcomings.
Sirone listened to the voices coming from all directions. As expected, most of them were Zeon’s gang.
‘Okay, let’s stop. From the beginning, it was too strong an enemy for me to deal with.’
Sirone hung her shoulders weakly and opened her mouth.
“I am… … .”
The first words of an important announcement came out, but the aristocratic murmur showed no signs of stopping.
Realizing that her voice was too low, Sirone inhaled and filled her lungs with air so everyone could hear.
‘for a moment… … .’
Then, all of a sudden, I had a strange idea.
Is it really the right decision to give up?
It was a thought that came to me out of nowhere, pushed up not from my head but from my body.
—————————————

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-28.txt
=============YYYYY=============
Please enable JavaScript
[Translator – Anwen]
Chapter 28
That bit was a plus for Amy. Not only were they dating, but they’ve also kissed, at least according to the rumor. So the boys who chased her around were in a state of panic.
“What are you gonna do about today? Aren’t you going to go meet Shirone? Hm? Hmm?”
“Don’t know. We both agreed to focus on studying for the time being.”
There was a hint of disappointment in Amy’s tone.
‘I know we’re only fake dating, but even so, how can he be so indifferent?’
Her pride was hurt by Shirone’s stone-cold attitude. It was no princess syndrome, but whenever Amy looked in the mirror, she herself thought her appearance was enough to turn heads. But Shirone seemed to have zero interest, seemingly because of his concentration on studies. Even if it was only a pretend relationship, they were definitely an “official couple” in the eyes of most.
‘Shouldn’t he be at least a little conscious?’
“I don’t know and I don’t care either. I have a pile of work to do. I don’t have time to get distracted.”
“You’re disappointed, aren’t you? Well if you are, I wouldn’t be surprised. I also think Shirone is being too harsh. How could he leave such a pretty girlfriend unattended? I’d stick together around all day if I were him. Oho! Maybe that part was what cracked the iron-hearted Amy’s heart?
“Sharelle…”
When she saw Amy’s eyes burning red, Sharelle shook around her hand and released cold sweat.
“Haha… Okay, okay! I’ll stop!
Amy let out her anger with a snort. In a sense, Shirone was well aware of the situation. If he was distracted by something he shouldn’t be distracted by, it wouldn’t be worth it for her to keep up their relationship, even if it did chase away the boys.
“Oh! Amy, isn’t that Jake over there?”
Jake was coming down a hill. He had bandages all over his face and was carrying a large backpack on his shoulder.
The disciplinary committee had decided to put those part of Black Magician on probation for two years. With a condition that they ask for forgiveness from the students who dropped out, but anyone could tell there was an unusual leniency.
“Hey! Long time no see, Amy.”
Jake’s face was bright, unfitting for someone who was essentially getting kicked out for two years.
“You still haven’t left? Gosh, so clingy.”
“Kekeke! I’ve done so many bad things that there are a lot of places I need to pass by.”
“That doesn’t suit you. Did you change? Hah, no way. How can a person’s personality change so easily?”
“That’s true. But there are people who trust a wastrel like me, so now I can’t do anything bad anymore.”
It was known among students that Siena struggled with the committee to lower Jake’s disciplinary penalty. If it weren’t for her, Black Magician wouldn’t have been able to avoid expulsion from the academy.
“By the way, what are you going to do now? Taking two years off will make you have to drop your classes.”
“I’ll have to beg for forgiveness from the kids who dropped out. They probably won’t forgive me, but I’m prepared. And in any case, won’t something come to mind after I try and put everything back to how it was before?”
Amy didn’t think it would be easy. Most of the kids who were tormented by Jake were first-class nobles and suffered from injuries that could not be healed, so the possibility of Jake getting beaten to death was not completely out of the question.
However, the one who knew this better than anyone else was Jake himself, and yet instead of being afraid, he was rather relaxed.
“I’ve got to go. You’ll be graduating by the time I get back. I don’t know when the opportunity will come, but when that time comes, I will do my best. Take care. I wish you the best with your relationship.”
As Jake turned around with a wave of his hand, Amy responded with an awkward smile. Even Jake, the person involved in the case, found it absurd when he thought back to how Amy was dating Shirone.
Despite what happened, seeing him being sent off in this shabby way left a bit of a bitter taste in Amy’s mouth as a fellow student. She thought for a moment as she remembered something. She called out to Jake.
“Hey, Jake!”
He looked back.
“Two years will go by real quick! Don’t give up!”
“Haha! Call me whenever you need my help. At the very least, I can help by lending you as much money as you need!”
“Two years… Yeah, it’s probably nothing. It’ll go by quick.”
Amy thought as she looked at Jake’s figure growing smaller and smaller in the distance. He would not be able to go to school for at least two years. But was that really something to cry about? After all, if one didn’t have the skills, one would rot in the same place for the rest of their life, anyways. That was the world of magic.
“Sharelle, I’ve made up my mind.”
“Hm? Are you going to see Shirone?”
“I’m going to apply for promotion to the Advanced class.”
“What? Already? Aren’t you being too hasty?”
Upon entering Class 4, you were automatically eligible to apply for the Advanced Class. However, if you were to fail the promotion exam, you would not be able to apply again that year, so the battle of nerves had been fierce since the beginning of the semester.
Not to mention, graduation was a long way off, even if you were to pass the promotion exam. This was because only the best talents could enter the Advanced Class out of the whole magic academy where many geniuses were gathered.
According to graduates of the magic academy, the Advanced Class was a battlefield far more fierce than the one in society. It was a place where only 30 prospective mages competed for survival, having to put aside their friendship for the time being.
Some criticized this system of infinite competition, but considering the specificity of the job as a mage, it was inevitable.
The Alpheas Magic Academy was a state-designated institution, meaning if you graduated, you’d receive a non-certified license, which meant you were recognized as an official mage. Essentially, as long as you graduated, you were given “instant power”.
In the worst-case scenario, the students would have to fight for their lives on a battlefield once they graduated, so instructors shared the common opinion that strict standards had to be imposed on the Advanced Class students.
“Why don’t you wait a little bit? The garden is still empty, and it won’t be too late to apply after analyzing the level of the Advanced class and its trends, right?”
“No, I don’t want to dwell on it. I just want to keep moving forward right now.”
Knowing how stubborn Amy could get, Sharelle knew she couldn’t stop her. On the other hand, she was also looking forward to how far her genius would get her in the Advanced Class.
“Alright, I’ll cheer you on. You can do it.”
“Thanks. I’ll be heading up first to see what the atmosphere is like.”
“Hehe, I’m actually a little nervous, so I’m thinking of collecting some information first. Anyway, let’s both work hard.”
“Yes, I’ll help you, too.”
Amy looked up at the blue sky with a light heart.
Dreams were as far away as the sun. However, dreams were also a guiding light, a beacon to those who needed something to cling to.
‘I will definitely become the best mage.’
[Translator – Anwen]
Join our discord for updates on releases!
Come and read on our website wuxia worldsite. Thanks
The integrated class for the Intermediate class was back.
While upperclassmen and lowerclassmen were going around interacting, no one approached Shirone.
Sometimes standing out too much was also a problem.
Surprising the teachers during the entrance test, managing to showcase one of the Four Way Formations on his first try, crushing Black Magician, and becoming Amy’s official lover.
In a short period of time, the marks left by Shirone were considerable. Nevertheless, since he belonged to Class 7, the lowest Intermediate class, the feelings of his classmates were inevitably complicated.
“Huh? There he is, Amy! Your boyfriend, Shirone!”
Sharelle waved from afar. Shirone pushed his way through the crowd. Amy stood with her arms folded as if she were sulking.
“Hello, seniors.”
“Hahaha! What’s up with the formalities? It’s not like we’re strangers, and plus we’re the same age anyways, so no need to be so polite. Talk casually.”
Amy continued sulking despite Sharelle’s matchmaking temperament. From some point on, going beyond his indifference, Amy felt like Shirone was avoiding her.
She wasn’t trying to brag, but inside this academy, Amy Karmis was not someone who got turned down by anyone. So on the other hand, she thought a lot about how to deal with Shirone if he did approach her seriously.
But what was Shirone doing? He drew a line as if they couldn’t even be simple friends at all. Aside from their occasional business-like conversations, he paid her no mind.
“Haha! But even so, I would have to refuse. You guys are still my upperclassmen.”
Amy almost threw a punch at Shirone due to his impassive response. but she firmly held it in. If she got angry here, it was like acknowledging that she was unattractive.
“Just speak comfortably when we’re alone. And it’s funny if you speak formally even though you guys are dating.”
At Amy’s trembling voice, Sharelle recognized the power of love. Amy was empty without her pride, but she still calmed herself in order to earn Shirone’s favor. Normally, this would not have been possible.
“No, it’s okay. I’ll get going. I have class to attend.”
As Shirone returned to his previous seat, Amy was on the verge of crying out in anger and shame.
“Whatever! Do whatever you want! If you hate this so much, don’t do it!”
Sharelle chased after Amy. Even from her perspective, she thought Shirone was acting quite strange lately.
“Amy, did you have a fight with Shirone?”
“I don’t know! I don’t care anymore! He’s so full of himself!”
Shirone returned to Class 7, holding back his feelings of guilt and regret. Amy was a good person. However, being close to the queen of Class 4 brought too many troubles.
PR/N: Amy? A good person? Now, maybe. A good person for you? Cap. #ReinaSupremacy
As Shirone sat down, his classmates began to murmur amongst themselves.
“Yeah, yeah. He thinks he’s the best. Does he want to show off that much?”
“Dating during class? Really? He doesn’t even know his ass for his elbow. Did he come to this academy depending only on that face of his?”
Their jealousy was up to their eyebrows. It was much worse than Shirone had expected.
The average age of Class 7 students was 15. It was only slightly younger than Shirone’s age, but one year was still enough to create a huge gap. In this age group, immature happenings often occurred.
The kids disliked the fact that the new freshy who just entered the academy was chosen by Amy, the top student of the Intermediate class. And with mob mentality at its fullest, even female students were now gossiping about Shirone.
“Gosh, there must be something wrong with my eyes. Isn’t he actually a total player? All he does is date and not study. That’s why he is still unable to cast single spell.”
Shirone decided to stay away from Amy. If not, she’d be the one to receive a fatal blow in terms of image.
It would be a lie if he said he wasn’t offended by the numerous criticisms. Though recently, the degree of their accusations had gotten worse, so he was slowly getting irritated.
But whenever that happened, he stomped those feelings down, recalling Temuran’s advice, he grit his teeth and manned up. His job right now was to rise through the ranks as quickly as possible.
“From today onwards, I will reduce the amount of theory and focus on training. Practice the Four Way Formation you specialize in for an hour. And for the rest of the time, practice pattern changes.”
Under the instruction of Ethella, students began to gather to train their Four Way Formation, but Shirone couldn’t mingle with them.
In the early days, he inadvertently displayed his Spirit Zone and suffered a setback. The students avoided Shirone’s Spirit Zone, which was transmitted through synesthesia, as if it were a bag of filth.
Shirone moved to a secluded place. Since he had the largest Spirit Zone in Class 7, this was the only way for him to train comfortably.
Shirone, who trained the Defense Form for an hour, practiced the remaining three formations. While they were not as good as his Defense Form, his Attack Form was quite good, while he found the Target Form quite difficult to manage.
His biggest problem was with the Deviate Form. Not to mention its difficulty, he couldn’t even imitate it.
‘It’s really tricky. What in the world do I have to do to get my Spirit Zone to deviate?’
Shirone tried to deviate the Spirit Zone to the right, but the shape got all distorted. It was not an exaggeration to say that there were only a handful of higher-class students who were able to use the Deviate Form.
‘Center. The key is to move the center.’
Shirone corrected his mistake and tried again. The center slowly moved while the shape of the Spirit Zone was fixed.
He felt woozy.
‘Is this what it feels like when the soul leaves the body?’
Shirone’s consciousness became distant and numb. He felt disoriented. Then right before his Spirit Zone was about to deviate, it burst like a bubble.
“Phew!”
The only thoughts going through his head were that Deviate Form was too difficult for the current him. For one’s mind to take off somewhere was not a natural phenomenon, so he had to approach it very carefully.
‘Rather, should I move the center first? No, the first method is right. If the shape is not perfect, the center won’t move.’
As Shirone struggled, Ethella came up to him personally.
“How’s it going, Shirone?”
“Deviate Form is difficult. It’s not easy to move the center.”
“That’s normal. It’s usually quite a challenge for convergent types. The Four Way Formation is a natural phenomenon… Except for the Deviate Form, which is an unnatural phenomenon. By the way, what about the other formations?”
Ethella did not have high expectations for Shirone to succeed in the Deviate Form. What she was looking forward to was Shirone’s natural insight, not computational competence.
“Mmm, as for the rest… I don’t think there are any issues.”
Shirone answered honestly. He was becoming proficient in the Four Way Formation to the extent that he was satisfied with his own progress.
Join our discord for updates on releases!

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-280.txt
=============YYYYY=============
[280] 2. The Either/or Trap (4)
I’ve never judged someone else’s possessions in my life. The inertia of those 18 years raised the alarm bell of doubt.
Then it felt like my head was spinning.
This is an either/or trap. This is because it is a battle that Zeon will win no matter what he chooses.
The reason why the logic of either option is scary is that it blocks the possibility other than the option in advance. The bad and the worse were presented, and the bad was induced to choose, giving the illusion that there was an advantage, but in reality, it was playing into the hands of the enemy.
Sirone realized that he had misunderstood Urin’s words.
No one gives you 1 gold for no reason. In other words, there is no one to help those who give up.
It was a mistake to think that Theraze’s gang would spare him if he begged with a servile expression.
The castle is the den of beasts. Even if you show weakness, you will only eat the flesh that clings to your bones.
That’s what Uorin wanted to say.
Bark if you want to live. Grit your teeth and growl. Swing your nails lest anyone think you’re easy prey.
The moment you stop fighting, all the beasts in the castle will rush to eat you.
“Whoa!”
Sirone finally exhaled air.
I don’t know how long I held my breath, but the air rushed out endlessly. It seemed as if all the thoughts in her head were drained out.
As my mind cleared, I saw the target clearly.
Sirone stood up properly and prepared to cast her magic. But the nobles still only snorted.
In their opinion, if Sirone had brains, he should have developed his skills quickly and spectacularly somehow.
It’s enough for experts to judge magic skills, and what they want to confirm is Sirone’s will. With such a lukewarm attitude, no noble could be persuaded.
But Sirone didn’t care.
will become a beast
When I concentrated my mind with such thoughts, a photon cannon was born as if it exploded in front of me.
Sirone endlessly compressed the photons. The sphere of light shook violently as it repeatedly contracted and expanded.
Amy was horrified to realize that the casting of the Photon Cannon was taking much longer than usual.
In the 2,000 confrontation, even though his mental power was almost exhausted, it was the power that caused the system to go down. I couldn’t even imagine what the result would be if I passed the strongest Photon Cannon through Ataraxia.
‘not there yet. I can’t get enough of this!’
Sirone continued to compress the sphere of light.
From the beginning, there were no enemies or allies here. The Terraze gang and the Orkamp gang were all thinking of using themselves.
‘more… … more!’
Tears welled up. The memories of the three days flooded in at once.
When he remembered his mother’s fear, the photon cannon rapidly compressed and turned into a white light that could no longer receive photons. The photon cannon, the size of a human head, swayed wildly as if it were going off center.
Amy jumped up from her seat. She was too extreme, and she was dangerous in that she could not predict the future.
However, before she could shout at Sirone, the photon cannon penetrated Ataraxia. Having already experienced it two thousand times, she closed her eyes tightly and twisted her body.
Flash!
A huge tunnel of light appeared in front of Sirone, pushing everything in the way. even waiting.
A roar exploded, paralyzing people’s eardrums, and the intense light erased their vision for an instant.
It was all dark for a while.
As my eyes adapted to the landscape, the world revealed was completely different from a second ago. Not only the inner walls of the Colosseum, but also the ridge that stood in the distance disappeared. Particles that had disintegrated into dust floated on the ground like a huge smoke screen.
When the wind pushed away the dust, the traces of the Photon Cannon appeared. The flat land that dozens of wagons could pass stretched all the way to the horizon.
The nobles were surrounded by high-ranking wizards. The swordsman looked out for his son-in-law around the mage who was frowning and setting up a strong local barrier. If Sirone had shown even the slightest suspicion, he would have run into the Colosseum.
“Such audacity! What are you doing!”
The fat nobleman slammed his chair down and jumped to his feet. The other nobles were also trembling in the same way.
What would happen if the magic was cast toward the bleachers?
The swordsman must have cut his throat the moment Sirone turned around, but it was a matter of regulation. In fact, weren’t they also nervous about the idea of magic being demonstrated by students?
The fat nobleman repeatedly cursed at Sirone. However, he quickly shut up at the words of the wolf-looking nobleman sitting next to him and sat down.
It was a position already approved by Orkamp. If he rebelled here, it would be no different than exposing his identity.
“I, that child… … .”
Ji-on trembled with anger.
Not only did he chew his proposal like chewing gum, but the formidable power of magic shattered his pride.
Does it make sense for humans to push mountains?
No, even if it was possible, it was at the level of a great wizard.
That a mediocre would-be wizard wielding such abilities was a testament to how unfair the human world was.
Until now, Ji-on had refused to be equal with anyone, but now she was jealous and couldn’t stand it.
Power beyond measure must only belong to royalty. If such power is given to an illegitimate child who has no power, wealth, or status, how will the country survive?
“I definitely heard the answer, Sirone. Let’s see!”
Ji-on shouted for everyone to hear and headed for the exit. A number of aristocratic groups escaped after him.
It might be Theraze group, but Sirone didn’t care. After casting the full-powered Photon Cannon, I was just trying to hold on to the consciousness that was staggering as if it would fly away in a storm.
This was the first time I had cast Ataraxia and not collapsed. It was also thanks to his increased durability, but it was proof that he was enduring with such a strong heart.
Sirone turned her head with intense eyes. Woorin was still in his seat. But her response was to raise her eyebrows slightly and raise the corners of her mouth in a mocking manner.
She got up and whispered something to the cat and left the Colosseum without regret.
3. Late Night Ball (1)
Orkamp’s steps were faster than usual.
Although he is not easily excited, it was difficult to control his emotions this time around.
I was able to calm myself down only after I pushed through the door of the study and drank the water placed on the desk.
Ataraxia.
It was truly catastrophic magic. No, is it new now?
What he saw was the power of the archangel, the supreme commander of heaven. And he was told that there are seven other archangels of equal power in heaven.
Suddenly, I felt skeptical.
Will Valkyrie be able to deal with it alone?
‘it’s okay. Let’s not look too far. It’s good for me anyway.’
If only Ataraxia can be cloned, it is not a dream to join the ‘Holy War’, the highest national meeting of Valkyries.
The 12 most powerful monarchs in the world.
Although the position of the ‘Three Emperors’, to which Empress Theraze belongs, was unreasonable, the ‘Seven Kings’ below it were worthy of being overlooked.
If that happens, Thera will also have no choice but to acknowledge Kazura’s independence.
What would it feel like to manipulate the world’s economy, culture, society, life, knowledge, and art at will? Orkamp was already imagining that.
“How is it?”
As Orkamp asked, Arius appeared from a corner of the study.
Appearances like this would be unpleasant from the ruler’s point of view, but Arius was stubborn.
But today, unlike before, it wasn’t unusual. His face was flushed as much as Orkamp’s.
“It was definitely great. Ataraxia, this is a wonderful ability.”
“I am not talking about that. Can you duplicate it now?”
“Impossible.”
Orkamp thought he had heard wrong. But his own ears were normal.
He tried to suppress his rising anger, but it was far from calming down.
So far, I’ve done whatever Arius asked for. It was a demonstration that he even pushed through while sticking a dagger into his child’s heart.
“Why not? Is this again encapsulation?
“That is the primary cause. But even if you break the encapsulation, it’s the same. Ataraxia is an ability beyond human conception. In short, even Sirone himself does not know.”
“Does that make sense? I saw Sirone cast Ataraxia with my own eyes. Does that mean Sirone is not human?”
“In a sense, yes. It’s because the human body contains something that is not human. Sirone doesn’t understand and cast Ataraxia. How about explaining it like this? It just happens.”
Orkamp’s eyes grew cold.
“Tell me straight. You must convince me in this answer.”
Feeling alive, Arius finally stopped laughing.
“The most likely is that Ataraxia is etched very deep into Sirone’s subconscious. Maybe not close to instinct? Then, it is not strange that Sirone uses her abilities even if she does not know the principles. It’s not that you understand how to breathe and breathe.”
“Instinct. If so, wouldn’t it be okay to extract it from there?”
“well. Instinct is said to be maternal consciousness, and it is an area that is influenced at the genetic level. Even if I’m a professional grave digger, it’s impossible to dive that far. No, to be precise, you can dive, but you will be crushed by Sirone’s unconsciousness.”
Orkamp banged the desk.
I’ve been saying no to it ever since. What’s more, I can’t dive because my life is precious now.
“Do you know that I hired you just to listen to that? If you don’t get Ataraxia… … !”
“There is one way.”
Orkamp changed his expression as if he had never done that.
Well, the 7 Madou Girls of the Black Line wouldn’t have boasted of their incompetence without any countermeasures.
“Sorry for not telling you earlier. However, this can be a bit tricky. Perhaps His Highness will need resolution as well.”
“If you’re determined, it’s always done. What way?”
Arius looked around and whispered in his ear. Normally, he didn’t care whether Eliza eavesdropped or not, but this time it was good to be cautious.
“What, what?”
Orkamp raised his eyes in horror. Arius’ eyes, on the other hand, narrowed like snakes.
I didn’t know when he was smiling, but his expressionless face was like a poisonous snake.
“It is the only way.”
Orkamp touched the desk with trembling hands.
“Yeah, that can’t be. Do you know what that means?”
“of course. But with this method, you can definitely get ataraxia.”
Orkamp let out a heavy breath.
get ataraxia In Valkyrie, she has the ability designated as Triple S.
Kazura’s Independence. seven planets. Several thoughts ran through my mind.
“but… … Do I really have to do that?”
“Your Highness, I’ve told you many times, but I don’t have time. It is time for quick decisions.”
Orkamp shook his head.
It took time. Even if they do, how will they deal with the aftermath that will follow them? You should also have a plan in place for that.
“Give me a moment, a little time to think.”
Arius’ face contorted viciously. But when Orkamp raised his head, he returned to smiling as usual.
“Of course, it takes time. All right. Call me when you are sure.”
Arius bowed and left the study.
As he walked quickly down the hallway, he leaned his back against the wall in an empty place and spat out curse words.
“Sheesh, stupid child. pathetic guy It’s like a peck.”
Of course, Orkamp’s reaction was normal. After calling them bloodlines they found after 18 years, they made them endure all kinds of humiliation and insults, and now they are trying to steal even the most precious thing.
However, there should be no limit to the king’s ruthlessness. This can work, that can’t, and having a barrier to judgment in this way meant that the bowl was small after all.
If you start hesitating, you won’t have anything. Even if you follow the suggestion belatedly, remorse will distract you. Such people would one day ruin everything.
‘It’s disappointing, Orkamp. I thought he was a ruthless monarch, but he’s no different from an ordinary nobleman.’
—————————————

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-281.txt
=============YYYYY=============
[281] 3. Late Night Ball (2)
Most of the black lines are wanted criminals. In particular, Madou 7 Girls are stigmatized as world-class heinous criminals, so they need an absolutely safe hiding place to stay in one place.
Working for such an inferior master, one would sooner or later end up hanging on the guillotine. When her thoughts reached that far, she couldn’t help but worry about her own safety.
“Hmm, shall we organize this place soon?”
The reason Arius hasn’t been caught so far even though the Red Line’s bounty hunters turn on the light in their eyes and chase him is because of his sixth sense, which animalically catches hit and run.
The senses that had been refined over 10 years of escapism were warning her that it would be dangerous if she did not leave now.
‘But I’m sorry to end it like this… … .’
Ataraxia. The best catch in a grave robber’s life was caught in the net.
The reason he jumped into robbery was to satisfy the intellectual desire of the unlocker, although material value also played a part.
In that sense, Archangel Ikael’s abilities were definitely something to behold.
‘Shall we pretend to be crazy and dive to the first level? No, it is impossible alone. Especially since the unconsciousness of wizards is much stronger than that of ordinary people. That’s why I can’t stick to Orkamp.’
Arius, who had rested his chin on his head and was lost in thought, slowly raised his head. Then he looked back into the empty hallway and said with a thin eye smile.
“What happened?”
When Ji-on’s aide, an unknown official, appeared from around the corner, a cynicism was built involuntarily. The official is neither a wizard nor an assassin. But, as always, he didn’t make his presence felt until he made his mark first.
“There is someone who wants to meet Arius-nim.”
Arius knows what Zeon is. However, the official did not disclose the owner’s name.
It wouldn’t be nice to know that Arius, an aide to Orkamp, and Zeon, the core of the Theraze faction, secretly met and traded.
“It’s a nice suggestion to hear. Please guide me.”
As the official turned and walked away, Arius watched the old man’s Achilles tendon.
They are walking without even making a sound.
It looks as light as a cat, but the calf muscles hidden in the robe must have been extremely developed.
That doesn’t mean he’s a great master. To put it bluntly, is it the craftsmanship of a person who devoted his life to helping his master?
‘Huh, it’s a really fun place. royal castle.’
@
“Damn it! That son of a bitch totally blew me away!”
A glass bottle thrown by Ji-on hit the gallery door. The glass shattered and the cat sleeping on the floor threw itself.
Either that or not, Uorin sat down at the table and put the cup to her lips and passed it over.
“why? i was good You were gorgeous.”
Ji-on glared at his sister.
Her dubious personality is usually cute, but when the situation was like this, she was hateful to the point of death.
“I have to go out on my own. You can’t just leave Sirone alone.”
Uorin said while stroking the chin of the cat on her lap.
“It was threatening. What would happen if I cast the magic towards the bleachers?”
Recalling the situation at the time, Ji-on blushed.
Just as Uorin said, it was terrifying power. No matter how top-notch bodyguards were, there would have been casualties.
“That’s right! You declared war! It must have been revenge for my sword!”
“Do you think that went too far? It could be that he was just angry.”
“It’s the same anyway! The lowly thing ignored my suggestion! I won’t let you go!”
Then someone knocked on the gallery door.
Sensing that it was Arius, Zeon calmed down and went back to the table with his sister.
“come in.”
Arius opened the door and came in. It was the only place where you could meet Ji-on and avoid people’s attention, but the atmosphere was unusual today. Jumping over the shards of glass on the floor, he bowed politely.
“It’s been a while, First Prince. Oh, the young lady was there too.”
Ji-on gasped and snorted. In the current situation, even the title of first prince was nothing more than a façade.
“Sit down for now. I have something to tell you.”
Arius made a gesture of forgiveness and sat down on a chair, and Uorin poured tea.
Receiving the teacup with both hands, he turned to Ji-on and asked.
“What did you call me for? Are you tired of the object I brought you last time?”
Uorin waved her finger and corrected it.
“Ah, I didn’t save you. It was definitely sold for money.”
“haha! If you follow me, that’s how it will be. But do you know that it is not something that can be obtained with money? It is an object.”
Ji-on didn’t want to engage in trivial small talk.
“The object is not the problem.”
“Oh, what if?”
“Don’t turn around when you know it’s obvious! now it’s clear The reason why his father called Sirone to the royal castle. Is it to steal Akraxia?”
“It’s not Akraxia, it’s called Ataraxia. And what about robbery? If possible, please call it extraction.”
Ji-on took a deep breath and calmed down. If you got caught up in Arius’ clever conversation, you wouldn’t be able to get to the main point even after a day.
“so… … How far did that plan go?”
“Hmm, that’s difficult even for the first prince. First of all, since I belong to Your Highness, I cannot disclose confidential information.”
Zeon held out his hand to the north. As Armand flew in and clung to his hand, he immediately swung it and aimed it at Arius’ neck.
“Am I not kidding? You better speak straight.”
Arius took a sip of tea as if he only had time after the knife came in.
But there were many thoughts running through my head.
Ji-on is nothing more than a spoiled brat. Armand, on the other hand, was a cumbersome weapon. Although he had saved him, it was truly a waste of money for a lesser royal family to possess.
“If you ask me how far it has progressed… … Maybe 49 percent?”
It wasn’t a lie. Everything is half started, and I haven’t even started yet, so 49% is appropriate.
Uorin, realizing the meaning, burst into laughter, but Ji-on, as if thinking that he had made considerable progress, pressed forward with a surprised expression.
“Never stop. No, get rid of Ataraxia altogether. Would it be possible for a grave robber?”
Arius sighed.
He said he was like a pathetic guy. How could it be an archangel’s ability that came over to the world, but only a king or something could remove it as a great number?
Ataraxia was a treasure trove of mankind that should be analyzed someday, even if it was not robbed by itself.
“I will say it again, as a hired body of Your Highness… … .”
“I’ll give you any amount of money.”
Arius shut his mouth.
So far, he has made a huge amount of money trading with Zeon. Of course, he tends to enjoy robbery rather than money, but he broke up with Orkamp anyway. Lastly, if you make it big and carry it, wouldn’t it be possible to get a retirement pay?
“Hmm.”
Arius, lost in thought, finally revealed his true self.
When the cool snake’s eyes were exposed, Ji-on got goosebumps even while aiming the knife at him.
However, the pupil hidden by Arius’ slender eyes was not directed at Zeon, but at Urin.
‘It’s beautiful.’
It’s not something you’d feel for a fourteen-year-old girl, but she was wonderful. In addition to her mysterious appearance, Terra Zera was a truly desirable fruit with her halo.
So far, I’ve analyzed the minds of countless people, but I couldn’t figure out what Uorin was thinking.
When I first started working as a diver, there was a time when I indulged in the fun of looking into the secret desires of humans.
Desires that were truly muddy, ugly, and even grotesque.
But after more than 800 dives, no human spirit feels new.
In such a situation, Wu-rin was a resource that could show him a new world he had never experienced before.
If I could dive one last time before dying, the target would be Uorin, not Ataraxia.
“First, let me tell you the exact progress. Currently, Sirone’s Ataraxia cannot be extracted. Because it is encapsulated. But if you want, you can take out the whole ataraxia and give it to the prince.”
“Are you giving it to me? Ataraxia?”
“yes. The power of an archangel is to be possessed by the prince.”
Ji-on swallowed his saliva. At this moment, his face was pulled out of Orkamp.
No, anyone who confirmed the power of Ataraxia would have the same reaction.
However, he immediately recognized the error in his words, as if this was not the case for Uorin.
“Didn’t you just say extraction was impossible?”
“If it’s the normal way, yes. Ataraxia is presumed to be staying in the depths of Sirone’s consciousness. In a word, it is too deep. The deeper you dive into the psyche, the stronger the ego’s resistance. If it’s a deep-sea level, you’ll be buried as soon as you enter it.”
Zion gathered Armand and asked.
“But how are you going to dig?”
“There is one way.”
Arius intended to do the same as the offer he had made to Orkamp.
However, unlike before, it took off.
If the situation can be reversed, now is the last chance. The moment I bring out this proposal, I completely dislike Orkamp. He also said he had to leave Kazura as soon as the job was done.
“say! How can I have Ataraxia?”
As Zeon pressed on, Arius spoke in a cold voice.
“To harvest Sirone’s brain.”
Not only Ji-on, but also Woo-rin showed a surprised expression.
“Brain… … Are you extracting?”
“To be precise, it is to collapse Sirone’s unconscious. Consciousness is governed by the brain, but unconsciousness is connected to the body. Separation of the brain from the body thus significantly weakens the resistance of the ego, even down to the depths of consciousness. Of course, you don’t have to open up to the skull. It just needs the top of the neck.”
Arius pretended to slit his throat with his thumb.
Ji-on nodded as if he understood.
“In short, you can kill Sirone.”
“well. Because I don’t like inductive thinking. You don’t necessarily die just because your throat is cut, do you? I’m not trying to kill Sirone, I’m just telling you how to safely infiltrate your unconscious.”
Zion was inconsiderate. It is unlikely that the remarks made today were not related to the assassination of the candidate for the first prince.
“You don’t die by cutting your throat? Absolutely insane.”
Arius laughed as if he had been praised.
“There is something I learned while living as a grave robber, and there is no person in the world who is not crazy.”
Ji-on rejected the opponent for crazy words and went to the main point.
“If I bring Sirone’s head, can I extract Ataraxia?”
“If you ask if it is possible, it is possible. However, too much time should not pass. You have to go in at the same time as the throat is cut. ‘Just in case’, when death is reached, the mind also disappears.”
“So fast? If your head is cut off, your life will last only about 10 seconds.”
“In the unconscious, time passes slowly. The door is set up, so go in as soon as you cut Sirone’s head. From there you will dive to level 1. And then we dig the real Ataraxia. Then it will be yours.”
Ji-on inflates his cheeks and hoo! exhaled, and he walked around the gallery.
Even so, it’s an overt assassination. Maybe it’s too hasty?
no, this is correct As time goes by, the number of neutrals attached to Orkamp will increase. If anything had to be done before the paternity test results came out, today was the right time.
Arius read the killing spree in Zeon’s eyes and smiled with satisfaction. He was certainly more of a king than Orkamp.
Arius asked as if he had already heard the answer.
“Then, how much would you like to buy it for?”
Ji-on also responded by not refuting.
The negotiating table is now set. After thinking it through, he offered a reasonable bid.
“2.7 billion gold.”
Arius asked with a slightly unwilling expression.
“Hmm, Armand’s transaction price was 3 billion gold, right?”
“So what? Are you saying that bastard’s magic is worth more than my demonic sword?”
The 2.7 billion that Zion assumed was the amount that came out of that.
—————————————

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-282.txt
=============YYYYY=============
[282] 3. Late Night Ball (3)
“well. I’m just a seller. Since you saw the demonstration yourself, isn’t the original presentation made by the buyer?”
Zion bit his lip.
No matter how much you deny it, the reality is clear. Ataraxia had a much higher value than Armand. No, I wanted to have it by any means, regardless of its value.
“Four billion. It’s almost all of my possessions. Will this be enough?”
“Well, four billion.”
If it was 4 billion, it would be enough to build four magic schools at the current market price. But Arius didn’t like it.
Honestly, no matter how much I gave it, it was the same.
<Demonic Sword Armand> was also sold for 3 billion won, but if it was sold at Curia auction, it could have been presented with a blank check at least S grade or higher.
Nevertheless, the reason why it was not handed over to the auction is because it is a stolen property.
Of course, most of the objects are stolen goods, but there was room for the tails to be trampled on by the pursuers if the stolen items were put up for auction.
Money was not very important to Arius anyway, so selling it to Zeon, the safest, was the only business left.
When Arius showed that he was not satisfied with 4 billion, Jion became impatient. This is because the desire for something that is not easily obtained grows even bigger.
However, if the funds were stripped away, it would only add about 700 million won to the current amount.
Uorin would have ten times as much as 4.7 billion, but it would be foolish to waste money on a single opportunity to ask her for help.
Since Arius isn’t obsessed with material anyway, Ji-on decided to pull out the last card.
“In addition to that, I will make Theraje stand in line.”
As expected, Arius’ eyes sparkled.
Theraze, the emperor of Kashan, is one of the three emperors with the most power on the continent. If he can get her asylum, he won’t have to live as a fugitive anymore.
However, Jion did not have the authority to request personnel appointments. Uorin was the only gateway that could enter Theraze’s line.
Ji-on looked at his younger sister’s expression with a sidelong glance and asked.
“Uorin, can you do that?”
It’s the first request in my life, but I’m sure it will be the last request. With Ataraxia, you can win and win on your own.
Just once, just this one time.
“Then Sirone oppa is going to die?”
“Perhaps. There is no guarantee that you will die just because your head is cut off.”
Knowing that his sister has a crush on Sirone, Zion said the crazy thing that Arius did. But it was a pretty good pun to get around.
“Hmm.”
Uorin put a finger on her lips and looked up at the ceiling.
I don’t want to get involved in Kazura’s politics, but I feel sorry for Jion’s struggles lately, and on the other hand, I feel sorry for his incompetence. It seems like this will be the last chance anyway, so it’s good to patronize.
“OK got it. I’ll tell Mom.”
Ji-on let out a sigh of relief.
It was ironic to feel nervous about what a family could have done, but permission was granted anyway, so it didn’t matter anymore.
“Okay, the deal is done. 4 billion, plus Theraze line. Behead Sirone tonight. And bring me Ataraxia.”
Arius blinked and raised his hand.
“for a moment. Are you telling me to do that now?”
“What are you talking about? If the grave robber doesn’t do it, who will?”
“No, that’s because the prince doesn’t know, this is a profession. I am an expert in grave robbery, but combat is not my major. I especially hate seeing blood.”
Zion looked at him in bewilderment.
No matter how many non-combat mages there are in the world, they have the fighting power to overcome dangerous situations.
Is it reasonable to say that humans, who just a moment ago were raving about having to have their brains removed, say they don’t want to see blood?
“Does it make sense that you can’t fight? Still, isn’t Sirone going to win?”
“It is not a matter of winning or losing. Even if I eat all the swear words in the world, I am an authority in psychoanalysis. At one time, it was even listed as one of the world’s top 100 intellects. Can you imagine me holding a knife and decapitating an eighteen-year-old boy?”
“So what? Do you want me to go and kill you?”
“If you can do it, you better do it.”
When Arius raised his hand and pretended to pass it on, Jion gnashed his teeth. However, he couldn’t force him to do it even though the person concerned said he couldn’t do it.
“I can’t. I will.”
“Oh, as expected, Prince. You are manly.”
When Arius instigated it, Zion snorted. There were plenty of people who could secretly decapitate an eighteen-year-old boy without having to look outside.
“But I can’t have blood on my hands. I have no choice but to write a professional job here. Xenoger.”
Having said that, Ji-on looked into the void.
Sensing something, his gaze slowly descended and fixed on Arius’s shoulder.
Arius showed a firm smile as he stroked the back of his neck.
“Huh, this makes me scared to look back.”
As soon as Arius finished speaking, his life disappeared like a lie. And after a while, a man hung upside down in front of Arius came down.
A thin thread, apparently coming from the hip, was connected to the ceiling. The legs are crossed as if sitting, and both hands are gathered in the danjeon to form a circle.
His face was thin and his thin nose bent vertically from the bridge of his nose. Her lips were as thin as ever. In particular, the eyes were not the usual streamlined shape, but a perfect circle, and even that was small.
“Did you call, Prince?”
Zion turned to Arius and introduced him.
“Greetings. This is my personal bodyguard, Spatur Xenogger. Xenoger, this is Arius.”
Xenoger twisted the thread while hanging upside down to deflect it. That way he nodded to Zion, then turned back to Arius.
“Of course I know. Because I’ve seen it many times. Of course, this person will be seeing me for the first time.”
Arius smiled like an incontinence.
Obviously seeing Xenoger for the first time. However, he must have been watching himself every time he came to the gallery.
“Wow, that’s great workmanship. Where were you hiding?”
Xenoger replied with an emotionless face like a corpse.
“Are you hiding? I was always behind you?”
“Won, even kidding… … .”
Arius’s eyes narrowed even more.
maybe it’s true Unless there are eyes on the back of your head, the world behind your back doesn’t exist.
However, stepping on the back of the Madou 7 girls is not that easy, so it would be good for your mental health to think of it as a joke.
“Do you think it is a lie?”
As he said that, flesh bulged from both cheekbones and temples of Xenoger. Subsequently, the epidermis was split, and six additional eyes, three each, developed.
It had no pupils and had purple eyes like grapes.
8 eyes in total. Perhaps his blindness is 15 degrees at most.
‘A person with imitation ability… … .’
As expected by Arius, Xenoger was a master of spider mimicry, a type of skima taijutsu.
Mimicry means to create organs completely different from humans by rapidly transforming cell traits through schema.
However, in order to cause extreme mutations like Xenoger’s, genetic power must be added.
The Spatur clan, which has been responsible for the safety of the Theraze family for generations, has been transforming their bodies into spiders for nearly a thousand years. As it was passed on through genetics, it was equipped with the ability to mimic a perfect spider.
Arius looked away from Xenoger and looked at Uorin.
The children of Theraze always have personal bodyguards attached. Therefore, Uorin’s bodyguards must have been here as well.
Arius looked as wide as possible as far as the movement of his eyes allowed. But no matter where he looked, the assassin was nowhere to be seen.
perhaps… … She might have been standing behind her.
Thinking like that made me a little creepy.
He refrained from entering the Spirit Zone in front of the royal family because it could cause misunderstandings, but even if he explored with synesthesia, there was a high chance that he would not be caught.
This is because competent assassins acquire a unique skill that goes undetected by the Spirit Zone.
‘Whoa, this is why I can’t give up on this life.’
After the strange voice over, Ji-on went back to the main topic.
“Shall we plan a plan now? Xenoger will be in charge of killing Sirone, no, separating her brain from her body. If the head is cut off, you can go in and get Ataraxia.”
Arius was no longer dissatisfied.
“Of course it is. Mobility is sufficient. But the second thing to consider is stealth. No one but the people gathered in this room should know about the current operation.”
Zeon immediately understood and asked Xenoger.
“Can you do it without anyone knowing?”
“That doesn’t matter. If you follow someone, at some point you will definitely end up alone. If not, why not just kill everyone in the seat?”
“Of course, that could be one way. But I want to reduce the number of variables as much as possible.”
Arius said.
“The tricky thing is the two women. Reina has to do her job, so she can get away with it, but a woman named Amy will stick with Sirone. She is also the daughter of the Karmis family. If you leave her free, there may be variables.”
Hearing Arius’ words, Xenoger’s face again had 8 pupils.
Having activated his mimicry ability, he was a perfect spider. Even though he existed in front of my eyes, it felt like his reality had faded.
“There are no mistakes for me.”
Arius pushed his hands together and made a gesture to calm down.
“Whoa, it’s not that I don’t believe in my skills. But, assuming, it is.”
Ji-on, who was deep in thought with his chin on his chin, made a decision.
“Okay then let me hold Amy while you guys take care of your business. I’m killing you. Wouldn’t it be over in 5 minutes? Then, can I just hold it for about an hour?”
“Oh, that’s how you like it.”
Zion did not deny it.
“what… … Are you pretty? If it’s a one-night stand, it might be your preference.”
Arius was bitter at the words that came out of the boy’s mouth. Well, since I was born and raised in the royal castle, I had to see that the intensity of my experience was different from other adolescents.
In any case, he was not interested in the royal family. Steal the power of an archangel. That alone thrilled him.
“Then let’s set a place and time.”
While the three of them meticulously made plans, Woo-rin was left alone in a corner and had a boring time.
When I stroked the cat, it meowed and meowed. She smiled her eyes too and she replied meow.
@
The royal castle was in a festive mood.
Sirone, the candidate for the first prince, showed off his mighty majesty, so the servants were moved to tears even if they were forced to.
A grand party was held, and even after the sun had set, the Grand Hall was as bright as daytime.
Long tables were set up along the perimeter of the hall, and delicacies were served. Nobles and nobles chatted while the court musicians resounded.
The nobles who flowed along with the food that suits their taste greeted Sirone.
“The demonstration was good. That was a really great validation. The test results haven’t come out yet, but looking at your dance, it’s clear that Your Highness has blood, heh heh heh.”
As Sirone listened, the quick-witted noble responded.
“Is it possible? The reunion after 18 years is like that, and it’s all thanks to Your Highness’s merits reaching the sky. Sirone-sama thinks so too, doesn’t it?”
Sirone did not respond this time either.
don’t be fooled anymore The king’s laws and manners are nothing more than a mask to hide his true feelings. When you take off that mask, everyone has a cold face like you.
‘Are these people enemies or allies?’
It seemed that the royal family was destined to live with such thoughts for the rest of their lives.
The loudest person in the banquet hall was Eliza.
Even though she had never raised her, the compliments did not stop as if she knew everything about Sirone.
—————————————

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-283.txt
=============YYYYY=============
[283] 3. Late Night Ball (4)
Amy frowned more than Sirone.
Showing off is a virtue for royalty, but he didn’t seem to think that the more he did, the more dangerous Sirone was.
While checking the faces of the nobles gathered in the banquet hall, Sirone met eyes with a tall man on the other side.
Then the man burst into a hearty laugh and came across the hall diagonally.
“Hello Sirone! It’s late to say hello. There is braised lamb over there, which I like. Oops, sorry for the late greeting again. This is Captain Litney Walker. He is the general manager in charge of the security of the royal castle.”
Sirone smiled for the first time.
If he was in charge of security, he was a person who was also involved in the safety of his parents, so there was nothing wrong with looking good. Besides, she liked her unaristocratically direct attitude.
“hello. nice to see you.”
“Chuck! That’s right! There’s never any benefit to seeing a peace officer so often!”
He was a man of integrity. His face was marked by the cold of 60 years, but his body was bigger and stronger than anyone else in the banquet hall.
When Walker asked for a handshake, Sirone also joined hands.
At that moment, Walker’s eyes flashed, and waves of light rushed into Sirone’s head.
For a moment, Sirone felt as if the accident had stopped.
His dominance is on a completely different level from the snow technology he has experienced so far.
However, like a wizard who has reached the level of Geumgangtae, he did not give up the initiative.
Walker tilted his head as if wondering, then smiled as if he had realized it and solved the eye technique.
Sirone swallowed a heavy breath and looked at the walker. He had lost his mind and had no memory, but it didn’t feel particularly hostile.
“It’s great too. To endure the clearing.”
“clear? Is it an eye technique?”
“That’s right. It’s a skill that injects madness into the opponent. Prolonged exposure causes loss of consciousness. But it doesn’t work for Sirone-sama.”
Sirone opened his eyes lazily.
“You mean you tried to knock me out?”
“haha! It can’t be. That means madness is a powerful force. No matter how powerful it is, you can’t even think about anything if you get caught in the clear. Thanks to this, even mental magic is wiped clean. It’s the same logic as using hydrochloric acid to remove stains that cannot be removed with soap.”
Madness is the purest state of mind that humans can attain. Therefore, any thoughts must be swept away in the face of madness.
“As the person in charge of the security of the capital, I had the duty to examine Sirone-sama to see if she had been brainwashed. I’m sorry if I felt rude.”
Sirone understood Walker’s feelings.
This is the master bedroom of the kingdom, not a battlefield. It’s not just the visible threat that security officers should be concerned about.
“are you okay. If you’ve been brainwashed, you don’t know who you are. I feel comfortable when I get confirmation like this. I feel like I have been vaccinated.”
Walker scratched his head shyly.
“Actually, it didn’t come in perfectly. However, no one will be able to brainwash Sirone-sama if she can hold on to my skills that I have honed over the decades. If you’ve been brainwashed… … what would you do? It is impossible.”
Sirone wondered if she should laugh at this part. I thought it was too irresponsible for a peace officer to say.
Then Walker added with a wink.
“The Royal Castle is a difficult place to understand. It’s like having dozens of people with different surnames living in one house. Always protect yourself.”
Sirone belatedly understood the meaning and nodded.
“yes. I’ll keep it in mind. It was nice.”
Walker burst out laughing and crossed the hall again. A smile naturally formed on Sirone’s lips as he remembered Rian from the way he was sweeping up the braised lamb.
The meeting between Sirone and Walker was an event that drew the attention of many nobles. And Jion was also one of the people who witnessed the scene.
After confirming that Walker had left, Jion went behind Arius’ back and spoke to him while pretending to pick out food.
“Are you okay? It looks like Walker just tried to clear it.”
Arius was thinking about it too.
In the waiting room this morning, a door was installed in Sirone’s mind. If the clear went in properly, it could have had an impact.
“Certainly, clear is the natural enemy of spirit magic.”
“What, then, did you fail?”
Arius gave a relaxed smile.
“That is usually the case. Door is different from brainwashing or hypnosis. There is no need to interfere with the depths of consciousness. I installed it on the 11th level because I was afraid that this situation would come.”
“Are you sure? What if it breaks?”
“There is no such thing. If the clear had encroached on the surface, Shirone would have lost her consciousness. If you knock out the candidate for the first prince in the banquet hall where nobles gather, things will get bigger.”
The 11th level of the human mind is where other people’s thoughts flood in, so no matter how pure Sirone’s mind was, finding the door was like finding a needle in the sandy beach.
Even so, when Walker tried to clear it, goosebumps rose. He must have confirmed it as a security officer in a hurry, but he had to see that all floors below the ninth level were swept away.
‘There’s no way I could have thought that Sirone was really brainwashed. What are you suspecting?’
Litney Walker.
He was a royal palace security officer and a swordsman theorist who wrote Kazura Court Swordsmanship (Beginner).
The security officer was a position that could not be achieved only by being strong. It is necessary to understand the nature of politics in detail.
The fact that he tried to clear it immediately after Ataraxia’s demonstration was over was proof that he expected the existence of a fly attached to the archangel’s ability.
‘Then I must be within range. Of course, I’m not a fly.’
Zion asked.
“What are you going to do now anyway? Walker seems suspicious. Surely you’re not providing an excuse to get caught later?”
“Nothing to worry about. Walker is not an expert in mental magic, and Clear is a simple principle that has a wide range of applications. Why, they say that there is no cure-all but effective medicine? You can circumnavigate as many times as you like. Let’s proceed like this.”
“Right. I get it.”
Zeon put the food on his plate and walked away from Arius.
After parting ways with Walker, the nobles stopped talking to Sirone. Because he’s being cavorted by the peace officer and nothing good will come of it.
Seeing that Sirone was standing alone, Amy quickly approached and began talking to her.
“Sirone.”
“huh. how’s the party? fun?”
Amy shrugged.
“so so.”
“Me too. But what have you been up to?”
Amy pointed to her eyes.
“I checked with red eyes.”
“Look? what?”
“How many times do people glance at you?”
Sirone opened his mouth blankly.
Of course, self-image memory is difficult, but not impossible. But is it necessary to do such hard work?
“What information can I get from it?”
Amy pursed her lips.
“I don’t know. I didn’t have anything to do, so I just tried it, but there was definitely nothing special. You’re the star of the party, so it’s natural for people to glance at you.”
“haha! yes. You’re not saying you know that now, are you?”
Sirone joked, but Amy didn’t laugh.
“however… … I noticed one peculiar thing. If I checked correctly, there’s a bunch of people who never looked at you once as the party went on.”
Amy pointed to the other side with her chin, as if to check for herself. Where she turned her gaze, the wizards belonging to the magic department were gathered.
At that moment, the middle-aged wizard standing in the center of the group looked back at Sirone. It felt like my body was frozen by the gaze that cut out my mind.
“I’m Aimar Bossun, the Minister of Magic.”
“That person… … .”
Red Line Certified 4th Class Wizard.
I heard that he is a talented person who excels in many fields to the extent that there is no element he cannot handle, and he oversees overall food production in the Kingdom of Kazura.
Kazura, whose magical power is weak compared to other countries, has no official 1st class except for the president of the association. The head of magic was also a position held by a third-class wizard in Tormia.
But even so, Sirone was not a person who could dare to evaluate.
Bosoon looked at Sirone for a long time as if to relieve the feeling of frustration. Then he smiled and approached carrying the entire bowl of food on the table.
“hello. My name is Aimar Bossun.”
Sirone and Amy bowed their heads in greeting.
Aside from political inclinations, he was a sky-high senior in the 4th grade of the red line. Of course, Sirone is high in the royal castle, but respecting seniors was also a pride as a magician.
“I was impressed, the power of an archangel. It will become a great power of the Kazura Kingdom in the future. Of course, if Sirone-nim becomes the first prince.”
Sirone remained silent, nervous.
Even with the same provocation, it felt different from Ji-on. It felt like every word was stabbing me like a knife.
Bossun offered food brought from the table across from him.
“Would you like some?”
“no. I am… … .”
After checking the food, Sirone’s face turned pale.
It was chocolate dipped in cocoa powder called Fresh Truffles, the kind of lethally poisoned dessert that used to be served on family meals.
Life filled Sirone’s heart. Could it be that Bosun was trying to assassinate him?
No, none of that mattered. If he wasn’t a criminal, he was even worse.
Bossun, who was examining Sirone’s expression, tilted his head and asked.
“huh? Why? Hate chocolate? It’s really good.”
Sirone wanted to bite the lower jaw of Bossun who was chewing on the chocolate. He was excited enough to have such a radical thought.
Even so, Bosun was calm. This made Sirone even more angry.
“this… … !”
The moment a sound burst out without her knowing, Amy grabbed her hand.
It’s a trap. All nobles in the royal family know that fresh truffles are poisoned. Bossun only wanted to get on Sirone’s nerves.
Sirone also came to his senses and calmed down his anger.
When the provocation of conversion did not work, as expected, Bosun lost interest and took the plate.
“It was a pleasant meeting. Enough then.”
When Bossun returned, the wizards who hadn’t even looked at her until now laughed at Sirone.
He was a wizard who could not be treated carelessly by anyone. Sirone realized where he was.
“Sirone, are you okay? That kid deliberately provoked you. You held up well.”
“I know. He is a very bad person.”
It was late at night, but the banquet was not over.
Aristocrats also danced a traditional ballroom dance to the performance of court musicians, probably getting drunk. And now was the time for Sirone and the others to act.
When you drink alcohol and talk to women, something will come out. It was a strategy to eavesdrop on it with Reina’s powerful hearing.
According to the original plan, Sirone and Reina should be entering the ballroom by now. But when Amy looked over, Rayna was standing in her corner, staring at her.
He seemed depressed by the day’s work.
‘Was that kind of personality? It’s different from what it looks like on the outside.’
I didn’t hate the thought of him being a friendly person, but on the other hand, a corner of my heart was choking.
Anyway, since I have to work, I sighed and went to Reina. Then, he gently pushed his back and sent it to Sirone.
Then Reina pretended not to win and walked over to Sirone. But even there, he hesitated for a long time.
Sirone smiled and held out his hand. It was on his mind that he had been angry during the day.
“Shall we begin?”
When Sirone treated her comfortably, Reina regained her playfulness.
“How many times have you learned from nagging, but you must be sad if you don’t use it?”
Reina walked around the ballroom under Sirone’s lead. Countless couples passed by her in the same dance.
Musicians can hear certain notes out of tune even when dozens of instruments are playing. To Reina, the human voice is like a musical instrument, so a lot of information has been collected.
They say that you need to book a vacation home for your summer vacation from now on. It is said that the bank that creates the slush fund needs to be changed. Since the boundary is strict, the promise of a secret meeting to meet in the room.
If you have a big deal ahead of you, it will show up in the conversation in one way or another. However, considering only the information received so far, no special atmosphere could be detected.
—————————————

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-284.txt
=============YYYYY=============
[284] 3. Late Night Ball (5)
“Today seems to pass quietly. Still, it is forbidden to be careless.”
Sirone responded with a smile.
She didn’t go this far simply to dig up high-level information. I appreciated Reina’s efforts to reassure herself.
“I’m sorry about the day. I guess my nerves have become sensitive.”
“Huh, it’s okay. don’t worry too much I’ll do my best to protect it. Anyway, relax a bit. If you’re that hard, you might fall.”
As Sirone loosened up his body, the two performed a beautiful dance like flowing water.
They were the most beautiful couple in the banquet hall.
“Ho Ho! They are a really good pair. How can Sirone-sama be so beautiful? It must be because I inherited Your Highness’ lineage.”
“What about your partner? He is said to be a very famous musician in the kingdom of Tormia. She has such a good impression, she is a girl who makes me feel good just by looking at her.”
Amy stood side by side with the ladies in conversation. She definitely stood apart from the rest of her couple even as she looked.
‘Why is it so late?’
Amy checked the time and realized it was taking much longer than originally planned. She thinks she’s got some new information when someone approaches.
Amy was startled when she saw Ji-on and set her manners.
“Hello, Prince.”
“So, is the banquet fun?”
“yes. I like everything.”
Zion smiled contentedly. He felt like a prince for the first time when he dealt with Amy, who was at a loss after only dealing with Shiro, who knew the royal family in a funny way.
“how is it? Can I ask for a partner for a moment?”
Amy looked at Ji-on’s outstretched hand.
According to the law, another partner must be present to deny a partner request.
However, since Sirone was dancing with Reina, there was no reason to refuse. It was clear that she had probably approached this far with thought.
“yes. It is an honour.”
Amy took Zion’s hand and entered the ballroom.
Kazura’s traditional dance is his first time, but thanks to his outstanding dancing skills and Hong’an’s ability, he was able to work with Ji-on without difficulty.
The gaze of the aristocrats moved to Zeon and Amy this time.
Praise equaled to that of the Sirone and Reina couple. lovely. beautiful. virtuous, etc.
Amy’s face flushed. Is this what it feels like to be a princess?
But the inspiration ended there.
I never thought about becoming a princess. Though day by day he thinks of becoming the greatest wizard in the world.
‘You’re surprisingly naive. Unexpected?’
Ji-on saw the shy Amy and thought that she had already crossed the 7th ridge. From the experience of having an affair with an aristocratic woman since he was 12 years old, he knew what was going on.
“It is beautiful.”
Amy felt attacked.
Is this kid sane now? I was embarrassed and wanted to scream.
However, the seat was a seat, so I couldn’t express it.
As she continued to dance while boiling her emotions inside, her eyes collided head-on with Sirone, who approached from the other side.
It was truly fleeting.
Sirone seemed surprised. Even in that short moment, it was transmitted that he was asking something with his eyes.
Amy hurriedly averted her gaze.
I don’t know why. It seems that he was afraid to look into Sirone’s eyes.
I belatedly thought that I shouldn’t have done that, but it was already far away.
Ji-on smiled when the steps started to get tangled as things got complicated in his head. She seemed to think it was because she was nervous about being in her arms.
“Be comfortable. Because no one can look down on you as long as you are with me.”
Ji-on liked Amy. The feeling was different from that of the bare-footed aristocrats. Her Amy’s dance stopped abruptly at that point as I pulled her waist tight at the thought of her being adorable.
It was the result of my body reacting before I even thought about it. It was only natural that the attention of the aristocrats would be focused.
Amy was confused with her red face, but quickly came up with a way.
“Oh, I am a little tired. Enjoyed.”
As if he had intended to quit from the beginning, he paid his respects and turned around, and a miasma flashed in Ji-on’s eyes. Immediately, Ji-on pulled Amy’s wrist and whispered in a low voice.
“We took over the recruits of Vincent and Olina.”
Amy quickly scanned the crowd with shocked eyes. She was trying to locate Sirone.
Zion threatened with a threatening tone.
“That is not good. Don’t let anyone know and follow me quietly. Then Sirone’s parents will release you safely.”
Amy looked away and put on a nonchalant expression. Her biggest problem was that she couldn’t tell the truth.
Reina’s attendants were supposed to report the situation every hour, and the last report came in 32 minutes ago.
Is it difficult to get things done in those 32 minutes? Or is it enough time?
Amy followed Zion as if nothing had happened.
I don’t know what the intention is to do this, but I don’t think it’s the key.
Anyway, after 28 minutes, Reina moves. If they endured until then, the crisis could have been another way out.
‘Of course I’ll have to live first.’
As the two held hands and went out, the nobles finally cleared their doubts. It was not uncommon to see young men and women running out of her hall on fire.
Jion’s insides were bubbling as he dragged Amy along.
The strategy of using Sirone’s parents was Plan B proposed by Arius. She boasted that she could make any woman fall for her, so her pride wasn’t hurt all that much.
‘it’s okay. It’s okay if you pull it out anyway. I’ve done my job, Arius.’
Without Amy, Sirone is isolated. Reina had to manage the overall affairs of the castle, so he wouldn’t be able to take charge of Sirone. Even if he knew it belatedly and moved, by then Sirone’s neck would already be rolling on the floor.
‘Hehehe, goodbye, Sirone.’
@
Reina looked puzzled at Sirone, who suddenly stopped dancing. She didn’t even seem to notice that her legs weren’t moving.
“Sirone, what’s wrong? what’s the matter?”
“Uh, that… … Where is Amy going with Ji-on?”
Rayna looked around hurriedly. As Sirone said, the two were nowhere to be seen.
As she investigates, Ji-on is not inclined to reveal women. But she didn’t hate it the way men her age did, so there weren’t very few women who had a night out.
Simply put, he might have taken an interest in Amy.
Amy was a girl so beautiful that even royalty could fall in love with her, and with Zion’s personality, even Sirone’s friend wouldn’t be harsh.
The problem was Amy. What the hell did he hear, so he followed Zeon?
Reina looked at Sirone. She pretends to be nonchalant, but her gaze is fixed on the door.
She smiled bitterly and pushed Sirone on the back. No matter who tried to stop it, sending it first was a business that remained.
“Go. Why don’t you go and ask Amy?”
“may I?”
“What are you talking about? you’re a friend go quickly I’ll clean this up.”
“then… … I’ll be back.”
Sirone looked up and turned around. But from then on, I walked out of the Grand Hall without looking back.
Reina put her hand on her waist and sighed.
‘Did I get stuck in the middle and bother you too much? Ha, how do I fix this personality?’
In any case, now was not the time to judge feelings.
The reason why Sirone was sent first was that it was time for an attendant to come sooner or later. Amy is important, but the parents’ vigilance couldn’t be neglected either.
‘huh? parents?’
The moment I thought about it, an idea came to my mind.
Amy is not a child who will fall for Zeon’s tricks. Still, what was her motive for following without speaking?
‘no way?’
Rayna stomped on the floor.
It was not the time to wait for an attendant. No, if he had used his hand from the other side, there was a greater chance that he would not come. After checking her time, she ran to the lodging where Vincent and Olina were staying.
4. Theraje’s Proposal (1)
Sirone ran to the royal apartment.
He followed Ji-on as quickly as possible, but he had already disappeared. First of all, I was thinking of going to Zion’s room.
‘Why did you follow Zeon?’
There must have been a good reason, but whatever it was, it didn’t feel right. I kept getting strange emotions, so my thoughts couldn’t connect as quickly as usual.
Arriving at Ji-on’s room, Sirone stopped involuntarily the moment she tried to turn the doorknob.
I had a bad idea. The image of Amy dancing with Ji-on came to mind.
Why did she avert her gaze? If there was a specific reason, she should have sent a signal. Because the Amy he knew was such a child.
‘I… … Am I doing something wrong?’
Unless it’s just what you think. Also, if that’s what you think.
Sirone hurriedly shook his head.
Amy is not one to be rash in the face of big things. Her thought of this was rather an insult to her.
Sirone made up her mind and opened the door.
There was no one in the brightly lit room. But there were people. I saw Wu Orin moving her steps towards the table.
“Uorin? why are you here… … ?”
Woorin sat down on the chair. Seeing her petting the cat on her lap, she seemed oblivious to who had entered.
But now, even Sirone realized that the actions she saw were not important.
“Uorin. Where is Zion now… … .”
“sit down please.”
Uorin stopped talking and offered a seat. It was an unusually dignified voice.
Sirone swallowed and sat across from me.
“Why are you in Zion’s room? I didn’t see you at the ballroom.”
“I think my brother is coming. So I waited.”
It was as Sirone expected. She knew what was going on in the royal castle.
“Where is Zeon?”
“well. It must be somewhere, whatever.”
Uorin looked around as if she wasn’t interested.
Sirone was frustrated. But she didn’t do anything stupid to bother her.
He has already revealed all of his will at the demonstration site. All that was left was her choice.
As the silence grew longer, Uorin spoke first.
“Why did you do that?”
Sirone strained his eyes and glared at her.
Not knowing doesn’t make sense So, the current question was not the point.
“Why did you unlock all powers? That would be tantamount to a declaration of war against the Theraze faction. Because of that, Ji-on oppa got very angry.”
“Because if I messed up, you wouldn’t help me.”
Uorin put on a puzzled expression, but Sirone was not fooled by the mask. That, too, was what Uorin realized.
“You are different from Zion. Because he is the queen’s heir. Kazura’s situation is only a part of you who dream of becoming an emperor.”
“is that so? Well, you and I both want to cling to my power. The same goes for Sirone’s older brother.”
“It could be. But ataraxia must have a different meaning to you too?”
Uorin’s eyes showed interest for the first time.
“What is different?”
“The emperor of the Kashan Empire is the head of the Valkyries. And because Ataraxia is the highest archangel ability in Valkyrie. Then it must be worth using for you too.”
Uorin nodded her head obediently. It was also true that if Sirone’s ataraxia wasn’t as impressive as it was today, there would be no reason to help him.
“that’s right. Seeing her brother’s ability, she changed her mind a little. Ataraxia will be of great help to me becoming emperor.”
“So help me. If you want, I’ll graduate from magic school and be by your side. So please don’t touch my family and friends.”
Wu Lin burst into laughter.
“A little naive, too.”
“what?”
“How many archmages do you think will submit their resumes to me in one year? If you thought you would only cling to one Ataraxia, you’d be mistaken. I’m not ignoring my brother’s talent, but he’s still just a student, right?”
—————————————

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-285.txt
=============YYYYY=============
[285] 4. Proposal of Theraje (2)
“So you can’t accept me?”
Uorin scratched her cheek with an apologetic expression.
“I want to help too, but there are daughters of my rival, Theraze, in many kingdoms. Especially since I’m young, I don’t want to stand out yet. Kazura isn’t a very good base either. There’s no need to set things up in advance and become a target for the unnies, right?”
Sirone naturally felt bitter. 14 years old. It was the age of the girl sitting in front of her eyes.
‘You’re really amazing, Uorin.’
He also realized how stupid he was a few days ago.
It’s creepy even now when I figured out the true nature of Wangseong, but before that, what did I try to do with a woman like this?
“good. If there is no room for negotiation, I will quit. I need to find Amy.”
Sirone rose from her seat as if she didn’t need to hear any more.
If it was his misunderstanding, everything would go to the worst, but even so, it was unavoidable.
No matter how great the danger, there are no fools in the kingdom who miss the time to act.
“I wish you good luck.”
The moment I heard Wu Lin’s goodbye, my heart sank. But she didn’t show it and walked towards the door.
There should be no hesitation or fear. I really need to give up everything and leave this room.
‘There is no need for ataraxia. Will it be so?’
Maybe it wasn’t that important to Uorin.
However, if there is any benefit, no matter how trivial it is, I do not want to give it to others.
Sirone held on to her small hope like a lifeline and walked on.
Even while holding on to the doorknob and turning it, there was no response from Urin.
When the door opened, my eyes closed tight.
With this, everything is over.
“But if… … .”
Sirone’s steps stopped abruptly.
“I give in as much as possible… … So if you count on her brother’s future.”
Sirone slowly turned around and looked back at Uorin.
“You can get a chance to negotiate with me, Therazze’s daughter.”
“An opportunity to negotiate?”
Even if Ataraxia is mortgaged, the only thing that can be obtained is a seat at the negotiating table? It was also an opportunity that could only be obtained by paying for one’s own future.
“yes. It’s a negotiation. I just can’t help. I said it before, but I don’t want to put myself in danger. I have one condition. It won’t be a particularly difficult condition, but if you accept this condition anyway, I’ll be on your side.”
Sirone lifted her chin as if to say something.
“Tonight, spend the night with me.”
“What, what?”
It was absurd considering the conditions put forward at the point where we reached the end of the fierce psychological warfare. What did he have to spend the night with her?
As if reading Sirone’s thoughts, Uorin added.
“Do not worry. Because I didn’t mean it that way. It just means stay with me tonight. what… … I don’t mind trying it if you think of anything else.”
Sirone’s expression crumpled.
“What are you talking about? You are my half-sister.”
“That’s what we know after the paternity test is over. And it doesn’t really matter. Same-sex marriage is a common occurrence with royalty where a kingdom passes by wedlock.”
Sirone couldn’t understand. She felt as if she had been solving difficult exam questions in succession and had finally encountered a nonsense quiz.
“Why? What does that condition have to do with helping me?”
Uorin sighed reluctantly, and then spoke for the first time.
“In the Theraze family, women take the throne for generations. I don’t know how it sounds, but to us men are just tools that are consumed according to use. That’s why Thera Ze’s daughter doesn’t keep a man with another woman in her heart. If you want to go to someone named Amy, it means I can’t accept you either.”
Sirone agreed. For a woman from Theraje family, it was no wonder that she had such iron rules.
But Uorin was mistaken. Amy was her best friend in the world.
“I see what you mean. But I do not hold Amy in her heart.”
The corner of Wu Lin’s mouth went up slightly.
“Looks like Ji-on is interested in her.”
Something hot rose from Sirone’s chest.
“Of course, nothing will happen if she refuses. Even so, her brother has a strong sense of self-esteem, so he does not forcefully treat a woman who rejects him.”
If Uorin’s words were true, it was fortunate. But the fire that was already burning in his heart showed no signs of being extinguished.
Uorin said as she crossed her palms.
“Okay then let’s do this. I just want to confirm my brother’s feelings. From this moment on, I will ensure everyone’s safety as well as Amy’s. Even now, all you have to do is ask someone to give you instructions. Only if you will stay with me tonight.”
I don’t know what kind of threat Amy was subjected to to follow Zeon, but if she accepts Uorin’s offer, she can escape safely. Plus, the safety of her family and Reina is guaranteed. She had no reason not to accept.
“Zion… … Where did you take Amy?”
“I can’t reveal it yet, until my brother makes his decision. It’s very simple. My brother just needs to trust me. She reassures me that I have priority over her.”
The trembling that started at the fingertips spread to the whole body. Everything was going in his favor, but he couldn’t make a decision.
because it cannot be verified.
Were humans bound by the five senses? What on earth should he believe and follow her?
There is no proof that Uorin isn’t helping Zeon. If Uorin lied, then Amy is in great danger.
“Why are you hesitating? I’m Theraze Uorin. Not only do you not lie, but isn’t this offer what you wanted? I’ll be fair to you if you prove that you don’t have another woman on your mind. I will not spare my support to develop my brother’s skills, and if he becomes emperor later, he can also become the world’s best wizard.”
It was like a dream to Sirone. And she had the ability to turn that dream into reality.
Even the archmage writes his resume because he wants to work under Uorin. Such a huge opportunity was right in front of me.
Deep in thought, Sirone finally made a decision.
“I’m going to Amy. I will never accept the offer.”
Uorin sighed in frustration.
“Are you going to pass up a great opportunity to connect with Theraze? No, more than anything else, she can protect the family her brother cherishes so much. But are you thinking of ruining everything just because of a woman?”
“that’s right. I intend to do that.”
Uorin shut her mouth as if shocked. However, there was no sign of resignation or regret on Sirone’s face.
“But, Uorin, that’s all for humans. Only what you see and feel is the real world. Even if you really do save Amy, if I can’t confirm it, it’s just a world that doesn’t exist. I cannot leave the visible danger to Amy in the safety of the invisible. That’s why I have to go to Amy.”
Sadness passed in Uorin’s eyes.
“It is a very difficult life. It’s easy if you just choose.”
Sirone smiled bitterly. He often thinks like that himself. But those are the shackles of intellect. As long as I knew it, there was no way I wouldn’t do it.
“I know it was a great opportunity. How far you, the emperor’s heir, have made concessions to help me. I never doubt you But I have to go.”
Uorin walked over to Sirone. Then he hugged him and buried his face.
“My brother is such an idiot. I’m sorry I couldn’t do anything for you. Personally, I really liked my brother. I wish you the best of luck in your future.”
Then he took a couple of steps back and revealed the information Sirone wanted to know.
“Go to the gallery. It’s the only place where you can avoid people’s attention. It’s also where my brother goes whenever he seduces women.”
A fire burned in my heart again. As Sirone finished preparing to leave, Wu Orin took something out of her pocket.
“for a moment. Take this.”
Sirone received a small object thrown by Uorin.
When I opened my palm, I saw that it was a red glowing marble. In terms of color, it seemed to be ruby, but it lacked the cold texture of gemstones.
“This… … ?”
“It’s the price of El Crouch’s porcelain doll. It will easily exceed 100 million.”
“no. I really have a present for you… … .”
“Of course I know what you mean. But reason and emotion are two separate things. Now that the negotiations have broken down, I can’t be in debt to you, can I?”
Having said that, Sirone had no choice but to accept it.
Humanly, I felt like it, but politically, I was now South-South. It was good for each other’s future to clean up the Eun-Won relationship.
“okay. I’ll put it to good use when I graduate later.”
Sirone put the marble in her pocket and walked to the door.
Then, suddenly, I stopped and looked back at Uorin. Come to think of it, she really helped her a lot.
At dinner, he saved his parents’ face and supported their insistence on attending magic school.
In the gallery, he introduced objects, and in the Colosseum, he gave advice on realizing the true nature of the royal castle.
Now, in exchange for porcelain dolls, they have escape funds. 100 million gold would be of great help in the situation of being pursued by the king.
“thank you. from the beginning until now. Now that I think about it, I wouldn’t have been able to make it this far without you.”
“Whoops, even in hell there is water to drink.”
Uorin responded with Kazura’s proverb.
It is said that there is hope even in difficult situations, but if you think about it upside down, it also means that a little hope intensifies the pain.
“haha! That makes sense.”
Realizing the situation she was in, Sirone burst out laughing and left Ji-on’s room.
“Whoa.”
As the door closed, Uorin let out a deep breath. She then walked around her room with her hands behind her back, which she didn’t normally do for her.
“Arian sironera… … .”
Stopping, she quickly looked back at the door.
Her eyes, with a cool smile, were stained with madness, like a child with the best toy of her life.
“You’re not really a normal bet are you?”
Uorin burst into laughter and gallantly returned to her seat and sat down on the chair. Crossing her legs and resting her chin on her table, she stared at the door Shiroone had left.
Of what Uorin had just said to Sirone, the truth was less than 10 percent.
everything was a lie He had no intention of interfering with Sirone or guaranteeing Amy’s safety.
It was also not true that Ji-on had strong self-esteem.
Rather, the woman he marked as the target was a human being who would destroy it regardless of means and methods.
So, if Sirone had stayed with him tonight, his life would have been completely ruined.
“Humans have no sense of trusting others. Isn’t that right, Cleo?”
Meow.
Uorin’s cat answered. It’s unlikely that he could have understood what people were saying, but it didn’t change anyway.
There is no way humans can trust humans.
However, people live by ignoring the very easy truth just because the idea is not beautiful.
Those who acknowledge the truth and those who turn away.
In that small difference, she thought, all the rulers and subjects in the world were divided.
Uorin tilted her head over the back of the chair and smiled faintly as she looked up at the ceiling.
“If you repeat yourself like that, you might be able to reach it someday.”
The cat didn’t answer.
—————————————

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-286.txt
=============YYYYY=============
[286] 4. Proposal of Theraje (3)
@
‘quickly!’
Reina ran towards the annex at full speed.
The situation becomes serious when Theraje faction tries their hand at Sirone’s parents. At the same time, I also felt guilty. I should have paid a little more attention.
‘No, this is for the best. I’ve tightened up all the security I can… … .’
If so, it means that the other party committed it without thinking about the consequences. It occurred to me that perhaps all of the attendants were annihilated.
The question was, why at this point?
Sending an assassin on the first day was exquisite.
But now, on this side, he was fully prepared. There was no reason to pursue a high-risk return strategy in a situation where the tide of battle would reverse if the tail was stepped on.
After entering the annex, Reina turned towards Vincent’s dorm. At the same time, in a corner, she bumped into an attendant from the House of Augent.
“omg! Miss Raina!”
Reina pushed the attendant away and ran into the room.
“Get out of the way! What happened?”
Upon opening the door and entering, Vincent and Olina looked at each other curiously. It was not a particularly upsetting atmosphere.
Vincent was carving with a block of wood while Olina was drinking cocoa under a blanket.
“Lina-sama, what’s going on? Your complexion is not good.”
“Ah, there… … .”
Reina was speechless at Vincent’s question.
The two are unharmed. Then why did Amy follow Zeon?
The attendant who returned to the room belatedly asked with a red face.
“My lady, what the hell is going on? Why are you here all of a sudden?”
Rayna hurriedly came to her senses.
“Ah, that… … I came to patrol because I wanted to see if you were doing well.”
The attendant let out a sigh of relief.
“Phew, I thought it was something big. I was just on my way to report it. There is nothing wrong here.”
Olina asked with a worried expression.
“Isn’t that what happened? What about Sirone?”
As expected, the touch of a mother thinking of her children was sensitive. Reina swallowed her saliva and hastily made up her words.
“I am still in the banquet hall. I’m having a good time with Amy, so don’t worry.”
Olina seemed relieved at the word Amy. She said that if something happened to Shirone, she would have come running here too.
“is it so. Do not worry. We are doing well.”
“Ho Ho! yes. Then rest in peace. I’ll be right back too.”
Reina, who tried to smile, immediately moved to the other side as soon as she left the room.
Sirone’s parents were unharmed. But Amy wouldn’t have been able to confirm that fact. If so, that means she was threatened. Why Amy?
Rayna stopped jolting and spoke out loud.
“Sirone.”
Worst case scenario.
It was the effect of the ataraxia demonstration that did not detect any danger in the banquet hall. It means that most of the neutrals became friendly to Orkamp.
But that made Ji-on pull out the real sword. No matter how much I thought about it, there was only one reason why I dropped Amy while lying to me.
He intends to see the end of it tonight.
‘I thought I’d just let it go because the atmosphere was good, but I didn’t know that Jion would move on his own. That’s why no intelligence came in.’
It wasn’t the time to be like this. Since the attendant had just come out of Vincent’s accommodation, it had to be said that it had been over 20 minutes since he and Sirone had parted.
Reina opened the Sound of Silence, a skill for schema ears. As his hearing strengthened, he began to collect even the smallest sounds from the royal castle.
Now, if you try to follow Sirone, it will be too late. If there was a high decibel on either side, that was the center of the incident.
@
Amy followed Zeon into the gallery in the basement.
I don’t know if it was quiet in the basement of the castle from the beginning or if Jion tried to do something in advance, but not a single ant cub passed by.
Come to think of it, since the banquet was going on until late at night, it was time for the attendants who were not in charge to sleep.
Amy thought it was better.
Although Zeon is a member of the royal family, his actual military strength is at the level of nobles of his age. He received elite magic lessons from a young age, and he was able to subdue any number of times depending on the opportunity.
Therefore, this space filled with silence is the best situation for her. This is because she can beat up Ji-on without anyone noticing.
‘If possible, even killing… … .’
It’s embarrassing to hurt people, but with Sirone’s parents in captivity, that thought was just a luxury.
Ji-on entered the cave of the gallery with a gentlemanly smile. Amy saw that the door was double installed and she had the same thought as Sirone.
‘I’ll have to save at least two feet to break down the door.’
However, those thoughts disappeared when I saw the leisurely scenery of the gallery.
It was a room where all kinds of items were collected.
I don’t know what they’re used for, but at least they weren’t good for torturing or harming someone.
Amy looked at the northern display case, which was the only weapon that could be used.
Experts would know how well the blade was sharpened, but the single sword reflected in the eye was exuding sharpness on its own.
“Where are Sirone’s parents?”
Ji-on raised a corner of his mouth playfully and said.
“parents? well. Should I even know that?”
Amy’s eyes grew cold.
“Did you cheat on me?”
Ji-on checked the time. An hour from now was the execution time. The reason why the timing of the assassination was not fixed was because the strategy was planned with a small number of people.
Some flexible situations inevitably occur, but on the other hand, it also has the advantage of being able to flexibly deal with variables.
‘It’s an hour… … .’
I suddenly felt sorry. Amy was a really nice woman. If you are with such a beauty, wouldn’t an hour be the same as a fleeting moment?
Anyway, Xenoger and Arius will finish the job while we kill time here. All he had to do was receive the rolling Ataraxia and eat it.
“I’m sorry I lied to you. But I believe you will understand. It takes a certain amount of white lies to seduce a beautiful woman, right?”
Amy didn’t want to hear it. Thinking that since he had cheated first, a certain amount of rudeness could be tolerated, he shot back.
“I will go back. I will refrain from doing this in the future.”
“okay? Can you really see this?”
When Ji-on opened his fist, the necklace with the golden cross pendant came down. Just looking at the precision of the craftsmanship, I could tell that it was an expensive item.
But Amy snorted.
I don’t know how many people have fallen for this trick, but the Karmis family is also a famous family in the kingdom of Tormia.
Even if I handed her a diamond, I was confident that I would not blink an eye.
“What are you doing? Are you trying to ingratiate yourself with something like this?”
Ji-on approached with a sneer as if he knew that.
“Is it just that? How about taking a closer look?”
Amy glanced at the pendant.
Since the royal family didn’t have to carry alloys, it must have been pure gold. Upon closer inspection, it was large enough to be extracted by melting about 500 gold coins.
There was a pearl embedded in the center, and it was unusually iron-colored with a metallic color.
It was far from the beautiful color of natural pearls.
The shape was perfect, but it was not something a woman could wear for beauty.
‘What is it? What is this… … .’
Amy suddenly realized.
I remembered reading it in a book. A pearl with a dark iron color. It was the pearl of the celestial clam that lives in the deep sea of Alcantira.
According to geologists’ research, the Alcantira Gorge has the deepest sea in the world.
Since not a single point of light comes in and the water pressure is enormous, it is impossible for fishermen to collect it, and it can only be entered through a national construction project involving wizards.
It is known that the durability of clams to withstand the water pressure of the deep sea makes a chemical substance that is harder than adamantine.
That means it is one of the hardest materials in the world.
In addition, the shape is also a perfect sphere, so industrial uses are endless.
Of course, few people would buy these items with money, but from what I read in the book, I heard that the Pearl of the Celestial Shell can replace the ball bearing of an ancient weapon, so at least one cost 200 million.
Therefore, it was also used as currency in transactions between kingdoms where it was not easy to carry a huge amount of gold coins.
‘These are the pearls of the Celestial Clam… … .’
It is presumed that the reason why ancient weapons that came before history can exist is because they are made of the hard rock of heaven.
However, no matter how ancient a weapon is, the parts of its movable organs will inevitably wear out. In order to replace that accessory, it must have at least the durability of a pearl of the Celestial Shell.
200 million gold for one ball bearing.
It was possible to guess how much money the kingdom was spending on maintaining the function of the ancient weapons.
‘Huh. I’m done with this.’
Ji-on assumed that the reason she was silent was that they were in conflict.
Of course, shouldn’t that be the case? What he handed over was not a jewel, but currency traded between countries.
“As expected, I have a taste. Most nobles don’t sign their wedding vows with diamonds. Because that hardness means unbreakable love forever. But this is a pearl of the terracotta clam which is harder than that. Among the royal family, only the direct line could be used as a gift. How about promising our future with this?”
Ji-on smiled as he prepared to put on the necklace.
Of course, he doesn’t seduce any woman with the pearls of the celestial clam. Even if it was a really nice woman, it was crazy to readily hand over 200 million gold.
But he didn’t mind giving away all the objects in this room, not 200 million gold.
Because if Sirone dies, Amy will be finished anyway.
“I fell in love with you from the moment I first saw you. Will you accept my heart?”
Finally, Ji-on made a confession of conversion. Amy looked blankly at the figure.
Seeing Theraze’s blood relative and the first prince of the Kingdom of Kazura wooing him with pearls from the Celestial Shell would be a scene many noble women dreamed of. That’s why Amy, who wasn’t particularly impressed, wondered if she was rather abnormal.
But it was really dull. Hearing Ji-on’s confession, the first thought that came to his mind was that he should stop going back to Sirone.
“sorry. I am grateful to the prince for taking care of me, but I cannot accept such a burdensome gift.”
Ji-on made an absurd expression.
It was the first time a woman had been so unconcerned even after seeing the pearls of the Cheonwang clam. No matter how noble you are, a whopping 200 million is rolling in at once. Even if he wasn’t interested in himself, he was bound to grab the hand he extended.
Ji-on, thinking that he couldn’t hold on to Amy at this rate, decided to present a card that would surely attract her while he was overdoing empty checks.
“Then how about this one? let me give birth to my child You can become royalty.”
Amy put on a puzzled expression.
‘The blood didn’t even dry on my head… … .’
Aristocrats also get marriages of convenience, but the royal family goes even further than that. He knows that his own blood has great value.
Well, maybe it’s true. Even now, women who want to conceive a prince are lining up in the world.
But Amy didn’t want to be royalty. That’s why Zion’s words were close to insulting.
“I will go back. I don’t think I have anything more to say to the prince.”
Amy walked to the door without waiting for an answer.
“this… … !”
Ji-on pulled Amy’s wrist as strongly as her wounded pride. Amy hurriedly shook off her hand and stepped back. Her wrists tingled from how hard she squeezed.
‘To think that the prince of a country showed such rudeness.’
Amy caressed her wrist and glared at Ji-on.
“What is this?”
There was emotion in the way he spoke, but it was Ji-on who was really angry.
“How dare you reject me? Only nobles!”
Amy felt like she had heard a novel curse.
The royal family of Tormia also gave up Karmis. But that kind of thinking made Amy realistic. After all, it was Theraze’s son who was here, not a member of the royal family.
—————————————

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-287.txt
=============YYYYY=============
[287] 4. Proposal of Theraje (4)
“Anyway, didn’t you expect and follow along? Do you know what an honor it is to come into my bedroom?”
“I must have told you no.”
“Huh, arrogant. You do not know the subject.”
As Ji-on gritted his teeth, he regained his smile as if a good idea came to his mind.
“good night. Then, as royalty, I give orders. Listen to me tonight.”
“I don’t like it. No matter how royal the prince is, I am a nobleman of Tormia. We do not follow the orders of other countries.”
“okay? Are you that good? So what about this one? If you don’t fall into my arms tonight, I will go to war with Tormia.”
Amy looked at Ji-on with a puzzled expression.
“Do you think it is impossible? Kazura is destined to fall into my hands anyway. When I become king, I will conquer Tormia first. The country will perish because of you.”
It was not an impossible situation at all. Because if Zeon becomes the king of Kazra, Theraze will spare no aid so that he can expand his power.
Accepting Amy’s slowly lowering her head as a sign of resignation, Ji-on smiled meanly.
But at that moment, a cold voice flowed from Amy’s mouth as she looked down.
“Do it if you can.”
“what?”
“If you want to go to war, do it.”
“I don’t mind. Are you going to leave now?”
How nobles and the like would not dare to use honorifics for the first prince. However, compared to Amy’s words that she was willing to go to war, it was not even absurd.
“Did you really think my words were a joke? If so, you will definitely regret it.”
Amy couldn’t help but burst into laughter.
“You are talking nonsense. will you be king? Don’t be smug. On the topic that the position of the first prince is also shaking.”
“This is real… … !”
“Yes, Empress Theraze must have been a little nervous. But you’re not going to be emperor, are you? Do you think I’d be intimidated by a little kid like you?”
Life turned to Zion’s eyes. It was the first time in my life that I had been so ignored.
My thoughts have changed. Amy never kills. I will make it so that only her life will be spared.
And I will surely turn Tormia to ashes and see bloody tears flowing from her eyes.
“that word… … Are you sure you can take responsibility?”
“responsibility? No, I’m not responsible for anything. Even if a war breaks out because of me. If you invade our kingdom… … .”
Amy’s crimson eyes glowed red.
“At that time, I will risk my life and fight as a citizen.”
Ji-on was stunned when he saw the killing spree coming from Amy’s crimson eyes.
It felt like my blood was freezing. I never thought that the girl who blushed at the banquet hall had such an extreme spirit.
‘Wizards are eccentric… … .’
Amy opened her eyes and approached.
“What are you up to? Why did you bring me into this room?”
Judging from the circumstances so far, Ji-on didn’t just drag herself in for the purpose of taking her body.
For just that reason, mentioning Sirone’s parents is because it doesn’t match his personality.
‘After all, Sirone has business to do, but what the hell… … .’
Amy’s lips trembled when she finally realized.
Zion is not important. The Theraze faction intended to make a life-or-death decision tonight.
I had to find Sirone as soon as possible.
Upon entering the Spirit Zone, the location of the door was transmitted through synesthesia.
‘Was it a structure that could be opened from the inside?’
I could open it, but I remembered that the door was locked. Thinking that she had no choice but to break out, Amy seized her chance with her Fireball’s batteries finished. And as soon as Ji-on’s face contorted like a beast, she ran to the door.
“Armand!”
The demonic sword flew in, ignoring inertia, and was caught in Ji-on’s hand. Ji-on swung his arm and threw the sword.
Feeling the sword’s trajectory through the spirit zone, Amy twisted her body. With a thud she slammed Armand into the door. If it weren’t for the Spirit Zone, she would have died.
‘I really want to kill you. Let’s do this until the end… … .’
Ji-on’s complacent expression bothered me. Judging from his skills, it would have been a golden opportunity to have put himself in a corner, but he did not show a hasty expression.
Amy immediately realized why.
Armand. From the sword stuck in the door, I felt a ghastly aura that I had never experienced before. Even the fact that it was nearby was terrifying, as if something gross was clinging to the door.
“Do you know if you can do this without any problems? I am also a recognized person in our kingdom.”
“The Karmis family. It’s not difficult. But if Sirone dies, everything will be over.”
Assassination is the most effective means of overthrowing power.
It’s not because the dead are people of great value. Because the dead cannot speak.
When Sirone dies, the living can create hundreds of situations. Sirone’s soul will cry out in the gucheon, but there is no way to appeal to the injustice.
‘I have to get out somehow.’
Amy bit her lip and collected herself. The feeling of her repulsive demonic sword faded a little as she tasted her blood as her teeth sank into her lips.
‘Let’s count to three and leave.’
As I was counting in my mind, Jion reached out and returned Armand.
Amy frowned at the unexpected situation. It was strange that she had blocked her escape route at best and then turned it back on. But she never thought that Zeon could stand up to her with her sword.
Amy looked at Ji-on with wary eyes.
There was no tension in his face as he stood with his sword. Could it be that he secretly devoted himself to swordsmanship?
However, his words did not contain anything to expect such a high-level reversal.
“Sorry. For the first time in my life, I would have been able to spend a thrilling night. Because of the pride of a petty aristocrat, she was made to die as her virgin.”
“I will never die to you, but if I ever become a ghost, I swear I will kill you first. If you see me in your dreams, you can believe that there is an afterlife.”
Zion’s face twisted.
Because wizards are only mouth-watering, it is difficult to make even a profit through verbal fights. In the end, armed demonstrations are a special drug.
Calming his mind by imagining Amy’s disastrous future, he stood Armand upright close to his body and chanted.
“Geumgang Armed Forces.”
Ching! With the sound of metal snapping, Armand’s blade split and split like a spider’s leg.
The hilt came out and the pommel and grip were separated. As if looking at the frame of a building, red fibers like oil leaked out along the bony shape.
Amy was seized with a more vicious feeling than she had felt in the Spirit Zone. With the red jewel at the center, Armand changed into a form reminiscent of a giant spider.
The scene that followed was even more serious than that. The blade split into dozens of legs began to cover his head as if swallowing him.
Amy frowned, but as the moment passed, the hideous sight gradually materialized into a figure pleasing to the human eye.
The part that used to be a handle turned into a helmet that protects the face, and the blade that went over the top of the head rode down the back and adhered to the core of the muscle to form the basic skeleton.
The metal material unfolded from the skeleton again, forming the shape of the armor.
The metal that came down to the wrists was attached to the gauntlet, and the metal that passed through the legs and down to the soles of the feet turned into metal boots with pointed noses.
As the armor protected the main organs of the body, this time the red fibers wrapped around the joints and tightly tightened the body.
Finally, a huge amount of fiber leaked out of the neck brace and turned into a cape that fluttered.
From Amy’s point of view, it was as if she had undergone a transformation because it happened in an instant.
Ji-on, whose face was covered by the cross helmet, lowered his arms and clenched his fists.
As a signal, an extremely thin needle pierced the back of Zion and connected to the spinal cord.
There was no pain, but electricity ran down his spine.
<Gothic> – user cerebral copy. share. Activation of verbal cognition.
Armand’s voice resonated in Ji-on’s head, and he immediately began to control his vital signs.
<Gothic> – Strengthen muscle strength. increase in bone density. Endoskeletal augmentation. Maximize the rate of nervous system transmission. Metallic proliferation complete. Can create and transform weapons. specialize in murder. Close combat glass.
Ching! Ching!
A thirty centimeter long blade protruded from both of Zeon’s gauntlets.
Amy swallowed. Except for the eyes visible through the grooves of the cross, all parts of Ji-on were hidden by the magic sword. From the looks of it, it seemed that her armor had been overlaid, with fibers covering most of her body.
‘How could that be?’
This situation made no sense. If we measured the weight of the metal, even as a rule of thumb, it was much heavier than the original demonic sword. Especially if it’s armor, it’s armor. What is that fiber?
When tough muscles protect the joints, durability and activity are maximized. Maybe that’s why, despite wearing heavy armor, Zeon was showing off a much more agile figure than before.
Ji-on was happy to see Amy’s flustered expression.
‘Huh, then that’s right. How could I ever have seen something like this?’
<Demonic Sword Armand> is an S-class object with the contradictory characteristic of being a metal creature.
The functions can be divided into two major categories. The first is rated control, which allows the user to freely control the sword according to the user’s will, and the second is the Geumgang Armament, which maximizes combat capabilities by combining with the user.
In rated control mode, the characteristics of metal stand out, and in the diamond armament mode, biological characteristics stand out.
In particular, the Geumgang Armed Forces were able to perform intelligent missions because they shared the brain with the user.
“Did I look like a lesser prince selling Theraze’s name?”
Zion took a step.
Clap! Amy leaned against the door involuntarily as the sound of steel boots scraping against the floor echoed.
“Of course it could be. But what about that? In front of Theraze’s name, everything is insignificant. Neither your family nor your talent, I am not envious of you in the slightest. because i… … .”
Ji-on held out his palm toward Amy.
“Because they are great royalty.”
The fibrous glove wriggled, and a tentacle came out from the center of the palm and rushed at Amy.
Amy hurriedly threw herself after confirming that the tip of the tentacle she was flying into had hardened sharply even in the midst of an emergency situation.
bang! Tentacles lodged in the door. At the same time, the tentacles connected to Zeon’s palms came off as if cutting off his tail.
Amy looked at the door with a tired expression. Every time the tentacles penetrated the surface, things like small tree roots spread and sealed the door completely.
Amy bit her lip with a frustrated expression.
No matter how tough the fibers of the tentacle were, it seemed impossible to break them with moderate force.
“When are you going to use the fire in your hand?”
Zion approached slowly. It was a different level of pressure than Ji-on before the Keumgang Armament. It was as if Armand’s vicious aura had been overwritten.
“Well, you really don’t think that kind of thing will work, do you?”
Zeon raised the blade protruding from the gauntlet vertically. Amy’s face, glaring at Ji-on, was reflected on the smooth surface of the blade.
5. All kinds of variables (1)
Even as she ran to Zeon’s gallery, Sirone couldn’t shake off the strange imagination.
Though I thought it could never happen, scenes I never wanted to see filled my head.
‘What the hell are you thinking?’
You have to judge rationally.
First of all, it was Amy’s motive for following Zeon. She is not the type to move hastily on anything, but she was also the one who left at her limb because she was worried about Jis’s safety in Galliant.
—————————————

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-288.txt
=============YYYYY=============
[288] 5. All kinds of variables (2)
‘Yeah, it was like that then. Because I met Marsha noona and came late… … .’
Then, he suddenly thought that it might be because Amy felt sorry for him. Did her dancing with her sister Rayna hurt her?
Even though he knew it was a trap, he went to Falcoa, thinking about it now, it didn’t seem like there wasn’t such a part at all.
‘no. You’re zooming in too much. Dancing with Reina was already in the plan. Amy can’t do that.’
Though I thought so, I wasn’t really sure.
The reason was simple. Because when he saw Amy dancing with Zion, some unpleasant ripples arose in his mind as well.
Wouldn’t there be something different about Amy?
If he had felt the same feelings, he might have followed Zion with even the slightest motive.
Because Amy is such a tender child.
Sirone’s steps became faster. Even though she rolled her head to control her emotions, on the contrary, her heart was beating faster than before.
“huh?”
Sirone hurriedly stopped walking and looked back.
After coming down to the basement, the back of my back was strangely creepy. However, there was not a single mouse to be seen on the path he had walked, let alone a sign of anyone.
“Is it because of my mood?”
Sirone stroked his neck and moved slowly.
‘Gheuk, no, no, no.’
The man hanging upside down from the ceiling where Sirone had left opened his mouth. It was Spartur Xenoger who was given the special mission to assassinate Sirone.
He was clinging to the ceiling with only ten fingers.
The spider mimicry ability gave the clan the power to overcome gravity.
The villi growing on the fingertips and the strong adhesive oil leaking from the skin were supporting the body weight while causing a chemical reaction.
Of course, it was supported by the taijutsu honed through assassination training, so the lower body was supported only by the strength of the upper body.
Also, the oil leaking from the finger skin will volatilize within 20 seconds of stopping the leak, leaving no trace of his presence.
A near-perfect assassin.
Xenoger lowered his long tongue to the bottom of his chin and swallowed it back.
‘It’s a pretty good prey. for example… … Like a mosquito.’
But that’s because Xenoger continues to shoot very fine living things at Sirone.
It is the basis of an assassin to observe the reaction of the prey and consider countermeasures. You can kill whenever you want. I’m just looking at the liver for a 100% success rate.
‘Well, that’s right.’
Assassins are those who use circumstances rather than force. That’s why it’s also a job group that spends an extremely large amount of time alone throughout its life. It was customary to talk to myself because I had to make my own judgment and evaluation on everything.
Xenoger liked his job as an assassin. It’s because it’s much higher-level than the Hitman who hits and misses on the fly.
Although her body has become so bizarre that it cannot blend into the human world, that is the height of functional beauty pursued by the assassin clan Spathur.
‘A little more… … Shall I drive him away?’
Xenoger caught up with his prey by moving along the wall with his ten fingers. Then I pulled a cobweb from his ass and it came down my sirone’s back.
A thin thread clung to the ceiling, propelling Xenogger’s body forward. Even a slight breeze would actually shake it, but perfect control was not difficult for the spider clan.
The back of Sirone’s head was in front of him. It was at such a distance that his hair would shake when he exhaled. The white nape of her neck, like fish flesh, made me want to bite it.
Xenoger pursed his lips and slowly placed his fingers on Sirone’s neck.
‘Where should I feel some sensitivity?’
Xenoger’s fingers came close to touching the fluff. It was a safe distance to say that it was almost reached.
Sirone turned her head away with a surprised expression.
But all I could see was the scenery of the underground passage. Even the flickering patterns of the torches seemed to be the same.
“What the hell is it?”
It was strange. It might be that I’m sensitive today, but I kept feeling like something was hitting my nerves.
‘There’s nothing wrong with making it clear.’
Sirone pretended to move slowly, then suddenly expanded her spirit zone.
“… … .”
All kinds of information came through synesthesia.
There were a lot of little things going around everywhere. Probably rats or c*ckroaches as there is a food storage nearby.
“Ugh… … .”
Sirone wiped away the goosebumps on his arm.
In any case, the only things I felt through synesthesia were small objects. After being threatened with assassination for several days, I wondered if something was wrong with my nervous system.
“Whoa, let’s go quickly.”
As Sirone moved away, a hearty smile appeared on Xenoger’s lips, which clung to the ceiling.
‘I got caught. Celebrate death.’
The Wizard’s Spirit Zone is one of the trickiest abilities for melee assassins. This is because it is not easy to approach those who perceive things through synesthesia by expanding their minds.
But Assassin says.
There is no sense without a blind spot.
The Spirit Zone integrates all information within its area. It was a quality close to a kind of sixth sense, not a precise feeling like sight, hearing, or touch.
Then, what if we become assimilated to a specific object or creature? As a sixth sense that accepts information integrally, you cannot distinguish the difference between the two objects.
The blind spot of that sixth sense.
Just as creatures of the natural world have mastered concealment techniques through evolution, assassins have also developed unique techniques while fighting the Spirit Zone over the ages.
That was the equalization of object assimilation ability.
‘Well, that’s right.’
Sirone felt Xenoger’s presence through the Spirit Zone, but could not tell the difference between the stone wall and Xenoger with only his sixth sense.
Also, this was exactly what Xenoger was aiming for.
The magician’s dependence on the Spirit Zone is as great as that of an ordinary person on their eyesight. I even thought that if I couldn’t feel it as a spirit zone, it didn’t exist.
It was that reason that had stimulated Sirone so far.
As she checked her surroundings with the Spirit Zone, Sirone’s alertness was much lower than before.
that’s why it dies
Xenoger doesn’t kill. Circumstances are killing.
Hitman, who specializes in hit and run, risks his life with a 50% chance, but Assassin doesn’t move easily even with a 99% chance. The only time they move is when the target takes the first step into the swamp of death itself.
This was the reason why high-ranking people in power feared one Assassin more than many armies. Once they appeared, it means that their current situation is in the middle of death.
However, the best Assassin is not the best swordsman. This is because equalizing is such a difficult skill that you have to devote your whole life to it to become a master.
but they are strong
If the swordsman fought with equal ability from 1 to 100, the Assassins were those who became invincible on 1 out of 100 and subdued the opponent.
So there is nothing wrong with Sirone. He just believed what he believed. And Xenoger used that blind spot to make the target completely defenseless.
The current Xenoger was invincible.
‘Well then, shall we go soon?’
Xenoger climbed the ceiling and landed on the floor without making a sound. Then he pursed his lips and put his fingers in to pretend to pull something out of him.
A thread as hard as wire was pulled out.
That’s enough.
‘It is true.’
Xenoger’s chosen method was the death noose.
Tie the steel wire in the form of a noose, throw it at Sirone, and then pull it, and the face will fall straight like picking grapes.
‘Next 7 seconds.’
Xenogur stirred the fluttering thread in the air and in an instant snared it into a noose.
Then, as it flew along the air current, it moved forward and floated like a kite over the top of Sirone’s head.
A perfect murder with no sound, no sign, no smell.
‘Four seconds ahead. 3 seconds. 2 seconds.’
The noose passed through Sirone’s face and came down to her neck.
‘Now!’
Xenoger grotesquely tore the corners of his mouth and pulled the thread.
The sharp noose of spider web narrowed the border in an instant and gathered into a size smaller than millet.
“… … .”
Sirone looked back at Xenoger with her butt on the floor.
“What, what? who are you?”
“… … .”
Xenoger was just watching, like someone who had lost the ability to think. No matter how much he thought about it, he couldn’t understand the current situation.
As soon as the noose was tightened, Sirone suddenly lowered herself and rolled on the floor. Then he looked back and met her eyes.
‘what? Where did my calculations go wrong?’
Sirone must die. Because that’s the situation.
So there is nothing wrong with yourself. It was clear that there was an unexpected variable.
Sirone gulped and glared at Xenoger.
After checking the surroundings with the spirit zone, I was walking safely, but suddenly, a loud voice, ‘It’s dangerous!’, popped up in my head.
Without even thinking, I rolled across the floor. And when she turned around, a man with a hideous appearance was staring at her.
Xenoger asked in a grim voice.
“how… … Did you avoid it?”
Sirone wrinkled her brow at the incomprehensible words.
‘How did you avoid it? yea of course… … .’
Because I heard someone’s voice. However, looking at the reaction, it seemed that the other person did not hear it.
Then there was a crack and the sound of breaking glass.
Sirone rummaged through his pockets without taking his eyes off Xenoger. When I took it out, the jewel that Wu Lin said was worth well over 100 million was separated into two pieces.
Xenogur’s shoulders trembled. The jewel of Sirone, which he saw with the eyes of an insect, was definitely what he knew.
“<The Last Scream of the Jaeger Family>?”
There is no possibility that Sirone has that. However, <The Last Cry of the Jaeger Family> was clear. Otherwise, there is no reason to save his life from his perfect design.
‘shit… … Of course.’
According to records, there was a Jaeger family in the western continent 480 years ago.
Then one day, an incident occurred in which people from the main family were assassinated one person a day. No matter how much the security was strengthened, there was no doubt that one body would be found in the morning.
The head of state made every effort to find the culprit, but there was no way to stop the increasing number of victims day by day.
When the number of members of the family fell to less than half, he made an extreme choice.
The mansion was closed.
But that night, another attendant died.
The householder intuited that there was an assassin inside and interrogated the family. However, he was unable to find any suspects in anyone, and as time passed, the number of family members in the original family, which had been 287, decreased to 63.
The family was already ruined.
Everyone’s spirits were impoverished and they didn’t even talk to each other out of distrust.
The patriarch didn’t try anymore.
Whoever dies will just wait. As long as the identity of the culprit could be confirmed, it didn’t matter even if the family died.
It was the 286th day since the assassination took place.
There were only two people left in the mansion.
It was the family head and the youngest daughter he loved the most.
“Uh, how could you… … ?”
He couldn’t believe the reality in front of him.
he is not an assassin So it was clear that the culprit was the 14-year-old youngest daughter.
“no! I’m not guilty, Dad! I really am not!”
The family head pulled out the sword from his waist.
have to kill No matter how much she loved her daughter, everyone died because of her.
However, the family chief could not kill his daughter.
because he’s already dead
The family head, who had been looking down at her youngest daughter, who had turned into a corpse, finally realized and shook her chin.
Finally all the secrets are out.
The sword fell and both knees hit the floor.
“Oh no! It can’t be like this! no!”
The head of the household shook his head and screamed.
no one will die anymore except for yourself.
He took a strong drink and headed for the study. Then he sat down at his desk and wrote down the events of 286 days in one letter.
It is said that the fate of the householder has not been confirmed until the end.
Opinions are divided as to whether he left the mansion or whether he was the last one to be assassinated, but in any case, the Jaeger family disappeared from the world.
Two years later, a merchant took over the Jaeger family’s mansion at a bargain price.
Because it was the private property of the head of household, he could not touch it, but after the legal period of two years had passed, the kingdom sold it.
When the door to the mansion, which had been sealed for two years, opened wide, the first thing that caught the merchant’s eyes were 287 red marbles spread on the floor.
This is the secret story of <The Last Scream of the Jaeger Family>. It was also an example given by the Curia auction company as a reason why objects are not 100% safe.
—————————————

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-289.txt
=============YYYYY=============
[289] 5. All kinds of variables (3)
The origin story of the actual object is not clearly revealed.
It’s just that the name of an object has been handed down from someone, and through that, people just let their imagination run wild.
However, <The Last Cry of the Yeager Family> is unique in that it contains actual records.
The merchant who took over the mansion soon noticed what powers the 287 marbles possessed.
If you have it in your possession, you will hear the girl’s warning the moment you touch it. It was an alert device that was so nimble that even a super-advanced person with restrained life would have no chance to avoid it.
The merchant sold it at auction and became the richest person on the continent. And 287 objects passed into the hands of the powerful people of each country, and it is estimated that about 82 objects remain today.
‘It is true.’
This was the story that Xenoger had heard during his assassination training.
That’s why the current situation is even more bizarre.
Sirone could not own something that could not be obtained by anyone other than the highest nobility or royalty of each country.
“That… … where did you get it It doesn’t sound like a very expensive life.”
Sirone hurriedly stood up and took a fighting stance.
“What are you? What were you trying to do to me?”
Xenoger waved his hand in the air without answering.
As the threads tangled, a skein of white thread that could be seen was wrapped around the wrist. Attaching one end to the ceiling and pulling on it, his body soared at high speed.
Sirone cast teleportation. However, Xenoger’s appearance had already completely disappeared from sight.
It was a great master. At least from Sirone’s point of view.
Xenoger moved along the wall and chased Sirone.
Anyway, it was a target that could be killed more than 90% with the Hitman method. Above all, there will be no more <The Last Scream of the Jaeger Family>, so the fact that Sirone will die has not changed.
Sirone couldn’t escape.
No matter how he hid it until now, it was suffocating from Xenogor’s life.
Moreover, the source of life was not one place. It was said that it was disrupting the spirit zone’s synesthesia at a tremendous speed.
‘I will die at this rate!’
Sirone gave up running away in a desperate situation. He instead lowered his fists and unleashed his berserk with all his might.
Kwa-kwa-kwa-kwa-kwak!
The walls of the basement shook and dust fell.
“Kekeke! It’s magic, magic.”
There is no occupational group in the world that looks down on wizards, but the Assassination Clan Spathur had a manual to deal with every situation.
When Xenoger pushed his lips out, a steel wire tangled in spider webs popped out. The steel wire that penetrated the width of the beam pierced Sirone’s shoulder.
“Keugh!”
Sirone hurriedly pulled out the thread and rolled on the floor. It wasn’t a fatal wound, but with this blow, I clearly realized the difference in his skills.
Expansion-type defense magic such as wide-breadth boasts a wide range of defense, but is weak against local penetration.
A skilled person at a level that sees through magic and responds to it as soon as he sees it. He probably far exceeds Shirone’s speed of thinking.
Xenoger, who had stayed out of Sirone’s line of sight, suddenly fell down. It was the perfect spider to land with both hands on the ground.
Xenoger’s tongue came out long and licked his entire face.
“Kiki, good response. I aimed for the heart, but I dodged it. A kid like you is my taste. I want to tie it up with a spider web and give it a lot of cuteness, but… … .”
Sirone trembled at the chilling feeling.
“Because this one is also busy.”
As Xenoger disappeared from sight faster than before, Sirone fell into a state of inability to judge.
Wizards can produce powerful power that transcends human common sense, but it is true that it is difficult to deal with those who have raised their physical abilities to the limit if it is limited to interpersonal combat.
Xenoger was a master who had never been seen before, and it was a mistake to think of responding from the beginning.
Sirone completely turned around and deployed teleportation.
If it was impossible to escape and difficult to deal with, the only option left was to hide and buy time.
Flashes of light bounced off the walls and entered the pantry. The space was huge enough for hundreds of royal family members to eat, and the food was divided into compartments.
Sirone leaned back and hid in the place where the milk bags were piled up like a castle wall. He hadn’t cast any spells in particularly long, but he was already out of breath.
‘Where is the place to target me? ceiling? behind the turret? Or the other side?’
Sirone moved her eyes and tried to find Xenoger’s traces.
But in reality, Xenoger was stuck in the ceiling of the corner of the warehouse, completely different from Sirone’s expectations.
‘Kikiki, you fool. To think common sense would work for someone with mimicry skills.’
Xenoger’s eight eyes accurately captured Sirone.
@
Borrowing the power of the Geumgang Armed Forces, Zeon’s combat power was comparable to that of a public figure’s swordsman. Without even time to cast teleportation, Amy was attacking with sharp attacks.
Seeing Amy with a pale face, Ji-on felt relieved. Armand, which is evaluated as an S-class object even among manufacturers, truly deserved its value.
Effort doesn’t suit royalty. Of course, the same goes for talent. The reason why the royal family is noble is that bloodline, and that bloodline is enough to buy effort and talent.
“Still, it holds up quite well.”
I certainly didn’t expect the battle to last this long. I thought he was a weak wizard, but his movements were nimble like a swordsman.
“Hey, did you mean that you prepared thoroughly from a young age? If so, it’s even more sad. To be beaten by me who didn’t even learn swordsmanship, let alone magic.”
“Stop talking nonsense! I will never lose to a child who only relies on weapons like you!”
Amy gritted her teeth and ran towards Zion.
I was so upset that I was in tears. It was a result of 10 years of hard work. A human who had never suffered in his entire life could not defeat himself with just one demonic sword.
Amy used the Schema’s ability to the maximum to unleash a distraction tactic. However, she changed Armando Gion’s constitution accordingly.
<Gothic>-Enemy object acceleration change detection. Removal of retinal afterimages. Maximize visual perception.
The reason why afterimages occur is because the human brain remembers things for one tenth of a second when it sees them.
However, when Armand removed the retinal afterimage, Amy’s movements came in as clearly as if they were cut off.
Ji-on stood for a while and then suddenly flew away. She grazed Amy’s collar as the sword mounted on her gauntlet slashed through space.
Zion is not a schema user. However, Keumgang Armed Forces’ body coordination ability reproduced the effect of the schema as it was.
‘no. I can never admit something like this!’
Amy bit her lip.
Avoiding Zeon’s gaze requires speed that exceeds his cognitive abilities. But his own schema did not reach that level.
‘then… … .’
Amy entered the Spirit Zone.
In a confined space, even against an agile warrior equipped with a short-range weapon, he didn’t know how well magic would work, but if the straight attack method didn’t work, it was a wrong situation to survive.
‘Eat this!’
Amy spread fireballs in all directions. Instead of targeting, it was a tactic of convincing and limiting movement.
‘Sheesh! plaguy.’
Zion gave up the charge and retreated.
There are numerous objects in the gallery. As long as Armand was there, the other things didn’t matter, but the problem was that the placenta belonged to Uorin.
‘I have to save the object for now.’
After reading Ji-on’s emotions, Armand stretched out his tentacles in all directions.
As the tentacles clung to the wall, Zeon’s body floated.
As the tension worked, Zeon’s body flew like a flying insect. As he swung his sword at great speed, the fireball split in two.
Amy snorted.
‘Hmph, do you think you can stop that?’
Even if the form changes, the heat does not disappear.
As expected, as the flames hit Ji-on, a combustion reaction took place in Armand’s organic matter.
However, the charcoal-like epidermis fell off and was filled with new organic matter.
Self-existence is the strength of living things. The reason <Demonic Sword Armand> was S-class was because it possessed the strengths of both metal and living things.
Zion, who blocked the fireball, looked down at Amy while standing in the air.
“You have a surprisingly hot personality. But I won’t be able to install any more.”
Amy stepped back and put the fire mist around her. She wouldn’t be able to turn the tide in particular, but there was nothing like heat to block the creature’s approach.
“Hmph, you’re very luminous.”
Amy knew too. It was miserable that all I had to do was improvise.
However, the opponent’s movements were unpredictable, and even her sniper mode, her specialty, was impossible in a small space.
But the reason I don’t give up is because I saw a glimmer of hope. The reason is unknown, but Ji-on clearly seemed to hate the destruction of things in the room.
‘It doesn’t look very expensive.’
It was questionable, but it was the only gap in the current situation. As an experiment, Amy fired her fire strike openly at her display case.
As expected, Ji-on threw herself. A tentacle extending from over his shoulder blocked the path of Fire Strike.
A popping sound erupted, burning the tips of the tentacles.
Amy, who was thinking of cutting off the tentacles, clicked her tongue at the durability that was stronger than she thought.
But her magic had only just begun. She fired fire strikes all around her as she rotated the target-type spirit zone.
Zion swung his tentacles and blocked them one after another, but Armand’s durability also had a limit.
‘joy! Then I just need to catch the wizard!’
A tentacle pressed down on the nape of Amy’s neck and pushed out. As he hit the back of his head against the wall, his mind shook for a moment, but he activated his red eyes and immediately reset it.
“Keugh, I can only stop it with something like this… … .”
At that moment, a sharp needle protruded from the tentacle and pierced his throat. Then, as the Spirit Zone disappeared, his magic was broken.
Zion heard Armand’s voice and came down to the floor.
<Gothic>-user pituitary hormone extraction. Combination. Manufacture of nerve-stabilizing substances. complete. Injection.
The human body is like a huge chemical factory. Armand extracted the hormones in Zeon’s body and manufactured its own nerve-stabilizing substance.
Amy couldn’t contain her drowsy mind.
‘damn… … ! What kind of swords do you have?’
I tried to activate the red face, but I couldn’t concentrate to form a spirit zone in the endless flow of tranquilizers. Rather, more chemicals flooded in and poisoned the liver.
“Huh, as long as you distract the wizard, it’s over. Both you and Sirone. What the hell is magic so arrogant about?”
Amy took a deep breath and looked up at the ceiling. It was difficult to lower her gaze as her eyes rolled back on their own.
“It must be hard, but why don’t you just pass out? In the meantime, play with your body. Of course, don’t expect to wake up with limbs intact.”
“Kuh! Keugh… … !”
Amy resisted desperately.
“ha ha ha! It’s really a spectacle to struggle. Do you understand now? What will happen if you touch the royal family?”
Amy squeezed out a bit of strength to activate her red eyes.
“Is it really so?”
Zion snorted. He knew he couldn’t get into the Spirit Zone anyway.
But in the next moment, something amazing happened. A lump of flame burned in Amy’s hand.
Before Ji-on could organize her thoughts, Amy fired a spark at the shelf.
“shit! Stop it!”
As Zeon’s consciousness focused on the ledge, Armand withdrew his tentacles and threw the master’s body backwards.
Just before the display case exploded, Ji-on managed to block the way. The moment I held my breath in preparation for the heat, the fireball vanished in vain.
“What, what?”
It was a jack-o’-lantern’s crappy spark. Since the spirit has its own spirit zone, it could be cast regardless of Amy’s mental state.
—————————————

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-29.txt
=============YYYYY=============
Please enable JavaScript
[Translator – Anwen]
Chapter 29
Ethella was lost in thought, fiddling with her lips.
“Then would you like to try it out in the Image Zone?”
“Yes? But… Right now?”
“Why? Are you feeling unwell?”
“No, it’s not that.”
Ethella blinked, puzzled. The ambitious student who couldn’t contain his excitement in regards to the Image Zone had turned passive.
‘What’s going on? He doesn’t look very happy. The kids seem to be keeping him in check, is that why? He’s more sensitive than I thought.’
Ethella said while patting his shoulder.
“If you’re not feeling well, you can always do it next time. I was simply curious and wanted to see because you’re the only one who can change between the Four Way Formation in Class 7.”
“No, I’ll give it a go. Please assess me.”
Shirone changed his mind. Even if his classmates went around criticizing him, he would not give up the opportunity to receive Ethella’s guidance for just that reason alone.
Abusive remarks started to fly around the moment Shirone entered the Image Zone.
“Huh, look at him go. He must be thinking of doing it again. He just loves to stand out, doesn’t he?”
“He wants to show off to his lover. Well, it’s true that that’s the only thing he’s good at. The dude can’t even cast a single spell.”
On the other hand, upperclassmen stopped whatever they were practicing and turned to focus on him. A month had passed since the successful demonstration of the Defense Form of the Four Way Formation, so they were curious to see how much he had grown since then.
“Ms. Romie, I’ll begin.”
“Alright. First, let’s do it one by one.”
Shirone started off with what he was best at, the Defense Form. A strong, huge Octacontaoctagon was formed.
The upperclassmen were awed.
“When speaking in regards to your Defense Form alone, it’s high-class.”
On the other hand, the Class 7 students glared at Shirone as if they were dealing with a public enemy. Nevertheless, the reason why they couldn’t complain was because his skills were actually really great.
Shirone shifted to the Attack Form of the Four Way Formation. Instead of the size of his zone being reduced, it stayed the same with the only difference being numerous, dangerous-looking thorns emerging.
Next was the Target Form. The length of the cross was considerable, but its torque was too weak to use in practice. Nevertheless, Shirone was making rapid progress.
Ethella smiled in satisfaction. It was safe to say that Shirone would soon probably be promoted to Class 6 considering his skills.
But Shirone didn’t stop there and attempted the Deviate Form. It was also important to fail so that he could get advice from Ethella while she was here.
Then he hit a wall. The shape of the Spirit Zone might change, and even if the center was shifted, the Zone often exploded instead of just successfully deviating.
Ethella’s eyes lit up in astonishment. She didn’t expect him to attempt the Deviate Form as it did not fit his convergent tendencies. But surprisingly, things were going roughly, which was to be expected.
Seeing this, each of the Class 7 kids, who had no intention of even trying to aim for the Deviate Form, breathed out a sigh of relief.
“Kekeke, what the hell is he doing? How is that the Four Way Formation? He’s just horsing around.”
“They said he was a genius, but he’s nothing close to one. He should be doing at least one thing well. How the hell is he going to become a mage doing things like that.”
Shirone was offended. Not a single person from Class 7 could pull off the Deviate Form. He couldn’t understand their way of thinking at all, especially considering the fact that they placed standards on him that even they couldn’t reach.
His Spirit Zone shook when he lost his composure. The more it shook, the more the Class 7 kids continued to gossip and bring Shirone down.
Amy, who was watching, frowned. So far, she was satisfied with his demonstration of changing between the different forms of the Four Way Formation, but suddenly his Zone started shaking.
“What the hell’s wrong with him? What is he doing?”
“Deviate Form is usually hard to control. I guess he’s bothered too much by the reactions of the kids.”
“No way. He’s never that shaky. Is he really going through something these days?”
“Oh, are you covering for him? Well, I guess he is your boyfriend.”
Amy shut Sharelle’s mouth with her red eyes and got lost in thought. It was certainly strange. Where did the Anti-Magic-resistant durability go? How come his Spirit Zone was stumbling around like it was drunk?
‘Is there really something going on that I don’t know about?’
Shirone tried everything to suppress his emotions. However, anger was not easy to control because once it bloomed, it grew by consuming itself.
‘Why do they hate me? What did I do wrong? I just want to study hard and do better. What’s wrong with wanting to be a mage?’
His Spirit Zone began to convulse as if it was about to explode. His mind was all over the place.
“Hey, you have too many miscellaneous thoughts.”
Shirone broke out from his thoughts. Someone from Class 5 side spoke.
“If you want to do something, just do it. You’re here to learn magic.”
Shirone finally looked back on his condition with impassiveness. When he came to his senses, he realized how foolish he was being.
‘What was I doing?’
Shirone, who erased all distractions, attempted once again.
‘It’s okay to fail. The important thing is to learn from it and grow.’
A Zone with a 40-meter diameter slowly began to deviate from the center. As the center moved away, the diameter decreased exponentially.
Would it deviate first or get extinguished first?
All the Intermediate class students stared at the scene.
By the time the size of the Zone was reduced to two meters in diameter, the surface of the Spirit Zone had been completely pulled off from Shirone’s body.
The shock that the Class 7 students were in was indescribable. Even upperclassmen in the Intermediate class found it difficult to succeed, so it was natural for them to be in a daze.
The Spirit Zone began to hover around Shirone. Every moment, new information entered his mind. He felt like his head was about to explode due to the huge amount of information pouring in. When he opened his eyes, the Spirit Zone burst and disappeared.
“Hah… Hah.”
He was out of breath, even though he didn’t do anything physically taxing.
“I did it. I really succeeded in the form… I made it work.”
The upper-level classes began to stir.
It was an achievement that was incomparable to the success of a Defense Form. Not one person in Class 7 nor Class 6 succeeded in the form.
Sharelle shook Amy’s arm and made a fuss.
“Amy, Shirone did it! He really did it.”
Amy was smiling, too. Regardless of her emotions, in terms of being a colleague reaching for the same dream, he had talent worthy of her respect.
‘His growth rate is monstrous. It’s insanely fast. If a month was enough to achieve the Deviate Form, I’m sure…’
Come and read on our website wuxia worldsite. Thanks
‘He’s a talent equal to me… Or even greater.’
Amy was a little upset. Perhaps Shirone trained his mind without wasting even a single day. But what about her? She had gone around the back alley, doing stupid and morally-disgusting things.
‘Why did I… Waste my precious time doing such things?’
Shirone, who succeeded the Deviate Form, looked around for the person who gave him a piece of advice and turned his head toward Class 5. However, he could not figure it out through voice alone since he didn’t have a chance to talk to the upperclassmen.
‘I just wanted to say thank you…’
Ethella was absorbed in thought as she looked at Shirone, who was being applauded by nearly everyone. Everyone was influenced by Shirone’s growth. She came up with a way to give rise to the atmosphere of the class a bit more.
“Hmm, you came earlier than I expected.”
[Translator – Anwen]
Join our discord for updates on releases!
Recently, Shirone had one concern no one knew about. It was that he did not know how to use any magic.
The knowledge needed for magic was not easy enough for lower-level class children to simply obtain. Therefore, even in school, fully-fledged magic practice was conducted starting Class 5.
But in reality, that wasn’t true either. The nobles were educated from birth, so even lower-leveled students knew how to use at least two types of magic. On the other hand, Shirone studied only for a year and a half with the Ogent family.
Shirone’s dilemma was this.
‘If you concentrate on one subject, you may be able to use simple magic.’
The problem was… He felt like he would never be able to overcome students who had been taught since childhood.
So the strategy he came up with was to study all the disciplines at once.
As a result, the number of books he started to borrow increased, and these days, he pretty much lived in the library.
The students laughed at Shirone. They thought it was foolish to study so much in the library considering he wouldn’t be able to keep up with his classes.
But Shirone did not falter. He had the Core of Knowledge, so any discipline or type of knowledge could be arranged in chronological order. In other words, this meant that the probability of forgetting the content was significantly reduced.
‘The immediate results may be minimal, but I must keep this up for a minimum of two years… If it is possible to study for two years in this state, all the main points in each field will start to connect.’
This was the framework of knowledge. An entire encyclopedia in his head that he could reach out to at any time.
After turning over a new lead, Shirone focused back on the book. It was well past midnight when he came to his senses. The only person left in the library was a girl from Class 6.
When Shirone nodded to her as she packed her bag, she also nodded back with a shy smile.
It was two in the morning when he left the library.
However, even if he went to bed now, he would only be able to sleep for about 4 hours. Whenever he thought about how behind he was in comparison to the nobility, he felt that sleep was a waste of time.
Whenever he had those kinds of thoughts, Shirone recalled a book he once read called “The Great Scholars’ Dialogue.”
Among them, he found the interview of a biologist named Torkcholin most impressive. He, who claimed that a person must get more than six hours of sleep, joked at the end of the interview like this.
“Of course, I only slept four hours during my student years.”
And the author of the book asked.
“Then, aren’t your claims incorrect?”
Torkcholin’s answer was:
“Haha! Those who are in their teens are not humans. They are superhumans. Whether they sleep or not, it would not affect them in any way.”
Those words uplifted Shirone who was always pressed for time.
‘Yeah! Let’s work hard. If I do my best, results will follow naturally.’
The lights in the Advanced class building were on. The lights from the window flickered as if someone was conducting a magic experiment until late at night. What new magic was being created there?
Shirone’s eyes were already on the Advanced class.
At the end of lunchtime, Ethella went to see Siena. They were the same age at 26, and they had already worked together for four years, but they still remained formal with each other.
“Ms. Siena, can you spare me some time?”
“Yes, but I don’t think I can talk for too long because I have a class to teach in Class 7 soon.”
It was common to easily exceed an hour while discussing things related to magic, so Siena asked for understanding in advance.
“Oh, I see. I have something to discuss with you about Shirone.”
Siena showed interest at the mention of Shirone. Unlike in her class where he laid low, she heard that in practical training led by Ethella, he stood out like a sore thumb.
“How is he these days? Looking at his practice score, it seems like he’s doing quite well.”
“He certainly is. Last time, he succeeded in performing the Deviate Form of the Four Way Formation.”
“Oho, I see.”
Siena smiled with satisfaction. As an instructor in charge of Shirone, it was a pleasure to hear him being praised by other instructors.
“So I’d like to make a suggestion, Ms. Siena.”
“Yes? A suggestion?”
It was quite rare for Ethella herself to give suggestions to another instructor, especially in regards to a student. So as much as that was a rare occurrence, Siena thought it to be an exceptional suggestion.
Chemical theories filled up the blackboard in Class 7. The students taking notes were busy trying to write everything down. They felt like the class was going really fast, especially today. As expected, Siena, who finished the class about 10 minutes early, came down from the platform.
“That’s it for today. Instead, I have something to announce.”
The students were very compliant. The students were willing to eat rice seeds if it meant ending a class early.
“Early promotion has been decided. Shirone Arian, please stand up.”
Shirone was pleasantly surprised at the very sudden and very unexpected early promotion. His classmates, on the other hand, looked displeased. Early promotion was not uncommon. However, the problem was that the person getting promoted was Shirone.
“Shirone, you will be promoted to Class 5. Please make sure to check and follow your new schedule starting tomorrow. I hope the rest of you will also work harder to earn the same opportunity. That is all. Class dismissed.”
Join our discord for updates on releases!

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-290.txt
=============YYYYY=============
[290] 5. All kinds of variables (4)
After being freed from the tentacles, Amy reset her mind to red eyes. Her sedatives were so overpowered that she vomited, but she managed to get into the Spirit Zone.
Equipped with a fireball of conversion, Amy waved her hand as she jumped through the door. The organically entangled door shattered as a powerful fireball hit.
By the time Ji-on realized that he had been tricked, the second door was already bursting through.
“Oh, Mr.… … !”
Ji-on questioned the prickly Armand.
“What have you been doing? You missed it!”
It was the typical appearance of an inexperienced user.
Armand can copy the user’s brain to promote intelligence, but strictly speaking, it was just a sword symbiotic with its master. It is not possible to make judgments on behalf of a situation.
Therefore, swearing at Armand only meant cursing at his own stupid head.
“You have to chase it. let’s go.”
As if in response to Ji-on’s words, numerous tentacles came out from the Geumgang Armament and stuck into the wall. Ji-on rose to the surface with the power of the tentacles and was pushed forward as if on a swing.
@
Reina stopped walking and pointed her ear in the direction of the sound. The Sound of Silence’s ability detected a huge vibration echoing underground.
The sound passing through the walls was clearly subtle. However, the fact that the sound could be heard from the castle, which boasted the highest durability in the kingdom, meant that an enormous shock had occurred at the epicenter.
‘It’s underground!’
Reina jumped onto the stairs in front of her.
Power enough to shake a building is impossible even with the sword of a dizzying swordsman. It was evident that Sirone had cast magic.
The moment I stepped into the basement, I heard someone running at the end of the hallway. Examining the rhythm of the footsteps, it was the movement of an extremely excited person.
Reina clung to the wall, wary of the approaching opponent. He saw a man running through the darkness.
Reina, who spotted Amy, hurriedly blocked the way.
“Amy!”
“Aww! It’s a surprise! sister?”
“what? Why are you here?”
“Run for now!”
As if Amy didn’t have time to explain, she grabbed Reina’s arm and ran. Then Reina also activated her schema and matched her speed with her Amy.
bang! bang!
The sound of a heavy impact hitting the wall was transmitted.
Reina unlocked the Sound of Silence. Listening to the vibration in this state was about to blow out the eardrum.
“what? Are monsters following you?”
Amy sighed. She wants to tell the absurd story of her experience, but her first priority is to find Sirone.
“I’ll tell you later. What about Sirone?”
“This way. I heard a noise over there.”
The two entered the fork in the road on the left and looked at the warehouse waiting for them at the end of the single road. On the information board that came down from the ceiling, the phrase “food storage” was written.
Upon entering, the inside was a mess with traces of battle.
The air was opaque, with flour pouring down and parts of it releasing like smoke. Vegetables were cut into pieces, as if they were left over from slicing, and were dressed in flour. Amy thought it was a relief that this wasn’t a meat store.
“Where is Sirone?”
As Amy looked to the left and right and moved on, Reina spread her arms to block her.
“Dangerous. Don’t move.”
Stunned, Amy looked where Reina was staring. Numerous cobwebs stretched through the flour smoke.
“This… … !”
When I came to my senses, I looked back and saw that there were spider webs everywhere. It was a dreary sight, like a sealed warehouse for 100 years.
“Why is there a spider web in a place like this? It looks like a huge spider too.”
“be careful. I have something.”
Reina slowly moved through the webs, leaving Amy behind.
At that moment, a faint voice was heard from the other side where the sacks were piled up.
“… … Hit it.”
Reina and Amy blew themselves off at the same time and headed there.
Sirone was caught upside down in a giant spider’s web. His clothes were tattered here and there, and there were numerous stab wounds all over his body.
Amy had tears in her eyes.
“Sirone!”
“Run away… … . this guy… … incredibly strong… … .”
“wait! I’ll save you now!”
Amy ran right away.
Just thinking about the sight of a stranger caught in a spider’s web gave me chills, but the fact that the target was Sirone was shocking horror.
After examining the web for a while, she grabbed it with her hands and tore it when she couldn’t find a way. The cold pain was intense. When I removed her hand and examined it, I saw that her palm had been cut sharply.
“What kind of spider web is this?”
Sirone shouted with all her might.
“Amy! Run away!”
At that moment, Reina hugged Amy by the waist and threw herself. The shrill wind was a sound wave that she could never hear except for Reina’s hearing.
Amy, who fell to the floor, looked back at Reina, not knowing why. But her gaze was fixed somewhere in the dark.
“Geuk, that’s quite right.”
Xenoger, who was hanging upside down by Sirone’s side, came down.
Amy and Rayna were taken aback by the man’s grotesque appearance. I couldn’t see it closely because the torch was far away, but there were definitely several pupils.
“When a string moves, it vibrates. If you have the ability to hear that vibration, you certainly can’t kill it with a two-dimensional cut. Yes, it is.”
Amy took a step forward and shouted.
“What have you done to Sirone! Release me quickly!”
Xenoger turned his head at eye level with Sirone, who was hanging upside down.
“Oh, this? I got it for now, Kiki. You can tell by touching it, but it is quite sharp. If you struggle, your whole body will be cut to pieces. That’s why I can’t even lift one of her fingertips.”
“this… … !”
Just as Amy was about to vent her anger, Xenoger said.
“Okay, here’s the problem. Then, when did the scars on Sirone’s body appear? 1, before being caught in a spider’s web. Number 2, after being caught in a spider web.”
Amy didn’t know why that was important in the current situation.
However, as he pondered Xenogor’s words, his face grew red. If the answer was the latter, he was going to twist Xenoger’s neck no matter what.
“You will never forgive me.”
When Amy was furious, Zenoger found comfort. In fact, number two was his favorite game. If you place it on top of a spider’s web and injure it little by little, the prey can move or not.
Unfortunately, the correct answer was number 1.
Sirone’s sense of recognizing the existence of the assassin was truly amazing even to Jenoger. After 10 minutes of tracking, I was just about to be caught in a spider’s web.
I heard Ji-on’s voice from the entrance of the warehouse.
“What, is it not over yet?”
Amy looked back with a bewildered look. Zion, her tentacles hanging down like the legs of her octopus, was arrogantly looking down at her with her hands behind her back.
Amy and Rayna immediately turned their backs.
Sirone is captured by the assassin and even blocked from retreating. The whole situation was working against me.
However, Ji-on did not pay attention to the two women.
It was unexpected that Reina chased this far, but it was a rat in a poison anyway. She was more interested in Sirone, who was caught in her web rather than him.
Landing on the ground, Xenoger bowed and saluted.
“Are you here, Prince? I was just about to finish it.”
“finish? It’s way past the promised time. How did this happen?”
“sorry.”
Xenoger made no excuses. No matter how excellent an assassin he is, he can only give one reprieve to those who possess <The Last Scream of the Jaeger Family>, but Spatour’s pride comes only from his skills.
Ji-on waved his hand as if he was annoyed.
“Okay, let’s get this done quickly. Cut Sirone’s head.”
Xenoger immediately lowered his head and climbed onto the web that was tied to Sirone. But when I was about to finish the work, there was someone who came to mind.
“Is one person still invisible?”
I was talking about Arius.
But Zion didn’t care.
The flicker magic, the exclusive patent of the Scale Wizard, can be said to be short-distance space movement that occurs from extreme space-time distortion.
Even if they were imprisoned, if they didn’t have a magic control device, they would move to the other side in an instant.
Therefore, time and space were not so important to Arius. He was probably looking for an opportunity to appear at some coordinate in time and space by now.
“I will be waiting. Now, quickly separate Sirone’s head from her body.”
“All right.”
Amy shouted, adopting a fighting stance.
“You are laughing! Who do you think would let that happen?”
Ji-on finally looked back at the women and spewed out his life. Tentacles rose over his shoulders, ready to poke out like witch’s claws.
Even in her distant consciousness, Sirone sensed that the armor surrounding Zeon’s body was Armand’s reality.
I thought that if I stayed like this, everyone would die, so I struggled and shouted, not caring about the fact that my flesh was being torn.
“Run away! Take Raina sister and Amy and run away!”
Amy didn’t even listen with the back of her ear.
What’s the use of running away if Sirone dies? For now, I had no choice but to settle with Zeon.
Reina seemed to have come to the same conclusion, so she lengthened her stride and glared at Zeon.
Auguste is a family that worships swords. Although he did not carry his weapon, the skills he had honed since childhood were never easy.
Amy and Reina split left and right and attacked Zeon with pincers. Unexpectedly, Armand’s reaction weakened noticeably.
No matter how symbiote it is, all judgments are made by Zeon. However, since he had no combat experience, he could not properly respond to the diversionary action, and as such, Armand’s tentacles could not find the exact point of impact.
Amy immediately noticed the change in her partner.
‘You look at me funny! I’ll pay you back properly!’
Ji-on gritted his teeth in an unexpected situation. Armand was blocking the visible magic with his tentacles, but Reina, who was invisible, was concerned.
“damn! These girls!”
Zeon retreated as far as he could and blocked the door. If you can subdue your opponent anyway, you should at least block the escape route.
But that was exactly what the two of them were aiming for.
Reina took a long detour through the warehouse and jumped on the sack.
“It’s here!”
Any other knight would not have looked back at Reina’s voice. It’s a fact that even a child knows who is more dangerous between Reina who fights with her bare hands and Amy who uses her magic.
However, Zeon looked back with a sense of urgency, and Amy cast a fire strike aiming at the blind spot.
‘finished!’
The moment Amy thought so, her body was suddenly seized by a strange power and flew away. She struggled to get out of her inertia, but it was beyond her control.
In the middle of the flight, it was only when I looked back at Reina that I realized what had happened.
The skein that flew like a cannon came loose and turned into a spider’s web and attacked Reina. Her body clung to the wall near the ceiling with cobwebs.
The moment I checked that far, Amy felt a strong pain in her back as she was slammed into the wall.
I looked down at the cobwebs that were holding me down. Even if she tried to break it by force, it was too tough.
If the thing holding Sirone was a steel wire as sharp as a blade, it was like sticky slime.
Reina and Amy struggled with all their might, but they weren’t Xenogers to be left alone.
Xenoger inflated his upper body like a balloon and spewed out cobweb beads from his mouth.
A series of spider webs stretched out at the mid-point and continued to cover Reina and Amy.
“Aww!”
Each time the spider’s web adhered to it, the restraining force became stronger.
As more than five sheets stuck together, Amy was eventually immobilized. It was the same for Reina, who was on the wall opposite her.
“Cheuk, wait too long. Are you all right, Prince?”
Only then did Jion let go of the hour and come down to the floor. I was very satisfied to see the three people who looked like flying flies, unable to even struggle and restrained.
—————————————

=============ZZZZZ=============
