=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-329.txt
=============YYYYY=============
[329] Battle Mage’s Philosophy (3)
Dante said with an absurd expression when he felt the energy of the craftsman in Sirone’s eyes as he sewed.
“Hey, do you really have to sew here?”
“That’s the only coat I brought. And doing it outside is hard because your hands are frozen.”
Sirone breathed heavily on her still cold hands and focused on sewing again.
After ordering tea at the counter, Dante brings back an Armand that Sirone leaned against the wall on his way back.
Sirone only looked at Armand. The demonic sword, which had been so picky, was as quiet as a mouse.
It’s as if Dante deserves to take care of himself.
Because of the people’s attention, Dante set the sword upright without pulling it out and inspected the exterior.
“Hey, so this is an S-class object.”
I had heard a rough explanation on the way.
A demonic sword equipped with the concepts of Rated Control and Armed Forces.
It was an impeccable weapon that not only amplified mana, but also had the function of maximizing physical airborne ability.
Dante threw Armand into the wall. Then, Sirone brought it back to its original position with rated control.
Dante, who confirmed it with his own eyes, said with a smile.
“It is a good weapon. Considering the rarity, it is understandable that it is over 4 billion gold.”
Amy, who had been sitting back and warming herself by the fireplace, turned her head and said,
“You say 4 billion gold easily? After all, the Erhein family is a chaebol family that ranks 20th in the kingdom’s business world. But why would the young master of such a house obtain and drink coffee?”
“haha! Coffee brewed by someone else tastes better. The coffee that someone else buys is even better. And if you get 4 billion gold for a single sword, even my parents would have their jaws wide open.”
Said Sirone, who fastened the first button and connected the needle to the second button.
“Sorry. I was going to sell it for about 3 billion if I was interested.”
I heard the sound of Armand’s jewels trembling.
“I am not interested in collecting things in particular. It’s a caution not to buy souvenirs even when traveling.”
Dante, who says that S-class objects are just collections, was certainly not a normal human being.
But Sirone liked that.
After all, wizards are the kind of people who don’t see anything other than what they like.
The clerk brought tea while Sirone finished sewing and put the coat back on.
Sirone and Amy were silent for a long time while drinking juice and cocoa.
Until earlier, they were giggling and dying happily, but when Dante was there, they suddenly came in and out.
Dante sat obliquely with his legs crossed, sipping his coffee and watching the two of them.
Then he pointed at Amy with his coffee cup hand.
“How are you anyway?”
“huh? what?”
“I don’t think either of you are the type to go on a leisurely date. Traveling up, what is that?”
Sirone put down his glass and looked back at Amy. It was the first time she talked about her graduation exam.
“Hmm.”
Amy put her chin on her chin and looked out the window.
“I honestly don’t know. It’s not that I’m not motivated, but should I say it’s too vague?”
Amy also spoke with a calm expression.
“Anyway, you did your best for six years, didn’t you? But I ended up dropping out. I don’t know what to do anymore. I also feel that it is not possible to simply improve my skills. So what… … .”
Amy snorted and shrugged.
“I’m in the process of refining it. It must be a psychological problem called the second challenge. I will have to find or create a special occasion.”
Dante nodded.
Of course, he doesn’t even consider the possibility of failing the graduation exam. But if he had fallen, he would have had the same troubles as Amy now.
“Right. But what exactly was the situation at the time? Of course, I also watched the game, but it is different from playing in the field.”
Sirone looked at Amy with a nervous expression. She will be a memory of her that she never wants to recall.
But what I wanted to hear was also true.
Especially since he had to deal with Fermi’s party after vacation, the more information he had, the better.
Fortunately, Amy didn’t look particularly distressed. It seemed that the period of one-dimensional suffering had already been overcome.
“I was mass lynched… … It’s from 1 minute 32 seconds after the battle begins.”
Amy’s crimson eyes glowed red as she pulled out the information of the time.
“As soon as the person-to-person combat item was hit, 2,000 times were activated, and all participants moved at high speed. At that time, the first thing I thought I should aim for was Samuel. Other contestants seemed to have the same idea.”
Sirone said.
“Because Sanuel is a magician.”
“that’s right. It takes time for the spirit magic to activate. At the time of training, Sanuel’s ultrasonography level was 148 syllables per sec. Intermediate magic takes at least 4 seconds to cast. However, since the power of amplification is enormous once the commandment is completed, it is the first target to be eliminated in the person-to-person combat category. But Fermi broke the tide.”
Amy’s face changed seriously.
“It was really strange. that feeling. discomfort. Of course, at the time of the battle, I wasn’t in the mood to even think about collusion, but I think I instinctively decided to change her target to Fermi. As it turned out, she was wrong. I couldn’t see the target clearly because of the licen’s plasma. So he tried melee combat, and I think he played the promised play on that side.”
Amy was silent for a while. She seemed to be reliving the circumstances of the time when she made a probably fatal mistake.
As if to shake off remorse, she exhaled deeply. Then she came back to her reality and dropped her shoulders.
“After that, the charter turned, and as you know, I was unilaterally pushed out and was eliminated early.”
Dante, lost in thought, asked.
“But I heard that Fermi and the others used that tactic from before? It’s a promised play.”
“that’s right. It’s not like I wasn’t prepared either. When you enter your senior year, you train for six test subjects in rotation. You can figure out the faction, and you can also know each person’s skills. But on test day, something was different. Even if you think the promised play is part of the tactic, there is no need for them to block Sanuel’s barrage. But the mood has completely gone. I still don’t know why it happened.”
“The atmosphere has gone… … .”
If they were able to change the atmosphere of the battlefield at will in a person-to-person battle, it meant that their skills were much better than expected.
However, there is no reason why Amy’s eyesight cannot see through what she is hiding. That’s why Amy is also confused.
‘It’s not just a camouflage tactic. There is something undisclosed. Perhaps the subject… … .’
Fermi, the first in the graduating class.
You can completely hide your allies’ skills, or you can dramatically improve your allies’ skills.
I don’t know which method to use, but it was clear that I could do one of two things.
“Hmm, it seems that I was pushed out of power after all. Then there is no excuse. Somehow Master Olivia didn’t step forward.”
Amy shook her head.
Of course, I have no intention of making excuses for defeat. But it wasn’t that I was eliminated because of my poor skills.
Had it been a normal confrontation, at least the neutral factions would have been able to make it to the final 10 if they hadn’t been swayed by Fermi.
“If the rules are like that, I don’t want to argue. But compared to the contestants, my skills were by no means inferior. I’m not saying that Sanuel should have suffered instead of me. If Fermi can control the flow of the battlefield, it means that anyone caught in the target will have no choice but to fall.”
Dante blinked in surprise. Judging by the look on Amy’s expression, she said she was serious.
“I admit that it can be unfair. But the opponent ended up like that, right? So, isn’t it an accurate expression to say that I was pushed out of my power?”
Amy put down her juice glass and sighed.
“Haa, I keep not understanding… … .”
“No, I fully understand. Fermi’s group controlled the flow of the battlefield, and everyone targeted you.”
“So you’re saying it’s my fault? why? Because I’m usually unlucky? Or because I look the most comfortable?”
“Don’t be so excited… … .”
“I don’t look excited!”
Amy hit the table and got up. The eyes of the people in her cafe were on her.
Conscious of them, Amy quietly sat down. But her face was still flushed.
“Okay, since one’s thoughts are free. But I struggled for a year in my senior year and took the exam. Dante If you were in the same situation as me, would you say the same thing?”
Dante did not answer.
Of course, his thoughts did not change.
However, it seemed that even if I tried to piss her off, she wouldn’t get a cold answer.
‘… … Although I think that.’
Dante is a wizard. And Amy was also a wizard. Hiding the truth because of emotions was not suitable for either.
“Don’t be silly, Amy.”
Anger welled up in Amy’s eyes.
“A fool? I?”
“Okay, then shall we ask Sirone? What do you think of the results of this graduation exam?”
When Amy turned around, Sirone swallowed dryly. No matter what she said, he wouldn’t like Amy.
“Sirone, do you think so too? Am I fooling around like Dante said?”
“Uh, there… … well? I am… … .”
“Tell me honestly. I acknowledge Dante’s ability and I acknowledge you too. If two people are looking at me like that, that’s right. What I want to know is the exact truth.”
Amy was sincere.
As a student majoring in magic, I wasn’t weak enough to be comforted by the lies I was told.
Above all, believe in yourself.
It wasn’t because I was weak or because my skills were lacking that I failed the graduation exam.
Sirone mumbled, unable to bear the weight of the silence, and spoke out with difficulty.
“It is true that it was a morally wrong test. But no matter what happens… … I think a wizard should be able to win.”
Amy lost all strength in her body.
If even Sirone said that, there was a high probability that he was mistaken.
But my heart couldn’t accept it.
‘A fool? I?’
I have never been lazy while studying magic. He prided himself on fighting harder than anyone else.
But are you stupid?
More than anything, what makes the billions collapse is that their judgment, which they do not even understand, is highly likely to be true.
said Dante.
“Of course you are strong. The ability to rise to 5th place in the graduating class in one year is an undeniable fact.”
Amy’s gaze slowly turned to Dante.
“But strictly speaking, it is because you are so talented.”
“Talent… … say?”
“Currently, Alpheas Magic School has students who are as good as the Royal Magic School. Iruki as a Servant, Nade of alchemy, Arin of ultra-lightness, Canis who handles magic creatures, Sirone who is an unlocker, and me who uses the central arithmetic magic circle. Of course, Sabina and Closer are also tough. Boil of summoning magic and Pandora of scent magic also have one specialized talent.”
Amy was silently listening to Dante.
“But from my point of view, if I were to rank them based on what they were born with… … .”
Dante took a sip of his coffee and pointed at Amy.
“It is you. Amy, you are the best at Alpheas Magic School.”
Amy wasn’t happy.
I still couldn’t figure out what Dante was trying to say.
—————————————

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-33.txt
=============YYYYY=============
Please enable JavaScript
[Translator – Anwen]
Chapter 33
Moving from point A to point B took no more than 1 second. It was quite difficult to calculate variables in your head since you were limited to that 1-second time frame. And above all, due to the nature of teleportation, short distances had to be repeated several times, meaning multiple calculations.
“Ah, I get it now.”
Shirone slapped his forehead. You couldn’t calculate with your head, but you could still feel with your intuition.
Just as the number of leaves in a tree could be counted through the Spirit Zone, the speed of light was also perceivable through insight.
This was exactly what Alpheas wanted. A magic that anyone could utilize, but not everyone could master.
Shirone gained confidence. Although he lagged behind in terms of omniscience, he had been honing and polishing his omnipotence every day since he was 12 years old.
30 days left until the exam.
Shirone did his best to expand his knowledge of Kergos’ theory on photonization. After class, he spent night and day digging through the books in his dormitory. After 20 days of doing so, he could no longer find a book that could offer him anything new.
So from that day onwards, he started visiting a training ground dedicated to Class 7. The training ground was empty, presumably because his classmates had better, more private training areas.
Shirone combined the omniscience of the photonization theory with the omnipotence of the Spirit Zone. He found it difficult to grasp the feeling because this was his first attempt.
Shirone stood between omniscience and omnipotence. In that state, as soon as Shirone erased himself, the omniscience and omnipotence grew an affinity with each other. They then attached themselves as the magic activated.
Shirone cast the magic while in a state of trance. As he felt his body disintegrate, a light flashed before his eyes. At the same time, he bobbed his head to move forward, the distorted world crashing down on him.
“AHHHHH!”
Shirone, after traveling 5 meters, rolled on the floor. He felt like all the bones in his body were breaking.
“Ughh…”
As he grit his teeth and endured the pain, the word ‘failure’ got engraved in his mind. If the mass was not completely reduced by the photonization, the impact force from the speed would follow. Hard.
It was a magic too dangerous to try alone.
However, Shirone, who had no upperclassmen to ask for advice, let alone a private teacher, had no choice but to learn by tackling it with his body. And while yes Amy and Ms. Siena offered to help, he could not accept either. He chose not to out of principle.
‘I won’t give up. I’ll definitely succeed.’
From that day onwards, Shirone went through numerous trials and errors to correct anything he was doing wrong. An ignorant method at first glance, but in the end, only muscle memory would remain when facing the actual test.
A few days later, a mysterious person suddenly appeared on the training grounds and started watching Shirone. They could have been a spy sent by someone, but Shirone didn’t care. There was no other suitable place to train.
How many times did he roll on the floor and bust his lips on the ground? He had bruises all over his body while his muscles did not forget to ache each time he woke up in the morning.
The day before the exam.
With ten minutes to go before midnight, Shirone stumbled back to his position.
“Never give up… Never give up…”
His throat was dry and sore from inhaling all the dust. He stood in the center of the training ground with half-open eyes.
He had corrected most of his mistakes by this point. All he had to learn now was perseverance in front of pain and gain the will to overcome fear.
Shirone couldn’t move. He was too afraid to teleport. His stamina had fallen to the point that it could no longer get any lower, while his bones and muscles were bruised so bruised that just a light brush of anything left them throbbing in pain.
“Let’s do it… I have to do it…”
Shirone muttered these words as his consciousness began to fade. He was mentally knocked out. But maybe that was a good thing as he did not have to put in any effort to erase himself.
“Te…Teleportation.”
Shirone’s body stretched 10 meters out. His speed was not comparable to light, but to the naked eye, it seemed as if he was.
After arriving at point B, Shirone hurriedly straightened his upper body as it was about to drop forward.
He just stood there for a long time. He didn’t feel it. This time around, he didn’t feel any pain.
“Hehe… I did it.”
Then the midnight bell rang loud.
Hearing the reverent sound, Shirone dropped to the ground from his standing position. The smell of dirt irritated the tip of his nose.
The result of the 30 days of training was only 10 meters. But still, this was the first time he had successfully leaped 10 meters.
‘How much farther can I go with this?’
To cross the Bridge That Cannot Be Crossed, he had to cast a minimum of 70 teleportation magics as the bridge was 700 meters in length. Furthermore, since this was a race, he had to pay careful attention to his stamina as well.
Casting a single teleportation magic was much more costly than casting a single attack magic.
This was because it was simply better to just run fast rather than use teleportation that only moved you 10 meters forward. It was more efficient.
Ultimately, the key was connectivity.
If you could not cast it consecutively, teleportation was a magic one was better off not using.
If one arrived at their destination in a fully photonized state, the inertia would disappear. And thanks to this, the mage’s body would not shatter and be destroyed due to the inertia.
‘I don’t have time for this. I shouldn’t be lying down. I have to practice a little more. At the very least, I should be reinforcing the connecting part…’
Shirone’s determination remained the same, but sadly he couldn’t lift a finger. His consciousness was tugged into an abyss, and Shirone’s eyelids closed gently.
And just like that, the morning dawned.
[Translator – Anwen]
Join our discord for updates on releases!
Come and read on our website wuxia worldsite. Thanks
Mark opened the window and enjoyed the fresh morning breeze. He stretched and went into the bathroom to wash his face. The smile on his face did not fade while he got changed.
Today was going to be a historic day in his life.
‘Promoting from Class 7 at full speed. Haha. I’m already looking forward to the kind of treatment Class 5 will give me.’
Mark was incredibly strong at the young age of 15. In the magic world, physical appearance was not very important, but young children were still intimidated by height. And in addition to that, he was gifted with magic talent, so there was no brave soul who dared to bother him in Class 7. Thanks to that, he gained this opportunity by driving Shirone into a corner, so knowing that he made this opportunity fall into his hands, it strengthened his pride.
“How do you feel, young master?”
A slender man opened the door and greeted Mark. It was the mage who taught Mark teleportation for a month. Although Mark was pressed for time to hire someone quickly, he managed to find someone who was a certified Grade 9 mage.
“All right. How about Shirone?”
“Still the same. Even if teleportation is easy to learn, there is a limit to training alone. Even if he takes the promotion exam, he won’t even be able to come close to the young master.”
“Hmm. But I shouldn’t let my guard down. His Spirit Zone is bigger than mine.”
Mark was satisfied with what he had just said. It was often said that the weakness of genius was laziness. But Mark thought himself different. In his head, with his natural talent and hard-working character, there was no way he could lose against Shirone.
“By the way, how many kids are participating in the operation?”
“As of yesterday, four.”
“That’s quite small. After all, receiving private tutoring from a certified mage is rare.”
“They either do not know their limits or are simply ignorant. Or maybe too prideful.”
Mark snorted at the thought of the students who refused to participate in the operation. Those losers who had not a speck of talent were blinded by the opportunity for early promotion and kicked off the lucky chance with their feet.
‘Well, whatever floats their boats. Let them do whatever they want. I’m the one who will get promoted anyway. It’s Mark Slider’s victory.’
The House of Slider was not very high up in the social class. However, despite being 3rd-class nobles, most of the family members worked for the Magic Association, so in the magic society, they had a pretty significant influence.
In any competition, if there was an upper rank, there of course would also be a lower rank. Mark decided to draw in half-baked kids with poor grades to form an operational group. When he offered to help them get a job at the association after graduation, several chose to come over. They concluded that it was more realistic to make a deal than to pass through the eye of a needle.
“Four people are enough. We can just crush him from the beginning.”
“How about teleportation”
Mark opened the door and gave a thumbs-up as he walked out.
“Perfect. I will cross over 700 meters with my eyes closed.”
“I wish you all the best, Young Master.”
The certified Grade 9 mage was courteous to Mark ’til the end. From his perspective, he was a distant lowerclassman, but Mark was the son of his employer, who was a technical advisor at the Magic Association.
Mark headed to the Intermediate class building. There was no class because it was the day of the promotion exam, but students who were not participating in the exam remained and were studying on their own. Mark also visited this place for a meeting with the operation team.
As expected, the expressions of the students self-studying on their own were not good. It was because of the sense of shame they had for knowing they did not have a chance in the exam.
Mark enjoyed a sense of superiority whenever he looked at their faces. He burst out laughing when he thought that the kids who were left in the classroom today would probably be polishing shoes after going out to society.
“Yo, Maria! Are you giving up on the exam?”
Mark raised his hand at Maria, who was approaching from afar. Then Maria’s face turned pale. She had become an outcast ever since she filed a complaint to Siena about Shirone’s bullying.
Mark looked abhorrently at the helpless Maria.
‘Tsk. This bat-like girl. She goes out and snitches on us, forgetting the times we used to bully together? So old and so useless. Why the hell is this thing even attending the academy?’
Frightened Maria spoke first.
“Mark, you didn’t go to the training ground? Are you going to self-study like us?”
“Haha! You seriously think that? I’m not you. I just came here to meet my friends because I have some time to kill.”
Maria, who was being condescended by Mark who was four years younger, turned gloomy. However, she couldn’t even blame anyone because she was the one who lacked the talent and skills.
“Forget me, what are you doing here? What difference can you make by studying today? That’s why your grades look like that. Come up to the training ground and take a look. Watch us. Observe. Observing those who are talented is also another form of studying, you know.”
“Yes, I guess so…”
Maria gave an awkward smile while listening to Mark. She just wanted to end the conversation quickly and leave.
“W-Well, then, good luck. I really hope you pass.”
“Kekeke! Do you really think so?”
Maria’s heart sank at Mark’s sneering.
“I’ve only tolerated you for so long because you were in the same class as me. But if I become an upperclassman, you better be prepared. I won’t forget the time you snitched on us.”
Maria urgently tried to make an excuse, but her mind went blank and she couldn’t think of anything. In the end, she resigned and ended up bowing her head as she walked off.
Mark snorted while watching her walk away. He entered the classroom where the operation team gathered. Four classmates were waiting in the empty classroom.
Three men and one woman. They were students who had been training for a month to interfere with Shirone’s path. In particular, the place they focused on was the situation that would happen within 100 meters.
Shirone for sure knew he was being kept in check, so he was definitely going to go all out in the beginning. Eliminating him by using any method possible before that happens was the key.
They had to be careful since a deliberate collision could lead to them being disciplined, but from Mark’s point of view, it didn’t matter if they crashed into him. He thought so because he felt that their sacrifice was equal to the compensation he was going to give them.
“So how is it? You guys must have set up a plan, right?”
“Yes. As soon as the exam starts, the two of us will cling to Shirone. In the meantime, the other two will cover you. If Shirone breaks free from us, we’ll at least have another two waiting.”
The number of opportunities they had to fail Shirone was at most two times. However, considering his victory was going to be determined within the first 100 meters in the exam, Mark was pretty satisfied with the plan.
Shirone’s leaping distance was probably a standard of 10 meters. If so, the operation team needed to bring him down within the first 10 times they cast teleportation magic.
“I won’t forget your help today. I will lead you guys if I get an early promotion.”
“Okay. We’ll be trusting you.”
Mark was satisfied. Everything was going according to plan. He was going to be the winner.
“Great! Shall we get started?”
Join our discord for updates on releases!

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-330.txt
=============YYYYY=============
[330] Battle Mage’s Philosophy (4)
“Hongan. So self-image memory corrects errors in the shortest time. This is a really great ability. In terms of talent alone, it would be the best on the continent, not Alpheas Magic School. That is proven by the many geniuses from your family.”
Amy couldn’t resist.
The pretensions of the Karmis family, or even the older brothers of the original family, were already making their names known on the continent in their field at a young age.
“So what? I’ve never thought of leaning on my family until now! Are you saying that I came to this place because of my talent? I’ve always been trying to stand up for myself.”
“okay. That’s what foolishness is.”
Amy’s face hardened.
“I’d rather lean on the family. What you have, what your family has. You have to fight with everything. Are you saying that while you are born with something that other people want but cannot have, you throw it away just because you want to try it on your own? That’s what foolishness is.”
“I am… … That thought… … .”
“Do you remember the kids I met at the skating rink? Did you say zocre? Eins Magic School is honestly not prestigious. Their talents will be far inferior to yours. Even so, they find their own way to live and become wizards. Did you drop out because you didn’t have enough luck? No, Amy. You are competing in the 5 most prestigious in the kingdom. People who are more unfair than you are widely spread in the world. If you want to become a wizard, if you want to become the best wizard at that, you have to fight and overcome whatever situation comes your way.”
Amy bowed her head.
The anger was soon gone.
No, it felt like everything had gone back to square one.
Dante was right.
The place he was in was the Alpheas Magic School, where the best talents in the kingdom gathered, and it was the graduating class at the top.
A place where no excuses can be made.
In a battlefield where talented people who only look at the best collide, talking about this and that is nothing more than the nonsense of a person with a full stomach.
“Then I… … what to do.”
I couldn’t jump over the wall and stood at the starting point again.
The second will be faster.
But it was just an idea in my head.
Now you must overcome yourself. And that was the first ordeal for Amy.
‘Amy… … .’
Sirone looked at Amy pitifully.
Dante’s straightforward way of speaking must have been a big shock to Amy. But he couldn’t intervene.
It wasn’t an arrogant thought that it would help Amy.
Because Dante’s words are true.
A silence fell over the table.
They couldn’t hear the laughter of the tourists clamoring from all sides.
Dante looked at Amy while drinking cold coffee.
There is nothing special about her. But it was also Amy who stood out the most in her graduation exams.
“Shall I tell you why you were eliminated?”
Amy raised her head again.
Sirone, who was lost in thought, also looked at Dante.
If it was Dante’s analysis, whose major was information processing, it would be worth listening to regardless of the situation.
“Of course, the only thing I could see with my own eyes that you were using magic was the graduation exam. And that’s less than 5 minutes. But even in such a short period of time, there are things I just don’t understand.”
“Are you saying I made a mistake?”
“no. It’s a problem closer to the essence than that. To begin with, you have a fatal flaw. In particular, if you aim to become a battle mage, you are missing something you must have.”
I never thought of myself as having a weakness. So Amy swallowed her saliva and waited for her words to follow.
Dante raised his coffee cup and turned his head. After choosing his words for a moment, he pouted his lips and said.
“For you… … I have no style.”
“style?”
Amy asked back at the unexpected words. However, Sirone was nodding her head slightly.
no style
It was a word that implied the sense of incongruity that I had vaguely felt while working with Amy.
It was only possible because of the eyes of Dante, who had the best defensive power in the kingdom, that he clearly saw Amy’s weaknesses after seeing only 5 minutes of battle.
Sirone added a word.
“To put it mildly, it is omnipotent. I’ve felt it before, but you’re so great that it’s a mask.”
Amy’s face heated up at Sirone’s words. After she was shocked by Dante’s direct words, she felt more embarrassed.
“Are you kidding me?”
Dante shook his head.
“No, there is some truth in what Sirone said. From what I’ve seen, you tend to have complete control over the situation. Because you can do it.”
“Why is that a problem?”
“It is not a very big problem. Your gimmick is sniper mode. Most mages direct the situation to an environment where their organs can specialize. Style arises from there. The reason why Sirone likes the strategy of suppressing with brute force is because it has an immortal function. I like counters because I enjoy analyzing them. but you are different If sniper mode doesn’t work, they’ll find a second solution right away.”
Amy felt as if she had been hit in the head with a hammer.
“You know what is really serious? In the end, you do it. I’m looking for a second solution. It’s so witty. But how long can that method work?”
Amy’s lips trembled.
It’s stupid. stupid
How come I never thought about it?
“Usually you’ll hit a wall at the student level. But your talent was thrown away all the way to your senior year. Then, at the most crucial moment, I hit a wall.”
Dante opened his palms and clashed his fists.
“It just happened that all the contestants were aiming for you. It was the first time I experienced a situation that could not be done with talent alone in front of a level of difficulty that soared sharply compared to the senior class class. The difficulties I and Sirone experienced early came too late for you. Fermi must have already known, your fatal weakness. That is why you were chosen as a sacrifice.”
Dante recalled the graduation exam and gave an example.
“The moment you sensed the sudden change in the charter, you gave up on Sanuel and went after Fermi. They would have judged that the schema would give them an edge in close combat. But I’ve been there for four months. The moment you feel uncomfortable, you should have opened the distance unconditionally. I had to somehow lead him to a situation where he could specialize in sniper mode. But it didn’t.”
Sirone answered.
“Because I had the confidence that I could solve it somehow.”
Dante nodded.
“It is impossible to control every situation in melee. In battle, the time needed to make a decision is even one second longer. If the options are divided, there will inevitably be a delay. So style matters. Believe in your style and bet everything on it.”
Amy recalled the situation in Kazura where she was tied to Xenoger’s web.
I had a lot on my mind at the time.
However, if he had only focused on what he could do, he could have melted the web with Ignite and escaped.
“Perhaps you analyzed everything in your senior year. The combat power, judgment, habits, behavior, etc. of all participants. After analyzing all of them, you decided that you had an advantage, right?”
Amy readily admitted.
“that’s right. Exactly.”
“But I didn’t think of the style. It’s just as important as fighting power. You have to know how to avoid and wait if you don’t match. If I go back now and fight Sirone from back then, there’s probably a 90% chance I’ll win.”
Sirone meekly nodded.
There is no if in history, but if the past self and the current Dante were to face each other, nine out of nine times it would be a losing battle.
“Combat is a matter where superiority cannot be measured simply by skill alone. Extremely speaking, it’s enough to destroy Sirone’s Ataraxia before it’s finished. But why didn’t I succeed? It was because Sirone also constantly induced the situation to his advantage. A clash of styles and styles. That’s a wizard’s battle.”
Amy hung her head and did not move.
He was so full of thoughts of magic that he couldn’t see anything.
said Dante.
“Well, I pretended to be proud, but if a similar situation came up, I might be eliminated too. But I’m not going to drop out early without trying anything like you. Anyway, this is the result of my analysis of you in the graduation exam.”
Amy then raised her head. Her expression was still sad, but her excitement was gone.
“Thank you for being honest.”
Having analyzed the pros and cons of an opponent who would become a competitor next year was something I was thankful for, no matter what the reason.
Dante, perhaps embarrassed by the solemn atmosphere, finished his story and stood up.
“Looks like you brought up something stupid on a date. Anyway, I’ll stop and see. you guys have fun too See you later at school.”
Sirone escorted her outside the door.
Dante peered at Amy through the window outside the café.
Confirming her sullen expression, he turned to Sirone and scratched his head.
“sorry. The atmosphere seemed good, but I interrupted and ruined it.”
Dante, who had been in love at the Royal Magic School, was sensing a subtle air current flowing between Sirone and Amy.
The fact that Amy came along on the trip alone means that she was thinking about it to some extent.
If the atmosphere at the skating rink had continued, the tomorrows of Sirone and Amy could have been different.
But today’s advice made Amy’s thoughts complicated.
As a man like him, it was natural to feel sorry for him.
But Sirone didn’t think so. Rather, he was grateful to Dante for giving Amy advice.
“are you okay. If it wasn’t for you, Amy’s problems wouldn’t have been found. It really helped me a lot. Of course, Amy will have to research the solution herself.”
Dante smiled bitterly.
It was Sirone who didn’t seem to have asked anything about the time of the world.
Well, in a sense, Amy belonged to the same department as Sirone, so it could be said that they met properly.
Dante has always had instant love. It suited her personality, so she had no complaints about it.
But on the other hand, I thought it would be fun to slowly come to terms with my feelings like a slug.
“It wasn’t advice I gave specifically for Amy. After all, there will be Fermi and the others next year anyway. The more counterhorses you make, the better. anyway see you next time Have fun and go.”
Dante waved his hand and walked away.
Seeing him leaving as lightly as when he came, Sirone could feel the composure and freedom of a traveler.
‘I hope it will be a good trip for you too.’
midwinter night (1)
It was winter, so the sun went down early.
The old castle ruins are closed at 6 o’clock, so Dante stopped traveling and headed back to his lodgings.
‘What’s the point of just going in, should I drink beer?’
When you are eighteen, you can buy alcohol outside.
Dante did not like strong alcohol, but liked to sip beer while traveling.
The shopping district was teeming with people escaping from tourist spots.
While I was walking down the street looking for a place where I could drink comfortably, I saw a young woman protesting in front of the entrance of a bar on the 3rd floor.
The striking outfit caught Dante’s attention.
He was wearing a loose-fitting suit with sleeves that went down to his wrists, and was tightened around his waist with a white belt. Her robe came down to her ankles, and her skirt was red.
Dante guessed that he was the person involved in the ritual.
If you see that you are carrying a large backpack that does not suit your slender figure, it means that you have traveled a long time or come from far away.
Maybe mid 20’s?
A fine appearance with pure white skin that seems to have never seen sunlight. Her black hair, tied high at the top of her head, hung down to her waist.
—————————————

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-331.txt
=============YYYYY=============
[331] Midwinter Night (2)
The outfit, which looked like it would freeze to death at any moment, was a delightful eye candy for drunken people.
However, the woman was preaching a message to people, not paying attention to the gaze that was looking at her.
“The end of the world is coming. It’s dangerous here. Everyone, leave the castle quickly.”
‘end? What are you talking about out of the blue?’
Dante did not take it seriously.
There are people who give up even their lives because they are preoccupied with pseudo-religions.
The character of the ice queen itself was a legend processed for the festival, so it didn’t make sense that it was dangerous.
I couldn’t find a single person who listened seriously, as if the tourists had the same idea.
“If it’s the end anyway, isn’t it the same wherever you go? Where do you go when you leave here? Surely you’re not asking me to die in the arms of the sickest wife waiting at home? Fuhahaha!”
“I heard and saw it. That’s never going to happen. Miss, if you need attention, why don’t you stop talking nonsense and dance?”
The woman looked at them straight in the face without changing a single expression, perhaps accustomed to this kind of tamusi, and confronted them.
“It’s not a lie. This is an oracle from the goddess Achaeans, who controls the melody of time.”
“Aceanis? I have never heard of such a religion.”
“You have to take my word for it! Sooner or later, the dawn of the apocalypse will take place here. Everyone dies!”
“Okay, okay. I’ll trust you, so let’s go inside. Let’s talk while drinking.”
When the tall man hugged the woman by the shoulders, she pushed it away with both hands and shouted.
“Don’t put your ungodly hand on it!”
“Ugh! this lady really Don’t do that, come in. What kind of bad person am I?”
The woman reached into the cylinder slung across the bottom of her backpack, pulled out something, and thrust it into the man’s neck.
At first glance, I thought it was a quiver, but when I looked at the contents, it was a thin iron core 50 cm long.
The tip was sharp like an awl, and inside the ring on the other side was a small bell that jingled.
Feeling the force of being stabbed, the giant hurriedly removed his hand from the woman and stepped back.
“Oops, with my temper.”
As the business grew, tourists who had not considered it a big deal became interested and gathered.
Dante heard the men standing behind them exchanging trivial jokes.
“She was crazy. She looks just fine, though. How about it, shall we play with you today?”
“Arthur. You can bleed while dealing with a woman like that. How do you know what will happen?”
“It’s a pity though. She is a rare beauty.”
Dante studied the woman carefully.
“It’s Achaeans… … .”
Dante, who has a lot of interest in the psychic, was also a name he had never heard of.
Well, there are tens of thousands of religions in the world, so it was impossible to know the names of all the gods they believed in.
The woman was talking the same thing like a parrot.
“The end is coming. Hurry up and leave the old castle ruins! otherwise everyone will die. What I mean is true!”
“Will leaving solve it?”
People’s eyes were focused on Dante.
He drew more attention because he was the first person to take a woman’s story seriously.
said Dante, stepping forward.
“If the apocalypse really came, wouldn’t there have to be a solution? I don’t think it’s going to end with running away.”
When the woman confirmed that Dante was a younger boy than she was, she turned to the crowd with a look of disappointment.
“I am Totemist Lyria, a mage of the Akeanis Shrine. An edict will be attempted here tonight. Failure to do so can be dangerous. So, please leave here as soon as possible.”
Dante paid more attention to the fact that she was a mage than to the feeling of being ignored.
Mages are those who work in the Order of the Spirit, and the magic circles they use have many similarities to magic circles.
That’s why Dante, who majored in information magic, also studied the spirits, even if only on the surface.
If the magician materializes the phenomenon through an equal exchange, the magician strengthens one aspect of reason with the power of will.
The two are similar but different.
If the fire needs to be extinguished, the wizard will create water. However, the mage suppresses the will of fire by strengthening the will of water.
What governs the balance of the source.
Mages call this the law.
It was the ability to encompass a broader and wider range of phenomena, although it lacked a sharp taste like magical transformation.
Nevertheless, the reason why it does not receive attention in the western world is that the power of the law itself is not logical.
Mages, exactly white ones, are those who fight to destroy evil in the world.
However, good and evil are nothing more than artificial distinctions made after human beings were born.
But how can mages seal evil?
Due to the ambiguity of this proof, the reality was that people in the world disparaged the law as an imitation of magic, that is, alternative magic.
“There is no time! Get out of here before the day ends. Your life is at stake!”
Lyria appealed with a desperate voice, but people didn’t even listen.
Dante looked around, but when no one came forward, he approached her again.
“Can I help you?”
Lyria sighed softly without looking back at Dante.
‘Anyway, kids these days.’
It wasn’t just once or twice that I met a boy who behaved like this while going around to pray.
It seemed that being a magician in itself was a job that aroused quite a bit of curiosity among young children.
Looking at the boy’s appearance, he has a handsome face and a good style. She was even wearing ear piercings as if she had been playing around quite a bit.
‘But this time I picked the wrong opponent, kid.’
Lyria glared at Dante with cold eyes.
“It’s not for a kid like you to intervene. You should go home soon too. If you don’t want to offend your parents.”
Dante was about to reply, but one of the onlookers said:
“uh? that child… … Isn’t that Dante? Air servant Dante, the most promising wizard in the kingdom.”
The middle-aged man knew Dante’s face thanks to his work at the top of the magic material supply chain.
Even if they weren’t wizards, most people engaged in magic-related work were reading academic journals.
This is because there are hundreds of types of magical weapons that are newly developed each year, and it is necessary to analyze students’ needs to preoccupy popular products.
“huh? Is that boy a wizard? Doesn’t it look like that?”
“No, I am still a student. However, I heard that it is a skill that even pros cannot carelessly touch.”
The magician was a mysterious being to the common people.
Furthermore, the title of the kingdom’s best in any field was not given to just anyone, so people’s attention was focused.
Only then did Lilia correct her expression and look at Dante.
As a mage, she also knows much more about the wizarding society than ordinary people, so the feeling of disregard has completely disappeared.
“The best student in the kingdom?”
Dante licked his lips and shrugged.
“No, what… … Are you going to be number two now?”
The man working at the magic guild also knew that a boy named Sirone had defeated Dante.
But nostalgia for a champion is not easily forgotten.
It was also Dante who boasted an undefeated record since childhood, so the popularity of the public did not cool down easily.
Lyria didn’t care whether Dante was number one or number two. She was a mage with some expertise, and for the first time, it was important that she was taken seriously.
Dante pointed to the tavern on the third floor and said.
“This place is a bit different. Shall we go in and have a drink?”
Lyria looked at Dante with suspicion.
Even if he was an excellent wizard, it would be a different story if he flirted with him in this way.
“If you’re thinking of making a deal, find someone else.”
“What are you talking about? Work?”
“Then why are you trying to help me?”
“My major is magic circles. Will that deal with the sealed margins too? because I’m interested It might be useful for my major.”
“A magic circle?”
If the boy’s words are true, he will surely be able to help in his work.
Besides, if you are the kingdom’s best prospect, at least at the student level, doesn’t that mean you can handle the magic circle the best?
“good. let’s go in But I will not drink.”
“As you like. I just need a beer too.”
Only then did Lilia shake off the snow-covered hair and follow Dante into the bar.
“this… … It was taken away by a kid whose head didn’t even have blood.”
The old castle site was not only a dating course for lovers, but also a place for lonely singles to find a relationship.
Numerous young men who tried to challenge Lilia looked at the two with envious expressions.
* * *
8 o’clock in the evening.
The old castle site was so quiet.
The moonlight shimmered down on the statue made of ice.
Even the sound of laughter resounding from the distant shopping district could be heard reverently here.
Breaking the silence of the night, the two figures swiftly jumped over the collapsed wall and entered the deserted castle grounds.
Dante’s expression was serious.
If the story at the tavern was true, the old castle was never safe.
‘You see the future? Is it really possible?’
According to Lyria, the head of the Achaeans is a 70-year-old woman named Poriter.
It is said that she had the ability to recall what would happen in the future from birth, like déjà vu.
Rumors circulated that he had a mental illness when he was young. She was to the point of suspecting even herself of megalomania.
However, what is the probability that the scene of the future that suddenly came to mind coincides even by coincidence?
One day, at the age of 18, Poriter realized that he saw his village burnt down by bandits just as he had imagined.
You have the ability to see the future.
She said she had no foresight, although she herself could not tell by what means she could foresee what would happen in the future.
Rather, just as a person walking into the future recalls the past, images like old memories suddenly arise.
“Did someone like that say that there would be a disaster on the old castle ruins?”
Lillia nodded her head with eyes full of trust.
“A disaster is not just a disaster. He said that an entity capable of bringing about the end of the world would appear.”
“It is the end of the world. If you’re against such a great guy, there’s nothing we can do, right?”
“no. That’s why Professor Poriter is great. the future can change I don’t know what kind of disaster it is, but I just need to deal with it before it manifests itself. You remove the egg before it hatches.”
“Right. Have you thought of a way?”
“I’m going to use necromantic sorcery. His energy permeates this place now. After materializing it, I will immediately lock it in the barracks.”
“But will it be easy? What if it is stronger than expected?”
Lyria reached into the barrel she was wearing behind her waist, took out a needle, and shook her wrist to make a bell sound.
“That’s why I, the totemist, was dispatched. This totem has a birch wick embedded in it. If you strengthen the power of the law with this, you will be caught.”
Lyria planted her totem into the ground. Then she moved away and pulled out another totem, she said.
“It is true that there was a shortage of manpower because it was a sudden oracle. There is much more evil in the world than people think. Not only me, but most of the ancestral spirits are wandering around the world without even being able to enter their homes.”
Lyria drew a huge circle 20 meters in diameter using 20 totems and walked towards the center.
Dante asked as he followed.
“I’ve been curious about it before, how are you doing it?”
“huh? what?”
“If it’s a magic circle that grants physical restraint, I can design it too. But isn’t that what the seal margin is like? It only reacts to evil. When something goes into the Bongmargin, how do you tell if it’s good or bad? What is the definition of evil?”
—————————————

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-332.txt
=============YYYYY=============
[332] Midwinter Night (3)
Lyria answered without hesitation.
“Just think of it. Evil is anything that rejects good.”
“okay? Then what is that line?”
“Anything that rejects evil.”
“… … .”
Lyria explained as if she understood Dante’s silence.
“You get a lot of questions like that. But I don’t understand it because I try to analyze it in only one way. Logic is, after all, just a way for humans to understand the world. More broadly, it accepts the pre-logic.”
Lillia raised her index fingers and crossed them in an X.
“Good and evil are proving their existence by referring to each other. If there was no good, would you know what evil is? Conversely, because there is evil, the concept of good becomes clearer.”
“Hmm, it seems that the two conflicting concepts support each other’s reality.”
“That’s right. Mages call this the number of the law.”
“The number of the law?”
“Every number has a meaning. At first there would be nothing. or infinite. The number representing it is 0. Then something comes into existence with its own name, such as Good, Evil, Dante, and Lyria. That’s 1. That’s why the seal must contain the name of the caster.”
“Hmm, it’s a proper name. Then what about 2?”
“The reason you couldn’t define good and evil is because you saw good and evil as 1 each. But if you combine good and evil and create the concept of 2, that becomes the law.”
Lillia spread her three fingers and continued.
“Lyria is 1, Law is 2. Therefore, 3 is the number of finding the perfect self in the law. In the sanctuary, this is called the Trinity. Of course, it is difficult to reach the perfect trinity.”
Lillia’s fingers interlocked to draw a triangle.
“Everything in this world starts with the number 3. This is the number of the law. It is the true intention of the Akhaenis Shrine and the first hwadu given to the ancestral priest.”
By using the number of the law, all the principles of the universe can be expressed.
It was like Dante saving the world with 0s and 1s.
And this was the insight of the mages.
Lyria continued.
“The seal is different from the magic circle. Those who have not refined their minds through endless discipline will never be able to confine evil. That’s why it’s a spiritual power. Of course, for that reason, it is not recognized in the academic world.”
Organizing his thoughts, Dante nodded.
“I understand. So what am I going to do from now on?”
“I think I’ll need help in case the disaster materializes with necromantic sorcery. Once materialized, it will affect reality. You also set up a magic circle and protect me if I ever get into danger. There’s no need to save me, but it’s deadly if the spell breaks before it’s sealed. How long will it take to prepare?”
“Hmm, not much. Do you think we can start now?”
When Lyria looked at her curiously, Dante smiled.
“I don’t like large magic circles. I mainly use the instant magic circle.”
Lyria nodded her head obediently.
The instant magic circle had the flexibility to deal with unforeseen situations even though its power was low.
In fact, the priests also exorcised horses with improvised stick margins when the situation was not favorable.
“okay. Then we will begin.”
As Lyria knelt down and prepared to pray, Dante took a step back and prepared for what was to come.
“Aura hovering in the air, I bind your hands with chains of holy power. hang in place turn around Substance is dedicated, and all a thousand masks will be removed.”
Lyria’s prayer continued endlessly.
It strengthens the will of the entity and puts pressure on the non-entity. Speaking the will through the mouth and increasing the intensity was similar to the verbal command.
At the end of the magician’s signature, the necromantic marriage ceremony unfolded.
“In the name of Lyria, I command you to reveal the truth.”
Dante expanded the spirit zone and prepared for battle.
Nothing happened for a minute after that.
However, since Lyria was still in the posture of prayer, she did not relax.
After a while, I felt the ground shake.
The width of the vibration was not great, but the radius was enormous. Snow was falling like dust from the ice queen’s castle in the distance.
‘Sheesh! If you want to come out, come and see me.’
Dante surrounded himself with a defensive magic circle.
As time passed, the vibrations gradually got stronger. However, there was still no sign of reality appearing.
“Huh… … !”
A moan escaped from Lyria’s mouth.
I was pushing something into reality with all my might, to the point of squeezing out even a drop of my spirit.
Suddenly the scenery flashed blue. And finally, a gigantic electric grid stretched across the night sky.
Dante raised his head with a tired expression.
Even at a glance, it was not a network made by humans, but a form made up of unspecified connections between charges.
“Huh!”
Lyria let out a rough breath as she bounced her upper body.
Dante was at a loss. Is that the reality of the disaster? If so, should I fight?
No, how the hell do you fight something like that?
“what? You have to tell me to move.”
Lyria shook her head with a sorrowful expression.
“I was mistaken. That’s not a demon. A pure psyche.”
“Cerebral body? Please explain to me.”
“It has a neutral will that is not biased towards either side. It cannot be sealed in this state. But they seem to be absorbing the laws of this place quickly.”
Dante observed the exchange of signals through a network of electromagnetic nets.
As the patterns increased exponentially, the sky was gleaming with blue light.
‘Damn it, what the hell is this?’
No two patterns were the same.
It was proof that the entropy of the information the law was learning was extremely low.
How could that be?
The brain of a newborn baby is not so active. This is because learning about nature has already been done at the genetic level.
“… … not of this world I’m from another place.”
There was no other way to explain it other than that.
To the cerebral body, the information collected here would be of a high quality, equivalent to state secrets in terms of human beings.
Lyria didn’t know about entropy. But to some extent she had thoughts similar to Dante’s.
If the mental body were from this world, it could not have been born in such a pure neutral state.
“Then we have to seal it all the more now! If left alone, it will quickly absorb the evil of this world! I’ll try the stick margin!”
The moment Lyria knelt down again, a sound like scratching an iron plate with her fingernails was heard from the sky.
As the sharp sound found its own frequency, it created bizarre sound waves that humans could not produce.
“I am… … who?”
Dante’s face became serious.
The question of who am I means that I have a self.
So what will happen next?
Before I could organize my thoughts, a simple yet blind shockwave with no personality pierced me to the ground.
“Shit!”
Dante installed a defensive magic circle where Lyria was.
The shockwave from the cerebral body crashed into the ground with tremendous density and spread out in a ring, creating a strong wind.
Dante was blown away by a strong wind.
“Dante!”
Surprised, Lyria ran to Dante.
The cerebral body disappeared into the night sky as if it were running away, but I couldn’t even think of chasing after it.
“Dante! Dante! Come to your senses!”
Tears welled up in Lyria’s eyes.
It was he himself who attracted Dante. Also, he accurately fulfilled his promise to protect himself until the end of the pay margin.
Dante was put in danger by mistaking the identity of the enemy from the beginning.
If something goes wrong, it’s all your fault.
“Aw, that’s the head. I was surprised.”
At that moment, Dante raised his upper body and touched his hair.
Lyria looked at him with a blank expression.
“Dante, are you okay?”
“Huh, that’s why instant magic circles are so good.”
Dante spread his palms. A gold coin-sized defensive magic circle was engraved with blue light.
At the moment of crisis, he rescued the defensive magic circle in the shortest time and split the shock wave.
Lilia finally understood the situation.
However, it was questionable whether that was possible in the moment when there was not even a second to spare.
The strength drained from her body, and she collapsed from the position she was standing on and hit her buttock.
“Ha, I’m glad. Sorry. Do you know how surprised I was when I thought you were dead?”
“If I was going to die like this, I would have died a hundred times more. What the hell is that anyway? How can the cerebral body make a shockwave?”
Lyria regained her composure and rose from her seat.
“Perhaps it is the law. I think it was a defensive instinct that suddenly popped out as I developed an ego.”
“The law? How can you use the law to produce such monstrous destructive power? It was almost magically powerful.”
Mages who use the law reinforce the opposite concept to pressure the concept they want to attack.
Therefore, if magic artificially distorts the phenomenon, it can be said that the law distorts the phenomenon according to the order of nature.
That’s why it’s true that it’s not tied to the equivalent exchange, but its physical power is inferior to that of magic.
“Perhaps it is a law that transcends human boundaries. In terms of ‘the number of laws’, if humans accept the law as 2, it is 1 for him. Because it was the law from the beginning. It would have been just a cerebral body for close to eons. Since such a being has materialized, the intensity of the law has no choice but to be different.”
“That’s why the information entropy was remarkably low. If it exists here, there’s no way it hasn’t appeared until now. Anyway, the lower the entropy, the faster the change will happen.”
Even if he was unfamiliar with information entropy, Lilia had the same thoughts in terms of lack of time.
“That’s the problem. We need to catch it ASAP. Since it has materialized, it will surely turn into something that will destroy the world.”
“but… … Are you still in the early stages? There is no guarantee that it will necessarily turn evil.”
Lyria firmly shook her head.
“It is not possible for Poriter to see all the calamities in the world. But once you see the future, it’s never wrong. He said it was a being that would bring about the end. I assure you, that cerebral body will eventually become evil.”
“Hmm, that’s right. but… … He wouldn’t have known that there was something here unless he was a potter. OK, so what do we do now?”
Lyria was about to say something, but looked at Dante.
There were things that had to be corrected before starting the rites in earnest.
“But you… … You are really strong. To be honest, I didn’t expect much help just because I was a student.”
“What, all of a sudden? Even if you don’t say that, I’ll help you, so don’t worry and tell me the plan.”
“No, I mean it. As a member of the Spirit Society, I came to perform numerous exorcism work. I fully understand how powerful the shockwave from earlier was. If it wasn’t for you, I wouldn’t have made it this far. I would like to express my gratitude on behalf of the Achaeans who follow goodness.”
Lillia politely put her palms together and bowed her head.
But Dante didn’t even care.
Awesome, thank you, these expressions have been heard so many times since I was young, now I’m going to have a yawn.
“Okay, so that’s okay. What are you going to do now? Since it has already materialized, is it a spirit soul? Wouldn’t that be useless too?”
“This is a cradle for a newborn cerebrate. I can’t leave easily Of course, it’s not a situation to relax.”
“Hmm, would you rather go outside and ask for help? No one believed in it before, but now you can see the existence of disasters with your own eyes, right?”
Lyria shook her head with a sad expression.
“late. After going to the city, everything will be over. If the mental body enters the stage of intellectual thinking, I can’t hold it.”
—————————————

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-333.txt
=============YYYYY=============
[333] Midwinter Night (4)
“then? Do you have any other method in mind?”
Lyria pulled out the totem and held it out.
“I will isolate this area with the law while the cerebral body stays. I need to install a gold margin, so help me out. Do you know how to calculate a three-dimensional magic square?”
Dante shrugged his shoulders as if it was no big deal.
“what… … Because it’s my major.”
Since he majored in magic formations, he was qualified enough to assist with Lilia’s work.
But Dante was still in doubt.
Will this be enough?
Even if the mental body was isolated in the old castle ruins, it was a completely different thing to confine it to the barracks afterwards.
“Gold margin, can I finish it by tomorrow morning?”
“It depends on your skill level, but if you and I take half of it, it’s probably possible. But why?”
Dante looked back at the still-lit shopping street.
Perhaps there, countless couples were wandering the streets following the light like moths.
“I think this side needs some reinforcement.”
* * *
After breaking up with Dante, Sirone and Amy talked less than before.
It didn’t mean that the atmosphere was depressing.
Amy took Dante’s advice and was busy thinking about how to find her own style.
Sirone also had a complicated mind because he couldn’t perfectly control the incarnation of anger lurking inside.
‘It was really dangerous earlier.’
Armand got out of control and aimed at a person.
It wasn’t that Sirone’s mental training was insufficient. Rather, it was right to see that the size of his anger had grown stronger than before.
Of course, it is natural for people to change their personality as they go through life.
But it wasn’t the direction he wanted.
‘I need more fosters. During vacation, I will go to Teacher Etella and ask for advice.’
After coming to that conclusion, Sirone visited the Snow Crystal, which Shakora had told her about.
“This is the lodging I was talking about.”
Amy didn’t evaluate anything and just looked at the atmosphere from the outside.
Sirone scanned the exterior of the building.
As Shakora said, the atmosphere was fine. The decoration was luxurious, and I liked the view of the endless snow fields.
Amy had no complaints about the dorm either. But she still had doubts.
This is because there is no reason for Sirone, a first-time traveler, to wander around looking for a special inn.
“Why are you insisting here?”
“huh. I recognized him and he said the atmosphere was great. You will be able to rest comfortably.”
“okay… … .”
If it was Sirone, then Amy didn’t have to say anything.
Although she has a practical personality, this trip also has the meaning of consolation, so she must have prepared in her own way.
So, on the one hand, I was sorry.
On a day like today, it would be okay to spend the night together, but her current state of mind was indescribably complicated.
“welcome. It is a snow crystal.”
Sirone opened the door and entered, surprised by the blindingly bright light.
Numerous lights illuminated the hall like daylight.
Passing through the passageway at right angles, there was a wide terrace, and tourists were drinking tea by the torchlight of the fire pit.
The bard’s music came.
The lyrics contain the desperate feelings of the ice queen who freezes everyone around her.
“Are there two of you?”
The staff guarding the counter asked with a smile.
“Yes, there are two of us.”
While Sirone signed a contract with the staff for a room, Amy was looking elsewhere from a distance.
It doesn’t matter if you’re traveling with a group of friends, but it felt strange to come to a place like this with two men and a woman.
“Two rooms, please.”
The clerk looked at Sirone and Amy for a moment, then nodded in agreement and put the key on the table.
“Yes, use 311 and 312. Take the stairs to the 3rd floor and turn right in the hallway. Accommodation is prepaid.”
After paying the amount, Sirone looked back at Amy, and she too slowly moved towards the stairs.
Said Sirone while walking down the hallway on the third floor.
“First, unpack your luggage in the room. If you are hungry, shall we go out and eat something?”
“no. I just want to rest today. My body feels a bit heavy after walking around in a cold place for a long time. Are you fine?”
If you’re really tired, you can rest as much as you like, but for some reason, Sirone got the feeling that she was lying.
Maybe you are more angry than you expected.
Even though he understood Dante’s advice with his head, emotions were another matter.
When Dante asked his opinion during an argument about the results of the graduation exam, he thought he should have sided with Amy.
“Amy, earlier… … .”
After reading Sirone’s thoughts, Amy gave a small smile.
“Do not misunderstand. Because it’s not like that. You know I have no regrets.”
Then, Sirone’s heart grew duller.
Doesn’t the fact that the word “endgame” came out mean that there is an end in itself?
After all, if Amy’s mind was already a mess, no words could ease her mood.
In this case, what was needed was time, not conversation.
“Okay then see you tomorrow.”
“huh. Rest in peace too.”
Amy unlocked the door with the key and entered. Sirone, who had been watching until there, also inserted the key into the center of the doorknob.
When I opened the door and entered, the first thing that caught my eye was the endless snowy field outside the windshield.
A few hundred meters away, a small torch lighted like a dot, and people were ice fishing there.
How nice it would have been to see this scene with Amy.
When I thought of that, I let out a sigh.
“Whoa.”
“Whoa.”
Sirone and Amy looked at each other at the same time. And as if he had promised, he turned to the door.
“What is this?”
There are two doors, but there is only one room.
And there was only one bed.
The two looked at each other with puzzled expressions.
Silence ensued for a while.
Sirone’s head was saturated with all sorts of thoughts.
Above all, it was the lodging that he had chosen after much struggle, so he had to come up with an excuse somehow.
‘Oh, what should I do? Should I ask for a room change? But here all the rooms are like this. Should I just get a refund? Wouldn’t Amy be offended? No, is she rather the opposite? I need a refund… … .’
Seeing Sirone with a white face, not knowing what to do, Amy let out a small sigh.
He said he was behaving inappropriately. And now that the situation had come to this, the woman had the right to decide.
Amy went to the closet and put down her backpack.
“I can’t do anything. Let’s unpack it first.”
“uh? Uh, yes!”
Sirone was still unconcerned.
As I was unpacking my bag without knowing what was in it, Amy asked in a passing tone.
“Who told you?”
“huh? what?”
“There’s absolutely no way I would have entered this place knowing it was like this, and didn’t someone else introduce me to this place?”
Despite feeling embarrassed, Sirone confessed honestly.
“Actually, your father… … .”
Amy grunted with a face of knowing that.
Since the spy was in the family, it was something that Sirone couldn’t argue with.
“They say the atmosphere is really good. I think you’ll like it too… … .”
The night view was definitely beautiful. However, it was a dangerous place for the two of them.
Amy, roughly organizing her clothes, pointed to the door and said,
“Let’s go down and have dinner.”
When Sirone and Amy left the room and came down to the counter, the staff asked with mischievous eye smiles.
“Do you like the room?”
Amy ignored the question and said.
“I’m going to grab a quick bite, where is the restaurant?”
It was around 11:00 when Sirone and Amy returned to their lodgings after satisfying their hunger.
It was like spending as much time outside as possible, but both knew that this was the final destination.
The whole process of washing and changing clothes came completely different from usual.
My body was as heavy as wet cotton because I had been running in a carriage since yesterday afternoon, but my mind became more and more clear.
No one stumbled upon the only bed.
They didn’t even discuss who would sleep in the bed.
Beds were taboo here.
The two sat side by side and looked at the horizon of the snowfield where the white snow meets the black night sky.
I was able to forget the reality for a while in the mystery of the night view.
But suddenly, a strange noise from the next room pulled their minds back into reality and threw them back.
When their eyes met, Sirone’s face brightened.
Amy avoided her gaze, desperately pretending to be calm.
“what? Why is your face red?”
“Yeah, but you seem to be a little blushing too.”
Amy definitely understood.
No matter how you think about it, this wasn’t it.
If I had to continue this atmosphere, I would rather sleep on a futon in hell.
“good! let’s talk frankly They’re not kids, you don’t have to do this, right? Currently we are spending the night together at an inn and I hear something going on next door. And unfortunately, there is only one bed. This is a very strange situation. But now it’s over. I know it’s a strange situation, so it’s not a strange situation anymore. admit? Now, I’m tired, so let’s go to sleep.”
Sirone felt more at ease. But on the other hand, he also didn’t like it.
How can emotions be cut like a radish?
“Are you really okay? I mean, I’m a man too.”
“know. But nothing will happen, right?”
Of course you will.
However, Sirone, whose pride was hurt inside, added a word in a crawling voice.
“That’s something I don’t know… … .”
Amy laughed at the timid protest. She remembered her family and her family, who she would be fantasizing about at home.
‘Anyway, the person called Dad… … .’
To make them conjoin with a man at an inn with such exquisite traps installed.
This is something that would never be possible with an ordinary aristocratic way of thinking.
However, the Karmis family, which values individuality, boasted an open-minded family style even in love.
Of course, no matter how open it was, it was unknown whether it would accept commoners.
Even so, making this decision meant that he liked Sirone that much.
In any case, the tension eased a little when he thought that there would be no need to look at the family in the future in his relationship with Sirone.
‘Come to think of it, it’s amazing.’
The Karmis family’s crimson eyes are better than any other ability at recognizing the opponent’s temperament.
However, it was also true that some talent was not noticed.
Sirone grew up at a frightening speed enough to be recognized by his strict father.
Even though he is the price of being eliminated, he is standing on the same line as the senior class, as promised a year ago.
1 year.
It has caught up to that huge gap in just one year.
But I didn’t feel it was unfair.
Even if Sirone were to start over and start over, he would have come to this place in the end.
“to be honest… … It’s true that I was angry with you earlier. I’m sorry you didn’t stand by my side when Dante asked.”
Sirone turned and looked at Amy.
“I do not know either. I just felt sorry for myself. When I heard that Zocre had passed, I was honestly very envious. I wondered what it would have been like if I had transferred schools. I wonder if I was stubborn about a subject I had no skill in. Maybe I’m just not talented enough to go to a prestigious school.”
“Amy, to think so… … .”
“know. If you think negatively, there is no limit. I think that’s why I was more pissed off at you. Because I was afraid to admit I was wrong.”
“But now you know what the problem is.”
“that’s right. Dante’s analysis is inaccurate. so i’m grateful but… … I’m still not sure. Will I be able to graduate just because I have a style? I am not confident no matter what I do.”
‘Amy… … .’
This is why defeat is scary.
The graduating class is the position at the top of the magic school.
The feeling of falling from the pinnacle was nothing compared to the feeling when the advanced classes failed the promotion test.
This is why people who fail the first graduation exam have a lower-than-average chance of passing the second graduation exam.
—————————————

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-334.txt
=============YYYYY=============
[334] Midwinter Night (5)
Sirone squeezed Amy’s hand tightly.
“Amy, you are strong. than anyone I know. I will definitely find a solution Because it has always been that way.”
Amy looked back at Sirone’s face. She felt electricity run through her body the moment their gazes collided.
The sight of the moonlight, the sound passing through the walls, and the touch of Sirone through her hands made her heart beat.
Just as if the things that made you shudder at the sight of your eyes just moments ago were lies, hot courage welled up in the hearts of the two.
‘Sirone… … .’
Amy had to make a choice.
Another hellish year was given.
Having already experienced one defeat, the only thing she had to worry about was the achievement of magic.
However, it was the first time since I was born that I wanted to depend on someone so much.
I had neither the strength nor the confidence to overcome it alone.
Even at this moment of silence, Sirone is looking at herself with an unwavering gaze.
You have to cross the river of no return.
If he turned his gaze away even here, Sirone would have left his side.
In order not to lose Sirone, you must accept it.
Amy thought she had finished her resolution. But at the same time, a new wave of hesitation flooded her.
selfish thoughts.
Even if you don’t choose anything, even if you coldly pretend you don’t know, is it greed that you want me to stay by your side like before?
‘Only one year… … Can’t you just give me one more year? Can’t you just stay like this until then so that I can make a careful decision?’
Amy slowly withdrew her hand. If this disappointed him, it was a hand he would never have let go.
Amy’s heart was filled with ridicule.
‘what? Are you done with your resolve? liar.’
I knew the truth.
That Sirone would wait.
I couldn’t help it even if I cursed at him for being selfish. Graduation exams and sirone, none of which Amy could not give up.
“Thank you, Sirone. I’m glad you’re there.”
After spitting out the words, Amy wanted to hide somewhere.
The choice of words is such an insincere answer.
However, Sirone smiled kindly, just as Amy had expected.
“That goes for me too. Let’s work hard.”
Sirone gave Amy a firm grip on her shoulders and went back to her seat, laying the sleeping bag on the floor.
Amy was relieved. She felt as if she had returned to a past where nothing had happened before.
However, Sirone’s eyes with red eyes reminded him that it was reality.
How long can you wait for yourself?
Contempt for herself and apologetic feelings for Sirone were tangled in Amy’s eyes.
* * *
past midnight.
Zocre and the others were in a drunken state.
Still, he wasn’t satisfied, so he bought a large bottle of wine and snacks from a store and settled down in an empty lot around the fortress.
Zocre opened a bottle of strong whiskey and poured it into the glasses in front of Ludvans and Vivian.
Finally, having filled his glass, he passed the drink without even toasting.
“Wow, that’s very poisonous. What are you doing? Aren’t you going to drink?”
Ludvans asked anxiously.
“Aren’t you drinking too much? What are you going to do tomorrow?”
“Tch, if you feel sick, stay at the dorm.”
Vivian dipped her lips in her glass and looked up at the night sky.
“Ha, it’s okay to graduate. Before graduation, I thought I could really have a lot of fun. Not even men are twisted.”
Zokre pointed at himself with his thumb.
“We are men too.”
“Oops, Arthur. Are you going to hit me with that face?”
“haha! Vivian, you’re not pretty either.”
Ludbarns agreed.
“Yes, pretty should be as good as that Amy.”
Zocre’s expression crumpled.
“shit! I remembered again! How dare you ignore us? They haven’t even graduated yet!”
“By the way, what happened to you and Amy? She didn’t have to chase her to the rink. Such trivial actions are looked down upon by them.”
Then, Vivian also waited for an answer as if she was curious.
Certainly, at the skating rink, Zocre was more excited than usual.
Zokre intended to carry the events of his 13-year-old life with him to his grave. But when the alcohol got in, his mouth itched.
In fact, it was not a big deal to others, but it was an unbearable humiliation to the person concerned.
“I confessed to Amy right before I transferred to Eins.”
Vivian made a fuss at the unexpected words.
“Oh, really? so? So how did it go?”
“I don’t like it.”
“No, no?”
“okay! They say they hate me! Thank you for your heart, but it’s not a word that starts with , you’re a good kid, but it wasn’t. It wasn’t even a lie that there was a guy I liked! They just hate it!”
“Oh my, that’s really mean!”
“You are arrogant.”
Vivian and Ludvans threw one word at a time.
Zokre recalled that time and clenched his fists.
“You know what annoys me the most? That’s what I answered at the time. ‘Yeah, I’m sorry.’ I will never forget the humiliation of that time for the rest of my life.”
Vivian clicked her tongue.
“Anyway, the smooth-faced kids only know themselves? hey hey! rather good How big is the kid? We became wizards. Zocre! you won! now! drink.”
Zocre passed the whole bottle Vivian was pouring. His throat felt as if it were burning, and a fire welled up in his stomach.
But I felt fine. Still, the only people he could rely on were his friends.
What if it’s not a prestigious school?
I met a person I could relate to, so I had no regrets or remorse.
Zocre and his party served as a side dish for Zocre’s gruesome past, and continued to drink.
Then the world started spinning.
The winter wind howled and passed over the snowfield.
Suddenly, no one spoke.
Everyone knows that no matter how comforting you are, the truth will not change in the end.
Zocre couldn’t beat Amy.
Vivian bent back and touched the ground. Her eyes looking up at the sky were already open.
He let out a breath full of heat.
“Actually, what? Alpheas Magic School is one of the 5 most prestigious schools in the kingdom, and once you graduate, you can at least get a job at an authorized institution.”
Zocre and Ludvans silently agreed.
Becoming a wizard does not mean that everyone gets a job under the same conditions. The rank and connections of the aristocracy cannot be ignored, but since it is a merit-oriented society, the treatment is stark according to origin.
Anyone working in the wizarding community knew that there was a difference in competitiveness between prestigious schools and regular schools.
So it was only natural that the treatment was different.
said Ludbarns.
“Anyway, we graduated from magic school and became wizards. That’s great too. Wizards who didn’t even graduate from school and just learned a magic trick are all over the world.”
Whether you graduate from school or join a guild, the certificate you receive is non-official, so there is no difference.
Even so, the reason why students put their neck on the school was to engrave a line of school name in the khan of the license.
In fact, the level of magicians whose guild name was engraved in their place of origin had fallen to the point that Zocre and his party could make fun of them.
But that fact was no consolation.
On top of those from school, there are those from prestigious schools. And their ground task was a certified wizard license.
The wizards of the guild are also treated as pros because they make money with magic, but the only way to be recognized as a wizard in the kingdom was to obtain an official license.
However, not everyone can obtain a certified wizard.
Because it is one of the five major exams in the kingdom, the competition rate is enormous, and all talented wizards from all over the country gather.
Admission to a prestigious magic school, promotion every year, passing the graduation exam, taking the certified wizard exam and passing. You have to take this course to be treated as an elite in the wizarding society.
So, from the starting point, it was impossible to flirt with the other Zocre and his party, saying that they were only above the guild wizards.
Zokre shouted as he drank from the bottle.
“shit! We don’t care if others get licenses from the guild or not. After all, everyone at work is a wizard. Besides, our boss must have graduated from a prestigious school. look at dante He said he broke professional wizards ever since he was in the Royal Magic School.”
“But isn’t that just gossip in the journal submissions section?”
Zokre’s tongue gradually twisted.
“What do you know? It’s the same anyway. We have to compete on resumes with the top 5 kids in the kingdom. Would you vote for us in the association’s main body? Besides, we’re not even the highest aristocrats. In the end, you become 9th grade while chasing others, work like a dog and become 8th grade, and after about 10 years like that? All of the graduates of prestigious schools must have reached the 6th grade and sit in the manager’s seat.”
It was a word that came out while drunk, but it was not a lie. In the end, accepting the reality, Vivian nodded his head.
“but. Besides, prestigious schools are not the end. Even there, the kids who graduate with the highest grades rise to the 6th grade within 2-3 years. What are you saying to us?”
Zocre said while pointing his finger.
“You know what annoys me more? Such geniuses eventually become teachers and are assigned to prestigious schools? It’s an inheritance of talent. Because genius teachers teach, geniuses come. In short, we cannot even dare to intervene.”
Little by little, the elixir began to mix with Zocre’s words, but they weren’t entirely wrong.
Of course, there are those who have risen to the top of the wizarding society among ordinary school graduates.
However, such singularities lose their meaning in the face of the magic of average.
Those who graduated from ordinary schools are inferior to those from prestigious schools.
This was the only orthodoxy recognized by the world.
The pessimistic stories that sprang out of the mouths of Zokre and his party continued to hover around the drinking party, not going away even in the wind.
When I was in school, I thought it wouldn’t matter if I became a wizard. However, once he became a wizard, his earnest heart disappeared like a mirage and a new worry arose.
Looking at the stars, Vivian said a thought that came to her mind.
“Have you ever thought about this? It’s as if this world is a play. We live our lives, and someone is watching us.”
Zocre and Ludvans turned to Vivian.
“If that were the case, I would never be the main character. The audience will never want my success. You probably won’t even be interested. Get out of here, no, maybe you want me to die.”
Zocre looked at Vivian pitifully.
He was a sensitive friend since childhood. But what was truly heartbreaking was the fact that these remarks were not just out of drunkenness.
Maybe what she said is right.
“What are you worrying about? Life is not a play. that no one knows And no one cares about you.”
“But it is. Sirone, Dante, and Amy. Do they know how much we wanted to be like them? I don’t know. They just get along with each other. Maybe we didn’t have a place to intervene in the first place. Like an extra in a play.”
The atmosphere at the drinking party became extremely depressing.
In particular, Zocre couldn’t stand it because he was so pathetic that he couldn’t refute Vivian’s words.
“shit! what! It’s a graduation celebration trip! We passed! You became a wizard! I mean we won! All in all, meet the unlucky children!”
Zocre put the spout of the bottle in his mouth and blew on the nabal. The strong drink flowed down his throat.
—————————————

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-335.txt
=============YYYYY=============
[335] Midwinter Night (6)
4 a.m.
The nature of the ice queen.
The brown wine bottle hit the castle wall and broke.
“You children! Come out! Come on!”
Drunk Zocre screamed loudly. His pupils were completely undone, and his steps were staggering.
Ludvans and Vivian supported him from left and right.
“Zocre, don’t do it. Then what do you do if you get caught? You can’t come in here at this hour.”
Depression turned into anger through intoxication.
Zocre needed something to fight for, and his fighting spirit for the world eventually made him go beyond the restricted area.
“haha! who touches me I am a wizard! A true wizard! Oh yes! I’ll blow up the guards with one magic shot!”
Zocre shook his body away from his friends.
Vivian and Ludvans couldn’t stop it. No matter how much alcohol they drank, they were also in a situation where their minds went back and forth.
At least, Ludvans, who did not have an injection, clung to Zocre again and led him back to his true nature.
“cold. let’s go in If you shout more here, you will get into trouble.”
“alcohol! Lud Barnes! Let’s have a drink! Let’s drink it up!”
“okay. So be quiet and follow me.”
The hall from which people had left was bleak.
In the daytime, the objects that were casually passed by gave off a grotesque feeling as if they had life.
The image of the Ice Queen reflected in the cold moonlight through the window was particularly eerie.
said Vivian, rubbing her shoulder.
“Some lighting magic.”
Zocre wasn’t in the mood to cast magic, so Ludvans and Vivian cast lighting magic.
However, since they were also drunk, the magic was successful only after several trials and errors.
With a popping sound, two lights rose to the ceiling, instantly brightening the hall.
Zokre crawled up the slippery ice steps.
Entering the corridor on the 1.5th floor, he quarreled with a wax figure of the Ice Queen trapped in a giant ice.
“Hey, Mr. Ice Queen? Good night? Would you like to have a drink together?”
No answer was heard.
“haha! Look! Legendary wizards are no big deal either. On the topic of sleeping trapped in ice at best! Is that even magic?”
-Magic. A law that twists the status quo. ice queen. Wizard.
The cerebral body absorbed information from Zokre.
Optrus, materialized by Lyria’s necromantic spirit, instinctively took refuge in the place where the most familiar thoughts were concentrated.
That place was the Ice Queen’s true nature.
This is because the ice queen accounted for the largest portion of the information that tourists vomited.
Optrus was quickly adapting to this world based on a lot of information.
After a certain point, awareness occurred in the mental body, where only sensations existed.
As the senses and cognition communicated with each other, the preservation of simple knowledge began to pass into the stage of thinking.
-I think. Highly exists.
Optrus came to the conclusion that it needed a form to prove its existence. And he found a special vessel that could materialize his thoughts.
The Ice Queen opened her eyes in a flash.
Zokre wasn’t surprised. Because he knows that standing on the foot of a wax figure opens his eyes.
The beauty of the ice queen made his wounds more throbbing at being so trivially abandoned by a woman.
Zocre knocked on the ice as if knocking on a door.
“Hey, my queen. Would you like to fall in love with me? huh? Hehehe.”
Vivian clicked her tongue as she looked at Zocre’s injection pathetically.
“It’s completely tasteless. hey, calm down If you lose your mind here, you will freeze to death.”
Zocre rolled up his sleeves and got into a fight with the Ice Queen.
“Okay, let’s stick together. It’s a wizard versus wizard battle. Instead, if I win, you will go out with me.”
As the information collected so far is classified into the category of experience, Optrus has reached the stage of judging the world based on its own standards.
-What is strength? superiority in some characteristic. quality control. Transformation, alteration, change of the physical system.
Then, a question suddenly came to my mind.
-then… … am i strong
“Stop it now. let’s go back let’s get some sleep How long are you going to stay here like this?”
Seeing that Zocre’s eyes were half locked, Ludvans hugged him from behind and dragged him.
Crossing her arms and sighing, Vivian glanced at the Ice Queen and followed Ludvans.
And the moment she took a step, she turned her neck as if it would break with a face full of astonishment.
“Uh huh?”
The ice queen’s eyes, which should have been looking straight ahead, were looking at her.
Vivian thought she was less sober.
However, no matter how much she regained her senses, the Ice Queen’s gaze was clearly sideways.
It felt like my hair was standing on end. I was in shock as my heart pounded as if it would explode.
“Hey, hey, guys… … .”
Zokre’s voice receded down the stairs.
“Well, you want to go out with me… … hmm?”
don’t leave me!
Vivian was so terrified that she couldn’t make a sound.
The Ice Queen’s gaze, apparently made of wax, now moved freely and looked around.
Emotionally, it seemed that he was analyzing what substance was imprisoning him.
Vivian was not sick, but felt like she was going to die.
No, it was even scarier than dying.
As time passed, the desire to live pushed air into my stomach as I felt that I was getting farther away from my friends.
Vivian shouted the loudest in her life.
“Yaaaaaa!”
The hall roared, echoing her screams.
As Ludvans descended the stairs and turned his head with a surprised look, a light flashed in the area where the Ice Queen was.
“what?”
Ludvans left Zocre and went up the stairs.
The ice queen was bathed in the radiance, and pale-faced Vivian watched it with her chin quivering.
“Lou, Ludbarns… … this this… … .”
The ice queen’s waxy skin cracked open, and light leaked through the cracks.
As her body vibrated, the ice mass cracked and split into thousands of gold pieces as if they were about to explode.
‘You have to avoid it. I have to avoid… … .’
The ice block exploded with a roar. At the same time, Ruud Barnes grabbed Vivian and threw his body.
Ice shards spread to the far end of the hall.
Zokre, who was on the stairs, hurriedly covered his face as shrapnel flew by. And he raised his head in amazement.
Vivian couldn’t take her eyes off the ice queen even the moment she hit her ass.
Inside the shattered wax figure was a phosphorescent glow that glowed golden.
It moved slowly and approached the railing.
As the light gradually faded, the ice queen appeared, full of liveliness that was incomparable to that of a moment ago.
Vivian muttered in disbelief.
“The Ice Queen… … Are you resurrected?”
Having watched the Ice Queen’s return up close, she clearly saw the wax skin cracking like a mold and filling it with a new Ice Queen.
Zocre arrived in the hallway across the street and was about to run to Vivian, but stopped abruptly.
Like Vivian, his face was white.
“The Ice Queen?”
Was the legend true?
If the current situation was not a dream, he was now confronting the wizard who had fallen countless people to death.
“Haaaaa.”
The Ice Queen opened her mouth and let out air. The air began to freeze like a thin layer of ice as the frost leaked out.
“This is the freezing phenomenon.”
It was a beautiful voice.
But upon encountering the Ice Queen’s inanimate eyes, Zokre felt the blood running through his veins freeze.
The Ice Queen, who had been looking at Zocre with indifferent eyes, said.
“If you beat me, I’ll do it for you. It’s called dating.”
“eww… … Aaaaaa!”
Zokre’s nerves raced toward death.
On the contrary, the desire to live quickly removed the energy of alcohol and unfolded the magic that had been trained for the longest time.
A fireball was born on the palm of your hand.
Zocre’s specialty is short-range flame magic.
Although the rate of fire was not fast, it was able to boast that it was not defeated by anyone in terms of power.
“Joke! no!”
Vivian shouted. From the third person’s point of view, it was a reckless act.
However, if she ever made eye contact with the Ice Queen, she would have had no choice but to do the same as Zokre.
“Die, die!”
The fireball thrown by Zocre hit the Ice Queen’s head.
No, it seemed that he had no intention of avoiding it from the beginning. A popping sound set the top of her neck on fire.
“Kyaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah
Originally a wax figure, Vivian screamed as she imagined a human candle.
In any case, the water had already been spilled.
Ludvans, who was rational at least, murmured while carefully examining the Ice Queen’s movements.
“Is he dead?”
The Ice Queen didn’t even move. Because all her nerves are focused on her brain.
It was interesting to experience the sensation for the first time after getting the shape.
The pain of burning his face was terrible because he changed the law into a creature form.
But to her, who couldn’t clearly define pain, pain was just an abnormal sensory state.
‘Is this the heat? It absorbs energy and suppresses it.’
As the energy was sucked in through the law, the fire disappeared in an instant and the atmosphere around it froze.
The ugly distorted face of the Ice Queen was revealed.
Zocre, the person who made it so, got numb in his hamstrings and hit his butt.
“Ahh, buy, save… … .”
The Ice Queen savored the seizure of the nerves gathered in her face.
Pain was a truly unpleasant sensation.
‘The brain… … .’
As she approached Zocre, the Ice Queen’s face began to regenerate little by little.
“It almost melted.”
If your brain melts, you die.
it’s a creature.
“Help me! Wrong!”
Zokre fell flat and begged for his life. Dealing with a mage who was alive even after burning his face was madness.
“Zocre!”
Vivian and Ludvans ran and blocked Zocre’s way.
Even though they couldn’t be the Ice Queen’s opponents, Zocre felt that the friends who stood in front of him were like saviors.
Vivian fell to her knees and ej*culated.
“Help me! It was because my friend was drunk! I never had any intention of attacking the queen.”
“alcohol?”
Alcohol. brain. Disrupting substances.
“Right.”
The Ice Queen turned her attention away when she discovered that the cause of her pain was a brain disruptor.
“I don’t think absorbing something called alcohol is very beneficial to a creature.”
“yes! yes sorry.”
“Then what are you going to do now?”
The Ice Queen asked with pure doubt.
I was born as a human and met a human. If so, they wondered what they would do to themselves.
Innocence and madness go hand in hand, so the Ice Queen’s honest question terrified Zocre.
“I will do anything you ask me to do. So please, just spare my life.”
“Are you doing what you’re told to do?”
“Yes, whatever… … .”
The Ice Queen tilted her head.
“why?”
Zokre looked up at the Ice Queen with bewildered eyes.
When I came to my senses, I thought that her way of speaking and behavior was strange.
However, if the legend is true, it has been in hibernation for 800 years. It is very possible that he lost his memory.
“Of course, the queen is the ruler. She is also a great wizard. So she must rule again.”
“control?”
The Ice Queen’s head tilted even more. Then, as if something didn’t like her, she furrowed her brow.
Although it borrowed a human form and gained individuality, the speed of information processing was remarkably low.
However, such discrepancies in the nervous system were only accepted as a characteristic of living things, not unpleasant.
“Right. I rule. Because I am strong.”
Zokre let out a sigh of relief.
As expected, the Ice Queen was the Ice Queen. Had she acted on her trick, she would have surely lost her life.
“This is a wise statement. It is different from us who are weak.”
Zocre groaned endlessly.
It’s the point where you’ve worked hard all your life and finally got your first results.
If he was killed by a dog in a remote place before he even enjoyed his life as a wizard, he would not be able to close his eyes even after becoming a corpse.
—————————————

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-336.txt
=============YYYYY=============
[336] Midwinter Night (7)
Thinking of Zokre’s words, the Ice Queen gently bent down and looked down at him.
“Do you want to become strong too?”
Zokre blinked absentmindedly, not understanding the Ice Queen’s intentions.
In the legend, she was a sorceress so powerful that even the kingdom could not handle it. Wasn’t that why she was exiled to a place like this?
But survival came first. It would have been a waste to get caught up in a futile newspaper and offend the queen.
“I want to be strong!”
Suddenly Vivian shouted.
Zokre looked back in amazement.
‘You fool!’
Are you still sober?
Of course, it wasn’t that she didn’t understand her feelings.
How long have you been frustrated all your life?
If one day God appeared and said he would grant a wish, it was the people of this bottom who gave up wealth and fame and lifelong lovers and asked for magic.
But this time the timing wasn’t good.
What can you expect from a woman who has not only frozen everything around her but also trapped herself in ice?
Maybe it’s because the situation right now is so unrealistic.
That’s why her theory of life drama might have been advanced.
Vivian, whether aware of Zocre’s burning feelings or not, was looking up at the Ice Queen with desperate eyes.
Even if this were a trap in life, she knew it wasn’t an opportunity that came to everyone.
“Teach me, my queen. Magic on me!”
The suppressed drunkenness came up all at once as the sad emotions surged.
But his mind was clearer than at any other time in his life.
The Ice Queen raised her hand without speaking.
The information acquired when he was Optrus is currently stored in a space called memory.
Also, since she was born on her own, she accepted the rules of this world as pure information, so she could control them.
wave of rate.
The strong wind spread so much that the atmosphere drew concentric circles.
However, Zokre and his party couldn’t feel the wind. He only realized that something made up of him had changed.
Zocre and the others looked into their hands and trembled in disbelief.
The world they feel is completely different from just a moment ago.
The Ice Queen said nonchalantly.
“Is that the law you want?”
Zocre, who was deeply moved, shook his head, unable to even answer.
You can neither feel nor realize. until that happens.
But you must feel it and realize it. if that situation comes up.
That was the change of the law.
‘Nonsense. How is this possible?’
Zokre clasped his hands.
Vivian was right.
Today’s incident was the biggest and most complete reversal that could happen in one’s life.
wave of rhythm (1)
the next morning.
Sirone and Amy toured the prison in the old castle.
The flow of time had crumbled and eroded it, and now it was half exposed above the ground.
Although magic has a long history, its academic definition was relatively recent. 800 years ago, there was not enough research on batteries, so primitive magic was the main focus.
Especially at that time, the power of the Holy Church was so strong that it was the time when the foundation of the current Holy Magic was established.
As such, wizards were persecuted.
The ability that did not borrow the name of God was considered the power of the devil, and there were many wizards who were abandoned by their families.
The two were taken to a prison where wizards were captured and tortured.
In front of the machine that bound the limbs and stretched the spine, Sirone wiped away a chilling goosebumps.
“Ugh, how do you come up with a tool like this? It must have been really painful.”
“Wizards must have had a hard time too. Magic isn’t something you can say you want. It’s a gifted talent now, but at the time it must have been a curse.”
Sirone and Amy left the dungeon.
When I climbed the stairs connected to the ground, everyone was staring at the sky. A huge dark cloud was rolling in from the sky on the other side.
Winters in the Leth Mountains were famous for clear skies as westerly winds rose through the mountains and created high pressure.
Occasionally, localized cyclones drop snow, but even those who visit the annual winter festival have never seen such thick dark clouds.
“what? It doesn’t look like it will rain.”
The wind was not strong. Even so, the dark clouds were approaching at high speed like smoke and covering the sky.
The temperature began to drop rapidly.
As a cold wave hit, even people wearing thick clothes felt the cold, and anxiety was finally revealed on the faces of the tourists.
“What, what? Is the weather crazy?”
Sirone and Amy also tightened their collars and watched the situation.
It was an abnormal temperature that could not be regarded simply as a change in the weather.
“Amy, something is strange. In nature, the temperature cannot drop so quickly.”
“I know. It’s like magic, right?”
A thunderclap erupted from the ice queen’s castle. Then, a powerful wave that was born pushed the dark clouds away and galloped away.
The folds of the atmosphere along the grain were clearly visible.
“Dangerous!”
Sirone stood in front of Amy.
There wasn’t even time to dodge. Waves rushing in at high speed were approaching, sweeping away from the outskirts of the crowd.
“Move!”
A woman in uniform stopped Sirone and Amy.
It was Mage Lyria.
She moved her fingers quickly and signed the hand sign.
The barriers of the law spread as the three basic signs of the rites, prohibition, antiban, and suppression, were connected in succession like water flowing.
The moment a powerful wave swept through them, a shock wave exploded in front of Lilia’s eyes.
“Wow!”
Lyria’s body flew backwards like a cannon ball.
The tourists all stared at her. Her wave swept through, but she was the only one who actually got her shock.
“What, what? what’s the matter?”
Even after falling to the floor, Lilia continued to roll over.
Dante came across and lowered his stance. And he received her exactly as her breast.
“are you okay?”
Leaning on Dante, Lyria bit her lip. Although she has done numerous edicts so far, this is the first time she has ever used such a powerful law.
Sirone and Amy found Dante and ran.
They had a hunch that the woman in Dante’s company had protected them from something.
“Dante, what is it? What’s going on?”
Dante put off an answer and stood Lyria up.
Law, unlike magic, has no physical impact. Whether Sirone and Amy were normal was something that Lillia had to answer.
“How are you? Did you succeed?”
“It was close. how about you?”
The wave of Yul spread quickly, and it was impossible for Lilia to defend both places. No matter how excellent a magician was, it was impossible to block the law if he could not control the will of gold, half, and chain.
Dante pulled out the totem from his neck.
“Thanks to.”
A pendant shaped like a monster’s face hung from a twisted birch bark collar.
Even though it looked ferocious, it was a guardian deity that chased away evil spirits.
There was a crack diagonally along the forehead of the guardian deity, which was caused by being exposed to the waves of the law.
When I put it on my palm, I couldn’t stand it and it split in two with a crackling sound.
Dante held out his totem with a shy expression.
“Didn’t I say there was only one? Sorry.”
Lyria shook her head vigorously.
“You don’t have to be sorry. Because totem is like that. It means that the law was strong enough to split the rachals. I’m just glad I stopped.”
Sirone could not understand the conversation between the two. Anyway, the situation seemed serious, so I intervened.
“Dante, what happened?”
Lyria answered.
“I was lucky. you will be fine.”
Amy asked with a frustrated expression.
“So, what the hell is going on?”
Lyria looked at Sirone and Amy alternately.
It was already foreseen that the cerebral body that had gained a self would change the laws around it in order to survive. In such a situation, there were only two or three people that Lyria could save from the law in an instant.
There are currently hundreds of people gathered here alone.
And among them, there must have been people who had the necessary abilities for this ritual.
Is it really the right choice?
I couldn’t foresee the consequences of giving up on them all and protecting a couple who weren’t even 20 years old.
“Dante, who are these kids? I did not follow your words to save your friends.”
Dante looked back at the true nature of the Ice Queen and said.
“You said second place.”
“Second place? What comes second?”
Dante squinted one eye.
It was something I found out while spending the night, but Lilia really didn’t notice.
I didn’t want to give a long explanation. Even if you talked about it in verse, what would be left for you?
“He is number one. First place in the kingdom.”
Lyria looked back at Sirone with a surprised expression.
The reason why he formed an alliance with Dante even though he is not a professional yet is because he is an outstanding talent recognized in the kingdom.
Since mages do not have a competitive system like wizards, they were not particularly impressed when they heard that they were ranked second.
How many people are in the kingdom, what does it matter whether they are first or second?
If you’re just second, you’re a very good student.
But here it was.
It was a shock to her to have first and second place in one place in this vast kingdom.
‘This kid really beat Dante?’
It was a good impression. Except for the fact that his eyes are alive, the aura of No. 1 in the country could not be found anywhere.
Dante’s skills were personally experienced yesterday morning.
His ability to respond to actual battles, judgment, and outstanding skills were comparable to those of the pros.
To be honest, as a mage, Lilia couldn’t imagine what her skills surpassed him.
Dante said, pointing to the Ice Queen’s true nature.
“Come. Sirone and Amy are ready too. You probably don’t understand, but you better relax.”
A woman wearing the same dress as the Ice Queen was flying here across the sky.
“Um, isn’t that the ice queen?”
The ice queen arrived in the sky and slowly descended to the ground.
There was a flash of light in the distance, and a curved flash of space travel flew in and crashed beside her.
Amy’s eyes widened.
“Zocre? why are you… … ?”
Zokre laughed and prostrated himself behind the Ice Queen. Then Ludvans and Vivian landed.
No one understood the situation.
At least Sirone and Amy were feeling a sense of crisis, but the tourists rather seemed to have relaxed and smiled.
“haha! Are you the real ice queen? What kind of event is this?”
“Wow, are they really similar? How did you find the same person among wizards?”
It was natural to consider it as part of the festival.
Otherwise, the ice queen couldn’t actually walk around right in front of her eyes, right?
If Sirone hadn’t seen the shockwave that erupted right in front of Lyria’s eyes, she would have thought that the organizers had held the most concert.
Tourists clapped and cheered as the Ice Queen stepped out into the crowd.
Winter festivals are held every year, but this year’s special event was even more novel than they thought.
Thinking of resurrecting the legendary Ice Queen?
Even the ice queen made of wax has many fans in love with its beauty. However, the appearance of the woman playing her role was so beautiful that it could not be compared to a wax figure.
It was a brilliant ability possessed by the power of life.
“Whee! Ice Queen! Please hold my hand just once!”
The pot-bellied man smiled broadly and held out his hand, and the person next to him stopped as if it were Arthur.
“Oh, rudely. Then she might freeze.”
People burst into laughter. No one realized that this was the real situation.
Even in the middle of the joke, the ice queen just moved on with a nonchalant face.
Lyria kept an eye on the Ice Queen’s every move while holding hands.
‘What? What law did you touch?’
The wave of the law changed the laws of everyone except Sirone and the others.
Nothing special had happened yet, but judging from the power of the wave, the range of change would have been enormous.
—————————————

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-337.txt
=============YYYYY=============
[337] Wave of Law (2)
The Ice Queen said, raising her hand slowly.
“You weak humans, kneel before me.”
When the ice queen’s voice was quite sincere, the tourists clapped and rejoiced.
“Nice voice! Is that plausible?”
“Hey, my queen! look back on this one too Don’t do that, take this opportunity to shake hands with the ice queen… … Kuck!”
The man suddenly grabbed his neck and fell to his knees.
The same situation happened to people at the same time.
His blood-soaked face was red as if it would burst at any moment. He desperately sucked in air, but his breathing was becoming more and more rough.
The only people standing normally were Sirone and the others.
Sirone observed the changes in people. Before they knew it, necklaces with cone spikes were stuffed around their necks.
Lyria frowned and muttered.
“That’s the Law Wheel… … ?”
The wheel of the law is an exorcism tool of the rites meeting that contains the principles of the law in its shape, and its effectiveness is maximized the closer it is to a perfect circle.
Law wheels that could be obtained from civilians were merely imitations, and at best they promoted mental and physical stability.
However, it was impossible to manufacture the official Dharma wheel possessed by the ancestral priest unless the arms maker had reached the state of nirvana.
In Lilia’s eyes, the Law Wheels hung around people’s necks were genuine.
It is impossible to distinguish Won’s perfection with the naked eye, but the priests who have gone through long training can feel Won’s temperament with their inner eyes.
“The Wheel of Redemption. It’s not a thing of this world. you guys be careful too If you get swept away by the waves of the law, that’s what you’ll end up with.”
When all the people who were affected by the wave of the law lost strength in their legs and knelt down, the wheel of the law loosened and air finally entered their prayers.
Heavy breathing could be heard from everywhere.
“Ouch! Wow! what? Who filled this necklace?”
“hey! Someone please release this!”
Zokre felt a shudder run down his spine as he watched the people screaming in terror.
The shape of the law wheel was the embodiment of the Ice Queen’s own memories, but the way she strangled people was a strategy she proposed.
The Ice Queen can change the rules of the world.
To be honest, I wondered if this was possible, but when I saw everyone kneeling, I realized it.
The legend of the Ice Queen, which dominated the era 800 years ago, was true without a single lie.
‘done! It really is! I never thought a day like this would come to me.’
At this rate, ruling the world was no longer a dream.
What’s more, she couldn’t remember anything from the past, probably because she had been in hibernation for 800 years.
The wizard who terrorized the world has become a child who can be coaxed with a piece of candy.
‘I will have the Ice Queen.’
After tidying up the place, he was thinking of gently coaxing the Ice Queen into becoming his woman.
It was strange to be dating someone over 800 years old, but if you coaxed it out, you’d be able to get over it, and most of all, she was beautiful.
Even compared to Amy, who had dumped herself coldly five years ago, her appearance was not inferior in the slightest.
While alone in such a delusion, the Ice Queen turned to Zocre and asked.
“Is it okay to do this?”
Zocre smiled with satisfaction at the Ice Queen’s attitude of asking and relying on even the smallest things.
However, there was no need to be offended so far, so I answered with my head bowed as if I were dealing with a real queen.
“yes. Everyone will obey the queen.”
Lyria realized that most of the elements that made up the Ice Queen’s personality were influenced by Zokre.
‘In the end, is it according to the prophecy… … .’
As with most Advent myths, this time the Ice Queen would meet a single human and plunge the world into an abyss of evil.
Sirone looked at the dreary landscape where hundreds of people were kneeling with a tired expression.
“What is this? I don’t think it’s magic.”
It was a natural question for those who did not know the law.
It is not equivalent exchange.
There was no way to get the wheel of the law to strangle hundreds of people for not following directions.
Eating out by Lee Ki-rin, head of the fairy department in heaven, was not so disastrous.
Dante, who did not have time to explain, spoke briefly.
“It is the ability called the law. be careful. That woman has the ability to change the rules of the world.”
“A change in the rules?”
The first thing Sirone thought of was the Akashic Records.
However, no being other than the Infinite Wizard could twist the rules on such a grand scale.
If so, one possibility.
It was the case with the Akashic Records from the beginning.
“which… … Is it like a conceptual body?”
Lyria opened her eyes wide and turned her head.
It was impossible to see the spirit body dedicated to the human body and grasp its essence unless you were a practitioner of the spiritual system.
‘This child knows the law… … .’
Most people go through their lives unaware that the world operates according to the rules of the whole.
It was surprising that Sirone was aware of the mechanism of the law, which was handed down to only a few people in the shrine.
“that’s right. In the first place, it was a mental body that could not be identified. It’s a phenomenon called a demigod. It is impossible for you who do not know the law to defend. Don’t fall away from me.”
Amy raised her fist and shouted at Zokre.
“you! What the hell are you up to?”
“ha ha ha! decorate? Do you still see this as a joke? We will conquer the world.”
“Stop talking nonsense! Are you sure?”
Zocre sneered and told the people.
“Everyone worship the Queen. If you don’t obey, the queen’s law will kill you.”
As the wheel of the law tightened their necks and entered, the black-and-white people put their hands on the floor and groaned.
Then he shouted in a strained voice.
“Hey, long live the queen!”
“I will follow the Queen!”
When the faces of those who worshiped the queen returned to a calm state, Sirone finally realized the seriousness of the situation.
The law also applies to Zokre’s instructions. This is because, unlike magic, which logically designates a target, the law rebalances the whole.
The sound of praising the ice queen pierced the sky, and Zokre tasted a pleasure he had never felt before in his life.
It was as if they all worshiped him.
“how is it? this is my strength If you come under me even now, I’ll save you from that kind of situation.”
Zocre expected to see Sirone and the others tremble. However, contrary to expectations, no one moved and watched the situation.
With his hands in his pockets, Dante crookedly walked out.
“Hey, you. How’s your mind going? Do you know what you are doing?”
“under! do you think i’m crazy you’re welcome! Don’t you know what people are like by looking at them? You will end up like that too.”
“You, you just almost killed hundreds of people.”
The blood drained from Zokre’s face.
“You want to rule the world? Do you know what that means or are you talking about it? Can you really take responsibility for those words?”
“Ouch… … !”
Zokre couldn’t answer.
Becoming the ruler of the world is an ambition that every man has had at least once. But when he came back to reality he was just a 1 human being who hated going to prison and hated dying even more.
The Ice Queen can change the rules. So if you put her on a leash, she will obey her commands even if she doesn’t want to die.
This was all of Zocre’s calculated thoughts.
But what if you refuse?
They all become corpses with their neck bones broken.
Of course, no one wants to die, but once I imagined it, I felt an unbearable fear.
‘Can I really conquer the world?’
As Dante said, he may have been insane for a while.
While I was thinking that, I heard Vivian’s voice.
“joy! what did that mean? According to us, no one dies! Then you will be the first victim!”
Zocre looked back at Vivian with a blank expression. Overnight, her eyes had completely changed.
“How long did you know you were the main characters of the world? We are the ones in control of this situation!”
‘Vivian… … .’
Zocre saw Vivian and realized.
She was prepared to lose everything to get the one chance in her life.
Yes, there is nowhere to back down. If you’ve come this far, you’ll have to see the end no matter what.
Because great undertakings require courage.
Zocre, regaining his composure, held out his hand and walked out.
“Get down on your knees, Amy. and blame me Otherwise, I will kill everyone in this room.”
Shocked by Zokre’s words, the people raised their heads. I already felt like the law wheel was tightening my neck.
“hey! Get on your knees! I’m really going to die like this!”
“You damn kids! I mean do it quickly! I wish I was wrong!”
The tourists didn’t care what Sirone’s party did to Zocre.
If you don’t follow the instructions, everyone will die.
Even if you didn’t do anything wrong, of course you should obey Zocre.
“Pray! I’m begging them all! I have a wife and children! It’s nothing!”
“Please save me! Do as you say!”
None of Sirone’s party moved.
If you give up the initiative here, you will have no choice but to be dragged in the future according to the intention of Zokre and the others.
Amy glared at Zocre with cold eyes.
“Why is it me? Why do you want to accept my apology? Because I didn’t accept your heart?”
Zocre’s face turned red as Amy hit him in the head.
I couldn’t find her embarrassed look at the skating rink. This was a battlefield, and caring about her personal feelings was a luxury.
‘It works. Did he really want an apology from me for that? Foolishness is… … .’
Provoking Zocre doesn’t come with a particularly good countermeasure, but to create a variable, you had to shake the opponent.
According to the plan, Zocre couldn’t hide his embarrassment. His rage flared up as if his own narrow-mindedness had been discovered.
“shut up! If you don’t listen to me, everyone will die! Are you really saying you don’t care if everyone here dies?”
said Dante.
“If people die, you killed them. we didn’t do anything Either become a murderer and live on the run for the rest of your life.”
Dante was sincere.
To a wizard, distinguishing between good and evil is not a very important issue. In situations where there is no solution, it is better to sacrifice people than to rush to the worst.
“Amy, you don’t have to be swayed by that guy’s words. Because he doesn’t even have the guts to do that.”
Zokre shouted menacingly.
“joy! Is it really so? really kill me yes!”
Terrified people lashed out at Amy.
“You damn bitch! Are you really going to kill them all? Get down on your knees! I wish I was wrong!”
“Please save me! I’m going to die like this!”
Amy bit her lip.
Her judgment was no different from Dante’s. Even if she complied with her opponent’s request, a bigger request awaited.
However, when he was singled out, the lives of hundreds of people were at stake in his judgment, so the blood had to run dry.
“Let’s take some time. I will do as you say.”
The corner of Zokre’s mouth went up as Amy approached.
‘That’s right, what can I do to hold on?’
Then, Sirone grabbed Amy’s shoulder. As her Amy looked back at her startled expression, she saw sparks in Jokre’s eyes.
“what are you doing? Even if everyone dies, you want to take care of your lover’s pride, right?”
Sirone did not deny it.
“okay. There is no reason Amy should obey you.”
Zokre’s face twisted.
Is it the cool-headedness of so-called wizards?
No, it’s arrogance.
Building a lover’s pride cannot be worth hundreds of lives.
—————————————

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-338.txt
=============YYYYY=============
[338] Wave of Law (3)
“How about figuring out the subject? Don’t you know what the situation is? You’re the best at school, do you think your name will work in a place like this?”
Sirone couldn’t hear Zocre’s words.
If we persist like this, people will die. But if that’s what it ends up being, there was a much simpler solution.
Sirone narrowed her focus like a sniper. The Ice Queen’s face came into view clearly.
‘I have to finish it at once.’
Eliminate the Ice Queen in the shortest amount of time.
If that happens, the strange ability that dominates the space here will also disappear.
As Sirone maintained a poker face, Zocre suffered from psychological pressure.
It felt like a poker game where someone who was sure to be holding a bully had gone all-in.
‘What the hell are these guys doing?’
How dare you act when hundreds of lives are at stake. It was something that could never have happened in his common sense.
Because you’re underestimating yourself. When she thought of that, her anger rose uncontrollably.
“How dare you look down on me!”
The moment Zocre shouted, Sirone’s Armand came out of its scabbard and rushed like a flash.
What Armand was aiming for was the Ice Queen, not Zocre.
The Ice Queen invoked the law and quickly moved away. Even so, as she slowed down, she flew up into the sky.
‘The law of destruction.’
The ice queen’s law was put on Armand. However, the demonic sword only trembled and was not destroyed.
‘why?’
It was an unfamiliar experience for the Ice Queen.
‘Incarnation?’
Objects that have formed the perfect trinity cannot be changed by the law, and they are called incarnations in heaven.
The Ice Queen activated the Law of Freezing. Armand’s blade was frosted and the ice began to clump together.
As the speed slowed down, the Ice Queen regained her composure. But she suddenly felt her impact on her back as if something had bumped into her.
‘what?’
The law of freezing was amplified without even having time to find an answer to the question. Trapped in a huge block of ice, Armand fell to the ground unable to withstand his weight.
The Ice Queen immediately turned around and cast a wave of yul at the spot she had collided with. With a pop, a translucent dome-shaped barrier spread across the sky.
‘Something is blocking the space.’
Zokre put on a blank expression. Dante, who had been setting up gold margins all night, spoke triumphantly.
Dante, who had set up the bar all night long, spoke triumphantly.
“How about the surprise I prepared for you? The area is already sealed off. I hit a gold margin by plugging my totem all night. The Ice Queen will never get out of here.”
Zocre slowly turned his head to look at Dante. The Ice Queen is trapped. It was the worst situation imaginable.
“You’re going to rule the world just by begging a monster like that? Does the place where you live look so comfortable? The army will arrive soon. Even if we die here, the Ice Queen will eventually perish. good end now Then extenuating circumstances will be possible.”
Zokre’s chin trembled. breathing became rough. When the army is dispatched, the ice queen is destroyed. She, of course, herself and her friends would pay for her felony.
“You locked me up.”
The Ice Queen landed. The chill she brought with her spread across her land, making people’s bones ache.
Sirone did not avoid being killed by the Ice Queen. Rather, she met her eyes as if to attack her, and grabbed Armand’s handle as if snatching it back after breaking the ice. The jewel embedded in the cross guard was emitting an intense red light. He knew that the opponent he was competing with was not formidable.
“Queen, are you okay?”
The Ice Queen looked back at Zocre, who was asking anxiously, and patted his head with a friendly eye smile.
But when he looked back at Sirone, his eyes were completely different. A cold gaze seemed to pierce his heart like a spear of ice.
“Why are you disturbing me?”
“Don’t you see what you’ve done? And aren’t you the first to disrespect other people’s lives?”
“You are foolish. The strong rule. Aren’t those the rules of the world in which you live? I just want to reign over you as the new ruler.”
A chill rose above the Ice Queen’s head.
“Ice Haze.”
The chill quickly spread around the Ice Queen. Sirone’s coat froze hard and then cracked. The cooling rate is too fast. Even if it was just a few seconds, the people around them would freeze up to their hearts.
“Dangerous!”
Lyria casts a local seal at the feet of the Ice Queen. A circular gin was drawn with light, and then a reddish column of light soared high.
“Keugh!”
The Ice Queen’s face twisted. It felt like the core of oneself was escaping downward, as if an object could not violate the law of gravity.
As the Ice Queen raised the law and soared into the sky, Lilia raised her head with a sad expression.
“no. It is too active to be confined by local sealing margins. You have to tie her down somehow.”
The face of the Ice Queen, whose expression could not be controlled, was grotesque. The power of Bongmajin was astounding. Even when her brain was on fire, she was the one who didn’t feel the fear of extinction.
“I will not forgive you!”
When the Ice Queen casts the Wave of Law, the law hanging from people’s throats disappeared and a new law was born.
“Kuaaaaa!”
People’s muzzles stick out like dogs, and their teeth sharpen. As his muscles swelled, his clothes were ripped and his fingernails grew like wolves. The hardened skin protrudes like armor.
“I’m evolving it into a state suitable for battle!”
Dante shouted at Lyria’s words.
“Let’s finish before joining. If you focus your firepower, you can win. Lyria focuses on defending the law.”
The moment Sirone and the others were about to fly to the Ice Queen, Vivian muttered as she put her hands on the ground.
“The radius of the spirit.”
The ground shook as Vivian’s body petrified. Centered around her, her circular barrier rose and spread in series.
thud! thud! thud! thud! thud!
The distance between the walls that spread in the form of radiation once every 10 guns was 10 meters. And all these radii were forming her mind.
“shit! What’s this!”
Sirone and the others hurriedly retreated, but before they could take a few steps, a wall rose up behind them. It was a 30 meter high barrier.
The moment they panicked, the wall in front of them melted away and the shape of Vivian’s face protruded in relief. The upper body came out, and the lower body stretched like a snake and connected to the wall.
“Whoops. how is it? My ability, the radius of the spirit.”
As Vivian raised her hands, Zocre and Ludvans jumped down and landed like cranes on her palms.
“haha! That’s bad. You pretended to be proud, but this is all?”
The radius of the spirit builds a barrier shared with the caster’s mind at a rate of 10 meters per second. However, there was a disadvantage that the reaction would drop to the level of an inanimate object if the wall was built too far away because the density of the mind would decrease as the radius widened. But Vivian was satisfied with her abilities. Her desire to attract everyone’s attention was embodied by the Ice Queen with her ability.
“This is a perfect maze. If you hold on to me at the center, the radius of your spirit will be released. But can you find your way?”
“You don’t have to run around like a mouse.”
Dante cast teleportation. It was enough to jump over a 30-meter barrier. Then a number of Vivians sprang out from the top and swung their petrified hands.
“Sheesh! It’s tricky.”
If she collided with the petrified Vivian with linear teleportation, she could not avoid fatal wounds. As Dante landed with an annoyed expression, Sirone picked up Armand and set it upright.
“I’ll take over the Ice Queen.”
The moment everyone turned to Sirone, he chanted.
“Geumgang Armed Forces.”
As the blade split, a bone as thin as an insect’s leg swallowed Sirone’s face. As soon as they turned into wizards with their hoods pulled down, the faces of Zokre and his party hardened.
Dante asked.
“Is that the Golden Armed Forces? What are you going to do?”
“Armand endured the law. With the Diamond Armament, you might be able to stop the Ice Queen’s law.”
Lyria nodded.
“Is it possible. It’s like the principle of totem. But the Ice Queen is in the sky. You have to find a way out of her first.”
Sirone raised her face hidden by her hood. The radius of the spirit, which creates clones at the speed of the mind, is certainly a difficult challenge. But it wasn’t that there was no way out.
‘Function comes from form.’
Sirone maximized the photonic shaping technique. A bright light burned from his body, and huge wings of light spread out.
sculpted the light
That fact surprised the wizards. Forming a form with luminescent light was a tremendous photon compressive force.
Zocre and the others also swallowed dry saliva. Everyone knew what Sirone was trying to do because he had molded a form that performed only one function, that is, flying in the sky.
“I’ll ask you here.”
Photon Sculpture-Gwangik.
Sirone bent her lower body and swung her wings of light downward, soaring at tremendous speed. Even though it wasn’t teleportation, it seemed like a flash of light soared.
‘I know how to miss it!’
Still, Vivian reacted. Dozens of Vivians jumped out of the wall and bit Sirone like teeth.
‘Got it!’
The feeling of hitting was definitely transmitted. However, after a while, Vivian narrowed her eyes as if wondering. The tentacles of the Geumgang Armed Forces were blocking the attacks of the petrified clones at close range.
“this… … !”
Vivian put all her strength into it. The sound of stones wearing away could be heard from where Sirone was. The brute force from the durability of the stone was great, but the tentacles of the Geumgang Buddha were also strong enough to break quite a few rocks.
– 1.7 tons of external pressure. Reaching the muscle maintenance limit.
Sirone gritted his teeth and pushed the tentacles down. As the tentacle squeezed through the narrow gap and threw Sirone upward, Vivian’s alter egos collided with each other and shattered.
‘Remove the Ice Queen.’
The speed at which Gwangik created was terrifying. Sirone pursued the Ice Queen at near sound speed. As his vision narrowed, Armand readjusted his physical abilities.
– Unable to recognize target. increased photoreceptors. Augmentation of macular function.
My vision was wide open, and I could see the Ice Queen clearly. Adjusted the balance of flight outside of the cybernetic brain. As she closed the distance, the Ice Queen circled behind her and cast her Law.
“A freezing blizzard.”
As snowflakes sharper than a razor whirled around, Sirone covered her face. As the cloak that covered her entire body hardened to a metallic quality, shards of ice clawed across the surface like thousands of broken pieces of glass.
“Keuuugh!”
The Ice Queen’s Law, while not as sharp in purpose as magic, was different in scale. Her rules are bigger than the rules here. That was the scale.
Sirone changed the hardened cloak back to organic matter and glared forward. The atmosphere froze, and huge ice stalks spread out intricately like the human nervous system. It was as if I had become a micro-organism.
‘I’m talking about cryogenic temperatures.’
The reason why you don’t feel the cold is because Armand is controlling the nervous system. But as soon as he breathed in, the cold air froze his lungs.
“Huh!”
Sirone hurriedly shut his mouth.
– Respiratory block detection. artificial oxygen replacement. Residual oxygen consumption time. 1 minute 27 seconds. 2 minutes 32 seconds. 4 minutes 49 seconds.
As Armand stocked up on air, he started injecting oxygen directly into Sirone’s veins. After regaining her fighting power, Sirone flew between the ice stalks and engaged in a dogfight with the Ice Queen.
As if hunting a hawk, Sirone folded her light wings and rushed forward, holding onto her wrist and firing a hundred and twenty photon cannons per minute with the magic crystal ball embedded in her gauntlet.
—————————————

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-339.txt
=============YYYYY=============
[339] Wave of Law (4)
The Ice Queen rotated around the outer edge, but could not open the angle faster than Sirone, who rotated in the center. The moment her first shot landed, her shockwave came in chain. A thin scream erupted from her Ice Queen’s lungs as her photon cannons, which had been following her on her tail, were all pumped out.
“Kyaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!”
But she wasn’t destroyed. It was to the point that Sirone’s wrists were rather severed as she continued to pour her bursts of fire.
‘Keugh! Why don’t they fall?’
Cold air began to spread like steam from the ice queen’s body, which had been beaten by the photon cannon. As time passed, the expansion accelerated and eventually became a huge cloud that covered the queen’s body.
– Oxygen residual consumption time. 1 minute 2 seconds. 48 seconds. 35 seconds.
Armand’s stockpile of oxygen was rapidly depleting. At zero seconds, you must breathe cryogenic air. I desperately tried to catch my breath, and with 4 seconds remaining, the air began to accumulate again.
‘What happened? Did I win?’
It hit the Photon Cannon at a speed of one hundred and twenty rounds per minute. A normal creature should have been mashed potatoes.
As the cloud-like haze dispersed, the Ice Queen finally appeared.
‘I-that’s… … ?’
Sirone opened his mouth blankly. His pupils, who had an expression of astonishment, shook violently.
* * *
Amy’s red eyes flashed and she saved the coordinates. Dante and Lyria ran after her. It had already run more than a kilometer. However, due to the nature of the circular maze, it seemed that they could not approach even 100 meters to the center.
As I entered the shopping district, I saw buildings cut in half against the protruding walls. Amy and her party went into a two-story house where the structure between floors was exposed and hid themselves.
Dante looked out the window. Apart from Zokre and his party, there were monsters roaming around all areas.
“I can’t run away forever. Monsters won’t get tired. In the end, you have to knock it down and get out.”
Lyria shook her head.
“They are also victims. You cannot be the target of killing.”
“And what if we die? As time goes by, the ice queen will become stronger. She says she needs to help Sirone quickly. But let alone destroy the maze, you are wandering around the monster stage.”
“It is not a matter of efficiency or results. Violence without good will is no different from evil methodology. I’m not forcing you, but if you’re willing to help me, you shouldn’t hurt an innocent person even if we die.”
Dante laughed bitterly. It’s not a fake or a lie. Controlling reason by strengthening the will was possible only when there was an unfeigned belief.
“Is that the mage’s way of thinking? Well, our school has such a clumsy teacher. It’s Ethella.”
Lyria said firmly as if it was not possible.
“It’s not clumsiness, it’s conviction. The world is maintained only because there are those who want to keep the will of good as much as the number of evil is eliminated. If you follow the ways of evil because the situation is urgent, you will eventually be ruled by evil! I don’t think you, a mage, can understand the age-old conflict between good and evil… … !”
Dante shook his hand and stopped talking.
“okay. Stop admonishing. Like you said, I’m a wizard. So what are you going to do now?”
Lillia calmed down her excitement and explained.
“We will increase the power by reducing the area of influence of the wide-area gold margin installed in the castle site. It’s called Park Yo-jin. If you set the coordinates correctly, even the law of the demigod cannot escape.”
Dante’s expression changed seriously.
“However, that means if it fails soon… … .”
“Yes, even the last bastion, Gold Margin, will disappear. The ice queen who went out into the world will become stronger. So you only get one chance. If I can’t create that opportunity, I will not try to play Park Yo-jin even if I die.”
Dante felt the same way. When the Ice Queen runs out of her gold margin, her damage scales out of control. Even if everyone was wiped out here, it would be more efficient to lock them up.
“good. So what can we do to help?”
“I can’t set Park Yo-jin’s coordinates at will. It should be installed at the point where the power of the gold margin is concentrated.”
“Where is it?”
“It is the apex of an inverted pyramid drawn at the gold margin. take me there.”
“It’s a mountain beyond a mountain.”
It was almost impossible to find Park Yo-jin’s installation point in the maze where monsters roam. At least if the maze disappears, the clue to the operation will be revealed.
“good. Anyway, let’s go with it. Lillia and I will take care of the monsters, so Amy will clear the maze. Because the only person who can go to the center of the spirit radius is you with the red eyes.”
Lyria said worriedly.
“Is it okay to be alone? Their abilities are not magic. The other two must have acquired abilities comparable to Maze.”
“That’s why Amy has to step in. Maybe they’ll target Amy first. If that’s the case, it’s better to split in two and move. Amy. can you?”
Amy couldn’t answer. Zocre and the others became stronger. No, even before he became strong, he was a competent person who had passed the senior class exam.
‘And I… … I failed.’
said Dante.
“you can do it. Trust yourself.”
“I can’t believe it. I’m really not confident.”
Amy was sincere.
“If I can’t trust you, I trust your family.”
When Amy looked up, Dante put a hand on her shoulder.
“There’s no way you can’t do what everyone in your family can do. You fight with everything you have.”
Numerous families are attesting to their talent. That’s why you can trust yourself in any situation.
Dante left the building with a satisfied face as Amy’s eyes showed a grim resolution.
“Let’s go, Lilia. We need to get as close to the coordinates as possible while they focus on Amy.”
Lyria followed Dante and asked.
“Are you okay? You don’t seem very confident.”
“Something like that happened. But it will be fine. I seem to be at a loss now, but… … .”
Dante said with a smile.
“I’m not so stupid as to not know who’s up there.”
* * *
“Ho-ho-ho! Running away is a masterpiece! As expected of a student at a prestigious school!”
“Sheesh! shut up!”
At every corner Amy ran, Vivian would jump out of the wall and sneer at her. She’s trying her best to find her way, but everywhere she goes, it’s in the palm of her hand.
The wall in the direction Amy was running suddenly opened and Ludvans appeared chewing gum.
“Wrath of God.”
When the invisible shock ball was slammed into the ground, a shock wave with electrical and elastic force surged up and lifted Amy’s body.
“I see your panties.”
As Amy landed in a somersault, Zocre approached at high speed from the side.
“Speed Gear!”
The movement of the speed gear that controls the inertia from step 1 to step 10 was completely against the laws of physics. When the existing common sense was destroyed, it felt like even time and space were distorted.
Amy hurriedly opened the air shield. Zokre’s fireball exploded and pushed her body far away.
‘I can’t find Vivian at this rate. I have to climb up the wall somehow.’
If it was mid-air, it might be possible to activate the air tunnel and hit Vivian’s body directly. However, it was not easy to get such an opportunity against Zokre and the others.
‘The ground is blocked by a wall. After all, is sniper mode impossible? I’d rather injure one and tie him down… … .’
Amy shook her head. She was thinking again. The advice she had heard from Dante flashed through her mind.
– You have no style.
‘style. My style.’
There is no one way to deal with all situations. Amy focused her thoughts only on sniper mode. At the same time, her eyes flashed. Her key idea was etched into her mind like a bolt of lightning.
‘perhaps… … No, you can. I can do it.’
After examining the structure of the castle wall, Amy drew an imaginary string by randomly setting points A and B. And he measured the radian value based on the curvature of the castle wall, and then he derived the center coordinates of Vivian’s body by grafting the three square theorems and trigonometric functions.
‘The coordinates are out. But to strike… … .’
It was impossible with only sniper mode. This is because the flame cannot spread in a situation where the walls are blocked on all sides.
But Amy didn’t give up. Like Sirone and Dante, he deepened his strategy even more.
‘Is it possible. If only it was heavier than air… … .’
Amy’s red eyes flashed like electricity.
‘I need more, stronger power.’
force. force. force. force. force.
Self-image memory began to clear Amy’s distractions, repeating hundreds of backups per second.
Extreme self-censorship.
Her mind was infiltrated for a purpose, unadulterated with one per cent of impurities.
focus on concentration
As if an explosion had occurred in her head, her mental powers multiplied by the square of the product.
One way.
It was a temporary samadhi phenomenon that occurs when you focus on only one thought, not mixed with any distracting thoughts.
‘Inferno.’
From under both of Amy’s legs, two streams of fire twisted like a twist and rose above her head.
“I-what is that?”
Upon discovering the size of the flames created by Amy, Zokre and his party stopped charging and looked surprised. The gas was so dense that flames dripped like paint.
“That… … .”
Zocre, who majored in fire science, realized what Amy was trying to do.
The fire of a thousand cities that is difficult even for professional wizards to reach.
Judging by the color of the flame, a high fever of at least 1,300 degrees was burning overhead.
“you you… … that… … .”
Zokre and his party did not dare to approach. When the Inferno exploded, everything within its radius would melt.
said Amy, turning toward the castle wall.
“okay. You can’t even imitate it.”
Zocre furrowed his brows in puzzlement. It didn’t make sense that she was aiming at the wrong place after casting magic to break the situation at best. But Vivian realized right away. Despite his petrified face, his expression of astonishment was clearly visible.
“no! Zocre, stop it!”
Amy raised both hands to support the huge flame.
“Stop! stop it! I intend to attack the body!”
Zocre did not understand Vivian’s words. How can you attack the main body when it is blocked by a 30-meter-high barrier?
Amy said with a smile of repentance.
“This is my style.”
She bent her upper body like a bow and swung both hands down while bouncing her waist. The flame of a thousand cities, Inferno, flew over the 30-meter-high barrier and flew into the sky on the other side.
Ludvans muttered with a blank expression.
“howitzer… … .”
A fireball boasting incredible gas density crossed the sky in a parabolic arc.
Although there is a downside that the accuracy rate is low while the cover can be ignored, Amy was able to hit the target point precisely like a machine through self-memory.
“Kyaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!”
Vivian’s alter ego screamed and disappeared. If Inferno fell into the center of the labyrinth, she would melt in an instant, unable to move in a petrified state.
Cuckoo coo coo coo!
The walls of the castle, which stretched for a radius of 1 kilometer, collapsed into the ground at the same time, and Vivian, who had been freed from petrification, hurriedly left the place, taking over the screams of her alter ego.
When Inferno arrived on the ground and exploded, the ground melted like molten iron. Cloudy, black impurities floated around in the lava that glowed red like nightlight, then quickly cooled in the cold air.
The terrain before and after Inferno’s fall was completely different. The ground was grotesquely distorted like a demon’s face.
Vivian, who narrowly escaped death, reached Zocre. The maze disappeared, but Amy was nowhere to be seen. Zokre looked around and muttered with an annoyed expression.
“damn! Where are you hiding?”
A loud, dull sound erupted from where Ludvans was. A lit stone hit the back of his head, and he collapsed without even groaning.
—————————————

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-34.txt
=============YYYYY=============
Please enable JavaScript
[Translator – Anwen]
Chapter 34
Teleportation training grounds.
One after another, students arrived at the peak that was 1,000 meters above sea level. Since there were no classes, students from other classes were also there.
After today, a student from Class 7 was going to be promoted to Class 5.
Considering that it usually took an average of two years to pass one class, in the worst-case scenario, it was possible for a student who was 4 years younger than the average to be attending a class meant for older students.
“Wow! So this is the Bridge That Cannot Be Crossed! It’s my first time up here.”
The participating students were amazed by the enormous size of the training ground. Instructors and students were also gathered on the opposite peak, 700 meters away.
“But why is it called the Bridge That Cannot Be Crossed? Where even is the bridge?”
“Idiot. It’s over there.”
A long iron bar connected the two peaks. As the length increased, the tension dropped. The fact that the bar stretched out 700 meters indicated that it was an alchemical material.
A few students walked to the cliff and looked down. Contrary to what the instructors had told them, there were no safety devices, let alone anything that looked similar to it.
“What the hell? Won’t you die if you fall?”
Thadd, who leaped over the peak with Spatial Warp, spoke to them.
“You don’t have to worry. There are safety devices.”
The students were not reassured. In fact, they heard that in another academy, a student had actually died during teleportation practice.
“How does it activate?”
“If you fall 100 meters, the Air Net Magic gets automatically activated. It was designed to be invisible so you guys push yourselves not to fall.”
“What if it malfunctions?”
“Hahaha! I can’t say that it’s impossible. But so far, nothing like that has happened before.”
“So there’s no guarantee that we’ll be absolutely safe?”
“Well, so to speak, yes.”
The students paled. Then Thadd turned around with a smug look. Even if the safety device broke, there would be no accident. That’s why all the classes were canceled and why all the instructors were told to gather here.
However, even if an accident were to occur, there was not much anyone could do. The magic academy was a special-purpose academy supported by the kingdom, so it was part of the rule not to blame anyone for an accident, even if someone was injured or killed during class. Students were already aware of this fact before applying for the Intermediate class.
“It’s been a long time since I’ve been here. Amy, let’s go that way.”
Sharelle grabbed Amy’s hand and dragged her up the hill. Amy looked like she didn’t want to go, but she eventually followed as Sharelle led her.
“I said I don’t want to see it. It’s a Class 7 exam! The results are obvious.”
“Oh, look at this girl! What are you saying when your boyfriend is about to proudly go up to Class 5? How will you ever score some points with your boyfriend if you don’t do it on a day like this?”
“Tsk! What’s the point of cheering? Whether I cheer or not, those who are bound to fail will fail, and those that are bound to pass will pass.”
Amy was pretending to be unconcerned, but she was quite bothered inside. How much did his mastery of teleportation go up? Could he even teleport?
Practical training was the best way to grasp the feel of teleportation. However, since the process was so painful, the advice given by experienced professionals was to learn the tips and tricks first.
Amy, on the other hand, was literally the type of person who learned by tackling with her body. Of course, it was not too painful for her since she had Schema to rely on.
‘But it’s different for Shirone. He’s not one to give up. I hope he’s in good shape.’
Class 7 had some remarkable talents. Depending on the situation, it would not be too unusual if Shirone failed.
“Huh? I don’t think Shirone is here yet.”
When Sharelle, who was looking through the peak with a telescope, said that, Amy snatched the telescope away. As she said, among the 20 students standing on the cliff, Shirone was not one of them.
“What? What happened?”
“You don’t think he failed, right?”
She couldn’t guarantee it. She also believed in him because he was Shirone, but in all honesty, teleportation was not a magic that could be easily learned on one’s lonesome.
‘You idiot… Where the hell are you? What in the world are you doing?’
Shirone opened his eyes, squinting against the bright, warm sunlight. Visibility was low and the sky was higher than usual. When a jay flew up in front of his eyes, he came to his senses.
“AHH! What’s this?”
Looking around, he noticed he was in the middle of the training ground. He did not wake up once ever since he collapsed and lost consciousness last night.
Ever since he started practicing and studying teleportation, Shirone only slept for three hours a day. Plus, on the final week, he overworked his body to the point he dropped dead.
“Promotion test!”
Cold sweat dripped down Shirone’s back. He rushed out of the training ground without even having the time to feel disappointed in himself. To climb 1,000 meters above sea level, he had to start running like crazy, no matter what his condition was.
‘Please! Please!’
[Translator – Anwen]
Join our discord for updates on releases!
“We’ll start, Headmaster.”
“Mm, do begin.”
As Siena burst the Illumination magic toward the sky. Tension enveloped the training ground. Ethella, who noticed the illumination from the opposite peak, looked back at the students and spoke.
“Once my signal goes off, run to the cliff. Whoever teleports the furthest will pass the promotion exam.”
The students gulped loudly, their mouths dry. The difficulty of the Bridge That Cannot Be Crossed was level 1, so there were no obstacles, but the fear of moving through empty space shook them to their core.
Regardless of rank or whatnot, they had to link at least 70 teleportations to safely reach the other end. Moreover, if their rhythm broke in the middle, even their Spirit Zone would disappear due to their fear of falling.
‘We can’t cross the whole thing, anyway. We will eventually fall… But what if the safety device doesn’t work?’
Come and read on our website wuxia worldsite. Thanks
Most of the students were stiff with tension because it was human psychology to not fully believe something unless seen. Mark and the operation team were the only ones who could manage to stay a little more relaxed.
‘Hmph. I trained every day. I can easily leap 70 times if no one just gets in my way.’
The variable was that Shirone was absent. The mage dedicated to Mark reported that Shirone’s progress was slow, but it was true that Mark didn’t believe the report until he saw it with his own eyes. But since Shirone wasn’t there, he thought that he was uselessly nervous over a nobody.
‘Teleportation. I see he couldn’t learn it. Well, he never had anything else but his Spirit Zone to show.’
The person most anxious due to Shirone’s absence was Amy. Her unconcerned facade disappeared and she began walking back and forth uneasily near the cliff.
“Gosh! What happened?! Why isn’t he coming!”
“Amy, look over there!”
Sharelle pointed to the opposite peak. When Amy checked with the telescope, she saw Shirone running to the top. It looked like he rolled around on the ground somewhere because his clothes were covered with dust and his face was beet red.
“What the hell has he been doing until now?”
Sharelle let out a sigh of relief.
“That’s a relief, though. He arrived on time. But he must be tired. I wonder if he’ll be okay?”
“Whatever! Who cares?! I’m just relieved that he didn’t drop out!”
‘Anyways, seeing as how he managed to get to the training ground, it seems like he can teleport.’
When they saw that his lips were busted open and his arms were black and blue, they could vaguely imagine how extreme Shirone’s training was. Amy regained her senses and looked around.
“It’s quite windy today. This is going to be a tough test.”
Although not as much as flying magic, teleportation was not completely unaffected by wind speed and pressure. The students could not lose their concentration for even a moment in this test.
At the appearance of Shirone, the gazes of the students hardened. Thinking he had given up, they were caught off guard by his sudden appearance.
“Tsk! He probably did that on purpose to mess with us.”
“He’s a wolf in sheep’s clothing. Does he want to be promoted even after doing such a cowardly trick?”
It was true that his appearance shocked some of the kids, but Shirone was the one who was most at a disadvantage due to his current state.
Ethella got troubled when she saw Shirone panting. Since he arrived before the start of the exam, there was no problem with him taking it. However, he was not in a shape comparable to everyone else
‘Will there be no issues with inequality if we proceed like this?’
She launched an orange Illumination spell into the sky. Blue meant ready, red was to start the exam, and orange was for a question.
Instructors who saw Ethella’s flare shared opinions. There were mixed opinions. One side stated that they should start right now while another stated that they should wait for 10 minutes to give Shirone a break.
“What do you think, Headmaster?”
Alpheus was adamant.
“Let’s start. Being in control of your condition before an exam shows competence. I do not believe it is a matter we should concern ourselves with.”
“Alright, then…”
Siena conveyed the message to continue with a red flare. Shirone cut in between the students standing in a row. The person who kindly stepped aside to make space for him was someone who was part of Mark’s operation.
The students were all nervous. After all, no matter what special training they went through, teleporting across a 1,000-meter cliff was another matter entirely. It was an uncharted territory where all of them had an equal opportunity to get through.
“Then starting now, we will begin the early promotion exam of Class 7. Get ready.”
The students took a running stance. Once only the sounds of heartbeats could be heard, Ethella cast the Illumination magic.
A red sphere soared into the sky with a bang. The instructors on the other side were flipping through the files, ready to record.
The students shot off from the ground.
‘The lead! I have to take the lead!’
‘I might have a chance if I start first and take the lead!’
Most students had similar ideas. Shirone, whose legs had pretty much no strength, was forced to fall behind.
But Shirone was not bothered for there was still a chance to make up for the loss. Depending on the person’s determination, the point they would cast teleportation before reaching the edge of the cliff would be different. The best method was to reach the edge, jump off, and then teleport.
But how many people could do that? The starting line was the point that held the highest tension amongst the competitors. Also, the Bridge That Cannot Be Crossed was 1 kilometer above sea level.
Wind speed, wind direction, and air pressure. All these factors differed in comparison to the environment they trained in. If they jumped off with their bare body and their magic failed, that was it. Risking their life for the chance to take the upper-hand was not something most students had the guts to do.
As Shirone predicted, with five meters left to the cliff’s edge, students who could not withstand the fear began to teleport away. The rest of the students followed one after another. The students that were part of Mark’s party were among the few that did not teleport immediately.
‘No! Just a little bit more!’
He staggered on, stomping down the rising fear. Shirone was aiming for the best possible start.
‘Can I do it? What if I fall?’
Despite clenching his teeth in an effort to calm his racing heart, the feeling of nausea did not disappear.
As they got closer and closer to the cliff’s edge, the team escorting Mark couldn’t hold out any longer, so they began to teleport away. Soon after this, Mark followed suit.
Shirone continued to run despite over half of the students no longer being on the cliff. And due to that, the team who was keeping pace with Shirone felt their blood dry up.
If they kept going, they were going to fall off the cliff. With two steps left to the cliff’s edge, the operation team cast teleportation.
But despite the close distance, Shirone kept moving forward. Fear was of no hindrance to him, who understood the nature of the danger.
Shirone knew that as long as he could keep could running forward on foot, he could make up for the time he lost due to his condition.
‘The competition isn’t over yet!’
Join our discord for updates on releases!

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-340.txt
=============YYYYY=============
[340] Wave of Law (5)
“Fire call?”
Zokre scanned the direction the rock had come from. Amy was standing at a distance that made it indistinguishable from the scenery unless you looked closely.
“How dare you look down on us?”
Zocre raised his speed gear to level 10 while using teleportation. Amy hurriedly fired a fire call, but he, who could control his inertia, easily evaded it.
“ha ha ha! Is it just this?”
The corners of Amy’s lips went up slightly. The moment Zocre felt puzzled, dozens of fire calls rained down from the sky and hit him.
“Ouch!”
A sniping angle of 88.97 degrees.
Even the speed gear could not block the attack that the Fire Call, which had been staying outside of the cognition, suddenly slammed down from a blind spot.
Amy rushed at Vivian without stopping. The radius of zero provides an advantageous environment for allies, but he has a fatal flaw that he himself is petrified. In the end, Vivian couldn’t do anything and got hit in the stomach by Amy and came up with a span.
“Keuk! oops!”
As Vivian lay on her stomach and vomited up, Amy patted her hands and snorted.
“Heh, I’m glad it ended like that.”
I wanted to scold him, but the situation was not on the easy side. While fighting Zokre and the others, an explosion of noise erupted from the sky. It meant that Sirone’s long-term firefighting had begun in earnest.
“What about Sirone?”
Sirone floated in the western sky. The Ice Queen was nowhere to be seen, instead I could see clouds of cold gathering across her.
“huh? That… … .”
Amy’s face was in shock. The Ice Queen revealed through her haze was beyond her imagination.
trinity (1)
Sirone swallowed saliva with a hard face.
As the cold clouds lifted, I saw the Ice Queen’s huge eyes twitch.
It probably wouldn’t be easy to find. It is also difficult for humans to capture objects smaller than their pupils.
Things like dust, mosquitoes, and hair.
I honestly don’t know.
No, I didn’t even want to know.
Watching the sight of pupils, pupils, and irises moving around at the same speed as human eye movements, my mind just went blank.
If the ice queen’s eyes were the size of a man, her face was the size of a house. Cold air was leaking from between the neatly aligned teeth that were tens of meters long.
The fact that only the face had grown was the most bizarre.
A small body clings to a huge face. If this was a dream, it was my worst nightmare.
Why did you make that choice?
It’s a pretty good tactic if you’re going to startle it and stop your heart, but it certainly wasn’t meant to be that primordial.
‘I increased my brain capacity.’
I couldn’t help but think like that.
For the first time, the ice queen’s face, which had barely changed her expression, showed strong emotion.
fear and anger.
It was only when he experienced the crisis of extinction due to the continuous firing of the Photon Cannon that he reached the most intense emotion that humans can feel.
‘Humans are strong.’
The Ice Queen realized through Sirone.
‘Then I become stronger.’
Sirone’s strength comes from his brain. That’s why it has to be bigger than Sirone. In a sense, it was an ignorant method, but on the other hand, it was the most intuitive and clear answer.
“Ooooooooooo!”
A chill spread from the Ice Queen’s mouth. As the air contracted, the whole sky seemed to be narrowing.
The aftermath reached the ground. The ground froze and the air cooled so much that it was difficult to breathe.
Dante and Lyria shivered from the intense cold. Even the iron-clad monsters were losing their vitality. shouted Amy, who had bent Vivian’s arm behind her, and came running.
“Dante! What happened to Yojin Park? If we don’t do it quickly, we’ll all freeze to death!”
Lyria shook her head grimly. The transformation of the Ice Queen’s form was bizarre. Apart from her power, it didn’t seem like she would be able to overcome such a monster. In that case, it would have been better to imprison the Ice Queen, even if it meant dying here.
“Amy! Free Vivian!”
Zocre and Ludvans came to their senses from the cold. However, even they noticed the change of the ice queen that appeared in the sky and stopped walking with a dazed expression.
“I… … What is that?”
There was no Ice Queen that Zokre knew. Only her face was a huge monster floating in the sky.
Amy shouted with Vivian taken hostage.
“You understand now? What monster have you awakened? So stop surrendering and help us!”
said Vivian, struggling.
“What do you know! Zocre, attack!”
Zokre did not move. No, he couldn’t move. The temperature was dropping severely. It’s an attack or whatever, everything freezes to death at this rate.
“Eight! Stay calm!”
“Aww! hey! Handle with care!”
Amy, who was worse off, threw Vivian away and entered the center of the group. When I cast Fire Wall and surrounded the area with a wall of fire, warmth was transmitted for a moment.
“Zocre! Do something too! Are you going to die like this?”
Zokre is also a fire mage. Suddenly coming to his senses, he drew another barrier within the radius of Amy’s fire wall.
But in vain. The fire made by omnipotence had a much lower ignition point than in reality, but it could not stand it and went out.
Extreme cold hit. His lungs froze and his eyes dimmed. It was as if the end of the world was approaching. Just like that day 800 years ago when the ice queen froze herself.
For the first time, Zokre felt the fear of death. His face turned into a tear-stain, and a desperate scream broke out.
“Sah, save me! I can’t die like this!”
Ludvans grabbed his neck and knelt down.
“Keugh! I can’t breathe!”
The current temperature on the ground is 120 degrees below zero.
Three minutes was enough temperature to kill everyone.
‘Sirone, please… … !’
Amy looked at Sirone with longing eyes.
The only person who could withstand the extreme cold was Sirone, who was protected by the power of the Diamond Armament.
“Sirone! Everyone will die at this rate!”
Armand’s auditory organ collected Amy’s sound and transmitted it to Sirone’s brain.
But even without listening, Sirone already knew.
It was an unbearable cold even though Armand was strengthening all of his body’s heat sources.
The energy consumed per second reached a whopping 1 kilocalorie.
Even the organic robes that maximized the cold weather effect were hardened to the point that people on the ground would already have no energy to move.
‘Is there no choice but to collide?’
Sirone threw her wings back and rushed at the queen.
As the headwind increased, the perceived temperature dropped further.
It was a suicidal attempt, but Armand did everything possible to maintain his body temperature without complaining.
But eventually even that reached its limit.
– Vivo tissue necrosis. Organic production impossible. time to maintain life activity. 4 seconds. 3 seconds. 2 seconds.
“Great!”
Sirone clenched his teeth and charged. It felt like his entire body had turned into a mass of cold stone.
And finally, the moment I was about to face the last moment of my life, I dug into the ice queen’s mouth, the source of the cold.
Amy exclaimed in surprise.
“it’s crazy! Sirone!”
Entering the ice queen’s body was more insane than facing the extreme cold head-on. It doesn’t just end with dying. How could a human know what might be in there?
said Dante, breathing heavily.
“Amy. The temperature is rising. Cast the fire wall.”
The Ice Queen who swallowed Sirone didn’t even blink. For reasons unknown to her, she seemed to be in a state of temporary inactivity.
As a result, Sirone’s judgment was excellent. However, if he had intended to save everyone even at the cost of his own life.
Amy’s expression when casting Fire Wall was not good. It felt like Sirone had already left the world.
“I will come back. Sirone will definitely come back.”
Dante did not give a hopeful answer. The probability that Sirone, who threw herself into an unknown world, would return was impossible to calculate.
“Once you bought time. I don’t know how much room there will be, but we have to do something within it. Gather together, let’s plan a strategy.”
While Dante and the others discussed the strategy, Zocre blankly looked up at the sky.
‘That is the essence of the Ice Queen.’
The Ice Queen’s gigantic face was terrifying. It was as if someone from outside the world was only shining her face through a magnifying glass.
And in that place, Sirone jumped in.
Maybe he could have held out a little longer. No, he has incredible flying abilities, so in the worst case scenario, he can just run away with his friends.
Instead, he threw himself into the limb.
You want to save the world? Wanna be a hero? If not, is this also an act of arrogance?
“why?”
Zocre sincerely asked, but Sirone, who was supposed to answer, had already disappeared under the ice queen’s law.
* * *
Sirone was rich in the world of law.
Numerous stars whose distance could not be measured were exchanging signals while twinkling ceaselessly.
Light and dark are 1 and 0. A system of binary numbers was enforcing the Ice Queen’s law.
However, it was not important information in the current situation.
The really important piece of information was that there was no air here.
– Residual oxygen consumption time 2 minutes 37 seconds.
Sirone was terrified. The time Armand delivered was literally his life span.
‘Let’s stay calm. I use a lot of oxygen when I’m excited.’
He tried to regain his cool, but that didn’t change anything.
There is nothing but the signals of 1 and 0. That’s why I couldn’t create a variable to break the situation.
Will you die from lack of oxygen? Will it become a corpse and wander the cold world forever?
At that time, the speed at which the stars twinkled rapidly increased.
It was as if the slow-moving ants were speeding up like crazy when food fell to the ground.
Sirone felt his mind go hazy. The faster the stars moved, the farther away I felt.
‘Oh, I see.’
This was the digestive organ of the law.
If it hadn’t been protected by Armand’s law, it would have already disintegrated and permeated into the Ice Queen’s law.
In fact, every time his mind fluctuated, Armand readjusted his concentration point to maintain his consciousness.
It felt like a rice cake thrown into the sea.
‘Please hold on.’
Sirone prayed earnestly to Armand. I know it’s just a tool, but it’s my only lifeline right now.
Armand held up well.
The reason it doesn’t tell you how much oxygen you have is because you’ve determined that fear makes things worse.
He probably thought so himself, but Sirone thought it was more frightening.
‘Oxygen consumption. Let’s just know.’
– Residual oxygen consumption time 2 minutes 1 second. 2 minutes. 1 minute 59 seconds.
‘Two minutes left, my life.’
I thought it was easy on purpose. Otherwise, the rate of oxygen consumption would be twice as fast.
Of course, if you hold your breath, you can hold on a little longer, but from then on, you really enter the end of your life.
You have to find a way when you have a little bit of spare time.
“omg!”
Sirone vomited out the precious oxygen.
Suddenly a huge sound was heard. No, it was a signal that made a huge sound.
shake
Just as rice cakes that had been submerged in water met a storm and were released, Sirone’s consciousness began to disintegrate quickly.
break up
‘Uuuuuuuuuuuuuu!’
Everything that had formed one was leaving waving the flag of independence.
Consciousness faded. Armand is trying desperately, but eventually the ice queen’s law begins to eat away at his mind.
“Great!”
Sirone frowned. As the nerves around the eyes rose, the pupils began to darken.
In the depth level 1, a devastating explosion occurred, pushing the ice queen’s law out.
Against the uninvited guest who infiltrated the mind, the guppin’s seal opened and the demon was brought out again.
– Multiple Cerebral Body Detection. Overdrive operation.
Armand found the only hope to save his master and immediately contacted Behemoth.
—————————————

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-341.txt
=============YYYYY=============
[341] Trinity (2)
Oxygen consumption soared as breathing became rough.
– Residual oxygen consumption time 1 minute 17 seconds. 1 minute 3 seconds. 42 seconds.
Light flew from all sides and stuck into Sirone’s body.
When the access of the law was blocked, it was to penetrate and melt the mind directly in a physical way.
Armand reacted immediately.
– Observation of neural junction points. Copy after docking.
Armand’s tentacles connected to the needles of light. Then more light flooded in and penetrated Sirone’s body.
Dozens, hundreds.
The endlessly flooding light required only one thing.
be dismantled
“Great!”
Sirone twisted the bridge of his nose with a frightened face.
The feeling of being absorbed by another being was as humiliating as being eaten alive by a beast.
– Residual oxygen consumption time. 4 seconds. 3 seconds. 2 seconds.
As it is, it gets absorbed.
“It’s cheeky… … !”
Sirone focused her mind on one endless point.
As the immortal function opened, the spirit of infinity spread throughout the world of the law.
-Detection of unmeasurable concentration points. Penetration.
Armand’s organic matter proliferated infinitely. Tentacles stretched out and docked with all the thorns stuck in Sirone.
Having copied the information intended to hack the owner’s brain, Armand began building a suitable firewall based on it.
And finally, Sirone and the Ice Queen came to share one world as subjects of separate laws.
-Firewall complete. behavior.
A light burst from Sirone’s retinas.
Small world creation.
“Here?”
Sirone looked around.
It was a dark space like the world of the law. The only difference is that there are no twinkling stars.
But Sirone could see.
‘How can I see it?’
Is it really possible to see where there is no light?
‘perhaps… … .’
Sirone found an interesting answer.
It is a memory. There is no light in memory.
Because the light does not stay in the past.
But he was in reality.
So, this is a space where all time is unfolded. It was the totality of time in which the past, present, and future could not even be distinguished.
As he moved his steps, an uncountable number of sirones approached from the darkness.
“what?”
I turned around one wheel. As if using a mirror to expand the space, an infinite number of selves were spinning.
Sirone pointed out one person and approached. The shorter the distance, the narrower the composition, and numerous sirones lined up in parallel lines.
Her pupils were black, and she stood there with an evil face.
Sirone held out his hand. Sirone also held out his hand.
I could feel the cold texture of the glass wall.
‘This is me?’
no, this is not me
Where is this? Is it outside or inside the mirror? Is it me looking in the mirror or is it me reflected in the mirror?
“ah… … .”
Sirone finally realized.
“this… … .”
The two sirones said at the same time.
“It is you.”
Puff pup pup pup pup!
All the glass walls that stretched out in an infinite parallel line exploded at the speed of light.
With the sound of breaking glass, the boundary of the mirror began to be destroyed at the speed of light.
Sirone and Sirone’s hands met. But before I could feel it, Sirone on the other side disappeared.
In the Ice Queen’s Law, Sirone and Sirone refer to each other, forming a perfect trinity.
The evil Sirone of the Black Pupil was no more. There was only one unchanging Sirone who was not shaken by any law.
A technique called incarnation art in heaven. However, the wizards regarded this as a state and called it this.
mental transcendence.
hero of life (1)
After completing the trinity, Sirone opened her eyes. At the same time, Armand started attacking the ice queen’s law in reverse through the multi-law network small world creation.
The world shook and the starlight shone. Unable to bear Sirone, the Ice Queen pulled her throat out and vomited at her.
“Keah! Whoa! Aaaaagh!”
Amy’s face, watching from the ground, turned pale. The sight of her gigantic face giving her eyeballs a force to be reckoned with was more than terrifying beyond her horror.
“Quaaaaagh!”
When the Ice Queen gave her strength one last time, Syrone with her tentacles hanging from her vomited out. The first thing he did when he stopped with his wings wide open was to inhale the air.
“Whoa! Whoa!”
It was the first time I realized that even air has a taste.
“Sirone! Sirone is back alive!”
Amy’s face, which suffered as if she was going to die soon, finally turned bright. Even the ice queen’s grotesqueness couldn’t overcome the joy of Sirone’s safe and sound return.
But Dante’s eyes were still serious.
Above all, the Ice Queen’s condition was strange.
The Ice Queen was making a grotesque expression that no human facial muscles could produce. However, that was the form that most accurately revealed the current Ice Queen’s feelings.
‘infinite? infinite? infinite? infinite? infinite?’
The Ice Queen was confused.
‘What is that?’
As Armand built the firewall, the Ice Queen also copied Sirone’s information.
But there was a problem.
An immortal function that is difficult to analyze completely even with the vast amount of information from Optrus has been installed.
The ice queen couldn’t control her mouth that opened spontaneously as a huge sense of exhilaration flooded in, surpassing the scale of the law.
going to infinity
That was the only fact the Ice Queen could know.
The jaw, which had been widening endlessly, exceeded the range of motion of the joint, and finally began to swallow itself in reverse.
Like grapes peeling off their skins and popping out, a new being emerged from the throat.
‘I am infinite.’
A human face was attached to three sides, and the arms protruding from the shoulders multiplied into dozens and spread out like the feathers of a peac*ck.
Three-sided Thousand Hands Guanshi Yin.
It was the second dedication of Optrus who absorbed Immortal Function.
“Galgalgalgalgalgalgalgalgalgalgalgalgalgalgalgalgalgalgalgalgalgalgalgalgalgalgalgalgalgalgalgalgalgalgalgalgalgalgal!”
A sound like the chirping of thousands of beetles burst out of the mouth of the laughing Cheonsu Guanshiyin.
“Kuk!”
Sirone, who was hit directly by the sudden sound wave, adjusted her hearing with Armand and then distanced herself. Then, as the head of the Thousand Arms Guanshiyin turned, the corners of the eyes went up and the corners of the mouth went down, and the face occupied the front. As the Law of Wrath exploded, countless balls of fire flew in all directions.
“Dangerous!”
When Lyria pointed at the pouring rain of fire, Dante spread a huge defensive magic circle over her head. The moment the fireball hit, it roared loudly and cracked.
“Keugh! damn!”
Dante had a sorrowful expression on his face. In an isolated space, the growth of the cerebral body is limited, but after swallowing Sirone, the cerebral body was a powerful law that was incomparable to that of the Ice Queen. Perhaps it is an immortal function. Well, for beings that absorb the law, there was no stamina that was as excellent as Sirone.
“Park Yo-jin right now!”
Lyria looked at the battle in the sky with confused eyes. Sirone fires a photon cannon continuously, but not even gold has gone to the Thousand Arms Guanyin’s body.
“Not yet. Park Yo-jin’s range is much narrower than the stick margin. If I can’t bring you here, I’d rather die here.”
Amy shouted to the sky.
“Sirone! Push the monster this way!”
Armand copied Amy’s voice. A voice mixed with noise was transmitted to Sirone’s brain.
“Push?”
It meant finding a way to something on the ground. But how do you push a monster that doesn’t even move even with a photon cannon?
‘I have no choice but to do it.’
Sirone opened her eyes and focused on increasing the power of the Photon Cannon. Then, the spirit of transcending the mind sought a huge expansion.
Immortal Function can borrow infinite mental power, but it cannot increase its power beyond the Spirit Zone.
However, mental transcendence forcibly strengthens the spirit zone.
Of course, like the divine transcendence, the subsequent mental storm was a separate issue.
Just as Lian’s arm exploded when he fired the sword at a speed that exceeded his body’s speed, his mind would rather be destroyed if he tried to exceed the available value.
-Expansion of focus points. Activate overdrive.
But Sirone did not hesitate. Sensing a tremendous power he had never experienced before, he stretched out his hand, and dozens of flashes of light hit directly into the torso of Thousand Arms Guanyin.
“Galgalgalgalgalgalgalgalgalgalgalgalgalgalgalgalgalgalgalgalgalgalgalgalgalgalgalgalgalgalgalgalgalgalgalgalgalgalgal!”
The body of Thousand Arms Guanshi Yin, which had been motionless as if stuck in space, began to be pushed little by little. He then fired sound waves in all directions, but Sirone did not stop his offensive. No, his power was getting stronger as time passed.
250 meters to Park Yo-jin’s installation point.
Those watching the battle from the ground were mesmerized by the sight of dozens of photon cannons flashing.
“How can such magic… … ?”
Lilia, the mage, was shocked the most. The reason she classifies her mental body as a demigod is because she uses her laws freely. The existence of the law must be sealed with the law. However, Sirone was pushing back the demigod with only physical force.
“… … I thought she was an innocent girl.”
Dante smiled bitterly at Lyria’s misunderstanding. If you judge Sirone by her looks, it ends up like this. He is a lowly boy who has no interest in dressing up and casually sews at a cafe. But he was the only boy who ever beat him.
“Well, you look the coolest when you’re a wizard.”
Lyria was conflicted. It was visible that the movement distance of the Thousand Arms Guanyin gradually got shorter. If the power of the Photon Cannon did not become stronger, it would be impossible to drive Park Yo-jin to the installation point.
“Lilia. Unfold Park Yo-jin. Whether Sirone succeeds or fails, if something needs to be done, now is the last chance.”
‘I am… … What should I do?’
If Park Yo-jin fails, the Thousand-Handed Guanshi Yin escapes into the world. Even if the kingdom made preparations, judging by the scale of the law, a small city was an enemy that could be razed to the ground in a matter of hours.
Lyria turned to Dante and said.
“I’ll prepare Park Yo-jin.”
I have no choice but to walk to Sirone. The people here are just as important as the people outside. It was a different situation than not killing the monster.
“good. Then I’ll tell you the operation. If Sirone pushes in just 50 meters, I’ll build a defensive magic circle into a mansion to trap the monster. It may not be the same as a bar margin, but it will be a minimum safety device. In the meantime, Amy prepares magic to support Sirone with firepower.”
Amy nodded.
“okay. I will cast the most powerful magic.”
Zokre looked at them as they desperately fought. His anger soared as he contrasted himself with his inability to do anything.
Why risk your life?
They just have to go away. He would have to pay for all his sins anyway, and it was the kingdom’s job to take care of the aftermath.
“Why are you fighting?”
Dante, who was guarding Lyria, turned his head.
“What are you talking about? If you intend to interfere, I will kill you first.”
“Why are you fighting? You guys are innocent, so just run away! don’t you want to live So strong, so gifted! Are you saying you want to be killed in a place like this when a prosperous future is guaranteed?”
Dante looked at Zocre in bewilderment. However, he sighed as if he knew.
“Did you learn magic because you wanted to be successful?”
“what?”
“Isn’t the order changed? You learn magic because you like magic, and success follows you when you become good at magic. If I run away from here, won’t my stomach churn? I’m just fighting with the magic I learned. So don’t disturb me and watch quietly.”
After finishing the sequence ceremony, Amy opened her eyes.
“it’s over. I will start now.”
As the crimson eyes radiated a red glow, two pillars of fire rose from beneath their feet and merged into a huge fireball. It was an Inferno that was several times larger than the one shot in the zero radius.
Zokre stared blankly at the fire that blazed like the sun, then realized something and lowered his head.
‘They’re crazy about magic… … .’
—————————————

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-342.txt
=============YYYYY=============
[342] Main character of life (2)
Talent or whatever, it was just an excuse from the start.
Their minds were so full of magic from the start that there was no room for success or fame.
want to win You don’t want to lose the competition. And in the end, I want to become the best wizard.
Dante’s eyes lit up when he saw Inferno. It was a powerful magic that could not be seen in the graduation exam.
‘You lowered the entropy by using self-image memory. If it were red eyes, it would be close to 0%. That would work.’
“Dante, Dante.”
Lyria, who was kneeling, called Dante behind her with a trembling voice.
“what’s the matter? Any problem?”
“really… … can you do it? Can you succeed?”
“Why are you asking me that?”
Lyria turned her head and looked up at Dante. Looking at her crying face, it seemed that she was in a lot of mental conflict.
“You always make sure choices! So tell me! I think it will be reassuring if you tell me.”
Dante understood her feelings. A mage’s cool-headedness in battle is just as important as a swordsman’s conviction. Fear comes from insecurity, not crisis. When you can objectively analyze the situation, your colleagues can muster up the courage to fight.
“I am not optimistic. But I am not pessimistic.”
It was literally two sides of the same coin. Also, this was the minimum probability that a wizard could try something.
“There is a 50% chance that Sirone will push. There is a 50% chance that my defensive magic circle will work. There is also a 50% chance that Amy’s magic will work on the enemy. If you add the three cases, you know what the situation is?”
Lyria, who had muttered Dante’s words, raised her head with her eyes wide open as if she had realized something.
“So, 150 percent?”
Dante smiled bitterly.
“… … You are not a wizard.”
Remaining distance to Park Yo-jin installation point, 220 meters.
Sirone sharpened the photon cannon in a trance. The flashes of light over the back of his hand were blinding. The magic amplification spheres embedded in his hands were red hot.
“Quaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!”
Thousands Hands Guanyin’s back bent and he was pushed to the ground.
Distance remaining, 200 meters.
Zocre’s legs trembled as he stared at the gigantic Guanshi Yin, which seemed about to fall at any moment.
‘Is that Sirone… … .’
A person who overwhelms Dante, the best defense force in the kingdom, with firepower.
Even so, there were times when I thought that it was at the student level. Otherwise, I couldn’t stand the feeling of shame.
However, the Photon Cannon, which I saw with my own eyes, was a power that even a few pros could not use.
They may not be superior to the pros in every aspect, but they have already reached the pro level in at least one respect.
That was the top 5 prestigious students.
Distance remaining, 170 metres.
“Come in! I will create a second barrier!”
Dante imprisoned the Thousand Arms Guanyin in the hexagonal mansion. Because he accumulated information only on the inner side of the magic circle, attacks coming from the outside were not applied. On the other hand, Thousand Arms Guanyin, who was trapped in a narrow wall, struggled strongly.
“Great!”
Dante’s expression crumpled. They are pulling the mansion down to the ground while imprisoning it, but the resistance is stronger than expected. In particular, the power of the fireball that spread in all directions was enough to destroy the defense magic circle rescued with the highest durability within 30 seconds.
Distance remaining, 120 metres.
Dante shouted with the veins on his face.
“Amy! now!”
“okay!”
As Amy jumped up and waved her hands, the huge Inferno left its master’s hand and moved away. A ball of fire slowly crossing the sky struck the Cheonsu Guanshiyin without error following the coordinates of his self-image memory.
“Quaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!”
As Thousand Arms Guanyin’s body burned, Dante felt the pressure loosen a little. Flame-type magic had an advantage over the Photon Cannon in that it could deliver continuous impact.
Remaining distance, 40 meters.
Lyria shook her head and shouted.
“Still not enough! At this rate, I can’t confine Park Yo-jin!”
The blazing Ten-Armed Guanshiyin screeched and scratched the magic circle inside the mansion. Eventually, the magic circle that had reached its limit of durability shattered like glass.
Lyria’s face turned miserable.
“it’s over. The demigod will go out into the world.”
“No, it’s not over.”
Lyria’s gaze turned to the sky. Shirone, who was gathering the brilliance of light in her hands, was looking down at the Tenshu Kannon from a high place. As the light in her hand grew, it was as if another sun was floating in the sky.
“Yaaaaaa!”
Sirone fired the photon cannon with all her might. A huge flash of light with a diameter of 1 meter pierced the side of the Thousand Arms Guanyin.
Remaining distance, 30 meters.
“Quaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!”
Thousand Arms Guanshi Yin struggled with his arms. However, a mass that even his own laws could not withstand continued to attack.
Distance remaining, 20 meters.
“Now! Start!”
Lillia put her hands together and prayed.
May evil be destroyed. May the world come where everyone can live happily. As long as he could achieve the paradise of goodness, where there was no hunger, no murder, no adultery, he would not care if his body was torn into a thousand or ten thousand parts, and he would be able to laugh even if he was hated by the devil and fell into hell to suffer forever. I will become manure for the world. If everyone had a good will, they would gladly go into the filthiest places and roll their bodies.
She shed tears like a waterfall. The will to transcend the criminal’s limits drew in the energy of the totem embedded in the old castle. As the gold margin disappeared, Park Yo-jin with a diameter of 10 meters appeared.
“I command in the name of Lyria! Evil, sleep here!”
Lyria’s eyes burned golden. The flowing tears evaporated in an instant, and a pillar of light made of the law pierced the sky.
“Kuaaaaa!”
As the flash of the photon cannon pressed forward, Tenshu Guanyin screamed in agony and struggled with dozens of hands.
Remaining distance, 10 meters.
“Aaaaaaa!”
Sirone felt the photon cannon’s output decrease. However, when the power was raised again through mental transcendence, the flash amplified and completely covered the Thousand Arms Guanshiyin.
Remaining distance.
0 meters.
When the Thousand Arms Guanshi Yin came into Park Yo-jin’s domain, Lilia concentrated all her will in one place.
“Kyaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!”
The most powerful golden magician’s method in the Akeanis Shrine.
Ock King Park Yo-jin.
Two arms made of light twisted like a twist and came up, grabbed the Thousand Arms Guanshi Yin and pulled it to the ground.
“Ah! big! Aaaaaa!”
Thousand Arms Guanyin desperately endured. There is no reason for evil laws to exist in a space filled with good will. Even so, the fact that he endured was a clear proof that he was a demigod.
‘But it’s over! Just a little, a little more… … !’
Just when I thought Lyria was over, I heard footsteps. Her Vivian passed her and started running to her Jade Wang Bak Yojin.
“Ice Queen!”
Dante’s face contorted.
“That fool!”
Lyria shouted with shocked eyes.
“You can’t get close! Don’t be dragged away!”
Park Yo-jin is different from Geum Ma-jin.
Because the will of good was concentrated in a narrow area, humans who were inclined to evil in the slightest had no choice but to fall into the abyss.
Vivian heard Lyria’s voice clearly. But she never stopped running.
“This is the end. This is the end of my play.”
It was a life that no one paid attention to. However, the Ice Queen gave her hope that she could become the main character. Even if the reality was a monster, even if her kindness and consideration stemmed from ignorance, that was the only spotlight for Vivian.
Vivian’s tears ran away from her eyes.
What will happen when you enter Park Yo-jin? Perhaps only the stillness after the play would last forever.
But I wasn’t afraid. You will meet the Ice Queen. She will greet her audience by holding her hand with her. I will shout out to the world to thank you for watching a wonderful performance.
“Yaaaaaa!”
As soon as she couldn’t see anything because of her tears, Vivian kicked off the ground and threw herself with Yojin Ockwang.
“Vivian! Come back!”
Zokre sobbed and shouted.
She is a sensitive child. She may not even know that her heart is broken in the face of a situation she cannot be responsible for.
But it shouldn’t end this way.
everything was his own fault.
If she hadn’t drunkenly entered into the nature of the Ice Queen, or hadn’t cared about Amy, she wouldn’t have made such an extreme choice.
“Bibiaaaan!”
Zocre’s screams could not catch Vivian. It was Amy who caught her. Her Amy, who threw her body and hugged Vivian, escaped her bar margin by a hair’s breadth and fell. At the same time, the Thousand Arms Guanshi Yin fell as if it were buried in Jade King Park Yojin. The sound of hundreds of claws scraping the ground was terrifying.
“Kuaaaaa!”
Those who watched the force of the ground plowing gave goosebumps. However, even the formidable power could not overcome the reason of the Jade King Park Yo-jin.
It was the power of a mysterious and profound law.
Thousands Arms Guanyin sank into the abyss of the law, leaving only thousands of fingernail marks.
Then Vivian, who had been watching with tears in her eyes, turned to Amy and shouted.
“Let go! I mean let go of this! I’m going in too!”
“it’s crazy! If you go in there, you will die!”
“Since when did you care about me? do you know my heart You who have lived like the main character all your life know how miserable I feel?”
“So you want to die? miserable?”
“No, I will torment you until the end! I will never let you succeed! At this moment, I am the main character!”
“Don’t talk nonsense, idiot! Where is the main character who gives up on life so easily!”
Amy’s voice pierced Vivian’s eardrums.
“It’s hard for anyone to fight! Still, fighting to the end to become the main character! If you give up, if you give up… … !”
As she spoke, Amy, who was crying, lowered her head. She was also the person she wanted to be the main character more than anyone else.
“From that moment on, it becomes nothing.”
The feeling of being thrown out of the spotlight of the world.
As everyone looked at only the successful candidates, Amy was crying alone in the room.
no one looked at me
But now I seemed to know.
You still have to fight.
Even if waiting is a bed ending, those who don’t fight to the end won’t be given the lead role.
Unsure of Amy’s sudden excitement, Vivian looked dazed and opened her mouth to say something.
“I am… … .”
Then the floor started to vibrate. Vivian turned her head, and then everyone looked at Yojin Park.
As soon as Sirone landed on the ground, he shouted.
“It’s not over yet!”
Dozens of hands came up from Okwang Park Yo-jin. As the vertical objects bent at the same time and pushed the floor, the face of Guanyin with thousands of hands rose again.
“I am! I am the ruler of the world!”
The faces of Sirone and the others turned pale. I still haven’t completely overcome the power of the Jade King Park Yo-jin, but I don’t know what will happen with time.
“Have you caught the lawman? You were lucky.”
Sirone turned her head with surprised eyes.
There stood a woman with curly blonde hair, dark complexion, and a tight-fitting suit.
It was Ahoya Gangnan, the chief secretary of the Magic Association.
“Who are you?”
Jiang Nan took off her high heels as she walked towards Guanyin. And he said, passing by Sirone and his party.
“Back off. Because you might get hurt.”
Lyria shouted.
“for a moment! You can’t go in unnecessarily! If you can’t deal with the law, you’ll be dragged into Park Yo-jin’s power!”
Kang Nan didn’t even show a hint of hesitation and pushed himself into the Jade King Park Yo-jin. She didn’t know whether she was a person leaning towards good or evil. She had lived as a Ram Muai from the moment she was born, however, and her convictions were not weak enough to be shaken by her laws.
“Aaaaaa! Aaaaaaa!”
Thousands Armed Guanyin was repeating its ascent and descent, scratching the floor repeatedly, like a person drowning in the sea.
—————————————

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-343.txt
=============YYYYY=============
[343] Main character of life (3)
Kang Nan took off his glasses and stuck them in his inner pocket. Then, as if in the image of a wolf, she raised her fists up to her face and brought her left foot forward, slightly swaying in rhythm.
Sirone and the others were bewildered. Even if Ram Muay didn’t know it, it was possible to guess that it was a Baktu posture. However, it was rather comical because it was in front of the huge Thousand Arms Guanshi Yin.
Lilia, who was worse off, approached with a frown.
“Hey! what now… … !”
At the same time, Kang Nan’s body became blurry. The high kick, which was so fast that you couldn’t even see it, drew a trajectory along the dirt like a thread. The instep of her foot broke the face of her Thousand Arms Guanyin at a right angle and passed.
The Thousand Arms Guanshiyin’s expression changed to a puzzled one. He rolled his eyes for a moment, then his hand movements slowed down. And finally, as if submerged on the surface of the water, he was sucked into the deep sea of Jade King Park Yo-jin.
“Um, what is that… … ?”
The shock that Sirone and the others received was beyond imagination. Even though he was trapped in the Jade Wangbak Yojin, he was so startled the moment his kick broke his neck that his heart almost jumped out of his mouth.
Sirone looked down and saw her thighs, which had come down under the strong suit skirt. At the moment of her impact, the stockings on her instep burned and rolled in, exposing her right leg. Her muscles cracked and blazed like pieces. But she soon revealed her smooth legs as her soft subcutaneous fat returned.
‘Who the hell are you?’
I thought it might be a government official. It was an insight that any department in their own country would have fully predicted the situation if a foreign priest came to visit.
“Whoa.”
Jiangnan sighed lightly. Then she took her glasses out of her inside pocket and put them on again. Sirone, who had been watching her, made eye contact with her friends and moved towards her.
“Hey, who are you? Maybe in the kingdom… … Ugh!”
When Kang Nan suddenly lifted up her skirt, Sirone’s face turned red like a carrot. She rolled up her stockings and pulled out new stockings. She said as she changed her stockings, whether or not she was aware of the boys’ coy glances.
“The enemy you are dealing with is a cerebral body code-named ‘The Lawyer’ that inhabits beyond the northern limits of Heaven.”
“heaven?”
Dante tilted his head. It occurred to me that there are a lot of really crazy people in the world. But Sirone and Amy couldn’t hear Huhtu. Also, if you knew heaven, it meant that this woman was no ordinary person either.
“Actually, the lawyer is not that dangerous. It’s just a simple phenomenon like the aurora. But when the environment changes, it becomes a headache. Golden time is 72 hours from the start of occurrence. From then on, it evolves exponentially. You guys got it just right.”
Kang Nan pulled up her stockings to her belly button, then slammed the skirt down to smooth out the wrinkles.
“Because you judged well, let me pass on your arbitrary actions. If the ruler of the law had expanded the radius of action, the army would have been dispatched. You have saved the lives of many people.”
Having said that, Kang Nan turned around and put on high heels. She went back and straightened her clothes when she kicked.
“By the way, can you tell me who you are?”
As Sirone took off his hood and approached, Kang Nan’s eyes narrowed as he checked his face.
‘The real thing is younger. To really beat the law… … .’
Even in the initial case, the awakened ruler is ranked in Phenomenon Grade B set by Valkyrie. Since the normal angels are Class A, it means that they fought against a powerful enemy comparable to the fallen angels.
‘But how did you break the law?’
The <Demonic Sword Armand> received as a gift from Princess Uorin would have been able to defend the law to some extent. However, I can assure you that I could never defeat the lawyer with that alone.
‘no way… … .’
Gangnan could only think of one thing.
‘Is it mental transcendence? No, it can’t be. It’s not something an eighteen-year-old can reach.’
According to Kang Nan, all living things eventually move toward realizing incarnation. However, because the period is so long, most die without finding themselves within the given lifespan.
It was heaven, if there were any exceptions.
There are humans who live for hundreds of years and plants that live for hundreds of thousands of years.
This was the reason why incarnation was called the art of heaven.
It is said that the time to reach enlightenment is different for each creature, but on average it takes humans 220 years, cats 400 years, monkeys 600 years, snakes 700 years, and foxes 1,000 years.
In the end, if Sirone realized the state of mental transcendence, it would have surpassed approximately 200 years of time.
‘I don’t think there was any exaggeration in the association’s evaluation.’
Kang Nan is not an idle person. He was also one of the most trusted factors in the Association.
If it weren’t for the instructions of Gaold, his immediate superior, he wouldn’t have come to a magic school student simply for an interview.
Kang Nan recalled the situation at the time.
“If it’s Sirone… … Are you talking about Aryan Sirone from Alpheas Magic School?”
“okay. The sickest junior at my alma mater. I don’t know why the school still hasn’t failed.”
Gaold shuddered, but Kang Nan saw through his superior’s intentions and stabbed him sharply.
“You’re not thinking of taking part in this project, are you?”
As expected, Gaold did not respond.
“I am against it. It’s too risky. It’s not a matter to decide by looking at Ataraxia alone. Are you thinking of wasting 20 years of preparation?”
Gaold, who had become serious before he knew it, opened his heavy mouth.
“I heard you grow fast.”
Gangnan responded with a snort. No one in her association knew more than she did about Sirone, she said.
“Of course, he is one of the promising players representing the kingdom. It’s an unlocker that uses a battery that gives mass to light. If she works diligently, she will be in the 6th grade by the time she is 20 years old. Great managers are in short supply in any organization.”
Kang Nan narrowed his eyes and checked Gaold’s reaction. As expected, I kept my mouth shut.
“Are you kidding me? Yes, it’s 6th grade. Romi Etelado and Olifer Shiina, who are teaching the sirone, also got the official 6th grade at the age of 20. But they are not the youngest either. It’s just that there are a few geniuses everywhere in the kingdom. If you don’t intend to wait another 10 years here, it’s right to give up Sirone.”
“I don’t know. The youngest or what, I’m not a genius.”
Gaold leaned against the backrest with a cigar in his mouth and looked up at Gangnan.
“But am I the best right now?”
The intensity was undeniable. Ga Old, she knew, was not an outstanding student, she said. However, he was now the best wizard in the Kingdom of Tormia, both in name and reality.
“That’s just an exceptional case… … .”
Gaold held up a hand to stop him.
“Ah, okay. Do as I say. It doesn’t matter whether you become a 6th grader when you are 20 or 6th grade when you are 40 years old.”
“no. The reality is that many scouts measure performance over time as a measure of talent. If that’s not important, then what’s important?”
With a cigar between his fingers, Gaold let out a roaring smoke and thought.
“Eventually… … It doesn’t matter what you do.”
Kang Nan tried to retort, but kept his mouth shut. She’s a crazy person, but sometimes she’s speechless like this.
“It’s a mutt. Now that I’ve risen to the pinnacle of magic… … .”
Gaold raised his chin arrogantly. In fact, he was the only one who could call the last descendant of the wolf tribe a mutt.
“Being the best doesn’t mean being number one. It’s a complete departure from the group of ranks. Of course, if it’s a talent to quickly follow the path others have paved, then it must be a talent. But look at the world. Those we call the best shine a light in uncharted territory that mankind has devoted its entire life to. 1st place or 2nd place, it’s not that level. It’s something that doesn’t even have anything to compare the rankings to. That is a very different matter from following a path that already exists.”
Gangnan chewed over Gaold’s words several times.
“Do you think Sirone can become the best?”
“I can’t say for sure. However, its growth rate is fast enough to destroy common sense, and it can use ataraxia. If these two things mesh at the right timing, it might be possible to reach it instantaneously under certain circumstances. Then maybe we can create at least one more variable.”
Although the project has been prepared for 20 years, the difficulty is still challenging the absolute impossible. In such a situation, one variable was worth getting at any cost.
But the violence was unacceptable. It was not good to have unfounded trust in an uncertain subject in a matter so serious that it was worth exchanging the lives of all mankind.
“I understood. But you know what? Precise timing, specific circumstances, instantaneously, at least. That most of what you just talked about is made up of families.”
Gaold raised the corner of his mouth, as if his tension had finally eased.
“know. So let’s meet. See it with your own eyes. If we can increase the probability of success even by 0.1 percent, shouldn’t we use everything we can?”
Kang Nan escaped from the flashback and said to Sirone.
“I am Ahoya Gangnan, the chief secretary of the Magic Association.”
“Eh, the Chief Secretary of the Magic Association?”
Sirone’s eyes widened. His friends, who were watching from behind, couldn’t hide their surprise. If he were the head of the secretary, it would be safe to say that he was ranked second in the ranks of the Magic Association. A person who would be difficult to face even if he lived his entire life as a wizard was standing in front of him.
Sirone quickly lowered his head.
“Oh, hello. I am… … .”
Kang Nan was reluctant and spoke from the point of view.
“Sirone, this is a national emergency. There is someone who wants to meet you. Come with me to the capital.”
Sirone put on a blank expression.
It is said that it is a national emergency, but it was also strange to find yourself in such a situation as a mere student.
“Who wants to meet me?”
Kang Nan said indifferently.
“The president of the Tormia Magic Association, Mikea Gaold.”
“yes? Mikea Gaold?”
Sirone’s heart beat fast. He was the name he had heard most often in his life that he had never met.
It’s not just Syrone. In the kingdom of Tormia, there was no one who did not know Mikea Gaold among those who dipped their feet into magic.
Dante asked with interest.
“Why is such a high-ranking person looking for Sirone?”
Sirone was equally curious. But on the other hand, there was a part that I could guess.
“Is it related to the Ice Queen?”
“that’s right. The Ice Queen is a heavenly being. Do you know what it means for such an existence to have descended into this world?”
Sirone’s eyes widened. The first thing that came to my mind when I heard that the existence of heaven had descended was the final war.
“Stop, can’t you?”
“okay. A crack appeared in the space-time of the labyrinth.”
If the only barrier blocking the army of heaven was cracked, Gangnan’s words of a national emergency were understandable.
Lyria quietly intervened.
“wait a minute. Does the space-time of the labyrinth refer to the barriers of the law in the prophetic books?”
Gangnan, who was looking up and down at Lyria, asked.
“Is there a shrine?”
“Achaeans.”
“Right.”
Kang Nan nodded and continued his explanation.
“For now, it is not a serious problem. It was a small crack and now it has been restored. But a rift is always the beginning of a collapse, so things can’t get any better than they are now. We have to prepare for that.”
“Then Miro-san is now… … .”
Kang Nan raised his hand and cut off Sirone’s words.
“This is all I can tell you. For the rest, listen directly to the author, who is my superior. Come to the capital with me.”
Sirone was deep in thought with a thoughtful expression.
—————————————

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-344.txt
=============YYYYY=============
[344] Main character of life (4)
As the law was lifted, the tourists who regained their human form were horrified to see the naked body. There was an uproar. The women screamed and covered themselves, while the men panicked and looked for a place to hide. Sirone’s party asked for help from the people outside the city wall and managed to evacuate everyone to an inn.
Sirone sat on the railing of the cafe terrace and watched the tourists packed into each building.
There were people who said they would sue the tourism office, and there were people who screamed loudly to call the manager.
They also met the beings of heaven. It was impossible to predict what kind of repercussions today’s events would have.
Sirone looked back at Gangnan. She also faces the tourists, but in her head it was her wandering face.
“Now what? Are you going to convince people?”
“Is it necessary?”
“yes?”
“We don’t have to worry about trifles. People from the association will come. They will figure it out.”
“But it will be difficult to rectify with time. What if rumors spread?”
“We just need to publicize it as if the myth of the Ice Queen was real. Believe it or not, you’re polluting information. But it doesn’t matter if you tell the truth. Even if you know it anyway, it’s not at the level that ordinary people can do anything about it.”
Gangnan experienced this situation often. When information about heaven spreads to the world, it seems like chaos will happen, but I assure you, nothing will happen.
People will still worry about what to eat for the day, wake up over an important contract tomorrow, and worry about how to raise their fast-growing children.
Gangnan looked back at Zocre and his group. He stuck to his side and didn’t fall off, even though he didn’t give any specific instructions.
They know it too. that it is not a situation they can rectify.
But it was just a nuisance to Gangnan.
“Your treatment will also be decided by the Association. So don’t follow me and go away. If you want to run away, you can.”
Zokre and the others bowed their heads sullenly.
I fully understand what it means to have the Magic Association as an enemy. Even if he goes to prison, his wizard license will not be revoked as long as he belongs to the Red Line. However, the moment they ran away, the only place they could belong was the Black Line. In the world of those caught in madness, Zocre and his party did not have the ability to endure.
“yes. sorry. When the members of the association come, I will surrender.”
Amy silently looked at Zocre and the others as they walked away. This was the life I could share with them. No matter what happens, you have to live in the end, and you have to live fiercely to become the main character in your own life.
After some follow-up, Kang Nan prepared to leave. Before uttering her words, she stared at Sirone.
After disarming the Keumgang, he looked much younger than expected. Of course, I’m not stupid enough to judge someone by their looks.
However, once I entered the association, I thought that these characteristics could be a headache.
That’s why Gaold’s proposal was unconventional.
“Sirone. We must start now. I’ll be waiting for you in the carriage, so hurry up and follow me.”
“yes. I’ll be there soon.”
Sirone was planning to follow Gangnan to the Magic Association. He was also curious about how things were with Miro, although the fact that he didn’t have a chance to face Gaold face to face played a part.
‘If you go to the capital, you’ll be able to meet Lian. Tess too.’
Sirone put on her backpack and approached Amy.
“Sorry. Because it ended up like this.”
I didn’t have the face to see Amy. She wanted to enjoy her vacation properly this time, but she put her in danger again.
“I tell you, I will never travel with you again.”
“haha! I’m really sorry. I have nothing to say.”
Amy smiled and shook her head.
“Thank you, Sirone. Thanks to you, I have confidence. I think I can work hard again now.”
Sirone felt it too. As well as the ability to subdue Zocre’s party, the super-heated Inferno was a magic that was difficult to implement at the same age as Amy.
I had an epiphany during the battle, but I didn’t ask about it. If there are 100 people, there are 100 realizations, and no one can follow Amy’s style. The day will come when we will talk and listen.
“I’ll call you when I get there. And Dante, thank you for doing me a favor. Take good care of Amy.”
Dante shrugged. She suddenly ended up escorting her rival’s girlfriend, but it wasn’t to her detriment. Heaven and the time-space of the labyrinth, Sirone and Amy seemed to be guessing something. I had plenty of time on the way, so I thought I’d ask about heaven.
“I don’t know what’s going on, but it’s good to go for now.”
“okay. See you at school then.”
When Sirone left, Dante and Amy also turned around. On the way to the exit, Dante pointed to the cafe and asked.
“A copy before you go? Of course, as long as you live.”
“How far will this go? buy some! You have a lot of money!”
“Uh huh. I escort you to the house, but at least coffee… … huh?”
Dante felt the presence and turned around. She was standing there with a large backpack on her back just like Lyria had seen her for the first time.
Now that the ruler has been sealed, she must return to the Akeanis Shrine and report back. She probably thought that after today she would never see Dante again. A wizard and a mage are good and bad, because they go on different paths from the beginning.
However, Lilia still had regrets. If he hadn’t met Dante, this dispatch would most likely have failed. It’s hard to imagine a wandering mage sharing feelings with someone, but because he relied on a lot of things, he couldn’t relieve his feelings like cutting with a knife.
“I’ll buy you coffee.”
“Hmm.”
Dante read Lyria’s liking revealed in her eyes. She was truly a woman who could not hide her emotions. She wasn’t the type to enjoy dating, but she wasn’t careful to stop a woman from coming, so she hugged Dante by the shoulder and pointed at her somewhere.
“good. coffee is done Shall we go somewhere quiet?”
Lyria’s face heated up as she looked at the direction Dante was pointing at. There was a sign that said Tteokhani Inn.
Lilia, who doesn’t know the world, couldn’t help but be shocked by the instant love method.
“Gee, now… … what… … sound… … .”
“haha! no need to subtract You’re old enough to know everything anyway. Let’s not waste our time.”
Lyria grunted and groaned. I thought I could accept her self-centered personality, but her circumstance with women was unacceptable.
“It’s like a flirt! Let go of this!”
When Lyria pushed away, Dante backed off meekly.
“A flirt? What did we do, are you already wishing?”
“it’s okay! I’m suddenly out of my mind! I don’t need them all, I’ll go back to the shrine!”
Dante laughed. If her relationship had gone this far, he had no reason to catch her.
“okay. Be careful.”
‘Indifferent child… … .’
When Dante really let her go, Lilia felt sad. But she didn’t look back all the way. If I turned my head here, it really seemed like there was no going back.
“If something interesting happens, write me!”
Lyria blinked at Dante’s voice from afar, then burst out laughing.
Air servant Dante. 18 years old.
2nd in the order of aspiring wizards in the kingdom of Tormia.
‘Whoops. I’ll remember.’
After letting Lyria walk towards the horizon with a bright expression on her face, Dante and Amy headed for the exit again.
I was about to leave the ruins of the castle, which I hated just looking at, but Zokre and his party were waiting for me at the ticket gate.
It was a very dignified face. She couldn’t completely hide her fears, but she didn’t seem to want to appear weak.
Vivian came over to Amy.
“Sorry.”
Amy shook her hand. This incident was no child’s play. It was seen that the situation was equitable by their being arrested.
“it’s okay. Because you and I fought according to our convictions. You don’t have to apologize just because you lost.”
“no. The one who saved me in the end. If I had died then, there would have been no next time.”
“That’s what… … .”
Amy shyly shook her head. She honestly wasn’t the only one acting for Vivian. She was the one who made the Jade King Park Yojin succeed, and what she shouted at the end was what she wanted to say to herself.
“I don’t know why you said that to me, but do your best. Be sure to become a wizard in the next graduation exam. Because you deserve to be the main character.”
Amy was stunned. I know it’s a cruel thought, but the words from the mouth of a loser gave me more confidence than any consolation I’d ever heard.
Vivian hung her shoulders weakly and went back to her friends. Amy, who had been watching the words of a miserable loser, opened her mouth.
“hey.”
When Vivian turned around, Amy undid one shoulder strap of her bag and started to rummage through it.
“ruler. this. take you.”
In Amy’s hand was a doll of the Ice Queen that she had received as a prize at the mini game room. Taking her trembling hand, Vivian looked at the ice queen for a long time. Her ice queen, the only person in her life who didn’t pay attention to her, her face was smiling as bright as her child.
“Black. Whoops.”
Vivian shed tears and hugged the ice queen to her chest. Zocre came over and patted her back. And she looked at her Amy for a moment, then walked away, taking Vivian with her.
Amy watched them leave for a long time. They will fight to the end for their lives. If so, won’t the day come when they can be the main characters too?
‘okay. I’ve only been eliminated once. If this were my life, I would fight and win.’
Amy clenched her fists and turned around. Unlike yesterday, her gait toward Dante was unstoppable.
divine transcendence (1)
A Kaizen swordsmanship school in Baska, the capital.
Quan, who is currently a certified 6th grade swordsman and was called a death magician before he injured his Achilles tendon, was fighting a nightmare of the past that he could never return to.
Born into a family of soldiers, Quan lost his entire family on the battlefield at the age of six. His uncle took him in and raised him, but took only his property and sent him to a swordsmanship school in another country.
But he didn’t resent anyone.
It was because he had no one to rely on, but he had a genius enough to become a certified 6th grade prosecutor at the age of only 20 years old.
The nightmare begins with an incident from 10 years ago.
It was at the age of 21, when he was appointed as the 2nd Company Commander of the Search Battalion to capture Cointra, the founder of the Dark Church.
The crew did not welcome Kuan. It was only natural that a 21-year-old kid had transferred to the veteran unit with an average age of 38.
Kuan didn’t care either. To him, his commander, a soldier was just a consumable item needed to win the war.
Without even having time to say hello to the crew, Quan led his troops into the Haunted Forest as soon as he was appointed.
So far, numerous search teams have entered, but all without exception have lost contact.
The former company commander, who was frightened, went back to his home country for sick leave, so Quan was put in an emergency.
But Kuan was confident.
Even if there really were ghosts in the forest, there was nothing in the world that his sword could not cut.
‘Don’t catch me. That it’s a ghost.’
The first day passed without incident.
However, something happened when the 2nd Company, which had finished camp, was doing maintenance around dawn.
“attack! It’s an attack!”
The sentry’s cry disappeared after one blow. Realizing that he had already broken through, Quan grabbed his sword and walked out of the barracks.
The other members were also armed with weapons, and were wary of the enemy approaching from outside the twilight of dawn.
A gale blew. No, actually the wind didn’t exist. It was just ringing in everyone’s ears. Qu An reflexively cut through the darkness, but nothing caught his blade.
—————————————

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-345.txt
=============YYYYY=============
[345] Divine Transcendence (2)
“Equip yourself with square formations!”
40 crew members united in a circle. In a situation where the enemy could not be identified, the most important thing was not to be defeated individually.
Kuan finally captured the enemy.
From 20 meters away, a dark curtain shimmered, and one after another, white masks flipped over to reveal themselves.
“what?”
At some point, those wearing owl-like masks swirled around and stood up in a triangular formation.
Sureureung!
Thirty people drew their swords at the same time, but there was only one sound. Seeing them standing in the same posture aiming at the line of sight reminded me of a certain group’s information I had heard during the commander’s training.
“no way… … .”
The strongest swordsman group on earth.
‘Why is Pungjang here?’
Fengzhang is an escort knight for Theraze, the empress of the Kashan Empire. If such people appeared, there was one reason. Cointra, the leader of the Dark Church, is under the protection of Thera.
“What are you up to, Kashan?”
“If you go to the underworld… … .”
Poongjang’s exclusive patent, the collective murder notice, was fired.
“You will find out.”
“Aaaagh!”
I heard the screams of the 2nd company. Even for Kuan, it was a tremendous life. He didn’t have the level of energy that an ordinary soldier, no matter how veteran, could fight back.
“Sheesh!”
As Quan kicked off the ground and charged, the Fengzhang scattered like the wind and gathered again. Dozens of swords created thousands of afterimages, and Quan’s body moved as if ignoring gravity.
‘shit. How many points of external gravity are there?’
The skill of the fan was truly astounding. Those who implement fluid mechanics with the human body. It felt like we were losing our sense of direction and sharing swords in the middle of zero gravity.
But it was Fengzhang who was really surprised.
‘It takes a long time. How many times have you swung it?
‘Approximately 23,000 times.’
There are very few people who can withstand Fengzhang’s swordsmanship more than 1,000 times. In other words, it meant that it could grind any being in one second.
‘How naughty God is.’
If this world were 100% perfect, all creatures would be happy as microbes. But always nature makes 0.1 percent mutations. The existence of that 0.1% lowers the remaining 99.9% to insignificance.
‘Born by chance… … A specially chosen being.’
That was the impression Fengzhang felt for Quan.
Technique, finesse, body balance, the ability to handle gravity, and the idea of creating new routes.
‘This man is a genius.’
At the same time as he thought, the Fengjang staff spread out like wings. Then it became a gale again and coiled around Quan like a snake.
‘Kill the genius.’
Fengzhang’s sword engulfed all space. It was so fast that it felt like it was coming rather slowly.
“Wow! rush! Rush!”
At that moment, the company members rushed in. As soon as it entered the radius of the wind field, its flesh was ground like a piece of meat caught in a mechanism. Quan’s escape from the sword was almost instinctive.
‘This crazy… … !’
An old man named Kobe, the oldest in the company, passed Quan for the last time. He didn’t even have time to say goodbye, but his smiling eyes said a thousand words instead.
‘Live. Company commander.’
Looking at the company members being slaughtered in an instant, Kuan realized why they had to die.
‘I see. At least one person has to get out.’
Kashan’s involvement needs to be reported to the superiors. Otherwise, more members of the search party will fall into the trap of Poongjang.
‘This is the best. Because if someone has to live, I’m the most likely.’
Kuan, who was driven away by the force of external gravity, indifferently looked at the dark storm that raged in the darkness. All the crew members I hadn’t known for a day, or hadn’t even met eyes with, had all passed away.
‘why… … .’
I felt something hot inside. A huge flame burned in a place that was thought to have been extinguished and left nothing but ashes.
“Why the hell! damn it!”
As Quan flew away, bursting with external gravity, the scattered wind fields gathered like feathers in a triangular formation 20 meters away.
“you… … Don’t think about going back alive.”
Fengzhang didn’t answer. In an unexpected situation, their heads were running complicatedly.
‘Mission failed.’
No, it almost failed.
If Quan had made up his mind to run away, Fengzhang would not have been able to catch him. The lives of 40 insignificant people set an irreversible precedent for the world’s strongest Fengzhang.
Fengzhang, who stood in the lead, slowly lifted his hand and took off his mask, and Quan’s forehead twitched. A woman’s face was revealed, with the corners of her eyes slenderly torn, beneath thick, pale eyelids that seemed to have no eyebrows.
“This is the first time a living person has seen Fengzhang’s face.”
“So what? Do you want me to be thrilled?”
“Come into the wind farm. We will lead you.”
It was an unconventional proposal even for Kuan, who is acknowledged by the world. Above all, they are the direct subordinates of Terase, the third emperor. If he accepted the offer, he would rise vertically to the highest possible position for a prosecutor.
Quan finally withdrew the sword and slung it over his shoulder.
“refuse.”
The woman’s head tilted gently. Which swordsman in the world refuses Fengzhang’s proposal? It was clear that he had lost his sense of reality due to the death of his comrades.
“The death of a subordinate is regrettable. But a new future awaits you. Don’t bury your talent in the past.”
Quan snorted. No matter how great the Fengzhang is, there can’t be two of the best under the sky.
“Don’t get me wrong. My men only fulfilled their mission as soldiers. The fool is the commander who can’t control his emotions.”
“Then why are you refusing?”
Quan’s sword aimed again at the woman’s forehead.
“I’ve been curious since before, isn’t it embarrassing? What do you call the strongest among those who gather in groups and slash?”
“… … It’s a breakdown.”
At the same time as the woman put on the owl mask, the 30 Fengzhi scattered like the wind and flew towards Quan.
‘wait. I’ll take at least one.’
How would you raise your face in the afterlife if you betrayed the expectations of your subordinates and did not even make a companion on the other side of the world?
Kuan fell into the storm of Fengzhang, spreading external gravity in all directions. The movements made by masters of external gravity went beyond combat and approached art.
‘Right. The answer was surprisingly easy.’
Kuan jumped over the wall. It was a certain level that he was able to overcome because he did not want to live. This time, Fungjang couldn’t help but be nervous. The forest of ghosts trembled at the deafening wails of dozens of swords.
‘A sword, is it even beautiful?’
At the end of the joy, Quan’s sword cut the trajectory. Fengzhang’s neck was separated from the body, and at the same time, another heart stopped stuck in the blade.
‘two people. That’s enough to pay for the meal.’
Whoo oh oh oh!
Realizing the death of his colleague, the flow of wind exploded like a turbulent stream. The killing of two people at the same time was an extremely rare event in the entire history of Fengzhang.
Quan calmly watched as their anger raged in the form of a frenzy. But they didn’t kill Quan. Instead, he took off his Achilles tendon like fish meat.
“Aaaaaaa!”
Quan screamed. It wasn’t because it was painful. Everything that made him, including the realization from a moment ago, disappeared as 30 grams of flesh fell off.
The nickname “magician of the battlefield” came from his magical swordsmanship, which decapitated opponents anytime, anywhere, but it was possible thanks to his genius activity and mobility.
There is no genius without an Achilles heel. He was no longer a battlefield mage.
“Big uh… … !”
Kuan couldn’t stand up. I couldn’t get up. Still, he stretched out his arms and crawled up his hillside. I could hear the deafening wails of the wind that circled around me. The voices uttered by 28 people, one syllable at a time, would be unforgettable even after a lifetime.
– You’ve become a mere insignificant thing.
Kuan continued to crawl. He was not afraid of his death because he had lost everything. But he couldn’t abandon his 40 men and give up his own life.
– Struggle like a bug.
“Aww! shut up!”
– Bark like a dog.
“Kill! I mean kill!”
– Report to your master. He said that the windmill saved his life. wag your tail and tell me
As the wind gusted from Fengzhang, the sound of fireworks could be heard. For Quan, it was like the world was on fire.
He fell facedown on the ground and clenched his fists. He couldn’t hold out any longer. He could not prevent his conviction, to which he had dedicated his life, from falling into abyss.
“Aaaaaaaaaa!”
Quan’s scream echoed in the forest of ghosts where Fengzhang disappeared.
“… … .”
Quan opened his eyes. His face was still indifferent, but cold sweat broke out on his forehead.
“Damn it.”
I couldn’t lift a single finger as if I was being pressed by scissors. After she had a dream of Fengzhang, she always did. Ten minutes should be as stiff as a corpse. Just like the day 10 years ago when the Achilles tendon was cut.
After crawling out of the Haunted Forest, Quan lost consciousness upon returning and was urgently evacuated to Tormia.
Theraze reported that he was protecting the Dark Church, but as expected, it did not affect the situation.
The search battalion was disbanded after continuing sluggish local warfare while encircling the mountain range for about a month.
It seems that there was some kind of agreement with the Kashan Empire, but from there, it was a matter of politicians, so Kuan did not intervene.
Quan couldn’t be a hero. The incident of that day disappeared into history without even mentioning the name of Poongjang.
The military had offered him the position of battalion commander in the cavalry. He was a second-class special promotion, but there was no way he didn’t know that it was for silence.
Kuan chose the campaign. His mind had already been destroyed to the point where he could no longer hold the sword.
For a while, I lived like an idiot. Thinking of the members, he had never dreamed of committing suicide, and he had no suitable helpers.
Then one day, at the suggestion of his only friend, Kiyora Ellis, he was assigned to Kaizen Swordsmanship Academy.
‘It’s moving now.’
After getting out of bed, Quan limped on his right leg and walked to the window. As she drew back her curtains, the morning light shone on her old desk.
Numerous papers were messed up.
Although the titles were different, such as ‘Psychoanalytic Opinion on the Phenomenon of Psychic Transcendence’, ‘Personalization’, and ‘Correlation between Will and Phenomenon’, the themes were common.
At the corner of the desk, memo pads on which he recorded his thoughts were stuck to them.
Quan looked down at them with dry eyes, then swept them all away with his hand.
He collected all the data on transcending the mind, but still he could not reach it. Let it be said that he moves his body by force of will. But what is an alternative will? Even now, he is lame. No matter how much he tries to walk properly, he just can’t do it.
‘Ogent Lian.’
who could have predicted?
The fact that a boy with no talent to be found will do what Kuan, a recognized genius, could not do.
‘Couldn’t it be that I’m just an idiot?’
Quan shook his head. I knew the truth. That he had already broken his sword. The moment his Achilles tendon fell off, the sword god also turned his attention away from him.
‘Another year is over.’
Today was the last day of the second half of the swordsmanship school. The measurement subject of the cadets he was in charge of was bakuto, especially wrestling.
Even if Lian could use divine transcendence, he would not be able to withstand the augmented physical strength of schema users.
Perhaps today will be another miserable day for him, but on the other hand, I was curious about the results of the past half year.
* * *
Tess went into the locker room with the female cadets in her group.
Wrestling is an evaluation item that requires close contact with the body, but since there is no meaning in separating men and women in a swordsmanship school, everyone had to take off their tops during evaluation.
However, women were allowed to wear tank tops.
Tess was having trouble putting on a tank top. Although his original skeleton was large, he had good volume, so he had to squeeze his chest almost like he was being squeezed in.
—————————————

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-346.txt
=============YYYYY=============
[346] Divine Transcendence (3)
The classmates looked at her with envious eyes.
“Tess. I’ve felt it before, but you really have a pretty body. Are you exercising separately?”
“What is exercise? It’s hard to keep up with the training. Besides, it’s not particularly good. It’s very cumbersome to get caught in close combat like today.”
He gave a pitiful eye smile as if he understood his motive.
“If you do it, there are all kinds of kids. There are men who touch me gently. Of course, if you do that to me, I’ll break your back.”
Another motive came to the fore.
“It is true that it is disadvantageous. Because I have to compete with muscle monsters who only eat meat for ten meals a day.”
Tess, who was wearing a tank top, said as she put on her training suit.
“There are sports that are advantageous to women anyway. Anyway, it’s the last evaluation, so let’s do our best.”
“okay. When I go on vacation, I have to sleep first. Lose some muscle too. I will definitely get a boyfriend this year.”
The comrade who changed clothes asked while lightly warming up.
“By the way, how is Tess? Is Lian and Jindo still the same? That kid is really indifferent.”
Tess bent her knees back, pulled the soles of her feet up to her hips, and laughed.
“haha! are you okay. Ryan has big dreams. If my boyfriend succeeds, it’s good for me.”
“Ugh. Don’t do that, bounce it and try it. If a pretty girl like you likes it, bowing won’t be enough.”
“Because I’m really fine. I’m not running anywhere, so what?”
I laughed it off in front of my friends, but it wasn’t like that in my heart. Lately, Leon has been talking less than before. It was clear that he was worried, but he never said anything.
‘What is it? Are you doing this to me too?’
I decided to put up with it until today. I’m on vacation tomorrow anyway, so even if it’s a serious concern, I’ll be able to ask comfortably.
After leaving the locker room, the cadets were heading down the hallway to the training ground. A man escaped from the crowd and approached Tess. Tess immediately showed dislike, but he, who is used to buying and selling, spoke to her with friendly eyes.
“Hello, Tess? I see you here.”
“Since it’s the same building, of course you’ll see it. Anyone who hears it will know that we met in hell.”
The man’s name is Rock. Coming from a first-class family, his father was the current Deputy Minister of Defense of Tormia.
Tess’s father, the commander of the colony, and a longtime comrade, have known Tess since childhood.
The angular square jaw, blonde hair, and deep eyes were attractive to anyone. His body was properly angled and his swordsmanship skills were excellent, so there were rumors in the social world that he was already getting a coma seat.
However, Rockeo chose Tess as his number one woman. She has the prestige of the Elzain family, but her beautiful appearance and nice body were not lacking in anything to make her her own mate.
“Tess. How about something for dinner tonight? Because I trained hard for half a year.”
“Sorry, but no. I have a prior agreement with Lian.”
“Do not lie. Every cadet knows that he won’t accept you. Why the hell are you doing this? You can have dinner with old friends, right?”
“no. I don’t like you, and I don’t want Rihanna to become conscious of you in any case. So let’s forget the old feelings and pretend we don’t know each other.”
The rock fish sighed. I couldn’t figure out why Tess, who was clever and sensible, fell in love with Lian.
He has poor skills and above all, he has no future. How could a swordsman with no knowledge become a commander?
“Tess. You have to think carefully. How long are you going to act like a child? you have a dream too With me, you can make that dream come true. Rihanna will never be able to make you happy.”
Tess kept her mouth shut as if she wasn’t even worthy of an answer. Rockeo felt the iron wall in her eyes. But the more she did, the stronger her possessive desire to possess her became.
“Tess. What are you doing? let’s go.”
Tess’ face, which had been cold, brightened in an instant. She didn’t even say hello to Rocker and ran to Lian, who was waiting at the end of her hallway.
‘That child… … !’
Rockfish trembled with humiliation and glared at Lian. But, as always, Rian only turned away after scattering her life with her nonchalant gaze.
Ryan and Tess were silent. Lian has been reticent lately, and Tess is worried that Lian will care about her relationship with the Rockfish.
It wasn’t until after he came out of the building that Lian spoke up.
“Are the rocks bothering you again?”
Tess hastily waved her hand.
“no. What if I bother you? Are you sure you don’t care? I told you not to talk to me in the future.”
“don’t worry. Because I don’t care.”
Tess pursed her lips. If Rian was conscious of the rock language, that would be a headache, but after hearing the nonchalant answer, I felt bad because I felt like I was being treated insignificantly.
“Rian. For these days… … .”
“How strong has Sirone become?”
Tess kept her mouth shut. what did he expect? From the beginning, there was no place for her in Lian’s thoughts.
The reason Rian trained to the extreme every day was to become a knight comparable to Sirone, who was growing rapidly.
If it was a master-servant relationship under knight oath, it was natural.
However, Sirone was a precious friend to her, so it was a problem that she sometimes forgot their relationship.
Tess shook off her sadness and patted Lian on the shoulder.
“You must have become very strong? Sirone is a genius. But you did your best too. If I see you now, I will be shocked and go black.”
Ryan smiled bitterly. What I felt every time I did my best was the extraordinaryness of a human named Sirone.
But now he was also seeing the answer to his long agony. There will be no more conflict.
“okay. You have to surprise me properly.”
Upon entering the training ground, many cadets had already gathered. After today, the achievements of the aspiring knights in the kingdom will be recorded again as a report card.
Tess took the top spot in most of the evaluations and was already in the lead group.
On the other hand, Lian still couldn’t get out of last place.
“Attention troops!”
When Kuan entered the training ground, all the cadets stood up. The nervousness he had when he first entered the facility disappeared and he felt a disciplined spirit.
“rest. Today is a wrestling evaluation. Do you know?”
“yes!”
A unified recital echoed.
It was enough to satisfy even the picky Kuan, but the tone was rough because it was the most unpleasant day of the year.
“What are you doing? Take off your top.”
As if it were a race, the buttons on his training suit came undone. The men, who exposed their flesh-colored upper bodies, paid attention to Kuan unwaveringly, regardless of the cold.
No one looked at the female cadet. It was disrespectful for her as someone taking knight lessons, and even with her worldly heart, it was the end of her day when Quan caught her.
However, Kuan did not put any special restrictions on the men looking at each other. Because that is the male’s aggression and wild instinct.
As the evaluation period approaches, the number of cadets using public bathhouses decreases significantly. This is because the body is honest and contains the process of training as it is.
Showing your body ahead of competition is not good tactically. It was for this reason that the topless wrestling evaluation was held on the last day.
The focus of the cadets was on the body of the rock fish. The large muscles split as if they were wearing armor, and the trapezius muscle starting from the neck felt intimidating just by looking at it.
‘It’s a huge bulk up. How much did you grow in one month?’
‘It’s a human golem. If I get caught, I can’t even collect the bones.’
In terms of sword skills, Tess, who handles sharp swords, was first, but in terms of physical ability, Rockfish, who hoped to be a heavy infantryman, had the upper hand. Wrestling, in particular, was the skill he was most confident in, and he was a skilled man who could even break a bear’s neck with his bare hands.
“Wow… … .”
As exclamations erupted here and there, the rockfish turned its head with a triumphant face. However, the object of admiration was Lian, not the rock fish. Everyone couldn’t take their eyes off him.
Lian’s body was developed without missing a single small muscle. It was surprising that there were so many different types of muscles inside human skin. The feeling of being perfectly integrated. It was as hard as if it had been put in a mold and squeezed.
Even the male cadets who would not lose to the body faction were mesmerized, so it was only natural that Tess had hearts engraved in her eyes.
‘Lian… … .’
However, her eyes quickly changed to a vague look. She knew how much pain Rihanna went through to make her body perfect.
After eating Ymir’s arm, Lian’s right arm developed abnormally. It’s good to have stronger physical strength, but it’s never a good thing to lose balance.
From then on, Lian went through extreme training, wielding a club heavier than a greatsword 3,000 times a day.
Biological feedback is truly amazing, and as time goes by, the entire body begins to develop in a way that balances the right arm.
What was born in that way was Lian’s current body.
His muscular strength, which achieved perfect body balance, was 4 times stronger than half a year ago.
Perhaps he was the strongest among those who could not speak schema.
‘I’ve been hit by the sword.’
While the cadets were admiring Lian’s appearance, Quan was paying attention to the functional aspect.
It is not a body built for one-dimensional goals such as strength or endurance.
It was a form optimized for the task of wielding a sword.
‘But it’s quite bizarre. It’s not the first time I’ve seen a trained person’s body, but I feel like I’m seeing it for the first time.’
Quan’s sense of incongruity was accurate.
Lian’s body was in a state beyond the limits of perfection that a normal human could reach through feedback from his abnormal right arm.
‘Anyway, if you watch it, you’ll find out. What can that body do among schema users?’
Kuan stopped thinking and raised his head.
“Attention everyone. I will briefly explain the evaluation today.”
The cadets who came to their senses paid attention to Kuan. The rock, which was glaring at Lian annoyedly, turned his head.
“Wrestling is the major subject of the heavy infantry position. So, I won’t require any special skills from kids like you. As long as they are in close contact with each other in a two-person team, it doesn’t matter if they hit. Because I can’t tell them apart anyway. Since the weight classes are different, winning and losing are not included in the evaluation criteria, and it is okay to use ‘folding’.”
Upon hearing Kuan’s last words, the eyes of the cadets changed.
A schema is a virtual human body diagram that takes effect by overlapping several diagrams of a specific build.
‘Folding’ is an advanced technique of schema, which folds a specific human body diagram in half to create an effect as if two sheets were overlapped.
For example, if a test that uses muscle strength as its base technique tree performs folding, its strength increases more than twice.
At a higher level, two folds are entered, which are called ‘double’.
In this way, it is developed into triple, quadra, and penta, and the limit of folding that humans can reach is known to be 7 times.
Of course, at the cadet level, it is clear that even singles are difficult skills. However, Kaizen Swordsmanship Academy, which is no other place, is a prestigious school where the most talented people gather in Tormia.
Even if they were still treated as children by the instructors, more than half of them could speak basic folding.
Tess turned to Lian. As expected, his expression darkened. Lian’s skills are not inferior to those of the other cadets. However, as long as the schema was included in the evaluation items, he was always in last place.
The description of the schema is not limited to folding.
Numerous advanced technologies have been developed, such as ‘transmission’, which expresses the properties of two human body diagrams at once, ‘reversal’, which turns the technique build upside down, and ‘intersection’, which folds the human body diagram diagonally.
—————————————

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-347.txt
=============YYYYY=============
[347] Divine Transcendence (4)
So far, they are equally enduring only with their physical abilities, but eventually, if the level of competitors increases, the gap will inevitably widen.
So, even though the school knew about Lian’s circumstances, they were unable to readily make exceptions.
“I will start the evaluation from Article 1. Groups 2 and 3 come out and warm up, and the rest rest.”
The cadets belonging to Group 1 went to the training ground with their eyes wide open. When Kuan, who sat down with the evaluation paper, gave the signal to start, he let out a monstrous spirit and engaged in a violent hand-to-hand combat.
As Quan focuses on the confrontation, the cadets regain their composure. As always, Tess came to sit next to Lian. It was nice to have a conversation with Lian ahead of the evaluation. Would you say it feels like being alone with your lover on a battlefield?
However, Tess’ small pleasure was ruined by the approaching rock fish.
He walked with his well-developed chin raised and looked down at Lian and said.
“Hey, Lian. how is it? Can you avoid finishing last this time?”
“Never mind. It’s not your business.”
“haha! Of course it is. It’s like last place. I don’t know. But suddenly I got a funny idea. Maybe it has something to do with you.”
“What are you talking about?”
When Lian turned around, the rock fish pointed at him with his thumb.
“How about hanging out with me? Wrestling. do you know If you defeat me, the strongest, will the school recognize you? Don’t you have to do something to get out of last place?”
Rian looked back as if she wasn’t interested.
“I don’t need anyone’s approval. If I had to fight, I would fight anyone, but I don’t want to brag about my strength.”
The rock fish smiled faintly. These were the words of a typical underdog who wants to avoid fights and builds his ego.
But this time, that pride would get in the way.
“Hmm. Can you take responsibility for your words now?”
Having said that, the rockfish looked around the training ground. And he raised his hand without missing the gap at the end of the 2nd group confrontation.
“Instructor! I have a suggestion.”
“what?”
“I want to compete with Lian. please allow The negotiations between the two have already ended.”
Changing the way the cadets were evaluated was something they couldn’t do without a liver sticking out of the ship.
However, this time, Kuan was also particularly deep in thought. If Rian was the target, he was interesting to him too.
It was because I was curious about how far the mental transcendence could hold out against the rock fish with the most outstanding physical ability among my peers.
“I will listen to the opinions of the same group and make a decision.”
Even if Lian and Rockyeo finished the discussion, the other members of the team could have had different thoughts.
However, Rockfish was confident.
Since no opponent could beat him in wrestling anyway, he would not hesitate to make an offer in order to get a high score.
As expected, the opponent of the rock fish meekly agreed.
Even if winning or losing did not affect the performance, it was difficult to display long-term skills against an opponent with an overwhelming difference in skill.
Lian’s opponent also had no reason to refuse. If it was Lian, who was not a schema user, it would be worth it if he did well, and if he didn’t, it would be a serious loss.
When each of the interests and gains and losses came to a conclusion, Kuan drew two lines in the name of the evaluation paper and changed the group.
“good night. Lian and Rocker go into Article 17.”
As Rockfisher sat down next to Lian with a satisfied smile, Tess was inexplicably anxious.
Not many of his peers would be able to defeat Lian in actual swordsmanship, but wrestling’s rock word was really dangerous.
I don’t know what he was thinking of suggesting this confrontation, but I just hoped it would end as part of the evaluation.
The rock fish looked at Lian’s hardened face and said.
“how is it? Did you really end up sticking with me? You won’t regret it now, will you? If you’re scared, say it now. I will make it easy for you.”
Ryan didn’t answer. If she didn’t have something to say, she wasn’t the type to make up words.
After that, the evaluation went smoothly.
When Team 8 entered the arena, Tess, Team 10, prepared to leave. Because wrestling is an intense sport, there is a high risk of injury if you don’t stretch beforehand.
“I’ll go to Ryan.”
“okay. To work hard.”
The rock fish added a word.
“It’s not a big deal. Show off your top-tier skills.”
Tess ignored the rocker’s words and headed to the training ground. Even so, the rock fish was not displeased. He didn’t have much left to send a cold glance. Once the confrontation with Rian begins, her eyes will burn hot.
It was Tess’ turn. The opponent was Godim, a swordsman with an honest personality. Sticking to the short-shaved hair of his trainee days, he blushed when he faced Tess.
It is foolish to separate men and women in schools that teach the art of killing people. However, I thought that it was not necessary to go to wrestling, which involved heavy physical contact.
Nevertheless, when he entered the confrontation, Godim’s eyes sharpened like a warrior facing a beast.
Tess ran first and collided with Godim. Godim lowered her center of gravity and stretched out her arms to pull her thighs together. Her legs lifted momentarily, but Tess deftly turned her around and disabled her technique.
Seeing this, the rockfish smiled in satisfaction.
“That’s great, Tess. What a wonderful woman. it is not so?”
Even Ryan acknowledged Tess’ talent and ability. However, the words of the rock fish were unpleasant. It was because he knew that the place where his eyes were directed was not Tess’s skills, but her body.
“Why are you trying to fight me?”
“You must know why?”
The rock fish laughed. Judging by the opening of his taciturn mouth, he seemed to be getting impatient for fear of losing Tess.
“If that’s really the reason, don’t bring Tess in again. If you want to fight instead, come anytime. Because I don’t run away or avoid it.”
“haha! You are confident. But what next for you?”
Rockfish decided to get to the point. Now without Tess was a golden opportunity to reveal his true feelings.
“Ogent Lian. I’ve heard rumors I heard that your training is called demon training. You risked your life to win, what is this? good anyway Then, why don’t the losers in this confrontation step back from Tess?”
Ryan snorted in disbelief.
“Do you think Tess will choose you just because you beat me?”
“It doesn’t matter. It’s one thing for you to leave and Tess to choose me. I am asking about your resolve.”
Ryan put off an answer and looked at Tess. Her wrestling was different from Godim. She was distracting her opponent with flexibility and balance, not strength.
Tess’ talent was certainly genuine. On the other hand, he himself has no talent and no future. Under these circumstances, it was just a luxury for her to consider who she was.
“I don’t bet on people’s hearts.”
“joy. Are you pulling your tail because it’s disadvantageous?”
“But I will tell you this.”
Lian’s eyes glared at the rock fish.
“Even if you kill me in this confrontation, I will never resent you.”
Ryan’s intentions were sincere. However, because he was born with strong bones and had a military constitution, he was more aggression than fear.
“haha! Are you shouting? Do you know that I can’t?”
Then there was a thud from the training ground. Lian and Rocker looked back at the same time. Tess was holding Godim by the arm, hanging her on the ground.
Godim looked up at the sky with an expression of not knowing what had happened to him, then sat down blushing.
“I lost. It was a good fight.”
“Whoa. You did a good job too. Actually, the last one was a gamble.”
An overturn attempted by taking advantage of the opponent’s pushing force. If he made a mistake in his judgment, he had no choice but to give up, but there was no way that Tess, a sensory schema, could not catch the opponent’s center shift. Godim also knew that her words were consideration for the loser, and she meekly accepted defeat.
Tess returned to Lian and made a V with both hands.
“lol. I’m done. It’s a vacation from now on.”
However, the atmosphere was quite different from before. Lian’s expression was even colder, and even the eyes of the rockfish were burning with life. It was clear something had happened while he was away.
“Rian. What’s wrong with your expression? Rock, what happened?”
The rock fish shrugged and trembled.
“What are you doing by asking me about that? I didn’t do anything.”
Tess stared at the rockfish with unresolved doubts, and then sat down reluctantly. He knew it was a lie, but Rian wouldn’t answer even if he asked.
When the match in group 15 started, Lian in group 17 entered the training ground to warm up. Then he turned to Tess and said to the rock fisherman who pretended to follow him.
“Tess. You’ll find out soon. How crappy Rihanna is. And what a wonderful man I am.”
“What nonsense are you talking about? No matter what you do, the day will never come when you look great in my eyes.”
“You are doing too much. I’m still a friend I know that? I made a bet with Ryan a while ago.”
“bet? What bet?”
“The loser in this confrontation decided to give up on you. I thought it would be good to know in advance.”
Tess sneered and shook her head.
“Rock, Lian never bets on anyone else. That’s the difference between you and Lian.”
Rockfish was displeased with Tess’ blind trust, but did not show it. Also, this was the driving force that allowed him to sow numerous rumors in the social world.
“Is it really so? Just watch it for now.”
In any case, the confrontation was concluded, so it did not matter. Tess would be ashamed to see Lian suffer miserably in front of the cadets. In that respect, the wrestling entry was very good. Because you can take your time and slowly harass your opponent.
When Group 17’s turn came back, Lian and Rocker faced each other in the arena. When compared with the naked body, the difference in body size reached almost 1.5 times. Even though Rian is by no means small compared to his peers, the bulk up of the rock fish was so frightening that it looked like a battle between an adult and a child.
The cadets fixed their eyes on the two. Like a person who expects the brutal feeding that can only be seen in the wild.
Ryan will be eaten. The downside of not being able to use the schema was fatal in every way.
The reason why Lian is recognized is because he is following the progress only with his physical ability, but he was never the best with his skills.
The rock fish snapped his thick neck and said.
“Then shall we begin? Are you ready?”
“However much. Now that it’s like this, let’s have a good match.”
As Lian and Bahre took a wrestling stance, Kuan put aside his handwriting and paid attention to their confrontation.
The two collided at the same time as the starting signal went down.
After touching the body, you are free to do whatever you want. However, the rock fish pushed him in from the head and shocked him at the same time as the start.
There was a bang. It was a sound that made you feel anxious that your skull might have been shattered.
Kuan didn’t think it was a foul. It was a common case for collisions to occur for close contact.
It wasn’t that Rian wasn’t prepared, but the moment their heads collided, sparks exploded in front of their eyes and their upper body tilted back.
In a crash like this, in the end, weight is everything. This was the reason why Rockfish desperately bulked up.
As Lian stumbled, the rock fish immediately caught up and grabbed Lian’s back neck. Rian hurriedly came to his senses and made the same gesture. It was like two bulls standing with their horns pointed at each other. In a state of apnea, each other’s faces turned red. Gradually, Lian’s legs began to drag on the ground. Again, the deciding factor was the weight.
“Huhhhh… … .”
Breath leaked from between the teeth of the rock fish. I had heard rumors, but it was shocking to actually face it. Ryan can’t speak schema. In the first place, it should have fallen out of the first collision, and it was normal.
—————————————

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-348.txt
=============YYYYY=============
[348] Divine Transcendence (5) ‘A cheeky child… … !’ The rockfish tried the technique. He tried to throw his center off by framing Rihanna’s body with his arms. But Lian did the same, swinging his arm to sabotage his technique. Annoyed, the rockfish pushed Lian away. And she hit her body again. A second headbutt was inflicted. This time, Rihanna also felt dizzy. When the opportunity to tackle finally came up, the rocker rushed while hugging Lian’s waist. Hesitantly backing away, I walked over Lian’s legs and opened my back. It was over when I pressed it like this. “Keugh!” Ryan managed to twist his body and get out. He was still not in his sane state. It took time. However, the rock fish rushed again without giving it a chance to come to its senses. Lian, who had been thwarted twice, instinctively put his head first and countered. His mind flashed, but not as much as the first and second. The two raised their eyes wide as their foreheads met. Blood was still flowing from his nose. Rockfish could not control his anger. For him who aspires to become a heavy infantryman, strength is just as important as swordsmanship. Rian’s value would have risen just by pushing him to this point, who had no history of losing in wrestling. ‘joy. I can’t let it go like that.’ The rock fish raised the corners of its mouth and said. “Can you stand it? but are you okay? It looks like your eyes are open.” In reality, Ryan was hazy. In a confrontation of strength, the speed of breathing must be adjusted to the reaction of the opponent. It was like going under water and betting who could hold their breath the longest. The lack of oxygen made him unconscious even while standing. “Then, shall we go into folding from now on?” Ryan gritted his teeth. Did he fight without folding all this time? As if to prove that it was not a lie, enormous power came from the body of the rock fish. “ha ha ha! Is this too easy?” Rockfish cooked Lian as he pleased. He picked it up as if playing with a child, then put it down and swung her left and right. When the difference in strength was more than doubled, the technique was useless. ‘You didn’t think it would end like this, did you?’ The rock fish hugged Lian’s chest and lifted it up. When I applied pressure in that state, all the air in my lungs was expelled. “Huh!” The feeling of forcibly escaping the air in the body was the height of discomfort, but it was nothing compared to the rock fish technique that followed. He lifted Lian’s arm and entered between the armpits and tried to break the swastika on the lower body while standing. “I-that… … .” The cadets looked at them with bewildered expressions. Updominal Stretch. It was a technique called the Cobra Twist. Of course, the wrestling technique is correct. However, it was difficult to successfully perform a technique on a standing opponent, so it was a technique that was only practiced as a joke unless the difference in skills was large. And this is exactly what the rockfish was aiming for. Lian was caught in a technique with his side bent and his arms raised. Even if it looks ridiculous, it’s not a posture that can give strength, so once you get caught, you can’t move. “Aww!” A moan escaped Ryan’s mouth. The muscles were stretched to the limit, so even if the rockfish moved just 1 cm, the pain was sent down the spine. The rockfish turned to the place where the cadets were, as if to see Lian’s appearance. Although he was humiliated, he was in a situation where he had no choice but to be dragged away. “how is it? Shall I break your back like this? ok?” Every time the rockfish moved slightly, a creaking sound could be heard from Lian’s spine. Satisfied, he turned to Tess. I could see him trembling as he bit his lip. ‘You said so. You can’t ignore me too much.’ He hadn’t even thought of taking care of Lian’s situation in order to impress Tess. A woman in love is single-minded, so no matter how wonderful a man approaches, she only sees one. In order for her to change her mind, she has to make a mess and then she has to get it out of her sight. “Why don’t you surrender slowly? Or should we play a little more?” Ryan didn’t answer. His gaze was also watching what the rockfish was looking at. ‘Tess… … .’ Tess looked like she was about to burst into tears. she was a righteous person That’s why the person she hates the most here is also Tess, not herself. “Break it.” “what?” The rockfish asked with an absurd expression. “I should have said it clearly. I don’t care if you kill me But I will never surrender.” “ha ha ha! Hey, what are you always so serious about? It’s just an evaluation. That there is no need to decide to live or die. Besides, this doesn’t mean that your embarrassment will go away, right?” Rockyeo led Lian to tour again. The feelings of the cadets came through. Some fear, some anger, some pity. However, he knew that it was the eyes of the weak looking at the strong. “what?” At that moment, an intense power came through. Rockfish, startled as if bitten by a flying insect, looked back at Lian. ‘Do you still have strength?’ It wasn’t exactly a dragon face. However, the eyes were cold and dead as if time had stopped. ‘Stretch your back. stretch your back Stretch your back.’ Ryan’s gaze was directed inward. When the command to straighten his back was delivered, his side slowly began to rise as if it were a lie. “haha. Look at this kid?” Rockeo laughed as if it were not the same, but he could not completely hide his nervous feelings. He subtly draws out his power, but even so, he couldn’t stop Lian from moving. ‘what is this? What the hell is this?’ The rockfish clenched its teeth and inflated the muscles of its entire body. “Huuuuuuuuuuuuuuu!” And the moment I felt the reaction, my heart sank. It’s not delusion or carelessness. Even though Lian’s upper body kept coming up, she really couldn’t stop it. My heart beat fast and a shudder ran down my spine. Something other than what is called power is lifting Lian. The gigantic movement, as if the whole world was rushing in, aroused fear in him that he had never experienced before. Quan’s eyes watching it forgot to blink. That was it. The mysteries of divine transcendence that can never be understood. ‘Nonsense. How is this possible? What the hell is going on?’ Lian wasn’t in a position to be strong. Even so, he was completely ignoring the principle of the lever and was working. Therefore, he does not move by force. Some rules of the world are setting him up. “Hey, hey! for a moment!” Suddenly, an urgent voice burst out of the rock fish’s mouth. No matter how hard I tried, I was constantly being pushed back. As Lian returned to his posture, his body twisted grotesquely. Finally the cobra twist was reversed and his muscles stretched to their limit. “Aaaaaagh!” The cadets were stunned by the sight of the victim screaming. Lian did not let go of his anger or mock the rock fisherman. He only thought he had to move his body. “surrender! lost! Please stop! No waist!” Ryan didn’t stop. Even when Rocker gave a mocking performance, he wasn’t upset in the slightest. It’s been a long time since I’ve been able to take a look at the limit of talent. But that’s why the opponent has to risk everything to defeat him. Also, even if all of that was the beating of a person with no talent, he could never forgive himself for offending Tess. ‘okay. This is enough.’ Ryan finally made up his mind. And he pressed down on the rocker’s face, which got stuck in his armpit. There was a muffled, twisting sound. “Aaaaaaaaa!” The rockfish screamed as if its jaw would fall out. His body was so entangled that he could not fall. As his abdominal muscles were torn, his whole body was drained of strength, and only his jaw was open, limp like a puppet with a thread cut. Slowness leaked out. Lian grabbed the head of the rock fish caught in his armpit and pushed it away. The rock fish that fell to the floor twisted its body at the second impact. Tears were streaming down her face at how painful she was. The eyes of the cadets changed in the lengthy silence. In the appearance of the crying rock fish, I couldn’t find the flavor of the absolute power that I felt a moment ago. ‘Poor child. It’s vacation from today, but it looks like you’ve been recuperating for three months.’ The rockfish put his hands on the ground and raised his upper body. But he collapsed, screaming at the pain he felt again. He barely raised his head and let out an angry sound. “Don’t think this will change anything! It’s just that I’m weak! You are not strong!” I could feel the venom of the rock fish from the way he poured out bad words even to the point of putting himself down. But Ryan didn’t hear anything. The aftermath of the divine transcendence that forcibly moved his body seemed to tear the muscles of his whole body. ‘damn. It was too much.’ Ryan counted 10 seconds inwardly. As the count progressed, the pain began to subside little by little. It was a tremendous recovery ability that was obtained thanks to breaking through the limits without missing a single day. ‘I can move now.’ As I opened my ears, I heard the voice of a rock fish. “How long do you think it will last? I will become stronger! But you are the limit You will live as a loser for the rest of your life!” “That child… … !” Tess clenched her fists. If it hadn’t been for the evaluation, he would have rushed right away and delivered another blow to his torn stomach. On the other hand, Lian had a calm expression. Returning to his seat, he slung his training suit over his shoulder. Then he turned and walked towards the exit of the training ground without a word. “Lee, Lian?” Tess, as well as the other cadets, looked at Lian with an absurd expression. Quan’s cold voice pierced his back. “Rian. Take a seat. Leaving without permission is a failure.” “Then let’s fail.” Lian could not find the difference between last place and failing grade. No matter what performance is shown, the school does not give points to the test that cannot perform the schema. When Lian left the training ground, the atmosphere cooled. Up until now, not a single cadet had shown any courage against Instructor Quan, so there were already those who wished for Lian’s rest. ‘Is this the limit after all?’ Quan was neither displeased nor concerned about Lian. He didn’t care if the wilds ruined his life, as long as he took responsibility for what he had done. But today, I didn’t feel light. Divine Transcendence was a real power, and Lian could use it. How long can you last? The day will come when the body will not withstand the force of the will and will be destroyed. Quan, who wrote a failing grade on Lian’s evaluation sheet, put parentheses. And he added the phrase “unauthorized departure.” After the wrestling evaluation, Tess went to see Lian without even having time to wash herself. Just then, Lian opened the door and came out of the dorm. He was so clean that he even took a shower, even though the rest of his stomach would burn to death. “Rian! What happened? Do you really want to fail?” Ryan strode past Tess. It looked like he was determined. So she was anxious. It was Lian’s personality that once the fire started to spread out of control. “Please say something. Leaving during an evaluation is serious. Last place is not the problem. You know what happens when you get caught by the instructors, right?” “doesn’t care. Captured or not.” It’s not that I don’t understand Lian’s feelings of not being rewarded for her efforts, but things were really bad this time. Protest against superiors was unacceptable under any circumstances. “Rian. Think again. You’ve held up well so far.” “I’m not doing this because I can’t stand it. I’m sick of it.” The moment Tess saw Lian’s distorted face, she realized that she was serious. But what kind of pointy number does this mean? Everything was going too fast. The place where Lian arrived was the instructor’s office. When I opened the door and entered, Kuan was sorting the evaluation papers. He glanced at Lian as he saluted, then turned his gaze to the desk as if he was not interested. “what’s the matter? When do you go out like that?” “I came because I have something to tell you.” “go back. you are failing A cadet who acts as he pleases is not worth evaluating.” Ryan placed an envelope on the desk. After checking the text on the envelope, Kuan frowned and raised his head. However, Lian said with a calm expression, as if he had already made up his mind. “This is a letter of resignation. I will leave the swordsmanship school.” (end of volume 14) —————————————

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-349.txt
=============YYYYY=============
[349] Prosecutor’s Belief (1)
Sirone arrived in Baska, the capital of Tormia.
Sirone couldn’t take her eyes off the image reflected through the carriage’s window. The streets were neatly paved and the clothes of the people were colorful as if to emphasize their individuality.
When I entered the main street, there were many tall buildings that pierced the sky. Sirone checked the names of institutions he had only come across in books.
Alchemy Foundation, Prosecutors Association, Supreme Court.
At the last place they arrived, the building of the prestigious Magic Association stood tall.
It was safe to say that the 18-story building was a tower. It was a huge tower. Looking at the first floor alone, it seemed that several aristocratic mansions could fit.
Raising her head to find the top, Sirone closed her eyes to the reflected sunlight. The front was glossy like glass, so I didn’t dare to look up.
“Let’s go in. This is the Magic Association.”
Kang Nan, who paid the driver’s fare, passed by Sirone and said,
After following her to the doorway, the guards turned to Gangnan and bowed 90 degrees. Since they were the gatekeepers of the Magic Association, even the bodyguards prayed a lot.
But Sirone knew that everyone who works here is a wizard.
It was a sacred place in the magic world that only those recognized as the best in their class could enter, no matter what the water level was.
Seeing the revolving door for the first time, Sirone looked up and moved at full speed. Then she landed in the hall as if she was being pushed and bounced against the glass window. The receptionist at the central front desk was guiding the department to the nobles with a smile.
Kang Nan went to the platform not far from the entrance. The elevator in the form of a capsule in a coffin made of glass was constantly going up and down.
‘It’s moving with air pressure. It’s very convenient.’
Kang Nan looked at the floor where the platform was staying, and turned to the stairs as if it was not a good idea. Sirone licked her lips as if regretting it, but she had no choice but to follow her.
The stairs were wide enough for 20 people to walk side by side. There were as many as four landings, and the structure was curved like a spiral.
Upon arriving on the third floor, a monotonous landscape consisting of only hallways and offices unfolded.
A young woman was standing next to an office with a sign that read, Foreign Management Department.
It was Ravid Fleur, the 3rd floor manager of the Magic Association Security Department.
He was shorter than average in height and had blue pigtails that reached his waist. Her white skin and red lips made her look scary from a distance, but when she got closer and checked her face, her youthful expression was by no means an ugly face.
He was holding a magic wand with both hands and supporting his buttocks. The stem was thin and the tip was decorated with a fancy phoenix and a thick crystal ball was embedded in it.
Flew moved first and met the Gangnan.
“Hello, Chief Secretary. Did the dispatch work go well?”
“so so. Who is the president of the association?”
“You went out this morning, and you are currently out of town.”
Kangnan squinted one eye as if he was embarrassed.
“Where have you been?”
“That’s good for me too. I was told it would take about three days.”
“Oh, by the way, today… … .”
Gangnan’s mission did not have a fixed deadline, so it was inevitable.
It was impossible to keep Sirone from the provinces waiting indefinitely, so while he was lost in thought, Fleur pointed to Sirone and asked.
“But this boy… … ?”
“Ah, it’s the president’s guest. got into trouble There must be no place for Sirone to stay.”
“A guest?”
Fleur looked at Sirone in disbelief.
In the two years that she had been with the Society, not many people had come so secretly as Gaold’s guests. Most of them were the best envoys from other countries or high-ranking politicians who shuddered at the mention of their name, so it was to the extent that they had to clean the association and even hire a dedicated chef.
‘So what if?’
A thought passed through Fleur’s mind.
It may be someone involved in the project. Even when Kang Nan-yi asked her where Old was, she had a strong feeling that she was trying to avoid the attention of other departments.
‘It won’t be. How can such a young child participate in the project?’
Even the Fleurs, who claimed to be members of the Garold Guard, which were extremely small in the association, were only limited to the outermost border in this project.
Under such circumstances, it was impossible for a boy younger than himself to assist Gaold.
‘Who are you? Are you a relative of the president of the Association?’
In any case, the first impression of Sirone was not very good.
The common characteristic of those who follow the eccentric Gaold is that they want to be recognized by him. A rivalry arises for no reason in the boy who came to the president of the association as a guest, whom even he could not do alone.
Gangnan, who was coordinating the schedule, said to Sirone.
“Sirone, how about spending some time here first? I have to go out right away. Flew, can you take care of Sirone until the President of the Association arrives?”
“Oh, of course… … .”
As Fleur was about to speak, Sirone turned to Gangnan and said,
“Hey, then, can we go somewhere for a while?”
“huh? where?”
“I have friends living in the capital. I’ll stay there and then come back.”
Kang Nan groaned and fell into thought.
It was best for Sirone to stay in the association, but there was nothing wrong with stealing it outside. Rather, it was a good way to get out of the eyes of other departments.
“Okay, then let’s go. But I want you to keep it secure.”
“Yeah, don’t worry about that.”
Flew, who heard the conversation between the two, was even more suspicious.
Gangnan has a calm personality except when dealing with Gaold, but he is more thorough than anyone else when it comes to work. If the president of the Magic Association was supposed to be alone, he wouldn’t be an ordinary person. However, he did not know what a boy who was less than twenty years old believed in and trusted in security.
‘Are you royalty? Who is asking the Chief Secretary of the Magic Association for personal matters?’
Contrary to Flew’s expectations, Gangnan didn’t care much. Anything more than two people know is not a secret anyway. He brought Shirone according to the instructions, so from then on it was up to Old to take care of himself.
“Then come back here when your business is over. It should come within 3 days. When you come to the Association, look for Flu here.”
Kang Nan also told Fleur.
“Flu, as soon as Sirone arrives, guide him to the president of the association. In a quiet place if possible. Of course, I’ll take care of it, but there are times when I’m away.”
Flew politely bowed her head.
“all right.”
And he quickly shook his head.
‘Sirone? Then you’re not royalty. Where did you hear that name? Where did you hear that?’
I had the feeling that something was caught on the other side of my memory, but it was still vague.
Gangnan put his hand on Sirone’s back and turned around.
“Come on, let’s go. I’ll take you outside.”
Sirone looked at Gangnan and Fleur alternately, then hurriedly lowered her head.
“Ah yes. Goodbye then.”
Fleur nodded lightly and looked at Sirone with sharp eyes.
It’s definitely a name you know. It’s just that I can’t come up with certainty because I’m not familiar with it.
‘Well, if I look for it, it will come out.’
Flew waited in the hallway for the gangnan to dissipate, then quickly turned around.
* * *
After exiting the Magic Association through the revolving door, Sirone realized that she had come to Baska when she saw the streets overflowing with gold.
Kang Nan checked the time and licked his lips as if he was ambiguous.
“Sorry, but I have another job. Do you know where your friends are? Can you visit me alone?”
“yes. I know the address. you can ask If I can’t find it, I’ll take a carriage ride.”
“okay. See you in three days.”
Kang Nan easily turned around.
Actually, I wasn’t worried. It doesn’t make sense that the kingdom’s greatest aspiring wizard couldn’t find a way.
Gangnan went out to the main road and raised his hand, and the luxurious carriage stopped immediately. When I opened the door, I saw that a gentleman with a mustache and an old lady had boarded first. Kang Nan jumped up without hesitation, and immediately the carriage started.
Sirone watched, then raised her hand as the next carriage arrived. A blue lighted carriage stopped.
Opening the door and entering, the dimpled girl turned to Sirone and smiled.
“uh… … excuse me.”
Sirone was embarrassed.
Sitting together is natural in Basuka, but staying in a small space with strangers was unfamiliar to Sirone. Especially if the target of the meeting is a girl of the same age.
“Come on. Where are you going?”
“Ah, that’s the side of the palace over there.”
“Good. You don’t have to turn around.”
Sirone noticeably climbed into the carriage and sat across from him. After telling her coachman where she was, he turned around and the girl smiled at her and covered her mouth.
“Why are you like that?”
“Aren’t you from the capital city?”
“Ah yes. But did it show?”
“Baska residents never notice when they sit together. Don’t get me wrong. I didn’t mean to say that you were corny or anything like that. Rather, you are very cool.”
Shirone’s face turned red, and she lowered her head. It was the same with Marsha, but I couldn’t adapt to this kind of thing.
On the other hand, the girl skillfully led the conversation as if it were a normal day.
She was 20 years old and a student preparing for the Diplomatic Examination. She has two boyfriends, one younger and one a twenty-eight-year-old businessman, she said.
Sirone calmed down and listened to her story.
Then, just once, she asked if we could meet separately, with a hint of nuance. But when Sirone’s focus shifted, she smiled coolly and didn’t ask again.
“Then, bye. Nice to meet you.”
“yes. goodbye.”
After the carriage left, Sirone’s face left on the roadside had turned haggard within 30 minutes.
Aside from talking a lot, the culture shock was so great that I couldn’t handle it. Although not all people have the same personality in the capital city, I could finally find out where Dante’s free-spirited way of thinking came from.
‘Whoa, my head hurts already. Certainly the capital is different.’
Sirone entered a luxury housing estate.
Reina’s mansion was in a place where the Leth Mountains flowed like a torrent and the spire of the royal castle could be seen. It was much smaller than the original house, but still luxurious.
“Well, Reina noona is a court musician.”
Upon arriving at the main gate, the attendants who had accompanied her to the Kazura Castle recognized Sirone.
“What? Aren’t you Master Sirone? What have you been up to here?”
“How have you been? I’m here to see Ryan. The swordsmanship academy is also on break now.”
“It is, but… … .”
There was something suspicious about the blurring of the horse’s tail.
The attendants looked at each other, and one person turned away, as if they wanted to do something wrong.
“Please wait a moment. I will be right back.”
Since it was Sirone, a guest of the Ogent family, it was disrespectful to leave it standing at the door. He didn’t feel particularly bad, but he couldn’t get rid of the strange feeling.
Butler Lewis came out of the mansion. The intelligent gaze that drove Sirone was the same, but unlike before, he greeted her with a happy smile.
“welcome. It’s the first time I’ve seen you in Kazura.”
“Yes, I was very grateful at the time. But are you here?”
“Anyway, since a big senior works there, I often come and go with my family. Come in at once.”
Sirone followed Louis and asked.
“Is something going on? The atmosphere is a bit strange.”
“that is… … You will know once you enter.”
Reina’s mansion was much larger inside than it looked from the outside.
There were two women standing in front of Klumph’s room, one was Raina and the other was an unexpected person.
“what?”
“Sirone!”
Tess, who was looking like she was about to cry at any moment, came running, showing her bright colors. Then, he hit Sirone on the shoulder with his two fists and shouted.
“What is it, what is it, what is it? How did you come here?”
Sirone, who greeted Reina first, looked back at Tess belatedly.
“haha! I stopped by the capital because I had work and came to see Lian’s face. Did you finish school safely?”
“Hey, that… … .”
At this point, Sirone also started to feel frustrated.
“Why are you doing that? Did something really happen?”
Reina said with a serious expression.
“Lian dropped out of school.”
“yes? Are you dropping out?”
—————————————

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-35.txt
=============YYYYY=============
Please enable JavaScript
[Translator – Anwen]
Chapter 35
Despite the fierce mental battle happening between the competitors, in the eyes of the spectators watching from afar, it simply looked like they were busy jumping off.
‘I’m not teleporting until I start falling down.’
Despite the edge of the cliff being one step in front of him, Shirone’s body did not disappear with a flash. Seeing him so close to the edge, the hearts of those watching thumped loudly.
And their eyes widened.
“He jumped off…”
Shirone jumped off the edge, as far as he could, and into the sky.
The weightlessness of floating. Strong winds shook his body and mountain birds flew in flocks, dozens of meters beneath his feet.
Shirone grit his teeth and focused on teleporting. At the critical point of the leap, his body finally jetted off with a flash.
Shirone was the last to get off the cliff, and as the people ahead started to get ready for the second round of teleportations, the rankings got overturned. The group that started first sagged to the rear.
Shirone made up for his late start… But above all else, he was able to get ahead of Mark by a narrow margin.
“Wha—”
Mark freaked out when Shirone suddenly popped up in front of him.
‘What the hell?!’
‘How late did he start to overtake me in the first cycle of teleports?!’
Of course, they were still on their first turn, so the chances of the rankings getting reversed still existed, but the fact that the first operation went down the drain ticked Mark off.
“You weasel! Stop right there!”
With a hair width of a difference, Shirone and Mark cast teleportation magic almost simultaneously.
10 minutes before the start of the promotion exam.
A girl headed towards the training ground with a gloomy face.
Maria Earlin.
She was the third daughter of the House of Earlin, which was a 3rd-class noble family. She was a 19-year-old talent who entered the Alpheas Magic Academy after waking up to her magic talent early.
Although she was now stuck in Class 7, it was not as if she never stood out from the beginning.
She entered the academy at the young age of 10 and has since then been fighting fiercely to rank up.
But when Maria entered Class 7 at the age of 15, she was so happy she felt like she could fly. But her happiness was short-lived as her fear of the competition grew.
Ironically, her best performance was in her first year of being promoted to Class 7. However, starting the following year, her grades gradually started to decline. This trend continued to the point that now she was even ignored by new students.
At some point, such competition felt meaningless. She realized competition was not something she desired.
Knowing it would only bring her suffering, she couldn’t find a reason to push for the top-level classes. She knew that even if she were to get promoted, it would just be the start of a new competition with new people. Like a marathon that had no destination, she hated the continuous climb up the world pyramid knowing there was no end to it.
She didn’t want to deal with the competition, She only wanted to learn magic for that was what she loved.
“Haah, what am I doing right now?”
She felt like she had missed all her opportunities to climb up. And coupled with the fact that she eventually realized she was the oldest in Class 7, she felt like everything she worked for went down the drain. This realization took everything from her. Even her love for magic.
But yet she still couldn’t find it in herself to leave the academy. Was it because it was part of her life already? Or was it because she still had a little bit of that passion from before left inside her?
“Haah…”
Maria, who entered the magic academy because she liked magic, sighed when she realized she was starting to not even know who she was.
To her, the promotion exam was none of her business. But to also study side by side with her younger classmates while the exam was happening did not sit well with her.
That was the only reason why she started heading to the training ground.
‘I think it’ll start soon.’
As soon as she checked the time, an Illumination magic flashed near the peak of a mountain.
It was blue in color. And the moment that light flashed, she could hear the cheers of the students echo.
She couldn’t continue walking. Tears flowed down her eyes.
‘I have no place there. I guess only the talented ones out of Class 7 are there.’
Was this the end?
As soon as she realized that she didn’t have the courage to even leave the academy, fear consumed her.
At that moment, a devil’s thought consumed her mind, leading her astray.
‘If Mark wins…’
He would never let the person who snitched on him about Shirone’s bullying go.
It felt like her heart was about to burst out of her chest and her field of vision turned dark.
‘No!’
She knew that she had to stop Mark, but she knew that with her strength alone, there was nothing she could do.
She looked towards the location of the engine room of the Bridge That Cannot Be Crossed.
‘Maybe, just maybe.’
A small hope sprouted within Maria.
She contemplated once again…. She was positive that letting Mark win was the worst possible outcome.
Grasping that hope, she opened the worn-out, iron door.
Screeeech.
One employee who was seated on a chair yawned.
“When will this end? I just want a jug of beer.”
After blinking once, his eyelids started to slowly close while his head started bending forward.
“Hooh…”
Maria let out a breath while standing behind the employee who had fallen into a deep sleep.
Sleep magic that relaxed the mind hardly worked on mages, but for those who did not practice magic, it had a significant effect.
Maria looked around the engine room. After searching for a bit, she found a rotary switch that controlled the difficulty level of the Bridge That Cannot Be Crossed.
It seemed as though it wasn’t even activated because the protruded indicator was pointing to level 1.
Grasping hold of the switch, her hand shook.
‘Is this the right thing to do? No, whether it’s the right thing to do or not, is this something I can even do?’
She just had to turn the switch. It would cause something terrible, but when a person was possessed, only the sweet rewards blinded their thoughts.
‘I just have to make it so that no one passes.’
Maria turned the switch.
She expected something big to happen right after she turned it, but contrary to her expectations, her surroundings were dead quiet.
The silence weighed down her shoulders, making her plop down to the ground.
[Translator – Anwen]
Join our discord for updates on releases!
BOOM! BOOM! BOOM!
Explosive sounds erupted from the competing students. They were in a situation where 20 people were each flashing and trying to cross at a height of 1,000 meters.
At an average of 3 turns, while the distance between the leading group and the one lagging behind was not so huge, talent-wise, it was clear who was better.
Those who started off early could not endure the considerable height. They were Class 7 students who did not even learn flying magic, so the shock and fear were enough to hinder them.
‘What do I do? Am I really gonna fall?’
Come and read on our website wuxia worldsite. Thanks
The other side seemed too far from reach.
The Spirit Zone demanded extreme focus from a person, so it was an extremely sensitive state of mind. Therefore, even a little distraction might shatter it. Eventually, the students in the rear group, who failed the omnipotence of teleportation, began to plummet.
“AHHHHHH!”
“Help! Save me!”
The upperclassmen burst out laughing. Since they’ve already experienced this, they only thought those lowerclassmen were adorable.
Even the instructors had little smiles on their faces while writing the names of those who failed in order.
However, the festive atmosphere took a complete 180-degree turn.
One after another, the instructors raised their heads in surprise. During the time the students started dropping, the Air Net should have had plenty of time to activate, but the siren did not sound.
“What?! What happened?!”
“Save the students first!”
Siena dived down the cliff and cast teleportation at a terrifying pace. And Ethella, who was watching from the other side, noticed the strange situation as well and jumped down.
“Headmaster, what should we do?”
Alpheas hummed and let out a breath.
Since two Grade 6 mages took the initiative, all the students were gonna be fine. If they were to stop now, the students who did their best to maintain their position in the leading group would suffer great losses. It would be better to respect the will of the participants as long as their safety was ensured.
“Let’s watch for now. We have enough manpower to protect 20 people. Instead, wouldn’t ending things here disrespect the students’ passion?”
Siena and Ethella both shot up from the bottom of the cliff at the same time, students in tow.
“What’s happening? There must be something wrong.”
Sharelle spoke while looking through the telescope. Other students murmured at the unexpected situation.
But Amy wasn’t really bothered. A student dying due to falling was impossible with certified Grade 6 instructors on watch. Besides, the students in the front remained undistracted. If it was her, she wouldn’t have cared either. The ticket to be promoted to Class 5 was on the line, so who cared about safety?
However, the second half of the group was in a noticeable uproar. They saw instructors jumping off the cliff to grab the students who were falling.
‘Is there no safety device?’
The only reason why they made it this far was because no matter how similar it was to a real match, it was not an actual one where their lives were on the line.
“AAAAAAHHHHH! NOOOO!”
“Instructor! Please save me! I give up!”
“I’m dying!!!”
A large number of students started dropping like flies, but the instructors came to the rescue, saving all of them.
The leading group who were still in the game continued to fight their fear.
‘What’s going on?’
They could hear the loud noises from the upperclassmen. This ruffled their currently sensitive feathers greatly.
Their shouts reached the ears of the leading group, but it affected no one.
In fact, it actually caused their blood to boil even hotter knowing that there were fewer competitors.
‘This is my chance! All of you, just keep dropping.’
The leading group had advanced 270 meters, and considering they were from Class 7, that was pretty good.
And while all of this was happening, Shirone continued to protect his place as the first.
Mark and his team tried to take Shirone’s place multiple times, but to avail. Shirone bested them each time.
Mark gritted his teeth.
‘Who the hell is he?’
Shirone had so far leaped 27 times, and each time, he teleported exactly 10 meters.
If compared to a pull-up, it was the same as someone doing a rep of 20 while maintaining the same pace.
‘Is he a machine?’
He knew Shirone’s mental endurance was high, but he didn’t think there would be this big of a difference.
And all of this was being analyzed by the instructors.
Ethella spoke out.
“Oho, Shirone sure is a talent.”
The weight behind her words was heavy since she was an influential figure who never really commented on anything.
Other instructors started joining in.
“Well, Mark isn’t too bad. He is still young, after all. His routine is being shaken up. From a minimum of 9.5 meters to a maximum of 11. He’s being inconsistent.”
It was safe to say that his mind was shaken.
“On the other hand, Shirone’s routine is consistent. Their speed is about the same, but the one with a higher chance of winning is Shirone.”
In the midst of the compliments, Thadd’s expression wasn’t so bright.
‘Talent…’
He glimpsed at Alpheas’ face, worried about him… But his face showed nothing.
Suddenly, the students of Class 7 who did not participate in the exam approached Thadd.
“Mr. Thadd, how is Shirone’s routine that stable? I’ve never seen anything like it.”
Leaping a set distance consistently did not seem like something a human could do.
Thadd couldn’t help but agree.
“That’s…”
Amy spoke.
“He’s using Compulsion.”
Sharelle nodded in agreement.
“To be specific, he’s using Repetitive Compulsion. When you objectify yourself, your mind becomes more stable and develops a characteristic inertia. It’s impressive that he’s able to activate it at will. After all, it’s an advanced-level Spirit Zone technique not taught in Class 7.”
Since it was not something taught in Class 7, that meant Compulsion was a dangerous state of mind.
“He must have learned it before coming here. Since it helps one endure pain… Sometimes, becoming a machine is necessary…”
‘To take what we want.’
Keeping that last thought to herself, Amy watched Shirone continue to widen his lead.
It seemed as though he was flying towards her.
‘You’d better come quickly… Since I won’t wait for you.’
Shirone’s stubbornness in keeping his lead annoyed Mark to no end.
‘f*ck! Why can’t I pass him?!’
Knowing things couldn’t keep going like this, a female student, who was part of the operation team, flinched as Mark glared at her.
‘Is he telling me to do it here? Right now?’
There was a way.
As long as they gave up on their goal of completing the exam, Mark would be able to overtake Shirone for a short while.
‘Then after that, drop out together.’
Their plan was too obvious, but in their heads, it was better than doing nothing and ending it there.
‘My life is at stake, too.’
With a boom, she teleported right in front of Shirone.
“Shit!”
As soon as Shirone hurriedly tried to brake, another member of the operation team flew towards him from the side.
‘Sorry. We have to make a living too.’
Join our discord for updates on releases!

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-350.txt
=============YYYYY=============
[350] Prosecutor’s Faith (2)
Clump, who was sitting in the seat of honor, had his arms crossed and a serious expression on his face. In the seat next to him, Quan, who ran after receiving a call from Clump from the swordsmanship academy, joined them.
Lian, who was standing looking at the two of them, straightened her back and caught Klump’s eyes with an unwavering gaze before speaking.
“It’s something I’ve decided. It’s strange to ask permission for my decision, but please accept it.”
Clump sighed and let out the ground.
The blue-haired lineage is free-spirited and hot-tempered. I knew roughly how hard Lian had worked so far, and it wasn’t that I couldn’t understand her feelings of not being able to schema. But now it’s only one year. It was too early to judge the success or failure of the class.
“… … Are you running away? What are you going to do by dropping out of school? Are you thinking of going back to your family and practicing privately?”
“no. I’m leaving for knight training.”
Klump’s beard twitched as he clenched his teeth. Anger and joy were mixed together. How is it that he thinks the same as he did when he was younger?
Still, I had to object.
Even when Klump was young, there were many knights ascetics. The world situation was chaotic, and it was not a dream to unify the world with a sword.
But times have changed.
A sword is a skill that kills people. Therefore, there may be no better training than experiencing combat, but it was a double-edged sword that could end your life with a single mistake.
“Don’t tell me you’re young. Because you’ll be nineteen soon. But can you say for sure that you don’t learn anything at school? Is school really such an insignificant thing to you?”
“I never thought of anything like that. I just want to be strong.”
This time, Klump also showed his anger.
Being satisfied with being like oneself and insisting on following the path of ancestors are two different things. Above all, I couldn’t push my cute grandson with my limbs.
“You want to become stronger, so you leave training? Do you think that foolishness will work even after coming this far?”
“No kidding! I sincerely risk my life… … !”
Clump was adamant.
“If you can’t, then no. Practice can be experienced at any time. The first thing is to build up your skills enough to go out into the world.”
“no. I have already submitted my resignation letter. The decision has already been made.”
“I canceled it. This old man, who is in his 70s, begged a junior here to repair it.”
“grandfather!”
Ryan raised his voice.
Aside from accepting the resignation letter, it was frustrating that Klump had an affair with someone for his own business.
Just as Ryan was about to speak out with his burning emotions, he heard a knock at the door.
Klump frowned as if he was concerned.
“what? We’re talking now, so do it later.”
“The big elder Sirone-kun has come to visit.”
Ryan looked back at the door in surprise. My heart suddenly started beating fast.
My best friend and lord with whom I made knightly oaths. Whatever the reason, he was the only person I never wanted to see like this.
Even Klump knew what Sirone meant to Rian. He stroked his beard for a moment, lost in thought, before making a decision.
“Ask me to come in.”
Lian’s personality, stubborn and strong-willed, is not even a seed for a family member. But Sirone could have changed the situation.
The door opened and Sirone entered. Tess poked her head out to check the atmosphere in the room, but Louis immediately closed the door without giving her a moment’s rest.
Rian unknowingly avoided Sirone’s gaze. But Sirone didn’t care, and said hello to Clump first.
“Hello, old man.”
“okay. I heard about it from Rayna. She suffered a lot.”
He already knew what had happened in Kazura. After going through the ordeal, Sirone’s prayers were remarkably strong.
But right now, I couldn’t afford to pay attention to Sirone’s changes. Sirone knew why Clump had called him, so he didn’t change his mind.
“Lian dropped out of school.”
Klump gave an exaggeratedly upset look and scratched his head.
“okay. See how you can convince me Do you have such stupidity?”
“I am in favor.”
Clump’s hand, which was scratching his head, stopped. Not only Rian, but even Kuan, who didn’t know Sirone, looked at him with a look of surprise.
“agree? Does that mean Lian can drop out of school?”
“yes. I don’t know the circumstances, I haven’t heard the reason, but I think it’s the right way if Lian made that decision.”
Clump struggled to maintain his composure.
It was thought that the appearance of Sirone caused a variable in his conversion, but it couldn’t have been more troublesome than this if he was acting as Lian’s lawyer. He’s going to be a very tough lawyer.
“okay. As the lord of Lian, your opinion is also worth considering. But if you thought so, you could give a good reason, right?”
Sirone turned her head to Lian. And when Lian quietly lowered his gaze as if his face was still unsteady, he looked at Clump and continued.
“There is no such thing as a good reason.”
“what?”
“I don’t know which one would be more efficient for Lian. But one thing can be guaranteed.”
Sirone said confidently.
“The Lian I know is not a friend who runs away under any circumstances.”
Ryan clenched his fists. He was more confident than a thousand words.
“It may be a foolish judgment. But never try to avoid it. If so, I think supporting Lian is our duty as a friend.”
Clump burst into laughter as the feeling of collapse tickled his lungs.
It is a beautiful friendship. And it is human nature to want to protect beautiful things.
‘You wicked bastard. You already know what I’m weak against.’
It’s different from dealing with the owner of the house, Bischoff. Certainly, if it came out like this, the man of loyalty, Klump, could not firmly stop it.
But as Sirone already knew, he wasn’t the kind of person who handled things only with emotion.
“I know how you feel. It is also persuasive. But Sirone, that’s just you and Lian’s legitimacy. You don’t know the world yet. At least I’ve been a prosecutor for decades. Do you think it’s just school? you’re welcome. One day, the day will come when today’s dropout will catch Lian’s ankle.”
Kuan raised his hand.
“I have something to tell you about this.”
Everyone’s eyes turned to Quan.
Sirone saw Kuan for the first time, but he could tell from the aura he gave off that he was not an ordinary person.
“Actually, as a teacher, I did not respond to the general’s call to have an interview. I feel like I should pass this on to you.”
Kuan took out an envelope from his inside pocket.
It was Lian’s resignation letter.
“I respect the general and want to help him, but withdrawing from the resignation is unacceptable. Teaching students who have already given up school goes against my educational philosophy.”
“Grunt.”
For Clump, it was a mountain beyond a mountain.
Quan’s stubbornness is so stubborn that even the swordsmanship academy recognizes it. Even if his opponent was a general of a certified third-class prosecutor, the same was true.
“Let me ask you a favor. How can I not let it go just this once?”
‘grandfather… … .’
Lian was suffocated to the point of suffocating. I could feel his denial in the general’s appearance of asking a distant junior for his grandson.
But Kuan was really not an easy opponent.
“This is irresponsible as a teacher, but the truth is that Rihanna has no future at school. Of course, there are things to learn in the technical part, but the evaluation items are definitely schema. Currently, there is an opinion that brain enhancement also falls under the category of schema, but even so, it is not a nature to be taught in schools. As you know, education and practice are very different. Also, practice and practice are completely different systems. It’s not a sword fight, but just because the cadets won a wrestling match, you can’t count that as a score.”
Quan’s words didn’t sound particularly unpleasant. Quan, as the person who watched Lian closest, was just expressing his candid opinion.
Silence enveloped the room. nobody spoke up
At that time, Lewis, the butler, spoke again from outside the door.
“The eldest elder, the second boy has arrived.”
Ryan’s face hardened.
August Rye. Of course, at this timing, a lifelong enmity comes into the house. He was a person I didn’t want to see in a different way than Sirone.
When Rai came in proudly, Sirone hurriedly stepped aside. He had only seen it once when he worked as a librarian for the Ogent family, but his impression remained vivid in his mind.
A cold face with black hair. The cool atmosphere was still the same, but the energy was so strong that it was felt through the skin that he had grown much more than before.
When Rayna came in, Louis couldn’t even close the door this time.
Approaching behind Rai, she raised her ax eye and shouted.
“hey! What are you so busy that you can’t even poke your nose? Did you know that I came home after a month?”
Even the cold-hearted Lai could not help but frown at his sister’s nagging.
“I was busy. You can’t help it. I’m going to be dispatched soon, so I’m here to pack my things. I’m hungry, so cook me some food.”
Reina frantically glared at the back of Rai’s head, then whispered to Louise to prepare a meal. It’s a little brother who came home after a long time, so shouldn’t we cook and feed him some warm food?
Rai approached Klump and lowered his head in an angle. Now that I am the same soldier, I couldn’t treat him carelessly even at home.
“grandfather.”
“Hmm, you seem to be doing well. oh, hello This is Kuan, the swordsmanship school teacher.”
Rai’s eyes changed.
‘Quan? Quan, the magician of death?’
There is a story I heard after passing the official exam and enlisting in the military. Of course, it is an unconfirmed fact, but the name of the only swordsman who came back alive against Fengzhang was definitely Quan.
Lai turned to Quan and bowed his head.
“hello. My name is Ogent Rye.”
“Yeah, I heard about it. You have a good temperament, just like I heard.”
Quan was greeted as politely as possible. His attitude was different from when he was dealing with Lian.
‘That kid. A genius swordsman from the Ogent family.’
I got the official 10th grade last year, but I have already become a 8th grade sergeant. His aura was also cold and sharp, as if he were seeing himself in his youth.
Lai, who had waited with attention so that Quan could give an adequate evaluation, turned to Klump again and asked.
“By the way, why is the swordsmanship school official here?”
Reina crossed her arms and said.
“Lian dropped out of school. That’s why her grandfather called her to change her mind.”
“Did you drop out of school?”
Rai turned his head to Lian as if to confirm his intentions. Then Rian also opened his eyes and glared at him. He didn’t stand up to Sirone, but he didn’t want to be pushed aside even in a snowball fight with Rai.
But Rai just snorted and said he wasn’t interested.
“What big deal is that? If you want to quit, you can quit.”
Reina clicked her tongue.
“How can you be so careless? Aren’t you worried about your younger brother’s life after becoming an older brother?”
Rai passed Lian and headed for the door.
“He was a bad guy from the beginning. Better to give up now. give me some food quickly I’m hungry.”
Lian, who followed Rai’s head, said.
“Wait a minute.”
And when Rai turned around, he pointed his finger at his forehead.
“You didn’t go to school either, did you?”
“It is different from you. I don’t have to go, and even if you did, it would be in vain.”
A grinding sound came from Ryan’s teeth.
—————————————

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-351.txt
=============YYYYY=============
[351] Prosecutor’s Faith (3)
“Do you think it’s already possible to wear a badge of rank? No matter what the grades were, I wasn’t just playing around. I am confident that I will not lose to anyone with a sword.”
“Don’t you think divine transcendence can be a big deal?”
Raina looked at Rai unexpectedly.
I once talked about Rian’s divine transcendence. But that he remembered it was bizarre, considering his ignorant personality.
“Transcending the body? What a wonderful thing. Would you give me a round of applause?”
Sparks flew in Ryan’s eyes.
“what? you now… … !”
“If you depend on that, your body will break first.”
Ryan’s mouth was closed.
“Yes, divine transcendence is a difficult stage to achieve. But that doesn’t mean it’s great. There are many difficult and useless things in the world. It would probably be more difficult to move the mountain with a shovel. But nobody does that. What are you going to do by transcending your body? You are a human made of flesh and blood. divine transcendence? You can be a little stronger than others, but that’s it in the end.”
It was a cruel statement, but it was also true.
Even Sirone, who had reached the same level as Lian, couldn’t refute this time. mental transcendence. Transcend the limits of magical power through the power of incarnation. But when you transcend feedback, the mind eventually collapses.
Ryan gritted his teeth and managed to spit out the words.
“shut up. what do you know You’ve never experienced it anyway, have you?”
“Yeah, I can’t. That’s great. Do not cheer.”
Rai turned around again. And he said before he left the room.
“Congratulations. For the first time, I can do something I couldn’t do.”
Lian heard the sound of the string of reason breaking. He couldn’t control his rapidly beating heart, and his body shuddered against his will.
It was unclear how effective the divine transcendence would be in practice. However, it was also the only hope that came miraculously after ten years of practice.
“… … wait.”
Rai moved as if ignoring Lian’s words.
“busy. It’s your business, so you take care of it.”
“I told you to wait!”
The room reverberated at the sound of Ryan’s shout. The reason no one was surprised was because everyone was expecting it to explode by now.
When Lai turned around with a hint of annoyance, Lian strode forward and faced Lai.
“Ozent Lai, I challenge you to a duel. Let’s fight with the real sword.”
Reina rubbed her forehead as if she knew that.
“Lian, you keep… … .”
“No, I’m serious. If I lose to Rai, I’ll go back to school. How about this, is this enough to win?”
Rai laughed and said.
“I don’t care if you go to school or not. If you want to quit, do it yourself. Don’t bother.”
“haha! okay? Aren’t you running away because you’re scared?”
Rai’s face twisted subtly.
“Are you afraid of me? It’s really absurd.”
“Aha, are you busy then? You pretended to be so proud, but the excuses are hard. Didn’t I always brag that something like me could be done with a sword? Or what? By the swordsman you are talking about, do you mean a man with a mouth full of ranks?”
“ha.”
Rai wiped his face tiredly and nodded sympathetically.
“Yes, I will duel you. I’ll wait for you at the training ground. Get ready and come out.”
Turning coldly to the door, he turned to Lian as if he remembered something.
“And you, don’t provoke me in the future. That’s because I’m not good at it at all.”
“That’s really… … !”
When Lian tried to run away immediately, Sirone grabbed his arm and stopped him.
“Calm down, Ryan. Rather, you were provoked.”
“ah.”
Lian realized it belatedly and calmed down.
However, the anger did not disappear. I teased the tongue that didn’t work like that, but I hated Lai, who reversed it with a single word, to the point of death. Of course, Sirone only thought that Lian was too naive.
Tess, who had been listening to the story outside the door, came in with a look.
“Lian, are you really doing it? If I lose, I have to go back to swordsmanship school.”
“Hey, did you see me talking twice with one bite?”
“It’s not like that… … .”
Tess gently turned her gaze to look at Quan. Since he has already stated that he will not accept the resignation letter, even if Lian changes his mind, additional problems arise.
But Ryan didn’t care.
If I lose to Rai, I will definitely go back to school even if I have to kneel down and pray. If not accepted, she was determined to stand in front of the school gate.
“I will. because it’s a promise but i’m not going back He asked for a match with the determination to win.”
Ryan turned to Klumph.
“Grandpa, do you agree?”
Klump crossed his arms and was seriously pensive. And at last his eyes were opened.
“Let’s go to the training ground.”
* * *
The training ground was prepared behind Reina’s mansion. In addition to Rayna, Clump and Lai live there, but Lai is busy with dispatch life every day, and most of Clump stays in the general’s barracks, so management is not good.
In the center of a small empty lot with only assorted colors, Lai, who had come out dressed as a woman, was waiting for everyone with a sword on her waist. While Rian was getting ready, Rayna approached Rai with her worried look on her face.
“Hey, are you really going to do it? i hate this Brothers do not have to fight each other with real swords.”
“Let them do whatever they want. Or will that fool agree?”
“And what if there is an accident?”
“That’s when you go and think about it. Isn’t it a good thing for your sister anyway? Because that fool will go back to school.”
If the confrontation ended safely and Rian quietly surrendered, it would be a relief for Reina as well. However, because it was a confrontation between the two, which cannot be mixed like water and oil, the old woman’s heart did not disappear.
“Yeah, anyway. Be gentle in moderation, and finish quickly.”
“I am busy too. It will happen even if you don’t say anything.”
Reina shrugged. Although she has a self-centered personality, Rai, who is clearly discerning, has been a younger brother who does not need nagging since childhood, unlike Lian.
‘Well, there’s no one else to really worry about.’
Lian was staring at Rai from the corner of the training ground and taking a deep breath.
Tess came over and squeezed Lian’s shoulders and arms vigorously. It seemed that the muscle mass was a meaningful confrontation even for the bold Rian.
“now! Go for it! Relax!”
Tess did her best to cheer up Lian. Of course, he didn’t want Lian to drop out of school, but he hated seeing someone humiliate him even more.
Lian remained silent and focused on clearing his mind. It was a confrontation that he could never lose because his family, as well as Instructor Quan and Shirone were watching.
Reina came over and put her hand on Lian’s shoulder.
“For today’s match, I’m neutral. So do it in moderation. Don’t be tempted to come.”
“Hey, you better worry about Rina. I am no longer the me I used to be.”
Rayna didn’t say anything.
Rai wasn’t thinking about losing, and neither was Reina. She knew better than anyone the gap in her skills, for she had once wielded her sword.
‘I guess there’s no chance that Ryan will win. I’m not the kind of kid who would take care of Rai if he was a younger brother.’
When Clump and Quan entered the training ground, Lian heard the great sword he had received from his grandfather.
Sirone spoke behind Lian as he walked towards the battlefield.
“Rian, you must win.”
Ryan turned his head and smiled. There was no sign of nervousness to be found.
“No problem. Leave it to me.”
When Lian arrived at the center of the training ground, Rai took out the black sword from his waist. It was longer and thinner than a normal longsword, but it was a straight sword tailored to Ogent’s swordsmanship, and its hardness was considerable as it was made of black iron.
Lightly swinging the black sword with an X, Rai raised the blade to the sky and examined it.
“Let’s start quickly. Because I want to rest.”
“I’m not going to rest, I’m going to lie down. I don’t know if it’s a dispatch or what, but it’s better to cancel it.”
“Whatever it is, just do it quickly.”
Rai didn’t even want to respond to Lian’s words.
Ryan didn’t like that. He learned any skill in an instant, and there was no way that Lian, who was not born with any talent, would look like his family.
Lian’s ridicule from the confrontation he saw when he was young suddenly flashed through his mind.
“Anyway, I should say thank you for accepting the match. My bad relationship with you ends today.”
Lian raised the greatsword with one hand and aimed it. He felt a sense of intimidation just by looking at the precarious center of gravity that was beyond human limits.
Rai lowered the black sword diagonally. Even so, it was a pole-like sword that reached the floor.
The gap between the great sword and the black sword is very close. However, the speed should be as fast as the dark sword is lighter.
‘Anyway, I’m pushed behind in technology.’
Ryan designed the battle. It was a strategy as simple as his personality.
‘I press it with force!’
The moment I bit my molars, both eyes lit up. Powerful kicks kicked the ground and pushed his body away.
“Goes!”
Lian raised his greatsword and charged. I could imagine the power of the heavy sword falling from a whopping 3 meters high without being hit.
At the same time, flashes of black light extended from Rai’s body and penetrated every corner of Lian’s gap. Lian could not even swing half of his sword and switched to defense.
Rai’s fast and sharp attack struck the surface of the greatsword like a blacksmith’s hammer.
“Keugh!”
Lian’s body was startled by the unexpectedly heavy shock.
It felt different from Tess’ sword. It was a swordsmanship that was swift and accurate, but still had the unique power of the Ogent family.
Once he gave up the initiative, Lian was pushed back endlessly. The process of being pushed back was so one-sided that it seemed impossible to regain his initiative again.
Lai ran wild as if he were dancing a sword dance alone in an empty lot.
As Lian reached the end of the arena, exclamations leaked out from the mouths of those watching. It was a swordsmanship that made even Tess, who was cheering for Lian, stunned.
“Yaaaaa!”
Lian’s sword drew horizontally. The air roared with fire and wept.
Lian, who managed to make space, took a step forward. However, he couldn’t do anything against Lai’s lightning-like attack and he retreated again.
Rai didn’t stop attacking. It was like he was locked up and beaten.
The number of counterattacks by Lian decreased, and finally, even blocking them seemed daunting.
‘Tsk, there is no development, there is progress.’
Lai didn’t want to waste any more time on a bland game.
After hitting Lian’s sword intensively to get him out of his mind, he turned the black sword in reverse and drove it into the ground. Suddenly, as soon as the blade was stabbed, a vibration was transmitted through the soles of Lian’s feet.
“what… … !”
When Lian looked down with startled eyes, the ground swelled as if wind was rising in the ground, and exploded with a bang.
“Keugh!”
A shock wave that made the ground explode hit the soles of both feet, causing the calf muscles to convulse.
The name of the technology is Jipok.
The blade that Rai succeeded when he was only 12 years old was driven into the ground.
Ryan’s knees were shaking and he couldn’t keep his balance. He rather sat down and raised the greatsword with only the strength of his upper body.
As Rai’s black sword pierced with a bang, vibrations rushed through the greatsword.
Lian gritted her teeth and suppressed a scream.
It felt like my arm muscles were splitting into chunks. The shockwave that had flowed through her body radiated outward, causing her top to bounce with a popping sound. Her clothes were tattered as if she had been stabbed by dozens of knives.
Lian frowned heavily and glared at Rai. Rai’s expression, still holding the black sword, was indifferent.
Those who watched intuition that the confrontation was over. Since the shock wave had torn through his body, even if he looked fine on the outside, he probably wouldn’t have enough muscles to move properly.
The second son of the Ogent family, Ogent Rye.
His skill was real.
—————————————

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-352.txt
=============YYYYY=============
[352] Prosecutor’s Faith (4)
‘Is that the skill of a swordsman who just turned 20?’
Quan was impressed with Lai’s swordsmanship.
It is not only precise, but also exquisite. If there are two lineages descending into the Ogent family, this time, without question, was the era of black hair.
“Whoa! Whoa!”
Rian sucked in the air and supported the greatsword with his trembling arms. It was the first time he felt the weight of the greatsword he had wielded for a year except for eating.
‘lift up lift it up.’
Rai’s eyes twitched. The greatsword that was pressing down with the black sword was slowly rising.
‘Do you still have strength?’
Since the shockwaves from the examination building went in properly, there was no way the body could be strained.
I tried to press down with a little more weight, but a force so great that I didn’t even think of blocking him was pushing him away.
Receiving an ominous feeling, Rai removed his sword and widened the distance.
At the same time, Lian swung her sword and stood up. He grabbed his ragged shirt and ripped it open, revealing tight muscles.
Rai recognized Lian’s characteristics at a glance.
‘The resilience is amazing.’
To sublimate the divine transcendence beyond the limits of the body to the level of technology, ordinary self-tortures were inconceivable. I could guess how much painstaking training Lian had in order to increase the feedback.
“I will admit that I did my best. However, I am the one who leads the family.”
Rai returned to Lian’s side through external gravity. Then he aimed at his defenseless right arm and swung his black sword.
Under normal circumstances, a defensive stance should come out.
But rather, Lian opened the ribs and raised the greatsword vertically.
‘what?’
For a fleeting moment, Rai’s thoughts moved quickly.
Give the flesh and take the bone? Or is offense the best defense?
In any case, it didn’t make sense. The movement of the great sword is bound to be slower than that of the sharp sword.
At that moment, Lian’s greatsword caused an afterimage and fell between Rai’s eyebrows. It was a strange acceleration of the sword that could not be understood by common sense.
Rai bounced and caused muscle vibration. Following his external gravity, his body glided out of his radius in a semicircle.
But before I knew it, Lian’s greatsword rang through the air and caught up with me.
‘shit! What is it?’
Lai, who evaded with a hair’s breadth, was mogul. At last, his neck was about to fall off.
Then, Reina, who was watching the battle, stomped her feet restlessly.
As the emotions of the two collided, the strength of the herb was increasing. If we go on like this, one of the brothers may hold a funeral.
“I can’t! We have to end the confrontation.”
“I can’t. Neither Lian nor Lai would want that.”
Raina looked back at Tess with a sad feeling.
“Tess, no matter how much you want to protect Lian, this isn’t it. Those two are fighting with the intention of killing them. You should have stopped Lian from the beginning.”
“I’m not fighting because I hate Lai oppa.”
Tess still remembers it vividly. On the day she went to Rian’s lodging with a late-night snack at the swordsmanship school, she heard a terrible moan that leaked through the door.
“Rian trained beyond her limits every day. And at night, Lian gets sick and dies. He stayed up all night with a rag in his mouth to endure the pain of breaking his body.”
Reina couldn’t say anything at Tess’ face, which looked like she was about to burst into tears.
Although they are related by blood, she did not know what Lian’s pain was. The only people who could understand Lian were those who chose the path of the sword just like Lian.
Lai’s kick hit Lian in the stomach. Up in the air, Lian rolls on the floor and balances him on his knees. He was on the verge of being hit by a vital point.
The cold aura had disappeared from Rai’s face.
As time passed, I could feel Lian’s defenses getting stronger. Because he is caught up in his emotions. It was distasteful.
“you idiot! Why don’t you know you can’t compete! I mean, even come in moderation!”
Ryan stood up slowly. And he aimed his lie in the same position he had before he collapsed.
“Come on.”
“This kid is really… … !”
A life welled up in Rai’s eyes. The ominous aura that radiated out of the body was transmitted to the people standing outside the training ground.
Rai’s movements with all his might seemed like seeing a ghost. As the scars on Lian’s body increased due to his fast and accurate swordsmanship, his movements gradually began to slow down.
The difference in skill is palpable. There is a talent gap that cannot be filled no matter how hard you try. However, the more the gap became clearer, the more angry it was Lai.
The family who put their expectations on such a pathetic bastard was stupid. Ryan has no future. Swordsmanship not supported by technology is nothing more than a show of strength.
“You stupid child!”
When he deflected the greatsword with exquisite skill and applied a round kick, Lian’s neck turned like a top.
For a moment, I thought I had broken my neck, but my body rotated along my head and floated up, then I crashed with a thud.
Rai took a deep breath and glared at Lian. Even the appearance she spread was pathetic. With the blow to her chin, she probably won’t be conscious until tomorrow.
“haha.”
At that moment, Lian’s lungs trembled. Lian, who slowly raised her head, said with her mouth torn.
“It’s a ticklish attack. Can you kill me with something like this?”
Rai was taken aback by Lian’s tenacity, who would rise like a zombie no matter how beaten he was. But then she looked at her sister with a pitiful look, and she said coldly.
“Kill? Are you worth killing?”
Ryan’s eyes widened.
“You have to kill your grandfather’s cute youngest grandson to use it. There’s no need to kill someone like you. I just need to beat him until he loses his mind. Got it? You’re just the youngest member of a swordsman family with no skills or talent. It’s a low-key backbone, you bastard!”
“okay!”
Lian screamed, crouching down.
“I am a low-key retard!”
Lian charged forward, brandishing his sword. It was an attack that made me want to approach it just by hearing the sound of the wind, unless it was a strong heart.
Rai hurriedly raised the black sword. bang! As the greatsword came down, the shock was transmitted to his knee.
Lian pressed his face into the sword.
Seeing that his mouth was torn all the way down to his ear, Rai thought that maybe his brother was not in his right mind.
Can we continue like this? Maybe I should call the doctor right now?
“Feel free to mock. It’s something I’ve been hearing all my life anyway. Call him a pathetic guy, call him a lesser guy. Despise, ignore, curse. Still I… … !”
Lian drew his greatsword and took a full-swing stance.
“Never stop!”
Rai’s head turned pale at the hallucination that Lian’s greatsword had grown dozens of times in size. As the brain that imagined the overwhelming sword received a shock, the expected sword blades were jumbled up.
“Yaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!”
At the same time as Lian’s spirited voice, Rai’s eyes fell down.
‘Ankle!’
Lai, who belatedly read the sword’s trajectory, jumped up.
As the greatsword dug through the ground and came out on the other side, the soil as wide as the radius of the sword stood up like a floor.
A black line ran through the middle of the floor. It split in half with a popping sound, and then Rai broke through the soil and jumped out.
But what he was waiting for was another attack by Lian, who raised his greatsword.
Lai was stunned by the linked attack that ignored the existing mobility. As he stretched out his upper body like a bow, he felt a strong wind brush the tip of his chin. The hairs all over his body stood up.
“I can’t hear anything! Even if everyone ridicules me, I can only move on!”
Lian pushed Lai as if to vent his resentment.
When the confrontation began and Rai was pushed back for the first time, the family and even Kuan showed embarrassment.
‘Lian… … .’
Rayna’s eyes turned sad.
He is a child who grew up being compared to his older brother, who was two years younger from birth. She honestly didn’t feel like she could beat her rai even if she held her sword. Perhaps she herself used her music as an excuse to pass on the burden of her blue hair to Lian.
“There are many problem children in the blue-haired lineage.”
Reina licked her lips and turned to Klump.
“Black hair always does its part. Reasonable and cool. On the other hand, the character of blue hair is often erratic. He’s also stubborn about single-mindedness. That’s why it’s said that if you have blue hair, you’re lucky.”
“What are you talking about all of a sudden, even though your grandfather has blue hair?”
“Heuk, the existence of the troublemaker Cheongbal must be one of the reasons why Ogent is limited to the second class. However, looking back on the history of the family, it was Blue Hair that eventually became known as Ogent as a sword family.”
Clump looked at Lian, who was swinging his heavy sword like a storm.
“There is no detour. don’t look back Even if it is bumped into and broken, the will to break through it, that is the conviction of the blue hair. I don’t know how far Ryan can go. But when you finally look back from where you arrived, the road will be straight and undisturbed.”
“Goaaaaaa!”
When Lian attacked with an aggressive posture, Rai didn’t even dare to cross swords.
I didn’t feel like dealing with people. I couldn’t get rid of the feeling that something absolute was lurking behind Lian’s back.
‘Divine transcendence? The power of the spirit?’
A spark lit up in Rai’s eyes.
“Don’t be ridiculous!”
Rai, who bounced off his body, countered Lian’s sword head-on. The greatsword and black sword swirled in the center of the line of sight and line of sight.
Rai came to his senses only after the devastating shock was transmitted through the handle. He was too agitated without realizing it.
However, the senses had already left their grasp.
‘what’s this? It’s okay to be ignorant.’
As soon as I took the external gravity out of my back and backed up quickly, Lian jumped in like a wolf and bit Lai. As if the ball had reverse rotation, the motion of falling in front of Lai was not a normal inertia.
As the greatsword approached right in front of him, Rai twisted his ankle completely and spun. At the same time, the sole of his opposite foot slammed down on Lian’s Achilles tendon.
“Keugh!”
Rai rose up at the same time as he rotated like a dragon, and lowered his black sword at the back of Lian, who was bent on one knee. Actions performed in trance. It was no longer a matter of life and death.
“Lian!”
At the same time as Tess’ cry, Lian twisted her upper body.
In an abnormal posture, when he swung the greatsword with one hand, the black sword bounced and Rai’s arms crossed behind his back.
“wow… … .”
An exclamation of exclamation escaped Rai’s mouth without realizing it.
It was a posture that completely collapsed the center. Even so, the physical strength of being able to deflect a vertical slash with all of his weight with one hand.
‘No, it’s not on that level.’
The law of action and reaction did not apply to Lian’s sword. Absolute power that defied the laws of physics was melted into each and every one of Lian’s swords.
“Whoa.”
Sirone let out the breath he had been holding back. Watching Lian push Lai one-sidedly, his heart, not the prosecutor, burned hotly.
“Tess.”
Tess’ face turned white with tension as she turned to Sirone.
“Rian, you’ve become really strong.”
At Sirone’s recognition, Tess eventually burst into tears. It is because he knows for whom the penance that Lian has been doing so far has been for.
Her throat was locked, and she couldn’t reply, only shaking her head.
“Yaaaaa!”
Lian swung his sword even in pain as if his whole body was breaking. Now, even Rai did not back down and was repelling all of Lian’s attacks.
If it transcends the limits of the body, it won’t last long anyway. You only need to stop this once. No, if you block it one more time… … .
Rai was annoyed.
‘shit! When will it end?’
At that moment, a thought flashed through my mind.
‘ah… … .’
Rai finally realized what kind of swamp he had fallen into.
‘This guy was an idiot.’
At the same time, Lian’s greatsword raised the black sword.
The pain of twisting my knuckles rushed in as I heard a ding. As her muscles tightened, her hands opened, and the black sword spun up into the sky.
—————————————

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-353.txt
=============YYYYY=============
[353] Prosecutor’s Faith (5)
Everyone’s eyes turned to the void. The black sword rotated while blocking the sun, and it slammed into the back of Rai more than halfway.
Rai didn’t look back. His gaze was directed straight at Ryan.
Lian, frozen in the position of aiming the greatsword, could not even move a single finger. Horrible pain was pouring in from the aftermath of the divine transcendence.
In the lengthy silence, Rai tutted, clicked his tongue, and turned around.
“lost. Let’s stop.”
Ryan’s eyes widened in shock. It was Rai’s declaration of defeat for the first time in 18 years.
However, Rai did not show any emotion and drew the black sword and put it in the scabbard. Then he walked over to Klump and bowed his head.
“I lost. I concede defeat.”
“Cheuk, you dried up on the face. Still, it was nice that it was hot unlike you.”
Rai licked his lips and murmured.
“This is why you shouldn’t hang out with fools.”
“Are you okay though? Aren’t you cool inside?”
After thinking for a moment, Rai passed by Klump and muttered quietly.
“… … You seem to have become a bit like a prosecutor.”
Rayna quickly followed Rai.
“Wait, you come this way. Are your hands okay? You say you have to be dispatched tomorrow?”
“not a big deal. I just lost my sword because I got a mouse.”
“This is to fool someone. Do prosecutors get rattled so easily? Give me your hand.”
Holding Rai’s wrist, Reina looked at her hand. Just by looking at his calluses, now no different from his skin, he could tell that he had not come to this position just with his talent.
“also. I knew it.”
Looking at the back of her hand, Reina’s eyebrows twisted.
The left hand serves as a shock absorber when gripping the sword. However, the nails of the index, middle, and ring fingers were all missing.
“Don’t make a fuss. Nails usually fall off easily.”
“It’s the first time I’ve heard of such a thing! Ugh, I can’t even cut a steak with this. Come on. At least put pressure on it.”
Reina took out a bandage from the first-aid kit in the gymnasium. Then, he tightly wrapped Lai’s index, middle, and ring fingers and pressed them firmly.
As the tension eased, even those who were watching felt tired. However, Kuan was still looking at Lian with serious eyes.
‘Divine Transcendence… … .’
Lian’s swordsmanship in the actual battle was definitely amazing. Also, it was a performance that could never be shown at a swordsmanship school that evaluates each stage.
‘But if it were me, I would have bypassed it.’
Divine transcendence is dangerous. It wasn’t just about increasing power.
The movement that bit the rye at the end had a bizarre corner that was difficult to create even with external gravity. Even so, Lai responded to Lian’s steel sword with a steel sword.
Is it self-esteem? Or because you have no experience? If not, what other variable did he not read that remained on the battlefield?
“A swordsman is a swordsman.”
“General.”
Before I knew it, Clump was standing behind me.
“But the sword is, after all, a tool for murder. It’s a truth that cannot be ignored. Why are we still pursuing the sword?”
Kuan couldn’t answer.
“You can never change the world with one sword. But the sword I have in my heart is different. An excellent swordsman wins a war, but a knight with conviction changes the world. Rai was burned by Lian’s conviction.”
“The sword in my heart… … .”
“Perhaps divine transcendence is the materialization of belief.”
Quan recalled an incident from long ago.
A picture of himself before his Achilles tendon fell off. His spirit, which had been strong enough to reject even Fengzhang’s offer and choose to die, was now vague like a delusion.
“I have been there, too.”
Clump looked at Quan with benevolent eyes. He was a regrettable junior as a soldier and as a prosecutor.
“How long are you going to wander? come back to the army This time, my direct adjutant is discharged. I think it will be of great help if you take care of it?”
“Let me think about it. Thank you for caring me.”
Quan was sincere, but had no intention of returning to the army.
I realized it clearly with today’s match. It’s already a broken sword. Without having a new sword, he could never reach divine transcendence.
“Grandpa, can I drop out now?”
Lian strode closer. Her face was wet with cold sweat from enduring her pain. Since he proved it with results, not words, Klump had no excuse to stop him.
“Yes, you won. Whether it’s dropping out or working as a knight, do whatever you want.”
“So you said that from the start? Fighting needlessly.”
Rai, whose finger was bandaged, said as he changed his clothes.
“Don’t become a corpse anywhere. Because if you die, I’ll have to go find you.”
Contrary to everyone’s expectations, Lian didn’t get angry. Since we competed with each other to the best of our ability, I had no intention of looking back at the match in a bad way.
But one question still remained.
“Hey, let me ask you one thing.”
Rai buttoned it up and looked back.
“The technique that exploded the ground, is that an application of swordsmanship?”
“So what?”
“Why didn’t you use the sword blade on me? If it were you, you could have broken the sword and ended the confrontation.”
Rai shook his head with an incomprehensible face. She has a degree of salting, is she making fun of herself now?
However, I couldn’t feel the emotion of provocation from Lian’s expression.
‘Could this bastard be serious?’
Rai looked back at Klump.
“What happened? Didn’t you tell Lian?”
“Hey, what are you going to do? I took it away like a stray cat. I haven’t even decided on a successor. He said he opened the schema, and that was pure bullshit.”
Rai snorted at the natural lie.
“You didn’t mean to give it to me anyway, did you?”
“Ah, even though I don’t really need it.”
“Sheesh!”
Lian interrupted when a story that only he did not know was being exchanged.
“What are you talking about? answer me quickly Why didn’t you try the swordsman?”
As if it was annoying, Rai turned around and headed for the exit of the gymnasium.
“Don’t ask me, ask your grandfather. What a mess. The swordsman didn’t even know what he was fighting with.”
Raina followed Rai.
“Are you really going to leave today?”
“No, I am going to sleep. I’m tired. Serve the meal to my room.”
At Rai’s negligence, Lian raised his ax eye and pointed.
“hey! Where? Why didn’t you use the sword? Don’t embarrass people and tell me quickly!”
‘There must be no medicine for the stupid.’
Ignoring the cry of Lian chasing him from behind, Rai was lost in thought.
In the Ogent family, black hair and blue hair descended at the same time.
Why didn’t Grandpa give him a greatsword?
When I was young, I thought I was defending Lian because I had the same blue hair. However, through today’s confrontation, it seemed that he could now vaguely understand.
At least the owner of the sword was Lian.
* * *
Sirone and Tess decided to stay the night at Raina’s mansion.
The three of them gathered in Lian’s room and resolved their six-year-long friendship. The biggest issue was Amy’s failing graduation exam.
“By the way, how is Amy? She must have been heartbroken.”
They were the ones who heard the news of Amy’s rejection at the Spirit Journal. He was dealing with a shocking article about the genius of the Karmis family who was eliminated at the beginning of the graduation exam.
“huh. I was depressed for a while, but I’m fine now. There will definitely be different results in the exam next year.”
“but. If it’s Amy, she’ll overcome enough. miss you. It was really fun then.”
Rian also recalled what happened in heaven. Realizing divine transcendence while fighting Ymir was an important turning point in his life.
“Amy is well qualified to be a wizard. Please tell me I’m rooting for you. I will personally visit you for the next graduation exam and give you a lot of energy.”
A year later, Sirone would also take the graduation exam, so Lian couldn’t be left out of such a position.
“Envy you. i can’t go Swordsmanship school ends later than magic school. Would I rather quit? I will practice with Lian.”
Ryan waved his hand and said.
“What is the point of dropping out of a cadet competing for primacy at a swordsmanship academy? You should graduate with dignity.”
“But to think that you are gone is so empty. I really want to follow you.”
When Tess looked like she was going to cry at any moment, Lian hurriedly looked for something to change the subject. Then she found the sword Sirone had parked beside her desk and asked.
“By the way, Sirone, are you wearing a sword?”
“Oh, I got that as a gift.”
Sirone talked about what happened in Kazura. It was easy to understand the object because Ryan and Tess also experienced going to heaven.
Intrigued by them, Sirone started the demonstration herself.
First of all, he performed a feat with rated control, and then activated Geumgang Armament. As the sword engulfed Sirone, an organic robe encircled him in an instant.
Even the bold Lian couldn’t keep his mouth shut at the eerie yet powerful figure. Tess asked, pointing at the float in the air.
“By the way, what is this marble?”
“It’s a magic power calculator. Because it replaces the technique of time-division, calculations become much faster. And here, the crystal ball of the gauntlet is a magic amplifying device. By using these two things, you can expand the range of magic operations.”
“I see. It’s very interesting. There are objects with such complex functions.”
Armand was a weapon that could tempt any swordsman. But his friends showed no interest beyond interest. For those who embraced the Sword of Faith, no object would be more than a tool.
‘It would be nice if Lian could handle Armand.’
Knight training is on a different level from swordsmanship classes.
The world doesn’t give Rihanna a systematic level of difficulty. He could take down any number of third-rate gangsters or robbers, but those who stood out among the criminals were so talented that they had a hard time even in the kingdom.
In that respect, Armand, which augments the user’s body functions and has self-defense, would surely be helpful.
However, unlike Dante’s case, the demonic sword did not respond to Lian.
Although Armand provides an optimal combat environment for all users, a high level of tactical understanding and complex system control are essential to achieve 100% efficiency.
It was difficult to handle Armand’s functions perfectly with Lian’s straight and chaotic tendency, and Armand seemed to be aware of that fact.
‘No matter how much it is a sword, it really looks like a knife.’
But Lian never dreamed of relying on anything. His confidence skyrocketed after his fight with Lai.
“No need to worry! Because I’m just starting out! Starting today, we will achieve an undefeated record!”
Seeing Rian proudly beating her chest, Sirone smiled heartily.
he was fire One day, it will come back to you as a huge fire that will burn the world.
That night.
Ryan was moaning as he curled up under the covers.
The aftermath of the divine transcendence did not end with the first round. Rather, the time when the most excruciating pain came was at night when the body was recovering its function.
“Huh! Whoops!”
A moan leaked from his throat, but he kept it up by biting on his pillow.
I couldn’t let Shirone, who was sleeping next to me, notice the pain. More than anything else, the anxiety that he would never be able to bear it again if he let go of his evil here weighed down on him.
His face was covered with cold sweat and he was out of focus. Still, Lian stared terribly into the darkness of the night and endured her pain.
‘thank god. I’m really glad we won.’
If he had lost to Rai in front of Sirone, he would have fallen into abyss and not been able to do anything for a while.
Clearly, Rai was strong. In terms of technical perfection alone, it could be called a genius.
But it was by no means an impassable wall.
‘Narrowed down. It’s definitely narrowed down.’
You can never expect the same results to come out if you face it again, but there were definitely parts that surpassed him in some areas. As much as he could do for himself.
‘you can do it. I didn’t choose the wrong path.’
Just the fact that it was not an unreachable distance made Lian feel happy. Even as her body trembled in pain, laughter leaked from her throat.
“Hehehe, hehehehe.”
A night of pain and pleasure was passing by.
—————————————

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-354.txt
=============YYYYY=============
[354] Prosecutor’s Faith (6)
After staying at the mansion for a day, Sirone headed to the restaurant with Lian and Tess. Clump was sitting at the table of honor and reading the newspaper, while Raina was busy preparing the dishes.
Sirone rubbed her sleepy eyes and nodded.
“Good morning.”
“OK. Let’s have breakfast.”
Rian, who sat in a chair while stroking her hungry stomach, asked Reina.
“What about Rai?”
“I left early in the morning. Did you know that he is an idle unemployed like you?”
As always, it started with a joke, but this time the words had bones. As an older sister, the fact that her youngest brother was leaving to train as a knight couldn’t help but worry about her.
“Sheesh, it’s only been a day since I dropped out! And I’ll just have breakfast and leave right away.”
Reina said as she put the chicken stew on her plate.
“Take a few days off. Sirone came too.”
Sirone said while carrying the plate.
“no. I have to go back soon.”
I had a promise with Kang Nan, so I couldn’t talk about the details. Above all, he himself was wondering why the president of the association was looking for him.
Since it was the day Lian left, there was a very pious atmosphere. However, the person in charge, Lian, gobbled up three plates of chicken stew and packed up as if in a hurry.
The only thing I could do with my luggage was simple clothes and a backpack containing a day’s worth of food. Wearing a leather scabbard and sticking a greatsword behind his back, he approached Klump in the living room.
“grandfather.”
“Okay, are you ready?”
There is only one thing left to say that the preparations are over.
The fact that he had won against Rai would give him great courage in his future journey. However, there was one thing that had to be pointed out clearly.
“What did Rai say yesterday?”
Klumph took his mouth off the cup he was drinking from and looked up at Lian.
“Why didn’t you try the swordsman? Grandpa knows.”
“Ah, that.”
Klump licked his lips and lowered the teacup.
I had been putting it off, fearing that it would sound empty, but since I was leaving for knight training, it wouldn’t matter if I told her.
“The sword you are wearing is not an ordinary object. Have you ever heard of an object?”
“Oh, an object?”
Lian widened her eyes and drew out her greatsword. My heart skipped a beat as the features of Rated Control and Diamond Armament that Sirone had demonstrated last night passed quickly through my head.
Sirone and Tess also heard the story and came out to the living room and paid attention to the bayonet. It was a sword that could not find any special features other than emphasizing its chaotic shape.
Lian raised his greatsword vertically and looked up.
“You mean this was an object? So you didn’t destroy it? What abilities do you have?”
Klump crossed his arms and crossed his legs.
“The official name of that sword is <idea>. His name is as great as his ability. To put it bluntly, <Idea> is… in any situation… … .”
“Even under circumstances?”
Clump raised his eyes fiercely and said clearly.
“Indestructible.”
Silence fell in the living room.
“That and?”
“huh? what is drawing is it not destroyed? Whether it falls into lava, cuts it with a saw, or hits it with a hammer, it won’t break as much as a fingernail. Isn’t it amazing?”
In a sense, it could be said to be the prosecutor’s romance. However, compared to Armand, which has dozens of functions, it was true that it was so simple that it collapsed.
“Uh, that… … awesome It’s incredibly amazing, but it’s still an object. If the sword is destroyed, can’t we just buy a new one?”
“Stupid. Do you know how important weapon durability is in real combat? Just yesterday’s confrontation, if it wasn’t for <Idea>, the battle would have been much more difficult.”
Even Ryan admitted that. No, looking back, I had already been saved by <Idea>. It was the moment when he blocked Ymir’s straight punches.
Even the steel-made Cigna and Xd were crumpled like paper, but they couldn’t destroy Lian’s greatsword. If not for <Idea>, Ymir’s fist would have pierced her sword and shattered Nagarian’s body.
“Anyway, it’s that kind of sword. It’s not like Rai didn’t try swordsmanship. that didn’t work Rai really wanted it when he was little.”
Ryan pursed his lips. He can boast that he has become a fairly confident swordsman now, but even when he was young, Rai was the source of his family’s expectations.
“Sheesh, then I’ll give it to Rai. Why did you keep it until now?”
“He hates clunkiness. It won’t fit.”
I asked with some expectation, but the answer that came back was different from what I expected.
When Lian’s expression turned even more hateful, Klump tore his mouth and laughed.
“Hey, what did you expect? Did you think I prepared it especially for you?”
“Who said what? Mind reading that doesn’t even work.”
Clump pretended not to, but Sirone could have predicted it.
Rai probably really wanted <idea>. Aside from her function, it was a great honor to inherit the sword of the previous patriarch. However, the sword was passed on to Lian.
Even so, taking it as a joke must be the heart of a grandfather who does not want to burden his grandson.
“In the meantime, shall we tell you an anecdote related to <Idea>?”
“huh? Do you have an anecdote?”
Ryan showed interest with his eyes shining. Although he grumbled, it seemed that he did not dislike <Idea>’s unique ability.
“then. When I was young, I went to practice swordsmanship just like you. At that time, I single-handedly subdued a group of bandits. It was quite strong. I was annihilated, but I also received a fatal wound before death. I came down the mountain with my injured body. However, a strange village appeared that was not even on the map. It wasn’t much different from other villages, but strangely, people were quiet and sullen.”
Sirone and the others held their breath and immersed themselves in Clump’s story. It was a story about a fateful encounter between a person who later became a general of Tormia and an object.
“There, I met an old man and his granddaughter, and I was able to save my life by dying. When I came to my senses, the sword wound was completely healed. He does not know how he was treated. However, what remained in my hazy consciousness were words like a spell that I repeated countless times. Smille, Smile, and so on.”
Lian, who was muttering in his mouth, asked again.
“Smille? What does that mean?”
“I don’t know. It could have been some kind of spell, or some kind of magic. Anyway, the old man seems to have been chanting those words all night long. So he came to his senses and looked around the town. There was an antique shop. It was a store full of strange things. The most impressive thing was that they were selling glass bottles of smoke. I asked what it was for, but the owner wouldn’t tell me.”
From now on, as if to get to the point, Clump sipped tea and moistened his mouth.
“Then I saw a greatsword hanging over the counter. That is the <idea> that you are wearing. I recognized at a glance that it was no ordinary sword. Then, as if possessed by something, it approached the owner.”
Ryan swallowed his saliva with a hard expression on his face.
“That, so?”
Klump blinked and said indifferently.
“huh? So what? Of course I paid for it and bought it.”
As the tension turned to a sense of collapse, the last word came out of Lian’s mouth.
“Are you kidding me?”
Klump furrowed his right eyebrow as if he didn’t like it.
“What is it, man? You said you wanted to hear an anecdote?”
Ryan scratched his head.
I was beaten by my grandfather again. Would it be all that fun to make fun of an 18-year-old grandson?
“You were just nervous. I thought I had gone through something strange that transcended life and death again.”
“Puhahahaha! Am I crazy, risking my life for something like a sword? Rihanna, take note. The true sword is to be grasped with the heart, not the hand. Anyway, I made a big decision and bought it. Treat it with respect.”
“Sheesh. sounds like an idiot. By the way, if it was a big decision, how much did you give it? Anyway, it’s an object, so I’m guessing it’s roughly 2 million gold?”
“that? 80 million gold.”
Clink! Lian threw his greatsword to the ground.
“shit! Crazy! Just buy a sword that doesn’t break for 80 million? I’ll buy hundreds of famous swords with that money!”
“It’s an object, man! And they say I live with my money, but what are you, meddling? If you’re going to treat me like that, give it back! Give me 80 million to take it!”
“no, I do not want! If you said you’d give it to me, it’s over. Now come and pay for it!”
Lian hurriedly picked up the greatsword and held it in his arms.
“Where is the swordsman who throws his sword on the floor? That sword is too much for you! Hang it in my room right now!”
“why? Do you think it might break? At some point, I heard that you hold it with a true black heart!”
Sirone and Tess watched the argument with bewildered expressions.
“… … They are two very similar people.”
“I know.”
After arguing for a while, they stopped talking as if they were tired.
In the end, Ryan was the winner. Putting his greatsword back into the scabbard, he tightened his leather strap tighter than usual, as if telling Clump to look.
After a while, Clump thought of something and smiled.
This is the moment I’ve been waiting for for 18 years. Seeing it with his own eyes made the old man’s heart tighten.
‘The more I look, the more I resemble me.’
Although he had almost no talent for swordsmanship, he had decided that the owner of <Idea> would be Lian from the beginning.
I didn’t pay 80 million gold because the function was good. A sword that never breaks. Wouldn’t that be the belief most suitable for the Ogent family?
And at this moment, all of his philosophy was conveyed to Lian through <Idea>.
‘But it’s really strange. I went back after paying 80 million gold, but the village had disappeared without a trace.’
Of course, if the amount of 80 million gold had come into the mountain village, the whole village could have moved to find a good place to live.
However, there was also a subtle feeling that I couldn’t tell Lian.
Perhaps he was fatally wounded and had just collapsed in the mountains, and that the month-long period of traveling back and forth between the village and the house was actually walking in a dream in a trance.
In any case, it was one of the most incomprehensible events in Klumph’s life. Also, with the realization of that day, he went on a winning streak and eventually rose to the position of a general, a certified third-class prosecutor.
“Grandpa, then I’ll come back.”
Lian changed his expression before he knew it and said goodbye with burning eyes.
“okay. The most important thing is to protect you. Keep in mind that victory isn’t always what you get in a real fight.”
It was said that it is better to avoid fights that can be avoided.
Taking his grandfather’s advice to heart, Lian bowed with sincerity.
‘Thank you, Grandpa. Thank you for trusting my ugly grandson to the end.’
Rian left the mansion while being seen off by family and friends. A carriage was waiting at the front door.
Lian, who looked at the carriage for a while and thought about her destination, made up her mind and turned to Sirone.
“Sirone, work hard. Even though I dropped out, I just think I graduated first.”
“okay. Take care of yourself too. Keep in touch often.”
Ryan looked back at Tess, who was in tears. She had endured so far, but when it was time to leave for real, she couldn’t contain her drumming emotions.
Ryan gave a friendly smile. She is a woman with a lot of affection unlike a prosecutor, but she liked Tess like that. One day, the day will come when you will stand face to face with her.
“Tess, I’ll be back.”
“Bad child. Not even discussing a word… … .”
“sorry. I was short-tempered.”
Tess understood Ryan’s choice. He was the one who should be understood more than anyone else. However, on the other hand, he was also angry with himself for not being able to savagely reject such an indifferent man.
“Finally, bear with me. If you treat me this coldly the next time you come back, then… … .”
Ryan hugged Tess with her broad chest.
“I will come back stronger.”
Tess pursed her lips and held back the tears that were about to spill.
‘You don’t have to be strong. If only I could come back alive… … .’
Then he said while gently stroking Ryan’s back.
“okay. Be sure to come back stronger.”
After greeting everyone like that, Lian climbed into the carriage. He never looked back, as was his nature to run looking forward.
After the carriage started, the four men felt like the men’s space was empty. That was Lian’s presence.
Sirone prayed while looking at the carriage moving away.
‘Come back as a great swordsman, Lian. I’ll work hard too.’
May Lian’s future be prosperous.
—————————————

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-355.txt
=============YYYYY=============
[355] Magic Association (1)
Leaving Reina’s mansion, Sirone caught a carriage to the Magic Association.
Due to Lian dropping out and leaving the knight training, the schedule came earlier than expected. He could have stayed at Leina’s mansion for a day or so, but he chose to go to the Association.
The embers that Lian left behind lit a fire in everyone’s hearts. Tess went home, saying that she was going to start training right away, and Sirone also wanted to soak up the energy of the Magic Association, her favorite child of magic.
Arriving at the association building, Sirone finds Fleur at the information desk. The receptionist spoke on the extension line, and the flu came down five minutes later.
When she saw Sirone, she immediately frowned. She was out of Gangnan Island just in time, so no one noticed her.
“Why are you back already? He pretended to be very busy and did it all by himself.”
“The work was over early. May I stay here?”
Fleur’s gaze toward Sirone was unstoppable. You don’t even look embarrassed and ask me to put you to bed.
This place was a magic association with a grandiose name, but it was not a place to stay for children who had no place to go.
However, since I was instructed by Kang Nan, I couldn’t bluntly refuse. First of all, because there were many eyes, Fleur took Sirone to the 3rd floor, the exclusive area.
“The chief secretary specifically requested and took care of it, but you have to follow my words from now on. If you disobey my instructions or wander around recklessly, then I will release you. okay?”
“Ah yes.”
From the start, Fleur’s harsh attitude puzzled Sirone. She hadn’t done anything wrong to her, but it wasn’t her kind eyes from the first time we met.
“Okay, you can stay here.”
Flew gave him a lodging house where he used to work overtime. In the small square room, there were bunk beds against the walls on both sides.
Sirone noticed and unpacked his luggage. However, without even having time to undress, Fleur called out.
“Follow me. I’ll give you a tour.”
Flew held the magic wand behind his back and walked down the hallway with a straight-knee gait. His chin was up in the air about 15 degrees.
“First, let me introduce myself. I’m Rabid Flu. twenty-two years old He graduated from the Royal Magic School at the top of his class and is currently a certified 8th class wizard. Of course, in two years it will be 6th grade. My current position is the 3rd floor manager of the Security Department of the Magic Association.”
“Oh, I see. I am… … .”
The moment Sirone was about to introduce herself, she stopped and turned coldly.
“I know. Ariane Sirone. Attending Alpheas Magic School. He can use ataraxia, the archangel’s ability, and his specialty is light magic. Unlocker’s unique battery grants mass.”
Sirone was dumbfounded. The person who didn’t even know his face on the first day knew about himself in one day. The most questionable thing was that the attitude towards himself was too harsh.
“Is there a student named Dante at your school? You transferred schools a while ago.”
“yes. Do you know Dante?”
“Why should I know Dante?”
“Ah, I just went to the Royal Magic School, Dante too… … .”
Seeing Fleur’s fierce gaze, Sirone naturally felt intimidated. She didn’t know what to say to make her happy.
“When I was in my senior year, Dante was a distant junior. I know you beat Dante. But if you’re only going to put that much weight on your shoulders, you’d better quit. If I were only three years younger, the first place in the kingdom would have been mine, not you.”
‘I’ve never had to strain my shoulders… … .’
Sirone held back the words that rose to his throat. Whatever he said, it seemed that he would never get a good answer.
Fleur patrolled the 3rd floor, guiding the department in his spare time. Even her gray-stained guards bowed her heads as if they saw her. Whenever that happened, she only briefly nodded her head in a stately posture.
Flew was trying to show the side of a successful wizard. In the end, what he said was a field trip, but in reality it was a process of training Sirone by revealing his position.
Just then, a sweaty, unkempt man walked from the end of the hallway wearing papers. Tension was momentarily revealed on Fleur’s confident face.
“Hello, Sakiri-sama. good morning.”
Sirone looked closely at the face of the man called Sakiri.
‘That person must be Sakiri.’
When Alpheas and Canis were summoned to the Association after the Arcane Incident was over, the name of the investigator in charge of them was Sakiri.
He looked like a tired old man, but his eyes were sharper than those of anyone Sirone had ever met.
“okay. But who is next to you? It’s the first face I’ve ever seen.”
“Oh, I am on a field trip. As part of a special activity.”
Flew covered it up with lies.
Since the Magic Association is a key institution of the Kingdom Wizard Society, numerous students apply for field trips. Maybe that’s why Sakiri just nodded and walked away.
Fleur took a small breath and looked at Sirone. The atmosphere, which had been stiffly held up until now, was reversed, and an awkward air flow flowed.
“Just now, that person is Sakiri-san, a certified 5th-class wizard. He’s a very famous person in the Inspection Department. He can’t even take a bone out of any criminal he gets caught.”
“Ah yes. I have heard of it.”
“okay? Hmm.”
Flew smiled satisfied for the first time. It was revealed that he was working with someone he knew even a mere magic school student, so the hurt feelings he had earlier were somewhat restored.
‘Now I have a rough idea of how to treat them.’
With that thought in mind, Sirone was licking his lips when a man got off from the platform at the back of the hallway.
He approached after seeing Fleur, and his eyes lit up with interest when he saw Sirone.
“Flu, is that a sirone?”
Fleur said hello with a flash of color.
“Ah, Mr. Gando. hello.”
The man’s name is Klein Gando. He is a member of the Old Guard, just like Flew.
As a battle mage proficient in electric magic as well as being nicknamed Gando of Thunder, his position was the Magic Association Guard Captain and his rank was a certified 4th grade.
He was tall, wearing tight leather pants and studded boots. She tucked her purple hair back and let only one strand fall down. He looked like he would have fluttered quite a bit when he was young, but on the other hand, he looked good like an angel.
Fleur led Sirone to meet Gando.
“The chief secretary asked me to manage it. Hey, say hello.”
Gando held out his hand first.
“I see. nice to meet. My name is Gando.”
“uh? hello.”
Sirone, who was about to lower his head, shook hands hurriedly when his hand came in.
Gando smiled and said as soon as it became a ridiculous posture of greeting and shaking hands at the same time.
“Yes, you are much younger than I thought. I thought it would be a scary impression.”
‘Is my image like that?’
It was a fact unknown to Sirone, who had rarely left Tormia. However, when I recall the contents published in the academic journal, I thought that such misunderstandings could arise.
“Are you on regular patrol?”
“huh. It’s spinning from the top floor. How about the 3rd floor? Are you all right?”
“yes. As always, ho-ho-ho!”
Flew covered his mouth and laughed with the pride of being the manager of the third floor.
“okay. Kang Nan seems to have received a call from the president of the association. Maybe he’ll be back together by tomorrow or so. Know that and be at ease.”
“thank you.”
Seeing Gando’s good impression and consideration, Sirone felt like a chimney wanting to tell her, ‘This older sister is bothering me’, but knowing that it would be a loss anyway, she kept it in her heart.
When Gando headed back to the lift, Fleur’s expression suddenly changed, as he was seeing off with a smile on his face. Then he became a shrew again and started rambling on Sirone.
“He is the one who oversees the Magic Association security. In other words, you are my direct supervisor. It’s Gando of Thunder, have you heard the name?”
He thought that if he knew Sakiri, he would of course also know the sword of the thunder.
“Ah yes. I heard.”
In fact, it was the first name I had heard of Sirone. I wouldn’t have known Sakiri’s name if a major incident hadn’t happened at Alpheas Magic School. But in this case, it would be better to say that you know unconditionally.
Fleur was satisfied with Sirone’s compliant attitude.
Thinking that this was the end of her tempering, she slowly brought up the story she had kept in her heart.
“I know why the association president wants to meet you. Is it something related to heaven?”
“… … .”
Sirone was serious and kept his mouth shut. Even if he was the person Kang Nan trusted and entrusted to him, he had to keep his security.
As his eyes sharpened, even Flu could not be treated carelessly this time. Even though he thought that he was not going to be easy, he was offended by the suspicion that the appearance he had so far was not a pretense.
“Anyway, it is my role to assist the president of the association. I will definitely go to heaven So I hope you won’t be flattered just because you were invited.”
I’ve never been conceited, and I never even thought about it. But now, with these words, I could roughly guess where Flew’s containment came from.
“You seem to respect the president of the association.”
Flew’s expression fluttered like a fish freshly pulled from the sea.
“of course! The Sakiri-sama and Gando-sama I just met are great people, but to be honest, they’re nothing compared to Mikea Gaold.”
“I guess so. He is a certified first-class archmage.”
“Ho-ho-ho!”
A tear welled up in Flew’s mocking laugh.
“You really don’t know anything. Listen carefully. Currently, there are 4 1st class archmages in the kingdom of Tormia. However, the position of president of the Magic Association is not simply about being strong. It is a position dealing with high-ranking officials, so you need to have political power and good skills. Then why was Gaold-sama chosen as the president of the association?”
Sirone pondered. However, the answer didn’t come out right away because I couldn’t get a sense of what level it was to be a first-class archmage.
“Well, are you competent in many ways?”
Flew shook her head.
“No, rather the opposite. Not just strong, but too strong.”
“too… … Are you strong?”
“okay. Because he has an overwhelming strength that sets him apart from other first-class archmages, he is able to keep his position as president of the Association while bearing the stigma of being a madman. Power first! As a battle mage, it is an idol and an ideal for me. So how could I not respect you?”
Hearing Flew speak, he was a much greater person than I had vaguely imagined. The more he did, the more he wondered why such a person was looking for him.
Flew turned around and said without regret.
“Anyway, I have to go back to work, so I’m going to my inn until dinner. The tour is over, so don’t wander around without my permission.”
“ah! excuse me… … .”
When Sirone called urgently, Fleur turned around and looked back.
“before you go in… … Can’t we just take the elevator once?”
Flew looked at Sirone and smiled. However, he soon returned to his cold face and spoke briefly with his lips twisted.
“no.”
Sirone stared blankly at her as she walked away.
“What did I do wrong?”
* * *
The next morning dawned bright after leaving for a boring day that was no different from prison life. Sirone overslept because of her friend. She couldn’t even take a step until Fleur went to work anyway.
As I closed my eyes a little longer, I heard a bustle from outside. In a hazy mind, Fleur burst through the door and screamed.
“Hey, newbie! Are you still sleeping?”
Sirone opened her eyes and stood up.
“Oh, hello… … .”
“I’m completely out of it! Do you think this is your bedroom? Won’t you wake up soon?”
Now, Sirone is starting to get annoyed.
“Hey, what am I going to do when I wake up?”
“Of course not. Then you did it to eat and sleep for free? Today, follow me and assist me. I’ll give you 10 minutes, so wash up quickly and come out!”
Sirone felt as if she had been bombed while sleeping. Faced with a morning that was difficult for him to come to his senses, his upper body slowly tilted and he collapsed back into bed.
But in the end, I couldn’t hold on for 10 seconds and curled up and got out of bed.
“Aw, that’s too much to do.”
—————————————

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-356.txt
=============YYYYY=============
[356] Magic Association (2)
When I got ready and left the door, the guards stood in a line in front of Fleur. Sirone hesitated, then slipped into the back of his row and stood up.
As if that was the answer, Fleur glanced at Sirone and instructed her about her daily routine.
“This is the Magic Association, the cradle of kingdom magic. There are great wizards working, but there are many criminals and the risk of terrorism is high. Let’s protect the 3rd floor today with iron-clad security so that not a single ant can enter. remember The Magic Association is the power of the country.”
Flew studied the faces of the guards and shouted.
“Then let’s disperse to our respective positions!”
When the guards dispersed to the area in charge, only Sirone was left in the hallway. Flew called out, flicking his fingers, and turned him around.
“You follow me. From now on, our job is to patrol and manage facilities. If there’s anyone suspicious, they’re going to check it out. If you don’t have a registration certificate approved by the Association, you can arrest him right away.”
It was a great authority even for Sirone to hear, but on the other hand, it seemed that there was hardly any suspicious person going in and out of the World Magic Association.
As expected, Flew’s words were nothing more than threats. From what she watched for an hour or so, she had very little to do. When she was greeted by the guards or something small happened, she just watched and then went on patrol again.
‘Isn’t it perfectly comfortable?’
I wondered if the so-called iron rice bowl was such a job.
Of course, he didn’t know that the reason the job became so easy was because generations of outstanding wizards had passed through this place.
At that moment, the lamp on the ceiling rotated and lit a red light. The siren sounded for about 3 seconds, then the noise stopped with a pop as if someone had blocked the device.
Nervous Sirone looked around. Flew, on the other hand, stood indifferently and waited for someone.
A guard came running from the corner of the hallway. However, his expression was not particularly tense.
“Here, Chief of Security.”
“What happen? Sirens go off.”
“that is… … The board of the horsepower controller overheated and burned the internal circuitry. I have contacted the maintenance team now.”
Almost all districts of the Magic Association limit magic through magic control devices. It is known that it does not work if you become a second-class wizard due to technical limitations, but that alone can prevent most terrorism, and it is also effective in reducing damage from occasional clashes between employees.
“Hmm, that keeps getting me into trouble. hey follow me Let’s go.”
When Flew arrived at the engine room, alchemists and wizards were tearing down the walls and working hard.
Sirone looked at the board of the magic control device with interest. It was a technology that had been introduced to the Magic School’s 2,000th system, but it was the first time seeing the internal circuitry.
As expected, the essence of precise magic engineering was concentrated. Sirone is now at the level of entering the graduating class, but even so, he has not been able to properly analyze the circuit.
Flew approached the maintenance team and asked.
“How are you? Do you think it will be fixed?”
“Ah, Mr. Flew. This is going to take some time. The board is completely burned out. Come to think of it, this is already the third time this year. It looks like there’s something wrong with the sub-adjustment device, but I think I’ll have to tear it out completely.”
Flu was also deeply concerned that the magic control of the third floor, which he was in charge of, was not working properly.
“I have already made a suggestion to the upper management. I think I will probably replace it with a new one during maintenance this quarter, but in the meantime, how can I not do it as a temporary measure?”
No matter how strong the Magic Association is, gaps are not tolerated. The fact that the magic control device was broken meant that there was a serious hole in the security on the 3rd floor, so it was not something to be overlooked.
“If we repair it, we will be able to last another month. However, the Mutol has also melted and the Janes device needs to be replaced as well. However, since this is a non-supply item, the association does not have it in stock. You have to claim it.”
“Hmm, but it’s too late to claim… … .”
Flew bit her nails and thought.
The magic control device was also a matter related to security, so it was under her jurisdiction. Usually, even non-supply items are left in stock, but since it was on the 18th floor, the first person to use it was the owner.
Fleur turned to Sirone. After watching his face for a long time as he studied her board with her blank expression, she finally made up her mind and spoke to her.
“Hey you.”
“yes? Me?”
Flew wiggled his fingers to indicate that he should come. As Sirone approached, she took her to a corner of the engine room and spoke in a low voice so that the maintenance team could not hear her.
“Run one of my errands.”
“If it’s an errand… … .”
“Ask for a carriage to go to Gold Street. If you turn right at the central fountain there, you’ll find the Achim Alchemy Company right away, right? That’s the association’s designated business partner. Go in there and get a few things.”
Flew took a notebook out of her inside pocket and wrote down the names of classmates. Then, after tearing the paper to make a clicking sound, he handed it to Sirone.
Holding the note in her hand, Sirone read the unfamiliar names one by one. It’s a simple errand, but I was a little worried because I’m not familiar with this kind of thing.
“Okay, I’ll go for a while. But how do I pay?”
“You can’t pay. At the end of the month, the association makes a lump sum payment. Now, just show me this.”
Fleur handed Sirone the employee ID he was wearing around his neck. It had a serial number written on it, and next to the name Ravid Pluu, the official rank of 8th grade was inscribed in bronze.
The picture was from two years ago when she had just joined the company, but she was wearing big blind glasses, so I couldn’t find her now.
A red-faced Fleur opened her ax eye and shouted.
“hey! Why are you looking at other people’s photos like that? Can’t you put it in sooner?”
“Oh, sorry.”
Sirone quickly put her employee ID in her inner pocket.
For a woman, some pictures are like fear, so Fleur also felt regret. But it was already spilled water.
‘Oh really. I should have changed it right away.’
I had thought of replacing the picture for a long time, but it was a problem that I completely forgot it after a while because I was overwhelmed with work.
Embarrassed, Fleur cleared her throat and touched Sirone’s clothes.
“Anyway, it went well. Don’t just wear it just to get in shape, put it in your pocket unconditionally. Magic Association employee ID is not something anyone can wear.”
Sirone also knew the importance of the Magic Association employee card.
More than 90% of Kingdom accredited institutions are open and more than 60% of facilities under the Red Line can be used free of charge with the same color staff card. In addition, it can exercise the authority to arrest and prosecute all classes except the royal family within a specific area, and can carry out the duties of wiretapping, wiretapping, infiltration, special attack, and special missions without restrictions at the request of the state agency when inspecting the territory.
From the outside, it’s just a common plastic card, but inside it’s quantum cryptography code is integrated, making it impossible to copy.
I felt like my body was getting stiff when I had a card with such great authority. After putting her hand into his pocket once again to check his employee ID, Shirone finally nodded.
“yes. I’ll be careful.”
Sirone turned around and left the Magic Association. It was a chance to ride the elevator of his dreams, but he used the familiar stairs because he was nervous about running an unfamiliar errand.
Upon arriving at Gold Street by carriage, numerous shops were arranged in concentric circles. The road stretched in eight directions, and each area handled different items.
The text Alchemy Street was written on the central sign. After following the arrow to the right, there was a building that looked like it had been enlarged 5 times the size of a regular building.
‘Here it is, Achim Alchemy Co.’
When I opened the door and entered, there were eight rows of shelves 20 meters long. None of the items on the shelf were the same, and most of them didn’t even know how to use them, even Sirone, a student at the Magic School.
‘If Nade came, his eyes would have gone back. I’ll have to come and see you after graduation.’
The counter was placed furthest from the entrance. There were about 20 guests, and in the corner, alchemists were sitting on their seats and examining dozens of items.
The person guarding the counter was a young man with an intelligent impression. Seeing that he was reading a book called ‘Soft Intermediate’, he seemed to be either an alchemist or a wannabe.
“Hey, I have something to ask you.”
As Sirone approached, the man closed the book and stood up.
“Yes, what are you looking for?”
“I am from the Magic Association. Do you have anything like this?”
Sirone put down the note Flew had written on the counter and held it out. Looking at the type and number of objects, it seemed impossible to explain anyway.
The man glanced at the items written on the note and quickly figured it out.
“Looks like the magic control device has overheated. I’ll find it for you. By the way, can I check your employee ID? Transactions with the Association are due at the end of the month.”
“Ah yes. Here you go.”
Sirone took out Fleur’s employee ID.
The man went under the counter and put his card on the reader. A beep sound followed by an approval sign. The man returned the employee ID to Sirone and said.
“Yes, thank you for checking. Please wait.”
The man carried a thin metal box and went around the shelves to put things in it. Some of the alchemy ingredients were difficult to handle, so he couldn’t put them anywhere.
While waiting, Sirone snapped her fingers on the counter and hummed and looked around. Then, when I turned to the alchemy book, the two men wearing black hoods quickly turned their heads.
‘what? Why are you wearing a hood? Are those people wizards too?’
Sirone looked a little further, but the two no longer showed any particular behavior and disappeared over the ledge on the other side, pretending to be looking for something.
Escaping from Sirone’s gaze, they entered a corner where there were no people. The man standing on the right whispered in a low voice.
“Damn it, you’re from the Magic Association. What do we do? It seems wrong to work here.”
“There are risks involved in completing a revolution. Let’s just do it here.”
“But if we fail, we cannot save our brothers. Don’t do that, let’s move. Let’s go to the Gold Tower. You created an infiltration route just in case of this.”
“Sheesh, I can’t. That’s where I was going to save it until the end.”
Hood’s figures quietly left the Alchemy Chamber.
Sirone waited for about 5 minutes at the counter. The man who had collected everything returned and put the metal box on the counter and held it out. There were various types, but it was surprisingly small, so it didn’t seem heavy.
“Here is the stuff. Delivery is also available, but will only arrive after 5pm. If you are in a hurry, you can take it now.”
“Then I’ll just take it. It doesn’t look very heavy.”
“But please be careful with handling. There are things that are sensitive to shocks.”
“Yes, I will be careful.”
Sirone carefully carried the box as if holding a newborn baby and left the store. He didn’t know how careful handling was to be safe, so he moved with the utmost care.
Coming out to the main road, he looked around for a carriage.
Just then, a loud, loud bang erupted from across the block. The ground made a leap forward, and a terrifying scream rushed in like a tidal wave.
“what?”
Between the numerous alleys, people ran out to the main road. The faces of those standing in the forefront were terrified, and the shock from just before was engraved in their half-dilated pupils.
“Terror! Gold City exploded!”
“terror?”
Sirone looked up at the smoke rising sky.
A terrorist attack in Baska, the capital of the kingdom. It’s something I couldn’t even imagine.
Citizens’ reactions were varied. Most of them were frowning while looking toward the Gold Tower, but busy people were swearing and urging their way.
—————————————

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-357.txt
=============YYYYY=============
[357] Magic Association (3)
‘I don’t think this situation is rarer than expected. What do we do? Should I go?’
Terrorism against civilians was a serious crime, so the kingdom would respond immediately. There would be nothing I could do about it if I went to the scene of the incident, but I didn’t like the aftertaste of ignoring it and going back to the association.
Crowds of people who fled for the second time rushed from the side of the main road. The sound of them shouting as they passed allowed Sirone to know a little more about the situation.
“It’s the Black Revolution! They’re holding hostages and holding a sit-in in Gold City!”
“damn. All in all, they’re crazy people who don’t care.”
“What is the anti-terrorism unit doing? Have you not contacted me yet?”
The sound overflowed, but no one headed for the Gold Tower.
It was natural, and it had to be. There was nothing ordinary people could do about terrorists, so it was better to leave it to the experts.
‘What should I do?’
A magic school student is not an expert. However, he was not so unprofessional that he only sucked his fingers when people died.
Words came from among the people standing on the sidewalk watching the smoke.
“Serious children. This time, it’s probably to get your comrades released. I’ll kill all the hostages if I don’t subdue them quickly. Three people have died before.”
Sirone’s heart tilted to one side little by little.
‘I’ll have to go and figure out the situation.’
You can protect your body by yourself, so it would be right to go and see it.
As a person who was at the scene of the incident, he was in a position where he could respond early, and even as a student, he was a combatant who had enough practical experience in his own way.
Having made up her mind, Sirone ran to where the smoke was rising. Then, people standing on the sidewalk watching him shouted when they saw him driving the wrong way down the road.
“Hey, kid! don’t go there! It’s a terror zone!”
Sirone stopped walking. But he did not listen to the citizens. The box rattled and I couldn’t run fast. It’s okay to throw it away and go, but he couldn’t even lose the association’s items while he was simply going to figure out the situation.
“Eh, I don’t know!”
Sirone made up her mind and cast teleportation. As it turned into a flash of light and raced through the air, all the people watching looked up at the sky and opened their eyes wide.
“What, what? Are you a wizard?”
* * *
The terrorist incident was quickly taken up by the kingdom’s key authorities.
The Magic Association was no exception. When news spread that the Black Revolutionary Corps had blown up the Gold Tower, the Association also moved quickly.
An official letter of cooperation came from the Kingdom Security Office, and the association also sent a reply saying that they would provide all possible support.
However, the information was not delivered directly to the certified 8th level wizard. Flew was still in the engine room on the third floor, watching the maintenance of the horsepower control unit. But he thought it was noisy outside.
“What’s going on? You are working for a moment.”
When I opened the door to the engine room and went out into the corridor, the guards stopped their work and gathered in a corner. Flew, more puzzled, tilted her head and walked towards them.
“Why are you doing this? Where did the accident happen?”
“Ah, boss. It is said that the Black Revolutionary Corps has launched a terrorist attack in the city.”
Fleur’s impression was crumpled at the word Black Revolutionary Corps.
In addition to criminals, numerous sub-species who have been defeated in the war of conquest live in Radum, the shadow of Basuka. However, due to capital policy, economic activities of non-human races are prohibited, so there was always a lot of dissatisfaction, and such dissatisfaction piled up, and radical terrorist groups like the Black Revolution were organized.
Their needs have always been the same. To release the comrades of the Black Revolution and vice-captain Kanimar, who are imprisoned in the basement of the castle.
Of course, the kingdom could not fulfill the requirements, and the more the Black Revolution was doing, the more radical and bold terrorist activities were throwing the capital into chaos.
“Dirty things. What are you thinking of touching civilians?”
It was a flu that wanted to run to the scene immediately and pay a muk bowl. But if either of you started abusing your authority, eventually no one would remain in the Society.
Flew, who had calmed down, asked again.
“So, where are you going this time?”
“Ah, that is the Gold Tower. Even if you choose, you chose the right one.”
“Oh my, did you break through the Gold Tower?”
Gold Tower is a foreign exchange bank where currencies of other countries are traded. Of course, a certain amount of foreign currency was held in the kingdom’s treasury, but if transactions were paralyzed even temporarily, in some cases it was a key point that could cause serious trade losses.
‘That’s why the inspection and search are strict. How the hell did he get in?’
Flew’s shoulders twitched.
“Wait! The Gold Tower?”
“yes. Why? If you have a deposit… … ?”
Flew’s hair was messed up.
The Gold Tower is only one block away from the Achim Alchemy Company. If so, there was no way that Sirone had not been aware of the incident.
‘Let’s wait, what time is it? In terms of time… … .’
Even considering the variables, it was definitely time to be on site.
My heart started pounding. The thing that scared her the most was that her guest, who was supposed to meet Old, had an accident with her.
“no way! really!”
Flew stopped thinking and ran down the hallway. The guard walking across from me asked with a surprised expression.
“Boss, where are you going?”
“I’m out of work! I’ll be right back!”
Flew hopped down the stairs.
When I came out of the main gate, the citizens were looking at one place with anxious expressions. Flew, noticing the fuzzy smoke rising in the distance, immediately cast a photonization spell. Her body turned to light and she roared and flew through her firmament.
* * *
“Stay still! I’ll kill those who talk nonsense!”
There were a total of 8 members of the Black Revolutionary Corps who exploded the Gold Tower. They were all wearing black hoods and carrying weapons that were hideous to the eye.
Armed with chain scythes, twin axes, flails, and long swords, the 20 hostages trembled like aspen trees as they moved around the Gold Tower.
“You are the victims of the revolution from this time on. We must be willing to give our lives to free our comrades! Those who refuse will suffer more terrible pains than death!”
“crying! Mom, I’m scared!”
A four-year-old boy burst into tears in his mother’s arms. Her child’s cries were heard louder than the sound of sirens in the silence of everyone.
“Shish! Quiet. You can’t cry.”
I tried with a low, determined voice, but the child’s crying did not stop.
Terrorists do not do this with a sane mind. I was irritated when even the child cried in the already disturbed situation.
A member of the Black Revolutionary Corps approached the mother and child and shouted.
“Don’t stop crying! If you continue to cry, I will kill you first!”
“Aaaaaagh! OMG! Mommy!”
The mother held her child in her arms and bowed her head.
“sorry! sorry! I’ll be quiet soon. It will end soon.”
The terrorist had no intention of putting up with it.
Anyway, all the hostages gathered here were destined to die bravely in order to accomplish the cause of revolution.
“shut up! The revolution looks funny to you!”
The mother was thrown to the floor as the terrorist raised her foot and kicked the child. Hit by her side, the child flew several meters and fell to the ground.
When he couldn’t even breathe and gasped, a woman ran over and quickly hugged the child and comforted him.
“Why are you hitting the kid! You can cry because you are scared!”
A member of Jungki holding a scythe approached while turning the chain.
The woman’s blonde hair was pulled back, and her booties flowed down her face, and her outfit and accessories were classy.
Her name is Aria. She was the same woman who had been in the same carriage as Sirone a few days before. The next week she went to diplomatic practice, so she stopped by to exchange money, but she was caught by the Black Revolutionary Corps.
“Shut up. Nothing is more important than accomplishing the cause of the revolution.”
“joy! revolution? If so, don’t you need money? You can take all the money here!”
“Hey, money?”
Daewon shrugged his shoulders and laughed in a muffled voice.
To the Black Revolutionary Corps, money is nothing more than a piece of toilet paper. Even if you had it anyway, you couldn’t do any economic activity in Baska.
The kingdom was unable to annihilate the terrorists that grew naturally in the gutter of the capital, and the more it did, the more it focused on killing its power by applying economic pressure.
However, that fact became another invisible weapon for the terrorists.
Being free from money was often wrapped up in sublimity. The Black Revolutionary Corps defined the kingdom as a social evil and was attracting more sub-species under the banner of sacred belief.
“Kyaaak!”
The agent lifted Arya up and bent her arms behind her. He then clamped her neck hard with her own arm holding her scythe.
A sharp scythe emitted an eerie light in front of Arya’s eyes.
“Queue, is it because she is the daughter of a rich family? Does it smell amazing? how is it? Since you’ve been eating well and growing up well, shall we show off our body in front of people?”
A thick, bluish tongue descended from the darkness of the hood. It was twice as long as a human, and the saliva gave off a stinky stench. Arya frowned and turned her head away from her.
“Hey, I don’t have time to play with it. The terrorist squad will come soon. Let’s start slowly.”
One of the two people at the Achim Alchemy Chamber looked outside and said. Daewon also had no particular interest in human women, so she obediently followed.
“Cheuk, then let’s make this woman our first target. The effect would be perfect because he was noble and handsome. Too bad, miss. But she lived happily ever after.”
The Black Revolutionary Corps will do anything to fulfill their demands. Besides, all he wants is the release of his comrades. Killing one person to give them a warning was a fear tactic that they focused on.
“Help me! Help me!”
Arya realized the situation and struggled.
But none of the hostages came forward for her. Her child’s mother was also just holding her child in her arms and closing her eyes.
The operator with the scythe grabbed Arya and led her out through the broken door of the Gold Tower.
The streets where all the citizens had evacuated were completely desolate. Only the merchants in the vicinity were watching the situation from inside the store.
“listen carefully! We are the Black Revolution! Release Vice-captain Kanimar of the Black Revolution right now and free your imprisoned comrades! Otherwise, I will kill one person every 10 minutes! To prove that our resolve is not false, I will kill this woman right here and now!”
Arya’s face was sick like a corpse.
“Kyaaak! Help me! Please help me!”
The merchants who were watching turned their heads one by one. She couldn’t make eye contact with Arya.
The Black Revolutionary Corps were guys who would do anything. Unfortunately for the poor girl, today will be the last day of her life.
“Don’t move. If you want to resent it, resent the kingdom.”
The scythe of the crew touched Arya’s nape.
I don’t intend to die easily. because it doesn’t work If only half of her throat was cut, the woman’s life would slowly cool down in pain.
“Die for the Revolution!”
Daewon’s voice was sincere enough to convince me that this is the end of my life.
Not even a scream came out as the strength in her legs gave out. The fear of death paralyzed his reason, and his body convulsed at will.
“for a moment! Wait a minute!”
Just as the scythe was about to slit Arya’s throat, someone appeared on the deserted street.
“what?”
The crew waiting inside the Gold Tower checked the owner of the voice through the window. A boy who was not yet twenty was holding a metal box and catching his breath.
“who are you?”
—————————————

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-358.txt
=============YYYYY=============
[358] Magic Association (4)
Sirone was out of breath and couldn’t reply. He had been watching the situation from afar, but when the situation became urgent, he was on the verge of running with all his might.
“What are you going to do if you just kill someone? Even if you don’t know what’s going on, you can solve it through conversation.”
“what? kill people? How dare you dismiss the cause of revolution as murder!”
Arya recognized Sirone’s face. He was the boy he had a crush on in the wagon a few days before. But there was no time to think about it now.
Covered with tears and runny nose, she begged Sirone, her only hope.
“Help me! Please save me!”
“shut up! The revolution has already begun!”
When the crew put a scythe around Aria’s neck, Sirone, who became desperate, instantly showed his wits. he shouted as he held out his hand with the iron box strapped to his side.
“for a moment! Then take me hostage!”
Before the scythe pierced his throat, the agent’s hand stopped.
I trained for three years to complete the cause, but this was an unheard-of situation. Who would lay down their life for a stranger?
“Take you hostage?”
Sirone took out the magic association employee card from her inner pocket. Then he held out a picture of Fleur, covering it with his thumb.
“As you can see, I am an employee of the Magic Association. Taking me hostage would be much more effective than civilians.”
The crew finally saw through the boy’s plan.
Now that I see it, it was a ploy to buy time. Not only had I never seen the Magic Association employee card, but it was impossible to check it here.
“joy! Are you an employee of the Magic Association? A kid like you? Do you think I would believe that?”
At that time, the terrorist, who was watching Sirone carefully in front of the window, spoke.
“Hey, bring that guy.”
Everyone in the Gold Tower looked at him. He couldn’t see his expression because it was covered by his hood, but he could tell from the atmosphere that everyone was suspicious.
“Chief, do you really believe what he said?”
“Trust me, you are an employee of the Magic Association. I’ve already checked with Akim Company. If an employee of the Magic Association is held hostage, it will be much easier to carry out our demands.”
One of the crew reported through the window. It was the captain’s words, so there was no need to doubt it.
“Hey, the captain said so. Bring him in.”
The scythe holding a scythe kicked her tongue and violently threw Aria backwards. Then, pointing at Sirone with her scythe, he whipped her wrist like a scrape.
“good. walk slowly this way If you do nonsense, I will kill all the hostages here.”
“I know it too. That’s what makes you a hostage.”
Sirone set the metal box down on the floor to avoid arousing any suspicion. Then the scythe-wielding crew member asked nervously as well as nervously.
“for a moment. what is that?”
“This is an item I bought at the alchemy shop.”
As the crew turned around to check, the captain was lost in thought. He couldn’t see it, but he was certain he had stopped by the store to buy something.
“It will be right. Bring that too.”
The Black Revolutionary Corps does not need currency. A bundle is only enough to buy an apple in the black market.
But things were different. Especially if it was an item ordered from the Magic Association, it could definitely be exchanged for a considerable amount of weapons.
“Hey, put that over your head and come over here.”
Sirone held the iron box with both hands and walked towards the Gold Tower.
When I crossed the entrance, I was surrounded by three members at the same time. One stole the box and the other tied Sirone’s hands behind her back. The other knelt down and put a greatsword around his neck.
“Stay quiet. If you resist, I will kill you.”
Sirone looked around without even answering.
The hostages were grouped together and guarded by three terrorists. Only Arya broke away from the crowd and fell on her knees next to Sirone.
Realizing that she had finally lived, Arya looked at Sirone, who had saved her, with various emotions. She was sorry, and the fact that she was an employee of the Magic Association was surprising.
“Are you a wizard?”
Sirone did not look back and had a bitter smile. Even though she was a wizard, she couldn’t enter the Spirit Zone because the magic control device was activated inside the Gold Tower.
‘I didn’t expect the Magic Control Device to be turned on. Well, it would be natural for Korea Exchange Bank. But how did these people infiltrate?’
Sirone glanced sideways at the huge hole in the floor of the Gold Tower. He wondered if he had dug a hole in the ground. It was a task that would have taken several months, so it was not an accidental crime.
‘This might be dangerous.’
While Sirone was lost in thought, a terrorist with a flail approached. Even though he was wearing a robe, he couldn’t hide his massive size.
“Hehe, the magic association I hate the most in the world is coming. How am I going to do this?”
It was a low voice beyond common sense. No matter how clear the pronunciation was, it felt dull.
The terrorist crouched down and grabbed Sirone’s chin with his huge hand. It was rough skin like a tree.
As he turned Sirone’s face left and right, he remembered a good idea and took out a dagger from his bosom.
“Yeah, this would be fun. Hey, girl.”
Arya looked at the terrorist with anxious eyes. She doesn’t know why, but when she goes home, she never calls me to study hard.
The terrorist swung the dagger swiftly in his huge hand. Then he grabbed the blade with his fingers and held out his handle.
“I am very grateful to the person who saved your life. it is not so?”
“Yes, it is.”
“Then give me a knife in return. Thighs are good.”
A look of astonishment filled the woman’s eyes. Her face turned white and her chin trembled.
“yes? uh, how… … .”
Even if I just stab someone, I would be scared to death, but I couldn’t do anything to hurt the person who became a hostage to save myself.
A terrorist with a double ax approached, showing interest.
“Kyakyakya! that would be nice Hey, do it fast! Otherwise, I will kill you first!”
It was a high-pitched and low-pitched voice that overlapped at the same time.
Surprised by the word killing, Arya accepted the dagger. But she couldn’t bear to stab Sirone’s thigh.
“Hoo? As expected, the staff of the Magic Association are different. Seeing that even in this situation, not a single expression on his face has changed.”
Sirone stared at the front calmly.
The reaction here only made the terrorists feel better. Of course, being stabbed will hurt, but that’s just a future thing that hasn’t come yet.
At the words of the crew member, Aria raised her head and looked at Sirone. Guilt-relieving words came out of his mouth, which was still facing forward with a nonchalant expression.
“I’m OK. Guard yourself.”
The officer with a flail could not stand it and shouted.
“do it faster! Poke! Before I smash your head!”
As the flail was lifted into the air, Arya reached out to Sirone’s thigh with tears streaming down her face.
“Mi, I’m sorry… … sorry.”
The upside down dagger trembled. I couldn’t even imagine what it would feel like to have a sharp piece of metal pierce my flesh.
Arya sobbed and placed the tip of the dagger on Sirone’s thigh.
Even then, Sirone’s expression did not change. I won’t kill you anyway. Because you are their most valuable hostage.
“You are surrounded! You are surrounded! Release the hostages immediately and raise the white flag! If you don’t comply with the order, I will wipe it out completely!”
The heads of the terrorists all turned toward the window. All of a sudden, the Tormia anti-terrorist squad set up a barricade and surrounded the Gold Tower.
The emergency riot squad of prosecutors, the special riot squad of magicians, the explosives dismantling squad made up of alchemists, and even the sniper squad made up of gunners were all on the move.
The terrorist with a flail spat out curse words when the opportunity to make fun of the heinous Magic Association flew by. He was so low-pitched that I couldn’t hear him. No, maybe he didn’t even know what a human language was.
There is nothing more important than the revolutionary cause to the Black Revolutionary Corps. Caught up in his emotions, the crew grabbed Sirone by the back of the belt and walked to the window with his legs afloat with strong force.
“We are the Black Revolution! If we don’t release Vice-Captain Kanimar and his comrades right now, the hostages will die! I will execute one person every 10 minutes!”
The anti-terrorist squad did not even raise an eyebrow. If you accept the demand here, you will have to accept a bigger demand in the future.
However, it was impossible to sacrifice the hostages. Even high-ranking nobles among the hostages held in the Gold Tower could cause political problems.
“Damn you kids! If you want to die, you will die alone!”
The anti-terrorist squad leader glared at the terrorist and bit his teeth. In the end, there was no choice but to suppress it, but the key was when to minimize the damage.
It could be right now, or it could be five minutes from now. How much more time he gave them was entirely his burden.
At that moment, a roaring sound was heard, and a woman holding a long magic wand landed.
Fleur, who flew straight from the Magic Association, analyzed the situation upon arrival.
‘Once the anti-terrorist team arrived, all the citizens escaped. But the child… … ?’
It was not far from the alchemy shop, so it was normal to keep an eye on the situation nearby. However, no matter how much I looked around, I couldn’t find Sirone.
‘What, you’re not here? Do you really run away anyway? Well, good thing for me… … .’
Flew’s gaze stopped at the main gate of the Gold Tower. Seeing Sirone caught in the hands of the terrorist with a liberated expression, his eyes widened and his jaw dropped as if he were going to fall.
“What are you doing over there! Fool!”
The anti-terrorist squad looked back at the evil basket that had come out without their knowledge.
“ah… … .”
The class president frowned and asked.
“What are you? Seeing that you moved through space, is it a wizard?”
Flew, who came to his senses, walked confidently. It was not included in the number of cooperating people, but anyway, this place was also under the jurisdiction of the Magic Association, so it had authority.
“My name is Fleur, the head of the Magic Association’s security department. How is the current situation… … huh?”
Flew, who had been groping for his chest, looked down with a puzzled expression. He obviously didn’t have the employee ID that should have hung around his neck.
Realizing it belatedly, she stuck out her tongue with a painful expression.
‘Oops, I gave it to that guy.’
The class president stared at Fleur, whose expression changed every second. If she hadn’t flown through space, she would have just thought she was a local crazy girl.
“The Magic Association’s security chief? But why did you come here? The riot squad has already been packed.”
“Oh, hey, that… … I was wondering if there was anything I could help with… … .”
Flew’s voice was quieter than before, intimidated by the fact that he didn’t have a license. Either that or not, the class president looked back at the front as if it was annoying.
“Go back. We have enough troops to subdue them. The problem is the hostages.”
Flew also knew because it was not the first time the scene of terrorism had occurred.
The reason it is difficult to wipe out terrorists is that they use an unspecified number of weak people as their shield.
However, even from her point of view, she could not leave the place without leaving Sirone behind.
‘The more I think about it, the more I get annoyed. What were you thinking about getting caught by a terrorist? Even magic doesn’t work there.’
For a moment, Fleur’s eyes lit up.
‘Wait, magic?’
Maybe Sirone’s capture could be an opportunity.
Flew, thinking of a hopeful strategy, ran through the anti-terrorist unit and reached the class president.
“Hey, Captain! Captain!”
The class president sighed and looked back.
“What else? We are busy.”
“there is! There is a way to save the hostages!”
—————————————

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-359.txt
=============YYYYY=============
[359] Magic Association (5)
The anti-terrorism squad was giving Sirone a stinging glare. It is natural that they serve as excellent shields for terrorists, but from the standpoint of the hostage, it was only regrettable.
The flail’s Janghan, who grabbed Sirone, had great physical strength. When she realized that she couldn’t escape without magic, Sirone began to get impatient.
‘What do we do? Aren’t you really going to die like this?’
At that time, Flu broke through the anti-terrorist squad and appeared. Seeing her face with her ax eye raised, Sirone was terrified even in the situation of her life and death.
‘Why is Mr. Flew here?’
Flew pointed and shouted.
“hey!”
All members of the Black Revolution paid attention to Fleur. Unexpected situations are always bad.
The terrorist holding Sirone asked in a menacing voice.
“Hey, what is that woman?”
“Uh, that… … For now, it’s my business.”
Flew continued angrily.
“Are you a crazy kid? I told you to go to the alchemy shop, what are you doing there?”
Sirone pondered over whether to answer.
Of course, it is natural for her to be angry. But it was nonsensical to bring it out in this situation.
‘Why are you doing that? Something is strange.’
As Sirone was lost in thought, she fired even more.
“I must have ordered you to buy the parts for the ‘horsepower controller’! Because of you, ‘cute people’ suffered damage! How are you going to be ‘responsible’?”
Sirone’s eyes sparkled.
‘Magic control device?’
Come to think of it, Fleur’s eyes were also tense, unlike usual.
‘Ah, this is the password.’
Roughly put together, it was something like this.
The magic control device will be released. You are in charge of hostages.
‘You’ve got one chance. But when?’
Until then, not even the flu could be delivered.
You can create any number of passwords, but if they are long, you will be suspicious. Also, even if time was adjusted, it could be rather poisonous in an operation where success or failure could be judged in an instant.
From that moment on, Sirone began to warm up his mind. There is no clearly defined time. The key was not to miss the opportunity at the moment the magic control device was destroyed.
The rooftop of an eight-story building 200 meters from the Gold Tower.
One Gunner was aiming at the Gold Tower with a crossbow equipped with magic bullets. Unlike a normal crossbow, the tiller was long enough to be worn on the shoulder and was a weapon that used a trigger-type trigger.
As Gunner was making a balloon out of chewing gum, a voice came from the communication device.
-Alpha. Can you hear me?
“This is Alpha. Waiting for sniping. over.”
– Deliver orders. Detonate the Magic Control Device in the Gold Tower.
The balloon stuck to Gunner’s mouth popped with a pop. Even detonating the magic control device seemed like there was nothing that could be done in the hostage situation.
-It’s a one-time opportunity. make no mistake.
Gunner stopped thinking and locked the magic controller inside the crossbow’s scope. Strategies are made up of the brain, and fighting is done by the muscles. He was the nerve of the anti-terror squad.
As I recalled the interior plan of the Gold Tower, the lines in my head stood up as planes and quickly formed a three-dimensional three-dimensional structure. It rotated freely and calculated its trajectory.
The magic control device is built into the wall, so you can’t see it with your eyes. It was a situation where I had to open my heart.
“Roger That.”
Fleur, who exchanged glances with Sirone, gently bit her lower lip. There were too many uncertain variables. Above all, even if the magic control device was destroyed, it was impossible to guarantee that Sirone would be able to evacuate the hostages.
‘please. you have to do something If you make a mistake, it’s the end.’
Sirone was desperate to change the shape of his mind beforehand.
The method he chose was Mass Teleport, a collective teleportation. As soon as the magic control device is destroyed, they take the hostages and escape.
‘Can I make it on time?’
Bypass the terrorists and lock only the hostages in the Spirit Zone. As it is a bizarre form that is not found in all directions, it was important to tune the mind in advance. It would have been easy for Arin, a spirit-type mage, but it took a considerable amount of time for Sirone, who had strength in durability.
‘It’s harder than expected. Something shouldn’t happen now.’
Meanwhile, Gunner finished preparing for sniping. The chewing of the gum slowed down at regular intervals, and he finally began to crush it slowly with his teeth.
slowly… … Slowly, as the gum squeezed, the trigger finger bent little by little.
Right.
The moment teeth met teeth, the trigger was pulled. With a ping and exclamation, the magic bullet was fired at the same speed as a swallow snatching a bug.
‘Just a little, just a little more!’
Sirone did her best to change her mental form. Meanwhile, he couldn’t help but be conscious of the situation around him.
A light flashed above the heads of the anti-terrorist squad, and then something passed through Sirone and through the front door.
A sharp iron magic bullet pierced the wall next to the safe and stuck into the board of the magic control device. Electricity was generated from the magic bullet, the wire melted, and the overheated device exploded with a roar.
‘Now!’
Sirone entered the spirit zone with her eyes wide open. Hostages, including Arya, were captured in the Spirit Zone, which has an unstandardized form like an amoeba.
“what! What happened!”
The members of the Black Revolutionary Corps were taken aback by the sudden attack. However, it did not take long for them to settle their minds because they were also trained.
“How dare these fool us!”
The moment the flail landed on her head, Sirone opened her eyes. The body turned into light, and at the same time, all the hostages were subjected to photonization magic.
‘Mass teleport!’
Numerous flashes of light seemed to rise simultaneously, then they bent like dragons and escaped the outside of the Gold Tower.
The place where Sirone arrived was 20 meters away from the main gate. He wanted to avoid it as far as possible, but the space of his line of sight was the limit for him who did not know the geography of this place.
After confirming the number of hostages, Sirone cut the rope with Armand using rated control. On the Gold Tower side, riot squads were arresting terrorists.
Werewolves, underground people, goblins, etc., their identities were revealed, and their races were different.
The giant of the flail was a family member called the Forest Keeper. Characterized by a well-developed chin, he was screaming in a low voice that would come from a brass instrument with his arm bent by the knights.
‘One person is vacant?’
Only 7 terrorists were captured. When I checked the body with my eyes, I didn’t see the one who was called the captain.
“Aagh!”
Sirone raised her head at the sound she heard from the sky. Flew, floating in the air, was in a position to strike something with his magic wand.
The transparent object fell to the ground with a thud. After a while, the leader with his limbs attached to the ground appeared, trembling with his beaten back.
Flew said, landing light as a feather on the ground.
“Where are you going to run to?”
“Keugh! Annoying Wizard!”
The captain grabbed his chest and tore off his robe.
The face of a man with light purple skin was revealed. He was bald, his ears sticking out like knives, and his sharp fangs stood out between his closed teeth.
“Now that this has happened, I will kill you and go.”
“You were a vampire after all.”
The ability to make the body invisible for a while was a vampire’s unique ability. However, he was not pureblood, as he did not suffer even when exposed to sunlight.
‘Well, if it was pureblood, it would be impossible for everyone here to attack.’
Flew said to the riot squad without taking his eyes off the vampire.
“I will take care of it, so please block the escape route. Vampires are good at escaping.”
The riot squad immediately blocked the way to the Gold Tower. He knew that if he moved clumsily, the vampire would leave the place.
Flew swung his magic wand out of habit, then grabbed the tip of the pole and aimed it forward.
“Come on, kid.”
“You cheeky girl!”
Nails protruded from the vampire’s ten fingers like blades. His body turned into a blurry afterimage and moved across space like a torrent.
Vampires are fast. It was not muscle strength, but the power of a unique incarnation technique called half-body half-soul.
Flew’s eyelids were half-down and his gaze was turned left and right.
Knock! Her vampiric claws got in the way as she twisted her body and held out her magic wand.
“Big! this… … !”
“It looks so ridiculous. A mongrel can’t be faster than the synesthesia of the Spirit Zone.”
“shut up! Shut up!”
The vampire swung its claws dozens of times per second.
Flew retreated with a sharp screeching sound, spinning around her at an unseen speed. Flew gave up her pursuit and slammed her magic staff down on the ground.
“Bonghwangjeong.”
A huge firebird rose from the crystal ball and spewed out fireballs in all directions.
The phoenix that resonates with the Spirit Zone fires fireballs at everyone within its radius. Although it was impossible to identify friends, it was overpowered in terms of reflexes faster than synesthesia.
“Aagh!”
The vampire who was hit directly by the fireball rolled on the floor with his burning body. When the flames were extinguished, there was no strength left to move.
said Flew, pressing the magic wand to his stomach.
“The sun endures, but the fire does not. Receive the aura obediently.”
“Stop talking nonsense! Do you know our suffering! To understand at least the misery of living in the gutter!”
“I don’t know. Humans are what even humans can’t save. I don’t have the energy to look into your circumstances.”
“You foolish and arrogant man! I was also human once. How long do you think you can rule the world! In the future, you will pay a huge penalty.”
“Someday. But not now.”
“Queue, is that so?”
The vampire’s body began to split like a jigsaw puzzle. At the grotesque change, Flew removed his magic wand and took a step back.
“what… … ?”
“This is the result you made!”
Hundreds of black bats splattered the vampire’s body and flew to the place where the hostages were, swimming in the air.
Flew pointed his magic wand at once. However, he could not use Bonghwangjeong where the hostages were.
“Kyaaaagh! Help me!”
The hostages who discovered the swarm of bats hugged each other.
At that time, Sirone blocked the way and lowered her fist.
‘Broad!’
Puff puff puff puff!
The curtain of light pulsed at a fast tempo, bouncing off all bats. As the bats flew out of the curtain and got tangled, the vampire returned to its original form and rolled on the floor.
“Quaaaaagh!”
The vampire’s fingers stretched sprawled toward the sun, slowly unfolding.
When the movement finally stopped, the emergency services rushed in and arrested him.
The hostages slowly lifted their eyelids. Terrorists were being transported one by one to the steel prison.
“done. Arrested them all.”
“it’s over! We live!”
The hostages cheered and clapped.
The main character of applause was Sirone. He came in as a hostage, took time, and even finished it, so it could be said that it was a sense of accomplishment.
“It was really cool! After all, justice is alive!”
“What courage! It deserves a job at the Magic Association!”
Sirone’s face flushed. He was anxious that people mistook him for an employee of the Magic Association. Arya approached as she lowered her head, not knowing what to do with her body.
“Hey, are you okay?”
“Ah, it’s okay.”
“I am very grateful for today’s work. I want to give an example… … .”
“Oh no! You don’t have to!”
Arya didn’t want to let Sirone go like this. She was helped, but the fact that he was in the wagon had a fateful impulse.
“I am Arya of the Tessiya family. My father is a first-class diplomat in the kingdom. If I tell you about today’s work, it will help me a lot in the future… … .”
At that moment, Fleur grabbed Sirone’s head and pressed him down.
“There is no need for that.”
“yes?”
Flew politely bowed her head to the bewildered Arya.
“sorry. This child is still a probationary, not a full-time employee. Please kindly understand that this was done at the association level to catch terrorists.”
Sirone lowered her head and averted her gaze.
Strictly speaking, he wasn’t even an apprentice. However, when he met Fleur’s eyes, who had a scary expression on his face, he remembered what to say.
“Yes, sorry. There will be no such thing in the future.”
Arya didn’t care if Sirone was a full-time employee or an apprentice. She talked for a long time and just wanted to know a little more about him.
“No, I’m just grateful… … .”
Flew shook his hand firmly and stopped talking.
“I just did what I was supposed to do. Private cases are strictly prohibited inside the association. Then I trust that you will understand and I will go now. Follow me, you little boy!”
“Ouch! sick!”
Sirone was caught and pulled out of the Gold Tower by Flew’s hand.
Aria’s eyes, looking at the two people who were getting farther away, contained regretful feelings.
—————————————

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-36.txt
=============YYYYY=============
Please enable JavaScript
[Translator – Anwen]
Chapter 36
‘I’m sorry. We have to make a living too.’
The male student closed his eyes tightly and teleported to Shirone.
Fatal injuries were inevitable in the event of a collision.
“Eek!…… Huh?”
He cried out in fear, but he did not feel the impact he was preparing for.
When he opened his eyes, Shirone was exactly 10 meters away from where he was.
‘He dodged?’
In the process of traveling forwards, Shirone abruptly curved right to avoid a collision. It was better than dropping out due to a collision, but he still took a speed loss nonetheless.
The female and male students plunged down with satisfied looks. They had successfully slowed down Shirone.
“No…!”
Shirone, whose repetitive compulsion was cut off by the dodging he did just now, gritted his teeth and focused his mind to try and raise back his teleportation tempo.
“Hey. Just now, the movement of those two kids. Wasn’t it kind of weird?”
A kid from the Intermediate class said with a frown.
“I thought so too. Maybe they just got tangled in a rush? No way they tried to crash on purpose.”
“By no means was that an accident. They did it on purpose.”
The person who made that comment was a student from Class 5, Yiruki Mercodine.
She was the same person who had given the advice to Shirone back then when he was in the Image Zone. She was thin as a rail, had heterochromia, jagged teeth, and a pointed nose.
“How are you so sure? Sure, it was suspicious, but you can’t be positive unless you’re part of the accused party.”
With one palm spread open, she collided it with her other hand which was clenched in a fist.
“One person blocks the road. The other hits from another side. It’s a great strategy to block both the instantaneousness of teleportation and the space leap aspect of it. If Shirone didn’t dodge by modifying his usual cycle, he would have fallen down. Well, I would have found some other way using equations of motion.”
Her classmates turned their heads towards the training ground again.
‘Gosh, what a poser.’
Meanwhile, Shirone began to get a little nervous after looking at the growing distance between him and Mark.
350 meters remaining.
By the halfway point, the only competitors left were Shirone and Mark.
‘I won! I’m first!’
Convinced that he was going to win, Mark’s body vibrated with excitement.
Although he had leaped about 40 times, seeing as how there was no one standing in his way, he did not feel fatigued.
‘I’m the one who will pass!’
High-speed promotion to Class 5. The faces of envious classmates and the sour faces of Class 6 upperclassmen crossed his mind.
“HAHAHA! I’m first!”
As Mark sped up the tempo of his teleportation, the distance between him and Shirone began to widen even more.
‘Mark is in good condition. He will complete the exam by the looks of it. At the rate I’m going, I won’t be able to retake first place.’
There was only one possible method left for Shirone.
‘Acceleration.’
While he might be able to get closer to Mark, the risk of breaking his routine was high.
However, the only solution was to increase his teleportation link rhyme by a beat faster.
“HEUP!”
With clenched teeth, Shirone’s rhythm suddenly accelerated. The sound of the teleportation wave resounded like the beat of a drum.
The excitement of the students reached its peak.
“Shirone is starting to catch up! The winner is going to be decided soon!”
“Mark! Faster! Faster!”
Like the last spurt of track and field, everyone’s adrenaline shot up as the distance shortened.
Then, something strange was detected by Mark.
The iron bar of the Bridge That Cannot Be Crossed started fluctuating like waves.
Mark frowned.
At first, he thought he was mistaken, but now he was sure that the bar was squirming around like a living creature.
“What the…?”
The material of the Bridge That Cannot Be Crossed had alchemical components to it. It was a special material that could change its shape in response to electromagnetic force.
‘There should be no obstacles though… It should be set to level 1.’
Shattering Mark’s belief, the bar bent like rubber and turned into a lasso.
“AAK! What the hell!”
At the same time he freaked out, Mark’s body passed through the huge circle and came out the other way.
Though the situation was not too dangerous, since the bar completed its transformation, it was now as solid as steel.
‘Why is this happening?’
Then, the mechanical voice of a woman rang out within the training ground.
–Warning. Warning. The engine system of the Bridge That Cannot Be Crossed has been activated. Level 10. Level 10.
“ …What?”
While Mark was questioning who exactly was operating the engine system, he was also doubting if he had heard the system right. He heard it say level 10.
The black iron bar that bent and twisted created an ugly-shaped obstacle.
“Wh-What is that?”
Since Class 4 trained on a difficulty level of 6, The class 4 students watching couldn’t help but fear for Mark and Shirone.
“How the hell did this happen?! Why did the engine activate all of a sudden?!”
The instructors were in disarray.
It was not enough that the safety device was turned off, but the difficulty of the traps was also at its highest.
The advanced-class level obstacles had complex shapes and their speed was also very fast, so the risk of injury was extremely high.
“Damn it! Engine room!”
Thadd was the first to teleport to fly off to the engine room, while the rest of the instructors questioned what to do now.
“Headmaster, what should we do now? The promotion exam…”
The only students left were Shirone and Mark. They had come so far.
If the exam was interrupted while there was no clear winner, some people might speak ill of the academy.
In particular, since this was a promotion test, they would have to suffer pressure from many nobles.
‘This is not a simple promotion. Students who have already dropped out will insist on fairness as well.’
In that sense, the instructors’ questions were understandable, but Alpheas shouted in outrage.
“Are you all really asking that right now?! Halt the exam immediately and signal the participants to stop!”
Thadd, who came down to the ground with a boom from teleporting, frowned and headed towards the engine room.
“Whoever it is, if I catch you…”
‘For the prestigious Alpheas Magic Academy to have an engine system malfunction… It’s probably a mistake done by staff.’
He roughly twisted the door to the engine room.
“Huh?”
The door was locked.
Thinking that maybe this whole thing was not a mistake, his eyes turned hard.
“Oh, so you want a piece of me?”
While he held up his right hand that held a big fireball, he felt the inside of the room with his Spirit Zone.
‘What?’
Someone had their back against the iron door.
If he released his fireball like this, it would put that person in danger, so he first sent a warning.
“Open the door. Now. I’m going to cast Fire Strike. If you don’t open the door, you’ll die.”
“I don’t care. In fact, please do it.”
“You… Are you Maria?”
Although Thadd had never been her instructor, she had entered the academy while he was in the Advanced class.
“It is Maria, isn’t it? What are you doing? The promotion exam’s a mess. This has turned into a huge problem.”
“I’m sorry. I troubled everyone once again.”
“First, let’s talk face-to-face.”
“Mr. Thadd, am I going to be expelled? Will I go to jail?”
“No, Maria. I don’t know what your circumstances are, but I’ll listen.”
Come and read on our website wuxia worldsite. Thanks
“I don’t think I was thinking straight. I only came to my senses after I did everything. I must’ve gone mad. I’m sorry…”
“So open the door. I don’t want to use harsh methods.”
“But the thing is… I don’t want to live, Mr. Thadd. What should I do?”
Hearing Maria’s cry, Thadd quietly put out the flame in the palm of his hand.
He no longer thought of turning off the engine system to turn the promotion exam back to normal. He knew it was going to get canceled anyway and that the students would be fine.
‘Maria Earlin.’
What kind of a student was she?
A quiet, timid child whose name had never once appeared on any paperwork at the academy.
“All right, I understand.”
[Translator – Anwen]
Join our discord for updates on releases!
Thadd scratched his head and turned his back. He just leaned against the railing as if to say he didn’t want to think further.
“If you don’t want to come out, don’t.”
Maria did not answer.
However, the fact that he didn’t try to turn the handle and start yelling at her calmed her a little.
Amidst the silence, Thadd looked up at the sky.
‘Still the same.’
The blue sky of the Alpheas Magic Academy that he so hated during his academy life.
“Mr. Thadd.”
“…Yes?”
“You hate me, right?”
“Don’t you know? I don’t hate girls.”
“Why is the world so unfair?”
“Why? Cases where someone is born as pretty as you are rare. You’re not lacking in any way.”
“You, someone who’s called a genius mage, wouldn’t know what it means to have no talent. Even if I do my best, despair is always waiting for me ahead. It feels like anything I do just… goes down the drain. Nothing feels like it’s working, I can’t seem to do anything. Do you know what that feels like? Do you know how daunting that is?”
“…Of course. I know that feeling very much.”
Maria turned her head toward the iron door.
“You do?”
“I graduated when I was 22, so it’s already been four years since I’ve become an instructor. When you entered the academy, I must have been in the Advanced class. You know I’m a graduate from here, right?”
“Yes.”
“Then do a bit of thinking. Have you ever heard of a student named Thadd attending this academy?”
Now that she thought about it, she couldn’t remember a single time she heard his name during his time as a student.
Shirone was an outlier as he was the topic of the students’ gossip as soon as he entered the academy.
“No, never.”
“And that makes perfect sense. My grades were low, I didn’t have any talent, and in addition to that, I wasn’t from a big, rich family. In fact, I used to always go start fights outside of the academy.”
“You did?”
“Yeah. It took me an average of two years to go up a class. Hell, when I got into the Advanced Class, it started taking me three. Though, I know things are a little different for you.”
Thadd continued while imagining Maria sulking.
“But aren’t our situations quite similar? Unless you are the best period, everyone is bound to fail or be defeated someday. The same principle applies to me. I had gotten into the Advanced Class, but I flunked my classes every time without fail.”
“But how…”
“How did I become who I am now? It’s all luck. Luck. I met a wicked mage who yelled and scolded me. You know, I convinced myself that I was doing my best, but compared to others, that ‘best’ was nothing. And struggling to defeat someone was something I got sick of. But one day, that same wicked mage, told me this…”
Thadd recalled that time.
“To dream of success while not having the courage to give up something in order to achieve it is arrogance.”
Maria kept silent, but a lot of thoughts were going through her head.
“Maria, you don’t need to compete. You don’t always have to win over someone. If you like magic, there you go. That’s all you need. There are people in this world who don’t wish to compete with anyone. Like me. While it may be a tougher path than the one most tread, you have the courage to take that path. It’s something you can do.”
‘Something I can do…’
Maria asked.
“What kind of person was he? The mage that scolded you?”
“He’s someone you’re very familiar with. The headmaster of the Alpheas Magic Academy.”
“Really? The Headmaster?”
Thadd’s eyes dimmed at the memory.
“Yes. From that day on, I became his full-time student and received private tutoring. It was a great privilege. Well, thanks to that, my life worked out for the best. Doesn’t that explain why a dirtbag like me gets called a genius? It’s because I was taught by a man whose name is known all around the continent. How’s that? Jealous yet? Life is all about luck. Hahaha!”
Maria once again felt blue.
“So, what I’m really trying to say is, the world isn’t fair. Some people are born with talent while most aren’t. Some, whether it’s because they’re dim-witted or laid-back, jump into any competition. Some just work their butts off. But for someone like me who has no talent or anything like it for that matter, sometimes, very occasionally, a miracle happens. That’s why I find life worth living.”
Thadd rose from his seat and turned around.
“What do you think, Maria? Wouldn’t ending things here be a waste and an affront to the effort you put in to get this far? How about trying just a little bit more?”
Maria dug her face into her knees.
“What more are you saying I should do? That miracle you mentioned… I don’t even know if it will ever come… Like, what if it never comes? Then what would happen to me?”
“What are you saying, Maria?”
Thadd spoke with his hand against the iron door.
“The miracle you’re looking for? You’re looking right at it.”
Maria’s face scrunched up.
“Heuk…”
Perhaps those were the words she’d been hoping to hear her entire life. Warm tears dripped down her face.
“Can you trust me and try one more time? I’ll help you become an outstanding mage.”
“Really? You think I can do it?”
“Of course. Talent isn’t being good at something. It’s having the heart to love that something so much your body devotes every facet of its being into it. That heart makes everything possible. Maria, you’re an excellent student.”
Maria started sobbing.
She, who was pouring out her emotions, suddenly realized and opened the iron door.
“Mr. Thadd, quickly, the system…!”
“It’s already too late. When I got here, an Illumination magic flashed. The promotion exam is canceled.”
“Th-Then…”
“The situation has gotten a little complicated, but I’ll take care of it.”
At that moment, a person suddenly appeared in front of them. It was Siena.
“Mr. Thadd! What in the world are you doing?”
“Ms. Siena?”
She first glared daggers at him, but after seeing Maria, her face was full of shock.
Thadd questioned.
“Why? The exam is already over. More than that, the person responsible for this incident…”
“It’s not over!”
“What?”
“Both of them did not give up. I’m saying the competition is still ongoing!”
Was that even possible?
Level 10 of the Bridge That Cannot Be Crossed was a practice assignment for the Advanced Class.
Of course, it was not an assignment that those in the Advanced Class really worried about, but for the two who were in Class 7, completing it was nigh impossible.
“AH! F*ck!”
Thadd, who grasped the magnitude of the situation, was about to turn to the engine room, but a flash caused by Spatial Warp turned up near them.
Ethella rushed over.
“Instructors! Something big happened!”
Seeing her pale face, Siena asked while trying to hide her anxiety.
“What happened?”
Ethella shouted.
“Shirone, Shirone is…!”
Join our discord for updates on releases!

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-360.txt
=============YYYYY=============
[360] Magic Association (6)
Sirone caught a carriage to the Magic Association. He was still tingling in the head from how many honey chestnuts he had been hit.
Flew sneered and said as she pouted her lips as she cradled the metal box in her arms.
“what? Do you feel bad about getting hit? So who would jump into the scene without permission? Do you know what the matter is? Using magic by someone without a wizard license is against the laws of the kingdom.”
“I’m sorry about that. But people almost died.”
Flew couldn’t argue with that either.
“Hmph, that’s that and this is this. You were determined to take responsibility anyway. Then don’t mumble.”
Since it was true, Sirone kept her mouth shut. Most of all, the terror I experienced today completely changed the image of Baska that I had so far.
“I’ve heard about Radum.”
Flew, who had been looking out the window with his chin on his chin, looked away.
“My classmates from school used to live there. They said it was a terrible place.”
“Hmm, yes. Because the residents of Radum are banned from economic activities.”
“Why does the kingdom just leave such a place unattended? Terrorism is obviously bad, but can’t we find a more peaceful solution?”
Flew was silent for a long time before opening his mouth.
“you… … Do you know what happens when there are no trash cans in the house?”
“yes? A trash can?”
“Eventually, the whole house becomes a trash can. But in reality, it’s always clean because there are trash cans. Radum is such a place. The capital’s garbage cans. They don’t do anything productive, but they are valuable just for being there. That’s why even nobles can’t get rid of it.”
“But that… … .”
“I know what you’re thinking, but don’t bother talking. Beliefs are not something that can be forced. If you have a certain belief, you just have to achieve it yourself.”
Sirone bowed his head sullenly. It seemed that discussing an ideal that could not be practiced was not applicable in the world of professionals.
“However, today’s events will make politicians think a little differently.”
Sirone raised her head again.
“Bat imitation is a unique ability of vampires. However, cases of manifestation in broad daylight have not yet been reported in the academic world. Something is changing within Radum. Whether it’s species improvement, or fusion… … .”
It was definitely a possibility.
Radum is an area inhabited by numerous sub-species who have fled from the continent. If living organisms can be experimented on, there is no better place for experimentation than this.
Sirone turned his head out the window. The scenery of the capital was splendid no different from when I first came. But now there was a shadow in his eyes too.
light and darkness. That too would be a law determined by each other referring to each other. However, Sirone did not know which came first.
* * *
After crossing the main gate of the Magic Association, Fleur looked back at Sirone.
“I’ll report back, so go to the engine room and bring the stuff to the maintenance team. And stay still! Don’t leak anywhere else!”
Apart from running errands, I’ve never been anywhere else. However, Sirone also turned away, thinking that it would be like that now. I was cautious in walking to the engine room, fearing that any items might be damaged.
Fortunately, the maintenance team inspected the item and determined that there was nothing wrong with it.
Fleur arrived in front of Sirone, who let out a sigh of relief and left the engine room. His expression became colder than before, as if he had heard what he was saying to his superior.
“Hey, the report is over… … !”
“Ugh, really!”
Fleur slammed Sirone in the head.
“ouch! Why do you keep hitting me on the head!”
Sirone had been patient enough, so he widened his eyes and got angry.
“I can’t live because of you! Do you know how much I struggled to stop this incident? Learn to be proud of yourself even if you don’t have a license!”
“I’m not bragging, but a person dies, so what do I do?”
“shut up! More than anything else, rumors spread that you came to the Association! This is a really serious problem. I think the president of the association wanted to meet you quietly, but I don’t know, now!”
Sirone was also sorry about that.
“If you regret it now, it can’t be helped.”
“aha? It’ll stop when you go back, right? He was really determined to kill me! Follow me!”
Fleur grabbed Sirone by the ear and dragged her to the inn. Slamming her door open, she shoved Sirone as if she were being thrown into her prison cell, then pointed at her and yelled.
“Don’t take a step forward! I mean, she’ll stay dead until she calms down.”
Sirone touched her tingling ear and frowned.
“Isn’t that too much? When to run errands?”
“I said out loud that this was good until the end… … !”
Just as Fleur was about to shout a second time, Gando’s voice was heard from the hallway.
“Flu, what’s up?”
Fleur turned her head away with a look of regret.
“Gando-sama, this little boy… … .”
Flew’s body froze as the words snapped. Two people were following behind Gando, who was approaching with a worried expression.
Kang Nan, the chief secretary of the Magic Association.
And the person with the black fur coat over his shoulder was Mikea Gaold.
The moment he saw Gaold, Flew’s heart skipped a beat.
I knew you were returning today, but I didn’t even expect to see you here. Since she took office, the number of times the president of the association has reached the third floor has been counted on her hand.
‘Why are you here… … ?’
He would have taken Sirone on his own if he gave instructions, but he started looking for him from the third floor upon his return.
Above all, it was before he had to fix the mistake Sirone had made. The fact that rumors of Sirone’s arrival spread to the Magic Association was unforgivable under any excuse.
Flew raised his head and shouted as his body remembered.
“army unit! attention!”
Gando rubbed his forehead and shook his head. Garold, on the other hand, raised the corners of her mouth in interest.
“Hehe, is it only my eyes that can’t see it? What troops should I prepare when there is no one?”
“ah… … sorry! Stop being nervous!”
Kang Nan removed his face from Gaold and asked.
“Have you been okay? On the way, I heard there was an incident a little while ago.”
Flew said, eyes wide open, thinking that it was finally here.
“ah! I have something to report. At the scene of the recent terror, Sirone accidentally… … .”
“doesn’t care.”
Gaold cut off his words in annoyance and walked past Flew. Flew’s face, still in an immobile posture, hardened like a stone statue.
Sirone looked up at Gaold and swallowed.
It was taller than I had imagined. He was the strongest wizard in the kingdom, who had been rumored to have been rumored to be there, and who had aroused even more intense curiosity after coming here. Perhaps it was an illusion, but his body seemed huge enough to touch the ceiling.
Gaold raised a corner of his mouth and said.
“Are you Sirone?”
*Episode 3. the strongest wizard
Sirone finally boarded the Magic Association elevator she had been waiting for. But he couldn’t like it openly because the atmosphere was strange. I had to press the button to go anywhere, but no one was moving.
Gaold put his hands behind his back and looked at the instrument panel with the floor number. Kang Nan was meditating in the corner, and Gando couldn’t hide his embarrassment as if Gaold’s side was burdensome.
‘Gaold-nim… … .’
In Fleur’s eyes, as she lowered her head, sadness and sadness coexisted.
Until now, I did my best not to tarnish the name of the Gaold Guards. But all her efforts are useless in front of the name Sirone.
Sirone’s name became known to the Association, and that fact must have reached the ears of the wizards who were keeping Gaold in check. Above all, this project was a once-in-a-lifetime construction that Gaold had prepared for 20 years.
But Gaold said:
-doesn’t care.
Feeling infinitely shabby.
He had admired him since school days, and eventually joined the association and played for him for two years, but felt sorry for him that he was not worthy of Sirone, who was not even a formal magician.
Kang Nan opened his eyes and walked towards the panel.
“Then, I will go down.”
Sirone put on a puzzled expression.
‘I’m going down?’
This is on the 3rd floor, so if you go down there is only 1st floor. I’m not going to take the elevator to the second floor.
Kang Nan took out the key, opened the board, and put his fingerprint on the glass plate. A thin light came on as it scanned, and the internal mechanism was ejected. It was a panel with a total of 36 buttons, six horizontally and six vertically.
Kang Nan took a deep breath and entered 24 patterns.
When approval was given, a woman’s guidance voice came from the ceiling.
-Go to the 10th basement floor. This is a Level 1 security area.
Gando and Fleur came to notice Gaold. Although he once rode the lift together, it was entirely up to Olde to decide how far he could accompany him.
“Hmm.”
Gaold didn’t care about that and looked at Sirone. Then he burst out laughing when he realized Sirone’s eyes were fixed on the panel.
“Are you curious?”
“yes? Ah yes. It’s my first time riding an elevator. Now I know that the password is locked.”
“Queue, you must have memorized it like a gentleman.”
“Oh no!”
Shirone, who hurriedly waved her hand, confessed after a while with a red face.
“yes. in fact… … .”
“ha ha ha! You are thorough! Well, if you’re a wizard, that’s how it should be. But it will be useless. Passwords change every day. Besides, what’s really important is that no one in the Society knows the password.”
Sirone tilted her head.
“Nobody knows? But just a little while ago, Mr. Kang Nan… … .”
“Yes, I entered the pattern correctly. But, even Gangnan doesn’t know what he pressed.”
Is that possible? Sirone asked himself.
“How could that be?”
“You store patterns in your unconscious, not your memory. It’s easy when you think of an instrument. If you practice the same song every day, your hands move before you think. It’s a similar principle. Kang Nan goes to a random password generator and looks at the pattern for about an hour each day. It’s important not to think about anything. Then I just press whatever my hand takes me to.”
Gaold pretended to press any button in the air.
“Of course, it is different from musical instruments, so training is required, but if you master the technique, it is more secure than any other encryption system. The more you try to be conscious, the harder it is to remember.”
Sirone stuck out his tongue at the security system that transcended common sense. Just looking at the fact that the cryptographic system, which could not be learned from books, was already applied to the association, one could see the association’s technological prowess.
‘Very excited. Can’t you see that the president of the association is doing good for you?’
Fleur, who had been listening to the conversation between the two, glared at Sirone viciously.
Even he himself had never exchanged more than a few words with Gaold. However, Sirone was not enough to take me to the first level security area, but kindly explained the secrets of the encryption system.
The elevator went down through the first floor and into complete darkness. It was a miscalculation to think of the distance as about 10 floors above ground just because it was 10 floors underground. The elevator went down for about a minute, and finally the door opened.
It was the first time for Flu and even Gando to come here, so I was naturally nervous. Waiting for Gaold and Gangnan to come down first, Flew looked around excitedly.
“Here… … ?”
It was a huge colossus. The ceiling was as high as the sky, and the interior without even a pillar expanded completely unrelated to the area of the Magic Association building.
Even Sirone, who had been to places outside of common sense, couldn’t help but be surprised at the scale of the basement. The temples and heavenly buildings seen in the space-time of the labyrinth were great, but the emptiness of this place gave another sense of pressure.
‘But why did you come here?’
It was unnecessarily spacious for a place for an interview.
When Sirone looked back at Gangnan, she raised her glasses and explained.
“This is the largest area in the Magic Association. Although it is an empty lot, its durability is beyond imagination because it is used as a bunker. Besides, it’s one of the few places that are free from the magic control device. It’s built for multiple purposes, but when it’s not on display, it’s mostly used to demonstrate secrecy magic.”
“okay.”
The Magic Association was the place where all magic in the kingdom was analyzed, so at least one space like this had to exist.
Then, realizing that, Sirone looked back at Gaold with a surprised expression.
“Are you demonstrating magic?”
When Gaold looked back with a smile on his face, Sirone shook his shoulders.
His speculation heated the air in the bunker. He had become a completely different person from when he saw him from the lift.
—————————————

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-361.txt
=============YYYYY=============
[361] Magic Association (7)
“okay. that’s why you came here Then once… … huh?”
Gaold looked back at Gando and Fleur, who stood like borrowed sacks of barley. After thinking for a while, he said in a puzzled voice.
“Why are you here? Don’t you know it’s a level 1 security area?”
“Ah, that… … .”
When Jiandao hesitated, Kangnan let out a sigh.
‘Memory gone again.’
Sirone is a key resource that can bring significant changes to this project. Even if he didn’t show it, he could tell that Gaold was also quite agitated.
“go back. We have something to do quietly.”
“all right.”
As Gaold waved his hands as if chasing flying flies, Gando shyly walked to the lift. There was no way that even Gra, who was in charge of Gaold’s bodyguards, would not follow the instructions.
But Flew remained in place.
‘I was always by your side. The president of the association brought you here, right?’
I know Gaold is losing his memory, but that hasn’t eased my feelings. In fact, isn’t Sirone, whom she first met just 10 minutes ago, still lingering in her head?
“Flu, what are you doing? Let’s go up.”
Gando spoke in a worried voice, but Fleur insisted.
For more than two years, he claimed to be a member of the Gaold Guard and performed numerous missions. He can’t do this to himself.
“Please stay here.”
Gaold, who was walking towards Sirone, stopped abruptly. As he slowly turned his head, something abnormal hovered silently in his eyes.
“just now… … What did you say?”
Flew screamed even louder as he sighed.
“Please stay here! We are also subordinates to assist Gaold-nim!”
Gando shook Fleur’s shoulder with a pale face.
“What’s wrong, Fleur? Are you crazy?”
It wasn’t that I was standing there calmly because it was a flue. Her heartbeat reached her ribs, and her terrified eyes turned to the ceiling, avoiding Gaold’s gaze.
“Cheuk, kuk, kuk.”
Kneeling, Gaold crouched like a beast spying on its prey. A heat haze rose from her shoulders and top of her head as if the air was heating up.
“Flu.”
“yes yes!”
“Since I became the president of the Magic Association, I have never been involved in an assault case. Do you know what the reason is?”
Flew slowly lowered his gaze to Gaold. When I saw his face with the grotesque tearing of his mouth, fear struck me as if my heart stopped.
“One hit and they all die.”
Gando was startled and backed away.
‘this! It started.’
Flew’s vision darkened and he saw a hellish landscape of brimstone fires. The horrible screams of the hungry ghost gnawed at my brain, enough to make me want to rip off my ears.
“Uh, uh… … .”
Flew’s pupils curled upwards of their own accord. His knees trembled like a dog being poked with a stick, and the flowing tears soaked his face as hot as blood.
‘Oh, I’m scared… … !’
I felt like I would do anything to escape this moment. But it was a betrayal of Gaold. Everything about her collapses in an instant.
“Huh! Whoops!”
Flew closed her eyes tightly and shouted with all her might.
“I respect you!”
At the same time, the scenery of hell disappeared.
But her soul, which flew far away, still did not think of returning. In her trance, her words sprang out at will.
“I respect you! I’ve admired it since I started learning magic! I can do anything for the president of the association. So please let me stay here!”
‘Flu… … .’
Gando looked at his direct subordinate with pitiful eyes.
Gaold is a man who has gone too far to be the goal of life. It was not easy to suppress the trembling when standing in front of him, even for himself, a certified 4th grader.
But this time, for the sake of his beloved subordinate, he mustered up the courage to take a step forward.
“Me too, please! Please do not doubt our resolve!”
Gando stopped beside Fleur and bowed.
Gaold stared at the two of them, lost in thought. But in reality he was not thinking at all.
“Then whatever.”
Gando’s face went blank as he consented so easily that he collapsed. Flew still didn’t understand the situation and only sniffed his snot.
Kang Nan clicked his tongue in annoyance.
‘anyway… … That’s why I’m called crazy.’
Gaold is not bound by anything. We only act according to the emotions of the moment.
It was only natural that his brain’s memory had gone bad, but the reason he was still alive without being stabbed was because no one in the kingdom of Tormia could harm him.
Gaold walked to the center of the bunker, took out a cigar from a distance facing Sirone, and lit it. Smoke escaped like a ghost through her parted lips.
“Yes, the fact that Gangnan brought him must mean that he saw the potential. From now on, I will judge for myself. If it meets my criteria, we might be on good terms.”
It would be hard to feel good if the evaluation was done without hesitation, but it was not an unacceptable line if the president of the association was put on the line.
The only disturbing thing was what he had done to Flew a moment ago. What had happened to her, who had always been full of her confidence, sobbing with her fear?
‘Are you really okay? He seems a bit strange.’
When he didn’t hear an answer, Gaold said amusedly.
“It is not forced. We don’t need a weak will. If you don’t like it, go back now.”
“If it’s an evaluation, what do you evaluate?”
“I have only one hope for you. Let’s see Ataraxia.”
It was as Sirone expected. If a certified first-class archmage found himself only a student, he could only see that he was interested in Ataraxia.
“Do it at full power. It’s an opportunity that won’t come again in your life.”
‘Maximum output?’
At first I didn’t understand what you meant. Then, when he encountered the speculation rising from Old’s body, his anxious thoughts flashed through his mind.
“no way… … Shoot?”
“okay. Whatever it is, show your best organs.”
Sirone’s face turned into an embarrassment.
In his opinion, Ataraxia is siege magic. It’s not worth casting on people unless you really intend to kill them.
“But this isn’t even two thousand.”
“of course. that’s why you brought Because the true value of magic is the most accurate way to confirm it with your body.”
Only now did I realize it clearly. Gaold is crazy. How could you make such a demand if you did not intend to turn a man into a murderer?
“It is too dangerous. The president of the association may get hurt.”
Gaold narrowed his eyes, blew out a cigarette, and burst into laughter.
“Puhahaha! This is the funniest joke in recent times. A kid with no hair underneath.”
Shirone’s face turned red, and she cried. Regardless of the authenticity of the joke, it was a complete disparagement.
Of course, Gaold is the strongest wizard in Tormia. But ataraxia was also an archangel’s ability.
“I mean it. Maybe even die.”
Gaold waved his hands as if brushing away the remnants of laughter.
“Ah, yes yes. Then, from that moment on, you are the president of the Magic Association. The people here are the witnesses. how is it? Is it a super-fast promotion?”
‘I’m not even listening.’
Sirone opened his eyes wide and focused. Seeing what ataraxia is with your own eyes will change your mind.
A point of starlight born in the air drew a circle while drawing a curve.
The moment Halo was born, Flew’s forehead wrinkled. An intense pain pierced his temple.
‘This is the materialization of Halo, Immortal Function.’
I heard that the more sensitive the sensitivity, the stronger the impact. As expected, Gando squinted one eye and exhaled, perhaps feeling considerable pain.
On the other hand, Kang Nan checked the time with a calm expression. Ga Old also sucked on a cigar to make her cheeks look slimmer, then put her mouth together and made a donut out of the smoke. It was as if it couldn’t be done this fast.
‘It’s real, this guy… … .’
It was the first time I met someone who could be completely free in Halo.
Having calmed down her excitement, Sirone decided to go out a little further.
Upon integrating Ataraxia, the colors began to construct concepts that transcended the human knowledge base as flashes of light struck from the front.
“wow… … .”
Fleur’s mouth fell open.
Ataraxia, which I had only heard about through rumors. I knew it was an archangel’s ability, but I just wanted to know how amazing the magic a student cast was. But even she, who graduated from the Royal School of Witchcraft and Wizardry at the top of her class, couldn’t understand even 10 percent of the concept of being integrated into Halo.
‘How could that be? How many replacement batteries will it take?’
Ataraxia is complete. As the hundreds of small magic circles spun like gears and radiated light, Gaold looked back at the intensity.
“how is it?”
Kang Nan looked at the pocket watch in his hand.
“One minute and two seconds.”
“Hmm, it’s a little shorter than before.”
Pak! Gaold flicked out his cigar, and sparks exploded like fireworks, sending the tail of the cigar to the wall. Grabbing one of his legs behind him, he slowly lowered his stance, facing Shirone with an oblique angle.
“Then shall we begin? Come in.”
The moment Gaold took his stance, Bunker’s temperament changed. If wizards were omnipotent in the Spirit Zone, everything here was controlled by Gaold’s will.
Even so, Sirone was conflicted. Ataraxia belongs to the trigger type of magic. Once he passed the photon cannon, there was nothing he could control.
Kang Nan’s voice was heard in his ears.
“Sirone, I would have told you. This is a transnational issue.”
Sirone was still looking at Gaold.
“I can’t go into details yet, but we are serious too. If that’s your belief, you can go back now. But if you are bound by the moral code, know that that too is presumptuous.”
“Whoa!”
Sirone let out a deep breath as if to let out his thoughts. There was no way out now. The only thing he could do was to bet on the title of first-class archmage.
“let’s begin.”
When Sirone opened her eyes, a photon was born with a popping sound in front of her. The more the mass was concentrated, the louder the voice in the heart became, but he resolutely ignored all sounds and increased its power.
‘From now on, I can’t control myself.’
Sirone sent out a photon cannon while biting her molars.
As the sphere of light passed through Ataraxia, the bunker turned white.
As a result, Fleur’s mind also went white. A tidal wave of enormous mass. It felt like being thrown in front of the phenomena of a transcendental world untouched by humans.
bang!
An intense blasting sound broke through the roar of flashes.
As the atmospheric pressure in the bunker increased explosively, the energy of the photon cannon was compressed in front of Gaold’s palm. It was the best defensive magic in the Air series, the Bakum Press that only Gaold could use.
“Uh, how… … ?”
Sirone couldn’t believe it even after seeing it with his own eyes.
It was neither sustained nor avoided. Literally took the photon cannon by hand.
The photon cannon, already depleted of energy, floated in Gaold’s palm. When he clenched his fist, he made a small pop and disappeared in vain.
Gaold looked back at Sirone and said with a smile.
“It is inconsistent.”
Silence passed. No one in the bunker could speak.
‘fail? I?’
Sirone realized belatedly that he hadn’t even thought about not being able to pass the exam in the first place. He just hoped that no one would get hurt with Ataraxia.
Gaold threw the wind-blown coat over his shoulder and walked towards the elevator.
“Kangnan, you are right. That guy is useless. send it back.”
—————————————

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-362.txt
=============YYYYY=============
[362] Magic Association (8)
All the wizards in the bunker walked to the lift.
Sirone didn’t understand what the situation was like now. Why is it inconsistent? Even if he blocked the photon cannon, it was Gaold’s greatness, not his own ugliness.
‘Isn’t this enough power?’
No, what level had Gaold been demanding of himself from the beginning?
“President of the association.”
Everyone waiting for the elevator to come down turned their heads to Sirone.
“Give me one more chance.”
Flew snorted in embarrassment. How dare you ask a first-class archmage for a second chance. He was more than audacious and it was clear he had no respect for the Association.
But this time, she didn’t have to step out. Gaold was walking towards Sirone with cold eyes.
His thoughts were the same as the flu. Toys that lost their play value were trash.
“Are you misunderstanding something? this is not the place for you I’m here to test the quality of being my tool. But you didn’t even get through that.”
Sirone also admitted that he was wrong.
“I won’t ask you to treat me the same as before. If you give me a chance, it doesn’t matter if it’s a real match. So give me another chance to demonstrate.”
The emotion faded from Gaold’s face. All that was left was a cool life.
He is not an authoritative person. But he wasn’t even good enough to accept the treatment of an unbecoming kid.
“May I attack? I mean, do you want to stick with me?”
“It’s not that we stick together… … .”
“shut up.”
As lifeblood erupted from Gaold, Sirone’s vision was blocked. Then, a curtain of fire engulfed all around, and a sea of fire spread all over it.
Even though I knew it was a hallucination, I felt like I was burning my flesh with the heat. The sounds of pain, screaming, and lamentation filled her head, and she was unable to think.
Guessing Sirone’s condition, Fleur’s face turned pale.
‘It was a big deal. I really intend to kill you.’
Those who fall into Gaold’s self-denial, the great heat hell, are crushed by terrible fear and their minds are destroyed. It was a terrifying ability that, over time, could suffocate and kill a person with just emotions.
However, Sirone was not consumed by fear. He didn’t shed a tear, and his knees didn’t tremble. He was just calmly looking at the great heat of hell.
“Uh, how… … ?”
Fleur couldn’t accept Sirone’s calmness. Could it be that it is not a great heat hell? But Gaold’s grotesque face was no different from when he terrified himself.
‘This is what Mr. Flew suffered. He’s terrifying.’
Sirone even turned her head to look at her surroundings. Then, thinking that the tour of hell was enough, I stared at the front again.
His eyes pierced the front. Although he couldn’t see it with his eyes, Gaold was supposed to be standing in the real space.
‘Mikea Gaold… … .’
When I heard about it from Flew, I thought he was just an exceptionally strong wizard. However, looking at the hell spread out in front of him, he could guess what kind of life he had lived and how far he had fallen.
Sirone closed her eyes and put her thoughts together. Even if something other than hell is unfolding before your eyes, the incarnation defined by the perfect law will not be shaken.
Sirone’s eyes widened. The sea of fire split into left and right sides, and in an instant, hell disappeared. Then I saw Gaold’s face, revealing the whites and laughing like a monster.
“Quack, heck, heck.”
Gaold let out a throat-scratching laugh and shrugged his shoulders. Then, looking at Sirone with her burning eyes, she said.
“Beyond the mind.”
He seemed to know why Kang Nan, who was pessimistic about this incident, had brought Sirone. Although he did not know his immediate skills, his talent was a material that could definitely go first-class.
“Spirit transcendence? Are you eighteen now?”
Gando muttered with a shocked face.
Flu was equally as absurd. She knows what mental transcendence is. However, the deeper she dug, the more vague concepts she didn’t know were drawn rather than enlightenment.
“Hmm.”
Gaold stroked his chin and thought.
The reason I thought of including Sirone in the project wasn’t because she was strong. Currently, those who are stronger than Sirone are widely spread throughout the world. But the idea is definitely genius.
A battery with a unique mass endowment among Unlockers. Numerous practical magics that follow from there.
Sirone is a lumber that can add genius to the team he organizes. His talent for finding breakthroughs in any situation becomes a key code that can create variables in adverse situations.
In that sense, returning the mind of a first-class archmage was also a talent.
“You want to go to practice? Do you know what that means?”
“yes. I know you’re not the kind of person to be moderate. It’s okay to die.”
Gando was worried about Sirone’s beating. A mage could easily speak of death. However, in a situation where one must die, no magician would say such a thing.
“good night. But let’s ask one thing first.”
said Gaold, his eyes widening.
“Why do you want to die?”
Sirone shut his mouth.
Perhaps he is the only one who sees even a little bit of the possibility of life in this place. That fact made my body tremble like the chill of a winter night.
Gaold changed the question slightly.
“So I mean… … what are you imagining? What conclusion did you reach? Do you know why I called you? You don’t know anything, do you think that something important enough to risk your life is behind me?”
“I don’t know anything. But I guess.”
“Hoo? for example?”
Sirone remembered the face of Archangel Ikael. He was a warm and kind angel. However, he was once also an archangel powerful enough to destroy Kergo Ruins.
why is she… … Did she entrust the future to herself?
“For once, there is someone you must meet.”
The first thing I thought of was after going through something in Kazura Kingdom. To be precise, from when Guffin’s security device was unlocked.
Behemoth, who knew the answer, disappeared along with mental transcendence, but the question engraved in his mind was still haunting him. That’s why he must meet Ichael.
Sirone’s answer did not fit into the options Gaold expected. Though he felt that he was an interesting child, he felt that he should not let things go. He doesn’t like talkative people.
“Are you saying you want to use the Association for your personal business?”
Sirone did not answer. Gaold’s question was emotional, and that’s why it missed the point. He didn’t need words for questions he didn’t need to answer.
Gaold turned around as if that was enough.
“Okay, I’ll give you one last chance. The break is one hour.”
After casting Ataraxia, his mental strength must have been quite exhausted.
However, Sirone shook her head. There was something more useful than restoring one’s sanity if the other party would provide convenience.
“it’s okay. Instead, there are other conditions.”
Sirone took out Armand from her waist.
“Please allow me to use the Keumgang Armament. I think there should be an advantage to this level.”
Gaold looked at the sword in Sirone’s hand. The object called <Demonic Sword Armand> was already known even before it fell into Sirone’s hands.
“I thought you were a less-than-sophisticated guy, but you seem to be grasping the subject.”
Doing my best even though I know I can’t win means that I risked my life and death this time. It wasn’t a bad suggestion for Gaold either, since it would save time anyway.
“However, hearing only one object does not change anything. So let’s set the rules.”
Gaold compressed the air over his palms. Transparent spheres flickered as the density increased.
“As you can see, what I use is air magic that anyone can learn. Among them, the press series. I’m not good at magic, so I don’t know anything complicated. I’m just here because I’m a little stronger than the others.”
A bitter smile formed on Sirone’s lips. If the magician who could block Ataraxia with one hand had a little more power, all the magicians in the world would have to be said to be dead.
Gaold clenched his fists, and air bubbles burst with a pop.
“Anyway, here are the rules. I’m going to get ataraxia once again with the bakum press. The difference from before is that it only casts attack magic on you once.”
Gaold pointed his index and middle fingers at Sirone. A small bubble of air formed on the tip of my finger.
“As you can see, the magic that will attack you is an air gun. The principle is simple. It compresses the air and releases it. Will this be enough for 10,000 presses? I don’t know.”
Gaold’s arm bounced up quickly. The air bubbles that had been compressed with tremendous force exploded, and an eardrum-shattering roar was heard.
The air gun that passed by Sirone landed at the end of the bunker. Until then, Sirone wasn’t even aware that something had passed. My ears were just ringing. Then he felt a vibration and slowly looked back.
A huge circle dented in the center of where the air gun struck, and cracks stretched out in all directions.
The radius of the crack was approximately 20 meters in diameter. Also, I couldn’t confirm it, but the size of the air gun was probably no more than 2cm in diameter.
Sirone couldn’t even blink and looked back blankly. He was waving his hand from which he had fired the air gun, and Old was laughing.
“Well, it’s a child’s play magic, but it’ll sting a little if you get hit.”
it stings? Even the Geumgang Armed Forces, equipped with the best defensive posture, were instantly killed the moment they were hit. However, it didn’t sound like a joke because it came from the mouth of a first-class archmage.
“anyway. Try your best.”
Sirone’s lips trembled as he smiled.
He’s a strong enough person to be afraid of, but on the other hand, that’s why I wanted to challenge him.
When the Photon Cannon is fired with the four combinations of Armand’s magical power amplification, immortal function, mental transcendence, and ataraxia, how far can its power soar?
“Geumgang Armed Forces.”
Standing upright, Armand swallowed Sirone, and the transformation ended in an instant. His cybernetic body whirled around and landed on Shirone’s shoulder.
“let’s begin.”
Despite Sirone’s changed appearance, Gaold was relaxed. He wiggled his fingers while maintaining the shape of the air gun. Then, as if being dragged, Sirone attacked.
Halo was already drawn where he was standing. Thanks to the time-sharing ability of others, Ataraxia began to accumulate faster than before.
‘It’s a division operation. It’s pretty fast too. If this is enough, I’ll cut off 50 invitations, right?’
Sirone created a blade made of bone from her gauntlet and wielded it. However, Garold still kept an eye on Ataraxia and shook only his upper body to evade all attacks.
‘You can’t win with brute force either. The actual experience is different.’
Sirone pushed desperately. The bunker was so wide that it was a loss to stick tentacles into it. However, to that extent, Armand’s physical augmentation ability was maximized.
‘What are you doing?’
Fleur tilted her head.
Even though both of them were wizards, they were not casting magic. Gaold could only try the air gun once, so even so, it was strange that Sirone insisted on hand-to-hand combat.
“Why don’t you show your longevity? If it’s time-sharing, there’s one slot left, right? There might be a chance of winning if you fire attack magic continuously. The president of the Association cannot even use defensive magic.”
Gando said without taking his eyes off the battlefield.
“Because they’re both serious.”
“yes?”
Caught in tension, Gando had no time to continue his explanation.
Anyway, there is no meaning in the movement they are unfolding now. The match would eventually end in an instant.
‘perhaps… … Something completely unexpected could happen.’
—————————————

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-363.txt
=============YYYYY=============
[363] Magic Association (9)
Sirone blindly swung the blade and continued the offensive. Gaold, who was calmly dodging the attacks one by one, raised the corners of his mouth.
‘That’s correct. You got the first one right.’
Sirone isn’t sparing her magic, she’s not using it. Gaold only had one chance to attack. However, that once would kill Sirone with a probability close to 100%.
‘No attack magic! First of all, I have to block it unconditionally!’
If Gaold was sincere, there was no way he would wait for Ataraxia to be completed. must die before that. Therefore, all attacks were in vain. Instead, he focused all his attention on Gaold’s reaction.
‘When? When is it?’
Time-sharing can complete two batteries at the same time, but there was no room to mount Photon Cannons in the remaining slots except for Ataraxia. Air guns should be avoided. Failure would only result in death.
‘… … I’m sure you’re thinking.’
It sounded like he could hear Sirone’s head rolling.
Of course, this is your best decision. If there was one misjudgment, it was that I thought the power and speed of the air gun would be the same as before.
‘Did you really think you could stop it? If that’s the case, it’s a bit unfortunate.’
Gaold had no intention of looking after Sirone’s circumstances. He gave me two chances, and even set a rule so that only one counterattack was allowed. If the balance was set to this extent, the matter of life and death would be entirely up to Sirone. What if you still can’t win? What can I do, he must die.
Right before Ataraxia was completed, Gaold held out his finger.
‘Goodbye, Sirone.’
At the same time, Armand, who had been waiting to respond to only one response, hit the ground with his tentacles and retreated.
But even that was already within Gaold’s expected range.
‘This will be on a different level.’
Gaold fired the air gun as soon as he compressed the air without giving him the same leeway as before. There was a sound like metal breaking, and air bullets flew at great speed.
Sirone couldn’t see, couldn’t feel. That is the limit of humans who cannot open their schema. But he had another way out: imagination.
It was Lee Ji-seonda’s choice that was designed in advance. If Gaold attacks before Ataraxia is completed, it means he will kill himself. Therefore, there was only one area to defend.
‘Amgu!’
A black sphere was born in front of Sirone’s face. It was a magic that could not be reached even through the Behemoth’s forced rebound, but a small gravitational field was generated when it was over-faced with the power of transcendence.
The air gun that had been flying towards my forehead was sucked into the darkness with a hiss.
He had a record of eating a ton of plants in Khazra, but Gaold’s air gun was on a different level. The black orb, unable to handle the energy, exploded in front of Sirone’s eyes, creating a shock wave.
“Keugh!”
Armand’s robe hardened in an instant to protect the owner. Blown away by the shock, Sirone jumped to the side, sticking his tentacles into the ground. Ataraxia, which had been completed before I knew it, was emitting a brilliant light.
‘Magic boost!’
Sirone held out both hands and focused on the two magic power amplifiers in her palms. As the powerful Photon Cannon was born, it created small bubbles of light like water droplets around it.
‘Immortal function here!’
The photon cannon rapidly expanded, pushing air in all directions. As the golden-yellow light oscillated in a disorderly manner, afterimages were formed on the retinas of those watching.
‘Beyond the mind!’
When the mass was given to the limit, the mass of photons the size of a human torso shook so intensely that it could be seen with the naked eye. The noise of the mass spinning wildly was louder than the sound of thunder.
Fleur’s face went white.
According to the rules, Gaold can no longer attack Sirone. On the contrary, Sirone’s Photon Cannon was so powerful that it couldn’t be compared to the first cast.
‘How can light be compressed that much?’
Sirone frowned even more as if he was still not satisfied.
‘A little more! little bit more… … !’
Anyway, Gaold can’t attack himself. Dodge, block, or both. If so, you should make it impossible to avoid.
“Aaaaaaa!”
After pouring out everything available, a white orb reminiscent of a supernova was born. It is extremely amplified through ataraxia. Perhaps the entire bunker would be filled with energy.
Gaold muttered with a bitter smile.
“Damn it… … .”
Flash!
A huge wave of light pushed the entire radius.
Even Gangnan and the others standing behind Ataraxia turned their heads at the flash of light that burned their retinas. Even with my eyes closed, I could see the shape.
But Sirone could see. It was because Armand blocked 98 percent of the light entering the owner’s eyes.
Then, a scene like deja vu unfolded before my eyes. The edge of the light quickly tightened, and the unimaginable atmospheric pressure trapped the energy of the Photon Cannon in the Bakum Press.
“Great!”
Gaold frowned and tightened the Bakum press even harder. As the energy finally stabilized, it gathered into an orb of light smaller than the palm of my hand.
Sirone was stunned.
‘That person… … Are you really human?’
Gaold crouched like a beast, arms hanging down. His hair was bleached white without a single strand left. As he clenched his fists, the Bakum Press exploded and the Photon Cannons dissipated.
“Whoa. It was close.”
Sirone was not the only one surprised. Neither Flew nor Gando had ever seen Old’s hair bleached while assisting him.
Gaold stayed bent over for a long time. Then he turned to Shirone and smiled his eyes.
“… … Passed.”
“I passed out already.”
Kang Nan raised his glasses and entered the middle of the bunker.
Sirone was lying on the floor as if dead. Now, I don’t lose my mind to the extent that I made full use of Ataraxia, but anyone can see that this demonstration was the best shot.
“Geuk, you completely squeezed it out. well, good.”
Gaold brushed off his tingling arm a couple of times, then picked up the cord that had fallen on the floor and slung it over his shoulder.
Gangnan stared at Gaold’s hair, which had been leaking white. The Bakum press this time meant that Gaold was also sincere. so it’s passable
“You dye your hair. I’m already worn out, but I look older.”
“Leave it alone. will grow again Are you saying it’s fashionable to bleach your hair these days?”
“I heard that. But the face of the president of the association is not fashionable.”
“Hahaha!”
Raising his head and laughing heartily, Gaold headed for the elevator.
He pressed the button and turned to Fleur.
“Hey, kid.”
“yes yes!”
Flew, very nervous, responded, taking a posture.
I thought I knew a lot about Gaold during the two years I lived there, but I was wrong. Did he ever know that Old was not real?
Gaold pointed at the fallen Sirone with his chin and said.
“Take it and eat it. When you wake up, go up to my room.”
“yes! All right!”
That was all Gaold showed interest in Flew.
Flew looked at him sadly.
Crying, pouring tears and snot, shouting that I respect you. She was her biggest courage in her entire life. But she did not seem to arouse any emotion in Garold. No, maybe she had already been erased from her memory.
“Flu.”
Gando put his hand on Fleur’s shoulder and said.
“I won’t take Sirone.”
“Oh, no. Of course I have to.”
“Men are heavy. If you go up to the first floor, you can’t even use magic.”
Gando went into the bunker, put Sirone’s arm on her, and lifted her up. Then he skillfully turned his body back and put him on his back.
Gando’s voice reached Fleur’s ears after watching for a long time.
“That was great, Fleur.”
It didn’t take long for Gando’s words to be understood in his head. A thin smile was engraved on Fleur’s lips as she looked at Gando with teary eyes.
“thank you.”
worst project (1)
Sirone opened her eyes. Her head throbbed for a moment, but then she felt refreshed.
The place where he was lying was the recovery room of the Magic Association. The capsule, large enough for one adult, had a glass ceiling and soft cushions.
Sirone blinked a few times before the glass ceiling swung to the side. Flew’s shabby face came through the narrow field of vision.
“how is it? Are you okay?”
“Ah yes. What happened?”
“I lost consciousness in the bunker. It’s because you cast magic forcibly. From next time, increase the density even if it means reducing the spirit zone. It will prevent brain overload.”
Fleur’s voice was softer than before. It was awkward for her as a sirone, but she didn’t show it because she read the sadness in her eyes.
“thank you.”
Sirone raised his upper body.
The same capsules as the one he had been lying on were lined up. Most of the glass ceilings were open, but someone was sleeping in a corner.
Flew turned to him and said.
“It’s a duty officer. Sleep capsules increase mental activity. Don’t push yourself too hard though. It is not omnipotent.”
Sirone got out of the capsule and stretched. Her head was clear as if she had been in a deep sleep.
“How much time has passed?”
“2 hours. Surprisingly quick recovery. I was expecting about six hours.”
Sirone, confident in her mental endurance, satisfactorily warmed up. Then he slowly turned his gaze to look at Fleur. Unlike a few hours ago, I felt a strange sense of distance.
“excuse me… … .”
“Follow me. The president of the association is looking for you.”
Before he could speak, Flew walked towards the exit. Sirone followed her to her platform. As she waited for her lift, she checked her floor number.
“I’m telling you in case you didn’t hear, but you passed.”
I had no time to listen to Gaold because I passed out immediately after casting the photon cannon. However, seeing Fleur’s downcast appearance, he expected it to some extent.
“thank you.”
“You don’t have to thank me. You will go to heaven with the association president.”
Flew said what he knew.
Anyway, from now on Sirone would hear the highest level of secrecy that she would never have access to. She no longer had to watch her mouth.
“And we will be latecomers. Of course I am, but neither Gando nor Gaold can directly assist. It must be an operation of such a high level.”
Fleur turned to Sirone.
“I don’t know exactly what you’re trying to do. But Ga Old said it was a project he had dedicated his whole life to. If there are helpers, they’ll be the best wizards, and that’s why they’ll be a small elite. You are included in it.”
Realizing what Fleur meant, Sirone felt apologetic. Being able to do something with someone as strong as Gaold was the highest honor as a wizard.
“sorry. I didn’t mean to upset you.”
Ataraxia is a secret technique that Sirone risked her life to master. However, there were many wizards in the world who would throw away their lives as much as they could if they could raise their level. He was the reason why he couldn’t just say he was handsome.
Flew smiled and shook his head.
To be honest, I ignored Sirone with the same thoughts. It was a blow to her pride that she was chosen by an old man with a magic she had obtained from someone else.
However, after watching him fight Gaold in the bunker, his thoughts changed. Flo also could die for Old, but he didn’t have the guts to risk his life like Sirone.
“Don’t think like that. Because you deserve the approval of the association president.”
Hearing this from Flew was different from hearing it from anyone else. It was a short time, but the time when the shooter and the sub-shooter passed by like a kaleidoscope.
Sensing Sirone’s sweet eyes, Fleur stepped back with a disgusted expression. Her hastily regaining her former form, she pointed her finger as if striking an enemy force penetrating her defenses.
“But it’s still a long way off! I acknowledge the power of Ataraxia, but I need to refine it further to compensate for the risk. A real wizard must be able to respond to numerous anomalies.”
Sirone did not listen. Flew’s ability to subdue the vampires in Gold City was certainly outstanding enough to deserve the Magic Association’s employee card around his neck.
“yes. I’ll work hard, senior.”
“joy!”
The elevator door opened with a clear electronic sound.
—————————————

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-364.txt
=============YYYYY=============
[364] Worst Project (2)
Sirone arrived on the 18th floor. Any employee could come here, but crossing the door of the president’s office was a completely different matter.
Fleur said to Sirone, who stood in front of the door and took a deep breath.
“Listen. Beyond this door is the president of the association.”
Sirone turned to Fleur.
“What you hear here must never leak out. Because it is different from what I know. I won’t ask you anything in the future. So don’t be shy either.”
Sirone could feel Fleur’s determination. And he risked his life to get here too. I wondered what Ga Old would say, but at the same time I wanted him to be able to handle it.
Fleur knocked on the door in place of Sirone.
“Sirone is here.”
The door opened and Kang Nan showed his face. After looking outside her first, she turned to Shirone.
“You’re here. He recovered quickly.”
“yes. Thanks for caring.”
“come in. Flu goes down and does his business. great job.”
Flew wasn’t disappointed. From now on, it was no area for him to intervene.
“I just did what I had to do. then.”
After Fleur left, Kang Nan opened the door wide.
Garold, who had finished dyeing, was burying himself on an old sofa in the president’s office. The wallpaper smelled of acrid cigars.
“Are you here? sit down.”
After sitting across from Gaold, Kang Nan served tea.
nobody spoke up All three of them knew who should open the fire.
“The labyrinth… … .”
Gaold finally spoke.
“He is my schoolmate.”
“Yes, I know.”
“He was such a strange kid. No, should I say stupid? One day he said he could create life. So I asked him to try it, and he said he needed a cadaver.”
Gaold started the story from the maze. Sirone also pricked up her ears because she was as curious about the person named Miro as she was about Gaold.
“So I sneaked into the anatomy lab and took out the cadaver. Only tissue was harvested. Of course, if caught, she was expelled, but she didn’t care at all. Then she was taken to the lab and there was a fish tank on her table. Strange devices are placed next to it, and the hoses are tangled and stuck… … .”
Gaold floundered exaggeratedly as if he was too lazy to express himself.
“Yes, I think I know where it is.”
“They put all sorts of strange things in the tank. It was a very disgusting sight. So I said I would just go back, but they held on to me until the end. I have work to do. In the end, I was stranded and caught.”
I couldn’t believe that there was a time when Gaold, who seemed to overwhelm the world with just his eyes, was stuck in Miro. Just imagining it made me smile.
“So ready. Miro gave me a little cup. Then take the semen for a long time.”
“Cool! Cool!”
Coincidentally, while drinking tea, Sirone’s neck was choked.
“That, so… … Did you give it to me?”
“Am I crazy? Of course I shouted no and ran away, no, I left. But the next day, he said where did he get it from? He said he bought it. The experiment resumed. Boiling it made the water very disgusting. Miro called it primordial soup. i made a bet If anything comes out here, I’ll run to school wearing only my panties.”
Sirone smiled. It seemed that school life had not changed then or now.
“A month after the appointment, I went back to the lab. Miro was completely agitated and beside himself. I couldn’t understand What do you really think will come out of it? It was just that he was a very erratic kid, so he was just playing along.”
“haha! Yes.”
At that moment, the emotion disappeared from Gaold’s face.
“But there was.”
“… … yes?”
“The disgusting fluid had already dried up, and the tank was covered in sticky slime. And inside were living creatures I had never seen before.”
“I wonder if you brought it from somewhere… … .”
Gaold shook his head.
“no. I thought so too at first. But no matter what creature humans imagine, patterns based on knowledge will emerge. But that was completely different. It was a creature born in a truly unique environment.”
Sirone couldn’t believe it.
But Gaold’s eyes were sincere. Even after he became a first-class great wizard, his eyes still trembled in shock as he recalled the situation at the time.
“I’m sure you would have thought the same as me if you were there. A sense of heterogeneity felt from instinct, not from the head. The creature was completely different from us.”
“Mr. Miro… … How did you make it?”
Is it possible for humans to create life? Currently, the area that mankind has reached is only about Harvest, a magical creature with mobility. No one calls a harvest a creature.
“Miro kept quiet about it. He told me that today’s events should never be known. But now I have a vague idea. Miro is the greatest scale wizard in the world. If he is in the specific space he has created, he will be able to quickly turn back hundreds of millions of years.”
“Are you saying that primitive life evolved?”
“It could be. Anyway, that’s not what’s important. It doesn’t matter that I had to run through school in my underwear. Thanks to that, I was branded as a pervert.”
‘Those things don’t seem to matter.’
Sirone struggled to swallow the words that filled his throat.
Understanding Sirone’s feelings, Gaold smiled. Of course, that doesn’t mean that what I just said was a joke.
“Miro knew the creature wouldn’t live long. In the end, he died a week later. Miro cried a lot that day. If that’s the case, she’ll think why did she make it, but she was such a weirdo. She couldn’t catch the bell.”
Sirone nodded. Just from the anecdote Gaold told me, he was by no means an ordinary person.
“It’s not just living things. She was a creative genius. She created all sorts of unexpected inventions. How could she do that, she asked, and she said she could see it. When you hear the name of an object, the principle comes to mind.”
“name… … If you hear?”
There was one thing that popped into Sirone’s mind.
“okay. Maybe she has reached the Akashic Records. In any case, Miro quickly rose to prominence in the wizarding community. I opened Immortal Function a long time ago and thought it could twist space-time with magnetic force. But I wasn’t interested in success. She was like a woman whose head was full of curiosity. That is how the Supernatural Psychic Science Research Society was formed.”
“yes. I belong there too.”
Sirone felt proud to belong there.
“Geuk, congratulations on twisting your life. There are three founding members. There’s me, Miro, and one more stupid guy named Sein.”
“A person named Sein has Servant Syndrome, right? I made the master key of Estas.”
“what… … I’m not particularly fond of him.”
Gaold simply omitted the explanation. It was a shame for Sirone, who wanted to hear where he was and what he was doing by now.
“and… … From now on, this is top secret you need to hear.”
As Gaold corrected his expression, Sirone swallowed too.
“As a result, Miro’s genius took the worst of the situation. The 12 monarchs with the most powerful power in the world, the ‘Holy War’, began to keep an eye on the labyrinth. They have been keeping an eye on the affairs of heaven for a long time. That’s how the Valkyries of the Temple Army were created.”
Sirone’s expression darkened. The reason Orkamp, the king of Khazra, called him was to use Ataraxia to exert influence within the Valkyries.
“The Crusade, realizing that the final war was imminent, sought an heir to Guffin. In the process, the maze was won. A girl with a bright future quickly became a breakwater for humanity. can you guess The feeling of being trapped forever in a world of your own, with the fate of never growing old or dying?”
Sirone did not dare to respond.
“Finally, the trial began in the presence of renowned leaders from around the world. It is a day called the 20 Judges. The Empire’s first-class envoys, the Pope of Lamie, a person called the Living Saint, the head of a human rights organization, and so on. To balance things out, Miro’s teacher, Alpheas, and Tormia Kingdom Teachers’ Association auditor, Olivia, also received the right to vote. The result was 16 for, 1 against, and 3 abstentions. In the end, it was concluded that Miro passed away.”
“How did you do that… … .”
For Miro, it is weighing the lives of mankind and her own. Even if the decision was made voluntarily, it would not make sense for only 20 people to get together and put an end to one person’s life when doubts about the truth were not enough.
“okay. The whole process was too complicated for me, but the world seemed to flow extremely easily. No one objected to the proposition that all mankind could be saved with the sacrifice of one person. After so many hectic days, the day to leave finally came. And the maze… … .”
Gaold’s voice suddenly fell silent, and then the words disappeared. He was lost in thought, his gaze fixed on the meaningless space.
As his breathing became rough, thread veins rose in his eyes. Tears that did not match her strong face were welling up in her unclosed eyes.
-Please save Maze! I have lived my whole life as a servant of God without shame! I can give you my soul! So please Miroman… … !
-Did you say Gaold?
-please… … God bless this little servant! God’s mercy… … !
-God will also forgive us.
Sirone looked around with a surprised expression. As if an earthquake had occurred, the equipment in the room rattled and trembled.
‘what?’
Turning her head to Gaold, Sirone gasped for breath. Perhaps his tears had dried up, but Old’s eyes were filled with an inexplicable storm of emotions.
The scenery changed, and a huge fire broke out.
A sense of intimidation that is different from what I experienced in the bunker. The difference was that this time Gaold was also in the hell.
Gaold’s eyes curled up, revealing the whites. His face was completely distorted, his teeth baring his lips grotesquely torn.
‘Ugh! This is too much.’
He was holding on with the power of incarnation, but real physical force, not his mind, was at work. If I continued like this, the 18th floor might explode.
Kang Nan’s low, sharp voice came through the flames.
“President of the association.”
Like a lie, the scenery of hell has disappeared. Garold narrowed his eyes as if he had come back to his senses.
Only then could Sirone breathe. She didn’t even know that her whole body was drenched in cold sweat.
Gaold leaned back on the sofa as if nothing had happened. But he couldn’t hear the story of the 20 judges from him anymore.
“Anyway, just like that, Miro passed away. Since that day, I have planned a project, and now it is only left to be realized. That is why I asked to see you.”
Sirone calmed her startled heart and finished preparing to listen. After watching Shirone like that for a while, Old erected his upper body as if to bounce off and pushed her face.
“I will destroy the space-time of the labyrinth.”
“… … .”
Sirone put Gaold’s words into her head. And analyzed the meaning. The feeling after realizing it was much more eerie than when I first heard it.
“The space-time of the labyrinth… … Destroy?”
It meant to bring back the maze. From Gaold’s point of view, it was natural.
But when that happens… … This world would be on the verge of destruction.
“If the time-space of the labyrinth disappears… … .”
“okay. Heaven’s army will attack. Eight archangels, dozens of ordinary angels, hundreds of fallen angels, thousands of maras, giants and fairies, subjects armed with the firepower of ancient magic, schema, and mecha weapons. Whichever side wins, the world we live in will be devastated. I am telling you that.”
Gaold did not hide the truth. This is because the resolution that has not changed even once in 20 years will not be shaken now.
Sirone rubbed her face with both hands. He was frustrated that his insecurities had become true. No, it was a much bigger problem than I expected in the first place.
It was to rescue a woman by holding all the lives in this world as collateral. She was not frightened or made a fuss about her. When she faced a level of trouble she couldn’t handle, she felt rather cold in her head.
“Is there a way?”
If Maze could have been brought back, Gaold would have done so right away. In the end, he could only see that there was a condition at stake that would be difficult to achieve in any way.
“Of course it is.”
Gaold smiled pleasantly. I trusted more than before in Sirone’s appearance that never misses the point in any situation.
—————————————

=============ZZZZZ=============
