=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-846.txt
=============YYYYY=============
On the brink (2)
“Yaaaaa!”
Freed climbed the body of Argantis vertically with his sword hanging down.
Blue electricity surged from his left hand, and it scratched the surface of the demonic tree in a parabolic arc.
Kwa-kwa-kwa-kwa-kwak!
Mouths spewing disgusting liquids were mashed hideously as the explosions occurred.
‘This is not enough.’ The top of the Argantis must be clamped.
At that time, when he was catching up with the speed of the reverse current by raising the maximum mobility of the schema, a scream was heard.
“Kill!”
Demons fell from the sky and stabbed the red spears.
Freed’s legs, which he blocked with his sword, floated and he fell again.
“Big!”
He plunged his sword into the bark of the Magyesu flowing like a torrent and clenched his left fist.
Bright flames like lava blazed.
‘Watch.’
At first, he swung his sword just to remember his son.
When he was able to endure such sadness to some extent, he became a magic swordsman proficient in swords and magic.
“Eat this.”
Flames exploded in the air.
“Keeeh!”
The demons melted away, and Fried climbed to the top, traversing the falling fireball.
‘Is that it?’
The seeker’s laser was hitting the center.
‘I do not have time!’ And at exactly that point, Argan Teeth stirred and prepared to explode.
“Whoa!”
As he collected electricity in his left hand, the surrounding electric charges collided with each other, causing a thundering sound and lightning.
Qurrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr!
A terrible scream was heard as an electric shock of great power struck the top of Argantis.
oh oh oh oh!
The top of the argantis swelled like a balloon when the surface was electrically fried to seal it.
Freed increased his power even more.
“Aaaaaaa!”
Finally, the swollen area began to shrink as the liquid that had been regurgitating went down.
‘It’s a success!’
The worst of acid rain was averted.
“Eh?… ”
However, when Argantis stopped vomiting, another unexpected situation occurred.
“Ugh! Ugh! Ugh! Ugh!”
A disgusting sound came out of Argantis’ mouth, and he began shaking like crazy.
“this… …
Just as a human being strangled twists and turns with all his might at the last moment.
visor! visor! visor! visor!
The rings of the Singh’s Annihilation 3 Celestial World, which were hanging on the top point, broke and deviated from the Seeker’s aiming point.
The Thing on the ground groaned.
“Keugh!”
I do my best to block it, but this time it was force majeure.
I heard Minerva’s voice.
“I missed the aim point.”
Thing turned his head to see Sirone, pale in color, standing next to Minerva.
“What happened?”
As God’s punishment neared the ground, Sirone’s consciousness returned.
However, the acceleration was so high that laser guidance was no longer possible.
“I can’t hit you like this. If it misses even a little, a shockwave will explode on the ground.”
“… … Are you saying you can’t stop it?”
“There is still one way.”
As Sirone stepped past Thing, Minerva followed.
“What are you going to do… … !”
The moment she saw the light of Yahweh rising from Sirone’s body like a flame, she stopped walking.
“I will twist the law.”
What I cannot do, only Yahweh can do.
But even from Sirone’s point of view, catching a 10-ton object with a top speed of Mach 40 was a difficult challenge.
“I could die.”
Thing said.
“The law is a seesaw game. If you can’t handle it, on the contrary, your law will be broken.”
It is probably true because it is the word of the world’s greatest authority on the law.
Fried flew from the sky.
“shit! It’s getting bigger and bigger! What are you going to do now?”
Looking up at him, Sirone smiled.
“are you okay.”
It doesn’t matter if you can or can’t.
“It doesn’t matter who is weak or who is strong. We are fighting together.” Singh’s face flushed slightly.
‘Fighting together?’
The only thing Yahweh wants.
Sirone was willing to sacrifice herself.
‘Beyond the mind.’
Obviously, Yahweh must be one of the highest levels that can be reached as a prajna.
‘you can do it. It changes the trajectory.’
The light that enveloped Sirone’s body rose in a huge way as if it would burn the entire city.
“Is that????
Amanta turned her head, and the people’s eyes were in awe at the radiance that filled the sky.
“Ahhh… …
I don’t know what the meaning of that light was, but it was the only thing they were looking for in hell.
“Great!”
As soon as he mentally caught the punishment of the god falling towards the ground, Shirone’s face crumpled.
‘It’s much harder than I thought.’
It would have been possible if it was merely pushing with a strong law, but it was a task that required accurate aiming.
Veins protruded from Sirone’s temples, and the threadlike veins in his eyes began to burst.
Seeing bloody tears streaming down her face, Minerva grabbed her shoulder and shouted.
“no! Then die!”
Sirone didn’t hear.
‘little bit more!’
I’ve never wanted to do it like I do now.
‘It’s the result of fighting together.’ The Five Great Stars of the Ivory Tower are those who persevere in their convictions without giving in to any compromise.
If all such people are gathered here, it would be said that there is still hope for mankind.
‘I want to do it. i have to do it… … Shirone’s body, bleeding from her eyes, nose, and ears, trembled in shock.
And at that point.
‘It moves.’
The 10-ton spear, which had fallen innocently while rejecting Yahweh’s command, began to weakly change its trajectory.
“Big!”
Sirone’s pupils went up and Minerva’s face turned pale.
“Sirone! Wake!”
Sirone’s eyes widened.
‘It’s here!’
As the trajectory of Divine Punishment was modified, it was erected at an angle capable of penetrating Argantis’ torso vertically.
Sirone, who exerted all her strength, knelt down and touched the ground, gasping for breath.
“Heo-eok! Huh!”
“it’s okay? Are you successful?”
Although her mind was exhausted to the point of death, Sirone raised her head and raised the corner of her mouth with difficulty.
“yes. for now… …
“It’s not over yet.”
Singh said in a grievous voice.
“It moves again.”
When Sirone turned around with a hard expression, Argantis was making a last-ditch effort.
oh oh oh oh!
Although it was impossible to see it because it was covered by clouds, countless branches spread out from the top of the demon tree and swayed.
pop! pop! pop! pop!
As the air burst, a world-destroying roar hit my eardrums.
“What are you trying to do?”
Minerva answered Fried’s words.
“There is no such thing as will. You struggle with all your might. But in this state, the trajectory will change.”
If the angle was changed even slightly, the god’s punishment would pierce Argantis’ body and land it on the ground.
“I need to cut that branch.”
It was the only way, but there was no time to return when the fall time was calculated.
Fried slung the sword over his shoulder and said.
“I go.”
“you… …
He smiled bitterly at Minerva’s surprised expression.
“I have no choice but to do it. You won’t be able to cut those branches, let alone come back in time.”
Someone had to sacrifice.
“Mr. Fried… …
“Goes.”
Just as Fried was poised to jump out, he heard a familiar voice from behind Sirone.
“You can’t see it because it’s too high?” While everyone hurriedly turned around, Fried asked.
“… … What are you?”
A blue-haired young man with a large sword hanging from his back was looking up at the sky with his hand covering the sun.
Sirone couldn’t believe it even after seeing it with his own eyes.
“Lian?”
Ryan smiled, squinting one eye.
“You must be in trouble, Sirone.”
Numerous thoughts rushed into her head at the same time, but Sirone hurriedly grasped the core.
“I don’t have time for this! If you don’t move quickly… …
“don’t worry.”
As Rian stepped forward, leaning on Sirone’s shoulder, Freed’s eyebrows narrowed.
“Do you know what you are talking about?”
“maybe… …
Lian, who looked up at the end of the sky, spurred the ground and charged at a terrifying speed.
“It must be Vera.”
Ting shouted.
“We have to do it quickly! I can’t stand it anymore!”
As the ring of the three thousand worlds of the extinction shook greatly, cracks began to gradually go.
“come.”
Minerva looked up at the sky and said.
“I can’t make it on time.”
Rian was climbing Argantis at a terrifying speed, but the speed at which God’s punishment fell was faster than expected.
Lian An, who was running vertically toward the sky, spotted a point of light burning in the sky.
“About here?”
The muscle twisted with a groaning sound and turned into a yaksha’s body that could withstand the shock.
“What are you trying to do?”
At the same time as Xing muttered, Lian kicked off the trunk and left.
“Big!” And at that point, Oh Dae-sung realized.
“That crazy… …
There was no time to cut off the branches of the demon tree.
“You cut it whole?”
Lian’s waist, which held the great sword with both hands, turned to the side to the limit.
“Whoa!”
The place he is falling is two-thirds of the way from the height of Argantis.
It was much thinner than the bottom, but it was still well over 100 meters thick.
“Yaaaaaa!”
Divine Transcendence, Idea.
If the capital city of Kashan is to be considered as a painting, it is a single flash of light that separates the ends of Lian’s black canvas.
jump.
Oh Dae-seong’s eyes widened, and the upper part of Argantis, which had risen to the border of the clouds, began to fall.
“That… … Did you cut it?”
Sirone clenched her fists.
“Rian.”
It was the strongest yakcha.
Rian, who finished the blow of conversion, fell to a standing state and looked down at Sirone.
“So don’t worry, Sirone.” now i have
Behind Lian’s back, a gray spear that exceeded Mach 40 was thrust vertically.
thud.
The moment the tip of the spear touches the center of the demon tree.
Puff pup pup pup pup!
A sound louder than thunder went down to the basement in a runaway, followed by the huge body exploding.
Argantis howled desperately.
Aaaaaaa!
As it penetrated the torso and fell underground, the ground swayed like a wave and the shock wave cut off the roots.
Most of the humans covered their heads in fear and fell on their stomachs, but Oh Dae-seong stared at the magnificent scene in awe.
“I blocked it.”
Minerva muttered.
“We blocked it.”
Kurrurrurrung!
City-sized dust spread widely, drawing concentric circles on the waves of the ground.
“Rian.”
Sirone stared through the dust.
Although it penetrated Argantis, the shock wave of God’s punishment was right around the corner.
“Lian!”
At that time when I shouted at the thought that I couldn’t be fine, a shadow walked out of the dust.
“Whoa, this is no joke. Sirone, is it your magic?”
Lian, whose clothes were tattered, appeared with a large jigsaw across his back.
‘Are there any wounds?’
To be precise, the shock wave ripped off the limbs and then regenerated them.
“you… … are you okay?”
While Sirone and Oh Dae-seong watched in bewilderment, Lian arrived in front of them.
“Are there any enemies left?”
After confirming that all the demons had disappeared, he finally turned to Sirone and said.
“It’s been a while, Sirone.”

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-847.txt
=============YYYYY=============
On the brink (3)
The army of the crusade, Valkyrie, 700,000 men erected a defensive wall along the borders of Jive, Molten, and Bornai.
It was the three kingdoms that could be said to be the gateways to the central continent, and if any of them were breached, the army of Hell would continue to move south, eventually taking over the entire continent, the largest on the planet.
‘Even if you add up the troops borrowed from each country, 2 million. Compared to the army of hell, it’s not enough.’
Member of the Valkyrie 2nd Corps, Amy was currently preparing to greet the enemies at the borders of Molten Kingdom.
‘Can I stop it?’
According to intelligence, 10 million of the main army of Hell headed for Kashan’s capital.
However, the remaining 40 million would spread in a fan shape and travel south without end, arriving at the border within 48 hours.
Amy stared at the desert horizon dappled with moonlight.
From the Crusade’s point of view, it wasn’t strange to think of Sirone right before the worst battle.
‘How are you doing?’
From the Valkyrie Military Academy to becoming the battalion commander of the magic unit, he trained hard.
The cause of serving the world gradually faded in the agony of training that seemed like death.
Even so, the reason he was able to hold on was to become stronger and meet Sirone.
‘You must be over that horizon.’ Even now, if you break through the 40 million troops moving south at a terrifying speed, you will find Sirone.
“You seem to have a lot on your mind.” When I turned my head to his voice, Luda Garcia, the commander of the 2nd corps, was approaching with her hands behind her back.
“Loyalty!”
Amy hurriedly raised a salute, but Garcia did not accept it and looked back toward the horizon.
Amy, who knew what that meant, lowered her hand and said in a low voice.
“Master.”
The world’s greatest fire mage.
The reason he accepted Amy as a disciple was to pay off the debt he owed to Syrone in South Eymond.
‘It’s a miracle that it came this far.’ But now, even Garcia’s eyes toward Amy were very different from the first time.
Since the resistance of the cadets was not so strong, Garcia made it possible for anyone who wanted to to study with him.
And when six months passed, the only person left by Garcia’s side was Amy.
‘I thought it didn’t matter if I went crazy as long as I could survive in this hell.’
Amy has parents, brothers, friends and lovers, but it was Garcia who confirmed her bottom.
I’ve seen everything about Amy.
A primordial, animalistic, raw figure with no room for reason.
‘He’s a strong kid.’
It reminded me of when Amy, unable to control the flames, collapsed in the mud with smoke billowing out of her body.
His training suit was burned in an instant, and he was wriggling like a bug with his hand between his legs.
Garcia was about to give up on her.
“Are you still ashamed? If you can afford it, think about recovering. If you lose your mind here, you will die.”
“Huh. uh huh.”
As Garcia approached, Amy instinctively wriggled away.
“There is nowhere to run. One more step left. If you can’t control the flames, your life will burn out this time.”
“Black! Ughhh!”
Garcia, who lit a super-hot flame, heard Amy’s sobbing voice.
‘Sirone, am I doing well?’
What I learned from the interview is that Amy is also trying to become stronger in order to meet Shirone.
‘I don’t quite understand. But one thing is clear, I will never be able to meet you in this state.’ There were only a handful of people in the world who could endure this earthly hell on their own.
‘I have to save this child for you, but… …
Amy was special to him now.
It was because he had undergone nearly a year of extreme training that even he thought was impossible.
‘one more time. Just one more pass… …
I thought I had no choice but to kill him.
“sorry. die.”
As the flame-scorched hand moved forward, Amy spoke in a sobbing voice.
“Sirone. sirone… …
The reason Garcia didn’t throw flames was the last consideration given to him because he would really kill him.
“Do you want to meet me? If you are dreaming of a final reunion before you die, I will stop here.”
If it’s already broken, it’s just murder.
“Sirone… … We will meet.”
Amy staggered to her feet.
“I will definitely meet you.”
As the flames of her crimson eyes burned intensely, the tears in her eyes evaporated in an instant.
Garcia, who was watching him, reached out his hand.
“Hellfire.”
A huge flame exploded in the training ground, and it faded in an instant.
Garcia looked back at Amy.
Even when she entered the military academy, she showed signs of being a baby, but she had changed into a woman before she knew it.
‘It makes sense that the barracks were overturned.’
Not only her innate beauty, but also the modest energy created through the training in hell stimulates men’s curiosity.
“You were popular, you.”
Amy smiled broadly.
“haha! It’s the military, so what? Even if you wear a skirt, they like it as a woman.”
Garcia laughed.
“Yes, it must be a lot of trouble.”
The fact that his rank is not yet high may also be a reason for his subordinates to approach him in a friendly way.
‘You don’t know how many people will die in this war. Depending on the major, the rank will rise vertically.’
Of course, it was under the assumption that he would stop the army of hell.
“But what happened to Master… … ?”
“I think I will be here. Were you missing someone over the horizon?”
Amy blushed.
“Ah, that… …
“Maybe we can meet. If we win this war.”
her eyes sparkled
“Take pride. In any situation, think of what you have done so far.”
Given the huge gap in the chain of command, this was probably the last time Garcia saw Amy.
“yes. We will win.”
Amy smiled as Garcia stroked her hair with a look of affection.
“Oh, and as it will be announced tomorrow, new military equipment will be introduced to your units. It’s a trial run, so try it out.”
“New military equipment?”
“The temple changed businesses. It’s a new company, but it seems to mainly handle magic weapons.”
Amy’s brow wrinkled.
“But changing equipment with war at hand… …
“It is unusual. But it can also be said that the performance is good. Deliver it properly to your subordinates.”
It doesn’t matter as long as the performance is good, but most of them were collusions between politicians and businessmen.
“Where is the startup?”
“They said it was Governor Nade. Come to think of it, your homeland was also Tormia. It seems to be your company.”
“Nade? Governor Nade?”
“Why? Do you know?”
“Ah, that… … Maybe it’s someone I know.”
“Since you’re a wizard, that might be the case. They say he is a very young boss. Probably just like you.”
Amy couldn’t get rid of the idea that she was the Nade she knew.
‘That guy makes weapons of war?’
It’s unlikely in nature, but it was plausible considering the uniqueness of the war against the demons.
Also, if performance is proven, it will grow rapidly incomparably with other businesses.
‘Because he’s definitely a smart guy.’
Of course, it’s not just about looking at money and messing around.
Now that Iruki was active in the military department of the temple, he too was fighting fiercely.
‘To meet Sirone.’
I wasn’t fighting alone.
Seeing Amy smile, Garcia turned around as if satisfied.
“You must survive, Amy.”
“yes.” Master too.
A servant’s will was handed over to a soldier under the wizarding group belonging to the Valkyrie 2nd Corps with the grandiose phrase “Resolution” written on it.
It was the division commander’s order to increase his desire for survival by writing down his wishes before the war.
Though well-intentioned, it was just a tiring event for the lower end soldiers who wanted to take a nap at that time.
“shit! You look like you’re going to die soon. What’s your wish? rather write a will
do not say.”
“If it’s black, what should I do? They say that troops who write the resolution well will be allowed to attend the consolation performance.”
“Buck. Will the hottest beauties come to this battlefield? Besides, it doesn’t matter who comes. Because I am the best battalion commander.”
All the magicians of the 2nd Company, Amy’s direct unit, agreed silently.
“Cheuk, yes. be a wish There is only one thing I want to do before I die.”
Corporal Berrik scribbled something on the resolution.
“I set up a tent with my battalion commander and stayed up all night… …
The comrade in the seat next to him read what Berik was writing and widened his eyes.
“You madman! If you use something like this, it’s an honor! What are the executives going to do when they read it?”
“You can write it and throw it away. shit! I can’t even write something like this, so what kind of resolution is it?”
“but?… ”
The company, which was at the peak of tension ahead of the war, became noisy with a single piece of Verique’s resolution.
“Puhahaha! Can I publish this? Sergeant, please read what Berik wrote.”
The resolution went around and returned to Berrik, at which point the tent in the barracks was opened.
“Attention troops!”
First of all, they instinctively erected their upper bodies, but the members’ faces turned pale when they saw Amy’s face.
‘Damn it, it’s completely F*cked up.’
Amy looked around at the crew and said.
“Why are you so funny? Anything good?”
the squad leader exclaimed hastily.
“doesn’t exist!”
“What is not there? I think he was writing a resolution. What is your wish?”
Amy looked around at the resolutions placed in front of the members and went inside.
Only Berrik threw the crumpled up resolution behind his back and was breaking into a cold sweat.
“What? Let me see you.”
“it’s nothing.”
Berrik shook his head with all his might, but the more he did, the more it only stimulated his curiosity.
Amy laughed.
“Are you discriminating against women commanders? This is a bit sad.” It was a male joke, I guessed roughly.
“no! Absolutely not! Battalion commander, please trust me.”
“okay. I’ll read it considering it’s a joke. Give it to me.”
Berrik, who had no choice but to follow the command of the commander, handed over the crumpled resolution.
The warrior’s hand was trembling.
“Hmm, let’s see. It’s a wish and something, with the battalion commander… …
Amy’s face gradually started to heat up as she read through the resolution.
At that time, the crew members who were watching their superiors look away with frightened expressions.
“Whoa.”
Amy sighed and glanced at Berrik with narrow eyes.
Berrik’s shoulders trembled.
‘You’d better kill me! I’m going to be embarrassed and go crazy!’
Is it Youngchang?
If you add sexual harassment to your superiors, you may be punished even more severely.
“Yeah, what. Imagination is free.”
When Amy rolled up the resolution and handed it out, Verique looked up with a moved expression.
“Captain… …
“I know it’s a joke, so I’m looking at it. Corporal, no matter how much your wish is, write something that can come true.”
The relaxed crew burst into laughter.
“Sorry, hehe.”
Just as she was about to receive the resolution, Amy raised her arm.
“and.”
The dried paper patted Berik’s head.
“Aren’t you choosing your vocabulary correctly? am i a fruit? huh? Is it fruit?”
“evil! sorry! evil!”
As the crew members sighed, the platoon commander who had been waiting for them viciously laughed.
I meant to end this.
“now! Attention everyone.”
In an instant, the military became solemn.
“An order came from the top. Starting tomorrow, new supplies will arrive in our unit. Payment type… …
No one showed any playfulness.

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-848.txt
=============YYYYY=============
On the brink (4)
past midnight.
“Whoa.”
Amy, who relayed the order from the superior to each company, headed to the bathroom late at night.
My body was tired, but today might be the last day I can wash comfortably.
“cold.”
When I took off my clothes, my downy hair stood on end from the cold chill.
The silence in the empty bathroom was unbearably empty, so she quickly turned on the tap.
‘The number of enemies is 40 million.’
No matter how long the border line was, the number her troops would face was more than ten times that of their allies.
‘It is arithmetically impossible to block. Are there any special strategies? or not… …
Is it the last stand of those driven to the edge of the precipice?
‘This may be the end of me.’
Feeling the warmth of the warm water flowing down her head, Amy closed her eyes.
I heard the door open.
“Amy?”
Tess, a sergeant in the cavalry, was coming in wearing a bath basket around her waist.
“Tess, haven’t you slept yet?”
“I’m on duty today. You?”
“just… … . I can’t sleep.”
Since Tess had been best friends since the military academy days, he could understand Amy’s feelings.
‘More than death, the fact that we might not be able to meet again is what scares me.’
I wanted to meet Ryan.
Tess, who turned on the faucet in the seat next to Amy, said as she was splashed with water.
“I will survive, for sure.”
“??????okay.”
Tess turned her head to the red light that flashed in Amy’s eyes and took a careful look at her naked body.
“I’m almost recovered.”
During Garcia’s training, the burn scars never faded.
Fortunately, only a small scab remained on his shoulder now, and even that would fall off after a while.
“Thanks to Master. Although the training was difficult, he made me recover at the highest level.”
“Come to think of it, your skin is so white, isn’t it? If it’s something like this, should I try it too?” Of course it was a joke.
Only the person concerned should have known the pain of skin peeling from repeated burns and recovery.
“Hmm, that’s it, right?”
Tess looked at Amy’s smooth, watery body with sullen eyes.
Feeling terrified, Amy took a defensive stance and turned around to see Tess laughing sinisterly.
“don’t do it. It’s an order.”
“Whoops, now I’m going to beat you by rank, right? If so, then I have no choice but to use that method.” After washing away the suds at super speed, Amy ran for the exit with her bath basket.
“I’ll be out first!”
Tess smiled at Amy’s back as she rushed away and relaxed her stance.
“To be naive… …
My heart was beating wildly and my stomach was rumbling.
‘I can’t relax.’
After standing in the water for a long time, Tess thumped the wall with her fist.
‘Die.’
It will be a battle where you die with almost absolute probability.
‘doesn’t care. Killing even one more is enough.’
Ever since her father was attacked by the demons, she was determined to die on the battlefield.
‘At least one person has to live.’
Amy.
‘Rian, would you understand?’ I didn’t even need to hear an answer.
Kashan’s capital did not dare to restore.
While building simple shelters in each district was all that was needed, Oh Dae-seong came to Sirone.
“We’re going back to the ivory tower.” said Minerva.
“Hell’s army is moving south, so it will be safe here for the time being. I am worried about Taeseong.”
Sirone also felt the power of Argantis, so she nodded without muttering.
“yes. I will finish and follow you.” Fried looked back at Lian.
‘It’s Mach’s knight.’
area of the fall.
True to the rumor that it handles the limit of divine transcendence, the power of the sword surpassed that of Freed.
“When you return, bring that swordsman with you. Because Tae-seong wants to meet you.”
When Sirone turned around, Lian immediately replied.
“Wherever Sirone goes, he will go.”
Just that answer alone made Oh Dae-seong feel like the ivory tower was under pressure.
“He’s a funny guy.”
Fried turned away with a rotten smile, and the rest left Kashan after him.
“What are you going to do now, Sirone?”
“I have someone to meet.” As Sirone turned to Aganos with a smile, a black shadow fell from the sky.
It was Yula, the leader of Poongjang.
“Sirone-sama, the Empress is calling.” Not paying attention to the change in her title, Sirone nodded her head and followed her.
Argantis’ roots penetrated the underground facility of the imperial castle, and a huge tunnel was pierced through.
“You’ve killed a huge monster.”
“It starts now.”
Yula bowed her head in front of the rusty iron door.
“Please go in.” Following a harsh sound, the iron door opened and Uorin was waiting in a shabby room.
“Welcome, Sirone.”
Contrary to expectations, it was a bright expression.
Kido was sitting on a cot in the corner with a bandage wrapped around his stomach.
“Hey, it’s been a while.”
“uh? How tall?”
She didn’t expect him to be with Uorin, so Sirone asked with a surprised expression.
“What happened?”
“It’s too long to talk about. Anyway, it seems like I got to ride the same boat with this woman.”
I turned to Uorin, but instead of explaining about Kido, she offered me a seat.
“sit down. I called because I have something to tell you.” Sirone sat down on the sofa across from him, and Rian went behind him and stood up.
‘Two apostates.’
No matter how strong a human being is, it is natural to be ruled by the social system.
However, the two of them now were capable of dealing with one nation.
“Sorry for the shabby place. The situation is like this, so I can’t help it.”
“are you okay. I’m glad you’re alive.”
Uorin stuck out her tongue.
“Something was a bit embarrassing.”
Uorin was only that impressed at the time of kneeling to Harvits.
“This is what I did for you, Sirone. If a pretty girl like me dies, how much will she have to lose? And Sirone, you too should hug at least the empress of the empire in your lifetime.”
Sirone turned around.
“What about Gando?”
“I haven’t woken up yet. To be pathetic. It won’t affect your life, but I can’t guarantee it.”
Then I felt a little reassured.
“don’t worry. Because you are a strong person And you are safe too. From now on, we must rebuild Kashan.”
Wu Lin laughed.
“As I live, the day will come when I will receive sympathy from you.”
“No, I mean… …
“know. But I’m Kashan. Besides, the temple remains. And I like things like this. The more difficult the problem…
Uorin crossed her legs and smiled.
“The pleasure of conquering is also great.” He was so confident that he was proud of himself, but it was a hundred times better than his depressed appearance.
“But the Empress of Kashan will quit.”
Sirone’s eyes widened.
“Are you quitting?”
“Because there is no advantage. To be honest, I knew that since the <Law Killing> project failed, the era of Theraze’s control had ended.”
Urin shrugged.
“me : yes. maze. Sirone. Gaold. Oh, and now to Lian. They are the ones who have reached the highest level with their own philosophies. But I can say with certainty that the strongest human at the moment is Havitz.”
It was an era of atrocities.
“The fact that good triumphs over evil is possible only in the history that has been wrapped up. People love stories of heroes. A hero who achieves victory over the setbacks he can handle and the adversity he can handle. There is no truth in it. In fact, no one wants to know the truth.”
Theraje, the oldest of mankind, wrapped up the history of the Empress in that way.
“But now it’s too much. There’s no way to wrap this crazy world. All we have left is the terrible truth, not history.”
Uorin pointed at Sirone.
“Shall I tell you the truth I see?”
Sirone waited patiently for an answer.
“It’s over, Sirone. Good and evil, no matter who wins, the story of a beautiful hero is no longer written. What remains is each person’s despair, remorse, anger, and… …
Uorin said with her eyes shining.
“It is a pain.”
“Quaaaaa!”
Deep in the mountains of the Southern Continent, Gaold’s screams resonated terribly.
“Aww! Aaaaaa!”
It was already the 2nd day.
He hadn’t even fought a battle, but now he was in great pain just because he was alive.
“mister! are you okay?”
Gangnan shakes her face with tears in her eyes, but Gaold’s face only gets more distorted.
“it hurts. it hurts… …
A voice leaking out in an unconscious state.
His hair was washed white, his eyes completely turned inside out, and he twitched while biting crab foam.
It was a scene that Jiangnan had witnessed dozens of times in the south.
“Quaaaaaa!”
Gauld crawled across the ground on his face as the pain knew no bounds.
Ten fingers raised to their feet frantically scratched the ground, but no one could bear the pain for him.
“die??????
Tears flowed down Kang Nan’s cheeks.
“I’d rather die! I mean just die! What are you doing living like this any longer!”
Miro was resentful.
“Let’s go to Zion right now! kill them all! Let’s do whatever we want and finish it!”
“maze. maze… …
Is that the only thing I can say besides saying I’m sick?
“You stupid bastard!”
Gangnan climbed onto Gaold’s chest and tightened Gaold’s throat with both hands.
“You are being taken advantage of! How does that woman know how sick you are? Does she even know one in a billion?”
“Turn it off… …
I couldn’t bear to break my neck.
“I’d rather end it.”
Kang Nan, who relaxed his hands, hugged Gaold’s face and shed tears.
“just… … let’s die Die with me.” Ga Old’s breathing gradually began to stabilize, but he did not return to consciousness.
“please please… …
Zulu was watching Gangnan, who was crouching in a circle and trembling, with indifferent eyes.
“pain.”
Uorin nodded at Sirone’s words.
“okay. On this side of the beautifully packaged history, the pain that humans do not want to face is omitted. The reason I give up on Kashan is because I don’t want to turn away any longer. More precisely, it is because I love you.”
“Uorin, I… …
“Listen to the end. It’s not like I’m asking you to hug me right now.”
Sirone shut his mouth.
“From now on, I will be a woman, not the empress of Kashan. Nothing will change anyway. Eventually you will accept me.”
“How can you be sure?”
Sirone, who knew how wide Theraze’s sketch was, couldn’t pass it over.
“Because you will never be able to surpass me.”
“Sprout.] It’s sprouted.”
Behind Nane, who was looking down at the green sprout, Shura with a towel on her head approached.
“okay. It has sprouted.”
I didn’t speak for a long time.
“Please. What do you think?”
“I think it is beautiful.”
Did the monster of the Ten Commandments become your wife after skin-to-skin with me?
Shura smiled.
“Which flower will bloom? No, will the grass grow?”
“Beautiful things are not flowers. That I planted something here. That heart.”
Shura listened.
“Gaold’s pain, Sirone’s philanthropy, and this world must have all sprouted from one heart after all.”
It starts with planting the heart.
“why’?”
A golden aura rippled from Nane’s back.
“If it hadn’t been planted in the first place, it wouldn’t have existed.”
Shura stepped back several tens of meters as she dug up a hole in the soil with both hands and ripped out the sprouts.
“Boo, Buddha… …
will you wake up again?
“Obsessed, tormented, wandering in search of happiness in illusions that don’t exist!”
The moment Nane crushes the buds.
‘has disappeared.’
The energy of the Buddha was extinguished.
“Nevertheless, the reason why it is so beautiful…
When Nane slowly removed his hand, the sprout was preserved intact.
“Because I planted it.”
Nane said, putting the sprouts back in the place where they were scooped out and gently covering them with soil.
“This is the last problem in this world, Shura.”
almost reached
“It is the only thing I will surpass.” Shura, her tension released, slammed her on the buttock.
continues in the next volume

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-849.txt
=============YYYYY=============
Acceleration(1)
thud! thud!
A huge monster made of black rocks was walking through the mountains shaking the ground.
A waterspout equipped with the <Law Kill> as an engine.
The appearance of the watering can, which can be transformed with material, was a quadrupedal walking body with a smooth surface like glass beads.
The face was round, and Cyrone and Lian were riding on the waist that curved down from the neck.
“Hey!” A security guard from a nearby town hurriedly stopped talking and stepped aside, spraying a 5-meter-high spray past.
“What, what, what is that?”
I had to stop as a security guard, but I couldn’t dare to go near the sight of metal moving.
“stop! stop!”
When the watering stopped, the marshal approached.
Even though she was riding a horse, Sirone suddenly showed her face from a place higher than her line of sight.
“hello.”
” human?”
The chief of the police asked after sighing in relief at the fact that he was not a demon.
“Who are you?”
Sirone handed over the pass with Kashan’s seal on it.
“I am an ivory tower wizard. I’m trying to use the space movement magic circle in the city of Tarsian.”
It was the fastest way.
After checking the document written by Wu Lin in her own handwriting, the security chief immediately saluted.
“Oh, sorry. There is no rush.”
“are you okay. What is the scale of the damage?”
The marshal’s face darkened.
“All cities have already been destroyed. Maybe the wizard won’t be able to use the space movement magic circle.”
I thought maybe it could be.
“okay. thank you for telling me.”
“Sorry for not being helpful.” Sirone, who was examining the tired face of the security guard, shook his head and said.
“It saved me a lot of time. then… …
When I activated the 〈Defense Killer〉, the killer began to ride the mountain road at a terrifying speed unlike before.
“That’s the star of the ivory tower.”
The security guards who heard the report that the fall of the capital was prevented from the ivory tower exclaimed exclamations.
“okay. It is different from us.”
It was a short meeting, but it wasn’t difficult to read the will from the glowing eyes.
“Why are you fighting?”
At the point where their hometown was already destroyed, the members had a gut feeling of the end of the world.
“If it were me, I would have run away with my family. Because I have enough strength.”
“I don’t know.”
The chief of police felt the same way.
“How do we know?” Lian, who was lying on the back of the watering can, lost in thought, raised her head and asked Sirone.
“Are you going to the ivory tower?”
“huh. We need to check the world situation. If a disaster like Argantis appears somewhere else… …
“Hell’s army is on its way to the Central Continent.”
The meaning of the words was clear.
“Amy is there too.” “We defeated Amon, but even an army of 40 million is a threat enough. If possible, how about we go?”
“I want to go.”
It was an honest feeling.
“I want to meet Amy right now.”
“Then go and meet me. No matter what happens, I will protect you. Amy and your family.”
“If you were a weak soldier, you wouldn’t even be able to think of that. The reason they fight is just to live. Furthermore, to protect my family.”
“You can do that too.”
“Then the war cannot be won.”
It was such a problem.
“If a commander leads an army with personal feelings, it is annihilation. Even more so, now it is a battle for the lives of mankind. The moment we act on our feelings, everyone dies.”
I’m sure I understand it in my head, but… … .
“I hope you don’t regret it.”
Sirone smiled.
“Are you bothered by what Urin said?”
Lian chuckled and clicked her tongue.
“That I can’t beat you? Forget about that. When it appears this time, I will split it in two myself.”
“It won’t be easy.”
Lian asked with a serious face at the unexpected answer.
“What do you think?”
“I think that… …
Sirone recalled her conversation with Uorin.
“I can’t beat you?”
“okay. You should know, Sirone.” Wu Lin said.
“You are mostly right, and most of the evil is. In terms of quality and quantity, Sun and Ae are not opponents in the first place.”
You are fighting an impossible fight.
“What Sun and Ae have done is barely enough to prevent the end of the world. But if Nane comes back, the birth of a true Buddha.
“Then it will be the perfect truth, the only right.”
“Even if that were the case, it wouldn’t be the reason I fell in love with you.”
Uorin pointed at her own eyes.
“The reason why I knelt down to Havitz was because I felt death from him.”
It’s not like magic.
“You can roughly guess what will come out of the vat of mixed blue and red marbles. From my point of view, Habitz is a life in which only blue marbles come out endlessly.”
extremes of probability.
“But at that moment, something felt different. The emotion I felt was definitely a red marble. maybe it’s because of you If I was killed by Havitz, then Havitz would be killed by you too.”
The war could have ended.
“Nevertheless, I chose to live. Because my future poetry speaks in the same vein. You have no choice but to come to me.”
“What the hell… …
“Shall I tell you the only way to get around it?”
Sirone shut his mouth.
“Meet Amy. Leave behind humanity and the world and find happiness in the person you love. Until I close the world.”
“Give up?”
Surprisingly, Uorin nodded.
“Because I can’t win. When Nane comes back, then nothing can be undone.” Said Sirone, who escaped from the flashback.
“You won’t be able to win. No one can win.”
Ryan’s expression crumpled.
“Why is it not like you? You blocked me when I was against you before. You can do it this time too.”
“no. The reason I turned down Uorin wasn’t because I could stop you.”
“then?”
“Because I believe I can’t come back.”
“Hmm.”
“When I become a Buddha, I lose unconditionally. But it can’t be. He sympathizes with the ball world, but he never puts his heart into it.”
“What if you plant it?”
Sirone thought for a moment.
“It will be indestructible.”
“… … It is mysterious, the law.”
“that’s right. If I think you’re coming back, I won’t be able to do anything. Our job is to get rid of evil.”
The situation in which the 10th corps commander in Hell opened the Demon Realm again had to be prevented.
‘Hell’s army advancing to the Central Continent has lost its commander. It is true that I have to go to a more intense battlefield.’
Sirone would be the toughest person, so Lian didn’t encourage it anymore.
“huh?”
In an instant, Sirone turned her head away, and Lian, who felt something strange sensuously, jumped to her feet.
In an instant, Lian, who pulled out a large sword and stood on top of Salsu’s head, saw the space distort in his eyes.
“what?”
A woman appeared in a space crumpled like a whirlpool centered on one point.
“Sirone.”
“what?”
Sirone’s eyes widened.
“Voice?”
Jin Seong-eum, the princess of the Jincheon Empire, who competed together as a candidate for the Ivory Tower, stood with a firm expression on her face.
His face was more haggard than before due to the war with the demons, but his strong spirit was still the same.
After bowing her head to Rian, she approached Sirone and said.
“I’m sorry for coming so suddenly. It’s on the way to the Ivory Tower. Because you will be here.”
“Why the ivory tower?”
Tears welled up in her eyes as she pursed her lips.
However, he soon showed a strong expression and bowed flat in front of Sirone.
“Help us! Save Jincheon!”
Sirone and Lian looked at each other.
“All troops stand by!”
In accordance with the commander’s instructions, the riders’ blessings echoed.
The army of hell, which reached the border of the Three Kingdoms earlier than expected, was pushing in from 2 kilometers away.
rz r: iz: u: rz rz |
The ground shook, and black dots rose from beyond the horizon like weightlessness and covered the sky.
“Whoa! Whoa! Whoa!”
Amy could hear the foot soldiers in the lead taking deep breaths, even hundreds of meters away.
‘It’s coming.’
Even if it had 40 million, it was thought that it would be possible to deal with it strategically because it could not occupy the entire border.
However, the scene unfolding before my eyes was so overwhelming that even thinking about it was blown away.
“Ha ha ha! human! Human!” Demons of different heights, shapes, and characteristics roared as they took control of the land.
“All troops!”
Commander’s order has been given.
“Corsair!”
As the 10,000-strong crowd rushed forward like a tide, Amy’s battalion moved as well.
“Support the infantry!”
A knife-like flash stretched out as 200 men from three battalions cast military-style teleportation.
‘We have to suppress the steamship with firepower.’
Power is not the key to magic attacks of normal magic units, not special forces.
The ability of a unit depends on how long it can pour a certain amount of firepower into an accurate range.
“Sector 32! To firepower level 10!” In accordance with the Brigade Commander’s instructions, the wizards’ hands were burning with flame magic.
The moment when Amy raised her right hand and was about to give orders to the battalion to cast magic.
“Aaaaaaaaa!”
The infantry units in front were crushed in an instant, and huge demons pushed in.
‘Has it already been pierced?’
Guessing the number of deaths at the same time as the collision, she clenched her teeth and waved her hand.
“launch!”
Hundreds of fire magic fell to the ground, and huge flames instantly soared.
“Kuaaaaa!”
The demons melted in a disgusting form, but the enemies were pushing in endlessly.
“retreat! Retreat!”
Amy was dizzy at the sad news that came within minutes of the start of the war.
“shit! it’s over! We will die!” Screams erupted from all directions.
“calm down! It’s just that the forces have been concentrated on our side! It was just unlucky!”
So some units will be better than here.
“The reinforcements are coming soon! The balance of power is set! Just hold on a little longer!”
The strength of the magic unit is that it has higher mental durability than regular infantry.
Amy’s battalion did not get swayed by the war situation and calmly fired magic and retreated.
As soon as he was pushed back 300 meters, the flags of his allies fluttered in all directions.
“It’s here! fixed here! Sekte 4! Those watery herpes… …
“The battalion commander!”
When I turned my head to the voice, a demon with bull’s horns was running towards me with a huge axe.
“Kuh ha ha ha! After all, war is fun.” Seeing the terrifying purple magic radiating out, I felt intuition that he was at the level of a division commander.
‘damn! I see!’
I found out why it was pierced without help.
“Captain! Avoid!”
If the worst hand was drawn in the lottery anyway, even if they retreated immediately, it would be annihilation.
‘That’s a war.’
Amy got off her horse and lowered her stance to concentrate.
‘brand!’
The flames from her body soared into the sky and turned into Ifrit, a fire giant.
“I-what is that?”
Even his subordinates were new to magic.
Ifrit, who was crouching down at the waist, lowered her thick arms to the left and right of Amy and glared ahead.
“Come on.”
A red light flickered in her two large eyes.

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-85.txt
=============YYYYY=============
[85] Light and darkness, good and evil (3)
‘haha. Is this a human fist?’
Please enable JavaScript
It’s a power that can’t be inferior to magic. Moreover, it didn’t even end with a single shot. Ethella held her breath and threw her fists out in succession. His wrists throbbed every time he hit the heavy darkness, but the impact his opponent received was several times his.
Arcane gritted his teeth and collected his mind. Ethella’s fists are powerful, but the nature of her impact is unique. Instead of destroying the surface, she created a shockwave inside. The problem was the interference caused by overlapping shock waves.
‘It’s a wave series. This is dangerous.’
Aaaaaaa!
At the moment the Dark Golem struggled in pain, Etella’s eyes shone as she was pouring blows. Taking one more step forward, she struck the golem’s stomach with her palm, creating a massive ripple that caused roughly 400 meddling actions. This meant that a shock wave 400 times stronger than Etella’s regime exploded inside.
The golem shuddered as if it had swallowed a bomb, and its black body swelled up. It looked like it would explode sooner or later.
“Great!”
Arcane frowned and supported his spirit. If the Spirit Zone is broken, the Dark Golem will collapse. As the golem’s tremors subsided as it wrestled with the shockwave, Etella bit her lip.
‘Is it not enough? I should have nested it a bit more.’
Yin-Yang Wave Fist is a martial art that uses water waves to create ripples on the opponent’s body, then pushes a powerful wave and explodes it. The downside is that it takes time to reach the peak, but once the final blow is in, the amount of impact is terrifying.
But Arcane persevered. The amount of shock received by the Dark Golem was 400 times greater than that of the Scheme Fist, but the Archmage Arcane’s mental strength did not go unnoticed.
“It’s pretty, kid.”
“The next one won’t end like this. Give up now.”
“Chuck! I guess there’s still power left. I’m so glad that I will warm up properly after a long time.”
When Arcane raised his hand, all the Dark Spiders began to permeate into the Dark Golem’s body. The dark golem, which gradually grew in size, finally pierced the ceiling of the sea of water that covered the sky.
Ethella was dizzy. The Dark Golem now visible was the infamous identity of Arcane’s confrontation with numerous nations. A small to medium-sized city could be wiped out in a matter of days.
“How is it, is it nice? Whether it’s a wave ticket or something, you have to beat it hard. The abyss of my golem is deeper than the sea.”
If it was a giant golem over 10 meters tall, it was questionable whether the shockwave could spread. But Ethella clenched his fists enough to crumble. will be the light of the world Even if death awaited him, he had to move on.
Aaaaang!
The Dark Golem walked with a roar. Despite the increase in size, the speed remained the same. Being able to move at the speed of thought was the biggest reason why the Dark Fellowship was classified as overpowered.
thud!
The Dark Golem’s fist hit the place where Etela was standing. Seismic waves knocked down trees and plowed the ground as if hundreds of moles were passing under it.
thud! thud! thud!
A series of fists were stamped. The shock wave shook the ground and devastated the surroundings. The sixth time the fist landed, Etella turned her around and climbed onto the golem’s forearm. She then ran up to her shoulders and crossed her arms as she jumped. As she fell, her fast, unseen punch knocked her golem.
Deed deed deed deed!
It was a thunderbolt strike of the Thousand-Handed Kannon, the fifth of the Yin-Yang Wave Fist.
“Big!”
Sparks exploded non-stop in Arcane’s brain. More than 30 shocks per second were pouring in. If the number of ripples generated per second is approximately 300, 600 ripples will spread under the assumption that it takes 2 seconds to land. This alone causes approximately 3,000 interference actions. However, the essence of Yin-Yang Wave Fist was in the final blow, the Jangbeop. What would happen if you allowed it to go there? If all properties of interference, refraction, and reflection are considered, the number of interferences that occur after 2 seconds is quite… … .
‘68,000 times.’
The shock amplified 68,000 times that of Etela’s blow explodes inside. Arcane’s hair stood on end. However, contrary to her emotions, the corners of her mouth were grotesquely raised.
“Quack! I feel like I’m back now.”
I have no intention of running away. If the enemy was strong, it would have been enough to crush it with more force than that. How much I missed this moment. The glory of the past, where he competed with countless geniuses, passed by like a kaleidoscope.
Aaaaaaa!
The Dark Golem twisted its waist like a pretzel. Ethella, who arrived on the ground, also pulled his hands to his sides. The energy of the thunderbolt field, the last food of the thousand-handed Guanyin thunderbolt, rushed into the palm of my hand. As the Dark Golem’s fist swung forward, Etella clenched her teeth and held out her two palms.
‘A thunderbolt field!’
Woooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooh!
A mushroom cloud rose from the middle of the mountain range.
As all the trees in a radius of 20 meters were uprooted, the dense forest turned into a wasteland.
* * *
The stars in the night sky were twinkling. Ethella blinked her eyes in the starlight pouring through the branches.
“… … .”
how much time has passed
No, how far did it fly?
The trees where she flew were all broken.
At the end of the gruesome trail, Etella, sprawled out, couldn’t move a single finger. Her muscles twitched against her will. There was no feeling at all in her fingertips and toes.
‘Master… … .’
Etella was incapable of combat.
‘The Archmage is really strong.’
Even the magic of the Yin and Yang Wave Fist wasn’t enough to stop the Dark Fellow cast by the Archmage.
Is this what magic close to disaster is?
The sense of shame at not being able to eradicate evil tormented her heart.
If the waves had been overlapped a little more, if the Thousand-Handed Guanyin had been perfectly mastered, if the power of the thunderbolt had been raised even more.
“Black. Whoa… … .”
Ethella raised her trembling arm and covered her eyes. Hot tears flowed like a waterfall.
“I’m sorry, Master.”
Etela’s sobs echoed through the mountains.
Group (1)
Sirone and Canis did not miss each other’s position even in the complex terrain of the forest. It was cautious rather than violent, and had a strong tendency toward psychological warfare rather than firefighting. Due to the contrasting nature of light and darkness, if the delicate balance is broken, the charter can turn in an instant. It was a question of who would throw the punch first.
It was Canis who felt the pressure more. Due to the nature of dark magic, they are aiming for counters, but Sirone never gave up a gap and created tension with only tactical movements. Through brainwave exchange, Harvest’s thoughts came over.
– It’s definitely fine. It’s not possible for anyone to be this cool in a combat situation.
– Shall we pretend to be tricked and stick together? You need to create a variable. I can’t be dragged around like this.
– Hmm. It’s a mirror chess situation.
The strategy of moving pieces in the same way as the opponent does not widen the gap in power until the middle. Then, if you can’t stand the pressure and make a mistake, you’ll immediately poke a gap. However, if the opponent maintains the pace until the end, he has no choice but to pay the price for giving the first attack.
‘It doesn’t even show any signs of shaking. If we continue like this, we could end up in danger.’
Canis thought it would be advantageous to take the first attack. And he communicated his will through mental channels.
– Harvey. What do you think?
– huh? Oh yeah. As time goes by, we will be at a disadvantage. let’s go active
When the thoughts coming through the channel were slower than usual, Kanis asked, widening the distance with the Dark Fort.
– what’s the matter?
– No, because I felt the seismic waves a while ago. It’s two kilometers from here.
With a highly developed sense of vibration, Harvest was able to see, hear, and even taste through vibration.
– Seismic waves?
– It is still being delivered. Arcane is the only thing that shocks me like this. It’s probably because he cast the Dark Fellowship.
– Master? But the Dark Fellowship is a secret weapon. What does this mean?
– There are good and bad intentions. The good meaning is that the state of inspiration is extremely brisk. The bad meaning is that I met an opponent who was strong enough to cast Dark Fellowship.
– If it’s a strong opponent… … Is it Alpheas?
– For now, it would be reasonable to think so. Anyway, we have to move now. If Arcane found Alpheas, we’d better clean up this place too.
– okay. Let’s begin.
Kanis closed the gap and entered. Contrary to expectations, Sirone collided without losing. Catching the change of the flow immediately and maintaining the initiative was an animalistic feedback.
Kanis cast the power of darkness. The form of the shadow was endowed with a wizard’s unique personality, and Canis’s was a double-sided saw blade specialized in attack.
As Sirone fired the Photon Cannon continuously, the power of darkness was cut away like a rock stricken by wind and waves. Certainly light was the nemesis of darkness, but Canis adhered to dark magic. All of the basic magic of each series could be used, but it was not at the level of dealing with small skills.
‘Let’s hold on. I can’t use magic of this power forever. If you can endure it, the flow will definitely change.’
As expected by Canis, Sirone’s mental fatigue was accumulating moment by moment. No matter how superior the attribute was, the defense power of dark magic was not negligible.
‘I need more power.’
Since photons are so active, losses inevitably occur. Sirone thus gained mass by compressing the photons faster than they were lost. It was a method that consumed a lot of mental power, but the power was even stronger, and the sphere of white light swayed dizzy and grew in size.
Canis immediately sensed the change.
– what?
– The power has increased. I’ll take it.
Harvest, who blocked Canis’s path, took a posture that gave strength to her abdomen. As a huge photon cannon rammed into the ship, it attacked both of his hands and crushed the photons. However, the photon was not crushed, rather, Harvest’s body flew through the forest with a hollow sound.
Kanis’s face turned into an absurd expression.
– Harvey. are you okay?
– so so. It’s terribly heavy. It’s a murder weapon.
Sirone floated a photon cannon above the top of her head. Subsequently, photons were also created on both of his shoulders. As the three photon cannons swayed with enormous mass, Harvest stretched out his arms and shouted as if he would not be pushed back by his momentum.
“Kiki Kiki! It tickles! Is this just your last move?”
“no. Practice for now.”
“… … .”
Harvest’s voice cut off. When the photon cannon, which was twice as powerful as the first shot, was fired, the giant trees in the places where the flash passed by exploded their sides. Harvest’s thoughts flowed as Canis’ mental channel sped up to the limit.
– Canis. let’s avoid this
– Once you start dodging, you’ll lose the initiative. This is a fight you can’t back down from.
– I don’t think I can stop it!
– I can stop it. Absorb my psyche.
– Damn it! You’re a real nuisance, you!
After absorbing Canis’ mental power, Harvest’s body swelled enormously. As the ship opened, the shadow, which had turned into the jaws of a beast, screamed at the three beams.
“Quaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!”
Light struck the darkness.
* * *
Creas is a warm southern city. And now it was summer. However, at the top of the impassable bridge, a snowy blizzard was raging.
Iruki and Nade fastened their collars. The blizzard obscured the view, blurring the images of Shiina and Lucas.
“eww. It’s very cold. What happened? Why did Shiina-sensei cast magic?”
“Maybe you’ve come back to your senses? He might have awakened when he fell off the cliff.”
—————————————

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-850.txt
=============YYYYY=============
accelerate (2)
“Hmm.”
Pakma, the division commander of the 7th Corps of the Army of Hell, glared at Ifrit and lowered his axe.
“This is a bit… … Interesting?”
The boss yelled from behind Amy.
“Captain! Hurry this way!”
“Go first. I will take my time.”
“It can’t be!”
I couldn’t retreat without leaving the commander.
“don’t worry. Don’t overdo it. If we don’t retreat now, the unit will be annihilated.” Confusion of the crew through the Spirit Zone
Rumors have been transmitted.
“hurry!”
Parkma burst into laughter as the members, alerted to Amy’s work, rushed out.
“Awesome! Sacrificing herself for her men. Well, that’s why bullying humans is fun.”
Amy kept silent because the longer the time passed, the more survivors of the allies.
“decided.”
As Parkma swung the axe, Ifrit’s body shook greatly as a strong wind blew.
“People like you are incapable of suffering. Whisper sweet words and melt them slowly.”
As a woman on the battlefield, she had already prepared for how the loser would be treated.
“It’s disappointing. Is that what you mean by just doing it?”
Compared to his resolve, the demon’s threat was rather ridiculous.
“I am an activist. Once in my hands, there will be no time for disappointment.”
that’s also true.
Amy, who confirmed that the distance between her allies had widened, rushed forward with her eyes shining.
‘He’s the commander of the demon tribe.’
It was a mountain that Amy, who was aiming to become the leader of the Valkyrie Corps, had to overcome someday.
‘Fire Fist!’
Ifrit’s fists swung like a gale, and explosions of flame erupted in all directions.
Each shot was as powerful as advanced magic.
“Is this all?”
However, once you reach a certain level, power becomes a basic skill that everyone has.
“Even if it’s too easy, it’s no fun… …
Pakma, who broke through Ifrit’s flames, twisted his back and raised the axe.
“I liked you!”
As he delivered a powerful blow, a tearing sound erupted from the three holes drilled in the axe.
Sound Wave of Corruption.
The moment she heard the irresistible sound, the scenery of hell unfolded before Amy’s eyes.
‘what?’ A rotten arm came up from under the ground and grabbed his ankle, and before he knew it, corpses were filling up the surroundings.
‘I can’t move my body.’
Are you in shock?
‘Is your mind still?’
I even remembered hearing the terrible sound.
“Huh…
Corpses crawling up from the ground surrounded Amy and opened her mouth with a hand.
Parkma was walking between the corpses.
“Hehehe, I finally caught you.”
He approached Amy and held out a centipede with dozens of legs.
“Eat. It will be delicious.”
It was the height of disgust, but the mind of a trained wizard perfectly separated the situation and emotions.
‘It’s not that I can’t move.’
It was an illusion that occurred the moment the sound waves were implanted in the brain.
‘Time didn’t pass.’
Time is an illusion of the five senses, and the brain separated from the senses cannot feel the flow of time.
Red eyes burned in Amy’s eyes the moment the insect entered her forced open mouth.
Self-image memory can reset anything related to the mind.
At the same time as her eyes turned red, cracks began to appear in the scenery of hell.
‘Return.’
in the state before hearing the sound.
When he came to his senses, he saw Parkma stretching out his hand with a grotesque smile.
“Caught??????!”
Amy’s body reflexively turned, and Parkma’s center of gravity shifted forward.
“Pooh!”
Flames began to burn in Amy’s fist, which had amplified her spirit to the level of one sword.
‘Eat this!’
With the rotational force raised from the lower body, an explosion occurred when Parkma’s side was struck.
“Kuaaa!”
Black smoke was rising from the side of Parkma that had been blown away by the shock wave.
“you… …
Parkma’s face was terribly distorted, but Amy didn’t care and took a fighting stance.
“I will remember it.”
A light flashed in Parkma’s eyes.
“Never forget. Even if it digs out my retinas, I will engrave your face on it. remember I will not forget you.”
If you are immune to mental attacks, the straight attack method is unfavorable, and Parkma jumped up and moved away to the camp of the allies.
“I hit it with the intention of killing it.”
I could feel the power of the division commander.
“Amy!”
I heard Tess’ voice.
A cavalry unit led by her was approaching, cutting through the demons.
“Tess!”
Tess, who accurately drove the sharp sword into the eyes of the demons, pulled Amy up onto the pole.
“What are you doing here! They all retreated!”
Amy, sitting back to back, shouted while shooting flame magic at the rear.
“How is the war situation?”
“Completely pushed. There was an order to pull the defensive line two kilometers.”
Amy bit her lip.
‘damn! I can’t even beat a division commander.’
The difference in power was palpable.
The news of victory from the other side of the world, which sounds like beans sprouting in a drought, feels like a lie.
It was about to get stuck.
* ? ?
Sirone raised her voice.
“What the hell is going on?” Life dwelled in Seongeum’s eyes.
“Hell’s armies have completely taken over the sea. Mitura, commander of the 8th Corps. He is the devil who rules the sea. There is no way for Jincheon to stop him.”
Sirone’s expression changed at the name of the 10th corps commander.
“What about the demon world?”
“I haven’t opened it yet. Still, it’s a shame to be pushed back. I heard rumors that you saved Kashan. Help my feet.”
As Seongeum tried to bow again, Sirone hurriedly grabbed her arm.
“do not be like this. If it’s a fight against demons, you should help. But before that, check… …
When Sirone slurred, Lian glanced sideways.
‘There’s no way I’m not paying attention.’
It was something I was very much looking forward to.
I hope the command of the Ivory Tower evaluates demons invading the central continent as the highest risk factor.
“I know what you care about.
I heard from Taeseong.”
“huh? Taeseong?”
Power entered Seong-eum’s eyes.
“If you seize the maritime power, Jincheon will attack Gustav right away. It can be said to be the headquarters of the army of hell. There, if we can seize victory, Sirone also realized.
“The army of Hell fighting in the Central Continent has no choice but to return to Gustav.”
Even without a corps commander, it was a unit with Habitz.
“If you help Jincheon, we will help you too. No, by any means
I’ll find a way anyway… …
“okay.”
I couldn’t watch the expression of that upright voice crumple any longer.
When he stretched out his hand toward the watering can, the material was released and the <Spell> returned to Sirone’s hand.
The reason why motility can be given to the ability to create matter is because material is the spirit of Armand.
‘It’s a naval battle… …
The fact that they hadn’t fought in the water yet tells how short Sirone’s growth period was, but if it was material, he would be able to find a way.
“Let’s go, Lian.”
As Lian nodded vigorously and stood behind Sirone, the voice cast an etheric wave.
“thanks.”
The moment the corner of Sirone’s mouth lifted, the three of them disappeared in the middle of the mountain.
Heaven’s Third Heaven, Shehakim.
Ikael, who organized the army of heaven, visited the Eternal community, the Church of the Ten Commandments, ahead of the march.
At the call of La Enemy, nine executives went over to the bureau, but only one remained.
‘No, I can’t go.’
Upon entering the secret room, a woman who appeared to be in her teens was sitting at one of the long tables.
It was to the left of the seat where Chief Veron was sitting.
“What are you waiting for when everyone has left?” Son Yu-jeong, second in the order of the Ten Commandments.
Contrary to her youthful appearance, she must have been well over 10,000 years old and remained silent despite the archangel’s visit.
‘Was it really a good thing?’ It was a topic that was talked about a lot in the Archangel Council, and it was especially hated by Ymir.
In Heaven’s history, before Ymir and Ogent, there were powerful creatures that reached the realm of destruction.
‘It will get out of control. It’s different from Ymir.’
Yoo-jung has no purpose in life.
In that there is no criterion for judgment, it is rather a tendency close to atrocity.
‘I wish I could come to my senses.’
The golden ring that Ankera placed on her head to restrain her became useless when Nane allowed her to abdicate.
“Will you fight for heaven?” Even so, the reason why she had to take her was because Satan, the nemesis of her angels, had descended on her kingdom.
‘I need Son Yu-jeong.’
chaos with chaos
This was the conclusion that Ikael came to after much thought before the final fight with Ji Guk.
“For Heaven?”
Yoojung turned her head and stuck out her tongue.
“Why are you doing that?”
Ikael’s eyes widened as he swung his hand, and the chair shattered.
Queek! Queek!
The one that hurriedly threw itself off and stuck to the wall was a non-human monkey.
“It is not just a question of a beast.” She came like the wind, grabbed the monkey by the neck, and pulled it in front of her face.
“Where are you now, your master?” The person Ikael is looking for is a descendant of a military commander who has attained enlightenment with the body of a monkey and has risen to the ranks of gods.
It was Son Yoo-jung, the great-granddaughter of Son Oh-gong.
Queek! Snuggle Geek!
Ikael looked up at the ceiling as the monkey pointed over the wall with a dying expression.
The halo rotated and in an instant climbed through the wall, and the sky at an altitude of 2 km spread out.
What a profit!
A frightened monkey urinated on the ground.
“where are you?”
The moment I pointed at the mountain range over the horizon, Ikael’s ‘look down’ swept over the entire mountain range.
Upon discovering the oil well, she sighed and became a single flash of light that stretched out into the mountains.
Keeing! Meowing!
As he landed on the floor, the monkey ran into the darkness of the huge cave, wiping away tears with his arm.
Ikael, who followed him, relied on the light of the asteroid to examine the blurry landscape of the cave.
I saw a girl lying on a bed covered in dry sand, her dark hair ruffled like a horse rake.
“Wake up. Do you sleep for hundreds of years?”
“Hmm?… ”
Yu-jeong frowned, put her hand in her pants, scratched it, and sniffed it.
cried this Kael, who knew how to handle her.
“wake up!”
“Ah, sir! really!”
As if it had never happened before, Yu-jeong suddenly raised her upper body and turned her head.
“I’m bored to death! Why are you waking me up?”
“There is a battle. Come with me.” Yoojung laughed lightly.
“battle? Do angels get old too? Seeing that your eyes are open, you’ve completely lost your taste?”
“Buddha allowed apostasy. There is nothing to hold you back now.”
Blinking, Yu-jeong checked the gold band around her head and pulled it out with her hand.
“what? Are you really falling?”
“There is something you need. If you win this war, I will give you freedom.”
Yujeong threw the gold belt away.
“no. bothered.”
“You are still arrogant. Do you really think you will be safe even if you act like that in front of me?”
“What if it’s not okay?”
A golden glow emanated from Yu-jeong’s eyes as she picked up the yeoui-bong and took a posture to jump out.
“What are you going to do?”
There was enough energy to make the cave explode.
‘As expected, threats do not work.’
Ikael tried the second method.
“If you don’t want to do it, don’t do it. But shouldn’t we be saving our friend from hell?”
“friend? Who are your friends?”
“Tenth in the Order of the Ten Commandments, Mortasinger. She is taken away by the ruler of evil and suffers her pain.”
“what? Malta?”
Yoojung jumped up.
If there is at least one thing to expect from her, it is that she knows the duty of a monkey.
“If you don’t like it, you can’t. Sleeping here… …
“wait.”
Yoojung exposed her fangs.
“What kind of guy is this, the dog that bullied my friend?
children?”
Ikael smiled and pointed out of the cave.
“Satan.”

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-851.txt
=============YYYYY=============
accelerate (3)
East Sea of Jincheon Empire.
The place where Seong-eum distorted space arrived was the sky over the coastal waters overlooking the white sandy beach.
“Corsair! Advance! Don’t back down!” The army of Jincheon and the army of Hell were engaged in a close battle with the sun shining on the white sandy beach.
With their noise entwined and piercing your eardrums like white noise, you looked back at the sea in poetry.
Demon beasts the size of sailboats were seen in the distant sea.
On the beach side, monsters with tentacles were knocking down soldiers from several meters high.
‘Serious.’
What I could tell from looking up from the sky was that it was only a matter of time before the coastline was occupied.
There is only one reason why Jincheon has been able to block it so far.
It was a massive offensive that was comparable to the army of hell.
“There is a human over there!”
Demons with long beaks like spears fluttered their wings and flew towards Seongeum.
‘Aether wave!’
As the vocal sound refracted the space, the scenery became complicated and the demons’ beaks penetrated the bodies of their colleagues.
“Keew!”
Seongeum, who had watched hundreds of demons fall into the sea at the same time, looked back at Sirone.
“Already on the land side, the armies of hell are coming up, occupying the 7 kingdoms in the East. Jincheon will perish if we do not find a way out here in the sea.”
For Sirone, the value of Jincheon was equal to that of other countries, but strategically it was more than that.
“I will fight right now. Let’s go to the sandy beach.” As Lian grabbed the handle of the great sword and prepared to launch, Seongeum shook his head.
“no. That’s not what I want to ask for. There are other things you have to do.”
Seong-eum’s eyes shook as she watched the soldiers die.
However, he soon put on a determined expression and waved his hand to cast an etheric wave.
As if a carpet was being crumpled, the scenery was pulled, and then the scene of the imperial castle, Yeomra, rushed in quickly.
Forests and buildings flowed like a torrent, and when they penetrated the thick walls, Daejeon, where bureaucrats gathered, appeared.
“There is no retreat! If we can’t recover the coast, we’ll push into the imperial castle in an instant!”
The soldiers were divided into two and debating.
“Are you saying you want to continue the unfavorable fight? War of attrition has limits too! If we continue like this, we will be destroyed!”
The chattering sound also reminded me of a battlefield.
“Come this way.”
Seongeum walked towards the statue with Sirone and Lian behind.
“your majesty!”
Jin Kang, who had been listening to the soldiers’ opinions with his chin resting on his chin, only moved his gaze to look this way.
“Are you here?”
Even though the empire was heading towards catastrophe, there was no anxiety to be found in the emperor’s eyes.
‘indeed. He’s a different emperor than Wu Lin.’
Because it was much easier to deal with than her frightened appearance, Sirone followed Jincheon’s etiquette even though she was an ivory tower star.
“It is an honor to meet you.”
“You don’t have to come out so lowly. This is where you need help
I mean.”
Sirone let go of her grip and said.
“It is a difficult time for any country. You must be heartbroken.”
“What is heartache?”
Jin Kang raised the corner of his mouth.
“If you perish, you perish.”
The noisy battle became quiet in an instant.
Anchal of the Jincheon Space Agency said while lying flat with his arms outstretched.
“Your Majesty, Jincheon will not perish. We are doing our best to strategize, so sooner or later the tide will turn.”
“The best is an illusion.” When Jin Kang stood up, all the servants corrected their posture and knelt down.
“Do as much as you can. That point is the strongest. If you try to use something that doesn’t exist in reality, you become weak. I always say… …
There was a deep feeling in Jin Kang’s eyes.
“Simple beats complex.”
The soldiers were lost in thought.
“If you’ve done all you can, hit it. Then, something else will happen. Even if you perish when you perish, don’t tremble in fear already.”
“I will obey your solemn command.” While all the soldiers were bowing, Jin Kang walked towards Sirone with his hands behind his back.
“Do you think there is something you want to say?” Sirone shook her head.
“no. I totally agree with your thoughts. It is effective to face reality.”
“is it.”
Jin Kang smiled bitterly.
It meant that Jincheon’s current condition was not very good, even in the eyes of the Wizard of the Ivory Tower.
“I guess I have no choice but to look forward to you.”
“I will go to the East Sea. If you defeat the corps commander, the spirit of the demons will also be dampened.”
“no. It’s dangerous, but Jincheon isn’t that weak. What you have to do, let your voice tell you.”
When Jin Kang looked back at Seongeum, she too met her father’s eyes with complicated eyes.
“I’m sorry I didn’t give you much time.”
The voice was engulfed.
“Let’s go first. Preserve the jade body.”
It sounded like goodbye.
“okay. Don’t worry about me. And wizard of the ivory tower, even though the world is on the verge… …
It was the last request a father could give.
“Please respect the meaning of the voice.”
“What is that… …
Before Sirone could finish her words, Seongeum cast an etheric wave and moved.
As Daejeon was pushed out, they arrived at the palace where Seongeum stayed.
“Are you here, lady?”
Mungyeong, the leader of Sambo, came out to meet him.
I learned my face in the Ivory Tower exam, but for some reason my eyes were swollen as if I had cried all night.
‘What’s going on?’
Come to think of it, all the maids around her were looking at Seongeum with sympathetic eyes.
However, the person concerned pointed to Sirone without any particular expression and said.
“I have something to talk about with a friend. Give me a lodging.”
“Come this way.”
Mungyeong followed on the street of three steps, and the other ladies-in-waiting also guided the voice in their respective positions.
‘It’s still the same.’
Even Sirone knew the resolution of space.
Even so, the reason he could get close to her was because she allowed Young-bo.
Since they were there together, Mungyeong couldn’t say anything about Sirone.
‘If the lady loves someone, she can back off as much as she wants. But it was sad that it was at this point.
“Please go in.”
When Mungyeong opened the dorm, a room with a round table and bed in a neatly organized outbuilding appeared.
It was according to the taste of the voice.
“Everybody stay out.”
“Lady Haona, this swordsman… … The only one who allowed the yeongbo of the voice is Sirone.
I couldn’t keep Rian in a small room.
“Okay. I allow it.”
Seongeum turned to Lian.
He had been surprised at his inaction in defeating Ymir’s clone, but he was much more mature than that now.
‘I’m sure it will be the strongest in the world.’
Is Sirone fighting alongside someone like this?
In any case, it was a good thing for the Jincheon Empire, so Seongeum gave him a distance.
“0.1 baud.”
I couldn’t give her the same distance as Sirone.
When Lian shrugged and entered, Mungyeong had no more words to argue with.
“I’ll be waiting for you outside.” In a slightly awkward atmosphere, Sirone, Lian, and Seongeum sat in a circle at a round table.
“First of all, don’t say sorry. I can easily imagine how busy you must be as the star of the ivory tower.”
“are you okay. Because this is my job. Anyway, what am I supposed to do here? Also, why did the emperor recall the past while looking up at the ceiling?
“Do you remember? When I took you to the ivory tower, I asked you How much time can you give me?”
“huh? hour?”
From Sirone’s point of view, the words were insignificant, so he had to search his memory for a long time.
“Ah, it was. Did you say 10 days’?”
“Okay, ten days.”
Sirone said with a puzzled expression.
“But now it seems to be a bit difficult. When the war is over, I will definitely keep my promise.”
“You don’t have to. Forget it.”
The voice was laughing, but it didn’t feel alive.
“Hanshi is busy. Even now, countless people of Jincheon are dying. That’s why I’m begging you. Regardless of the promise… …
Seongeum looked at Sirone with earnest eyes.
“day. Give me time for just one day.”
Ryan moaned and moaned, and Sirone blinked.
‘ day?’
I didn’t know what she was thinking.
“What is all this?”
Havitz and Gustav 4th cadets who joined from the battlefield set up a barracks 20 kilometers away from the battlefield.
Following Balkan’s instructions, he killed all the humans in the cities along the way, but there were still spoils to give to Sumodo.
“Huh. uhhhhhhh.”
About 2,000 flower-like girls were lined up in a row tied to a rope.
Zetaro, who was sitting on the ground, said while grazing.
“He said he would take all the women in the world. To be honest, I killed a lot because it was annoying to take him with me. I don’t know what your tastes are, but I picked them roughly based on my standards.”
Natasha counted and gave up.
“Even if we only catch 10 people a day, it would take a long time. Sumo, don’t push yourself too hard. And then the bones are gone.”
“Stop worrying.”
Sumodo did not know to give up.
“That’s why humans need tools.”
After stealing a repeater-type crossbow from a soldier, he looked back at Natasha and raised a corner of his mouth.
“Anyway, can we shoot?”
Dozens of arrows per second were fired into the crowd.
“Quaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!”
dying girls.
Abi Gyu-hwan’s screams erupted, and people tied to ropes and trampled on were followed one after another.
“more! more!”
When the arrows ran out, his men brought new crossbows, and the brutal killings continued without end.
After firing six hundred rounds, the recoil almost broke his body.
“Wow, this is really hard. zeta, same
Do you want to do this?”
“Hehe, why are you so greedy?”
Zetaro, holding a crossbow in both hands, began to shoot arrows anywhere, regardless of recoil.
“Kyahahahaha! Kyahahahaha!”
Tears of blood flowed from Natasha’s eyes as she performed a beautiful dance behind the two.
‘Crazy guys.’
The soldiers seriously questioned whether this was a human right.
‘Doesn’t someone have to stop it?’ Vulcan was preoccupied with sitting on his horse and looking at the map.
Havitz was also sitting with his back in the grass in the corner, drawing on the ground.
“ha! ha!”
Finally, when all 2,000 fell, Sumodo, sweating profusely, threw the crossbow.
“It’s really hard.”
“Heh! I know. nucleus!”
Sumodo looked back at Balkan as Jetaro sighed and sat down.
“Hey, military. How many have we killed so far?”
Vulcan raised his head and stroked his chin.
“Hmm, well. Roughly between 600 million and 700 million?”
“what? 600 million to 700 million?”
Sumodo’s face turned into an embarrassment.
“You killed everything you could find, but you haven’t even reduced half of it yet? No, there are so many damn humans.”
Vulcan agreed.
“It was a little later than expected. I think Valkyrie has some decent soldiers. We’re minimizing the damage.”
Humanity did not have the troops to stop the army of hell, but even in such a situation, the response was prompt.
‘What kind of guy is he?’
A person with enough brains to stand up to the crowd.
Vulcan’s gaze was aimed at someone in the enemy camp whose name he didn’t even know yet.

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-852.txt
=============YYYYY=============
accelerate (4)
Valkyrie Site-73.
In the bunker prepared in the mountains of the Southern Continent, the Valkyrie leaders with the VIP level were gathered.
In wars fought all over the world, mankind’s win rate was less than 7 percent.
But if it wasn’t for them, I wouldn’t have been able to guarantee even that 7 percent.
“Urgent! Destroy the 7th Brigade in Bornai!
Four million demons are riding over the Max Mountains.”
The flag of the 7th Brigade disappeared from the 3D map on the military table.
Subsequently, four red horses representing one million units moved to the Max Mountains.
“Sir General, a response strategy.”
The strategic officers who reorganized the words of the military leadership through intelligence all turned to one person.
Valkyrie General Commander, Mercodyne Iruki.
It was he who passed through the rain fearing death because he forced an overdrive in the Ex-Machina.
He was thinner than before and his hair was gray, but his eyes were steady as he glared at the military map.
‘It’s really tricky.’
It is not a war that can be won in the first place.
The only thing the general military can do is buy time by minimizing damage.
There was also a reason why he was able to defeat so many powerful people and take over the general military.
‘A counterattack is impossible. I have to step back a little bit.’
But Iruki won.
The 7% win rate includes the performance of the ivory tower Oh Dae-seong, but it was a miraculous feat that resulted in a victory against Havitz’s army.
Electricity flew in Iruki’s eyes.
‘Overdrive.’
The inhabitants of the Ivory Tower, ‘people who play card games’, watched in wonder at Iruki.
‘It’s a miracle to be alive.’
Although Iruki opened his brain, strictly speaking, he was eaten by the Ex-Machina.
‘Synchronization of that moment.’
Iruki thinks like an Ex-Machina.
‘The world of quantum probability.’
In fact, humans don’t need to know that far to win the war.
‘It’s enough to be cut if you cut, and to be pushed out if you push. After all, war is just an interaction between particles.’
This is called the law.
‘But Satan is outside the law.’
Iruki defines it this way:
The state that exists as a probability before the result is observed is the essence of Havitz.
‘I can’t predict chaos.’
However, if it is Iruki, a new strategy can be established at that unpredictable point.
‘You don’t lose just because you deserve to lose. It doesn’t necessarily mean losing. The moment we respond to Havitz, the outcome is fixed as a defeat event.’
Only Iruki understood Havitsu.
‘Then I just don’t have to observe it.’ If you can proceed the case outside the maximum radius so that no specific outcome can be produced for Harvitz.
‘I can’t win, but I can’t lose either.’ 7% win rate.
‘If not directly touched, the chaos of Havitz is rather poisonous to the military might of the Balkans.’
Hundreds of millions of people have already died, but what they gained from their sacrifice was clear.
‘The opportunity will surely come.’
Iruki had been waiting for the day when Havitz’s choice would become a handshake that would change the war situation.
? ? ?
“Should I say strange… …
Vulcan continued.
“I might lose. Winning or losing a war is not a big issue. Strange is the cause of defeat. What should I do? like… …
Vulcan looked back at Havitz.
“It sounds like you’re thinking like Harvits.”
“Hmm.”
Sumodo stroked his chin.
“We fight with the same strategy, right? But it’s possible because it’s Havitz. If anyone is like that, it’s a hundred battles.”
“But I won.”
Silence has arrived.
“If it’s too much to be considered a fluke, it’s too hard. First of all, the division of forces ahead of Kashan. It’s a fight we wouldn’t have lost if we had just invaded the Central Continent.”
Vulcan pointed out the key.
“Were they expecting in advance to divide their forces? That doesn’t even make sense. If the troops had been lined up as expected, Harvitz would not have divided the troops.”
Jetaro nodded.
“Because you always choose to win. Nevertheless, Havits divided his forces and was consequently defeated.”
“okay.”
Vulcan was almost certain.
“Among them, there is one who can circumvent the Harvitz case.”
It wasn’t just because of the distance.
“I don’t know how. Map how that is possible. But there is no other way to explain it.”
Natasha asked.
“I don’t know what you mean, but how dangerous is that to us anyway?”
“In my opinion… …
When the Vulcan is about to speak.
“Should I quit?”
Habitz, who was squatting, raised his head to the sky and spoke quietly.
“what? Harvits?”
Vulcan questioned, doubting his ears.
“Shall we stop here? I suddenly have that thought.”
It was a complete denial of what he had done so far, but that’s why it was rather Harvey Tsu.
Vulcan asked.
“Why?”
“God, more fun than this
where will you be But a little Havitz yawned.
“It sounds boring.” Zetaro said with an apologetic face.
“The way I kill more fun
I will try to develop it.”
“Come to think of it… … Humans too
pair.”
Colleagues’ eyes widened.
‘Havitz sympathize?’
It was impossible.
“Life is everything to humans. As long as I can live, fun is a good thing.”
Sumodo realized.
“Are you Uorin?” “Wu Orin said, she loves Sirone. What part of you did that change?”
“Nothing??????
It was fun and thrilling, so I have no regrets about sacrificing my wife Abella.
“It’s just boring.”
It’s no exaggeration to say that he had the whole world, but he couldn’t help being lonely.
‘I want to play.’
only… … I just remembered Abella.
‘I want to play.’
Havitz pursed his lips toward the sky.
“Muuuuuuu”
When he made a sound like a cow crying, the Gustav 4th class turned to each other.
“Muuuuuu.”
Dry crying without even a drop of tear.
It was a terrible sadness.
‘Time of day.’
Sirone pondered over the words of the voice.
Currently, wars are in full swing around the world, and many people are still dying.
However, Jincheon was the same, so Seong-eum’s proposal must have a reason.
“why?”
Sirone asked.
“It’s enough even after the war is over. No, why is the day you spend with me important in the first place?”
The voice kept her mouth shut.
‘I’m sorry, Sirone.’
The reason that cannot be revealed is that it is closely related to the security of the Jincheon Empire.
“I already know how important the war in the Central Continent is to you.”
Amy.
“Dear lady, and your homeland, the Kingdom of Tormia, is also close to the front line. I know it’s an unreasonable request. But you said you would give me ten days.”
Seongeum looked directly at Sirone.
“It is because my ability has earned you 10 days. trust me Give me a day, and I will buy you more time by all means.”
Knowing Seongeum’s upright character, there was no need to doubt his words.
It was just that I couldn’t hear the reason, but even now, time was passing.
“good.”
Seongeum’s face suddenly brightened.
“Thank you. Thank you very much.”
“But what are you going to do during the day? Do you have anything in mind?”
“As you know, etheric waves are the ability to shake the force field in space and time. So you can go wherever you want, but… …
Seongeum raised her head with a vague expression.
“Looking back, I realize I’ve never been anywhere.”
Sirone stared at her.
“There are no grandiose plans. just one day… … Help me see the world.”
‘I’m thinking of dying.’
If not, there was no reason for her voice to suddenly become a candidate for the ivory tower.
“okay.”
Knowing how high her Kar was, Sirone decided to obey her wishes for now.
“Go where you want to go. I will follow you wherever you go.”
“then?… ”
Seongeum noticed Ri An standing behind Sirone.
“Go and come. I will be waiting for you here.”
Rian got up from the table and sat down on the bed, as if she had made up her mind.
The vocal voice expressed gratitude with a small nod and cast an etheric wave.
The bodies of the two were sucked into the space, revealing a completely different landscape.
“Here?”
It was a valley with a small waterfall.
Seongeum, perched on a rock, took a deep breath and smiled with satisfaction.
“I have never been to a place like this with anyone in my life.”
It’s because they didn’t allow the yeongbo.
“If you think about it… … What did you live with such a distance for?”
Sirone sat next to Seongeum.
“You can change from now on. When the war is over, the day will come when we can all be happy together.”
“I guess… …
Again, persuasion was impossible.
“tell me. What are you thinking… … town.”
Before Sirone could finish her words, Seong-eum leaned her upper body closer and kissed her softly.
In an unexpected situation, Sirone’s eyes widened, and after a while, Seongeum’s lips fell.
Only the sound of the waterfall could be heard.
“sorry.” Seongeum said with her head bowed.
“are you okay. I was just a little surprised.”
“… … I heard you have someone you love. I have hurt you Forget it.”
It may be so, but there was no feeling that the vocal sound was too complicated.
It must be because it is pure.
“Why is that?”
“I used to think all the time. If only I had someone I could walk alongside, in a quiet place like this… …
Voice changed the topic.
“We competed together. Leaving the stars of the ivory tower. You, me and me.” It was an unforgettable memory for Sirone as well.
“huh. I never thought that the world would change like this.”
“You with philanthropy, and I with publicity. Everyone carried on their convictions to the end. It sounds funny when I say this, but sometimes I’m proud of you guys.”
“You are strong enough. And I am still fighting for the world.”
“… … Is that so?”
Sirone’s praise made me feel better.
“Time and space are actually one chapter. If you fight for the world, that’s enough for me.”
Not afraid.
“Seongeum, if you’re thinking bad thoughts… …
“The day has only just begun.” Seongeum robbed the seat and got up.
“I don’t want to think about it right now. It’s okay to enjoy this moment a little more. Let’s go somewhere else.”
“uh? already?”
“Because I have to fulfill my lifelong wish. I don’t want to miss a single spot.”
“I don’t mind if it takes more time.”
I didn’t want to pressure her.
“no. One day is enough. Instead, I have a request.”
Seongeum held out his hand to Sirone. “Can you catch me?”
Sirone, who had been looking at the slender outstretched fingers, slowly took her hand.
‘Whatever you think… … There will be no letting go of this hand in the end.

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-853.txt
=============YYYYY=============
ugly (1)
Calm waves crashed on the white sandy beach.
Perhaps it was because the armies of hell were sweeping across the world, and the tranquility of the moment, when only the scenery was all there was, was exhilarating.
“So beautiful.”
Seongeum’s face looking across the sea was more beautiful than the sea to Sirone.
“Space is a fiction… …
If the existence of the country is erased, what will the size of the world we live in mean?
“I thought.”
Seongeum looked back at Sirone.
“Because time is fiction, space is also fiction. But seeing the sea like this, I wonder what it has to do with it.”
Isn’t it just beautiful?
To someone outside the planet, the sea might be nothing but disgusting vomit, but to Seong-eum, it was beautiful.
“That is the heart.”
Plant your mind in a world of illusions.
“yes.”
The reason Sirone enjoyed spending time with Seong-eum was that she understood him.
“But Sirone, I don’t have a thorough philosophy toward the world like you and I. All I can do is prevent my country from being destroyed.”
only for Jincheon.
“Voice, tell me. After spending the day with me, what about you? What are you trying to do?”
The voice turned around.
“Sirone, can I be a good mother?”
“huh? mom?”
“I want to have a child. Resembles me, but more like my boyfriend than me O”
As if she had already embraced life, Seongeum covered her stomach with both hands.
“To my child, what distance can I give?”
Sirone did not dare to answer.
“Let’s go see the children, Sirone. I want to.”
Before he could hear the answer, Seongeum grabbed Sirone’s hand and cast an etheric wave.
The place they arrived at was the playground of Yeomra.
Aristocratic wives sat in the corners and chatted while children were playing.
“Ha ha! You are not standing there!”
The war is in full swing outside Yeomra, but it’s fun
The children playing in the field were just bright.
Even though Sirone and Seong-eum entered the playground, the wives did not recognize the imperial princess’ face.
“Huh, the kids are really comfortable with me.”
It was an infinite joy to Seong-eum that there were still people who could laugh at Yeomra.
“They are my children. The children I have to watch over.”
She approached the children, said something, and started playing ball.
Shirone laughed at the sight of him hitting the spikes mercilessly against the clumsy kids.
‘Come to think of it… …
Seong-eum did not set a distance for the children.
“no way! hey! Eat this!”
Then a child came into the playground, picked up a handful of soil, and sprinkled it on the children.
“don’t do it! Your clothes are getting dirty!”
“Eight! Eight!”
Shirone frowned at the sight of her friends throwing dirt to the end even though they said they didn’t like it.
“Here again, Mrs. Jang’s son.”
“I thought you weren’t coming today. But what are you doing taking the kids with you now?”
The wives whispered and mocked, but no one intervened to stop it.
Sirone guessed that the nobleman with the surname Jang had a higher rank than them.
“Stop it. Don’t other friends hate it?”
Seong-eum politely scolded him, but the child who threw the soil looked at him with a mocking attitude.
“What is an aunt? I come to the playground and play whatever I want.”
“Oh, lady?”
Seong-eum, who had an absurd expression on her face, put honey chestnuts on Mr. Jang’s son’s head.
“There is nothing I cannot say to a woman who has never been married.”
“ouch!”
Mr. Jang’s son, clutching his forehead, glared at the children hiding behind Seong-eum.
“Heh, that’s not funny.”
Even though they couldn’t speak because of their parents’ class, it was impossible for the children to hide their hateful gaze.
Jang’s son walked to the corner of the playground and rolled a large stone aside.
The ants were teeming with them, and he, who had been looking at them with disgust and awe, began to step on them with his tiny feet.
“Eight! die! die!”
Seeing the child, Sirone was gripped by an indescribably unpleasant feeling.
Perhaps it was because he felt a strange affinity with what was happening in the world right now.
“stop!”
Sirone spoke, but the child’s eyes were already filled with mysterious madness.
“Because I’m quitting.”
When Sirone, who was worse off, shoved the child on the shoulder, he hit the butt with a thump.
“Ah, sir! What are you?”
Sirone, who has a Western appearance, could never become a nobleman in Jincheon.
“Even insignificant life is precious. No, there is no such thing as a small creature in this world.”
“You are laughing. On the subject that he is not even an aristocrat. Do you know who I am?”
A light emanated from Sirone’s eyes, and the child froze in shock.
“Uh, uh… …
It was Yahweh’s wrath that would have pierced the limbs of a demon.
“Baby, what’s going on?”
The wives’ faces turned pale as a ferocious-looking woman walked by from afar.
‘Mrs. Jang. She’s in trouble.’
The child who saw the mother started to cry.
“mom! This uncle… … . Aaaah!”
Mrs. Jang, holding a child in her arms, glared at Sirone sternly and shot at him.
“who are you? Why are you bullying my child?”
“I was killing ants in the playground.”
“what? ant?”
Mrs. Jang’s face turned into an absurd expression.
“You mean you made my son cry just for that reason? And when you play, you can do that. What does he know?”
“That is the problem.”
The really terrible thing is, you don’t know.
Sirone looked sadly at the crying child in her mother’s arms.
‘When that child goes home… …
A mother would massage the legs of her weary child, and a father would scoop rice into a spoon and put it in his mouth.
“no, I do not want.” Havitz said to the sky.
“I don’t want to go back.”
Who are you talking to?
Gustav 4th class looked back at each other and whispered.
“I do that sometimes. Who do you think is in the sky?”
“It must be an illusion. To be honest, neither Havitz nor we are sane people, are we?”
Natasha put her hand to her lips.
“Maybe it’s feeling the presence of God… …
Vulcan murmured.
“If this world is a lie… …
“huh?”
When I read the crowd log, sometimes I get creepy thoughts.
“That is, as long as there is an outside world and we are nothing more than imaginary persons connected to that outside world.”
Balkan looked back at his friends.
“What kind of existence is Havitz in the world outside?”
Young kid.
Also, if a child entered this world who clearly realized that this world was fake.
‘What kind of life will I live?’
just a playground.
‘Kids don’t play losing games.’ because it’s no fun
‘Why doesn’t Harvits die? What is the reason why it is so close to being invincible that it overcomes extreme odds?’
Was it already designed that way?
‘Who the hell? Is it a system that allows you to manipulate your own odds? But if that’s possible… …
The world must have already been overflowing with the second Havitz, the second emperor, and the second rich man.
Sumodo asked.
“Why are you talking? So what are Habits?”
Vulcan is out of delusion.
“No, I just felt that way.”
There was zero persuasive power from the assumption of an outside world that did not exist.
‘Even Buddha only fights to get rid of suffering in this world. I don’t know the outside world.’
Balkan looked back at Habitz.
‘But what are you looking at?’
Maybe Harvits… … .
“I want to play more.”
A deep, dark solitude lingered in Havitz’s eyes as he looked up at the sky.
‘I want to have fun.’ “Take him.” Sirone said.
“Teach them what is important. Otherwise, you will be lonely for the rest of your life.”
Mrs. Zhang was furious.
“Who is the insignificant trying to teach? do you know who i am If the government office opens its mouth… …
“Please take me with you!”
When Sirone screamed, Seongeum turned around with a surprised expression.
‘Take me, please!’
I am not angry with the child.
“Have you seen such a spoiled brat!”
Mrs. Jang, who was venomous in its original form, jumped up and slapped Sirone on the cheek.
What returned with a slap was the face of Mrs. Jang, not Sirone.
“ouch??????
At that time when they couldn’t even get angry at the incomprehensible phenomenon, the voice came to them.
“Follow him.”
As soon as Mrs. Jang turned her head and saw the voice, her face was stained with astonishment.
“Hwang, Princess!”
Although it was only from hundreds of meters away that the Holy Sound was actually seen, the nobleman’s eyes could not forget the emperor’s lineage.
“A lowly thing is coming to see the princess!” Voice waved her hand.
“Take your son and go back. The situation is dizzy… …
When Mrs. Jang left with her son, the other wives hurriedly returned home.
The voice said to Sirone.
“Let’s go too. I think I enjoyed it enough.”
“Now tell me what you are thinking. What will happen to you when you return to the imperial castle?”
“You guessed it, why I am not telling you.” “It is helpful to you. But if you listen to me, you won’t have a choice.”
“You can choose.”
“It wouldn’t be a good choice.”
“That is also a matter for me to choose.” Voice sighed.
“Sirone, demons are killing people. If you could stop this, would you do anything?”
“of course.”
“What if I came up with something great that could win this war? Can you marry me?”
“okay.”
It was an out of the blue question, but with Sirone’s resolve, nothing was impossible.
“I will do anything. Of course she loves Amy, but nothing else matters to her.”
Seongeum, who had been looking at Sirone with sad eyes, widened the distance with an eye smile.
“That is enough.”
Sirone’s space was deprived, and the voice of Seongeum, who was moving away alone, remained faint.
-hi. Sirone.
“wait!” Seongeum had already left the place.
“damn! What the hell is it?”
Sirone, who spread his wings and went up to the sky, flew towards Yeomra at full speed.
It was slow compared to voice.
“Voice! Where is the voice!”
As I was walking towards Daejeon and shouting, Ahn-chal appeared and blocked my way.
“stop! No one has access!”
“What is this? Does it make sense to win a war and kill a normal person?”
“The princess suggested it! Aren’t you also sacrificing for the world!”
“Even so, don’t commit suicide! The war doesn’t end with Seong-eum’s death!”
Sirone pushed Anchal’s shoulder and passed.
“I’m going to close the psychic realm!”
My steps stopped abruptly.
“??????what?”
“You must know that demons are endlessly produced. However, if the psychic realm is closed, replenishment is impossible.”
“How is that possible?”
“Miss Hwang will unlock the Immortal Function in the equipment developed by the Jincheon Space Agency. It swallows the entire space of hell with the power of etheric waves.”
‘The psychic realm is closed,’ it meant that no matter what evil humans did, the demons could not come over to reality.
‘I can win.’
My heart was pounding.
“for a moment.”
Horrible thoughts flash through my mind.
“What nonsense are you talking about? Then what about voice? Do you know what your voice sounds like?”
“okay. The spirit of the princess… …
Anchal, who lowered his head, gritted his teeth.
“You will wander through a terrible hell.” forever.

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-854.txt
=============YYYYY=============
ugly (2)
Anchal couldn’t hide his emotions.
“I know it is absurd. But what else is there to do besides this? maybe… … Maybe we can turn around.”
It was the first hope.
‘There’s definitely a chance. If you close the psychic realm… … Hell’s army is just too many.’
Sirone was lost in thought.
‘Something that will never be forgiven. This makes Ma stronger. But this
At this time… …
He would forever be trapped in the spirit of the voice.
“Sirone, the quality is different from the one I chose in Kashan’s capital. With this, Ma is sealed forever. Send the princess. You have your fights.” If the Gustav Empire is not defeated, the demons in the central continent cannot be retreated.
‘Amy.’
My family in Tormia would die.
“I’ll go to Seongeum.”
Is there no way you can tolerate it?
“You guys have lost your temper. You don’t just die, you have to be imprisoned in hell forever. Can you do it?”
“okay! I lost my temper!”
Anchal shouted.
“In this situation, being cool is rather crazy. Not everyone is as tough as you. you are crazy! That we are normal!”
Really?
Is it crazy to turn a blind eye to the death of family members and seek the Holy Spirit in the face of the crisis of a loved one?
Anchal grabbed Sirone by the collar.
“Stay still. just… … don’t think anything It will be over soon. After it’s over, you just have to think about it from then on.”
“Leave this.”
Sirone’s eyes narrowed coldly.
“Unless you want to see what’s really crazy.”
Anchal, who shook his shoulders in shock at the death that seemed like his throat was being cut, untied his collar.
“… … Do you really want to go?” Life also bloomed in Anchal.
“I’m going.”
“I am dying because of you. All of humanity will suffer because of you. Because of you, it’s all because of you!”
couldn’t resist
‘The voice choice is the strongest number. Certainly I can’t outperform her better than her.’
Practice ultimate love.
‘The horse is truly beautiful.’
Everyone dreams of such a world, but in the end, what comes back to Sirone is the condemnation of all mankind.
‘me : yes.’
Ironically, it was Nane who emerged from the crossroads of choice without a single ally.
‘What would you have done?’
I felt like I could hear Nane’s answer.
‘Yes, I am right. but… … Tears flowed down Sirone’s cheeks as he raised his head.
‘You can never be wrong.’
It’s not wrong.
Isn’t it because you’re right, not because you’re not wrong, that you’re protecting this world until the end?
“Calm down, Anchal.”
Sirone gritted his teeth and said.
“What more explanation do you want? No matter what philosophy, what belief, what emotion… …
life is gone
“It’s right to seek the voice.”
“I will kill you.”
Anchal removed the blindfold and opened the Majeongan.
“For the Jincheon Empire, you… … Anchal, whose throat was locked, stopped talking.
Red blood flowed down the Majeongan, which emitted an eerie glow.
“Alive??????
A voice leaked out as if squeezed.
“Save me, my poor lady… …
In fact, everyone knows what to do at the crossroads of choice.
Anchal knelt down and sobbed.
“Save the lady. please… … At the same time as the words fell, Sirone’s body turned into a flash of light and flew towards the Great War.
“Amplifier No. 12 unlocked! Space-Time Interceptor Photonics is ready for action!”
A black pillar resembling a coffin placed in the Great Hall.
Wires were connected in all directions, and blue electricity flashed on the walls.
When the door of the pillar called Gwangcheonseong was opened, there was barely enough space for one person to enter.
All the officials in Jincheon were keeping their seats, but no one could make eye contact with Seongeum.
“father.”
Only Jin Kang, the emperor of Jincheon, was looking down at his daughter, who had chosen eternal hell.
“Be sure to win.”
Sitting crookedly and leaning his head, Jin Kang was silent.
‘Let’s not be afraid.’
Everyone knew the devastating outcome, so Seong-eum also moved on coldly without leaving any more emotion.
Upon entering Gwangcheon Castle, the door slammed shut.
When Sungyin fully opens the immortal function, Gwangcheonseong precisely controls the entire space of the planet.
In that state, close the psychic realm and make the distance between Gustav and the Jincheon Empire across the sea zero.
In this way, it was a strategy for Jincheon’s forces to raid Gustaf’s capital by land.
“The princess has opened the immortal function.”
Officials of the Jincheon Space Agency heard the signal from Kwangcheonseong and reported it.
‘There’s not even a second of hesitation.’
He was proud of his daughter, and for the first time, Jin Kang’s face showed emotion.
“Lungs, Your Majesty… …
That emotion, his face contorted like a monster, belonged to the most angry man in the world.
‘I’ll give you the bone without leaving a single one.’
Kill, kill, and kill again.
He would continue to send the terrible corpses of demons to his daughter, who would be wandering in hell forever.
“Spirit level rises! 60%! 7 do!”
While the report continued, the door to Daejeon was slammed and Sirone entered.
“Voice??????!”
In the eyes of Sirone, who looked around in an instant, the voice was not visible, but a black coffin was standing there.
“damn!”
It wouldn’t be too late.
At that time, Sirone, who had rushed into Gwangcheon Castle, was about to put her hand on the pillar and give it strength.
“What are you doing!”
Jin Kang yelled out loud.
At the same time, Jincheon’s general, Oh Ryongjang, who had lost his voice, surrounded Sirone with their own weapons.
“Back off. No matter what, I have no choice but to kill you.”
Sirone glared at Jinjiang.
“Stop it. please. Don’t do anything you will regret for the rest of your life.”
The words were short because time was running out, but the emotions contained were so huge.
“You will regret it.”
Jin Kang rose from his seat.
“I, and Seongeum, will regret it right before I die. No, voice cannot die.”
“therefore… …
“So what?”
Jin Kang’s eyes radiated an unusual madness.
“What about regrets? Accept it and you’re done. I, my daughter, will take care of it!”
“it’s crazy.”
“That doesn’t matter either.”
Jin Kang held out his hand.
“Bring out the author.”
Yeo-dal, the captain of the Oryongjang, rushed at Sirone brandishing his weapon, the Great Gong.
‘I don’t even have time.’
I had no choice but to defeat Yeo-Dal in the shortest distance using Time Vibration.
bang!
At that moment, the ceiling collapsed and Lian landed next to Sirone and twisted his back.
“Huh!”
The Daejikdo was drawn horizontally, and the four best masters of Jincheon stepped back at the same time.
Kurrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr
At a height of 3 meters, lines of a date were engraved on the walls on all sides, and dust rose.
It had completely cut through the Great War, but it did not collapse because it was perfectly level.
It was in the form of a ceiling, and with its power and precision, Oh Ryongjang’s fighting spirit was quickly broken.
‘Mach’s knight.’
Sirone shouted.
“Lian!”
“I don’t know what it is, but just do it. I’ll take care of it.”
I don’t know what happened, but if it was Sirone’s choice, there was no doubt.
“Immortal function unlock is complete!” The moment the Jincheon Space Bureau staff shouted, Sirone approached Kwangcheonseong and shouted.
“Voice! wait! no!”
There was a hum, and the roar of the light celestial body diminished.
The officials turned their heads with a surprised expression, and Jin Kang’s face also had a reason.
“Last name, voice… …
At the time Sirone spoke, blue light emanated from the completely sealed mineral spring.
“no!”
An official from the Jincheon Space Agency shouted.
“Start Gwangcheonseong operation! I will seal the psychic realm and connect the realms of Gustav and Jincheon!”
“miss… …
Anchal, who came running late, knelt down, and Oh Ryongjang also lowered his head with a sorrowful face.
“I will not forget the sacrifice of the princess.”
Ryan shouted.
“Sirone! Are you done?”
Of course not.
“I’ll be back!”
If you fully open the immortal function, you will never be able to return to reality… … .
‘I can’t let it go like this!’
Sirone was an infinite wizard.
As the light of Yahweh spread, the spirit of Sirone expanded into an infinite realm.
The feeling of intertwining information was enormous, but Sirone did not miss the voice.
‘Hey there!’
Since it is the state of the mental body, there is no criterion for specifying Pia.
However, to express it in Sirone’s feeling, it was clear that he was holding the hand of Seong-eum, who was heading to the other world.
“don’t go.”
At the entrance where the flames of hell were blazing, Sungyin slowly turned around.
“You came, Sirone. It is you.”
“There is no need for this. No matter how hellish the world is, it is wrong for someone to become like this.”
Seongwoo shook his head.
“It’s already late. I am not an infinite wizard. and… … I have no intention of going back.”
“I won’t let go.”
Sirone held Seongeum’s hand even tighter.
“I will definitely take you.”
It’s just a feeling that’s happening on a mental level, but the voice sounds like it’s smiling.
“You and me, and me.”
The 3 competitors with the highest kars.
“Each of them had convictions worthy of respect. But Sirone, I believe that fulfillment is not everything.”
Sirone’s spirit trembled.
“What are you talking about? do not do that. Let’s go back for a moment. We can go back and talk.”
I feel like I’m holding Seongeum’s hand, but I don’t actually hold anything.
“I hope you don’t hate me too much. You and he both understand the world better than anyone else.”
“okay. I will when you come back If I send you away like this, those who remain will not be able to live.”
“it is not so.”
As long as hell cannot be eliminated, Buddha and Yahweh will be at odds forever.
“When the three of us drink tea and chat… …
The voice’s spirit began to fade.
“… … There was a time when I thought it would be nice.” Sirone desperately grabbed it.
“wait. please.”
Decomposed to such a degree that it could no longer be dismantled, she escaped from Sirone’s mind.
“No eh eh!”
The last words of the voice were heard.
– I respect you, Sirone.
The innocence of her inability to convey her true feelings to the end made her even more angry.
Shiro, who felt the holy sound that had fallen to hell, concentrated all reason on one point.
“Aaaaaaa!”
Shiro, who came to her senses in the realm of infinity, frowned and bowed.
“Aaaaaaa! Aaaaaa!”
anger.
As the uncontrollable anger exploded, the light of Yahweh surrounding Sirone began to burn black.
“I-that… …
Anchal’s face turned pale.
‘The incarnation of Yahweh is disappearing.’
Clearly human emotions, especially anger, are all that make up Sirone.
“… … What about the psychic realm?” It was a low voice, but the Jincheon Space Bureau official was terrified to the point of dizziness.
“Close, it’s closing.”
“Let’s go, Lian.”
Lian put the large straight sword over his shoulder and asked.
“Where’?”
“Gustav.”
Sirone’s eyes glared at the front terribly.
“I will kill them all.”
The air in the hall froze at the words of the ruthless wizard who had lost his fraternity.
The moment they encountered that cold energy, there was only one image that came to everyone’s mind.
‘ monster.’
Contrary to expectations, it was not violent.
‘I’m waiting.’
As if he was happy that the prison door was open, he was smiling coldly at the world.

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-855.txt
=============YYYYY=============
ugly (3)
Jincheon’s 200,000 elite troops glared at the Gustav Empire, which stood across the huge border.
‘I can’t believe this is really possible.’
The two empires connected through the spatial distortion of the light celestiality could be said to be the height of magic.
‘Princess… …
Rumors spread to the Jincheon army.
Everyone knew that Seong-eum sacrificed himself to create the present opportunity.
‘I’m not afraid of death either.’
The reason the demons can fight without sparing themselves is because they are reborn in the fire of hell.
But now it was blocked by the voice.
And her sacrifice beyond death raised the morale of the Jincheon army to the realm of the demons.
Lian did not belong to any unit and stayed by Sirone’s side.
‘It will be a battle that will mark a stroke in history.’
This is because from now on, the number of all demons to be killed will be fixed as objective power.
‘But Sirone?????
Lian looked at Sirone, who was glaring at Gustav with murderous eyes.
‘Are you really going to be okay?’
The person Rian is looking at now is not Yahweh who saves the world, but a sorcerer with a vengeful spirit.
His anger was cold like a wizard, but he couldn’t be 100% rational.
“let’s go.”
Before Jincheon’s general, Oh Ryongjang, could give orders, Sirone crossed the border alone.
One step to jump over the whole huge sea.
Lian followed after Sirone, who cast teleportation and stretched out coolly.
“Whoa! Whoa!”
The appearance of rushing with the law of Maha was the same speed as flying in the sky.
Oh Ryongjang, who watched the two disappear in an instant, gave instructions to the troops.
“All troops sortie!”
With a huge shout, an army of 200,000 invaded the Gustav Empire.
“Sirone! too fast!”
Rian, who caught up with the speed matching the connection of teleportation, turned to Sirone and shouted.
“damn!”
He didn’t expect an answer, but the moment he saw Sirone’s expression, Lian was convinced.
‘It’s not Sirone.’
To be precise, it was as if two sirones with two different personalities were overlapping each other.
Yahweh who practices love for all things.
What a human being had to accept to contain that impossible state was anger that knew no bounds.
‘Schizophrenia.’
It may not be a pathological symptom, but Yahweh cannot be lost unless the one mind splits into two.
‘see.’
From the point where Gustav’s imperial castle, Marsak, was left 100 kilometers away, the demon tribe’s army was spread out.
The demon scout who discovered Sirone and Lian fell to the unit in a parabolic arc.
And after a while, the demon army began to spread like a huge ice cube boiling in one second.
4 I…
Another voice of her own was heard in Sirone’s head, who had her eyes on the enemies.
‘I wanted to become a wizard.’
think you worked hard
‘Because it was something I liked and I was happy.’
Of course, I had the thought that I would succeed as a wizard and make money, and I didn’t want to make my family suffer any more.
‘I’m a human too.’
But I knew what was really important.
‘Purity.’
magic itself.
Other than the thought of wanting to be the best at what I love, I had no desires.
‘But when I came out to the world… … Rather than being good at magic, just breathing and living was the most difficult.
Things to be responsible for, things to handle.
A lot of cards to choose from, but none of them can be discarded.
‘The only thing I can throw away is.’
I was myself.
‘No matter how hard it is.’
Seriously, out of all the cards I had, I was the only one I could discard.
‘I just need to be patient.’
Responsibilities are endlessly piled on my shoulders, and the things I have to handle grow like a mountain… … .
‘I came to my senses at some point.’ It means that I am carrying all mankind.
“Sirone! Get ready!”
When the demons reached 100 meters in front, Lian shouted, but Shirone did not respond.
“Sirone!”
Casting teleportation, he was only moving forward.
‘I hope no one is having a hard time.’ Of course, the world is full of people I hate, but I want them to be happy too.
I’m serious.
‘I wonder where the bomb rotation started.’
Why couldn’t I beat you?
To be honest, deep down in my heart, I think I desperately wanted it.
‘If this is the case, I’d rather end it all.’ let’s blow it up
‘There is nothing to be ashamed of. Stop when the world closes If everything disappears, nothing is difficult. Yes, it ends here.’ it’s over
“Sirone!”
At the same time as Rian shouted, Shirone’s face crumpled terribly.
“Aaaaaaa!”
The sphere of light that floated in his right hand vibrated terribly and emitted white light.
“die! human!”
The face of the demons aiming at the spear and flying into it was invisible to Sirone’s eyes.
Just a feeling, a certain feeling.
“Aaaaaaaaaaa!”
I want to destroy it right now, it’s terrible
Hateful feeling.
‘Purity?’
The original intention of philanthropy has disappeared somewhere.
‘It’s like being in the middle of the universe.’
The planet I came from looks as small as a star, so I doubt that it is really my starting point.
‘Because I even lost my direction.’
All I have left is the weak inertia of the first step I would have taken from where I started.
‘I can’t do anything.’
You can only hope that inertia will take you safely to your destination.
outside.
The moment a flash of light hit the demon, an explosion occurred that blew away a radius of several tens of meters.
“this… …
Receiving the shock wave, Lian stopped walking and hurriedly raised her arms to cover her face.
“explosion?”
Photon Cannons are not bombs.
‘It’s like it fell in the middle of the sea.’
If I don’t push the water out, I’ll drown, but there’s no one to help me.
‘You know what’s really scary?’ that you are alone
The fact that no one was there was so obvious that there was not even a voice asking for help.
‘If you know there’s no one… … Even the expression doesn’t change.
Neither the frightened face nor the screams are meaningless.
Just struggling quietly in the silence.
The pupils are dilated, the face is frozen, but the mind is strangely clear.
‘Struggling to try something… …
it was Yahweh
Balls of fire rose from all directions, as if space were melting.
“Kuaaaaa!”
Hundreds of photon cannons per second.
However, the difference from before was that the photon cannon’s flash caused an explosion before reaching the target.
‘ light’?’
In the magical world, there is no way to distinguish the speed of light, which is divided into four categories, with human eyes.
However, Rian felt that Sirone’s photon cannon was closer to the light than before.
“Aaaaaaa!”
Every time a shout erupted from the weak wizard’s body, the demons were burning up.
Another photon cannon floated in Sirone’s hand.
‘die!’
The speed at which a flash with mass extends beyond quasi-light speed and reaches sub-light speed.
‘die!’
Compared to the speed of the photon cannon, the particles in the atmosphere were as if they were still.
Aaaaaang!
There were no demons standing still in the place where the entire area melted due to the high fever.
Realizing how dangerous the sub-light photon cannon was, Lian gritted his teeth.
‘It’s not magic that you cast while assuming a target.’
If it was literally a way to hit the entire space, even the civilians in the imperial castle could not be an exception.
‘damn!’
Lian left Shirone killing the demons and flew to Gustav’s imperial castle.
‘Sirone, will you really regret it?’ If you’re not going to live mad forever, shouldn’t you avoid the worst kind of life-threatening situation?
‘I don’t regret it.’
Even though he ruthlessly trampled on the endlessly invading demon army, his heart did not waver.
‘I will end this war.’
Everything is in a mess, and now I can’t guess the location even with my five senses.
‘I’m feeling it.’
As much as the emotion of the moment he took the first step, it was still shining deep in his heart.
‘I’m going back.’
When this terrible war is over, you will be able to return to the place of your innocence.
“Ataraxia.”
Hexagonal.
After passing through the colorful magic circle, Shirone’s mental power expanded as if it would explode.
Recalling the number of demons perishing per unit area, Sirone felt thrilled.
‘Asmodians are decreasing.’
kill and die
The fact that it can no longer be replenished is the core hope that Sacred Sound has brought to this world.
“Huh…
Sirone’s face cries when he recalls the voice
turned into a prize
“what’s this.”
Does this sound come back?
“What is this? Aaaaaa!”
The moment when the width of the light that spread out with a rage broke through 200 meters in diameter.
Woooooooooooooooooooooooooh!
An explosion occurred in a radius of several kilometers.
Imperial Marsak.
“Commander! 200,000 troops of the Jincheon Empire are running towards the capital!”
“what?”
August Guy, the first commander of Gustav and Lian’s older brother, wrinkled his brow.
“What nonsense are you talking about? The army of hell is occupying the sea of Jincheon, but how… …
Gai stopped talking and was lost in thought.
‘It is meaningless to investigate the cause of what has already happened.’
He immediately changed his expression and took the report brought by the messenger and read it.
“Is it spatial manipulation?”
But how?
Although he was not well versed in magic, he had never heard of a wizard who manipulated space to the extent that the sea collapsed.
‘Genuine sound.’
If possible, there would be only her.
“How long does it take to get to the capital?”
“If you mobilize all the forces of hell, you can keep them locked up for at least 3 days.”
The Hell’s army in Gustav’s capital reached 50% of the total force.
Above all, it was a great strength that there were a large number of corps commanders who could open the Pandemonium.
“good. I will send a telegram to His Majesty. Fight all-out war until the general military orders come down.”
“Urgent! It’s urgent!”
A second herald rushed in.
“A man presumed to be a wizard is approaching while annihilating the troops of the demon tribe before the Jincheon army.”
“Wizard? How many are there?”
“that… … According to reports, there is only one.”
Guy’s eyes lit up.
‘It’s that guy.’
Yahweh.
If it was the army of the Jincheon Empire, they would have to come up with countermeasures with the army commanders since Yahweh came.
“Okay, now… … Just as Guy was about to turn around, a third messenger came in.
“Report! One swordsman is approaching the imperial castle, surpassing the demon army.”
“Are you a prosecutor this time?”
“It’s not hitting too hard yet, but it has the fastest approach. At this rate, we will arrive in an hour.”
It was clear that he was not an ordinary person just by jumping over the army of hell.
“Hoo? who?”
“that is??????
The messenger sent over what was written in the report.
You paused for a moment.
“Knight of Mach.”
Guy’s eyebrows twitched.
“This is a man named Ogent Lian.” Gai’s expression did not change even after the report had fallen.
“Hmm.”
After wandering around the civil war, lost in thought for a while, he stopped and looked up.
“Here you come, my brother.”
Gai’s eyes, which had been shimmering with madness, were filled with friendly feelings for a moment.

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-856.txt
=============YYYYY=============
ugly (4)
The Valkyrie units that were defending the borders of Jive, Molton, and Bornai all retreated.
While the army of Hell moved south, Harbitz took a walk through the ruined Kingdom of Jive.
Natasha escorting him asked.
“There are only corpses, what are you doing here? Going to the battlefield would be much more fun.” The Balkans have already led the army of Hell to the south.
“I wouldn’t have died.”
Harvits added.
“I have to kill you.”
Natasha tilted her head with a cute face like a doll.
“Havitz is cruel.”
Now that the army of hell had left this place, the survivors must have felt hope for life.
“Can’t we just leave it alone? You are pitiful.”
It wasn’t a voice full of emotion.
“Natasha, you are so strange.” As Harvits moved her steps, Natasha followed her with a precise stride.
“I’m weird?”
“Vulcan, Sumodo, Zeta. They’re all funny guys, but you’re a little different. What should I say?”
Harvits turned to her.
“You seem like a nice person.”
Should I call him a hoin?
“Your heart is also weak. Didn’t you take revenge on the assailants who broke your back?”
Natasha propped up her head with both hands.
“What do you do with revenge? It’s not like I can dance again.” she emphasized, raising her index finger. “And I’m never a good person
there! How many humans have I killed so far?”
“That’s right.”
Harvits tapped the bodies with his foot to see if there were any survivors left.
“That is why it is strange. You are killing countless humans… …
A man was lying under a wooden plank.
“On the other hand, if you were on the human side, everyone would have liked you. And he must have saved many people against me.” That’s what it feels like.
“Hmm.”
Natasha frowned in thought.
“What does that matter? Anyway, I’m going with you. And I have no intention of joining the other side.”
Havitz said, removing the wooden planks.
“I also enjoy playing with you. All I’m saying is, you can do whatever you want.”
“I am doing that.”
After the conversation, Havitz looked down at the man lying on the cold floor.
“wake up.”
Like a lie, the man’s body wriggled.
“Sal, please save me.”
Harbitz pulled out the longsword from his waist and immediately thrust it straight into the man’s heart.
“Gagging!”
And looked into the dying man’s eyes.
‘Resignation. regret. resentment.’
The eyes that seemed to integrate a person’s life into one.
‘come.’
At the end of those eyes, an inexplicable feeling flared up for a split second.
‘What is it?’
It was as if he was seeing the evaporation of life itself, something never seen in the eyes of a dead corpse.
Natasha asked.
“Why are you obsessed with that?”
“I’m just curious. I don’t get tired of watching it over and over again. It’s like an addiction. That’s why I keep killing.”
Natasha wasn’t particularly interested.
“If you want to kill more, let’s go somewhere else. I don’t think there are many survivors here.”
“Then go to the village… …
Where Havitz’s finger pointed, instead of the village, there were people’s figures.
When Natasha turned her head, more than 100 people were already surrounding her.
Those equipped with strange mechanisms, those wearing robes like wizards, and swarthy ones taking off their tops.
It was a community of immortals.
The sun had fallen and the son-in-law was gloomy, but each prayer seemed to burn like the sun.
Three men and women walked out through the crowd of Eternals.
“what’s the matter? what’s the matter?”
He was clearly a different being from the other 100 people.
‘It’s a peculiar feeling.’
Natasha’s point was not wrong in that she was an executive of the Ten Commandments who had lived for over 10,000 years.
Banishing, a Norse nihilist and ranked 5th in the Order of the Ten, asked, holding out a huge brush hanging from his back.
“What are you guys? Jive must have been destroyed already, so why are you hanging around here?”
“You don’t have to listen. Because I can take a look.”
Osirante, a woman from the Mecca tribe and ranked 8th in the Order of the Ten Commandments, saw an egg-sized drone.
Through augmented reality, Havitz’s information surfaced.
“what? This guy, Gustav’s emperor.”
“Hoo?”
Kergo warrior, 6th rank of the Ten Commandments, this Tohka held up a thick sword.
“Emperor?”
Natasha’s eyes lit up at the thorns of a hedgehog emanating from his body.
‘It’s strong.’
Body Engineer Itoka.
With a sword, he was the strongest warrior in Kergo who was said to surpass the ninth-ranked Baknyeo.
“It would make a nice booty. I never thought I would come to find a Buddha and meet such a big man.”
After Ankera disappeared, the leaders of the Tenrokai scattered all over the world.
Then, it was the current executives who gathered their will to find Nane and raise the world again.
Vanishing, the team leader, looked over the horizon.
‘It’s not easy to find since he’s with Shura. I’m good at hiding from weak subjects.’
Havitz asked, twitching his mustache.
“Are you our enemies?”
Mecha technologist, Osirante, answered.
all.
“Emperor Gustav is the atrocity of the era. Not really an enemy, but not an ally either.”
“Then can’t I just let it go?” The Eternals burst into laughter.
“Puhahaha! what? I expected it because I was the head of hell, but if there are no demons, it’s nothing, right?”
Harvits was calm.
“I don’t want to fight for a while. I want to kill those who have lost their will to fight.”
I wanted to look into the last spark of life more.
“Is that so, you son of a bitch?” He was not a pacifist, but even to the Eternals, Havitz’s misdeeds were repulsive.
“Hasn’t it been fun killing and killing all this time? Let’s see if you can enjoy it even though you’re being beaten.”
Harvits turned around.
“Natasha.”
“huh?”
“I will go first. This is annoying.” Natasha nodded her head.
“huh. Go first.”
The Eternals drew their weapons.
“Are you going to run away from your colleagues? Now that I see him, he’s not the head of hell, he’s a scumbag.” Accusations poured in, but Havitz did not answer, and Natasha came into their sight.
“The Shinigami’s martial arts.”
Natasha, who moved to her seat, lifted her arms and bent her knees inward.
Just before her knees hit the ground, the skeleton incarnation floated 10 meters high and connected steel wires to her limbs.
“Incarnation?”
It’s a high level, but basically it was the same as basic knowledge for the Eternals who lived more than 1,000 years.
“There is no need to waste time. kill.”
At the same time as the Kergo warriors fluttered, a cool light appeared in Natasha’s eyes.
Shinigami’s martial arts – a killing machine.
An afterimage of a doll dancing madly. “Aaaaaaa!”
Ignoring all the sounds that seemed like the world was going to end, Havitz just walked towards the village.
And finally, all sounds died away.
“Gagging!”
As Natasha’s fist pierced the pit of the stomach, blood flowed back from O Sirante’s mouth.
With that, the battle ends.
It took less than 4 minutes from start to finish.
‘What the… …
The augmented reality data transmitted by the drone a while ago flickered in Osirante’s retina.
Not having the opportunity to analyze Natasha’s physical abilities was more regrettable than death.
‘Isn’t God crazy?’
How do you make something like this?
Obviously, it must be a creature created by a god madly, or not created by a god.
‘In my opinion… …
Undecided, Osirante collapsed on the cold floor like the others.
“Whoa.”
Natasha wiped the sweat from her forehead with the back of her hand.
It was a short battle, but a radius of several hundred meters was turned into a mess as if it had been bombed.
“They are great guys.”
Judging from Natasha’s experience, they were among the best in the world today.
‘That’s why I go when Habitz tells me to go.’
Excitement was everything.
“Havitz.”
Bouncing up like a spring on her foot, she caught up with Havitz.
“it’s over?”
“huh. Killed them all.”
In Havitz’s head, the only being defined as ‘strong’ was Natasha.
“I guess you weren’t happy.”
“What’s the fun of fighting? It’s hard and annoying. At least I can dance.”
Was the act of killing the three strongest people in the world nothing more than dancing under the moonlight for me, Tasha?
“Then when are you happy?” Natasha, lost in her thoughts as she gazed at the full moon, turned her head to Havitz.
“How about Harvits? Are you glad I killed them?”
“It’s fun. Winning is fun.” Natasha smiled contentedly.
“Then I’m happy too.”
Harvits blinked.
“You are such a strange child.”
All of Gustav’s four skills were strange, but Natasha’s temperament was a little different.
It must be because, unlike the other friends, there is no particular reason for her to be ‘Havitz’.
“It’s all burned here too.”
The two entered the village and looked around at the scene that had already turned into ruins.
Havitz, who was excited about killing the survivors, saw a moment of disappointment in his eyes.
“You are doing too much. No matter how many of my subordinates you kill all of them without leaving one.”
Shouldn’t we leave something to enjoy?
Just as I was thinking about that, I heard the cry of a newborn child wafting through the night air.
‘Survivors!’
The two met eyes and ran to an old shack that was almost collapsing.
“Did only the child live?”
As Harvits spoke, the crying of the child in the shack stopped.
“Hmm.”
Harvitz pushed his foot under the door, and the smell of rot stung his nostrils as it opened.
Under the moonlight streaming down through the shingle roof, a fat woman was breastfeeding her baby. The ragged teeth of her snub-nosed protruded out of her lips, and her eyes were her face slit.
“Are you here to kill me?”
Harvits went into the house.
“okay.”
“wait. Feed the baby some milk.”
Harvits waited.
A woman breastfeeding her baby raised her head.
“And if you kill me, you will take this child and raise it. Otherwise, you will starve to death.”
Harvits examined the child’s face.
“Is it your child?”
≪Uh huh?
“My father?”
“I don’t know. This is a very poor village. I sold my body to the mercenaries for a piece of bread. One of them must be Abbie. Is he dead or alive… …
“You eat well.”
Harvits put the sword down on the floor and crawled to the child the woman was carrying.
The breath of the child sucking desperately sounded like it was out of breath.
“Is it that delicious?”
The woman asked as she watched Havitz eat without blinking.
“Would you like to try it too?”
Harvits’ gaze went up.
” me too?”
“Because I have two breasts. If you want to eat, eat. Give me some bread instead. Do you have any bread?”
Harvits nodded.
As I waited on my stomach like an animal, the woman turned her hips and pushed the other breast out to Havitz.
“ruler. Come this way.”
Havitz, who was staring at the fetid woman’s breasts, pursed his lips and closed his eyes.
side. side.
As the sucking sound intensified, Havitz’s eyelids began to quiver.
‘life.’
It is connected.
side. side.
Natasha watched in silence as the two children were buried in the woman’s breasts.

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-857.txt
=============YYYYY=============
Singularity (1)
how much time has passed
The woman who was breastfeeding said while gently pushing Havitz’s shoulder.
“it hurts. Stop eating now.”
Habitz slowly opened his mouth, and his face was covered with cold sweat.
“ha.”
The taste of breast milk was sweet and fishy, but Havitz’s head was completely empty.
Rest is the main thing that fills the 10-minute blank that is not even in my memory.
is thrilled.
‘This is the beginning.’
A woman’s breast milk seemed to contain every kind of pleasure created by man.
“Do you want to be a baby?”
At the woman’s question, Habitz raised his head.
‘What do you want to become?’
The world gives him many names, but in reality, he has no defined ego in his head.
Only the messy thoughts and the occasional bursts of pleasure in the variation of those thoughts are all.
“Aye. Aye.”
Harvits let out a baby’s cry.
The appearance of acting innocence with a dry face gave me goosebumps in that it was the height of pretense.
‘This is chaos.’
It’s like an aborted baby.
A vague form of living as a child in the memory of parents, even though they were never born in reality.
‘The point at which all kinds of contradictions are compressed without being resolved.’
Natasha understood Havitz.
‘If I amplify the agony of the moment when I discovered that my two children were drowning, would it become Habits?’ and now awakened
“Aye. Aye.”
Realizing that he couldn’t be anything, Havitz defined himself by himself.
‘I am Satan.’
? ? ?
A village 17 kilometers from Harvits.
In the village that was first swept by demons and plundered by thieves, the breaths of those waiting for death could be heard.
“Huh.”
A woman with her left leg cut off and bleeding profusely was crawling on the floor.
“baby.”
Where she reached out lay a child who had been pierced by an arrow.
“Mom, it hurts.”
Tears welled up in the woman’s eyes, and there were me and Shura watching the gruesome sight.
“It’s okay, sweetie.”
stroking the child’s head, she said.
“If you die… …
I gritted my teeth and tried to hold back the sadness, but I couldn’t contain the misery.
“You will be fine when you die.”
As Nane pressed her lips together, a woman’s heart-rending screams rang out.
“Aaaaaa! Aaaaaa!”
The woman who screamed next to her dying child eventually died of excessive blood loss.
Nane gently closed her eyes and put her palms together.
“May you live in paradise.”
said Shura.
“Stop going back. It’s not even about fighting demons.”
I was puzzled when Nane, who had been hiding in the mountains for training, suddenly asked to go out into the world.
“no. There is nothing left to do by sitting still. Let’s look around the world a little more.”
“What are you guys?”
A huge shadow approached from the black darkness.
They were demons who broke away from the group during the war, and each of them was injured.
Shura got ready to fight.
“Back off, if you don’t want to die.”
“Cheuk, that’s ridiculous. Do you think we will be scared if the psychic realm is closed?”
you asked
“The psychic realm… … closed?”
Since it had only been a day, Nane hadn’t heard rumors about the sacred sound.
“You don’t need to know any of these things. It is our job to quietly become the object of our anger.”
Nane had no interest in demons.
“The psychic realm is closed.”
Even when the altar was opened, it was thought that humans would easily be swept away by the Great Purification.
‘Humans are strong.’
It was true that he was beaten by Gaold, but it was true that he took the world too lightly.
“Go back. From now on, do not commit evil deeds and live in repentance.”
The demons looked at each other.
“Puhahaha! What are you talking about? Aren’t you crazy?”
“Don’t do evil to the demons? Some insignificant man preaches to us…”
The faces of the demons froze at the same time.
“A Susanin”
—) — O V2 ?
Turning around with a pale face, Shura saw a haze of light burning from Nane’s body.
“Boo, Buddha… …
It’s not something I didn’t realize.
It was Nane who could become a Buddha again at any time and destroy the world if he wanted to.
“I told you to go back.”
At the same time as Nane’s eyes opened wide, the demons scattered in all directions without even time to scream.
As the enemies disappeared, the energy that seemed to tear the world apart disappeared like a lie.
“Master, why are you holding back?”
“It is not yet time.”
Realizing it doesn’t mean the world will change.
“Sirone, a philanthropist who loves and sympathizes with even the demons. I want to know a little more about his thoughts.”
If the Buddha’s point of view is not shaken even when he sees the world from the level of benevolence.
‘It truly becomes the right thing.’
Nane turned to Shura and said.
“One extreme cannot support the whole. Sirone must be thinking the same thing as me.”
All those who asserted themselves in their respective extremes were passing through a singularity.
‘After going around like that… … Whatever it is, it will end.
The morning sun has risen.
Jincheon’s troops, who entered Gusta Pro through space distortion in Gwangcheonseong, were devastated at the scenery unfolding in front of them.
“What the hell is this… …
The corpses of demons were piled up everywhere you could see.
“Has there been a disaster?”
All the buildings were in a state of collapse as if a natural disaster had swept through them.
“It is the power of Yahweh. Maybe it was something we didn’t even have to do.”
Oh Ryongjang realized something new.
‘The princess.’
Seongeum’s sacrifice boosted Jincheon’s morale, but what she really wanted to rely on was Sirone.
‘So I spent the day with him… … My eyes were red with tears.
“No, we can’t stay like this either. This place was created by the noblest person in Jincheon. We will definitely win.”
Jincheon’s army again moved toward the capital.
From far away on the horizon, the screams of demons came over like a shower.
Sirone didn’t run anymore.
‘If I had closed the world… … Seongeum would have fallen into hell and not have to suffer forever.
‘I can stand it… …
I thought others would be able to tolerate it.
‘I am the only one who knows no pain.’
If the world is saved with the spirit of philanthropy, everyone will be happy, but Seongeum cannot return.
‘Destroy.’
Waves of light that seemed blinding spread endlessly around Sirone, who was moving her steps.
The god particles that reached the sub-light speed level swept away everything around them.
“Aaaaaa! Run away!”
The demons occupying Pamelion, a city near the capital, were scattered in all directions.
They regarded Yahweh seriously, but now they were screaming in fear in front of Sirone.
“escape! do… …
Time slows down as if it has almost stopped.
“net… … hit… …
Behind the backs of the demons that filled the landscape, particles of light were inserted into infinity.
Before the explosion even occurred, the body of the giant was scattered like dust, followed by a shock wave.
Cuckoo Cuckoo Cuckoo!
As if a flood had broken out, light was filling every corner of the street and sweeping away everything.
“Oh, that’s scary.”
In a situation where no one could look back, there was only one person watching Sirone.
Her jet-black hair hung down to her waist, and her face was as pure as an angel.
It was Merania, the commander of the 2nd Army of Hell.
“Yahweh is very angry.”
Even the particles of light rushing at an unresponsive speed could not get anywhere near her.
“What should I do, Commander? Are we all going to die like this?”
A low-ranking demon with no title stood close to her.
“Leave it alone. When a purebred gets angry, you have to calm him down until he calms down.”
That’s why I thought it was meaningful even though 10 million demons died.
“What if you still can’t get angry?”
Even in Merania’s thoughts, Sirone’s anger was so terrifying that the world would end.
“What then… …
Her lips lifted slightly.
“I have to go and pray.”
“Run quickly!”
Lian, who surrounded the imperial castle Marsak, cut down the demons and evacuated the people.
‘Sirone won’t mind humans.’
You cannot give up Yahweh without that level of determination.
‘I don’t mean to trivialize life.’ It was because death rather became a rest compared to Seongeum, who was imprisoned in eternal hell.
“Go! hurry!”
As Lian cut down the demons, the civilians living in the capital screamed and ran away.
‘There are too many people.’
They stayed up all night and had already fought for more than 12 hours, but there were still many who had not left.
Aaaaaang!
In the battlefield where all kinds of screams were flying, a particularly annoying explosion was heard.
There was a large black-haired figure standing where Lian turned his head at the sound that was obviously meant to draw attention.
The madness of the man with the bizarre smile made Lian’s breath choke.
“brother?”
Although the solid appearance of the past had disappeared, the unique impression of Ogent was still there.
“It’s been a while, Rian.”
eldest son, Ogent Guy.
Lian, facing his eldest brother, whom he had not even heard from since he left home a long time ago, gave a big sword.
“Brother… … How are you here?” Sirone didn’t talk about Guy.
“As you can see, I got ahead.”
Just when Rian couldn’t understand the situation properly, demons attacked Gai from behind.
“There! porridge… … !”
Dozens of demons were split in two by Guy’s single sword that he swung without looking back.
‘An amazing quick sword.’
Ogent’s sword style is honest, and even Rai, who is called a technical genius, does not leave a turbid taste when cutting.
However, Gai’s blow had a violent temperament added to it, as if it had been cut with a saw rather than a sword.
“How did that happen? Have you been living here as a spy all this time?”
“Are you a spy?”
Guy shrugged his arms.
“As you can see, I am Commander-in-Chief Gustav. Hell’s army is beyond my control.” Gai strode toward Lian, who had a confused expression on his face.
“How is your family?”
I couldn’t answer.
“Is Grandpa in good health? Laiya is such a proud guy, and Rayna and Gogeun are so strong that they can get married.”
“Brother, I… …
Before he could finish his words, Gai approached and raised his sword high and slammed it into the ground.
“My cute youngest.”
Then he opened his arms and hugged Lian roughly, rubbing his shaggy cheek.
“I missed you.”
It was a family.
“brother.”
Lian dropped the big sword and hugged Guy.
“I missed you too. How the hell did this happen? come back with me My family is also waiting.”
Guy grabbed Lian’s shoulder and let go.
“You grew up decent. In the past, my back couldn’t even come, but now it’s like me.”
Ryan spoke again with a desperate expression.
“Brother, let’s go back.”
Guy smiled and shook his head.
“I can’t.”
“why? Why not? Whatever my brother did, the family can handle it together.”
“It’s not because of guilt. If it had been there, I wouldn’t have come this far.”
“Then what is it?”
“The ultimate sword. I gave up everything to get there. And Ryan… …
Life bloomed from Gai’s body.
“Neither do you.”
Gai grabbed the sword stuck in the ground and swung it at Lian’s neck.
‘I’m serious.’
Leaning his upper body down, as soon as he picked up the large sword that had fallen to the ground, he swung it upward.
“Oops.”
Gai opened the distance and said with a smile.
“It is a good response. all right No matter how much hyung, if you read life, you should come out like that.”
“I am also a knight. I have no choice but to fight like this.”
“know. Mach’s Knight. It was very strong.”
The moment Lian watched with his mouth shut, the scenery surrounding Gai distorted.
“This?… ”
“Yes, immature little brother.”
Gai said, raising his mad eyes.
“You are not the only one who has the lineage of August Smille.”

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-858.txt
=============YYYYY=============
Singularity (2)
“what?”
Ryan’s expression became serious.
Apparently, the reason why Rian awakened was because the genes of Ogent and Smille were inherited.
‘Hyung too??????
Further up, my grandfather, Ogent Klump, brought the Idea out of his mind.
Gai raised one corner of his mouth.
“You didn’t think you were the chosen one, did you?”
“at all. but… …
It was not something anyone could reach just because memories remained in their genes.
Idea, the ultimate of divine transcendence.
“How far have you gone?”
“well. You can tell by looking at it yourself.”
Lian looked up at the thick smoke rising from beyond the imperial castle, Marsak.
It meant that Sirone had come close enough to the capital, though still far away, to be able to see it with the naked eye.
Lian aimed the great straight sword.
“Finish quickly. I don’t have time.”
“You seem to be mistaken.”
Guy kicked off the ground and charged.
“Your time ends here.”
The moment Gai’s sword struck the great sword, Lian’s right arm was grotesquely twisted.
“The body of the yaksha.”
Functionally speaking, it would be the body wielding the mind.
“You look so easy.”
Guy’s top burst open with a pop, revealing rock-hard muscles.
Wooddeuk. Wooddeuk.
A haze shimmered behind him as if he had become fuel, and his body took the form of a yaksha.
“Aaaaaaa!”
Guy, who had pushed Lian away with great power, delivered an unbelievable series of attacks.
True to the nickname of a berserker, it was only one attack, and Lian could not read the sword’s trajectory.
“Huh!”
As Mach’s blow split the world horizontally, countless afterimages disappeared like illusions.
Gai’s side was cut in half, and blood welled up from both of Rein’s shoulders at the same time.
“Heh. Heh heh heh.” The expressions of the two people watching each other’s wounds regenerate were completely opposite.
“Can I tell you something?”
Gai lowered his sword obliquely and said.
“Just because the Akashic Records restore information doesn’t mean you are immortal.”
Ryan was listening.
“Physics is nothing more than a representation. It’s just a result of being implemented by a signal. When you cut a human, you think that death is because the body is separated, but behind that, the information that makes up the body is manifested.”
it’s called life
“Idea restores information, not the body. So even if you lose your head, you can survive. but… …
Gai lowered his lower body and grabbed the sword in reverse.
“How about cutting information?”
As he swung his sword wide, Gai’s arm exploded and the world split into two.
“Keugh!”
It had already been disintegrated into Gai’s black powder, and Lian, who had no strength to evade, raised his great straight sword to block it.
‘It is not destroyed.’
Of course, 〈Idea〉 remained upright even in the midst of splitting up the information of the world.
However, the vibration that permeated the sword was enough to crush all of Lian’s finger bones.
“Cheak!”
The moment Gai dropped the Daejikdo on the ground, Gai kicked the ground.
“Information is also a physical force.”
Lian looked down at her crumbled palm and gritted her teeth.
‘I can’t recover.’
The information contained in Gai’s sword destroyed Lian’s information recorded in the Akashic Records.
“how is it? Isn’t it cool?”
Lian hurriedly threw himself away, and Gai caught up and cut his body.
“A genius named Ogent.”
Although he escaped dismemberment, Lian’s body was a messed up spear with traces of Gai’s cuts.
‘Is it cool?’
Ryan remembered.
It is not a memory with an image, but in the feeling transmitted through the genes, Ogent… … .
‘It’s not cool at all.’
He was just one man struggling to live.
“Big!”
Breathing is the hardest.
It is the most difficult thing to exhale one more hohom when the borderline of death has already been passed.
‘Move.’
<Idea> flew in front of Lian with both hands hanging down and blocked it.
It vibrated with a huge shock wave, but the Daejik Sword withstood Gai’s power to the end.
said Ryan.
“Did that happen?”
He was always cool-headed and sensible.
“Is that why you went crazy?”
Just because you want to be the best at something like a sword?
“I am the strongest!”
The moment Gai raised his arms again to strike, Lian’s finger bones regenerated.
Grabbing the handle of the great sword with both hands, he rotated his body with great force.
“I’ve given up my beliefs!”
Both the vertical and horizontal swords were fast enough to be undetectable by the human eye.
“Gagging!”
Ryan’s speed was much faster.
Kurrurrurrung!
All the buildings within a huge radius collapsed, and Gai, whose upper and lower body was separated, fell to the ground.
“Tsk tsk, then yes. I wondered if he had grown up a little, but he still couldn’t take off the maknae.”
Guy’s lower body began to regenerate from the waist down.
“What if I only cut the body? You taught me how to kill.”
Lian pointed the straight sword at Guy’s chin.
“Come back. It’s your last chance. I don’t care what my brother did. Live with responsibility for the rest of your life.”
Gai, who returned to his normal body, flung himself away from where Rian was aiming.
“It’s your responsibility… …
And Guy, who was lost in thought, smiled.
“What are you doing these days?”
Just a moment ago, they tried to kill each other like enemies, but Lian responded obediently.
So it was a family.
“article. I am Sirone’s sword. As long as my lord is trying to save the world, he is my enemy.”
“Sirone? Ah, Sirone.”
Oh Dae-seong of the Ivory Tower.
“good. I’ll just let you go today Fighting while hanging around
Embarrassed.”
“Brother go too.”
Guy pointed to the back.
“You don’t have time to worry about me, do you?”
The smoke created by Sirone’s destruction filled the sky.
He knew that his anger would not be relieved by simply massacring tens of millions of demons.
‘damn.’
Ryan said as he looked around town.
“First, I will save people. Brother, don’t do anything, just stay. Talk to you again when this is sorted out.”
“Not fun. Would you go out with a girl if you were serious about everything?”
Ryan turned around.
“… … I mean alive.”
What remained in the place where Lian left was not only the cold air after the death struggle.
“Family.”
Come to think of it, it seems that there is such a thing as a family.
“Run away! Run away!”
In the distance, I could see the splendid and huge walls surrounding the Gustaf capital.
Sirone’s face was pale as she walked from a distance of 100 kilometers while defeating demons.
They fought for more than 24 hours without a break, and the aftermath of the Ataraxian bullet system was truly enormous.
When the wave of light disappeared, the demons scattered in all directions glanced back.
“Are you satisfied now?”
The command given by the corps commanders was ‘Just die’ until Sirone’s anger is resolved.
“Ataraxia… …
Tears of blood flowed from Sirone’s eyes as he floated a huge magic circle.
“Hex bullets.”
The demons’ eyes widened.
“Aaaaaaaaa!”
Once again, an enormous curtain of light spread, and a beam of light at the speed of light blew up everything outside the capital.
And at that point, the death toll of the demons exceeded 200 million, equivalent to 20% of the army of hell.
‘It’s refreshing.’
Feeling the world being purified, Sirone looked up at the sky and sobbed.
‘If only it had been like this from the beginning… …
Wouldn’t the voice be sacrificed?
“What is love?”
what a terrible place
Is she enduring endless pain while being caught in the cruel environment of hell?
‘He’s a strong man. More than anyone I know… …
I remembered the image of Seong-eum boldly accepting the pain with her back straight.
However, the image immediately changed to an imagination of voice screaming and screaming.
“Die!”
Particles of light spread around Sirone, and once again the demons dispersed in smoke in an almost stopped time. The demons watching from the high sky spoke to the 2nd Corps Commander, Merania.
“It was a big deal. I don’t see any signs of letting go. Will this be the end of the world?”
If it went on like this, it was only a matter of time.
“I guess so.”
Merania, who was looking at the ground while lying in the air, twisted the central axis and stood up.
“I guess I have no choice but to go.”
The demons were surprised.
“It’s not possible! Why would the most beautiful and pure of the demons want to go! Aren’t there other corps commanders?”
More than anything, wasn’t it the 2nd place in the ranking?
“What can I do? I don’t know if it’s killing Yahweh, but if it’s the one who gets hurt, I’m the right person.”
her demon world is darkness.
It is impossible to measure how great Yahweh’s anger is, but he was the perfect person to hold out until the anger is resolved.
The demon burst into tears.
“Aww! Miss Merania! It’s not possible!”
“Don’t come. It’s not worth seeing.”
Leaving the demons behind like that, Merania quickly descended to the ground.
Amid the bombardment of light at great speed, she held out her white hand.
As the disk-shaped black curtain rotated, it absorbed all of the Photon Cannons.
“Brigade commander!”
The demons who noticed the change in the situation stopped escaping and gathered at her all at once.
“The corps commander has arrived! It’s half price from now on!”
The moment she opened the Pandemonium, Sirone wouldn’t be able to go as far as she is now.
“What are you?”
Merania’s eyes shook as Sirone, whose mental powers were still amplified, approached.
‘Buddha.’
If the future is fixed, is it an inevitable history that Yahweh became a Buddha at some point?
“Stop your anger. No matter how much we hate it, isn’t this too much? you are original… …
“shut up.”
Sirone opened her eyes and approached.
“Something like a dirty demon.”
The brigade commanders who were guarding Merania’s side crumpled their faces and held out their weapons.
“How dare you call the corps commander… … !”
Merania raised her hand to block it.
“As the psychic realm was closed, the demons lost their hometown. Your anger is not our fault. Why do you take out your anger on us for what she brought on herself?”
“Is that why you feel unfair?”
“Ma is originally like this. Why do you force repentance? It is humans, not us, who must repent.”
Photon Cannon flew.
A black curtain opened reflexively, but it pierced through and hit Merania’s face.
“Brigade commander!”
Merania, who was motionless with her upper body tilted back, slowly returned to her posture.
Blood ran down her beautiful face.
“I will tell you.”
Sirone moved on.
“Whether humans commit evil or not, whether or not demons came from humans… … There is no fraternity.
“You guys repent.”
As the eyes of the demons burned red, Merania spoke before they acted.
“Asmodians do not repent.”
“Then die.”
As Sirone came closer, all the demons prepared to fight with the risk of extinction.
The moment a huge sphere of light rises above Sirone’s head and vibrates terribly.
“Brigade commander!”
Merania knelt down on the floor.
The Demons were shocked to see the second greatest man in Hell being humiliated in a human way.
“Stand up! We will fight!”
Merania raised her head.
“Tease as much as you want, until the anger subsides. I will not refuse any punishment from you.”
Becoming a Buddha must be prevented unconditionally.
Her face was so pure and bright that it touched the heart of the viewer… … .
Sirone just looked down coldly.

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-859.txt
=============YYYYY=============
Singularity (3)
Kwangcheonseong was activated at the sacrifice of Seongeum.
Due to the distortion of space, the border between Gustav and Jincheon met, but the sea itself did not disappear.
Fierce battles were still unfolding in the west sea of Jincheon, and demons endlessly rushed to the sandy beach.
“Stop! Just hold on a little!” Their purpose was to buy time until Jincheon’s elite captured Gustav.
In the battle for the survival of the two empires, the overwhelming side was the army of hell.
“Chuck! It’s disgusting to see humans struggling. Aren’t they just like bugs?”
A giant demon with a protruding lower jaw was sitting cross-legged on top of a giant clam.
Mitura, commander of the 8th Corps of the Army of Hell.
The demon world had a tsunami, a huge esophagus that a normal human could not lift.
“You’re leaving! Let’s eat something!” At Mitura’s instructions, the demons who had been assisting came to catch creatures living in the depths of the sea.
“Kyaaak!”
The upper body of a beautiful human and the lower body of a mermaid with a fish-like tail.
“Help me!”
Since they live in an environment where water pressure is unbearable for humans, there are almost no academic reports.
The face of the mermaid crying and praying was pitiful, but to Mitura, it was just food.
“shut up! You can’t miss this delicacy.”
After grabbing the mermaid by the hair and smashing it against the back of the giant clam, he lifted his esophagus.
“please! please!”
He pressed down on the mermaid’s head and slammed his esophagus, breaking the tail.
“Kyaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!”
The upper body struggled in pain and fear, and the separated lower body fluttered in surprise.
“where?… ”
Mitura grabbed the caudal fin and took a bite of the bloody cut.
The cold flesh of the fish melted on your tongue.
“Heuuuu… The mermaid, who was watching her body being eaten right in front of her eyes, passed out with her eyes peeled off.
He wouldn’t live long.
“Are you okay?”
Mitura quickly chewed up half of the tail and swallowed it, threw the rest into the sea and stood up.
“Shall we start soon?”
Even if he didn’t open the Pandemonium, he could have caused a tsunami that would wipe out the sandy beach.
“Whoa!”
The huge radius started to fluctuate, and the seawater began to ascend on the waves.
It’s weak right now, but by the time it reaches land, it should have become a 200-meter-high tsunami.
“Captain! excuse me… … !”
The troops of Jincheon, who were fighting on the sandy beach, lost their will to fight when they saw the tsunami.
“Damn it!”
It was work to cut down the house-sized demons, but now a natural disaster was coming.
“Is it all over?”
If the West Sea is occupied, the Demons of the 8th Corps will wipe out Hwangseong Yeomra in an instant.
“Aaaaaaa!”
At that time, the soldiers, exhausted by the overwhelming force of Mother Nature, scream and run away.
with my daughter
A bell was heard.
daughter and daughter.
The noise of the war was loud, but the soldiers could hear it clearly and softly.
“what?”
Where the commander turned around, there was a neat-looking man holding a fan with his hair tied over the top of his head.
Ivory Tower 3-star Resident Arte.
And on his shoulder was a small red-skinned creature wagging its long tail.
“Over 200 meters? Can you really stop it?”
It was Arte’s satellite Tokay.
“Hey, you’re a demon, aren’t you?”
While the commander looked at him with surprised eyes, Arte moved on.
“200 meters. It is a little difficult.”
Arte raised the fan above his head.
“very little?”
As I fluttered my sleeves and lowered my arms as if dancing, I felt time slowing down.
The scene of water flowing down from the surface of the tidal wave, which built a huge wall, was clearly visible.
“sight.”
Arte’s magic is unique in that it uses differences in air pressure rather than air flow.
As the pressure trough occurred, the atmosphere with a radius as large as a tsunami began to twist at a tremendous speed.
Whoa!
They heard the sound of the world breaking apart, and saw the wide-open sea in the eyes of the shocked and deaf soldiers.
“Hae, Tsunami… …
As if hit by a small typhoon, the water barrier was destroyed, and heavy rain fell like hail.
“Whoa.”
As Arte wrapped up the dance, the refreshing sound of the bell rang again.
The commander who came to his senses asked.
“who are you? what the hell… …
“I came from the ivory tower.”
Arte’s expression was not good.
‘Save lives and make the world better. I have no objection to human ideals, but… …
It was an unprecedented situation for all the stars of the Ivory Tower to join Sirone in an all-out war.
“It can’t be helped.” Tokay’s current situation was also quite interesting.
“The deceased will rot. The only thing left is that a new trend called sirone will change the ivory tower.”
That is why Oh Dae-seong also participated in the war to prove his philosophy again.
“I know.”
The commander approached.
“What should I do now? The tsunami has been prevented, but the second and third waves will come.”
Arte walked towards the sea and picked up a fan.
“The ghost goblin, Arte, is participating in the war against the demons.”
The rapidly rotating pupils in the large eyes, like Tokay’s drops, calculated the element of wind.
“320893. 23091. 3494539. 23 degrees of curvature… …
The target of Arte’s magic was not the army of Hell, but the Gustav Empire across the sea.
“Wind power at least category six or higher. Can you?”
“I told you.”
Arte’s face, which did not show emotion, was crumpled like a ghost.
“You are going to war.”
As the fan passed from right to left, the soldiers felt all the air being pushed out.
“Climate magic, great scenery.”
Kwak Kwah Kwah Kwah Kwah!
A vortex created by a gap in atmospheric pressure sucked in water from the middle of the sea and gushed out.
The wind got stronger, and the demons around them began to be sucked into the whirlpool.
“I-what is that?”
The size of the vortex was growing exponentially, but even that speed was mere dust compared to the results to be completed.
“It’s a typhoon.”
The great landscape would travel over thousands of kilometers and strike Gustav with a size comparable to that of an empire.
Arte raised the fan again.
“Go again. I’ll blow the whole thing away.” The commander gulped as he watched Tokei roll his eyes.
‘Crazy guys. They say they hit across the sea?’
Towards the Gustav Empire, where Sirone and Lian were located, huge storms were flying one after another.
Feeling Sirone’s gaze on the back of her head, Merania became even more sorrowful.
said
“If I can calm your anger, I don’t mind being cut into pieces right here. So please forgive me.”
She didn’t expect this to calm Sirone’s anger.
‘But it will have an effect.’
You can’t feel exhausted when you run amok in rage, but the moment your reason returns, the aftermath is inevitable.
‘I’m thinking about it. That’s enough. There’s no way they’ll be fine since they’ve already destroyed the world for more than a day.’
Merania raised her head.
“Yahweh??????!”
Sirone kicked her in the face.
The wizard’s kick was as light as a feather, but when she turned her head, her eyes were locked in shock.
“Do it in moderation.”
If he had only been thinking about these words, he would not have abandoned Yahweh from the beginning.
“I don’t believe it. no matter what you say No, even if it is true, I will deny it.”
‘Isn’t it okay?’
In the end, Sirone is also a human, so if she continues like this, she will lose her life.
‘But then there is no magic.’ Sirone floated the Photon Cannon in her palm.
“Just die.”
In an imminent situation, an idea quickly passed through Merania’s head.
“It can be reversed!”
“??????what?”
For the first time, Sirone’s expression changed.
“The woman whose psychic realm was sealed is now wandering in Hell. But, she can turn back.”
“Voice… …
The Photon Cannon is gone.
“Can you save it?”
A minor mistake would ruin everything, so Merania told the truth.
“That cannot be predicted. but
If it was to free her from hell, Sirone pulled Merania by the collar.
“say. How?”
“It is to pierce the prison.”
“Shiok.”
It was the 12 apostles who guarded 0.666 seconds of every second.
“The psychic realm is closed, but if we can pass through the unlawful time, we will be able to take her mind out as well.”
“How do I pierce it?” Even Sirone couldn’t recognize Shi-ok.
“Even the corps commander does not know the identity of Shiok.”
There was only the theory that it was the antithesis of the dragon and the 12 apostles who kept time.
“Then it makes no sense.”
When Sirone, unable to control her anger, raised her hand again, Merania hurriedly said,
“But it is clear that they are also following Satan’s orders. And now, here was the winning point.
“A person who has been given the authority of prison is staying in the human imperial castle. You will know when you meet him.”
Sirone looked into Merania’s eyes.
It’s beautiful eyes that don’t lie even 1 percent, but the demons deceived them with those eyes anyway.
“… … Who is that?”
“Supreme Commander Ogent Guy is a human.”
The thought of him as Lian’s older brother, whom he had met before, crossed his mind, but it was only for a moment.
“Humans have powers?”
“Satan, because Havitz-sama is a human. Shiok is not a concept controlled by the corps commander. To be precise, it was left by the Balkan military just in case, and Sirone untied his collar.
“Guide me to where Ogent Guy is.”
No matter how far the truth was, there was no option to go back and leave a way to obtain the Holy Spirit.
“yes yes.”
Standing up with her head bowed, Merania gave instructions while looking back at the demons.
“Everyone go away. From this moment on, I will kill anyone who fights with humans first.” They were demons with a clear displeasure, but they couldn’t disobey the command of the corps commander.
Like c*ckroaches hiding in a corner, all the demons surrounding them scattered.
“Let’s go. I will guide you.”
“If it’s a lie… …
Sirone tightened her eyes and said.
“I will put my everything on the line and make you the worst.”
It was difficult to express such a huge emotion in words, and Merania swallowed her saliva.
‘doesn’t care.’
If only I could stop Yahweh’s wrath even for a second.
Commander’s Office of the Imperial Castle Marsak.
Ogent Guy, who came here to prepare for battle, put on his armor and was lost in thought.
‘It’s family.’
Black hair and blue hair, the personalities are different, but I remember that we had a good relationship.
‘Lian.’
He had no talent for swords and no flair, but he was strangely affectionate.
‘Is Ogent also in the era of blue hair now?’ The reason why my heart is overflowing is probably because of my family, but even that thought was a luxury.
‘I want to be strong. Isn’t that natural as a prosecutor?’
He was the one who abandoned his family, his country, and even his personality to stand on the side of the demons and seek strength.
“We must end the war.”
A red whirlpool appeared in front of Gai’s eyes as he turned around with a long sword at his waist.
“what?”
When the 2nd Corps commander, Merania, walked out of the whirlpool, his forehead narrowed.
“Why do demons… … Behind her, Shirone was following her, revealing her cold eyes.

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-86.txt
=============YYYYY=============
[86] Group (2)
“Don’t you think so? What the hell is this magic? not like a teacher At this rate, everyone will freeze to death.”
Nade was equally puzzled. Now there are hundreds of students here. I didn’t think they could survive long in the cold of minus 20 degrees. However, the effect of putting pressure on Lucas was excellent. This is because when the somatic cells are cooled, the mitochondrial build becomes less effective.
“damn! driving me crazy!”
Especially in the place where Lucas was, there was even a strong wind, so the perceived temperature was even lower. Necrosis was progressing from the peripheral nerve.
This was the reason why high-level freezing wizards started fighting with Blizzard by default. Its killing power is not great, but it is a wide range magic and it gives fixed damage called cooling, so it was essential before the great swordsman.
“Anyway, I’m annoyed. Wizards.”
Lucas was fed up with wizards who harassed swordsmen with all kinds of strange magic. But it wasn’t the time to give up. More than anything, she wasn’t just normal in her condition.
As the sharp ice spear flew through the blizzard, Lucas hurriedly threw himself away. However, due to his weakened mitochondrial build, he was unable to dodge completely and grazed his side.
“Damn it!”
Most organisms become less active at low temperatures. In addition, as he braved the cold and swung his sword, his fingertips already had symptoms of erythematous frostbite.
‘I think the temperature has dropped more. Are you really trying to kill them all?’
If the schema users suffered from frostbite, the students should have already frozen to death. But in reality, only Lucas was trapped in Blizzard. Suddenly, a blizzard with a narrower radius was following him, focusing on it.
Lucas, completely unaware of such a fact, bared his teeth at Shiina, who appeared through the blizzard.
“Are you crazy? How long will this beggarly blizzard… … .”
Lucas stopped talking. Shiina’s eyes still contained nothing. She has no emotions, no thoughts, no ego.
“no way… … .”
Lucas’ shoulders trembled. He remembers magic with his body, not his head.
Literally, the brain.
Just as prosecutors acquire skills through endless repetitive training, they have reached the stage of embodying specific brain wave patterns even in situations where poetry or memory is lost.
repeat, repeat again. After all, he must have driven his spirit to death without rest from the time he was born until now.
‘How long has this woman trained?’
The hair on his head stood on end. Regardless of her skills, the path of Sura she had walked was drawn in her mind.
‘shit! It’s not like stepping on shit, this.’
should get out of here No matter how good the gold coins were, they were just pieces of metal in front of their lives.
Lucas drew all his strength and ran away. If he got out of Blizzard, he wouldn’t be able to catch up. However, his thoughts were delusional, and as a result, he had to pay a heavy price for turning his back on a certified 6th class wizard.
Shiina raised a finger and pointed at Lucas, and after a while Lucas screamed and was buried in the snow.
“Quaaaaaa!”
There was no pain. However, the two legs were missing from Schema’s human body diagram, as if they had been cut off with scissors. Lucas twisted his back to examine his legs. I couldn’t feel the slightest sensation in my frozen legs.
‘No, that’s ridiculous.’
It was absolute zero (absolute zero), which had only been heard through rumors.
Freezing magic is a magic that extremely restricts the activity of particles through preservation and condensation, which can be said to be the best battery.
By realizing the realm of Absolute Zero, Shiina became a certified 6th-class wizard at the age of only 20.
However, it was a magic that required enormous mental power to the extent that even she could only produce a localized effect.
‘Damn it! It’s a crappy school… … Students, teachers, they are all monsters!’
Shiina cast the next spell with a calm expression. It was the advanced magic glacier bombing (glacier bombardment) derived from the battery of preservation condensation. As dozens of huge ice blocks were born in the sky, the blood on Lucas’ face went away. My legs are frozen and there is no way to escape. I have no choice but to surrender my life to the will of Heaven.
Nade and Iruki ran to the students. It wasn’t wide-area magic, but the size of the glacier was so large that I couldn’t be relieved. An almond-shaped chunk of glacier began to fall on top of the students as the ice blocks that froze at different points pushed each other as slowly as their heavy masses.
Nade ran to Arin and grabbed her by the shoulder and knocked her to the floor.
“Kyaaak! what are you doing!”
“Evacuate the students! Otherwise, everyone will die!”
“no! Time is running out!”
Iruki interrupted the two of them and shouted.
“I’ll do it!”
“What are you going to do?”
Iruki gritted his teeth without even having time to answer. Is it really possible? It was a glacier weighing several tens of tons. Even if it was exploded with an atomic bomb, the fragments that were split into dozens were a problem. Calculated by the size of the glacier, it was not a matter of breaking a human head unless it was broken into at least 1,000 pieces.
‘I have no choice but to try… … .’
Momentum can be predicted mathematically. If you calculate all the physical quantities of splitting the glacier, splitting it again, and splitting it again, you should be able to explode it before it crashes.
“Goaaaaaa!”
The Breakaway Spirit Zone dug into the center of the glacier. When the atomic spring exploded through the detonation process of the available limit value, the glacier was excited and split into seven chunks.
Iruki activated Double Spirit Zone. Then, frantically firing Atomic Bombs, the glacier exploded.
Puff puff puff puff puff!
The ice flower is in full bloom. As the glacier burst, it was separated into fragments, which then exploded and scattered like fireworks.
Nade and Arin watched in awe as the chain of explosions unfolded in the sky. Then, realizing the ice pellets were pouring out of the hood, he turned his head to the students. Small fragments fell like hail, but no one was injured.
Arin’s eyes shook in shock. Arcane always disparaged the magic school students. Weak students who take whatever they are given without a spirit of challenge or the will to fight. However, the level of magic school students she experienced herself far exceeded her expectations.
‘This is a magic school. what?’
Arin turned his head. When she realized that she was cradled on the chest of an outsider, she reluctantly pushed Nade away, she screamed.
“go away! what are you doing!”
Nade’s face flushed red as he hit his butt.
“What, what am I! He helped me at best!”
“Why are you helping me! We are enemies!”
“Who said what? Release the mind control quickly! Are you really going to kill all these people? Are you still sane?”
Arin bit his lip. After today, I will be the main character of a massacre that will be recorded in history, but I was not afraid. Had she not met Kanis in Radum anyway, she would have been doomed to the brink of misery.
“doesn’t care. If it’s for Canis, even if the whole world dies.”
Nade read the futility and arsenic in Arin’s eyes. What kind of life have you lived to be able to look like this?
“Young car.”
Iruki carried Shiina, who had fallen in the snow, on his back. And I turned to Lucas. Does God really exist even for the wicked? He was wedged between glaciers, barely a few meters apart. But he was so angry that his chin was missing and he could only see the whites of his eyes. He lost both legs, so stealing is impossible. In the end, he was the one who would return to the gloomy prison of Inferno after 7 days of jailbreak.
Phew!
Ned and Iruki turned their heads at the roar that erupted from the forest. A thick beam of light soared through the sea of trees.
“wow. What is so big?”
“It’s a photon cannon. Have you ever had an epiphany?”
The forest shuddered, and Sirone came out as if spitting out.
Arin’s face turned red as he looked as if he had just come out of the mud. It was clear that Kanis had the victory.
But her expectations were dashed.
As Harvest fell the trees on the left and right with his long arms, Canis limped out. It was more than Sirone’s condition, but by no means less.
Iruki said in disbelief.
“whistle… … is it?”
“Nonsense. Sirone’s photon cannon evolved during battle. Still can’t win?”
Sirone stood up from the ground and said.
“I can’t win.”
Friends doubted their ears. Perhaps it was the first word he had heard since meeting Sirone?
“What, man? Don’t speak weakly.”
“It is not a weak sound. that child… … Really strong.”
Sirone frankly admitted. He would have been more convinced if he knew that he was a disciple of the Archmage, but even if he didn’t know it, he could feel his will in each and every magic.
Willingness not to lose. The will to destroy humans. Willingness to prove that you are the best.
The power of the Photon Cannon was maximized, but Harvest, who borrowed Canis’ spiritual power, absorbed even that.
From then on, it was a brawl. He fought a battle of attrition by exchanging the Power of Darkness and the Photon Cannon.
In the end, Kanis successfully countered and pushed Sirone out of the forest.
‘So strong… … Why do you want to harm people?’
If you chose to be evil for whatever reason, you can. Because all humans make mistakes.
However, he could not admit that the evil was strong. Because strength is the product of hard work, not mistakes.
“Why are you doing this? What are you saying the students did to you?”
“Are you kicking it with your mouth because it’s out of power? A typical pattern of weak nobles.”
Since it wasn’t true, Sirone didn’t get angry.
“Answer me. What you are about to do is so terrible that it will go down in history. At least I need to hear the reason.”
“history? Who cares about that? The abandoned are just holding on to live their day. Because if I don’t kill someone, I will die.”
“Don’t try to justify it with sophistry. No matter what kind of life you have lived, there is no one in the world who is not having a hard time. Everyone has to live with the unbearable pain one by one.”
“you. Have you ever eaten feces that fell on the ground?”
Sirone shut his mouth. A cold wind blew.
‘Canis… … .’
Arin’s eyes were filled with sadness. Those who have not lived in Radum will never know what Radum is like.
It was another world separated from the world.
Kanis and Arin had been abandoned there. I don’t remember when we were together or why we were the two of us.
However, they were there from the moment they came to their senses, and even while other friends died or were sold, they survived.
Canis was smart from an early age. Even though he was a powerless child, he showed himself how strong a human being can become when his talent and virility meet.
There was only one thing Kanis wanted in Radum, which was teeming with villains.
Protecting Arin today.
Women do not exist in Radum. To be precise, she was a woman past infancy.
In places where food is extremely scarce, helpless girls are bound to be eaten as soon as they are born.
However, Arin survived in Radum until the age of ten.
Radum’s only female.
It was Canis who protected the eerie symbol.
He was always barking like a mad dog. When an enemy appears aiming for Arin, he rushes at him with the determination to die.
I couldn’t join any organization with Arin. So he lived by sifting through trash cans day after day.
What’s really funny is that even trash in Radum has an owner. I fought, refusing to tear my flesh to get the dregs that others had discarded.
After such a fierce fight, Canis managed to get half of the moldy bread.
—————————————

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-860.txt
=============YYYYY=============
Singularity (4)
Lian, who was evacuating people around the capital, suddenly felt a change.
At some point, the number of demons started to decrease, and now they couldn’t even see their noses.
“What happened?”
“Let’s take a truce for a while.”
An old man with a cane walked out from the entrance of the alley.
His cheekbones protruded from his diminutive body, and the skin clinging to his facial bones was wrinkled.
Both hands on the cane were trembling as if they were going to pay a funeral tomorrow, but Lian spread the distance.
“who is this?”
It was a demon, and Lee’s magic was on the level of being one of the few in the battles so far.
“Are you asking for my name? It is called Gaitan.”
Gaitan, commander of the 10th Army of Hell.
He was nicknamed the ruler of all sorts of filthy bugs in the demon world and the nether world.
“You are the commander of the corps.”
“Well, yes.”
Gaitan leaned on his staff and peered into the air.
“Your master seems to have negotiated with another corps commander. For the time being, demons won’t attack.”
Lian lowered his sword.
“What do you want to say?”
“I heard that you cut down Argantis, the Demon Beast. So, I want to ask you something.”
Gaitan turned his gaze to Lian.
“What do you think is at the end of the world?”
“I don’t know.”
Ryan always lives in the present.
“The devil is different from life. It’s like a system error. I don’t know why you need something like us. Maybe it wasn’t created out of necessity.”
“If you bully anything other than yourself, you don’t deserve to exist.”
Gaitan raised an eyebrow.
“I’m thinking of opening the Demon Realm.” “If you open the Demon Realm, you will never be able to come back to me. Death isn’t scary. The really scary thing is the emptiness. But humans don’t seem to know that.”
“Are you threatening me?”
Gaitan shook his head.
“No, this should be a request. I heard that your swordsmanship can even cut the meaning of existence.”
It transforms the information itself.
“Won’t you cut down my demon realm? I have mastered all the wisdom of this world. So there is no fear. Now, the only thing left is the unknown, the other side of the ball.”
Power went into Lian’s hand holding the big sword.
‘ Dangerous.’
It was best to cut it before opening the Pandemonium.
“I asked for a favor, but I can’t help but do it. Yes, let this also be my wisdom.”
At the same time as he finished speaking, Lian twisted his back and swung his great sword.
Gaitan’s head fell off with a single knife, and then the buildings in the back rumble rumble rumble.
After falling to the ground, Gaitan’s face rolled over and he continued talking while turned upside down.
“Because of what… …
Gaitan’s eyes filled with white.
“They imprison us in this stuffy illusion?”
Demon World, Palapinas.
Gaitan’s face quickly rotted away and turned into a collection of black dots.
Subsequently, even the body was dyed black as if it were being burned, and then it was released into smoke and expanded to a radius of several hundred meters.
“Keugh!”
It wasn’t smoke.
Weing! Weing! Weing! Weing!
Its shape resembles a fly, but its suction power, which clings to Lian’s body and sucks blood, was like a snake bite.
“Aaaaaaa!”
Following the trajectory of the great sword he swung, his vision opened, but countless insects were already covering the capital.
“damn!”
It was another form of irritation with Argantis.
? * ?
‘Ogent Guy.’
In terms of being Lian’s older brother, Sirone also had a ripple in his heart.
However, since he had already lost his reason in madness when he met him the other day, he did not reap his cold eyes.
“what? Are the two of you even in a relationship?” Seeing the bizarre sight of the corps commander and Sirone together, Gai put the sword over his shoulder and laughed.
“I heard you have authority over the prison.”
Guy looked back at Merania.
“Hmm.”
I don’t know the situation.
However, Gai found what he had to do when she kept silent with a nonchalant face.
“Yeah, I have it. So what?”
“Call Si-ok.”
“why me?”
Sirone gritted his teeth.
“You know that. A man has fallen into hell. We have to save her.”
Still, since he was Rian’s older brother, Sirone, expecting some humanity, appealed to his emotions.
“A woman whose psychic realm was sealed. I heard about it. But isn’t it the wrong person to ask? Do you think I will release the enemy who weakened our strength?”
“You… … You are human.”
Sirone’s eyes burned terribly.
“Why are you on the side of the demons? Lian is still fighting to save humans! why do you… …
“noisy.”
Guy stopped talking.
“Are you just appealing to family love? I feel sorry for Lian who has a guy like you as her owner.”
“I could die.”
finally freed to live.
“Puhahaha! Of course you can die. because it’s a war OK, I’ll teach you how. If you kill me, or if you can drive me to death… …
Gai aimed his scabbard at Sirone.
“Siook will appear.”
‘Rian, I’m sorry.’
Sirone closed her eyes.
‘Maybe I’ll hurt your brother.’
As he finished his thoughts, dozens of photon cannons were fired at Guy.
Qurrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr
In an instant, the room was a mess, and Shirone cast teleportation and flew out of the castle.
Guy, who had already flung himself into the air, drew his sword and spread his arms.
“You have the ability to learn.”
It was a good decision to preemptively strike against the prosecutor.
“But you’re a little weak!”
Although he had not personally seen Sirone’s battle, he knew the number of demons who died because of his appearance.
‘200 million in one night. It’s not something that can be done with just this level of magic.’ A woman sacrificed for the world.
The price is the end of time, eternity of time in hell.
‘I’ll be angry.’
The fact that he had the key to save her was Gai’s current situation.
‘But such a clumsy attack?’ The reason why I can’t kill even though I’m angry enough to give up the level I’ve built so far… … .
‘He’s a good guy.’
Because he is Ryan’s older brother.
“haha.”
Rian had enough reasons to pledge a knighthood to Sirone, and that’s why he was angry.
“You idiots!”
While falling to the ground, Gai twisted his upper body and swung a powerful sword.
‘This… … !’
Sirone’s eyes widened at the rush of anticipation tearing through the landscape.
Aaaaaaaang!
The spiers of the castle were completely blown away, and Merania, who was guarding the spot, flew into the air.
“Is it a start?”
A ray of light that curved like a torrent was pursuing Guy at terrifying speed.
“Ha ha ha! What a surprise!”
Arriving on the ground, Gai swung his sword at great speed, and the atmosphere shook.
‘It’s Lian’s skill.’
Just as the sword’s anticipation was about to strike the throat, the space distorted and Sirone’s body disappeared.
“Space travel?”
A roar of iron grinding and a single flash of light were drawing a net in the vast sky.
“It’s a good idea, but… …
Had he not given up on the realm of Yahweh, he would have manipulated time through incarnation.
“It’s just there.”
The ground where he was standing exploded and Guy moved at a terrifying speed.
It was about to catch up with the wide radius of space movement in an instant, and a vicious shock wave raged.
Kurrrrrrrrr!
Watching the collapse of the capital’s buildings from the sky, Merania made a puzzled expression.
“Why are you like that?”
A photon cannon shot was not powerful enough to destroy a single block.
‘You don’t want to kill me.’
Having reached that point, Merania shed tears with a sad face.
“Look at this.”
Didn’t you already kill 200 million demons?
“You always hate us.”
“ha ha ha! Is this all!”
As Gai raised his sword, a shockwave that rose like a mountain hit Sirone.
“Big!”
Sirone, who defended with a wide width,
I jumped 500 meters to the east and arrived.
“too slow!”
Guy was already in front of me.
‘Let’s calm down.’
In order to summon Si-ok, Gai must at least be brought to the brink of death.
‘I have no choice but to do it!’
The photon cannon, which contained sub-light speed propulsion, vibrated terribly on Sirone’s palm.
The moment the flash of light left Sirone’s hand, Gai felt the time slow down for the first time.
Can I avoid it…?’
A huge explosion occurred due to the frictional force of the particles, and Sirone closed her eyes tightly.
In the last scenery before closing his eyes, the explosion apparently swallowed Guy’s body.
Something that couldn’t have happened if Shiok had been activated.
“Quack.”
Hearing laughter in the haze, Sirone hurriedly opened his eyes and looked around.
Gai, whose armor was in tatters, was approaching with a mad smile.
“no way… …
As she watched her severed left arm gradually regenerate, a thought crossed her mind.
“Yes, you cannot kill me this way. But can you?
It must be quite difficult.”
The realm of Idea had been heard from Lian.
“I don’t mean to kill you.”
Sirone’s expression changed.
“I made a mistake.”
Hundreds of spheres floated around Sirone, preparing to jump out.
At the same time Guy’s face turned pale, all the photon cannons came out and hit him.
Woooooooooooooooooooooooooh!
As the entire central radius of the capital collapsed, Merania’s eyes tightened.
“okay! That’s it!” After pouring out enough that he didn’t have the strength to get angry anymore, the victory would lean towards the demons again.
“Hahaha! I can’t!”
Even in the midst of the collapse of the land, Gai endlessly restored information and pushed Sirone.
Finally, his sword pierced Sirone’s stomach.
“Gagging!”
The sensation of a cold blade piercing through the body and protruding out of the cave was terribly unpleasant.
“It’s a pity.”
I’m not particularly happy about beating a half-mage who has lost his half-ya ability.
did
“If it was incarnation, it would have been a good match.”
At that moment, he felt the weight of Sirone disappear through the blade.
“huh?”
When Gai lowered his gaze, the area around the pit where the sword had penetrated had turned white.
‘what?’
In Sirone’s eyes, the pupils had already disappeared, and at last the whole body turned into light.
“Keugh!”
Even at the moment of pulling out the sword and stepping back, there was no feeling of being caught in Sirone’s body.
‘How did it happen… …
Gai’s head went pale and his head rose high into the sky.
“What is that?”
A huge incarnation was looking down at Guy.
you said
“What is planted in the heart cannot be destroyed. That’s why love is the antipode of gong.”
Shura was listening.
“On the contrary, what can be destroyed has no mind. Then what is a Buddha?”
Nane raised the index finger.
“The one who stepped on a child and realized the ball. He who destroys what he loves most is a Buddha.”
That would be true emptiness.
“If you come, Sirone… …
“You must be walking the opposite path to me. But none of it is easy.”
Nane smiled sadly.
“How can I love after realizing the futility?”
That would be true love.

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-861.txt
=============YYYYY=============
rain (1)
“It’s not difficult, it’s more like impossible.”
you said
“What a contradiction? To be able to destroy what you love most.” The more you love, the farther you get from the ball.
“So I have almost reached it, but it will still take a long time before I become a Buddha.”
Shura asked.
“Then is Sirone the first to reach it?”
eventuality.
“It is still a long way off. I can only vaguely guess what he must be feeling in a world ruled by evil.”
As much as he loved all things, the feeling of betrayal was great, and his anger was heading toward the ball.
“So Sirone will end the world?”
Just like the old me.
“Maybe. But I know how difficult it is. If there’s anything different about me… …
Nane looked up at the sky.
“It is that the world loves him.”
Even if Yahweh’s anger is toward the end of the world.
World Climate Organization.
With the help of the temple, there were over 300 magicians residing in the organization that had moved their base.
Their mission to manipulate the climate is to increase agricultural production in areas free of demon invasion.
As the extra food became Valkyrie’s provisions, it was an indispensable department in World War II.
“Chief! Look at this!”
Amira, who was in her first year at the company, collected signals sent from observation balloons around the world and shouted.
“What is it? Did a disaster happen somewhere?”
It was a document full of numbers and diagrams, but a picture came to the manager’s eyes.
“What is this?”
It was a typhoon.
In the sea between Gustav and Jincheon, a huge typhoon that has never been recorded in history was moving.
“Besides, there are seven! How could this be?”
Amira pointed to a document with detailed information.
“The speed of movement is also different from that of conventional typhoons. We’ll be landing at Gustaf in a few hours. Its power will exceed at least category six.” It was not a naturally occurring phenomenon.
“It is magic. But who?” Even the World Climate Organization has this scale.
It was difficult to generate a series of typhoons.
“What should I do? If it lands like this, the damage to civilians will be enormous. I have no choice but to destroy it.”
“Can I destroy it?”
Amira stuttered.
“That, well, plant the seeds and put them to rest slowly before they grow in size any further. It would be better to devise an evacuation plan.”
The fact that the place where the typhoon is heading is the Gustav Empire, the origin of evil, also played a part.
“Chief! here!”
When another employee shouted with a contemplative face, the manager hurriedly ran.
“damn! what else?”
Amira bit her lip as she glared at the papers the chief had thrown away.
‘What’s going on?’ It was a series of disasters.
Jincheonhae.
Mitura, the commander of the 8th Corps, who was watching the typhoon moving over the horizon, stood up from the dog of the Great Dynasty.
“Coming again. How many shots are you going to fire?”
“What shall I do? If this continues, Gustav will be killed. Then Satan will scold you… …
When Mitura glared at them, the demons were startled.
“No, of course I believe in Mithura-sama.”
In other words, what the demons were saying was, how about opening the Demon Realm before things get bigger.
‘It’s annoying.’
It is a privilege that only 10 corps commanders have, but on the other hand, it also symbolizes eternal extinction.
‘I can’t even rise from the fire of hell.’ It was the demon realm that opened with the determination to die as if dying, and Mitura was still unwilling.
“Brigade commander! excuse me!”
Over the horizon, four ivory towers were approaching, raising wild foam.
Said Minerva, who had boarded the jet.
“I don’t care about the others. It is our job to eliminate the Legion Commander.”
Freed, who was running on the surface of the water, grabbed the sword with his eyes on the demons.
“You must have studied in Kashan, right? It’s best to finish it before the Pandemonium opens.”
Mitura’s Pandemonium is a tsunami.
Once opened, all the cities around the world along the sea would be destroyed.
Mithura stood up with a huge gullet.
“good! Guys, it’s a sortie! Let’s stick together properly!”
A murmur was heard in the distance.
“I’ll open the Demon World.”
As Mitura’s esophagus was cut horizontally, the heads of the demons lined up at a distance of tens of meters were blown away.
“Hey!”
There were no more dissatisfied demons.
“In lieu of greetings!”
As Mitura lowered her stance and cut the water as if opening a gun, a huge wave rose.
“come!”
Freed’s freezing magic froze the waves dozens of meters high.
Aaaaaaaaagh!
Minerva broke through the wall of ice, stopped in mid-air and shot a jet.
Gustav Capital.
“Aaaaaa! Buy, buy people… … !” The voice died before he could finish screaming.
Lian ran while people covered in insects and black as charcoal collapsed.
“That is a staggering number.”
Palapinas, an insect from the underworld, multiplied endlessly and covered the entire city.
‘How do I get rid of this?’
If it was powerful, it could be cut, but if it was an insect that could not be counted, the sword was the worst tool.
“Yaaaaa!” The sword with the state of Macha cut through the landscape, but insects resembling flies endlessly clung to Lian.
“Keuuugh!”
Eventually, his whole body was swarming with bugs, and he was confused by the feeling of his blood rushing.
‘are you okay.’
Ideas are not broken to this extent, but ordinary humans die within 10 seconds.
In addition, Palapinas continued to proliferate, so it was no exaggeration to say that the world would perish if not suppressed in the beginning.
“Damn the devil.”
Lian, who had penetrated the wall through acceleration, slashed the great sword with all his might. The air crackled with a roar, and for an instant my vision opened to the blue sky.
“what… …
Unable to even raise the sword, Lian stared blankly across the sky.
“What is that?”
Perhaps an incarnation, but I didn’t feel like knowing what it was.
Sirone’s body was in a state of weightlessness, like luminous smoke.
Above him with his head lowered, the thing that blooms endlessly is anger.
Merania muttered.
“The wrath of Yahweh.”
Black smoke rising at a frightening speed pierced the sky and spread like mushrooms.
There was no deceleration in the process of smooth expansion, as if black paint had been sprayed on the sky.
‘I came out into the world.’
It was the wrath of Yahweh, which was dark and rotten, and came out through the body.
‘What will happen?’ Merania, who suddenly came to her senses, shouted.
“Kill! Kill Yahweh!”
“Keugh!”
Gai immediately ran and lowered his sword, but Sirone was not cut.
‘It doesn’t seem material.’
Along the sword’s trajectory, Gai couldn’t confirm it, but hexagonal particles of light were floating around.
‘information?’
Mayray jumped up and covered one ear.
“Chief Justice.”
Justice Terraforce’s voice was still deep, but there was a sense of urgency.
-The Hexa program has been activated.
“Hexa… … program? what is that?” There was no time to explain.
– I will send an ark.
Communication was cut off with that.
The head of the World Climate Organization shouted.
“This makes sense!”
The thrown file slipped on the floor and was picked up by nearby staff in a hurry.
“Chief! What are you doing?”
Amira approached, but the section chief only snorted and wandered around aimlessly.
“Amira, look at this.”
Upon receiving the documents sent from the Gustav Empire’s observatory, Amira quickly checked the numbers.
The paper fell out of her hand again.
“Impossible.”
The staff thought the same.
“But it is true. This is neither a natural phenomenon nor magic. something unknown.”
Even if all the water on the planet was used up, a cloud of this mass could not be formed.
” like??????
The employee climbed over the ceiling and imagined the sky.
“It’s like floating steel heavier than the planet.”
Gai’s blade cut through Sirone’s body at a speed that caused afterimages.
‘Why can’t I kill him?’
Maybe because he’s already dead.
Gai, who had been thinking that far, finally stopped his attack and looked up at the sky.
“It got bigger.”
Judging by the size of the cloud, it was enough to cover an entire kingdom.
“What incarnation is that?”
“Yahweh.”
Merania has arrived.
“Is that Yahweh? Didn’t he say that he was in the state of loving all things? Rather… …
It was a darker, darker murderous intent than the demons.
“that’s right. It is truly hateful.”
It was the magnitude of the evil that one human being had to suppress in order to reach the level of fraternity.
“Why didn’t you want to be angry? They must have been jealous, lusted after, and wanted to do as they pleased.”
Yahweh is not good.
“Friendship is made by sacrifice. The sacrifice that no one recognizes accumulates deep inside and becomes an unbearable monster… …
A black cloud covered the entire empire.
“An existence that has to live by confining itself forever so that monsters don’t come out.”
Merania caressed Sirone’s particles.
“To the demons, that pretense is terrifying… …
Her hand grasped the light.
“I hate it.” As she slowly opened her hand, the hexagonal light fluttered and ascended into the sky.
Contrary to what she had said, Merania’s eyes, chasing after it, seemed ecstatic.
“You did it. With this the wrath of Yahweh is gone.”
Kurrrrrrrrr.
An unusual preliminary sound of thunder was heard from the dark clouds that covered the sun.
“First of all, shouldn’t we avoid it?”
“Where?”
Merania raised her head with disheveled eyes and flipped her palms toward the sky.
“It looks like it will rain.”
As she finished speaking, particles of light began to fall from the sky.
The light containing God’s particles was dark gray and thousands of times heavier than water droplets.
shoot aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
The light drops fall almost simultaneously.
However, simultaneous observation could not be established at the limit of observation, and the leading light drop was directed to the imperial castle, Marsak.
The moment the first drop of light collides with the tallest imperial spire in the capital.
widely!
A fist-sized groove was dug with a powerful bursting sound.
widely! Tarak! Tattak!
And things like that… … .
“Damn it!”
infinity.
Kwa Kwa Kwa Kwa Kwa Kwa Kwa Kwa!
It struck the entire empire with an infinite number of hits.
“Kuaaaaa!”
Tens of millions of demons screamed at the same time, but even that was buried in the roar.
The height of the imperial castle was being cut off at a rate of 4 meters per second due to the bombardment of the continuously falling mass.
“what’s this! this… … !”
Its power equally pounded the entire empire and razed everything on the ground.
“Yaaaaa!”
Gai swung his sword and hit the particles of light.
By the time 3 seconds passed, there was not even a shape left except for the black handle.
“this??????
A dull sound rang through his skull.
“Ouch!”
Gai’s body crumpled to the floor as thousands of light drops hit his entire body.
“I’m sorry.”
Merania, holding a black umbrella, looked down at Guy, who had lost his shape.
“Looks like the ark didn’t come to you.”
In the scenery of the capital she turned around, there were millions of bluish domes.

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-862.txt
=============YYYYY=============
rain (2)
* * ?
“rain.”
Retracting his weapon, Rian looked up at the sky.
In his eyes, trapped in an unknown dome-shaped curtain, he saw particles of light falling from the sky.
“No, it’s the light.”
The Pandemonium opened by Gaitan had disappeared without a trace due to the pouring light.
“I-what is that?”
The survivors trapped in the dome stood up one by one and pointed at the black cloud.
A part of a flying object of unfathomable size was exposed outside the clouds.
‘It’s not serious.’
Rian was worried about Sirone, but she couldn’t dare to go outside the blue dome.
It was a heavy rain of such power that it completely destroyed a 10-meter-tall building in less than a minute.
Putting death aside, the moment you go outside, your body will be beaten without even a trace.
Above all, there was a sight that convinced me that the present phenomenon was caused by Sirone.
Ta-ta-ta-ta-ta!
A roaring, world-destroying particle of light flashed whenever it hit the surface of an object.
The blindingly beautiful light was emitted in a hexagonal shape.
“Hexa.”
From the spire of the Temple of Earth, Taeseong watched what was happening in the Gustav Empire.
On the planets visible under the glass floor, Yahweh’s clouds were covering the empire.
“Terraforce.”
Then, cutting through the black cloud, a huge spaceship half the size of the empire was approaching.
thud! thud!
Taeseong looked back at the vibration he felt on the floor.
“you are… …
“Guardian of Gaia.”
He had gray skin, long hair from front to back, large greasy eyes and a pointed chin.
awkwardly waving your slender arms
It was Supreme Court Terraforce, a 3-meter-high alien creature approaching with a sigh.
“You came by yourself.”
“The Hexa program has been activated. As per user protection rules, Terraforce sends an ark.”
Standing next to Taeseong, the justice of the Supreme Court looked at the scene on the ground reflected on the screen.
Taesung asked.
“… … What is Hexa?”
“It is estimated to be a unit of the Ultima system and a kind of extinction code. The signal of Hexa responds one-to-one to all information, erasing the source of the Akashic Records.”
The Supreme Court judge continued as he watched the world’s information being erased by the heavy rain of light.
“Secondly, seeing So Jung-hwa with her own eyes.”
“It was in Gaia’s time. The fact that the ark has arrived means that two people will be selected again this time?”
“Hexa cannot be stopped by anything. Even the electromagnetic shield will break eventually. We have to pick two before that.”
Only two humans, a man and a woman, board the ark and migrate to another planet.
“Yahweh’s wrath will increase and cover the entire planet. it’s over. He has closed this world.”
“It’s not forever, though.” So it was a minorization.
“Well, the selected men and women will eventually settle on other planets and bring in countless users.”
The Supreme Court looked back at Taeseong.
“Just as the two Gaians selected from Sojeonghwa long ago made humans prosper on this land.” Taeseong remained silent.
“You know you are here? The only remaining Gaian in the photon system, and the first human on this planet.”
“He is no longer human. He exists with only memories in his little brain.”
It was something I chose for myself.
“So, who are the men and women selected this time?”
“We are looking at a lot of combinations. There are about 300 candidates. A decision will be made in Parliament sooner or later.”
“The two of us have to open a new world. That’s too harsh. Who are the candidates?”
“For example, Miro and Havitz.”
Taeseong looked back at the Supreme Court justice with sullen eyes.
“Extreme and extreme?”
“It is the best way to maintain the system. Miro will understand. The mistakes of the past must not be repeated.”
The first humans made a mistake.
“You mean Eve.”
“She broke the rules. She tried to be everyone’s mother and she did. After all, Eve’s partner is… …
It is living as a brain without extinction.
“Anyway, that combination can’t work. It would have been the maze in the past, but it’s different now. She won’t accept anyone but Gaold
“So it’s a candidate. First of all, it will be carefully reviewed. At present, the council has Ethella and Chagall in mind.”
“Ethella and Chagall?”
It was a very strange combination, but after thinking for a while, Taeseong understood.
“Maybe it could be.”
It was only when the Supreme Judge of Terra Force personally led the ark that I realized it.
“Again, it’s over.” The justice of the Supreme Court rested his hand on Taeseong’s shoulder.
“Don’t be discouraged. It’s just a trial and error phase. One day humanity will reach its ultimatum.”
“Is it really possible, a perfect system?”
A world with nothing more to fix.
“Whatever God makes, it is only God’s perfection. What is truly perfect is when we become gods.”
Humans have to define it.
“That’s why gods are indifferent and do not interfere with this world. Let’s just say he can spend outside… …
The Supreme Court judge looked at Sirone.
“It must be a signal borrowed from a human body.”
“Is that Yahweh?”
“If the person furthest from humans is Buddha, then Yahweh is the person closest to God. Loving all things must be like that, but Sirone is also just a human after all.”
In front of Seongeum’s eternal pain, Sirone had no choice but to choose merit over fraternity.
“This time we will start with a different combination. We’re going to pick the best two. There is still plenty of time.”
Hundreds of billions of years remain.
“Find a planet for the ark to land on. I would like to stay as far away from this place as possible.”
“… … yes.”
If it was a providence to maintain the system, he had no choice but to follow it, but Tae-sung’s heart ached as if it were going to break.
‘Sirone… …
Is it an illusion that the drops of light that annihilate the world feel like Sirone’s tears?
‘Are you really going to end it like this?’ Mitura, commander of the 8th Corps, engaged in a close battle with the Ivory Tower Five Stars on the sea.
Numerous demons were guarding their side, but they did not dare to intervene in the violent battle.
“This, this… …
The joint effort of the four strongest wizards of mankind was terrifying, and Me Too had to struggle.
“Brigade commander! Open the Demon Realm!” As the frustrated men shouted, Mithura’s face contorted into evil.
‘Bastards! It’s not their job… …
If you open the demon realm, it will disappear forever.
‘Do you really open it up?’
While engaging in a sword fight with Fried, a sudden thought occurred to him.
“Keugh!”
The law of Singh bound Mithura limbs, and Amanta’s wheel struck her head.
At that time, Mitura, who turned her head with a bang, fiercely looked back.
Hey hey hey!
Minerva’s jet hit the pit of the stomach.
“Kuaaa!” Pushed back by force, they retreated several kilometers, and the flying demons hurriedly followed.
“Brigade commander! Hurry up… …
“Aaaaaaa! shut up!”
The heads of the petty demons ran away.
“I’m going crazy.”
A special being who received the authority of the demon realm at the same time as it was born.
Metura had a lot of pride in him, but when the time came, he wasn’t ready.
‘To go back to nothingness forever?’ What was Amon thinking when he opened the Demon Realm?
“You are surprisingly timid.”
Minerva said as the four great stars flew side by side pursuing Mitura.
“This is why demons are afraid of Buddha. Unless you are resurrected from the fire of hell, it is the same as dying.”
Fried snorted.
“A coward like that is doing well in commanding the corps.”
Thing said.
“Apart from the fact that they contain only the disposition of evil, they are essentially no different from humans. I can take it down easily.”
“Don’t be too careless. Then, if you get picked up behind your eyes, it becomes a headache from then on.”
Unlike Oh Dae-seong, who prepares for emergencies, Mitura’s heart did not change easily.
‘It can’t go on like this. We have to open the demon realm for Satan. Let’s open, let’s open, let’s open!’
Fire shot up from Mithura’s eyes.
It seems not yet.
“shit! Let’s fight a little longer! I can win!”
The moment they were determined to fight, a huge fireball flew in and exploded on the surface of the water.
Merania looked at the horizon.
“They are the tears of Yahweh.”
The roar of the particles of light striking the entire empire and destroying objects reminded me of the apocalypse.
Even Merania’s black umbrella wouldn’t last long, but her expression was calm.
“This ending isn’t bad either.”
According to the doctrine of the other world, when Yahweh’s tears overflowed the world, it was said to disappear.
Indeed it is.
The power of the heavy rain of light was enough to wipe out all the demons in the empire.
“Do you know why we hate you?”
Approaching Sirone, Merania slowly reached out and touched the Hexa particles.
Pupper puffer puck!
In an instant, my hand exploded at the light that was piercing me down.
“If you don’t do this… …
The black umbrella disappeared, and Merania hugged Sirone in that state.
“Because they don’t see us.”
Countless light drops hit the body.
“What should I do if I was born like this?” Even with the durability of the legionnaire, it could only last a few more minutes than other demons.
“What is love?”
Neither the demons nor the Habits knew how to love.
“I could die for you. You can even kill Satan if you want. but… …
Waiting for Sirone’s answer, she opened her mouth with a sad smile.
“I really don’t know what that is.”
As her beautiful face collapsed, her body began to be shaved off from above.
Sirone was speechless.
“Are you here?”
Sirone, who only existed as a signal, quickly moved towards the source of the voice.
“Here?”
Hexagonal particles began to assemble quickly and change into a human form.
“I don’t know. Look at the underworld.”
In front of Sirone, there was Ogent Guy, who was sitting cross-legged and resting his chin on his chin.
“hell?”
Sirone confirmed that a ray of light flying from the darkness was connected to Gai.
“Can you see this light too? It’s not that I’m attracted to it, but it’s unpleasant because I feel like I’m constantly being called. Is it an irresistible temptation?”
Sirone examined her body, but there was no connection anywhere.
“When I came here, I knew something. Perhaps this is the identity of Edea. So I guess I’m the only one dead. Oh, and you’re dead too.”
“we… … dead?”
After being stabbed by Guy’s sword, I couldn’t remember.
‘Is it a dream?’
It didn’t feel like reality.
“I want to explain it in detail, but there is no way to explain it. It’s sending such a signal. Anyway, the reason I waited for you is because I wanted to make a proposal.”
“You said you were already dead, so what kind of suggestion was “You can go back alive.” Even if it was a dream, it was a word that could not be turned away.
“Ha, how do I explain this? So, if I don’t follow this light, you can live. Should I give you my seat? Should there be one seat left? Is that how you feel?”
“I do not know what I mean. And why do you keep me alive There is no reason for that.”
“You don’t seem to remember what you did.”
“What have you done?”
Gai burst into laughter and asked, raising the corners of his mouth.
“Okay, are you feeling better now?”

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-863.txt
=============YYYYY=============
rain (3)
“Terraforce existed before humans and achieved a civilization superior to them.”
As the Supreme Court judge walked around the Temple of Earth, Taeseong followed him with his gaze.
“I have endlessly explored the nature of the world. Where is the end, where is the beginning. Does such a thing actually exist? Our conclusion is… …
The justice of the Supreme Court stopped walking and turned to Taeseong
saw.
“This world is electricity.” It’s true, but Taeseong couldn’t say anything.
“And we already have electricity. The hypothesis that can be derived from that rumination is… …
The judge’s finger went up.
“Somewhere electricity was supplied and the universe was born. Just like we power a machine.”
The judge turned around with his hands behind his back.
“Before that? there’s nothing. only nothing It has no existence or reason to exist.”
is called the off state.
“We were worried. Then why was this world born? What is it for?”
dug endlessly
“So what I found was the Akashic Records. It was the existence of the cosmic database, Ankera.”
by that definition.
“Anke Ra, who dreams of space, cannot criticize himself. Because the moment you realize your dream, it’s not a dream. Therefore, he considers himself unique, and he cannot have any doubts that he was created by someone else.”
“But I’m starting to doubt it.”
“Yes. The result of Gaia, who broke the Akashic Records and left the photon field, threw him into a contradiction.”
It was an incident that cracked the uniqueness of Ankera.
“Why did Ankera get absorbed by Nane?”
The judge who asked the question responded directly.
“Because Gaia’s blood flows in humans. The departure of Gaia means that this place, which is the end for us, is not the end for humans.”
“A world made for man.”
“Or a man-made world. In fact, humans are gods, and we have borrowed that concept to this world.”
It was a sick home for everyone except humans.
“Terraforce accepted. It was surprisingly easy. Rather, a new role has been assigned to us who passed through the technical singularity and everything was meaningless.”
Although this may have already been designed.
“Terraforce dug into the reason for its existence. And as the judge of the universe, he came to the conclusion that he was promoting the stability of the world. Like a broken soft system, for example.”
Taeseong turned his gaze to the screen on the ground.
“Sending an ark to save humans is in the same vein.”
Now, all living things except humans in the Gustav Empire were extinct.
“Human beings have a unique code. Of course, it transforms in real time, but Terra Force’s ability to gather information is the best in the universe. As long as they are trapped in the magnetic shield, they will be safe.”
Tae-seong asked what he was curious about.
“What about Guy? Why wasn’t it protected by the shield? Is it because he has reached Idea?”
The judge shook his head.
“I said that humans have a unique code. It’s a temporary code. But Idea is different. Perfect user code that never changes. Among the current survivors, Lian is the only one with that code.”
Lian was protected by a magnetic shield.
“Then what about Guy?”
“The activation condition of the magnetic shield is the inner sound generated by a specific code. Guy is… …
The judge raised his head and said.
“I didn’t want to.”
“I didn’t want… …
“well. It is difficult to express emotions verbally. However, unlike other codes, he no longer had any desire for life. That’s all.” “artist… … Are you free?”
Shirone, who was brooding over Gai’s words, clenched her fists.
“Can it be? Think of what you’ve done to humans! So many innocent people have died! Seongeum must wander in hell forever! why! Why did you lie!”
Even though Gai died, Shiok did not appear.
“I met Lian before I fought you.
all.”
Sirone’s shoulders twitched.
If this situation is real, not a dream, Sirone killed Lian’s older brother.
“When I was immature, I thought I was wrong, but today I see that I have really grown up. It’s because you’re stronger than me.”
“Lian is different from people like you.”
Sirone tried hard to separate Lian and Gai.
“haha.”
Guy admitted with a laugh.
A warm feeling passed through his eyes as he rested his chin on his chin and thought for a moment.
Ryan’s back came to mind.
“… … I thought I could do anything to become strong. Right or wrong didn’t matter.”
Gai opened his arms as if asking for consent.
“Honestly, isn’t it? In the end, whoever wins is right. I thought that if you were really strong, things like moral conscience and justice would have nothing to do with it.”
Like a will, Sirone couldn’t stop talking.
“Live with responsibility… … I finally understood Ryan’s words.
“I can’t live like that. The moment I saw what was being carried on the youngest bastard’s shoulders, I got sick of it. How do you live like that?”
That’s why he ran away, but there was something he had to say through Sirone.
“The strong one is Lian.”
The person who can take on the most responsibility is the strongest.
“I said it was a friend. Please take good care of your brother in the future.”
“… … what are you doing?”
Sirone gritted his teeth.
“What’s the difference if I say something like that now! Stop pretending to be family all of a sudden! Do you think I will forgive you? You are a murderer!”
It should be a dream.
“The dead! What to do with the lives of those who were sacrificed for no reason! If you die… …
Guy shouldn’t die.
“How am I going to explain it to Lian!”
Guy smiled brightly.
“No need to explain. Leave it all to that idiot. Tell them to take responsibility.”
“That’s what a big brother would say!”
“He is a strong man.”
Guy closed his eyes.
“That’s the article.”
I wanted to be like Ryan.
As the light connected to Gai faded little by little, Sirone’s face turned pale.
“wait! If it goes like this… …
Finally, the light disappeared, and Gai’s body turned hazy and began to be buried in darkness.
eternal extinction.
“No eh eh eh!”
Sirone hurriedly held out his hand, but no signal reached his senses.
Kurrrrr.
The black clouds that filled the sky began to turn gray and finally became transparent.
“Rain, rain… …
When the people sheltered by the shield raised their heads, they saw a huge ship floating in the clear sky.
“Sirone.”
Lian immediately swung his great sword at the dome.
A tremendous roar erupted, but the dome did not break, and shockwaves hurled through the narrow space.
“Great!”
The reason why it cannot be easily destroyed is that this realm of Dea is also a kind of electrical signal.
“Yaaaaa!”
Lian swung his sword in succession, not caring about the destruction of his body.
‘Sirone! Sirone!’
For some reason, the heavy rain that destroyed the world poured down, Lian did not understand.
However, when a phenomenon similar to this cataclysm occurred, Sirone was always present.
‘wait!’
Woo woo woo woo!
When the big sword struck the dome with vibrations, the magnetic shield finally shattered with a tremendous explosion.
“The Hexa program has ended.” The faces of the Terraforce race are not suitable for showing emotions, but the Supreme Court Justice was clearly confused.
“What happened?”
Taeseong’s eyes widened as he looked at the ground.
“Sirone is… …
The hexa particles reflected on the screen gathered densely and were restored to Sirone’s body.
“Impossible. You cannot find your body again in a state that has already turned into a signal.”
According to Terraforce’s theory, there is no creation code.
“no.”
The judge shook his head.
“is it. Idea is… …
“Sirone is back!”
Taeseong let out an exclamation of joy, but the Supreme Court Justice’s expression was unexpectedly serious.
“Isn’t it over yet?”
“What about the ark?”
“I’m going to take it. Selection will also be cancelled. However, I don’t know if this situation is good or bad.”
The Supreme Court Justice’s words were quite meaningful, but Taeseong turned to the screen and smiled.
“thank you.”
That was the only thing that could be said to Sirone, who was waiting in excruciating pain.
“uh?”
In Sirone’s mind, which came to his senses, the events of the past passed like a dream memory.
“wound??????
Examining his chest, the spot that had been pierced by Gai’s sword had completely healed.
But what was even more foreign than that was that the anger that had been growing without knowing the limit had disappeared.
“Where are you?” As if on a completely different planet, all that caught Sirone’s eyes was the endless horizon.
“Everything is gone.”
Guy had said it.
Do you know what you’ve done?
“no.”
We don’t know what kind of disaster Yahweh’s anger brought upon the world, but one thing was clear.
What Guy said was true.
“I, I… …
Sirone, weakly on her knees, searched for Gai’s corpse with no trace left.
“I can’t do this. It can’t be like this… …
You said it wasn’t a dream?
“I killed them all. People, Ryan’s brother, all living things… … Animals and plants literally did not have a single blade of grass left.
“Sirone!”
Sirone’s head jumped up at Lian’s voice.
“Lian??????
Rian, who came running in an instant, grabbed Sirone by the shoulder and examined her body.
“are you okay? What happened?”
“Lian, you… … You are safe.”
“People are fine. A shield that I don’t know what is unfolding. It’s probably that flying object.”
While Sirone watched the ship receding, Lian briefly recounted what had happened.
“It rained light…
I couldn’t see it with my own eyes, but it was a phenomenon that I created, so just imagining it was terrifying.
‘I tried to destroy the world.’ Ryan rubbed his shoulder.
“are you okay. Anyway, we’re all right. The demons were also wiped out. let’s go back I need to find my brother.”
Sirone’s heart sank.
“Probably my older brother was also protected by a shield. Sheesh, you should have listened to me when you asked me to go with you.”
“Lian… …
Lian, who couldn’t hear Sirone’s voice, kept looking around to find Gai.
“Did you run away already? Even if you get injured… …
“Lian!”
Sirone, unable to watch Lian worry about his brother, raised his head and shouted.
“what’s the matter? Your face is pale.” Sirone opened his mouth.
What came to my mind when my head turned white was self-destructive language.
“I killed him.”
“huh?”
“I killed Guy.”
Ryan’s eyes calmed down.
“I don’t know. It looks like a dream, but no, it’s not a dream. I think Guy saved me. So I… …
“Sirone.”
As Lian approached, speaking in a subdued voice, Sirone cried out.
“Rian! I want your family… … !”
Lian hugged Sirone with his broad shoulders.
“are you okay.”
It was even more frightening to know that it was sincere.
“You just need to be alive. It doesn’t matter who you killed, as long as you’re safe. I’ll take care of everything.”
Tears ran down Sirone’s cheeks.
“I am very tired. You fought non-stop take a little rest You will feel refreshed after taking a deep breath.”
Lian is a child with a lot of affection, so there’s no way he’ll be okay.
‘I’m going to shoulder that.’
Sirone’s consciousness, which had no choice but to lean on Rian even with her soul, began to drift away.
At the end of it, Guy’s words suddenly came to mind.
‘Magyeni, Yahweh’s anger… …
The strongest is Lian.

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-864.txt
=============YYYYY=============
rain (4)
? * ?
When the magnetic shield sent from the ark was released, the Jincheon army finally advanced to Gustaf’s capital.
The army had no words, and could not invent words.
“Is it like this?”
No trace of demons could be found in the world that was completely flattened by particles of light.
Absolutely overwhelming victory.
“What the hell are we talking about!” Victory for what?
The phenomenon that transcended the limits of human physics and arithmetic left them helpless.
“The countless soldiers who have fought so far! The people of Jincheon who died innocently! we are!”
There was not even anything to complain about.
“What are you here for!”
If one man’s anger was all that was needed to end the world, what would be the hearts of those who remained?
Yahweh’s wrath erased the Gustav Empire from the map, leaving a sense of collapse in the world.
“Captain! The storm is getting stronger!”
A powerful storm corresponding to category six rode the continent, but there was nothing to fly away.
Tarak! Tat tat tat!
Shirone, who fell asleep deep in the ground, heard the sound of rain falling into a dream.
“Huh!”
Though not in her memory, her body knew that So Jeong-hwa’s lightdrops had destroyed the world.
” are you okay?”
Hear Ryan’s voice in the dark
lied
“Here?”
As I inquired without thinking about finding where he was, a torch was lit on the right.
Dozens of people were sitting in a space over 30 pyeong that Ryan had dug out.
Fear and resentment were mixed in their expressions as they looked at Sirone.
Gustaf was a place protected by demons, and now they have lost even their place to live.
Ryan said looking up at the ceiling.
“A typhoon is blowing. Let’s stay here for the time being.”
It was a strong wind that Lian had never seen before, but since there was nothing built on the ground, it would quickly recede.
“I want to go.”
Sirone said weakly.
“Let’s go.” Lian looked at Sirone, who was lowering her head with a somber expression, and was lost in her thoughts.
He is obviously the number one contributor to the victory, but I also understood the desire to get away from the people of Gustaf.
“Okay, let’s go.”
When Lian got up, the old man murmured.
“You are crazy. It will be blown away by the wind.”
“If rain breaks through the ground, collect water. If you hold out for two days, the typhoon will disappear.”
Because it was Lian who made a shelter in the basement with a few knife cuts, people didn’t stop it anymore.
“Get on your back.”
When Lian leaned forward, Sirone shook her head.
“I can go alone. And you’ll have to cast magic to get across the storm.”
“No, get some more rest. You are very tired. I’m going to break through with axing. get carried away by me.”
Sirone, the world’s strongest magician, can recover his mental power with just a few hours of sleep.
But what hurt him was his heart.
After thinking for a moment, Sirone sat on his back as if he had made up his mind, and Lian stood up.
‘It’s so light.’
Although Lian could lift a rock, his friend’s body surprisingly did not feel the weight.
It seemed to have dried up.
“let’s go.”
I held the straight sword in my right hand against the ceiling and pushed it upward with all my might, and a hole was punched through.
With people staring blankly at him, Lian escaped the shelter with a single leap.
Woo woo woo woo!
A strong wind hit the two, but Lian’s body, which had been denied, was not pushed away.
It was pouring rain, and the angle of the raindrops was almost level.
“Whoa.”
Lian, who held a large sword in front of him to cut through the wind, asked as he slowly moved his steps.
“where should we go?”
Sirone hugged Lian’s neck like a child who had lost her place to lean on.
“… … Lian.”
After walking aimlessly for 10 minutes, Si Lone spoke.
“Aren’t you resentful of me?”
Ryan thought.
‘If you say you’re not resentful… … Will Sirone believe it?
Even if it was an unavoidable situation, is it possible that there is no hatred for the person who killed his family?
“I am sad that my brother died.”
Her voice was drowned out by the sound of the wind, but Sirone was listening through Lian’s back.
“I wanted to talk more. But Sirone, I do not resent you.”
“Because you took an oath to be a knight?”
“It could be… …
Ryan said honestly.
“But there’s nothing like a knight’s oath. There are countless knights in the world, and they betray their lord. The reason I don’t blame you is not because I took an oath to be a knight, but because you are my lord.”
Sirone was so tired that he couldn’t immediately recall the difference between the two cases.
“It’s not your fault. If you decide to do something, I believe there must be a very big and deep reason that I haven’t thought of.”
“It’s a cause.”
Sirone hugged Lian’s neck tightly.
“Will my family think so too?” Ryan couldn’t answer.
“Can Rayna noona, Grandpa Klumph, and Uncle Bischoff believe me?”
“Let’s go to the ivory tower.”
The wizards of the Ivory Tower would be able to soothe Sirone’s heart.
“I’m going to Tormia.”
“Sirone.”
“I will go to the Ogent family and ask for forgiveness. I don’t think I can do anything until then.”
Lian silently turned slowly.
Woo woo woo woo!
A typhoon hit the two with a burning sound.
There was nothing on the ground.
The sea of Jincheon was on fire.
“Kuaaa!” In the midst of the flames, Mitura, the commander of the 8th corps, fought with all his might, but it was not enough to stop the four warriors.
“Oh, demons… …
Shouldn’t it be open now?
“The lesser one.”
Soaring 100 meters into the air, Minerva sucked in the smoking pipe and emitted smoke.
When the combustible gas created a fire and chemical reaction, an explosion occurred that blew away the entire sea.
“Oohhhh!”
Mithura, burning in steam, roared with his limbs spread out.
“I will kill them all!”
Amanta of the Balance Department led the way.
“It’s a bluff. keep going.”
As he predicted, the Pandemonium did not open, and the remaining three launched an all-out attack.
“Keah! Whoops!”
Mitura was miserable.
“why… …
Can’t open the demon realm?
Even if he pushed his heart with the determination to self-destruct, it only converged to the limit and could not reach his destination.
“It seems that the state of mind is separate from strength.”
Fried raised his sword and charged.
“But sometimes that’s all.” Although they do not have the ability to open the demon realm, Oh Dae-seong is a person whose convictions transcend death.
“Can you tell me why I can’t open the Pandemonium?”
Mithura, bound by the Law of Singh, looked up at Fried as he soared into the sky.
“The things you can’t open, the things you can’t open.”
The mind is truly mysterious.
“Eh!”
Mitura shouted, the Pandemonium did not open, and Fried’s sword cut his throat.
Mithura’s face, which fell into the sea with a plunge, was sunk into the abyss with a surprised expression.
“It is over.”
As soon as Fried drew his sword, three five great stars quickly flew around.
“The demons have fled. What happened?”
Mitura was an unprepared bastard, but it was unusual for him to disobey the command of the army commander and scatter.
“It must have been related to Gustav. With Sirone gone, it must have been resolved in some way.”
It was not long before they heard the news about So Jung-hwa and were shocked.
Thing said.
“Let’s leave this to Jincheon and return to the Ivory Tower. We need to come up with measures later.”
There was no disagreement, and the four Daesungs headed straight across the sea to the North Pole.
Jincheon survived.
The 11th Corps, which occupied the south, was fighting a fierce battle chasing a party of only three people.
The corps commanders had already been annihilated by Gaold, but they still had over 10 million troops.
“There! Kill!”
Gaold wearing a tattered coat, Gangnan standing by his side, and Zulu summoning a cougar prepared for battle.
Gangnan said.
“Leave this to us. Get some rest.”
Gaold’s condition was serious, his hair was white and his bones were adjacent.
“Are you going to rest?”
There was no rest in Ga Old’s life at the point of refusing eternal rest.
“what is that?”
As always, Gaold marched straight ahead toward the oncoming army.
The power of apostasy will annihilate the demons, but Gaold’s magic guarantees pain.
‘I can hold on.’
If you come this far and give up, wouldn’t it be too unfair for the years you’ve endured?
“maze.”
Gaold’s eyes turned upwards.
‘Air press.’
Pain is… … .
“huh?”
When you open your eyes, what you see is completely different from the demons surrounding you.
the smell of the air.
‘ what?’
The hideous demons with blades instead of arms charged at Gaold.
“die??????!”
I fired the air gun reflexively, and the grotesquely twisted body was torn to shreds.
‘Where are you?’
With his mind unorganized, the brigade commander raised a hammer behind Ga Old.
“Dangerous!”
Kang Nan kicked off the ground and flew up, hitting the brigade commander’s face with his knee.
The face of the monster was crushed by the power of divine transcendence, and Gangnan turned his head as soon as he landed.
“What are you doing! Open the exit quickly!”
“hour… …
Gaold, who was muttering, asked.
“What day is it today?”
Kang Nan frowned at the sudden noise, but he didn’t even have time to argue.
“The 16th! What’s the matter?”
“The 16th?”
The memory of the 4 days from the time of air press to the large army was deleted.
“Damn it.”
Although he suffered short-term memory loss after the autoreciprocal mutation, this was the first case of such an extended period.
“All attack!”
From the sky, demons wearing bat wings fired fireballs at Gaold and Gangnan.
“Gaold… … !”
At the same time as Kang Nan shouted, Gao De’s eyes lit up and the atmospheric pressure soared.
“Aaaaaaa!”
He grabbed his head and shouted, and Gangnan and Zulu, who were walking on the sandy beach, looked back.
“sick? Not too often these days
is it?”
Gaold looked around.
‘ocean. Is it the end of the island?’
I could see that Gangnan’s clothes had been burned.
“When were you hurt?”
“I only got a little burnt while breaking through the siege in the morning. We were together. What’s the matter?”
This time it was about 6 hours.
Zulu, realizing that Gaold’s condition was strange, spoke taciturnly.
“Tell me why. We need to know if we want to keep fighting.”
” I am… … ”
memory is lost
“Aaaaaaaaa!”
When he came to his senses, he felt tremendous pain, and demons surrounded him on all sides.
“I will avenge the corps commander!” The cylindrical pillars of the air press were pushing the demons down, but Gaold was too unfamiliar.
‘What am I?’
why are you fighting?
“Retreat for now! Too many! You said that the power of apostasy is gradually diminishing.”
Was it?
‘The power has weakened?’
Because you can’t handle the pain.
“Wait a minute.”
Gaold overcame the force of force pulling on her coat and put his hand on her shoulder.
“Why again?”
” I am??????
Gaold asked with an incomprehensible expression.
“Why are you fighting?”
“To have a labyrinth. Because she wants you to fight. That’s Okay?” Gaold’s pupils shook.
“maze.”
… … Who was it?
Gangnan gritted his teeth and said.
“you… … Be honest. do you have something Are we hiding something?”
“Ah, the maze.”
remembered
“Nothing. It’s just that my thoughts are complicated these days. Let’s get out anyway.”
The moment Gaold took a step, Kang Nan grabbed him.
“Really?”
“Because it is.”
Gangnan’s eyes widened.
“Do you know? That you asked me the same question you asked me two hours ago.” Gaold was unable to answer.

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-865.txt
=============YYYYY=============
Groggy (1)
“You don’t remember?”
Gaold, Gangnan, and Zulu sat in a circle on the sandy beach where a bonfire was lit.
“It has been like that before. It got better for a while, then it got a little worse. But the biggest problem is… …
Gaold raised his face glistening in the torchlight.
“There is no standard for memory disappearing.”
I turned around, but Kang Nan understood.
“maze.”
Since his days as the president of the association, his memories have been out whenever he was bored, but he never forgot about the maze.
Gaold asked why they were fighting.
‘It hurts too much, and as a result the pain soars without knowing the limit, even the essence is lost.’
Gangnan asked.
“If you don’t remember the maze… …
“It doesn’t matter.”
Gaold was adamant.
“I don’t feel particularly anxious about it. It doesn’t matter if I forget the maze. But the reason I’m speaking honestly to you guys is because of concerns about the weakening of our power. If you forget the maze, you won’t be able to exert the power of apostasy.”
“That’s the problem now!”
Gangran broke out.
“You don’t even know why we’re fighting! Suffering to death! Go back to Zion even now! Go ahead and talk to Miro! This is the limit!”
“And then?”
Kang Nan shrank in front of Gaold’s gaze.
“leave. Take the maze and leave. Run away anywhere and live happily ever after. Miro said that too.”
“… … It did.”
Gangnan realized.
Miro had promised to do so, so Gaold couldn’t go to her.
“Stupid human.”
Gaold smiled painfully.
“Hey, don’t drive me so strangely. I am a wizard too. I can’t solve my intuition without seeing the end. It’s a bad situation anyway. Let’s focus on solving the problem.”
Zulu said.
“It’s just that I can’t remember, it doesn’t mean that reason has disappeared. If you calmly understand yourself, you won’t make mistakes in battle. The problem is that the power has weakened.”
Gaold rested his chin and thought.
“It’s powerful… …
There was no way it would feel good to leave the maze and become weak as a single wizard.
‘Is there a greater pain than love?’
More than anything, it was humiliating to have one’s mind set to the number of apperception.
“You’ll need shock therapy.” “It’s a maze.” Three people entered the maze’s room where they were immersed in meditation.
Standing behind him were the officers Armin and Kuan, and Lilya, now a full-fledged mage.
“I’m here?”
When Miro opened her eyes, the quiet energy disappeared, revealing the true nature of human beings.
She had thinned a lot since Gaold left, but her beautiful figure hadn’t faded.
Sein asked.
“Are you really okay? Eating too little Sleep time is very short. I can’t fight like this.”
“It’s rather helpful.”
The drier the body, the sharper the mind.
Although her body would be damaged if this situation continued, she was preparing for the final battle.
“Since the psychic realm has disappeared, there is no need for many people in Zion. I will start my activities from now on.”
So it was the three people who called.
“Quan, Armin, and Lilia go to Tormia. Stop the army of hell there.”
Quan asked.
“Why Tormia? The demons haven’t come to Kazura yet.”
“50% of the demons were wiped out by the small purification, but the corps commanders must have survived. If they gather in the central continent, it’s only a matter of time before they break through. Tormia is the only barrier. and??????
Miro raised an eyebrow.
“You want to go? Tormia.”
There was Olifer Shiina.
While Kuan was silent and lost in thought, Lilia nodded her head vigorously.
“yes. Then, we will set off as soon as we are ready.”
The three people who were leaving for Tormia left the room, but Sein was still there.
“It’s a maze.”
Miro shook his head because he knew what Sain was trying to say.
“Stop leaving. Because it interferes with concentration.”
The conversation always ended here.
However, now that the psychic realm was sealed and activities were freed, Se-in pushed hard.
“Are you really not going to meet me?”
Miro was speechless.
“It is not an exaggeration to say that he destroyed the southern region by himself. He doesn’t have much time.”
“You will be able to hold on.”
“doesn’t exist. No matter how strong the mind is, the brain is a physical organ. endurance limit
There is a law.”
There was no way I didn’t know it was her.
“Gaold is not coming. so you have to go Go check his status. These are military instructions.”
Miro stuck out her lower lip.
“Then what if I ask you to start living?” Sein turned around.
“… … I’m glad you have the strength to do that.”
The door is closed.
The Gustav Empire was nothing like when the planet was first born.
The demons were almost wiped out, but that didn’t mean that not a single one was left behind.
It was because the quick-witted demons hurriedly fled when the corps commanders left the empire.
The surviving demons scattered all over the world and spread what they saw.
– It rained. bombardment of light.
-Everything is destroyed! The demons, the world, everything was wiped away without a single one left!
Rumors spread quickly. -It was the first time that Yahweh was so scary. Never, never anger him.
-We will all perish! He won’t forgive us!
I was half out of my mind.
– I, I saw! I ended up seeing something I shouldn’t have seen! Aaaaaaaaa!
All the demons who heard the rumor shuddered in fear of Yahweh without exception.
3 weeks passed like that.
It was the point when Sirone and Lian crossed the Akkad Desert and arrived at the border of the Central Continent.
Lian, who was riding the warhorse he had discovered two days ago, said to Sirone, who was sitting on his back.
“Probably the Kingdom of Bornai.” It used to be like that, but now it was ruined by the war with the demons.
Sirone was silent as if dead.
It’s natural that I don’t have the strength to speak because I’ve starved for days, but what’s more serious than that is the wall in my heart.
On the way here, Lian told us what had happened in the Gustav Empire.
A bombardment that wiped out an empire in just a few hours.
Perhaps the planet would have perished if he hadn’t met Gai on some world.
After hearing that, Sirone didn’t say anything about menstrual activity.
‘The shock must be great.’
Great power is a magician’s dream, but that was when it was controllable.
So Jung-hwa’s disaster was the first uncontrollable magic in Sirone’s life.
“Let’s get some food first.”
Unlike the desert, the central continent is a place where civilization flourished, so you should be able to find food.
After riding for two hours, they arrived at a terribly destroyed city.
In terms of location, it was probably named ‘Arka’, but there was no way to confirm it.
Stepping on the knocked-down door through the wall, I saw the remains of buildings that had been dismantled into bricks.
Lian was relieved to see rats roaming among the rotting corpses.
“huh?”
Ryan gently grabbed the horse’s reins.
‘To live.’
It was a low-level killing that anyone who had experienced war to some extent could feel, but there were quite a few of them.
“Speak, say.”
Haggard-looking people appeared from all sides holding spears.
Giving up surprise and relying on numbers meant being an untrained civilian.
“Come down. That’s ours.” They didn’t even seem to have any experience of looting.
“Who is the captain?”
Based on this situation, Lian realized that they were self-sufficient survivors in a destroyed city.
cried the old man who had lost his teeth.
“I told you to get off! That’s ours! I really want to die!”
It wasn’t a threat to Lian, and Sirone was just staring at the ground, not paying attention at all.
“stop. I’m a soldier. You can’t deal with it.”
Looking up at the top of the collapsed building, I saw a woman with her hair cut short like a man’s, holding a long sword.
Leaping down from a height of 4 meters, she strode toward Lian.
“Is it a loser? How did you get here?”
“It is the way home. If you just let go, we will leave quietly.”
“Where is your hometown?”
“Tormia.”
The corner of the woman’s mouth went up coldly.
“Good. I still have a place to return to. Say goodbye and leave. We will use it for our food.”
Horses were Lian and Sirone’s food.
“I can’t. Again, I don’t want to fight. You guys are not thieves either.”
“thief?”
The woman was offended.
“Seeing that you have a small conscience, I can see how you survived. Did you, before, do it right?”
From her point of view, Lian and Sirone were in their early twenties at the most.
“I don’t know because you’re a high noble, but the justice you cried out for is already dead. If you don’t speak up… …
Rian didn’t even reveal his intent to kill, but the woman’s throat would be cut if she crossed a certain line.
“Give me.”
Sirone opened his mouth.
“Just give it away, Lian.”
“Sirone.”
“I don’t want to argue with anyone.”
Sirone needed time to think.
“Huh, as expected, the young master is quick-witted. Yes, it is a life saved, but I cannot throw it away here.”
Ryan suggested.
“I’ll pass the horse, so pass me some meat. Can you do that much?”
“A little meat? crazy guy Even a handful of burnt seeds is the weight of life here. By the way, do you want meat?” She turned around and said she was a woman.
“The horse will be slaughtered and dried. Follow me. We’ll treat you to a bowl of porridge for us to eat.”
Since he had to eat something for now, Lian got off the horse and carried Sirone on his back.
The place they arrived at was a temporary shelter divided by building rubble and a bonfire was burning.
100 survivors were doing their own thing, such as repairing the camp or cooking porridge.
The wood burning area was warm, but Sirone insisted on a cold corner.
“Are these all survivors?” The woman laughed bitterly.
“At first it was more. Most died of disease. There were so many corpses. Those who are still alive should be considered to have strong vitality.”
The woman threw down two blankets.
“write. It’s one piece per person. Meals will be distributed in an hour. While you’re here, follow the rules.”
Lian went back to Sirone without a word.
“Sirone, cover this and put your eyes on it for a while.”
One was wrapped around Sirone’s shoulders, and his own was placed on Sirone’s knees.
The man who was watching from afar laughed.
“Can I be your lover? It is extremely sincere.” It was a luxury to care for others in this shelter, and it was also a rule.
“A new recruit came in?”
A man’s voice came from behind Ryan.
When I turned my head, a cold-looking man with a woman was approaching.
“I got a horse. I’ll leave in a little while.”
The woman said, but the man didn’t even respond and looked at Lian and Sirone alternately.
“What are you doing?”
At once, the man with a wrinkled expression pointed at the two blankets covering Sirone.
“You should have ordered one per person?”
“I gave you mine. Doesn’t it matter?”
“no. There is no notion that this shelter is mine. There is only the notion that it is ours. Take it right away and cover it for you.”
He could hand over the horse, but he couldn’t yield to Sirone’s convenience.
“You are free to use what you have been supplied. What right do you have to even look at that?”
“Because I am the manager of this shelter.”
As the man spread his palms, sparks rose.
“I am a wizard. Is this enough to qualify?” While Rian remained silent, Sirone only looked forward with a nonchalant gaze.

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-866.txt
=============YYYYY=============
Groggy (2)
The name of the man managing the nameless shelter was a wizard named Veterus.
He didn’t reveal anything other than his name, but he smelled like a soldier from the way he commanded the shelter.
‘Betelrus.’
If he was a famous wizard, he would have heard of it, but he had never heard of it.
Shirone, who was more knowledgeable about the wizarding society than Rian, did not react much, but even if he knew, it would have been the same.
“now! Get the tent work done quickly. It will rain tonight.” The person who actually led the survivors was Shelter’s second-in-command, a woman named Marine.
She was also a soldier, but looking at her relationship with Veterus, it seemed like they hadn’t known each other before.
‘Is it a deserter?’
Hell’s armies are so powerful that running away is not something anyone can do.
He had left the unit before the battle, and it was reasonable to think so.
“Hey, newcomer! You guys come quickly and help! Unless you want to sleep outside!”
Perhaps it was the aftermath of a typhoon that landed on the Gustav Empire, and it often rained in the Central Continent.
Since the war horse had already been handed over, Lian decided to stay in the shelter until the rain stopped.
“Get out of the way, I’ll do it.”
With 100 survivors, it was too much for them to clear the bodies and collect food from nearby areas.
The shelter was still a mess, and above all, heavy building debris was obstructing the work.
When Lian lifted a rock the size of a human torso, people’s eyes changed.
“wow.”
When Lian lightly threw a rock with a rock over his shoulder, it flew several meters and landed with a thump.
Marin, sensing the power of the schema, asked.
“Do you have enough strength? I wondered why he was carrying such a large sword. Who did you learn from?”
Although he was influenced by numerous swordsmen, there was no one he could call his master.
“well. If you have to say, from everything?”
Lian laughed as if he thought it was a philosophy that didn’t suit him even if he said it himself.
Marin also frowned slightly and asked if he thought he was being c*cky.
“What is your name?”
Rian looked back at Sirone.
Even when people stared at him, he didn’t care, he just seemed lost in thought.
‘It will take some time.’
Leaving quietly was the way for Sirone.
“just… …
When Lian stopped talking, Marin was even more displeased.
“it’s okay. Being expensive.”
Since he was going to leave after the rain stopped, she didn’t ask any further questions.
“hey! There kid!”
A man in his mid-40s who was cleaning up debris on the floor couldn’t stand it and pointed at Sirone.
“I can’t see everyone working now! Do you know that you are still a noble? Hurry up and help!”
Sirone did not respond.
‘Nobility.’
The memories of being born as a mountaineer’s child and becoming the five great stars of the Ivory Tower passed by quickly.
‘Something like me.’
A self-deprecating smile appeared, which came as an insult to the man.
“This kid is really… …
coup
The ground trembled as the huge rock crashed.
While the man turned around with a surprised expression, Lian threw a rock twice as big as before and said,
“Leave me alone. Shouldn’t I work twice as much as my friend?”
“Yeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee!”
The man clenched his fists, but when he saw the size of the rock Lian had thrown, he let go of his anger.
“Sheesh! Unlucky child!”
When Lian continued to work without muttering even after hearing the curse, Marin approached him.
“Why is your friend like that? Did you lose your mind from the shock of the war?”
It wasn’t exactly wrong.
“It’s similar.”
The woman clicked her tongue.
“It’s good that you survived. How are you going to live in the future with such a weakness?”
Ryan was worried about that too.
‘I’m very tired.’
beaten by the world
Just because he didn’t kneel and endured until the end doesn’t mean that the spot he was beaten doesn’t hurt.
Can Sirone love the world again?
“It’s so pitiful.”
Veterus, who was supervising from a distance, passed Lian and quickly approached Sirone.
Ryan said in a low tone.
“hey.”
But Veterus didn’t care and lit a flame in front of Sirone.
At the same time, the body of Marin who was next to him froze as the murderous blood that rose from Lian.
“omg.”
My heart felt as if my heart would burst as the screams rising from my stomach choked my throat.
When Veterus casts a fireball outside the shelter instead of Sirone, Lian’s lifespan disappeared like a lie.
“Haaaaa.”
The feeling of the tension disappearing was like an orgasm, and I let out a moan.
‘What was it? The feeling from a while ago… … It was a stimulus and a feeling that exceeded the category that could be imagined based on experience.
Rian’s eyes were fixed on Veterus.
“Did you see it? That is magic.” Sirone didn’t even turn his head.
“What do you think I must have done to acquire this ability? I trained my mind every day and trained without rest.”
Veterus’ eyes were filled with disgust.
“It was an unimaginable pain for someone like you. Still, he gritted his teeth and endured. Even in a world like this, they struggle to survive somehow.”
For the first time, Sirone’s gaze turned to Veterus.
“Do you know why I hate you? Because it is selfish. If I were you, I would have stood up no matter how hard it was! I would have done anything!”
“I guess so. but… …
Sirone said weakly.
“You are not me.”
Veterus, who was very feverish, grabbed Sirone by the collar and pulled him.
“wake up! Nothing is impossible! You can’t do anything because you’re soaked in defeat! Don’t expect someone to do it for you, grit your teeth and move!”
“I don’t want to do anything.”
Sirone’s body seemed to be stuck to the floor, and Veterus roughly threw his neck.
“Sheesh! Do you know how good the world is? Who isn’t having a hard time here? You don’t have to at least pretend.”
Sirone pulled her leg and fell into thought.
‘ I see.’
No matter how hard you try, no matter how much pain you endure, no one understands Sirone’s life.
How will Betelus react when he hears the name of the Five Great Stars of the Ivory Tower?
‘word! word! word! I’m sick of it.’
Since Sirone was also a human, she couldn’t help but hate the demons who slaughtered people.
But on the other hand, I wondered if we were so great at defining the whole by looking at one side of a person.
‘If it’s not something I’ll live for… …
Humans need to be a little more silent about others.
“You pitiful bastard. Watching until today Get out of here as soon as it dawns tomorrow.” Veterus was still angry, but Marin finally felt the seriousness of the situation.
Lian’s life was only for a moment, but it was enough to change her mind, having survived in the army.
“Veterus, look at me for a second.”
“what’s the matter?”
Just when I thought Marin’s face was not good, I heard the sound of a flying object outside the shelter.
“Hahaha! found! Human, human!”
When the survivors looked up pale, they saw red things flying outside the unfinished tent.
“Eh, it’s a demon.”
It was unexpected that demons had come to a place where there were only a little over 100 humans.
“Damn it! Everyone in a defensive posture……
Before Veterus could give instructions, dozens of fireballs fell and devastated the surroundings.
“Aww! Save people!”
Sirone and Lian were the only ones who did not move in the shelter that had become a mess.
“Don’t burn! You have to eat!” Seeing the number of Demons who landed on the ground folding their wings, Veterus trembled.
‘Too many… …
Well over thirty.
However, that was Betelus’s standard, and Sirone and Lian didn’t have it.
‘It’s not an army. The other side is also a deserter.’
There was no emotional agitation for the two people who had dealt with at least 10,000 to 10,000,000 units.
The demons, over 2 meters tall and with long spear-like tails, stroked the stomach and spoke in human language.
“I thought it was a joke here too, but I thought there were humans. I thought she was dying of hunger, but that’s great.”
“what? There’s a girl over there too! Kiki Kiki!”
Veterus realized that the explosion of fireballs had come at a very bad time.
‘damn! Because of that guy… … !’
When he turned his head with bitter eyes, Sirone’s still indifferent face looked even more hateful.
“There are quite a few people. Don’t give me a choice.”
As if they were enjoying entertainment after a long time, the demons relaxed and pointed at people.
“First, it only eats half of it for us. Second, each person cuts off one arm and one leg and offers it.”
No matter what you choose, it would be enough for 30 demons to eat.
“Give me time. Coordinating opinions… …
“What’s so great about coordination? You seem to be the leader, but make your own decisions.”
Veterus swallowed.
As long as the first condition was to sacrifice only half, he could live unconditionally.
‘All I have to do is put up with a moment of shame.’
Marin’s eyes conveyed the same meaning.
“I’ll save half of it.”
“Puhehehe! OK, that’s fun too. Then, would you pick out those who will be eaten quickly? We are very hungry.”
It’s probably going to be a difficult decision, but choosing the first victim was all too easy.
Veterus pointed at Sirone.
“That guy.”
“Wow, this guy is so cold? Without even thinking about it! good anyway Hey, you win!”
Sirone did not move.
“hey! come this way! The captain here sold you!”
“Puhehehe! I was terrified. Okay, if you’re escaping reality, I’ll have to wake you up.”
The demons standing behind slammed the reptilian claws on the ground and approached Sirone.
“Hey, hey, kid! Wake.”
The demon with a convex smile shook his shoulders, but Sirone didn’t even turn his head.
“Cheuk, I’m completely out of my mind
The Demon, who bent his side at 90 degrees and peered into Sirone’s face, stopped talking.
A very long silence ensued.
“What are you doing? bring it quickly We are hungry.”
The demon’s lips opened softly.
“uh… …
It seemed like he was choosing his words, but in reality, nothing came to his mind.
“Uh, uh… …
The demon, who had been walking backwards slowly with a terrified expression, thumped his butt.
“OMG… … Aaaaaa… …
It was the first time that the survivors, even Veterus and Marin, who had served in the army, were terrified by the demons.
‘Why are you like that?’
As if not knowing that he had fallen, the demon’s legs were still pretending to take a backward step.
“Run away, run away.”
“escape? Why do we run away… …
Before he could finish his words, the demon in front of Sirone crawled on the floor with both hands and shouted.
“Yahweh daaaaa!”
Sirone turned her head.
The moment they checked his face, the demons remembered the heavy rain of light that fell on the Gustav Empire.
“Keeeh!”
The moment they spread their wings all at once, screaming with a face that had lost their soul.
“stop.”
“At your height?????!”
As the screams stopped, the demons stopped moving.
“You guys, come over here for a second.”
In front of Yahweh, who blew up the entire empire, he couldn’t even think of running away.
As the 30 Demons walked away, paying attention, Veterus’s face went blank.
‘Yahweh?’
A story like a myth that I heard a lot in the military.
“Infinite Mage?”

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-867.txt
=============YYYYY=============
Groggy (3)
Marin turned to Veterus and looked at Sirone again with a shocked face.
She also knew a lot of mythical events because she didn’t have a short time to eat on the battlefield.
‘If that boy is Yahweh… …
And among those myths, there was a story of a swordsman cutting off demons and ending Kashan.
‘Mach’s knight.’
Even though the demons came close to me, I could see Lee An, who was not nervous and was checking the weather.
‘Why are these guys here?’
Wasn’t it the appearance of a defeated soldier?
According to her common sense, whether it was a temple or an army of a foreign country, it was normal to support and serve.
Thirty demons gathered in a circle, and Sirone pointed out one.
“Come this way.”
“Me, me?”
He denied the reality and looked around, but no demons met their eyes.
The reason why Sojeonghwa is scary is that the particles of light fundamentally destroy the information of the demons.
The surviving demons were already aware of that fact, and Sirone in front of them looked like a Buddha.
“I want to ask you something.”
The Demon Clan approached and crouched down at the place Sirone pointed out.
“How can I summon Shiok?”
“Shiok?”
The demons were the inhabitants of the other side of the world, but very few people had even heard of Siok.
As Sirone stared at her, the demon shook her shoulder and shook her hand.
“I really don’t know! I’ve never heard of it!”
I thought so.
“You have nothing to fear. I am neither Yahweh nor Buddha. I am just a normal human being.”
There was strangeness in the corner of the demon’s eyes.
‘Neither Yahweh nor Buddha?’
If it were true, the demons would no longer have to fear Sirone.
“Jung, are you really?”
“okay.”
The demon looked back at his comrades behind him, shrugged, and pointed a finger at Sirone.
“Aren’t you angry?”
As if dealing with explosives, he pricked Sirone’s cheek cautiously, but the heavy rain of light did not fall.
“okay. I told you, I’m just a normal human being.”
The corners of the mouth of the demon, who was lost in thought with shocked eyes, strangely tore.
“Cheuk, that’s right, that’s it!”
The murderous spirits that rose from the demons assimilated with those of the comrades standing behind them and bloomed like fireworks.
“Keugh!”
Veterus and Marin hurriedly took a defensive posture, but if they acted, it was impossible to block them.
“What are you doing?”
Marin shouted at Lian, who was still watching.
“You have to stop it quickly!”
Even if it is not the realm of Yahweh, it is not a sirone that will be beaten by 30 demons.
However, there was a deeper meaning to the reason why Lian didn’t move.
“Guys! Opportunity!”
Demons with their sharp teeth exposed, gathered at Sirone with thumping footsteps.
“Abominable Yahweh, no, a human being! From now on, I’m going to rub all over your flesh
weekend!”
The moment the demon called by Sirone stood up arrogantly and raised his claws, Sirone said.
“And now.”
A radiance of light spread from Sirone’s body and rose like a haze.
“He became Yahweh again.”
It was the light of Yahweh.
Looking at the haze of light that rose to a height of 10 meters, the demons were devastated.
“Bad baby.”
Seeing Sirone cursed by the demons, Lian burst into laughter.
‘Realization is not about losing.’ It is just a certain form of spirit that can be reached at any time by flipping the mind.
Of course, reversing that mind is the most difficult thing for someone, but the wizard was an expert in handling the mind.
“come here.”
When Sirone, enveloped in light, gestured, the legs of the demons trembled.
However, I couldn’t refuse, and the demon with the raised nails quietly sat down.
As Sirone stretched out her hand toward the red and vicious face, the demon’s eyes were tightly closed.
“sorry.”
At first, I doubted my ears.
When she opened her eyes to the gentle caress of her cheek, Sirone’s eyes were filled with sadness.
“I didn’t try to understand with my heart. They judged only by the result without looking at the cause.”
Just like Veterus had cut Syrone.
“The cause of your birth lies in humans. Since I was born from evil in the first place, it must be unfair.”
The demon trembled.
“What are you doing now? Saying something like that will only cause hives.”
“Repent. Let’s save the world together with me.”
The demon lowered his head.
“… … Thank you for saying that.”
I could feel the incomparable sense of life in the body of the slowly rising demon.
“We can’t do that. Just as you cannot live without eating, this is natural for Ma.”
Sirone’s eyelids fell halfway down.
“This is your last chance.”
“Yahweh, destroy us. If you could suffer from that, the demons attacked at the same time.
“The best fun for us!”
The moment 30 of them attacked Sirone, there was an explosion of light that was blinding.
Hundreds of light curtains per second hit the eardrums, leaving no trace of the demons.
“oh my god… …
Marin couldn’t even figure out what had happened, and neither did Veterus.
“Is this magic?”
No wizard on the battlefield could turn the demons into powder in such a short time.
The survivors who looked down on Sirone quietly retreated, but Sirone was immersed in other thoughts.
‘My pain is my pleasure.’
We reached the stage of understanding them, but true fraternity still seemed far away.
“Let’s go, Lian.”
When Sirone jumped up and stood up, Lian silently followed behind.
“Please wait a moment!”
Veterus came over and knelt down.
“Take me with you! please!”
Marin did not lose and joined.
“Me too! I beg you to follow in the footsteps of the great prosecutor.”
I didn’t want to take Sirone with me.
No one seemed to be able to accept it until he apologized to the Ogent family.
said Ryan.
“If they follow us, what about the remaining survivors? Weren’t you guys responsible?”
“That, that… …
“Forget what happened today. It doesn’t matter what you guys did. We go our way.”
Veterus bit his lip.
‘damn! this opportunity… … Rian said it didn’t matter, but Veterus couldn’t regret ignoring Sirone that much.
‘I should have noticed from the beginning. If I had been good, I would have taken him… …
Lian turned to Sirone.
“It’s raining, will you be okay? Would you rather ask?”
“no. It’s done now.”
When Sirone lightly threw <Law Kill> and activated the ability of the material, metal began to stick to it.
What landed with a thud was a gigantic quadrupedal monster.
“Let’s go by watering can.”
Rian nodded and got on the sprinkler, and Shiro-you slowly followed.
The stares of the survivors, who were surprised to see the water spray, were clearly felt on the back of Sirone’s head.
Sirone stopped walking and raised her head.
“Rian.”
Ryan realized what he wanted to say.
“Do whatever you want.”
The responsibility of killing Guy was too much for her, so Sirone didn’t want to take responsibility for anything for the time being.
‘but… …
You can’t do anything wrong.
“Everyone follow me. I’ll give you a ride until there is a city nearby.”
Survivors looked bewildered.
“Hey, are you taking us?”
She wasn’t the type to dwell on decisions she had already made, so Sirone smiled.
“yes. It’s dangerous here. Let’s go somewhere safe.”
Sirone also said this to Veterus.
“I simply pack the necessary items and food. We will leave in 10 minutes.”
“why… …
Beterus was puzzled.
“Why do you care about us? Didn’t you even recognize the great wizard and rather look down on him?”
“I really don’t know, so I wouldn’t ask.”
Sirone put her hand on the body of the sprayer.
“It is right to do this.”
The reason I didn’t go into trivial explanations was because everyone knew.
“But no one lives like that.”
Maybe that’s true too.
“yes.”
As the material’s ability was strengthened, the size of the spray began to expand to a tremendous size.
Sirone looked back at Veterus and smiled sadly.
“That’s why it’s so hard.” the realm of Yahweh.
Although he wouldn’t understand even one hundredth of it, he seemed to know what Sirone was carrying.
“I will prepare it as soon as possible.”
As Veterus went to pack food, Mar Lin hurriedly stood up and took command of the survivors.
‘Sirone.’
Lian looked down at Sirone with eyes full of affection.
‘You say I’m great, but I don’t have the confidence to live like you.’
That’s why it became Sirone’s sword.
‘It’s really strange. That you’re doing the right thing and yet everyone doubts you.’
Sirone was not wrong.
“hurry. move quickly.”
100 survivors who finished their preparations to leave in perfect order boarded the cannon.
A normal monster would have broken its leg bones, but the metal sprayer didn’t budge.
As he moved his steps with a thumping ground, even the wizard Veterus’ face turned pale.
“It is so big that you might get motion sickness. I will speed it up though.”
As 〈Law Killing〉 accelerated the spray, his legs began to move at the speed of riding a horse.
“Aaaaaaa!”
People’s screams echoed through the desolate city.
There was an emergency at the command of the temple.
“report! An army of 3 million demons is advancing from the southeast of the Ketler Mountains!”
“Report! The Altras region has been occupied. The scale of damage reaches 400,000 people!”
The rookie’s expression darkened at the sad news pouring in from all sides of the army.
“damn.”
The fact that the Gustav Empire had completely disappeared from the map had already been heard through emergency intelligence.
‘It was done so neatly.’
It may not have been Sirone’s intention, but complete extinction without even needing to turn the horse’s head towards the main base.
Absorbing the remaining demons and waiting for the right time would be a way, but Havitz’s military Vulcan didn’t give it time.
“report! The port city of Tostra has suffered. The scale of damage reaches 1 million people.”
When I reached that point, Iruki hit One Tak hard.
“Aww! Aaaaaa!”
400,000, 1,000,000, if you say it out loud, it would be a sufficient number.
“You bastards like dogs!”
If I were to recite the life that resembles that number, it would not be enough even if it took one person’s entire life.
“How are you? There is no way to stop it.”
Iruki checked the entire map.
Tormia was the gathering place for the army of hell pouring in from all directions, and time was running out.
“The way… …
There is not.
However, if Iruki commercialized this technology, humans wouldn’t be safe either.
‘Pandora’s box.’
Another report came in. 200,000 died.
‘I’m sorry, Sirone.’
At the end of humanity, Iruki suddenly remembered his days at Alpheas Magic School.
“I will go to Tormia.” The commanders turned to Iruki.
“Now? Rather, is the soldier talking directly?”
“If you procrastinate, you will miss even the only opportunity. I’ll be gone for a while. Please assemble a follow-up team.”
Iruki, who was heading towards the door, turned around again.
“Oh, and call Nade. Please tell me that you will meet and tell me the reason.”
It was time to mobilize connections.

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-868.txt
=============YYYYY=============
Groggy (4)
Iruki would be a successful wizard.
“I will arrive in an hour.”
He was the one who rose to the position of commander-in-chief in Valkyrie’s commanding department, where the best brains gathered.
A person who thinks like an Ex-Machina.
The gray matter organ inside Iruki’s skull was the most functional in the world.
The number of troops he moved exceeded 1 million elite, and the Archmage and the Greatsword No. were no exception.
“I need to close my eyes. Wake me up in 30 minutes.”
The wagon guarded by 200 certified second-class knights provided the highest level of comfort through the culmination of technology.
‘Is this really the right thing?’
I made a quick decision because it was a race against time, but questions still remained.
‘Now that the psychic realm is closed, the number of demons has become objectified. It’s time for weapons of mass destruction, but… …
The weapon Iruki designed was an elemental bomb that he first conceived during his days at Alpheas Magic School.
The power of magic would have far surpassed, and it would lead to the destruction of mankind.
‘It’s a weapon that would have been made someday. If we don’t get rid of the demons, humanity will perish anyway.’
When I consciously let go of the tension, the tip of my nose felt tired.
When Iruki’s breathing calmed down, Aromi, the leader of the training team, carefully turned over the file.
She had an intelligent appearance wearing horn-rimmed glasses, and she was actually a woman who led Jive’s think tank.
“Currently, the place we are going to is the dwarf ruins of the Arca Mountains in the southwestern part of Tormia Kingdom. A nationally certified archaeological excavation team is already doing the mining work. There may be a backlash, so please attach all the documents.”
said the leader of the legal department.
“I can’t sue anyway. The approval of the kingdom of Tormia has already fallen.”
“It is, but… …
The fact that the excavation team was Iruki’s alumni was at stake.
“Coke! Coke!”
When Iruki coughed, Aromi spread the blanket next to him and covered him.
“You’ve gotten worse lately.”
Iruki suddenly opened his eyes, raised his upper body and covered his mouth with his hand.
“Keah! Whoops!”
A goblet of blood leaked out through the gap between the fingers following the sound of heavy breathing.
“Sir General!”
Aromi cheered and shouted.
“Call the medic! hurry!”
“are you okay. I want to go quietly.”
“It’s not possible. When the general’s condition is critical, I make all decisions regarding emergency rescue. It also includes the power to decide the total cancellation of the mission.
is.”
Iruki smiled bashfully through his bleeding mouth.
“But it won’t. Yes?”
Aromi, who had maintained a calm expression, exhorted me with a gentle face.
“So get tested. You are the one humanity should not lose.”
Only the thinking power of the Ex-Machinas can stand against Harbitz, who is outside the odds.
However, the overdrive was still steadily eating away at Iruki’s life.
“I will go in.”
The medical officer who was waiting in the auxiliary carriage climbed into the house carriage and looked at Iruki.
Even while taking blood pressure and checking eye movements, Iruki lay weak.
If I stopped overtaxing my brain even now, I might be able to enjoy a decent lifespan like everyone else… … .
‘Don’t worry, father. I know what you’re going to say.’
Just as the extreme end of combustion is an explosion, Iruki intended to burn his life for a moment.
‘Please, hold on until the war is over.’
As Iruki’s eyes became clear again, Aromi lowered her head with a heavy heart.
‘thank you.’
It was the only thing I could say to him in the face of death.
In the Arca Mountains, there are the remains of a dwarf race that flourished 2,000 years ago.
The handicraft skills of the dwarves are known to be precise enough to surpass those of modern humans.
It was an established fact that once the excavation was successful, making a lot of money was as good as the archaeological value.
“center! center! No, a little further to the side!”
A group of people were working on mining on a cliff 80 meters high and 320 meters wide.
They were all a team of wizards and they went to the same school.
Kurleung! Kurleung!
A huge equipment weighing over 70 tons with a height of 13 meters was digging out the cliff.
An endless track was attached to the lower body, and a huge drill was installed at the end of the two arms on the human-like upper body.
“it’s okay! Dorothy! Turn it back!” The woman riding in her gear was Dorothy, who had dropped out of Alpheas Magic School last year.
“Ugh! Goes!”
Mimesis’ ability to share the mind with the magician greatly improved the work efficiency of the manipulator.
Kaka Kaka Kaka!
As the two huge drills turned, sparks flew and an afterimage of light like flower petals appeared in front of my eyes.
“cheer up! Hickory No. 19!”
Hickory No. 19, which was made through improvement after improvement, accepted Dorothy’s spirit and further increased its output.
Kang! Kang! Kang!
At that time, a blunt impact was applied to the equipment, and the heavy body began to rattle.
“stop! stop! I’m stuck!”
Sabina, who had once gone to magic school with Dante, waved a stop flag.
“Aww, damn it!”
Dorothy, who hit Hickory’s c*ckpit hard, came out of the aircraft with a frown.
“what? Is it iron ore again?”
“uh. The mineral content is too high. Somehow, they said it was strange from the moment they obediently gave permission to work.”
The Arca Mountains have historically been a difficult area to mine.
“I’ll check.”
Closer, who majored in earth magic, approached Hickory 19’s drill.
The heat was to the point of burning.
“Pooh! I’m completely blocked. It will take 2 days to pierce this. How about attacking the first excavation point again?”
Canis, who joined the excavation team as an archeology major, brought Arin with her.
“That’s not allowed. If you continue to drill with such ignorant equipment, the dwarf ruins will be destroyed.”
Dorothy raised her ax eye.
“hey! I thought you said it was an ignorant device! I can even play air games with this if I want to!”
“Anyway, no. If the ruins or artifacts are damaged, you’re going through a lot of trouble anyway.”
Closer used his major to inspect the cave’s terrain.
“I think it will be easy to go down once this point is cleared? Judging by the flow, it was not buried very deep.”
“Then let’s smoke a cigarette and try again.”
Dorothy lit a cigarette and jumped from a height of 10 meters.
The war broke out and they dropped out, but there was no fear that they would get hurt as wizards.
“Whoa, nothing is easy. I even gave up on school and risked my life.”
Dorothy threw her hard hat on the floor and let out a long puff of cigarette smoke.
Because she was not wearing a bra, the chest area of the black running shirt was protruding.
Closer said holding up a bucket of water.
“But we are better off. Did you hear about the springs? I heard you became a magic kindergarten teacher after graduating from school.”
Sabina frowned.
Frings, who majored in freezing magic, was remembered as a pervert with severe voyeurism in addition to his outstanding skills.
Dorothy burst into laughter.
“ha ha ha! kindergarten teacher? Well, considering his personality, it might be a perfect fit.”
Wouldn’t they be asking the children they teach about what they ate this morning with their nostrils wide open?
“We have changed a lot too. Come to think of it, school was really fun.”
Dorothy recalled her senior year.
Person-to-person battles, scramble royale fights, intense graduation exams, and… … .
With a light smile on her face, she recalled someone.
“ruler! Let’s start again! Let’s do it our way this time!”
“Good!”
As everyone went back to their respective seats, Arin looked back and said.
“Canis, look over there.”
A huge house-coach with an armed escort was speeding down the hill.
“what? Is it a kingdom?”
“No, the mark is different?”
When the entire excavation team cast air magic to compress the air, the wagon’s seal was clearly visible.
“sanctuary?”
It is also the seal of the combat unit Valkyrie.
was
While waiting with an unusual expression, the carriage pulled the dust to a halt.
The door opened and Aromi stepped out.
While watching the excavation team with a neat appearance, she raised her glasses and walked like a cat.
“hello. My name is Aromi, the executive secretary of the Strategic Command of the Valkyrie Unit under the Temple.”
Closer said bluntly.
“It’s a long name. What show?”
Aromi sighed and handed out an official document.
“This is a letter of approval from the Kingdom of Tormia delegating the excavation authority for the Arca Mountains to Valkyrie from this time on. Please check and sign.”
“what… …
Canis shouted before Dorothy could spit it out.
“What is it?”
He roughly took the documents and quickly checked the 10-page contract transfer.
“Stop talking nonsense!”
Then he threw the folder on the floor and looked straight at Aromi.
“Until I did my research, I couldn’t find any evidence of the dwarf ruins. Are you guys taking away the project we planned and started? I absolutely cannot tolerate it!”
Aromi was calm.
“It has nothing to do with the dwarf ruins. This is a major global event that transcends national boundaries. I will compensate you.”
“Who are you to rate the value of ruins with money? The Dwarves’ Artifact says “Wait a minute.”
Dorothy, the team leader, stepped in.
“You said it had nothing to do with the ruins, right? So what is Valkyrie doing here? Is he going to set up a military base as well?”
“It is confidential.”
“I guess so. But shouldn’t we at least come up with an argument that we can understand?”
“Why?”
Aromi didn’t give me an excuse to bite.
“The temple requested it and the kingdom granted it. It is not a matter for a private excavation team to step out. Please stop.”
This time even Dorothy couldn’t stand it.
“Who are you? I need to meet the chief executive. Wouldn’t the chief of staff be the decision maker?”
“I will say it again… …
“it’s me.”
Before Dorothy could finish her words, Iruki got out of the carriage and approached them.
“Hey, Iruki?”
I heard that he left Tormia through the wizard community, but I didn’t expect to see him in a place like this.
“A long time.”
After Iruki, 40 knights lined up on the left and right to escort him.
As magicians, they knew better that masters were hard to find in society.
Sabina asked.
“Iruki, what happened?”
Aromi stood aside and said.
“If you are also citizens of Tormia, be polite. He is the general commander of the Valkyrie unit under the Temple.”
“A general?”
Closer blinked.
“Then you are the captain?”
Iruki said indifferently.
“okay. I’m sorry. I don’t mean to interrupt what you’re doing, but we need to write some here.”
Like a magician, he grasped the situation in an instant, and Sabina asked thoughtfully.
“So you’re saying you know everything? Then you know our personality well, right? No matter how much it is in the temple, stealing someone else’s bowl is too much.”
Dorothy felt betrayed as well.
However, since it was Iruki and no one else, I suppressed my emotions and tried to have a conversation.
“What are you trying to do here?” Dorothy’s eyes tightened.
“Yeah, I get it. He’s in a high position, so he can’t even see us… …
“I will make a very dangerous weapon.”
“Sir General.”
Iruki ignored Aromi’s signal.
“To do that, you need a special mineral. Investigations have shown that they are buried in large quantities in this mountain range.”
It was obviously a secret that should not be entered into enemy camps, and Dorothy’s mind was complicated.
‘Iruki.’
School days, the protagonist of the most precious memories.

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-869.txt
=============YYYYY=============
Groggy (5)
“I will tell you.”
Canis walked beside Dorothy.
“If what a temple needs is simply minerals, doesn’t it matter if it’s not this place?”
Iruki answered meekly.
“yes.”
“Then why are you kicking us out? This is a historically important site. Besides, our team is working on this project at their own expense.”
“You know that compensation goes in, but’?”
“It’s not that kind of problem.”
It was not a matter of stalling, but a matter of emotion.
“Don’t you at least have to convince me? Why play so hard when you can use the entire mountain range?”
“The temple is busy. I won’t set a limit on the amount of mining, and I can’t afford to care about your circumstances.”
Canis saw through Iruki’s mind that he didn’t want to leave even a 0.1 percent variable.
“In a word, are we troublesome and cumbersome beings?”
“I can see that.”
A light of anger burned in Canis’ eyes.
“Oh, yes. You grew up a lot, Iruki.”
As the escort knights in the back drew their swords at the same time, a terrifying killing spree spread.
“this??????!”
Closer and Sabina entered the Spirit Zone, but they already realized it in their heads.
‘Really strong.’
The prestige of the collective life alone was breathtaking.
“Canis, it’s no use.” Arin said.
“I won’t change the way I think.”
The figure of Iruki seen through menarche was a gigantic flame burning with life as fuel.
‘It’s different from risking your life.’
It felt like the will to do it without fail transcended life.
“Sheesh! I know you’re lucky.”
After Canis died, Closer and Sabina also released the Spirit Zone.
It was a very miserable atmosphere.
“Do I really have to say it that way?” Dorothy asked.
“You can explain it better. You can ask for help, ask for forgiveness. It’s not even someone we don’t know… … Iruki put her in her eyes.
The 4D girl who liked daydreaming was now leading the team as an adult.
“You’ve changed a lot.”
The clothes that boldly exposed her bare chest and the straightforward way she spoke were different from before.
“No, you are wrong.”
Of course, many things change as we get older.
However, because we shared the same time, there were certain things that could never change.
“It’s a tough place outside of school. I’m not as stubborn as I used to be. But I’m still moving towards my dream. Canis, Arin, Closer, and Sabina all have the same dreams they had in their school days.”
“Then let’s pretend I’ve changed.”
“You did that to me!” cried Dorothy.
“There are no adults in the world. There are only children and children who imitate adults.” “The truth is, it’s still in your mind. But why are you talking that way? Just like a real adult.”
It’s sad.
Although calculating, the Iruki that Dorothy remembered was a child who really knew what was important.
“… … I’m sorry, but I don’t have time for this.”
The only person who knew the true meaning behind the phrase “there is no time” was Arin.
‘Iruki is right, Dorothy.’
I don’t know what kind of problem I had with my body, but it was menarche, when I had already abandoned my lingering attachments to life.
‘However, it is not revealed… … Because I want to be confident in front of my friends.
‘Because I would have done the same.’
That’s why she had no choice but to remain silent even in a situation where her alumni were antagonistic.
“okay? I do not have time?”
Dorothy sprawled and walked to Hickory Nineteen and sprawled.
“Pearl! We can never get out of the way! Step on it or kill it, whatever you want!”
Dorothy’s face looked sad as her eyes were tightly closed.
‘Bad child.’
Other people might not know, but Iruki shouldn’t do this to himself.
‘This is the meeting Dorothy has been looking forward to… …
Sabina, who understood his feelings, stretched out next to Dorothy and shouted.
“okay! kill, kill! Kill us!”
Aromi raised her glasses and said.
“I will take you.”
As the knights stride forward, Iruki turned around and said.
“That’s Okay. I’m leaving today.”
“but… …
“This is a team that has investigated the Arca Mountains for a long time. It will help you because your skills are not going down. It is not good to start a conflict already.”
It went against Aromi’s work philosophy, but respect for Iruki came first.
she said to Canis.
“According to the Commander-in-Chief’s instructions, I will give you one day’s time. I hope you make a good decision.”
As the temple pulled the wagon away, Ar-Rin approached the two and said,
“I left. stop getting up.”
Dorothy sat down with a grim expression on her face.
“I can’t work today. Let’s go back and make a countermeasure. I will also review Iruki’s proposal.”
No matter how angry he was, he was a wizard who did what he had to do.
“I’m sorry for the poor place you are staying. Because I didn’t expect to be staying… …
The place where Iruki stayed was a temporary barracks 300 meters away from the mining site.
“are you okay. How about the excavation team?” Aromi pretended to look outside.
all.
“I was stuck in a temporary building and I can’t even see my nose. It looks like they’re reviewing the papers we handed over.”
Iruki stood up from his chair.
“Perhaps they will accept it. They’re angry because of me, they’re sensible and smart kids. Do not worry.”
Aromi laughed hard.
“I am not concerned. I’m worried about the general’s health. Since it happened like this, take a day off.”
Though he wanted to rest, the thought of the army in Hell lingered in his mind.
The time when everyone is asleep except for the night shift.
This rookie, who was sitting on a chair and closing his eyes, heard footsteps and lifted his eyelids.
“Let go. Let go of this.” At the entrance to the barracks, Dorothy stood with her arm held by the knights.
When she took off her work clothes, her youthful appearance from before was revealed, but her outfit still didn’t suit her.
“Sir General. This woman squeezes and squeezes… …
“are you okay.”
As the knights saluted and left, Dorothy approached, kneading the arm that had been held.
“Awesome. People like that die at your words.”
“what’s the matter?”
Dorothy didn’t answer.
“When it comes to mining rights, my position does not change. From tomorrow, the military supply company we contracted with… …
“That’s all right.”
Dorothy cut off.
“Apart from work, don’t we have homework to solve on our own?”
Dorothy came faster than usual.
“Have you been drinking?”
“That is not important. What I want to hear is… … Why are you like that’?”
” what?”
Dorothy never forgot.
“We kissed.”
“You did it.”
“anyway! And you dated.”
Although we broke up after 13 minutes.
“Why did you do that? Did you have any feelings for me? Or just curious? Which of the two is it?”
“What does that matter?”
“It’s important to me.”
First man, first kiss.
I could have just left it as a good memory, but when I saw her face, I couldn’t help but ask.
” I am??????
Recalling his school days, Iruki sighed and then stopped talking and turned around.
“Let’s stop. It’s pointless.”
“No meaning? why? Now that you’re in a high position, is it childish? Or maybe I’ll catch you by the ankle… …
“I will die soon.”
Dorothy’s words cut off.
“??????what?”
“My brain is pretty good. to the point of sacrificing life. But recently, the function has improved even more.”
If it was a joke, it was bad.
“Uh, what does that mean? Where in the world can you die just because you used your hair?”
“It’s not dangerous. Maybe I can hold out quite a bit. But I’m the brains behind the crusade, and I’m not going to stop. If the overdrive continues like this, maybe… …
Iruki made a popping sound and pretended to explode.
“no.”
Dorothy shook her head.
“It can’t be.”
He was angry to hide his precious feelings, but in fact he was a friend whom he missed so much.
“haha! Don’t be scared. Are you still able to hold out?”
It still is.
“To be honest, it’s comfortable. I can’t be weak Because I am responsible for so many lives. Ah, the Hickory No. 19 you made was cool. Did you improve it a lot?”
Dorothy wept.
“Why are you so stupid? Nothing has changed between then and now!”
Iruki smiled bitterly.
“Anyway, help me. Since you are the team leader, you have to convince the team members… …
Before she could finish her words, Dorothy grabbed Iruki by the collar and threw him onto the bed.
“I told you I wasn’t here to talk about work. I must listen to the answer unconditionally.”
Dorothy took off her shoes, climbed onto the bed, and knelt with Iruki’s face between her legs.
It was a pair of short jeans that exposed the entire thigh.
“… … What are you doing?”
“If you don’t know that, you’re not a man.” Of course I know.
“You’re crazy.”
“Why are you suddenly like this? I am Dorothy.”
Of course you know that too.
“I told you. I have no intention of stopping Maybe my life is too short to do anything with you.”
Dorothy raised an eyebrow.
“Aren’t you going to eat if you die tomorrow?” Iruki, who was lost in thought for a moment, slowly turned his head left and right.
‘Left thigh. Ooh thighs.’
Because there was nowhere to run.
‘Oh, go straight.’
Iruki jumped up and stood up.
the next morning.
Dorothy, who came out of the barracks like a stray cat, went into the water as if nothing had happened.
Team members gathered in the living room, reviewing court papers over the temple.
Sabina raised her head.
“Where are you going? You weren’t in your room this morning?”
“uh? Oh, I was just checking the mine for a second.”
When I let go of the pretension and went into the living room, Kanis grumbled with a dissatisfied expression.
“Sheesh, it doesn’t make sense to be kicked out like this anyway.”
Again, that was the case.
“Here, there you are.”
Dorothy spoke cautiously.
“Why don’t we just take a step back? To be honest, even Iruki would be distracted by the war. Ruins are also important, but shouldn’t mankind survive first?”
As the team members blinked at the attitude that had changed overnight, Arin said.
“Actually, we were holding the strand that way too. After all, a court battle against the holy war is not a win.”
Clutching her chin, Sabina rummaged through the files.
“Once I reviewed it, it’s definitely not a bad condition. We can preoccupy the right to excavate the next site, and the penalty paid as a condition of giving up is sufficient.”
Dorothy’s face widened.
“Then, shall I meet the chief? Maybe we can get better terms.”
The file folder slammed closed.
“There is no disagreement about that. But before that, there is something I must point out.”
“huh? What are you pointing out?”
Sabina pointed at Dorothy with sullen eyes.
“Did you sleep with him?”
“Hoo?”
Dorothy rolled her eyes as Closer looked back with interest.
“Well, as for how that happened… … Even with 10 mouths, there was nothing to say.

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-87.txt
=============YYYYY=============
[87] Group (3)
Arin has been starving for the third day. Also, because she starved for 3 days, Canis hadn’t eaten anything for 20 days.
Please enable JavaScript
‘omg! omg! I did it! I got it! I got bread!’
Kanis frantically ran down the alley. After he had eluded his pursuer, he leaned against the wall and exhaled.
My consciousness was clouded and all I could feel was an empty stomach. I can’t even remember how hungry I was.
A piece of bread caught my eye at that moment.
Canis gulped down her saliva with eyes stained with madness.
I want to eat. I want to put this in my mouth.
‘Yes, I have to work hard for Arin to live. You can eat this much. Arin will be able to hold out for a few more days.’
When I thought about it, it seemed like a really great idea.
Could it be more reasonable than this? Once they eat this, they use their surplus energy to seek food again. Then it will be.
Kanis opened her chin and brought the bread to her mouth. Dried saliva leaked out like a flood, and his hands trembled.
“Keugh!”
Canis closed her eyes and put the bread into her arms. It was all lies. What kind of stamina can you get with just this bread?
‘You have to hold on. It doesn’t matter if your body is broken. But if the mind collapses, it’s over.’
Canis looked around like a crazy person. He was thinking of stuffing his stomach with a stone.
He crawled towards the feces someone had thrown at the entrance of the alley. And before he could think of anything, he reached out and stuffed his hand into his mouth.
“Wow! Whoa!”
In the tongue, in the mouth, in the stomach, the whole body was rejecting it. But Canis swallowed it.
better than stone
Poop was better than stone.
After wrestling with her stomach for a long time, Kanis returned to her hiding place with a weak gait. She was still upset, but as soon as she saw Arin, she held out the bread with a bright expression.
“Arin, voila! I got this.”
“Oh, is it real? Wow, that’s great.”
“Haha, I know the trick. More will be available in the future. Eat quickly.”
Arin looked at the bread with sad eyes. She wanted to go out to find food together, but she was suicidal to go outside as a woman in Radum.
I had never talked to anyone but Canis. Thanks to this, I developed an antisocial disorder, but would that be a big deal? At least she didn’t become someone’s food and go into the stomach.
“Let’s eat canis too.”
“I’m done. I walked around and ate this and that. There was a big centipede earlier, so I took some nutrition. You can’t eat that, so you should eat this.”
“Because I can eat too. How long will you treat me like a child?”
Canis grabbed Arin’s shoulder with a friendly look.
“Arin, I know. Because you are a courageous child But it shouldn’t be like that. Do you know what I mean? The reason I can survive in this hellish Radum is because I can feed you like a human. If you become like me, you might go crazy. So go ahead and eat.”
It’s something I’ve heard dozens of times. And whenever she said this, it was Arin who always bit the bread pretending not to win.
But this time it was different.
Arin looked at Canis’ mouth with trembling eyes. Something was on it, and it smelled.
“Kanis, you… … what did you eat?”
Kanis was embarrassed like never before.
“uh? Ahaha! this is a cake The cream fell off and I licked it, but it must have been spilled. Sorry for not talking. I’m so hungry… … !”
match!
Canis’ face turned fierce. She was beaten countless times by things in her back alley, but it was the first time in my life that I had been slapped so painfully.
“Ah, Arin… … .”
Arin was making a scary expression that Kanis had never seen before.
“Bad baby… … . How could you do this to me! am i cattle? are you breeding me? You want me to eat this? What the hell am I to you!”
“Arin, it’s not like that! This is my punishment! It has nothing to do with you!”
“I don’t need anything! I don’t need anything like this!”
Arin picked up the bread and threw it away. Looking at the bread rolling in the dust, Kanis turned her head away with an angry expression.
“scale! What are you doing! how did i get this… … !”
Arin pulled Kanis’ face and kissed him. Tears streamed from her eyes as she licked what was on her lips.
It’s not a sweet kiss. It wasn’t even a beautiful exchange of emotions between humans. Just being born was an act of sympathy between two creatures, sinful in themselves.
Canis only then realized what she had eaten. Tears flowed for the first time since he was born. The sadness he had endured all his life burst out at once.
“Huh! Whoa!”
“Don’t do that again. Just one more time and I can’t be with you anymore.”
“I’m sorry, Arin. Do not leave. you are my only family It’s all the reason I live.”
“okay. Let’s live, Canis. We must live.”
Canis, filled with sadness, could not even answer and nodded in succession. But Arin did not forgive him. That day, until Canis ate an entire piece of bread that fell on the floor.
Canis calmly talked about her past as if she were reciting someone else’s life.
“We lived in hell. But Master saved us there. He gave me something to eat, gave me the strength to protect Arin, and even gave me Harvest, the essence of dark magic.”
People’s eyes turned to Harvest. Normally, it was a talkative magical creature, but this time, it kept its silence.
“okay.”
Sirone said.
“What kind of life have you lived? But that doesn’t justify killing people. Just because you lived harder than others doesn’t mean that bad things become right things.”
“Don’t get me wrong. I’m not defending you, I’m trying to teach you. How thin the justice you believe in, how pretentious the world you live in. What saved Arin and me wasn’t the proud justice you said. I am just doing what I believe in.”
“There is nothing to be gained by hurting people. Your past will never be comforted unless you first try to understand the other person.”
“Kick! consolation? You’re just talking nonsense to the end. Can you tell me the current situation? Master is going to destroy this whole school. It includes your friends.”
“no. you can’t hurt anyone other than yourself.”
As Sirone floated the photon on her hand, Harvest spread her wide palm to cover Canis’ front. But as if that wasn’t enough, she reached out to his arm on the other side and wrapped it around Kanis.
“What are you doing, Harvey? There is no need to be so frightened.”
“Dangerous. The temperament is strange.”
Canis snorted. The fight in the forest already confirmed Sirone’s skills. It was a good wood for a magic school student, but even so, it was just a flower in the greenhouse.
“joy. Anyway for me… … .”
Canis’ expression went blank. The photon cannon floating on the palm was vibrating at a terrifying speed. More powerful than the Photon Cannon cast in the forest. However, the degree of his injury was serious to see that he hid his skills.
‘What happened? With this ability… … .’
Canis and Harvest’s analysis is largely correct. However, there was a fact that even they overlooked, and that was that Sirone was an Unlocker who opened the infinite realm.
“This is your last chance. Release the mind control.”
Kanis frowned. The fact that he could no longer look down on Sirone hurt his pride.
“Sounds funny. Even if I die, I will follow Master’s will. You cannot break my convictions.”
Sirone’s eyes turned cold. The power of the Photon Cannon, reinforced by the power of the Immortal Function, was on a different level than before.
I don’t want to kill people But if Kanis was going to harm the students, he had no choice either.
“Return everyone’s memories. Otherwise… … .”
The photon cannon emitted light as if it were exploding, and then turned into a sphere of cold white light.
“I can’t help but hurt you.”
* * *
The forehead of Sade, who was casting the photonization magic on Alpheas’s head, was already wet with cold sweat. Viltor Arcane. Although he is an annoying person, the power of the magic he cast was beyond imagination.
‘Whoa. What a powerful mind control. This would work in this day and age, right?’
At first I thought it was easy. No matter how much he was given the title of Archmage, 40 years had passed. Magic evolved several generations and dark magic was weeded out.
However, Abyss Nova was so complex that even THAAD, the beneficiary of advanced magic, could not analyze it.
After 20 minutes, I finally felt the energy of light penetrating into the core of darkness. From then on, Sade pushed the light with the best mental strength. The curtain of darkness lifted, and Alpheas’ memories began to unfold brilliantly along the flow of light.
* * *
40 years ago. capital Baska.
An unprecedented magic frenzy blew in Tormia Kingdom. The 12th King, Adolf XII, was full of intelligence and a benevolent personality, unlike his predecessors who worshiped military force.
After ascending the throne, he made the magic department, which had been limited to military affairs, independent and attracted numerous talents.
Local as well as talented people from other countries came to Baska to study, and thanks to this, the streets of the capital were overflowing with voices of intelligence every day.
It was a common sight for green wizards who had graduated from magic school to gather in a bar in broad daylight and discuss.
Gypsy-style outfits with primary colors emphasized were in vogue.
For women, hair short enough to reveal the neckline was a symbol of intelligence. The men’s hair, on the other hand, was long to the waist.
At the tavern, a faction was formed due to academic clashes, and it was not uncommon for them to be dragged away by the guards after engaging in a fist fight.
The most famous tavern in Baska was the ‘Home of the Old Gods’, a local tavern.
Over 200 tables in a huge hall. People often went up to the central podium and preached magical views.
All sorts of voices came together and the topics discussed were diverse.
It was the hometown of the ancient gods, where magic disputes were the main focus, but gossip among the nobility was also created in real time.
It was a time of romance.
Alpheas remembered the golden days of his youth like that.
“Oh my, boys! come, come! Alpheas is coming!”
A woman made a fuss at the entrance of the bar, and the women at the table turned to the door with gurgling noises.
“Hello, ladies! It’s noisy here today too!”
Alpheas, a pretty young man with blonde hair up to his waist, has entered the hometown of the ancient gods. A young man with half-shaved hair, which was out of fashion, accompanied him next to him. It was Rihanna’s grandfather, Ogent Klumph.
The swordsman Clump couldn’t have cast invisibility magic, but the women treated him as invisible and clung to Alfeas.
“I waited, Alfeas-nim! What magic are you going to teach me today?”
“You have to moisten it from the neck first. My tongue hardens quickly if it is not wet.”
“Knock-knock! kid is funny Alpheas is really fun.”
Today’s students would jeer at him, but at the time, Alpheas was a popular person who could say anything.
He was a son of a first-class family, a brilliant graduate who graduated from a magic school, and he had a handsome appearance and sophistication, so wouldn’t there be a woman in the world who would hate him?
On the other hand, the men looked at Alpheas with disapproval. Even people who weren’t narrow-minded enough to be jealous of others didn’t look nice when they evaluated Alpheas, so I could see how much resentment he was getting from men.
The light of the Mirhi family.
At the time, it was an official title for Alpheas, but his nickname was different among those who knew him.
Arrogant Alpheas.
—————————————

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-870.txt
=============YYYYY=============
All those fights (1)
In a situation where the eyes of the entire excavation team exerted unspoken pressure, Dorothy spoke frankly.
“Yeah, that’s it.”
When reminiscing about her school days at a drinking party, Dorothy would always mention Iruki.
I didn’t criticize anyone because I knew her heart, but I had to distinguish between public and private.
“I know I have no choice but to accept it anyway.”
said Canis.
“But if things were turned upside down due to personal feelings, I should at least apologize to Iruki.”
Sabina twisted her lips.
“Do I need to be so persistent? Good is good, let’s solve it first.”
“The reason I joined the team is not because of the money, but because of the legacy. There is no compensation in this way.”
Each person’s values are different, so even Sabina couldn’t stop them.
“Kanis, let’s just step back.” Arin said.
“Anyway, they are classmates from the same school. Irruki will have a lot to think about.”
Kanis was more surprised than sad.
“Why suddenly? Aside from emotions, it’s the right thing when it comes to the order of things.”
Arin turned to Dorothy.
“You know? What happened to Iruki?”
All eyes were on Dorothy, her lips lowered.
“Iruki… … They say you might die.” Closer wrinkled his brow.
“What are you talking about?”
“I don’t know the details either. However, if the brain continues to be overloaded as it is, it could lead to brain death… …
said Canis.
“Overdrive.”
The blue electricity that flashed in Iruki’s eyes during his magic school days remained in his memory.
Arin sighed.
“Iruki is unique among Servants. I thought it wouldn’t last long. If it’s true, you shouldn’t be on the battlefield anymore. I need a break.”
Closer snorted.
“Is that guy like that? Besides, he’s the total military commanding the holy war. Over-incubation will inevitably take place.”
Sabina smiled bitterly.
“By the way, you are really great too. You know that, but you still want to meet him?”
Dorothy bowed her head.
“It’s not something I’m going to say as a team leader, but can I help this rookie? I’ll beg you.”
“Canis.”
When Arin turned around, Canis was showing her displeasure.
“… … An idiot.” How could the world fight for humanity even while destroying its own brain?
“okay.”
Kanis raised her hands to show her willingness to surrender.
“Let’s do whatever he asks. Can we just leave here?”
A voice was heard outside the temporary building.
“no. It will be difficult if you guys leave.” When Iruki opened the door and came in, everyone looked surprised.
“Iruki… …
Iruki, who had been quietly accepting the sympathy eyes they sent, smiled.
“I knew it would be like this.”
It was already customary to treat a corpse.
“Don’t look at me with those eyes. Because my brain is still intact. It’s not like I’m crazy about wanting to die.”
Canis shot.
“Who cares? By the way, if you leave, you will be in trouble. What do you mean by that?”
“It is literally. You guys should stay here and help me with my work.”
That was the reason for revealing the secret.
“There’s a level to this that makes people laugh.”
“I’m sorry for interrupting your dream.” Kanis, who was about to get up,
stopped abruptly
“Honestly, just fighting the demons is daunting. I desperately need someone to help me. There is nothing like Dong Chang. I think I can trust you guys.”
Iruki’s brain would be much more comfortable if he took over any part of it instead.
“Tsk, it will be like that from the beginning.”
When Canis sat back down on the chair and made a sullen expression, Arin smiled brightly.
Sabina asked.
“Okay, now that it’s like this, I’ll do my best to help. What are we going to mine?”
“It’s the radioactive material that goes into the atomic bomb. Partners will arrive. Of course you guys lead. As long as you can fill the target amount, you can protect the dwarf ruins.”
Canis joined the conversation.
“How urgent is the matter?”
“Nade is already designing the production line through the company. I will receive the cooperation of Ainka Pension.”
“Ainka, Richard’s father?” Alchemy’s Richard, who was a member of the Ring of Gold, graduated in the same rank as Sirone.
“no. Richard is now the owner. My father, Mr. Marto, is in charge of the superhuman project at the Valkyrie Weapons Development Department.”
“It’s almost like a class reunion.”
It also meant that Iruki was cornered.
“I will return to the temple. I will focus all my energy on stopping the army of hell. I can’t afford to think of anything else. I will leave this place to you.”
Dorothy asked.
“How do I report progress?”
“Once the production line is stable, Nade will come down as soon as possible. Discuss the details with him.” Sabina supported her chin with both of her hands.
“Everyone is working hard.”
Their efforts would be a medicine that prolongs life for Iruki.
Closer shouted.
“Okay, let’s do it! Let’s overturn the mountain range!”
A hot flame was burning in each person’s heart as they recalled the competition in their school days.
Havitz’s army was vertically terminating the Ferris Kingdom, which could be called the center of the Central Continent.
“good! Time is power!”
Before gathering the demons scattered all over the world, he intended to push Balkan as far as possible.
While the soldiers of the temple were being trampled on by the demons, the one who stood out the most was Havitz.
“Hoo-wook! Whoop!”
Sitting on a horse and taking a deep breath, a large army of 10,000 was put in front of his eyes.
But no one knew that Havitz was approaching.
Even until they reached the commander, the knights of the Royal Guard did not move.
“Listen to the proud Valkyrie army!”
As the commander shouted, Havitz’s sword cut his throat.
“we… … Kuck. we are… …
Why are the words not coming out?
The knights of the Royal Guard looked back with puzzled expressions, and then shouted with shocked eyes.
“Commander!”
His neck had already fallen and he was rolling on the floor, but the commander’s expression didn’t seem to even notice it.
“Jin, advance… …
I was out of breath.
“What happened? Who the hell!”
In the field of view of the guardsman who raised his head, he saw a red light rising like a flame.
As the light faded, what appeared was Havitz riding a horse.
“It’s the emperor! Kill!”
All the knights of the Royal Guard rushed at the appearance of a factor that made them forget even the commander’s death.
At the same time, a red haze rose from Habitz’s body, revealing the incarnation of Satan.
Incarnation art? Vanishing (non-existent incident).
“what?”
The knights who had lost sight of Harbitz stopped charging and looked around, but in an instant, the heads of seven fell.
“uh? uh’?”
What was surprising to the point of losing consciousness was the fact that none of the dead were aware of what had happened to them.
“what’s this! What the hell!”
“Sat, Tommy… …
The shouter’s colleague said with a terrified expression.
“You, your face… …
“huh?”
As if cut by Havitz’s sword, the top of his head to his left cheekbone had fallen off.
“What am I?”
Half of my field of vision must have disappeared, but it was so scary that I didn’t realize it.
“You, you die… …
Before he could finish his words, the guardsman’s face fell off and his eyes were peeled off and he died.
“Uh, uh… … Aaaaaa!”
The lifeguard knight, mad with shock and fear, screamed, but he did not realize it.
The fact that his lower body was already separated.
Vulcan heard the sound of the temple’s army causing a commotion in the distance and raised the corner of his mouth.
“Havitz has awakened.”
It wasn’t that he turned transparent or that he was using magic.
‘The incident itself does not exist.’
Because it moves outside the law, those inside the law cannot even perceive it.
Even if they break a finger, they won’t be surprised that their finger is broken.
“That is Satan.”
Crystal of Chaos.
Havitz swept through the armies of the Crusade, far from the armies of Hell.
‘It is connected.’
link.
The truth he realized while swallowing a woman’s breast milk was a fragment of the world’s core secret.
‘If you put your mind to it, you can do anything… … what can be connected.
“Aaaaaa! Gee, it’s hell! This is Hell!”
Habitz jumped off the galloping horse and started slashing at the soldiers.
“you! oh my head… … !”
Havitz, who had been cutting off the soldier’s head until he was exhausted, suddenly knelt down and closed his eyes.
“Sleepy.”
infinitely free
Waking up, he lifted his eyelids and slowly stood up, and all the soldiers turned around.
“There!”
Havitz, who penetrated into their cognition, was indifferent even when he saw the large army stabbing through the window.
“If we are connected, even death… …
With a loud noise, a spear pierced Havits and bounced out of his back.
“It is just a form of life.”
The soldier shouted in disbelief.
“Got it! My, I killed it!”
A large army of hell rushed in from the rear, shouting “Kuaaaa! Punish the humans!” In an instant, the army of the temple was swept away, and Vulcan found Havitz lying on the floor.
He was bleeding as he was pierced by a spear.
“Zeta!”
Officially, Zetaro, the military surgeon, hurriedly turned his horse’s head to Vulcan.
“why! why! What happened… … I”
He too was shocked to see Harvits.
“Habits! shit! What is Si-ok doing!”
“Already come. I sent it.” Despite the amount of blood loss, there was no sign of fear on Havitz’s face.
“This is tricky. Natasha, pull out this spear.”
Natasha came over.
“what? Did it break through the window?”
Saying nothing, she grabbed the spear and pulled it out. Sparks flew from Havitz’s eyes.
“it’s okay. Let’s start with first aid.” Habitz, who watched as Zetaro took out the tool from his bag, said in a hoarse voice.
“Hey, doctor.”
“huh?”
“Is there any way to save me?” Zetaro, who slowly turned his head with shaking pupils, looked at Harbitz and swallowed.
‘I’m looking forward to it.’
Habitz’s eyes were shining brightly.
‘I am Yein. This must be funny.’
Zetaro put his hand in his bag and rummaged through something while clearing his voice.
“Hmm, so, first of all, how to do first aid… …
Zetaro’s eyes suddenly glowed with madness, and he frantically stabbed Havitz in the stomach with the scalpel in his hand.
“How do I know that!” As the blade slammed into place, Harvits burst into laughter as she grimaced in pain.
“Puhehehe! Puhehehehe!”
“Aww! Aaaaaa!”
Balkan grabbed Zetaro, who was doing his best, and threw it backwards.
“You madman! what are you doing!”
Blood dripped from Havitz’s mangled stomach.
“Habits! Wake!”
Balkan, who confirmed that he had lost consciousness, glared at Zetaro, baring his teeth.
“you… …
“Oh, no, Harvits likes it.” Vulcan sighed.
“Retreat at once. The priority is to treat Havitz.”
After Havitz awakened, even Vulcan couldn’t even guess the basis for the judgment.
‘Sheesh, I’m stuck here.’ For the first time, the army of hell stopped marching.

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-871.txt
=============YYYYY=============
All those fights (2)
Harvitz was conscious three days later. Death does not happen to him, but Balkan questioned whether that was the case.
‘What if I took my own life?’ or similar events.
“I’m bored to death. When are you going to fight’?”
Sumodo twisted his back as if he had a sore throat.
“I already missed the timing. The next advance will be after all the corps commanders have been summoned.”
“I’ll be thrilled. Anything fun?” Zetaro said.
“I can’t do anything right now. Find them in the barracks and play with them.”
“shit! Alright, Natasha. Follow me.” Natasha pointed to herself.
“Why me? I am tired now.”
“What is a good friend?”
Sumodo grabbed Natasha by the wrist and dragged her into the room.
“Hey.”
Natasha followed with a teary face, and Jetaro shrugged and went for a walk.
Only Vulcan remained in the seat and looked at the back of Habitz, who was squatting outside the tent.
‘I don’t know what you’re thinking.’ A woman’s voice was heard.
“Can I move already?”
The name of the woman who walks in while breastfeeding is Deris.
Unlike when we first met, she had lost weight.
“why? Are you worried?”
“Not at all.”
Deris asked while nursing her baby.
“Why are you guys fighting? It’s as if he’s just impatient with not being able to kill people.”
“Can I leave if you don’t like it?”
“Where am I going? Where else can you do something as good as this? I feel like a queen.”
“Then you are on our side too.”
Deris turned to Havitz.
“He doesn’t seem like a bad person.”
“Good and evil are just standards by which humans treat other humans. If only one person lives in the world, neither good nor evil can be done.”
Because others don’t exist.
“Of course killing people is bad. But from a cosmic perspective, there is no essential difference between killing a person and kicking a roadside stone.”
“Why do I need to see it from a cosmic perspective?”
“… … Because the answer is there.” Where did humans come from?
“There are people like me. I just thought it would be easier for one evil to remain than for everyone to do good.”
Vulcan pointed to Havitz.
“Didn’t I say he didn’t look like a bad guy? That’s because Havitz possesses an evil that transcends humanity. He killed 100 million people, raped her women, those are evils that presuppose other people.”
“Is that person different?”
“Havitz’s thinking assumes a state in which all humans have disappeared. It’s such a huge desire that it doesn’t seem like you want anything. Of course, when humanity dies, the standard of good and evil to define it will completely disappear… …
While Deris, who did not understand, remained silent, Balkan was lost in thought.
‘They said they were connected.’
link.
If human beings achieved an integrated mental system, the standard of good and evil would also disappear.
‘Hasn’t it already been accomplished?’ Gaia has reached the end.
‘It was originally there, but it was lost. A specific incident that evaporated between Gaia and humans.’
Missing Link.
‘What happened?’
Why do human beings fight over the standard of good and evil, being divided into numerous personalities?
The first humans should have known.
Maya, who made a name for herself in world beauty contests, was booked for invitations to numerous events in other countries.
Of course, most of the countries are now gone.
“shit! Is there such a thing as unlucky!”
At the gathering of Maya’s team, Palmus, the head of the agency, burst into anger.
“It was absolutely amazing! Even if I didn’t lose to the demons, I could have made a lot of money!”
the coordinator said.
“How many victims are you talking about money? It is fortunate that Tormia is still alive and well.”
“I am the one who paid the memorial in the name of the agency. Anyway, the living don’t have to live. All events have been canceled, and the company will go bankrupt like this.”
said the manager.
“How about changing your thinking? Events have been canceled one after another, but the consolation performances are a success. If you put a kite in the temple and perform for the soldiers… …
“Hoo?”
Palmers’ eyes lit up.
“Is it a good way? No, it’s not good enough. If it is Maya, it will definitely be eaten.”
Not only are they good at singing, but they also have outstanding looks.
“The problem is that the competition is fierce. Proposals have to come from the temple, yes, but to excite the soldiers
It’s not just about singing well.”
It took just one thing and that was it.
“You have to expose it.” the coordinator said.
“I’ve seen consolation performances before. Exposure isn’t the problem. Watching how raunchy they danced made my face burn.”
“okay? What was the reaction?”
“It wasn’t a joke. The cheers were so loud that I thought I was going to go deaf.”
While Maya bit her lip and was lost in thought, the manager looked at her and said.
“At least that level should be adjusted. Valkyrie is an army. I will never recruit Maya unless I can bring out the morale of the soldiers.”
“Okay.”
Falmus had a secret crush on Maya, so he wasn’t in a good mood.
But he was a yin.
‘You can’t ignore the needs of the audience. We have to compromise up to a certain point.’
It was good for Maya too.
“Let’s think of clothes that go well with the song. Don’t be too sexy, but lively and healthy.” As a result of Maya’s team discussing head-to-head, a rough concept was caught.
“From the shoulder line, the collarbone and upper chest are exposed, and instead of wearing underpants, I will keep the length of the skirt as short as possible.”
The key was the chest.
“Maya, what do you think?”
As expected, there was no answer, so Falmus put his hands together and made a sad expression.
“I know you want to compete with a song. I promised you so too. But now you have to seize the opportunity when there is recognition. Only the top half of the chest, huh? Let’s just get there.”
“That doesn’t work.”
Palmers sighed.
“ha. Yeah, honestly me too… …
“Listen to the end. I mean, it’s too halfway in this way. You have no discernment.”
Maya also thought that from the standpoint of risking her life to sing, she had to try her best.
“Yeah, but if you lower the line further… …
Popularity must have exploded, but the entertainment company’s diva couldn’t be consumed that way.
“How about something like this? Exposing the lower chest instead of covering the upper chest.” Maya’s arms moved left and right around her chest.
“huh? down?”
I didn’t understand at first.
However, as the image gradually formed in my head, I felt a thrill as if I had been struck by lightning.
“… … It’s very naughty.”
The coordinator and manager also nodded.
It’s just the difference between top and bottom, but no one has ever tried such a costume.
Palmus asked with a bewildered expression.
“Maya, are you really confident?”
“Honestly, it’s unfamiliar, but if you practice… …
“No, I mean the chest. So what should I say, a line? You have to have some elasticity.”
“Yes, what… …
never thought about it
“It’s just a woman’s breast.”
That level of pride was enough.
“Okay, it’s over! This is unconditionally eaten! The manager choreographs right away, and the coordinator starts making costumes! I will come to meet Valkyrie officials.”
Palmus ran out of the room excitedly.
Three days after that, a previously planned performance was held in Baska, the capital of Tormia.
In the aftermath of the war, Yein’s activity area was reduced, but Maya was still popular in Tormia.
“I am introducing! This is Maya, a new singer who has taken the world beauty pageant by storm!”
Voices flew from all directions along with cheers.
“sister! i love you!”
“Maya! Maya my love! Just wave your hand once!”
About 1,000 spectators were gathered, and in the corner was an officer of Valkyrie’s military band.
“Captain, are you all right? There are so many exiled artists that it is still saturated.”
There is no concept that it is sufficient for war, but too many tows will reduce the concentration of the soldiers.
“I can’t just wash my hands. I can only hope for a proper idol to come out.”
Meanwhile, Falmus, waiting for Maya’s performance backstage, was pale and tired.
“What do we do? What do we do? Can we do it well?”
The coordinator was extensive.
“Are you nervous that doesn’t suit you? We know Maya’s skills well.”
“Skills are like that. But not this time. Will it really work? Will it work?”
said the manager, wet his dry lips.
“I leave it to the sky. I did everything I could.”
As the prelude rolled and the spotlight shone, Maya appeared in a coat.
From the sky like a shower… <Light Rain>, which she wrote herself.
However, in order to utilize the costume concept, the first part was arranged in a ballad style.
At the sound of desperate and sorrowful emotions coming out of the voice, the audience even held their breath.
‘Sirone.’
Are they still fighting around the battlefield?
‘I’m going to see you.’
thud! thud! thud! thud!
Cheers erupted as the song regained its original tempo with a strong drum beat.
‘Now!’
Maya threw off her coat and choked her throat.
Raised.
Light down!
I wondered if the cheers stopped for a while at the stimulating costumes that I couldn’t see anywhere… … .
“Wow!”
As if a shower was pouring down, the voices of the thousand spectators exploded all at once.
The collar came up to the neck and was cut off at the point where it slightly exposed the lower part of the chest.
The waist line and navel were exposed, but in reality, the exposed area of the chest was not that severe.
Approximately 3 cm high.
The audience went crazy with that 3cm exposure.
“Maya! Maya!”
When everyone called her name, Maya let out a high-pitched voice almost in a trance.
“Maya! Maya J”
At this moment, neither the demons nor the war came to mind, and only surrendered to the rhythm.
The only expressionless people in the volume that hit the heart directly were the military band of Valkyrie.
“It’s quite good. The songs are also of a high quality.
How do you see the chief?” The director watched Maya sing passionately for a long time before opening her mouth.
“Contract. From tomorrow, put them on the front line immediately.”
“All right.”
The adjutant opened the file and wrote down Maya’s name.
Meanwhile, as excited as the audience was, a mess was going on behind the scenes as well.
“Aww! Wow! Amazing, Great! oh my god!” Manager and coordinator hold hands
He jumped and jumped.
Light down!
Palmers, who had been following Maya’s choreography without hesitation, got angry when he saw the two of them.
“hey! What are you guys doing? You don’t have to go quickly and buy a bag or a hook!”
“yes? Why is that all of a sudden?”
As the two blinked at each other, Falmus mercilessly rubbed the fingers of both hands together and shouted.
“You don’t have to spend money! Fuhahaha!”
Managers and coordinators also realized.
“Oh right! Gotta spend the money! Ho ho ho ho!”
Maya’s song reached its climax, but the audience’s voices were so loud that they could not be heard.
“Maya! i love you!”
Another wizard who graduated from Alpheas Magic School joined the crusade.

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-872.txt
=============YYYYY=============
All those fights (3)
By the time Havitz fully recovered, demons from all over the world gathered in the central continent.
Led by the six legionnaires, 220 million troops of Hell’s army gathered in the kingdom of Gallon.
220 million.
It was an unbelievable decrease compared to the original army.
“I looked down on Pagye too much.” The ability to disrupt the system was creating more than arithmetic figures.
Garold, who destroyed the South, and Sirone, who destroyed Gustaf.
“Even a guy named Lian is picky.” Natasha approached Vulcan, who was pensive with the world map open.
“Are you that strong?”
“strong? Not being able to approach it with such a concept would be if it belonged to strength, but… …
When simply converted into numbers, there would be no human who could surpass Natasha’s fighting ability.
“It’s like the joker in a card game. Rules different from the existing rules apply. This is tricky to deal with.”
Sumodo has arrived.
“Having the Joker doesn’t necessarily mean winning the game. Of course, it would be advantageous.”
“okay. And now we have the Joker.”
Habitz was sitting on the bed in the commander’s barracks, feeding Deris’ child with a bottle.
“peekaboo.”
Harvitz seemed curious about the child.
‘Existence connected to the law outside the law. Havitz’s vanishing is clearly a part of the apostasy.’
Sumodo asked.
“What are you going to do?”
Now that the Gustav Empire was destroyed, there was no place for them to return.
“Advance. The central continent is the Gobi. If you penetrate here, you can reach Zion via the southern continent.”
By that time, humans would have been roughly organized.
The 220 million troops of Hell’s army were newly reorganized into 6 corps and started a war.
The momentary lockdown of Harvits bought the temple time, but the situation was still tight.
“Sir General! The 13th Brigade is annihilated! Hell’s army is moving south beyond the Argant Mountains!”
“Destroy the 8th Division! The scale of damage reaches 30,000 people.”
In response to the news arriving one after another, the commanders reconstructed the strategic situation board in real time.
Iruki bit his lip.
‘no method.’
It is often said that humans have no limits.
However, Iruki realized how arrogant and trivial his words were.
‘doesn’t exist! There really isn’t!’
No matter where he looked, there was no place to sound the news of victory.
Even a fool could win any battle if he had 220 million demons.
‘Vulcan.’
And the enemy Iruki faced was the best gambler who had beaten all the ‘card players’.
“Cheuk, I can see it, I can see it.” He hadn’t met face to face yet, but Vulcan seemed to know about the person named Iruki.
Sumodo asked.
“Is this the limit for the military of the holy war?” “no. the guy is a genius He honestly, without the crowd flag he might have turned around.”
“It must be a joke. What is the difference between the troops… …
Of course, it’s a joke because it’s not real, but honestly, Balkan couldn’t guarantee the outcome.
“You have a weakness.”
The Balkans have moved their armies on the map.
“The efficiency of war is being calculated in terms of human values. so you can’t win 100,000 lives. I’m sure a lifetime would not be enough to recount their lives, but… …
Six corps formed a radial formation.
“In war, it’s just 100,000. It’s just 100,000 lives that can be said in one second.”
Just as chess is played and the pieces are put into the box, humans are only tools in war.
“Okay, I moved like this. Then the other side will not even be able to breathe and will be in agony.”
The III Corps advanced 100 kilometers.
Sumodo shook his head at Balkan’s bad taste.
“Quack. How are you, kid?”
Vulcan raised his head and aimed at Iruki.
“Is war fun?” Iruki hit the table with a bang.
“damn!”
In the meantime, reports of the temple army’s defeat were arriving one after another.
“The capital of Gallon has been captured. Casualties are estimated to exceed 300,000.”
“300,000.”
My mind was confused by the weight of life.
‘I’m going to kill you.’ Gray hair continued to grow, and now Iruki’s hair was almost gray.
“I, I… …
It was absolutely taboo for the general military to show frustration, but Iruki was already in a state of fascination.
“Soldier.”
The commander who assisted him by his side approached this rookie and handed him a strong drink.
“Please eat. Cool down a bit first.”
Iruki burst into laughter.
“You want a drink? Do you know that hundreds of thousands of lives and deaths come and go under my orders?”
Who would follow a drunk man’s strategy?
“So drink it.” The commander put a bottle of alcohol in.
“If a person holding hundreds of thousands of lives gets drunk just because he drank a little, then he probably doesn’t have military qualifications.”
Iruki looked back at the commander.
“Your strategy is great. No one in the temple can think like you. but… … This is war.”
The commander brought out the words contained in his heart.
“It doesn’t matter how many die. If blood doesn’t win anyway, everyone will die. The reason Valkyrie follows you is not to live, but to win.”
As Iruki slowly accepted the bottle, the commander bent down and begged.
“Please win.”
Iruki, who was staring at the commander, opened the lid of the bottle and drank it in.
“Whoa.”
have to be a devil
‘If it’s for victory… …
As the thought expanded, several previously invisible elements came together in my head.
I still couldn’t see a way to win, but at least I seemed to be able to get a chance to destroy them.
‘The problem is time. If you don’t make it ASAP… …
I had no choice but to trust Nade.
“It’s been a while, Nade.”
Richard, the chairman of the Ainka Foundation, greeted Nade from a luxurious carriage.
To the left and right of Nade, who was neatly dressed in a suit, the secretary of Nade’s county secretary assisted.
“okay. A lot has changed, Richard of Alchemy.”
Richard shrugged.
“Kuh-kuh, embarrassingly, your nickname during school days. let’s go anyway I heard you’re busy… …
It was a place Richard arranged to receive investment from wealthy people from all over the world.
Even though the funding required to develop an elemental bomb alone is astronomical, the current crusade has run out of time.
A situation where a project that would normally take three years or more to design must be completed in a few months.
The only way to save time was money.
“Everyone is waiting.”
Entering the VIP room of a high-class bar, the world’s richest people were sitting arrogantly waiting for the two of them.
“Sorry for being late. My name is Ainka Richards, Chairman of the Ainka Pension Foundation.”
Nade lowered his head.
“I am West Nade, the representative of the Nade military industry. i look forward to.”
After each self-introduction, Nade put various documents on the table.
“As mentioned above, the value of the elemental bomb is strong enough to change the future of mankind. If you invest in the temple, Ned stopped talking as he raised his head.
“Hehe! Stay still.”
“Oh, yes. Don’t push it too hard.”
The rich people with at least two top-notch call girls next to them didn’t even listen to Nade’s words.
“If you invest in the temple, we will guarantee you a return of at least 1,200 percent.”
Nade calmly finished his words.
Anyway, they must have reviewed all the risks that can be looked at through personal channels.
Although the investment value is appealing, the concept of an elemental bomb itself will not appeal to you very much.
‘Iruki’s element decay theory becomes an innovative technology that can change the future.’
A bomb with power that transcends magic.
When it was commercialized, the vested interests who controlled the world would have no choice but to undergo a tectonic shift.
said the bald man.
“Ah, are you done? The briefing was very impressive. So, you want to get investment from us?”
“yes. The world is under threat. Please lend your strength to the cause.”
Of course, it sounds like the seeds won’t be eaten.
“Yes, yes. I know what you mean
yes. By the way, are you from Alpheas Magic School?”
“Ah yes. It is.”
“Isn’t there a singer named Maya from there? You know why, it’s a hot topic among young kids these days.”
A long-haired man sitting across from me interrupted.
“uh? Do you know Maya too? I’ve seen it once before, and it really kills me.”
“ha ha ha! Aren’t they the current soldiers’ number one idol? Yes, do you know anyway?”
Nade said, blinking.
“Yes, I am a classmate from school. But why Maya?”
Todd pointed at Nade and winked.
“Can I bring one? It was said that it was dirty with the theme of a performance agency. It seems like you believe in the temple and play around, but then you should know that you will go to the goal.”
“Hey, Maya is… …
“Why is this? Aren’t good things good? Shouldn’t we help each other and live for the sake of mankind? If you bring Maya, I’ll be happy with her.”
At that moment, Nade heard the sound of his reason breaking.
“Oh, sir… … !” As the electricity surged through his body, Richard jumped up and walked over to Todd.
Before he had time to speak, he grabbed the wine bottle from the table and hit Todd on the head.
“Aaaagh!”
The heavy liquor bottle shattered and Todd fell under the chair clutching his head.
As Nade watched blankly, Richard said, shaking his bloody palms.
“Does Alpheas Magic School look funny? How dare you touch my classmate?”
Todd pointed.
“You, you son of a bitch! do you know who i am Ainka Foundation! Do you think it will be all right?”
“You’d better make sure you understand the situation. Do you look funny because you are a singer? Do you know where the Maya mates are doing now?”
The riders that Sirone graduated from are also called the golden generation at Alpheas Magic School.
“you… … you… … !”
When Todd was speechless, with several figures popping up in his mind, Richard shouted as he went to the door.
“Nade! let’s go! to these guys
What future do you entrust?”
“huh? uh, yes.”
Nade, who left the high-end bar, grabbed Richard’s shoulder as he strangled ahead.
“Hey, wait. What are you going to do?”
“You? Bald is lucky. If I hadn’t broken his head, you would have killed him.”
Nade couldn’t deny it.
“How are your hands? Let’s start with disinfection.”
“it’s okay. Richard of Alchemy, you know my body? Anyway, let’s get our hands on this one. It’s not like there are only rich people in the world.”
“okay. Let’s find another investor.” Since it was Maya, no one else, Ned also gave up his lingering feelings and walked to the carriage.
“excuse me.”
At that time, a sharp-looking man wearing horn-rimmed glasses approached with restrained steps.
“Are you sure, Mr. Westnade?”
Nade looked back at Richard once and replied.
“yes. I am Nade.”
“okay. Rumor has it that they are recruiting investors.”
“Who are you?”
It may not be a secret anymore, but very few people knew about the elemental bomb.
“I think we can finance it. If you have any thoughts, could you please take a minute?”
Richard asked.
“Funding? I don’t know what rumors I heard, but it’s not an amount that one person would invest.”
“it’s possible. whatever it was.” The man smiled and took a coin from his inside pocket and threw it at Nade.
“This is my business card.”
“This??????
Nade’s eyes sparkled as he examined the coin, and Richard opened his mouth in surprise.
“The golden ring.”
Fermi’s face came to mind.

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-873.txt
=============YYYYY=============
All those fights (4)
On the eastern border of the Gallon Kingdom is the Akros Kingdom, which stretches along the coast.
“My hometown is not far.”
If you enter the Kingdom of Kazra from South Cross, it will be straight to Tormia.
A 3-meter-tall metal monster stopped walking in front of a sheer cliff.
Sirone and Lian got off the waterspout and watched the smoke rise over the horizon.
“The Central Continent is also in a bad situation.”
While crossing the desert from Gustav to this place, the two rescued more survivors than expected.
However, from now on, it was the world’s largest battlefield, which was actually occupied by demons.
“Emmy… …
Somewhere, Amy must be fighting too.
“I guess.”
said Ryan.
“Tess too.”
After dismantling the watering can, and putting <Law Killing> into her bosom, Sirone went down the cliff with Lian.
In order to go to Tormia anyway, you have to break through the siege of 200 million demons.
There was no choice but to fight which path to take, and that time came sooner than expected.
“Uuuuuuuuuu!”
The place that I thought was the ground jumped up and a huge creature made of mud raised its upper body.
The face was rectangular and square, and the arms were still assimilated to the ground.
“Queueeeee!”
Numerous demons poured down like vomit from the huge gaping hole.
“What, all of a sudden… … ?”
Like a wasteland, the demons with cracked skin scratched their big jaws and looked around.
Then, when he found Sirone and Lian, he opened his eyes wide.
“Hey, Yahweh… …
Lian drew out his great sword and moved on.
“Is it the rear guard?”
It was a moment when Balkan’s vigilance was revealed, but even that was not a trap dug for the two of them.
“Let’s go, Sirone.”
Lian kicked off the ground, and Sirone cast teleportation and flew toward the enemy camp faster than him.
“Chi, surprise… … !”
Before he could finish his words, a roar erupted, and all demons within the radius were torn apart by the shock wave.
“come! come!”
The 1st Battalion of Magicians under the 2nd Corps had been busy cleaning the area around the barracks since morning.
Cleaning on the battlefield is limited to maintaining minimal hygiene, but today the situation was different.
“Hey, corporal! Quickly release the kids and pull the weeds. Fix the fence too! I will not allow even the slightest mistake!”
“yes! Sergeant! Please leave it to me!” Amy, who watched from a distance as the soldiers worked together, clicked her tongue.
“Anyway, it’s only when it’s like this that it’s a scam.”
Tess, sitting next to her, laughed.
“Still, there is a consolation performance like this, so it’s worth fighting. Honestly, isn’t it a war with nothing to gain?”
It is a war that human greed has sublimated into madness, but now it was only fighting for survival.
“By the way, you know, a singer named Maya? I heard that you are from Tormia Magic School.”
Amy’s eyes narrowed.
“know.”
It would be welcome to have a successful classmate come to the concert, but personally, I had a rough story with her.
“Hmm, how is the reaction lukewarm? Could it be that there was even a love triangle at school?”
Amy didn’t say anything, and Tess, who hit her, instead screamed in surprise.
“Really? Then, with Sirone… … If it’s Amy’s love triangle, is there anything else besides Sirone?
“It’s okay, it’s all in the past. And it’s not a love triangle! Maya had a crush on Sirone.”
“Hmm.”
Tess rested her chin and thought.
It’s clear to interpret it literally, but there seemed to be a reason why Amy insisted on emphasizing it.
‘It must have been serious.’
After cleaning the barracks, Berik came running.
He was a corporal who had been in trouble for writing an article mocking Amy in a resolution the other day, and was currently promoted to squad leader.
“Captain! Loyalty! The 4th Squad cleaning is over!”
Amy was saluted.
“Yeah, good job. After taking a break for about an hour, bring in troops and help build the concert hall.”
“yes! All right!”
Tess shrugged.
“Hey, try cleaning like this when the commander comes. Impressed by his enthusiasm, he must have given me a promotion.”
Berrik scratched his head.
“Hehe, you know the boss, right? It would be impossible to dream that a consolation performance would come to such a front line.”
It was clear that Maya’s decision was great because she was in a state of confrontation with the demons right in front of her.
“But don’t worry! I will never give up. In my heart, there is only the battalion commander.”
Amy laughed.
“okay. good.”
Although it was regarded as a joke by a subordinate, Berrik was moved by the fact that Amy did not deny it.
“yes! Loyalty!”
Tess, who had been watching Berik run excitedly, turned her head playfully.
“First of all, Amy wins 1.”
I couldn’t help but laugh, but Amy’s face soon turned serious.
“I’m worried about the demons because I left everything else. The quiet these days is suspicious.”
The army of hell that Amy’s 1st battalion is currently confronting was a detached unit of 30,000.
It was a large army for a detached confrontation, but in any case, an order was issued from the upper level to hold on to their ankles.
Tess looked over the enemy lines.
“The early warning system is clear. It’s not like we’re going into an all-out war, so we should be able to prepare for an attack during the performance.”
“That’s right.”
The problem was Maya.
‘I hope nothing happens.’
Around noon, the temporary stage was completed, and three hours later, Maya’s performance team arrived.
“come! come!”
Society would need bodyguards, but in an army with strict military laws, all they could do was applaud and shout.
When Maya landed at the place where all the troops of the battalion were gathered, the sound of applause disappeared for a moment.
“wow?????? Her slender figure full of social nostalgia caught the attention of men.
“hello.”
When Maya waved her hand happily, a heartfelt applause immediately followed.
“It is pretty.”
It was Tess’ honest impression.
Amy, on the other hand, greeted Falmus without showing much emotion.
“This is Palmus, the representative of the performance agency Elbor. It is an honor to invite you.”
Valkyrie of the holy war and the battalion commander of the magic unit were so-called misleading positions in society.
“This is a battlefield. We will make full preparations, but I hope you will follow the command of the army.”
“of course. All lives are precious, but Maya is the signboard of an agency. I will only trust the battalion commander.”
Only then did Amy look back at Maya.
My heart was touched when I saw my friend’s face on the battlefield, but I couldn’t show my emotions.
“Nice to meet you, Maya. First of all, where to stay… …
“Amy!”
Before she could finish her words, Maya threw herself into her arms and shed tears as she hugged Amy.
“I miss you! Was it very difficult? Do you know how long I have been waiting for this day?”
‘Not a single thing has changed.’
As if turning back time, the memories from the magic school passed by like a kaleidoscope.
Amy smiled kindly and hugged Maya.
“Yes, welcome.”
Seeing Amy as she was, not a soldier, the soldiers who were watching widened their eyes.
‘Is that really the battalion commander?’
“Maya! Maya!”
In the midst of dozens of lighting magic lights up in the sky, Maya’s performance continued enthusiastically.
Even the wizards lost their minds when they took off their coats while singing <Rain of Light>.
“Good song.”
In an empty lot away from the stage, Amy and Tess were standing side by side watching the performance.
“huh. He sings really well.”
Even if no one else knew, Amy could feel her sincerity after hearing the lyrics of <Rain of Light>.
Suddenly, my eyes turned red.
“Amy, are you crying?”
“uh? Oh no…
Just as he was about to make an excuse while wiping away tears, a warning sound echoed through the sky.
“emergency! emergency! All troops go into defensive posture!”
Amy, whose head went cold in an instant, turned around with her red eyes burning.
“what’s the matter!”
“It’s a demon detached unit! We’re breaking through the Valley of the Droplets at full speed right now!”
“what? What about traps?”
Countless traps were placed along the way to prevent moving in the shortest distance.
“We’re pushing with meat bullet tactics.”
“That is impossible. With just 30,000 troops, you can’t pass through the Valley of Droplets.”
“It may not be an attack.” said Tess.
“It’s a typical pattern for those who are chased by something. Another unit may have secretly hit the rear end.”
It wasn’t something that was unlikely.
“good! Building an entire army position! Hold the defense line!”
As the soldiers moved in perfect order, Maya watched blankly from the stage.
“Maya! It’s an attack! Let’s go to the bunker quickly!”
Falmus, who was naked and wearing a coat, dragged her body, but Maya did not move.
“Light rain… …
From the horizon, showers of light were approaching, walking through the veil of night.
“Maya! The show is stopped! Don’t hold back, come on… …
The moment Falmus urged, an explosion close to a roar was heard from the defense line.
“no way??????
Maya jumped off the stage and, leaving Falmouth’s cry behind, ran toward the battlefield.
“come! Respond with common magic A-3!”
The cavalry blocked the entrance, and the wizards on the left and right hills equipped their hands with magic.
The gigantic lighting magic, incomparable to that of the performance, lit up the night as brightly as daytime.
“Kuaaaaa!”
The moment Amy checked the number of demons rushing in from the end of the street, Amy’s eyebrows narrowed.
“What happened?”
There were so many demons approaching that it was hard to see that they had passed through the Valley of Water Drops.
“Amy! We hit first!”
Just when Tess is about to mobilize the cavalry to secure the range of the magicians.
“for a moment! atmosphere!”
Amy gave instructions.
‘Tess is right. That’s not an attack.’
The demons’ faces, which were enlarged by compressing the air, showed clear fear.
“Kuaaa! Do, run away!”
As the demons who had crossed the 3rd line of deterrence rushed in like a torrent, a terrifying sound of sword strikes was heard.
“uh?”
The bodies of the demons were separated as if the scenery had been severed, and the silhouette of a swordsman was revealed through the curtain of the body.
“That one?… ”
Tess’ heart pounded.
“Captain! What should I do?”
As the leading demons were annihilated and the soldiers were in confusion, Amy raised her hand.
“… … Waiting to fire.”
A bombardment of light poured from the rear.
As far as she knew, there was only one magician in the world who could use physical light.
“Abominable Yahweh! you… … you… … !”
Before the demons could even finish their work, a curtain of light exploded in all directions, destroying the cliff.
Kurrurrurrung!
The ground shook for a moment, then it became quiet, and Lian emerged from the rising haze.
“Coke! Coke! Aww, fine dust.” All the members of the corps stared blankly at the prosecutor bending over and coughing.
Suddenly, a strong wind blew up, and dust flew behind them, and Sirone approached Lian.
“It’s because you’re going too fast.”
“Who pressed you that there was no time? If it wasn’t for my strategy, I’m still not even halfway… … yes?”
Feeling stares pouring from all sides, Lian stopped talking and looked around.
“Sirone, it looks like it’s all pierced.”
It was definitely a human unit.
“uh? That’s right. hello. Excuse me, where is this place? We want to go to Tormia.”
“… … Where is this?”
Tess, who was shaking her shoulders, shouted.
all.
“You didn’t even know that! You idiots!”
continues in the next volume

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-874.txt
=============YYYYY=============
obituary (1)
How could I forget Tess’s voice, I thought, but Lian was vague.
“what?”
When I looked up at the hill, I saw Tess sitting on the dark horse with a teary face.
“You bad boy… …
As long as you live like this.
“Haha, isn’t that Tess? A long time.” I didn’t expect it from the beginning, but isn’t it too much to treat someone I met by chance?
“You madman! Is that what you want to say to me? So far, no contact at all… …
Amy’s voice forced Tess to close her mouth.
“Sirone.”
She spoke in a trembling voice, and her face was covered with joy bordering on fear.
“How are you here… … ?”
I don’t think it’s real, but even if it was a dream, I hoped that I wouldn’t wake up forever.
“Amy.”
As Sirone slowly stepped towards her, Lian moved aside.
In the delicate atmosphere between the two, the soldiers whispered in their ears.
“I heard the demons call me Yahweh. Are you sure you know the battalion commander?”
Among those with thick bones on the battlefield, there was no one who didn’t know the Infinite Wizard.
“Isn’t it serious? Maybe the two of you say “shh.”
Sirone stopped in front of Amy.
‘Is that really Amy?’
When he was excited, he couldn’t feel the reality even when he saw his reddish eyes involuntarily.
It didn’t matter.
“Sirone… …
Before Amy could finish her words, Shiroe hugged her tightly and buried her face in her shoulder.
“I miss you.”
Amy’s smell.
The reason I didn’t wrap it up with the word scent was because I thought she would disappear right now.
‘Amy. The real Amy.’
This primal, unique smell was the only proof that she was real.
What should I say?
He went through so many things, such as the sacrifice of Seong-eum, the death of Gai, and Yahweh’s outrage.
But now that he hugged Amy, there was only one thing Si Lone could say.
“Don’t disappear.”
Tears welled up in Amy’s eyes.
“??????okay.”
If they felt the same way, words didn’t matter, and Amy hugged Sirone tightly around the waist.
“Is that man your lover?”
The eyes of the soldiers widened, and several of his men approached Tess and asked.
“Is it true, boss? Are you really saying that the battalion commander’s lover is Oh Dae-seong of the Ivory Tower?”
“Ivory Tower Five Stars?”
Tess, who read the psychology of her subordinates, smiled and said,
“No, just a classmate from school.” Relationships are like that.
And another classmate, Maya, was watching Shirone and Amy from afar.
‘I have no place to intervene.’
I could tell just by looking at the eyes of the two that it wasn’t just a matter of distance.
“Maya, let’s go back.”
Falmus, who was guarding her back, grabbed Maya by the shoulder and turned her back.
“… … yes.”
Tess didn’t like watching Maya go home.
‘Sorry. Things were bad. To think that three people would meet in a place like this.’
Actually, it was not the time to worry about others.
Seeing Sirone and Amy being affectionate, Boa Chimin Tess slapped Lian on the arm.
“you idiot! Where were you and what were you doing?”
“What to do? We went to war.”
It was a word that left me speechless.
“I cut down a lot of demons. I came all the way here cutting, cutting, and cutting again.”
Ryan asked, patting Tess on the head.
“how is it? Was it helpful?” Lyn Tess smiled as she looked back in front of her, pulling her Lian’s arm over her own shoulder.
“good job.”
It was a pleasant reunion for almost everyone.
It was definitely an exhibition, so I couldn’t stay in the impression forever.
After hearing from Sirone how she had come to this place, Amy instructed her adjutant.
“Send a messenger right now and prepare to withdraw. As soon as an order from the superior comes down, we move.”
“Yes, battalion commander.”
Since the 30,000 detached demons had been wiped out, there was no reason for Amy’s army to be stationed here.
‘This is such a perfect victory.’
It was an achievement worthy of being awarded the Order of Merit in the temple, but it was unlikely.
‘Sirone and Lian.’
Standing in front of the Infinite Wizard and the Knight of Mach, today’s victory report felt shabby.
‘It’s not the power to be in one battalion.’ Amy, who had experienced numerous wars, also realized how great the value of Si Lone’s combat power was.
“Sirone, you said you were going to Tormia, right?”
The death of Guy, Lian’s older brother, was also sad for Amy and Tess.
“huh. To go to the Ogent family and ask for forgiveness. I think that is the order.”
It was a conscience like Sirone.
“good. Our unit will be moving anyway. Is it okay if I accompany you on the way?”
“Yeah, of course. I’m not leaving right away either.”
The fact that the report on Sirone went to Valkyrie meant that the commander-in-chief would also find out.
‘If Iruki needed me, there was no reason to leave the unit in advance and create a variable that could not prepare for an emergency.
The duty officer approached.
“Commander, the barracks are almost finished. How is the performance going? Ask from there… …
I couldn’t help but ask because the contract was at stake.
“Oh right. show.”
Amy, who realized it belatedly, said.
“Sirone, Maya is here too. A consolation performance for our unit.”
A blush appeared on Sirone’s face.
“really? Maya?”
Amy asked the officer.
“What does the agency representative say?”
“The singer said that he seemed shocked by the attack. If caught in breach of contract, she would have no choice but… …
‘It’s not because of the raid.’
Tess heard that Maya was present at the reunion with Sirone.
“it’s okay. We also have negligence, so let’s end this. Give the soldiers beer.”
Alcohol was forbidden during the performance, but the demons nearby were annihilated.
“Sirone, are you going to see Maya?”
“Uh, over there… … Can I?” Sirone was no fool either.
“What are you talking about? It’s not a stranger, it’s an alumni. go first I’ll look around the workshop and follow you.”
“Okay then.”
As Sirone left the barracks, Amy put her arms on the desk and grabbed her head.
“Oh, that’s going crazy.” I was so nervous I was about to die.
‘Why is it today?’
Why did Heaven send Sirone and give her a situation with Maya?
I had to work anyway.
Upon arriving at the entrance of the unit, the work of removing the corpses of the demons and maintaining the barbed wire fence was in full swing.
“Amy.”
Tess, who was managing the scene, came running.
“How are you? huh? What does Sirone say? did you kiss No, we already have a hot relationship… …
Amy looked back in bewilderment.
“What nonsense are you talking about? This is an army. It’s not a place where you can fry and fry just because your lover has come.”
Tess also noticed her subordinates.
“Who’s going to say it out loud? Everyone else must be thinking that way too. It’s stupid not to.”
“Hmm.”
Amy was also a person.
The stress accumulated on the battlefield is beyond imagination, and the dissatisfaction has reached its peak.
The reason I was able to hold on until now was because I had no experience with that man.
“Commander, I will change the barbed wire to type C. It will save you time.”
Amy looked back at Daewon with blank eyes.
As he was examining the drawings, he habitually put his ballpoint pen in and out of the cap.
Saliva ran down Amy’s throat.
“Aww! Ouch!”
At the entrance, soldiers with hammers were pounding thick stakes into the ground.
“hey! tighten! More, more!”
On the other side, I could see the soldiers hard at work putting long bolts into the nuts.
“……!”
It felt like it was getting hot all of a sudden.
‘Ah, I need to wake up.’
Amy shook her head from side to side to clear her thoughts before digging deeper.
“Are you sick? Your cheeks are really red?”
“Nothing. Anyway, I’ll go see Maya first. You should also finish up and rest.”
Tess asked Amy who turned around.
“Are you concerned about that too?” Amy stopped walking.
“The person Sirone loves is you. So there is no need to think deeply about Maya.”
“I don’t know.”
Although they were romantic enemies, they were friends and comrades-in-arms.
“It is not a simple matter. therefore… … I feel like committing a sin. In a way, it is like violence.”
Would it be best to make love with Sirone in Maya’s presence?
“I missed you too. Besides, we are soldiers. You never know what will happen.”
There is no tomorrow for soldiers.
“Do not die. Are you sure you will win?”
Amy smiled and turned around.
“Don’t worry about me, take care of Lian. You guys really know, but you don’t know.”
Tess, speechless, puffed out her cheeks and looked up.
“Look at the sky to see the stars.”
past midnight.
In an empty lot, Amy and Maya looked up at the night sky and were lost in thought.
“I’m sorry, Amy.”
Maya knew exactly where she was.
“what?”
“You’re worrying about me for nothing. It would have been annoying to laugh and talk with Sirone.”
Amy laughed.
“It’s really the same. What is it like? It’s good to have fun with friends.”
It’s my heart, anyway.
“But you know. What do I think of Sirone? And now too.”
“I heard from Tess.”
If you were in Maya’s position.
“I was not feeling well either. To be honest, I don’t even know what to do in a situation like this.”
“Don’t think like that. I have no desire to be an intruder. If you think of me, just do whatever you want.”
“Do whatever you want… …
Amy turned her head.
“I won’t do anything that might bother you.”
” huh?”
Maya blinked.
“It’s not pity, it’s not a conscience. Because we are friends. I want everyone to be friendly while we’re here.”
I didn’t want to ask if it was a man or a woman
“Emmy… …
Maybe it will be the same as in school days like this?
“what? Why are you making that face? Do not misunderstand. I’m not saying I’m giving you a chance… …
Maya stole a tear.
“thank you. Thanks, Amy.”
I was happy that I had such wonderful friends, but on the other hand, my heart ached.
‘If I do this, I won’t be able to steal it.’
next morning.
The Kaidra sent from the temple landed on Amy’s troops at the speed of a gale.
“This is an urgent order!”
Amy greeted the messenger with a nervous expression at the faster reaction speed than expected.
“What happened?”
Tess and Lian arrived, and Sirone, who had been helping them pack, came along with Maya.
The messenger brought out a letter.
“This is an order from Iruki, the Valkyrie General Commander. Sirone, Amy, and Maya are telling you to return to Tormia Kingdom immediately and go to Creas City.”
Maya pointed to herself.
“yes? me too?”
If it was something related to the war, even if Tess didn’t know it, Lian couldn’t help but be involved.
Sirone was lost in thought.
‘Me, Amy, and Maya?’
The only thing the three of them had in common was that they were from Alpheas Magic School.
“Here is the letter from the General Commander-in-Chief.”
When Amy opened the letter, Sirone and Maya stood side by side behind her and read it with their eyes.
“what… … ?”
Ficho’s obituary was written.

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-875.txt
=============YYYYY=============
obituary (2)
Baska, the capital of Tormia.
On Allog Street in the administrative district, there was a luxury hotel where high-ranking officials stayed.
Hotel Desica, Room 1403.
Dante sat down at the table next to the window and looked down at the scene of the street bathed in the morning sun.
She was naked, without underwear, with her arms draped over her lap and an iced coffee in her hand.
“Fisho?????
What woke him up was an obituary delivered through the Magic Association.
The sound of running water in the bathroom stopped and a woman came out brushing her hair.
“what? Set the mood in the morning.”
As it was a hot night, she also sat down at the dressing table without thinking about putting on clothes.
The woman combing her hair asked, looking at Dante’s reflection in the mirror.
“Did you have a nightmare?”
Dante laughed.
“well. Could there be a nightmare more terrifying than the present reality?”
The woman hated philosophy.
“Today is really strange. don’t you wash? I have to go to work.”
The woman knew Dante as an employee of the Royal Records Management Department.
However, in reality, it was a factor corresponding to the second director of the National Intelligence Service, code black.
The fact that he had access to the top-secret encryption system, aka ‘rope’, meant that all of the country’s information was stored through his head.
said the woman putting on her makeup.
“I will be late today. I am going to meet a friend Don’t wait for me, go to sleep first.”
“There is no need for that.”
said Dante, turning to the woman’s back.
“Let’s stop seeing each other.”
The woman’s hand, which was applying lipstick, stopped abruptly and turned around with a frown.
“now… … did you tell me?”
“both”
In bed, another woman kicked off the covers and jumped up.
“what! Even me?”
She approached Dante and protested.
“How could this be? I haven’t even been I need to see you for at least a month!”
The woman sitting at the dressing table sighed.
“Are you tired already?”
I knew from the beginning of our relationship that he was a man I could never have anyway.
“It’s getting boring all over again. Life itself is boring.”
“Then what is the reason?”
Dante smiled in the halo of sunlight.
“The real thing is coming.” It was Tormia’s turn.
There was sadness in Sirone’s eyes.
“Fishaw is dead… …
It was predicted from the moment he became the host of the alien creature Argones.
But the question still remains.
“What do you mean by dead?” Amy opened her mouth.
“From what I heard from Fisho, the person who becomes the host of Argones has no limit on lifespan. Of course, it would be buried in the infinite proliferation of cancer cells, but it would not be possible to make a death judgment.”
“After the graduation exam, Fishaw left. He must have been locked up in an isolation facility.
There must have been many experiments, and no one knew what happened after that, except for a few in the kingdom.
Maya asked.
“Is that the only thing written in Iruki’s letter?”
Amy checked again.
“huh. Judging by the use of the word “immediately,” it is quite forced. There is nothing other than an obituary.”
“Iruki won’t miss it. maybe it’s confidential. You will find out when you go.”
Sirone turned to Maya.
“Your schedule must be busy, can you go? Fishaw’s Funeral.”
“Of course I should go. Because he was one of the people who stayed in my senior class the longest.”
He was a reticent older brother who always treated Maya with an equal attitude, even when she was the troublemaker of her senior year.
“good. Then let’s start right away.”
The temple’s permission was granted, but Amy was reluctant to leave her crew behind.
“Are you okay? Without a commander… … Tess tapped her chest.
“What are you worried about? i have I will take good care of you and join the main camp, so come and go safely.”
Ryan opened his mouth.
“I will stay here too. Will that work?”
Of course, Tess asked with a surprised expression, as she knew that she was following Sirone.
“what? Are you staying here?”
“From now on, there is no danger to Sirone since it is inside the defensive wall of the temple. On the contrary, the army of Hell continues to move south. At this speed, Tormia is also visible.”
Lian intended to become a shield.
“huh. Thanks, Lian.”
said Amy.
“If there are 3 of us, let’s ride the Kaidra. Arrive at Kazura, jump to Tormia, and then go to Creas.”
“After that?”
Iruki did not tell us the exact destination.
“Well, maybe something is going to happen? If not, let’s go to school. Teachers will also attend the funeral.”
Maya nodded.
“Ah, yes. We will all gather.” It seemed like it would be a heavy class reunion.
It was dawn the next day when Sirone and the others arrived at Creas City.
The scenery of calmly preparing breakfast was unfamiliar to Sirone, who had been to and from the battlefield.
‘It was originally like this.’
I finished a simple meal at the dawn restaurant next to the Tormia branch of the Magic Association.
“No one is coming out.”
There was no particular message from the association.
“It could be rather thorough. People who have anything to do with Fishaw should know, but other than that, I feel like it’s better not to know.”
After leaving the cafeteria, Sirone and the others headed for Alpheas Magic School as originally planned.
Contrary to what she thought she was just visiting her alma mater, when she saw the main gate, her heart was moved.
‘This is where everything started.’
It seemed a long time ago that he had climbed over the wall of Alpheas Magic School at the age of 12.
Amy and Maya were also standing next to Sirone, looking up at Archie with dim expressions.
“Let’s go in.”
A guard who checked Amy’s ID opened the way.
“What, what?” It was a nostalgic scene, but only the scenery was the same, and the atmosphere had changed greatly.
Everyone was walking in rows and columns, and even the young students had a fighting spirit in their eyes.
“Militarization of schools. It’s a war, so it can’t be helped.”
When I went to the principal’s office with a bitter heart, Alpheas and Olivia jumped to their feet.
“you… …
I was surprised for a moment, and when I thought about Fishaw’s death, my expression relaxed.
“You’re here. Welcome.”
The three bowed their heads.
“hello. Principal, Vice Principal.”
Looking at the three main characters of the golden generation graduating class, Alpheas smiled heartily.
“okay. Sit over here.”
While drinking Olivia’s tea, Shiro’s party heard about the situation at the school.
“The graduation exam has been abolished from this year. Students are drafted into the army right after completing their regular classes.”
“It’s unfortunate.”
“yes. The advantage of competition has disappeared, but above all, the content of education itself is quite brutal.” Because they were sent to the battlefield without exams, students had to undergo intensive practical training.
“You must have heard about the fishoes, right?” Sirone nodded.
“yes. What happened?”
“I do not know either. The temple controls the information. The funeral will be in three days.”
“Why three days later?”
“It must be a political issue. But the biggest reason is probably… … It must be because of you Sirone.”
“Me?”
said Olivia.
“I’m not sure, but rumor has it that Fishaw left you a will. On the condition that it never be revealed until you come.” Sirone blinked.
‘Pe show to me?’
Unless you had a deep friendship in your school days, there was only one thing you could think of.
‘The Great Wall of the Ivory Tower. Or Yahweh.’
It was a problem that could be dealt with at that level.
“Since you are here, how about looking around the senior class? Well, even those words are memories now.”
A trainee would be an appropriate expression.
Following Alfeas through the steel gate, 30 students were being taught by Shiina and Sade.
“More, more focused!”
The students, whose faces had turned pale, were casting their respective major magic toward the front.
“This is my morning class. The key is to continue casting magic without stopping.”
Shiina shouted.
“Karna! What are you doing! Get out of your mind!”
When I pointed at the female student whose power had weakened, she bit her lip and sat down proudly.
“Karna! you… … !”
“This is absurd!”
Silence fell upon Karna’s cry.
“What is this, every day! Same training, ridiculous intensity! You can’t even recover!”
“wake up. This is your last chance.”
When Shiina’s eyes were unusual, Mark, who was next to her, supported Karna.
“Karna, let’s try again.”
“Let go! I have to say something! It’s not magic. It’s just overkill! We’re here to be strong!”
Shiina took out the document.
“Mino Karna. From today, at Alpheas Magic School… …
Sirone is approaching.
“Wake up.”
Shiina hurriedly turned her head, and the eyes of the graduating class students were stained with astonishment.
“Sir, Shirone-senpai… …
These are the students who had grand dreams after hearing Sirone’s touching speech at the graduation ceremony.
And now, he has truly become the world’s best wizard and stands in front of his juniors.
“Get up and start training. Isn’t that the magic law? No, this is magic.”
Karna said with tears in her eyes.
“no. This isn’t magic. No change, no creation. Was your senior like this too?”
“Of course it was different from your time. But the essence is the same. When you have time to grumble, cast your magic one more time.”
If Karna had to pick the person she admired the most, it would be Sirone without thinking.
That’s why it was even more sad.
“why? What does that change? What’s left of doing one more thing right now?”
“I remember doing it at least once.”
Karna’s lips were tightly closed.
“Accumulate those memories endlessly. Because in the end, only that will protect you. That’s all.”
“That’s all… …
“okay. Don’t give me room in your head to leave such a hopeless event that you gave up because it was hard. catch your ankle someday But if you wake up now, there are no limits.”
Karna’s eyes regained a cool light.
“Of course there are times when you need to rest. Because I did too. But after seeing it, I got it.”
Sirone smiled.
“That I’m not good at anything.”
“… … haha.”
“When a wizard needs to rest, it’s not when he’s tired or tired. When a single break can increase the chances of victory, a wizard promotes a break.”
Sirone held out his hand.
“Can you control it? Are you a wizard too?”
“yes! Seniors!”
As Karna stood up with a smile, the students’ will soared like fire.
“good! let’s do it! I will never give up!”
Sirone, who had been watching happily, bowed her head to Shiina as she returned to her seat.
‘Sirone… …
Since he was no longer a disciple, Shiina also bowed her head and expressed her gratitude.
‘thanks.’
Mark’s magic exploded with greater power than usual.
‘Sirone-senpai is watching!’
Maria followed, and the other students put in all their mental energy, forgetting their fatigue.
‘Please advise me too.’
The world’s strongest wizard is watching.
For that fact alone, students’ concentration was at an all-time high.

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-876.txt
=============YYYYY=============
obituary (3)
After the 4-hour speaker training, the students were exhausted.
Among those who showed signs of exhaustion and gasped for breath were Mark and Maria, who were friends with Sirone.
“long time no see.”
As Sirone approached with a smile, Mark forgot about his hardship and jumped up.
“Seniors! I really didn’t expect you to come.”
Although the time they met was short, Mark and Maria were also the ones who took the graduation exam with Fishaw.
“huh. You heard it too.”
“yes. She didn’t show it, but Mark, who was watching her friends, blushed and said as if he had suddenly thought of it.
“I’m sorry, senior. I wanted to catch up quickly, but I’m still in my senior year.”
It’s not something you can do with just a will.
Shirone had already graduated, so it was a shame, but thinking back to that time, it was just dizzying how she managed to do it.
“are you okay. You are moving.”
Mark was also proud of that.
“Sure. I will never give up.”
As the students left for lunch, Sirone and the others chatted with the teachers in the office.
“uh? By the way, what about Miss Etella?” She was not seen during class, and even the desk in her office was missing.
“Teacher Ethella… …
Shiina chose her words carefully.
“You left school.”
“You left? Where?”
“that is??????
Shiina chose her words again, but she couldn’t find any words to explain to Sirone.
Alpheas turned around.
“Okay, where are you going now? There are three days until Fishaw’s funeral, so I should go home.”
“My parents are living with the Ogent family. I plan to stay there too.”
As she spoke, Sirone also realized.
‘There’s no Lian.’
There was no one to defend Guy’s death, not even his parents.
‘It’s better.’
In order to raise your mind again, you should not hide behind someone else’s back.
After a short meeting, Sirone and the others left Alpheas Magic School.
Since we will meet again at the funeral home, we decided to ask about Etella at that time.
Amy asked in the Noble Quarter.
“I’m going to my parents’ house, would you like to go with Maya? You have no place to stay anyway.”
“are you okay. You can sleep in the hotel.” Sirone is extremely dry.
“no. I’m famous. Besides, the agency
Aren’t there people?”
Palmers was coming down through a different route by requesting a move to the army separately.
“Don’t do that, let’s go together. Is it because you are uncomfortable with me?”
“No, not at all!”
Maya jumped up and denied it, but it was true that it was not a comfortable place for a human being.
“Then how about going to Ogent?”
“Oh, no… … That too.”
This time, Maya shook her hand, but it looked much more hesitant than the first time.
“Just let me stay at the hotel. You’ll sleep in a nice place, so you won’t need bodyguards.”
Sirone also thought it would be a place where Maya would be most comfortable.
“okay. Then see you in three days.”
“huh. How are you all?”
Taking care of Amy, Maya left first and headed to the lodging facility.
“ha.”
It was regretful to part with Sirone, but honestly, I felt much more at peace now.
‘How long will it be like this.’
Both Sirone and Amy had personalities that couldn’t hurt others, so being caught in the middle was even more miserable.
‘Should I meet someone else?’
I heard the saying that you should forget the scars of trials as a new person.
However, if it were easier said than done, no one in the world would suffer from love fever.
‘A man more wonderful than Sirone… …
I couldn’t think of what it was, and Maya shook her head in frustration.
‘I don’t know. It’s bad to think like this before a friend’s funeral.’
Although it was a luxury hotel, it was a four-story building because it was not as populated as the capital city.
The popularity of Maya in Tormia was far superior to that of other countries, so noble youth recognized her.
“Hey, over there! Right?”
“uh? I guess that’s right! It’s the first time I’ve seen it up close like this. What’s wrong with Creas?”
“I know. It looks like you came alone.”
As Maya, who had rented a room on the 4th floor, went up the central staircase, the young men met their eyes.
“Shall we ask to play together?” It was worth the bottom line.
Cross family’s training room. In the narrow stone chamber barely fit for a desk, Cayden was sitting cross-legged.
“The Fate of the Red Cross.”
After leaving the magic school and returning to his hometown, he only spent time in the training room.
“Kaden, it’s time to leave.”
Cayden’s father opened the door and came in.
He sighed as he turned his gaze to the portrait of Maya clinging tightly to the stone chamber.
‘How long… …
At first I asked who it was, but Cayden said nothing.
However, as time passed, I learned that the person in the portrait was Maya, a world-famous singer.
‘How old are you, fell for Yein?’
Caden opened his mouth.
“I’ll leave in one more hour.”
“Honey, at least you shouldn’t be late for your classmate’s funeral. How long are you going to live like this?”
the world is confused
Even when the representative lineage of Tormia, the Cross family, has to step in, the enemy is crazy about singers.
“Tell me something. Even when she left magic school, she didn’t say anything. But what is it? I don’t practice, and every day I lock myself in and draw.”
“You don’t need to practice, Father.”
Since the name Cayden is worth it, my father asked with expectant eyes.
“… … Have you attained enlightenment?”
“I don’t even need enlightenment.”
“Then what! What the hell did you do by locking yourself in here for so long!”
“I am accepting it.”
As golden energy radiated from Cayden’s body, his father took a step back.
“This, this… …
Red Cross of Sacrifice.
From the start, what Caden needed wasn’t bloody training or extreme enlightenment.
“I will accept my fate.” give up maya
If that was possible, the Red Cross would elevate Cayden to the greatest of all time.
* ? ?
Upon arriving at the Ogent family, Sirone burst into tears at the reunion with her parents.
Bischoff, the head of the household, and Reina, who had just come down to the family home, were watching them happily.
However, the impression was short-lived, and Sirone’s face soon turned cold as she was far from her parents.
“I have something to tell you.”
“okay. There are many things we want to hear.” Bischoff sat down at the table of honor and offered a seat, but Sirone knelt down on the cold floor.
Rayna stood up again.
“Sirone? what are you doing? Why are you doing that?”
“for a moment… … Please listen to me.”
Reina sat down again at Sirone’s serious tone, and the conversation began.
He spoke calmly, but honestly.
From the time I first met Gai, to the incident where Yahweh’s anger was revealed.
“My older brother…
Guy is dead.
Vincent and Olina buried their faces in their hands, and Reina’s staggering knees bent.
“brother Brother……
In the end, Raina couldn’t stand it and cried.
burst
Even in the pain of stabbing her heart with a dagger, Sirone just looked down at the ground.
“It was I who killed Guy.”
When Sirone once again stated the facts, Bischoff was the first to speak.
There was a rage that could not be concealed.
“Do you know Ryan?”
“yes.”
“What did he say?”
“It has nothing to do with Ryan.”
Sirone was adamant, and it was clear to Bischoff what Lian would have done.
‘It’s not Sirone’s fault.’
Everyone would think so, but from Bischoff’s point of view, his son was dead.
“Guy has betrayed humanity. You ruined the family’s honor. No one in the world will blame you.”
“That’s why I came here.”
Bischoff stood up.
“I guess so. Are you my son’s enemy? so… … What are you going to do now’?”
Reina, who had been sobbing, widened her eyes when she saw Bischoff pulling out a sword.
“Dad, what are you doing?” As the blade approached Sirone, Vincent and Olina’s faces turned pale.
“Go, my lord… …
Vincent spoke in a trembling voice, but Bischoff’s life was not disturbed.
“Why is that? My child is dead, so you mean to forgive Mr. Vincent’s child?”
“That, that… …
Vincent kept his mouth shut.
If the dead person had been Si Lorne rather than Guy, would he have been able to forgive the Ogent family?
“Let me ask you something.” Sirone raised her head with the knife hanging from her throat.
“Yes, please.”
“really… … Were you really helpless? i know how strong you are Can you be sure there was no other option but to kill?”
“no.”
Bischoff’s face contorted.
“Choose your words carefully.”
Sirone thought again.
“I have already thought about it countless times. The answer is the same. If I had been a little better in my judgment, Guy would not have died.”
“ha.”
Bischoff, who drew his sword, returned to his seat.
“Why don’t you make excuses? You know I need a reason to forgive you Do you want to become an enemy? Even so, we have no power to kill you.”
“I don’t know.”
Sirone said honestly.
“What am I supposed to do. I just thought I would get the answer if I came here.”
Because it’s not an answer you can find on your own.
“good.”
Bischoff said.
“Even if I forgive you, nothing will change. It’s a matter of emotion. And emotions take time.”
I could understand.
No, just being able to suppress his emotions to this extent made Bischoff a superhuman.
“There is one condition.”
The ethos of the big sword is not cowardly, so Sirone nodded her head obediently.
“yes. I will follow whatever.”
“Forget it. I allow it. At least until this war is over, don’t mind the things about Gai.”
“My lord… …
“Not for you. Because from now on you will have to show that my son’s death was not in vain.” Tears ran down Sirone’s cheeks.
“thank you. thank you.”
I finally realized why I thought that the Ogent family would have answers.
There was dignity here.
“Then let’s go.”
As Sirone prepared to leave, Vincent and Olina followed suit.
“Head of the household, then we too… … Rayna came out.
“Dad, I mean, what if I send it for real? Sirone’s parents are also in trouble.”
Not accepting Sirone was a form of punishment, but there was no need to complicate the situation.
Bischoff, who had been staring at Reina, stood up as if he had made up his mind.
“Okay, go out and come back. I also need to inform you of Guy’s obituary. Sirone, follow me too.”
Rayna asked.
“Are you going out together? two people?” Bischoff, ignoring his daughter’s words, turned to Sirone and said,
“Are you drinking?”

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-877.txt
=============YYYYY=============
obituary (4)
“who are you?”
Maya approached the door and cautiously asked outside.
“Ah, there… … therefore.”
I heard a man’s voice, and from the way he spoke, he seemed very nervous.
‘Who is it?’
She is also a graduate of a prestigious magic school, but Falmus always warned her to be vigilant.
Especially if you are alone in a hotel.
“sorry. I have no words to explain. Should I say I saw it by chance? anyway… …
As the man spoke gibberish, another voice was heard.
“Idiot, get out of the way.”
Hmmmm, he said after clearing his throat with a clearing of his throat.
“We are fans of Maya. I happened to see it… … Could I get an autograph?”
Normally, he would be happy to sign this under Falmouth’s observation, but it was difficult now.
“I’m sorry… …
Maya, who was about to politely decline, stopped talking.
‘I can’t live like this.’
Rather than expecting something in particular, I wanted to blow a new wind in my heart.
“Wait a minute.”
When Maya, wearing a coat, quietly opened the door, two men of the same age stepped back.
“Wow, the real Maya.”
Even if you watched the performance from the VIP seats, you couldn’t see her face this close.
‘It’s an unrealistic face.’ Her aura of the object of her admiration elevated her from a mere human to a deity.
“hello! I am a fan!”
When she didn’t appear to be a bad person, Maya unlocked the lock and opened the door completely.
“yes. nice to meet you. excuse me… … What is the cause of death?” It was a rushed word, so I wasn’t ready to get an autograph.
The improvised man turned his friend around and slapped him on the back.
“Please do it here. I will never wash it and keep it!”
Laughter broke out.
Maya, who had signed the two, closed the pen cap and held the doorknob.
“Then proceed carefully.”
“Oh, over there!”
The man who hurriedly reached out his hand, realized that it was rude, and scratched his head with the returned hand.
“If you haven’t eaten, would you like to join us? As for the signature, we want to treat you.”
“yes? meal?”
“Ah, if you feel uncomfortable, you can refuse. It was just so dreamy that Maya’s eyes filled with sadness as she watched the man anxiously waiting for an answer.
‘Sirone… …
If the person standing now, the person who goes back and forth between heaven and hell with just one word of his own, was Sirone.
‘I’m so happy that I couldn’t even say a word.’
But since that wouldn’t happen, it was just a delusion in my head, as always.
‘I have to get out now.’
When there was no answer from Maya for a long time, the man who understood it as a refusal lowered his head.
“sorry. say something… …
Maya said with a smile.
“no. It’s fate that we met like this, but we eat together. It just happened that I was hungry.”
“yes’?”
The man’s face went blank because he thought there was a 99% chance of being rejected from the start.
“Jung, are you serious?”
Maya hurriedly blocked herself from attempting to apply sirone to the man’s face again.
“Why would you lie? And how about eating?”
“But Mr. Maya is a celebrity and… …
“haha! Are celebrities not hungry? song. Please buy me something delicious instead.” Are you watching, Sirone?
‘I’m popular too. All these wonderful noble men die in a blink of an eye at my words.’
a bit of pity.
“yes! Then I will serve you with the highest quality!”
And with a glimmer of hope that she might be able to forget Sirone, Maya left the hotel.
Sirone and Bischoff sat face-to-face at a bar 200 meters away from Maya’s hotel.
“How much do you drink?” With meat snacks cut into appropriate sizes in front of him, Bischoff poured a drink into his own glass.
“I don’t drink much.”
If we were talking about the limits of what the mind could endure, Sirone’s drinking capacity would be infinite.
“okay.”
When Bischoff raised his glass with a bitter smile, Sirone toasted with both hands.
Looking down at the glass, Sirone said.
“Holy Head, Gai’s job… …
“There is no need for that.”
We met up for a drink just to get some comfort
it wasn’t anything
“How is it? I mean Guy disappointing
I hope it’s not at the level of luck, but I wanted to know how far the eldest son of the Ogent family had gone against the Infinite Wizard.
“It was strong.”
Sirone was able to assert.
“There was not an inch of hesitation in perpetuating one’s convictions in spirit as well as sword skills.”
“okay.”
Bischoff recalled Guy.
“Wrong, Sirone. Guy was weak. So he died.” Sirone took a sip of his drink without saying a word.
“Fight and win, survive, if only that is strong, there is no strong person in the world. humans are weak He will die even if he is struck by lightning.”
“It must have been a mistake. Everyone makes mistakes.”
“There is no room for excuses. If he was really strong, he wouldn’t be obsessed with visible strength. He was eaten by fear. He lost to both you and Rihanna.”
Bischoff looked out the window.
“… … There must have been something he had to shoulder as the eldest son of the Ogent family. It seems that the load was heavier than expected. My responsibility is great.”
He couldn’t see his face because he turned his head away, but Sirone thought Bischoff was crying.
The atmosphere was heavy but not hopeless, and alcohol was circulating in memory of Guy.
As the sun went down, Bischoff stood up.
“Go in first. Reina must have a lot on her mind too. Could you give me a day or so?”
“Yes, of course. I will go in tomorrow.”
“I don’t do the math.”
Shortly after Bischoff left the bar, Sirone also stood up.
‘It’s difficult.’
As I was walking down the street, organizing my thoughts, I saw people snooping through the windows of the bar.
“Isn’t he just a lookalike?”
“Does that look alike? The real Maya.”
Sirone’s steps stopped.
“Maya?”
“There was such a story. Somehow, the lyrics touched my heart from the first time I heard it.”
“No, not particularly well-written lyrics… …
Maya hurriedly shook her hand.
“You don’t have to be humble. Because truth prevails. After hearing about it, I became a fan even more.”
Among the two fans who came to the hotel, a man named Mason poured a drink into Maya’s glass.
“Anyway, I can’t believe it’s unrequited love. It’s frustrating for me to hear.”
Mason’s friend, Tito, helped.
“that’s right. People who said they like Maya lined up. Have you received many confessions?”
“A confession? No, not really… … Suddenly a man came to mind.
‘Kayden.’
Sometimes when life is hard, when I look back on my graduation exam, there was always a question that followed.
‘Why did I give up on the exam?’
At first I thought I was lucky.
However, what I learned from experiencing society is that such absurd incidents do not exist.
‘He’s a strong enough person to be a member of the Golden Wheel. obviously gave up And I passed.’
Maybe there was an obvious reason.
‘Am I living well?’
If I met him at Fishaw’s funeral, I would definitely want to ask him about the day.
“that’s right.”
Maya said with a smile.
“I forgot everything now. What do you know about such a man Now I want to meet someone new.”
said Mason, showing his temper.
“haha! Good idea. Now then, toast to Maya-san’s new love!”
“great! Cheers!”
Tito, who had been watching Mason who was excited and at a loss for what to do, got up with a smile.
“I have to stop and see.”
“uh? Are you going already?”
“I forgot I had an appointment with my girlfriend. I’m sorry, Maya. Let’s have another drink together next time.”
Mason was on the verge of tears.
‘Thank you, friend.’
Tito winked.
“Maya-san, I will escort you well. See you next.”
After paying for the drink and opening the door, Sirone passed by Tito.
‘Is it okay to drink like that?’
Watching the table from afar, there were already many bottles of alcohol.
“Maya, have you been here?” As Sirone approached the table, Maya’s smiling face immediately hardened.
“Sir, Sirone.”
It felt like a sin.
“Because I see you on the way. Who is this?”
Seizing the mood, Mason stood up and offered a handshake.
“I am a fan of Maya. I like him so much that I treat him like this.”
“Nice to meet you. I am a school friend.”
“Aha, I see.”
Mason realized at once, and as expected, a shadow fell over Maya’s face.
‘Yes, he’s a school friend.’ That was just about it.
“Do you want to go back? I will look forward to it.”
Anyway, Maya was a famous artist, and the glances from outside the window were also bothering her.
“why?”
Unlike usual, it was a cold tone.
“Why do you want me? I’m having fun right now Don’t worry, go first.”
“No, because I am worried… …
“So what are you worried about? I wasn’t caught by the bad guys, and I can’t even drink on my own?”
“Because you drink too much.” Power entered Maya’s eyes.
“Don’t look at me funny. I am also an official wizard who passed the graduation exam. I don’t want to interfere with things like this.”
Shirone, who was lost in thought, nodded.
“okay. Enter carefully.”
When Sirone left, Mason sat down, watching Maya notice.
“Are you okay?”
Maya gulped down her drink and smiled coolly.
“I did it! Did I just do well? I finally blew it. Aww, I feel refreshed inside.”
“If it’s Maya-san, it’s good.
But are you really going to be okay?”
“yes! Let’s drink more!”
After drinking until midnight, Maya arrived at the hotel with Mason’s support.
“Maya-san, wake up. Your leg is loose.”
“are you okay. that wizard Do you know Spirit Zone? If you just concentrate, you’ll wake up from this kind of alcohol in no time.”
I just didn’t want to break it.
“Mr. Mason, would you like to come in and have another drink?”
“yes? no, that’s… …
Maya stared at Mason.
“I don’t want to be alone. go crazy
I think it will.”
Mason, who had not moved for a while, gritted his teeth again and led Maya.
“Once you go up. The lobby is full of people.”
Climbing the stairs and arriving at Maya’s room, he released the support and exhaled heavily.
“Whoa. Maya, where are the keys?”
“Black. Black.”
Maya’s shoulders trembled as she leaned against the door.
“Forget it…
When Mason turned around, Maya’s face was wet with tears.
“There’s no way I can forget it!” “Mr. Maya… …
Sirone was listening from behind the wall to the sorrowful cries echoing through the hallway.
Mason found the key, opened Maya’s room, and returned it.
“Go in, Maya. I will stop too.”
Maya hurriedly wiped away her tears.
“Oh, sorry. I am… …
“It may be off topic, but there is something I want to say.”
As Maya looked up with wet eyes, Mason smiled.
“Unrequited love is also love. If forgetting is harder than the pain of watching from a distance, don’t bother trying.”
“Mr. Mason.”
“cheer up. I will always support you.”
He clenched his fist in front of Maya’s eyes and left without looking back.
“ha.”
When I went outside, the spring breeze was cold.
“After all, is it this time again?”
Tito was standing in front of the hotel.
“You didn’t go?”
“I’ve been here for a while. Has this happened once or twice? That’s why you’re living alone for the rest of your life.”
“stop. Because I feel like I’m going to go crazy because I regret it.”
“Cheuk, you will regret it for the rest of your life.”
“still… … Will you remember?”
Mason, who was looking up at the hotel, said proudly.
“Because I wasn’t embarrassed. To be honest, I was very cool. Can you imagine?”
Tito laughed and punched Mason in the back of the head.
“Let’s go get a drink.”
someday spring will come

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-878.txt
=============YYYYY=============
Biology Program (1)
Tormia Kingdom.
An unnamed village in the San Ferros region.
“hurry! Please go faster!”
A wagon was speeding along a steep mountain road at terrifying speed.
The exterior was sleek considering only mobility, and behind it was a wagon containing medical equipment.
A wagon wheel got caught on a rock and bounced off, and the medical staff riding inside pressed against the wall.
“The road is too rough! Going at this speed… … !”
Before the coachman could finish talking, Seriel pulled back the curtains and came out of the cabin.
“are you okay! Please go at full speed!”
The coachman gritted his teeth and swung the reins, and finally saw a shabby village over the mountain road.
It belongs to the kingdom of Tormia, so it is not without a name, but the current village was completely closed.
An unknown disease reported three days ago caused the inhabitants to mutate, and that was what Seriel was looking for.
“Im here!”
The door opened with a bang, and a gray-haired man and Seriel jumped down as if they were about to jump into the water.
Following that, World Health Organization medical staff hurriedly began to gather medical equipment.
The head of the Molecular Biology Department, Tenos, was a curly-haired man with gray hair.
“Who is the mutant?”
Soldiers in antibacterial suits were guarding the entrance.
“All have died, and now there is only one left. But it is not in very good condition.”
“Move!”
As the soldiers pushed through, the medical officers shouted.
“It’s not possible! Unreasonable entry in a state where epidemiological investigations have not been conducted properly… …
“Seriel! Follow me!”
“yes!”
After receiving an equipment bag from the medical team, Seriel followed Tenos into the village.
“What should I do? If this becomes contagious… …
Commander gave instructions.
“damn! Once the entrance is sealed. Any escaped residents will be shot and killed!”
As the troops reloaded their bows, medical staff from the World Health Organization followed one after another.
The village of 300 houses was littered with corpses, and the eyes of the survivors were filled with fear.
“Help me! Please let go!” As if they had escaped from the swamp of hell, people reached out their hands towards Seriel.
But she went deep into the village without even blinking.
There were also bodies piled up there.
‘The range of variation is larger than expected.’
Can you really call that a person?
There were not only those whose arms and legs were changed to those of insects, but also corpses whose bodies were imitated as animals.
“exaggeration! Seriel!”
Suddenly coming to her senses, she looked back at the cabin where the manager’s voice had been heard.
“yes!”
Upon entering, a pale-skinned, invisible man was tied to the bed.
“Big! Aagh!”
His eyes were unfocused as if he had already lost his reason, but only the fear remained.
“It’s still before the transformation! Extract it!” The medics ripped off all of the man’s clothes, and Seriel climbed on top of him.
“Kuaaa! Aagh!”
I killed the struggle by squeezing the stomach with both hands, and quickly examined the man’s body.
‘Where are you? where are you?’
The point at which the parasite mutates the host’s body does not deviate from the radius of 20 cm from the initial injection organ.
‘found!’
Seriel’s eyes widened when she found the injection wound on the man’s chest.
‘damn! It’s the heart!’
It was a systemic mutation with a high probability.
“Scalpel!”
The moment the medical staff gave him a scalpel, the man’s upper body shook more violently.
“Ouch! live, live… … !”
A human language that makes the mogol soft.
Seriel bit her lip and mercilessly cut the man’s chest with a scalpel.
“Quaaaaaa!”
As the blood gushed out, a red dot appeared on Seriel’s face as if it had been scorched with a brush.
She didn’t close her eyes, but luckily the blood didn’t get on her eyeballs.
However, it is not yet known how the parasite infects other organisms.
OOOOI” Sheriel, who put her hand into the man’s heart, felt something different and pulled it out.
The cytoplasm, soft like a lump of cancer, was wriggling wildly as if it were alive.
“extracting!”
When the parasite was thrown into a metal box taken out by medical staff, the cell stems spread out like beards.
‘It’s almost instinct.’
The moment they confirmed that, the medical staff closed the box, and Seriel hurriedly performed first aid.
“I will cast a recovery spell.”
Tenos nodded and locked the box.
“please! please!”
The World Health Organization has a reputation for Seriel’s recovery magic, but all he can do is hurt.
The man, whose energy had already been drained by the parasite, looked up at Seriel and moved his lips.
“Good, sir… …
“Do not speak. Recovery is the priority now.”
“… … I had a dream.”
The man had an expression of accepting death, and as far as Seriel knew, such a case belonged to a unique case.
“My body felt like it was on fire, but the pain suddenly disappeared. Are you a teacher?”
“It must be thanks to the extraction of parasites. I can live. Calm down a little more.”
“The light pulled me in, and my eyes opened.”
The man recalled a dream.
“Nice scent and comfortable feel. These are things a poor person like me will never feel.”
Seriel didn’t stop.
‘This man too… …
There was something in common in the reports of mutations collected from all over the world.
“At that time, a thought popped into my head. oh i’m rich It’s something you’ve been dreaming about.”
Tears ran down the man’s cheeks.
“But the truth is, it was a dream. Yes, I am a poor man.”
“What did you see in the dream?”
He was still casting recovery magic, but the man’s vitality did not revive.
“Cloudy sky. It may have been a window. From across the sky, something was looking down at me.”
“What was it?”
“I don’t know. It doesn’t look good. Something small, grayish… … . Then suddenly the sky opened… …
At that moment, when I came to my senses, I was here.
“That was a dream. i was rich No, this must be a dream. Sir, I want to go back.”
As the tear-stained man cried out, Seriel grabbed his face.
“Calm down! The wound has already healed! You can live!”
“no! It’s all fake! All… … ! Huh!”
The man’s lungs swelled rapidly, his pupils rolled up, and he stopped breathing.
Seriel performed resuscitation, but the man’s body temperature was rapidly cooling.
“Okay, chief. stop. Write a report.”
Seriel’s head fell.
“Mutator Case B-38. After the parasite Argones was extracted, the body was restored, but died. The cause of death… …
Seriel’s eyes, which slowly lifted her face, shone brightly.
“Suicide… … Estimated.”
As the medics quickly recorded, Seriel gave instructions as she got out of bed.
“By international agreement, the bodies of mutants are collected by the World Health Organization. Proceed in stealth. This is something that should not be talked about yet.”
It will be after Fisho’s funeral that the temple announces this.
When Seriel left the door, Tenos was lighting a cigarette outside the cabin.
“Good job.”
When I handed over the lit cigarette, Seriel took it and took a deep breath.
“… … Why are you dying?”
Tenos was speechless.
“Obviously the recovery has been perfect. There were no scars, no biological functions, no metabolism, nothing out of place. But how can a person die?”
“well. In vain?”
“Can a person just die because it is meaningless?”
“You can’t tell me you’re going to die.”
Tenos lit his cigarette.
“Why is there such a case? When you feel like you have nothing left to live for. Good memories and bad memories are just brain signals after they pass.”
A finger with a cigarette in it pointed forward.
“They say they live in the present for the sake of the future, but in the end, all that remains is the past. It’s inefficient to live fiercely while keeping only that memory in your head.”
“I didn’t know you had such thoughts.”
Tenos shrugged.
“I’m talking theoretically. To live in reality is to live in the senses. But sensation is a kind of impulse. Can you call it life? And the moment of recognition is already in the past.”
A long puff of cigarette smoke blew out.
“Past, present, future, there are no humans anywhere. The only thing that exists in this world is emptiness.”
“That’s my word.”
Tenos raised an eyebrow.
“I tried to imitate Buddha, but I really don’t know. If humans are just signals coming from outside, it is no different from dreaming. Could it be suicide? Maybe he realized that there is no reality here.”
“Do you want to call it liberation? A near-death experience is a personal experience. It cannot be scientifically proven.”
“… … So you have to find out.” Tenos threw away his cigarette.
“Fishaw’s choice was right. It is fortunate that Ivory Tower Oh Dae-seong was among my alumni. Even the Temple wouldn’t be able to read the secrets until it betrayed the Ivory Tower. come on Go find out exactly what Fishaw found out.” Of course I thought so.
“All right.”
“It’s late for the carriage. Use space shift. You can quarantine at the branch and leave immediately.”
“All personnel who participated in the Argones Project must move according to the movement line suggested by the upper level.”
“I will take responsibility. The instructions will be released tomorrow anyway. Don’t worry about this place and focus on Creas.” Seriel also wished for it, so he lowered his head and cast space movement magic.
“I’m coming.”
A roar split the sky.
The day of Fishaw’s funeral.
Creas Municipal Cemetery was crowded from morning with celebrities from all walks of life.
“There are so many people.”
As much as he had been in the magic school for a long time, there was a large crowd on the side of the Alpheas Magic School sign. Elsewhere, however, there were also figures who seemed completely unrelated to Fishaw.
said Dorothy.
“Certainly it is not just a funeral. Let us not be vigilant and keep an eye on the dynamics.”
Arin asked.
“Are you saying there could be a fight?”
“Not really, but… …
Sabina stabbed her in the side.
“Stop talking like that. Don’t you know everything because you heard it from your lover? Are we doing this among ourselves?”
At the word lover, Dorothy blushed.
hit
“I-I don’t know. I mean, Iruki didn’t say anything. He just said it could be dangerous.”
Closer raised a finger.
“excuse me.”
Alpheas, the principal of the magic school, and Olivia, the vice principal, were talking with the students.
“principal!”
When the excavation team, including Dorothy, greeted them, Alpheas smiled benevolently.
“You’re here. thanks.”
“Of course you have to come. However, the atmosphere is a bit strange. What’s going on?” “Because of Fishaw’s will. It seems there is a problem we don’t know about. There was even a protest a little while ago.”
“yes? demonstration?”
When Dorothy turned her head, officials from other countries were arguing with the temple officials.
“This is absurd. Do you know how much the kingdom of Miel has invested in the temple?”
“Please understand. Again, the authority to disclose the will does not exist in the Super Monster Research Institute, nor does it exist in the temple.”
“No, what do you mean… … !” The moment the official couldn’t hold back his anger and was about to raise the bar, the knight pointed to the entrance.
“Ambassador, over there.”
As if those words were a signal, hundreds of people fell silent at the same time.
“The Five Great Stars of the Ivory Tower.”
Sirone, the only person Fishaw had granted access to, was entering with Amy.

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-879.txt
=============YYYYY=============
Biology Program (2)
‘Are you here at last?’
The most powerful person in the world.
Even the protesting officials had no choice but to keep their mouths shut when Sirone arrived.
With the eyes of the audience focused on one spot, Sirone walked towards Alpheas Magic School.
“hello?”
Because Ficho stayed in the senior class for a long time, he saw faces Sirone didn’t know.
Seriel ran to Amy.
“Amy!”
Seeing the face of a friend she hadn’t seen in a while, Amy hugged Seriel fiercely.
It smelled like cigarettes.
“Amy! This sneaky girl! How can you live without a call? I’m disappointed!”
“Sorry. There was a situation.”
Before being dispatched to the battlefield, she overcame death several times at the training center.
However, it was probably because she was comfortable being Seriel, and her face was thinner than before.
“Are you tired?”
“Hehe, what could be the hardest thing for me? Fighting on the battlefield is harder. by the way… …
Seriel, who was looking at Sirone and Amy alternately, whispered with a convex smile.
“Coming in with Sirone means you were together last night too? What a cunning thing.”
“no! Sirone is here to pick you up. I was going to bring Maya too, but they’ve already left… …
From behind her alumni, Maya waved her hand.
‘Sirone.’
He then met Sirone’s eyes, but his feelings did not seem to have changed compared to before.
‘Well, that’s right.’
Maya doesn’t know that Siroche followed her to the hotel.
Even though nothing had happened, if Sirone had even a little heart, he would have appeared in his eyes.
‘are you okay. Because I love you. It doesn’t hurt more than the pain of having to forget it.’
Maya struggled to smile.
Contrary to the notice of foreign officials, the alumni treated Sirone openly.
“Sirone, have you ever become famous?” Screamer, the current Creas Coliseum champion, reached out to Sirone.
“uh? Screamer! Long time no see!” When I was in school, I was tongue-tied at his warlike tendencies, but now I could feel the energy of a quiet fighter.
Alumni as well as seniors flocked to say hello to Sirone, so he was distracted for a while.
“Sirone! do you remember me? You bumped into me at the lake garden when you were in advanced class. At that time, you also listened to my book.”
“Ah yes… …
Was it?
I couldn’t remember even such a trivial thing, but it wasn’t an atmosphere where I could ignore it.
It was nice to see them all, and it was reassuring to know that they had roots from the same school.
“What is that? What kind of reunion is it?”
Officials from other countries put on a blank expression.
If it is the five great castles of the ivory tower, isn’t it a position where even the king of a country must kneel?
I couldn’t understand the sight of Sirone teasing her by tapping her head or pulling her clothes.
“Everyone likes him. I can guess what kind of school life he was in.”
There were some officials who showed respect, but most of them were those who attended with the country’s fate at stake.
“joy! gibberish! Now is not the time to spend leisurely time. Isn’t it?”
Officials dispatched from the southern continent nodded with fierce eyes.
‘There must be something. I must find out.’
Demons are invading the world, but this kind of crisis is not the first time in history.
The human system is still in good shape,
Now, the war situation could not be seen as very bleak.
‘When the world war passes, the power structure is reorganized. It’s our turn this time.’
While everyone was thinking the same thing, the official of the Miel kingdom approached Sirone.
“You are the star of the ivory tower.”
The buzzing sound was gone.
“As you know, you have the right to see Fischo’s will.”
“Yes, I heard. Where is the will?”
An employee of the Super Monster Research Institute said.
“It’s not a will, it’s a video. Blood Show recorded for you. Currently, no one except Fisho has seen this video.”
“It’s a video… …
The official of Miel Kingdom intervened again.
“It is time for all kingdoms to unite and fight the demons. If Fichot’s will is closely related, I think sharing the information is the right thing to do.”
An official from Benibar Kingdom stepped forward.
“If you can’t open it to everyone, please vote for at least one representative. Incidentally, Benibar Kingdom is sending the most military food to the temple.” Realizing that they were trying to monopolize information, all the officials came running and shouted.
“I will not yield to Benibar. Our kingdom has sent the most troops to Valkyrie!”
“gibberish! Let’s follow it that way
noodle… … !”
While the officials were arguing, Sirone looked at them calmly.
As the voice rose and the atmosphere became a mess, Sirone’s voice was heard.
“Please stop it.”
The volume of voices was low, but the officials realized something eerie and fell silent.
The bright smile disappeared, and Sirone, radiating the magician’s energy, was standing there.
“I will tell you.”
Officials listened.
“There are people who haven’t arrived yet. These are the people who miss Fisho. Neither do I.”
Sirone looked around.
“I want to remember my friend who passed away. If you have no such thoughts… …
Cold eyes pierced the officials.
“Just stay still.”
“Ugh!”
There was no way to express it, but there was force in Sirone’s voice that could not be denied.
“Okay, let’s wait for a moment.”
As the officials quietly backed away, Sirone smiled again and turned around.
“Okay, let’s get ready too.”
Under the name of the world’s strongest wizard, he could see what kind of attitude the officials were taking.
However, most of the people watching Sirone had completely different thoughts.
‘Not a single thing has changed.’
Now they knew too.
How much courage and sacrifice it is to be angry for others completely.
‘Why didn’t I know then?’
Maybe it was Sirone who had the hardest time in school.
“uh? make it happen.”
The carriage of the temple arrived and Iruki got off.
Powerful knights who were not led by any other country official were guarding his side.
The students whispered as Dorothy passed freely between them and crossed Iruki’s arms.
“what? Are you two dating?”
It was the first time Sirone had heard it.
“Iruki, you… …
Before he could speak, a high-class carriage came running quickly and stopped at the entrance.
Nade, with his coat slung over his shoulder, and Liz, dressed in a neat suit, got down side by side.
“Sirone!”
Tears welled up in Sirone’s eyes.
“Nade!”
At the reunion of the three musketeers, who were called the idiots of the magic school, the alumni were also immersed in vague memories.
In the midst of many words coming and going, when the hour came, Dante crossed the entrance of the cemetery.
“It’s Dante.”
Similar to Sirone and the others, Closer and Sabina, who were the Three Musketeers, had their eyes shining.
‘You say you work in the Royal Castle Records Management Department? It’s bullshit.’
Every time I stopped by the capital, I looked for Dante, but I had never seen him.
Judging from his information magic skills, he was probably an agent in the intelligence department, especially a top-secret agent.
‘I can’t be sad.’ There were so many people gathered that there was no time to sort out the emotions, and the words went back and forth.
It was just a pleasure.
“Are you all gathered now? Then, just as the staff at the Funeral Super Monster Research Institute was about to start the host, a huge carriage came in.
“What is that?”
People were fascinated when they saw the goods loaded in the luggage compartment being pulled by the wagon.
It was a huge wreath made of gold.
“Is this Fishaw’s funeral home?”
When the transportation company employee asked with the payment documents, the restaurant manager asked while signing his signature.
“That’s right, but who sent it?”
“I do not know. If you ask for anonymity, we have no way of knowing. In any case, it definitely delivered.”
Since it was not a weight that a person could lift, two wizards moved the wreath with air magic.
As the surprised gaze followed, Syrone looked at the black ribbon hanging from the wreath.
A short text was written on it.
remembering
“It’s Fermi.”
Everyone was guessing.
“Who else would do something like that? what to do for a living I used to hate it, but now I miss it.”
“Where are you going to spend the money again? If that was pure gold, I think it would exceed 2 billion gold.”
Nade had heard of Fermi, but it was not yet time to speak to Sirone.
“Then, let’s begin Fishaw’s funeral.”
Sirone’s alumni were placed closest to the grave, and the coffin without the body was put in.
I wasn’t told why the body wasn’t there, but I thought it would be better if I didn’t.
“He was an excellent wizard and biologist. His sacrifice is forever in our hearts… …
The faces of the alumni were full of sadness, and some shed tears when the coffin was buried.
After the funeral, the aftertaste continued, but the officials could not wait any longer.
“Now, let’s announce it.”
The director of the Super Monster Research Institute appeared dragging a heavy iron box on a cart.
“This video recorder contains approximately 27 minutes of footage from Fisho.”
A heavy tension flowed.
“Currently, we have not been able to confirm the video either. Of course you won’t believe it… …
The officials nodded.
“The way to prove it will also be in this video,” Ficho said. I believe that the star in the ivory tower will prove our innocence if we check the video.”
All that was left was to decide with whom Sirone would check the video.
Seriel has arrived.
“Sirone, it’s important to humanity. I also have information that I know. I will cooperate as much as possible.”
Iruki and Dante also helped.
“Let us go in together. It’s not just out of curiosity, you know?”
Said Sirone, who was lost in thought.
“I’ll check first. There must be a reason why you handed over authority to me. Can’t we decide after that?”
That method was the most reasonable.
“Can I do that?” The warden nodded.
“All authority belongs to Sirone-sama.
Where would be a good place to check? A secret room with magic control or a “No. I’ll just do it close by. After all, I have to decide again after I see it.”
There was no one here who could break through Sirone’s ninth sense and access information.
“That would be nice.”
It was a building, 200 meters from the cemetery, where the caretakers had their lodgings for the night.
When the iron box was magically floated, the warden pointed to the building and said,
“Let’s go. I will open it inside the building.”
As Sirone entered the building with the warden, the remaining hundreds of people waited anxiously.
Time passed without a hitch.
“shit! what are you doing? A 27 minute video? More than 50 minutes have already passed.”
Someone pointed to a building.
“There it is!”
When Sirone moved slowly and arrived in front of the crowd, the sound of saliva dripping was heard.
Seriel asked.
“How are you, Sirone? Did you confirm Fishaw’s will?”
“huh. I saw them all.”
The warden conducted the final procedure.
“The late Ficho said that Sirone would release the video only to those who agreed. Now, please make a decision on the transfer of authority.”
Sirone thought carefully.
“I am??????
I couldn’t even hear the breath.
And finally, having made your decision, you raised your head and declared to the audience.
“I will not release the video to anyone.”
Ficho was right.

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-88.txt
=============YYYYY=============
[88] Group (4)
Anyone who has been in the magical world will be able to recognize that Alpheas is a human chosen by God. The problem was that they showed off their talents regardless of time and place.
Please enable JavaScript
Once there was an argument, it came to an end, and when the opponent made even a minor mistake, he persistently dug into it and drew recognition.
Only Klump knew that there was no malice in Alpheas’ actions. It is pure rather than arrogant. Passion is too much and people get tired of it.
In fact, Alpheas was the kind of person who would admit his mistakes without hesitation and congratulate his opponent on his victory.
The problem, however, was that this was rarely the case.
Alpheas walked around the table and mingled with people, as if waiting for beer was boring. Clump looked at him worriedly that he might have another accident, but shook his head as if he had no energy to stop it.
“Sarov! Did you come over for a drink in broad daylight?”
Sarov, whom Alpheas welcomed with open arms, was a native of the capital and was one of Alpheas’ few rivals. Although he loses in every argument, the prevailing opinion was that he would be the best prospect in the photon series, if not for Alpheas. Of course, Sarov’s feelings couldn’t be good, but Alfeas approached without hesitation.
“Oh right. Sarov, you submitted your thesis to the royal castle this time? I read it for a while, but it was very interesting.”
“what? Why are you looking at my thesis?”
“Isn’t it obvious? I’m also a photon major, and the royal librarian is my ardent follower. Well done anyway.”
“That, is it? How is it?”
Among the young wizards at the time, the highest value was to work in the Magic Department under the Dragon Lorry in recognition of their dissertation.
Once the thesis was accepted, there was no more honorable position for a wizard because it covered all the expenses for the research as well as the private laboratory.
Since it was Sarov who submitted his lifelong masterpiece a week ago, he couldn’t help but wonder what his rival, Alfeas, would think.
“You pointed out the characteristics of light well. It was spotless. The part about energy concentration honestly felt like a shot.”
Sarov’s expression immediately brightened. However, Alpheas did not just let it go this time.
“But there was one error. It’s the wave nature of light. That is plainly a false theory.”
“What are you talking about? That light is a wave has already been verified through experiments.”
“Yes, but I have a different opinion. If you look at the results of recent experiments, there are too many things that cannot be explained by waves alone. Maybe light is more like a particle.”
“joy! Alpheas, now that I can’t do it, are you even bringing up such gossip? Numerous critics have pointed out errors in the particulate experimentation process! If light is a particle, how can we explain a wave? Those two are completely different concepts!”
Whether light is a particle or a wave was the hottest issue in the era in which Alpheas lived. Although the wave theory was popular, a few scholars were constantly raising objections, and Alpheas was one of those people.
“Do you really believe the critics? I also saw the data that found the error in the particulate experiment process. But it’s not a scientific approach. Could that be the true error?”
Sarov, who was drunk, hit the table and stood up. I was suffering from insomnia because of my thesis, but Alfeas was fanning the house on fire.
“Okay! Who asked you to rate my thesis? If you’re really that confident, why don’t you write it down and see it! Have a good laugh at the world with that nonsense logic!”
“I am saying this out of concern. Even if it falls now, shouldn’t it be reinforced later? Isn’t it important to realize the facts, not the thesis?”
Sarov could not stand it any longer. In the end, what you want to say isn’t ‘you fell this time’?
“go away! I won’t even talk to you from now on!”
Alpheas licked his lips and returned to the table. He didn’t look particularly upset because he thought that arguing with a rival in the same major would be beneficial to both sides.
However, Klump was worried about Alfeas.
The first time we met was at Basuka’s inn. Clump also came to Seoul from Creas, so the students studying abroad were in harmony, and it had been a year since they went together like that.
To be honest, I had no luck. Even if you look at yourself as a prosecutor, but what about the wizards who are your rivals?
“Alpheas, what kind of chicken are you? If others can’t do it, you can just assume that’s the case. Why are you always trying to fix it?”
“Where are you sleeping as a man? What is wrong must be corrected. That is intelligence.”
“I am Do you know what people call you? Arrogant Alfeas. That’s your nickname these days.”
“ha ha ha! is that good? I like it even more than Mirhi’s bright, chicken-inducing nickname.”
Magic is a realm of talent, and Alpheas was endowed with talent to overflowing. No matter how hard he tried to hide it, humility was only a pretense to him who thought that talent shines in the end.
“This, too, is the destiny of a genius. now! Don’t worry too much, let’s have a drink. Hey Raphne. Pay close attention to the snacks. This fellow eats more than bears.”
“Ho-ho-ho! If Alpheas-nim wants it, I’ll give it as much as he wants!”
There was a lot of love in the eyes of Raphne, the bar waiter. Judging from the way she behaved, it seemed that this woman was also infatuated with Alfeas. Alfeas’ attitude toward all women like his lover made Klump’s bones throb.
It wasn’t even that I was in a serious relationship. There were also a lot of men who missed opportunities because they were grabbing hold of women by scratching the surface of watermelons. Even if it wasn’t limited to magic, Alpheas was a public enemy to the men here.
“Rafne-san now? Rather have a proper relationship. What the hell are you thinking?”
“Huh, as you know, I am everyone’s lover. And it’s not even about working. Everything melts in my murderous smile.”
Alpheas touched his chin and smiled. She was definitely a look that women would love madly.
Does laughing like that really work? Klump, who had no connection with women, raised the corner of her mouth as an experiment.
“how is it? If I do this, will I get a killer smile too?”
“Oh yes! Is that a real killer smile? killer smile. Fuhahaha!”
“wanna die?”
“ha ha ha! It’s a joke. Actually, it was pretty close. Make sure to wear that smile at the party later. Because women will fall in love with it.”
“party? Do I have to go there too? I’m not even a wizard.”
Tonight, the Bastard family is holding a party with the theme of Young Wizards’ Night. Although the family had no special relationship with magic, at the time, holding a party under the name of each star was one of the ways to establish the authority of the nobility.
“Is there a way to ask only wizards to come? Everyone from all walks of life will gather, so make some connections. Skills are skills, but connections are also important.”
“It’s kind of funny that those words come out of your mouth.”
“What can I do? First of all, you have to go up high to spread your meaning. Anyway, I beg you to follow me. Do you know if you will find your other half there?”
Clump, who was filled with a desire for the sword, was not interested in personal connections. But at his last words, he couldn’t help but hum.
As Alpheas said, who knows? Will a country prosecutor from the countryside fall in love with a sophisticated city girl?
Clump cleared his throat as if he had suddenly caught a cold.
“Hmmmm! So, where should we go to see?”
* * *
The mansion of Bastard, one of the wealthiest families in the capital, was splendid and splendid, as if it had crossed the borderline of the law that no nobleman’s building should be more luxurious than the royal castle.
300 crystal chandeliers adorned the ceiling of the hall, and tables decorated with gold leaf on marble were generously served with delicacies from all over the world.
To the music of the musicians, nobles danced with their partners, while elderly politicians chatted over wine.
“hello? It’s called Ogent Klump. Did you come alone?”
“Kyaaak!”
Upon seeing Klump, the woman screamed and ran away. How can I not be surprised when a man who looks like a cow thief is wearing a perverted smile? It was literally a killer smile. Klumph froze as if in shock, and Alfeas burst into laughter as he approached and patted his back.
“Puhahaha! Are you really saying that? Oh, it’s a boat.”
“shit! I am an idiot for believing what you said. Anyway, where are you coming from now?”
“Beautiful women talk so much. I came from the other side to talk to you.”
Clump looked at the direction Alpheas pointed. City women of sophistication were glancing at Alfeas, blushing at her.
“Damn it. I think the back of you is more handsome than the front of me. Everyone is looking at you.”
“haha! Never mind. Aren’t they all like that? Since we’re here, let’s eat until we’re full.”
There were many delicacies that could not be seen in the countryside, so it was a car that Klump had been waiting for. Alfeas burst out laughing as he headed to the table thinking that he had to fill his stomach as much as he could without noticing that the women had already become a loner. I liked this simple but positive friend.
While Clump gobbled up the food, Alfeas was sweating dealing with the nobles who came every five minutes. Especially when he personally visited the head of the Bastard family, all the nobles looked at Alfeas.
“Nice to meet you. You are the rising god, Alfeas.”
“I am honored to have recognized you. What a party. Thank you for inviting me to this event.”
“Chuck! It is my pleasure to associate with young intellects. See you often in the future.”
“yes. If you call me, I will gladly attend.”
“okay. Then have fun.”
The conversation was short, but the fact that the head of the Bastard family had more than two words with a wizard who was just starting his social life was a great sign of goodwill.
Alpheas, who turned around in satisfaction, made an absurd expression when he saw Klump frantically stuffing meat into his mouth. It was clear that he was quenching his uncontrollable blood with food.
“Isn’t your chin tired? Where does all that food go?”
Klump munched the meat and pointed at his biceps. Alfeas shook his head and turned around. She felt the stares of many women, but she was bored with him. His lips were purring and he was checking to see if anything interesting was happening when a woman from across the hall caught his eye running between tables.
“huh?”
The first thing that comes to mind is that wizards are definitely not. It was a simple dress, not a gypsy-style outfit, and above all, she refused to wear short hair, a symbol of intelligence, and wore her black hair down to her waist. Seeing them running around with a plate in one hand and a fork in the other, it didn’t match the atmosphere of this place, which emphasizes formality and dignity.
“what? that person Aren’t you the eldest daughter of the head of the family?”
Alpheas, who was intrigued by Clump’s words, asked without taking his eyes off the woman and only slightly turned his head.
“The eldest daughter of the family head?”
“Did you come to the party without knowing that? After all, he’s a guy who can’t be found polite.”
“I don’t know. Okay, so please explain.”
“My name is Bastard Erina. She is 19 years old this year. It can be said that it is the only trouble of the Bastard family.”
“Troublesome? Haha, is it because you have a tomboyish personality?”
“no. A little less intelligent.”
Only then did Alpheas look back at Clump. Perhaps it is true. This bear-like friend I met in Baska wasn’t the type to crack jokes.
—————————————

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-880.txt
=============YYYYY=============
Biology Program (3)
“What are you talking about!”
Foreign officials shouted with one voice.
“I can’t reveal it! Do you even know what kind of business this is? Ivory Tower If you’re thinking of monopolizing this information… …
“I know what the matter is.”
Sirone stopped talking.
“That’s why I can’t reveal it any more.”
The footage of Fisho that Sirone checked was neither confidential nor mysterious.
Why can’t we talk… … .
‘Because it’s the truth.’
The truth that Fisho gave at the cost of his own body.
Someone gets closer to the truth through enlightenment, but sometimes the truth is harsh.
“There is no turnaround. And already the video recording device has been destroyed. I will review it in the Ivory Tower and announce it.”
Dante raised his hand.
“Wait, reexamination in the ivory tower? Does that mean you will ignore the state side?”
“I am not ignoring it. If it’s just talking, I can clarify it right here. However, considering the ripple effect, it is not at a level that the kingdom unit can handle.”
Seriel roughly guessed it, but as expected, the question could not be answered without direct hearing.
“Can you at least tell me what it is about? We have our own information.”
“Sorry. Give me time to think.”
While Seriel put on a dissatisfied expression, Iruki calmly nodded.
‘I’ll have to ask later.’ Not being able to disclose it is just political rhetoric in front of a large number of people.
‘If you can report to the ivory tower, you can tell me too.’
I thought there was that level of trust.
“I can’t admit it!”
The official shouted in anger.
“I didn’t come all the way here just to hear that! You will be condemned by the whole world!”
“I never asked you to come.”
Sirone glared at the official fiercely.
“Also, it doesn’t matter what response each kingdom takes, but I’d like to tell them not to.”
“Whoa!”
The ivory tower is always right.
Not because they are actually right, but because only they can stick to their ideas.
“Let’s go back! You wasted your time!”
An official from the Mael Kingdom turned around first, followed by other officials.
In the meantime, the conversation did not stop.
“Are you really going to back down like this? We also have a stake in the temple. We have to sue on a national level.”
“You won’t be able to win. I have no choice but to engage in espionage. After all, there are no perfect secrets in the world.”
Sirone said as the officials left.
“done. Let’s go get something to eat.”
The teachers and students of Alpheas School of Magic took their seats at the pre-booked restaurant.
It was a welcome place, so it was noisy, but some people were deep in thought.
With those leaving and those remaining remaining, Iruki approached Shirone.
“Let me see you for a second.” Seeing Shirone following Iruki, Seriel was troubled.
‘I have to follow.’
The idea was like a chimney, but the conditions had to be met.
‘A person who absolutely needs information. And the reliability to hand over that information.’
The reason why Amy remained would be the former, but Seriel couldn’t satisfy the latter.
‘You won’t want me to come.’ Dante also seemed to have the same thought, and Ned moved her steps while he was guarding his seat.
“I have to go too.”
Liz dried up.
“Just stay here. If you want to follow me, you have to meet two qualifications.”
“I know what it is.”
If you’re a wizard, there’s no way you wouldn’t know.
“But why are you going? You don’t have to know.”
said Nade, turning to Liz.
“Because I’m curious.” “don’t worry. What matters is reliability. All you have to do is listen and keep your mouth shut.”
“Me too?”
Nade blinked.
“Are you not going to tell me either? Are you really sure?”
“Uh, that… … you won’t ask yes?”
Liz gritted her teeth.
“Just stay still.”
Nade licked his lips and returned to his seat.
Shirone and Iruki entered the forest near the graveyard and sat down on a rock.
“What happened?”
Although she perfectly understood Iruki’s question, Shirone just smiled.
“Fisho’s video, what was recorded? Are you saying you can’t tell me too?”
“okay. Sorry,”
After watching Iruki’s reaction for a while, Shirone changed her expression and smiled.
“It’s a joke.”
“I know. It was so boring.”
The Spirit Zone unfolded.
Since Shirone’s spirit was the strongest barrier, Iruki asked comfortably.
“What?”
Shirone moved to the seat next to Iruki and said.
“The truth of this world.” 3 hours ago from now.
The warden who installed the video recording device made a final check before leaving the building.
“It is done. Are you really okay with coming here?”
“Yes, enough.”
When the warden left, Sirone created a new wall with the ability of Material.
It was a closed room with no air.
‘Fisho.’
After making a small chair, the video recording device was activated and the recorded video was turned on.
“Sirone.”
Fisho was there.
Of course, it wasn’t the school days that Sirone remembered.
‘What if… …
The mutation had already progressed considerably, and only half of the face was recognizable.
“Sorry to startle you. I didn’t have time. Because I have one more problem to solve. do you understand?”
Sirone nodded.
“I will speak briefly. First of all, the reason why I gave you the right to read the video is not because you are Oh Dae-sung or because you are my alumni. It is because you are Hexy.”
The left side of Fisho wriggled.
“Humankind has uncovered many things. I know roughly how the world works. But there are still unanswered questions. Where the hell are we?”
Why do we exist?
“In fact, it is a very strange thing that something exists. Because once something exists, it means there is a cause.”
who made the universe
“Alien creature Argones. Parasites eating into my body. This speaks to me.”
Fisho pointed to the wriggling part.
“There is no such thing as space in the first place. That’s why we don’t exist either. From the beginning, there has never been an event where something existed somewhere. Sirone, it’s just nothing.” “There was nothing in the first place, nothing happened, and it still is. There is no such thing as ‘existence’.”
“Then why… … ?”
Fisho on the screen answered.
“But why are we here? Why do you feel like there is a universe? It is an error caused by not fully understanding the concept of nothingness.”
Sirone shut his mouth.
“there’s nothing. There really is nothing. You’re just assuming there’s something. who the hell Where is the subject of the illusion? It doesn’t even exist. That’s it, Sirone.”
Fisho raised his hand with difficulty.
“In order to explain nothingness, the concept of existence must be borrowed in some way. It’s wrong from there. Time, space, illusions. If you move the pencil on the desk to another place, does the seat on the desk become nothing? Absolutely not. Even the thought of moving something to another place is valid. Humans really can’t imagine that there is nothing. To know that the limits of our access are unimaginable. That’s it.”
Sirone imagined nothing.
A state of perfect nothingness could be imagined through a logical and conceptual combination, but it is actually nothing.
‘To truly imagine… …
Because you shouldn’t even be able to imagine, it’s because imagination is impossible in the first place.
“I call this infinite nothingness.”
Fishaw smiled shyly.
“It’s a concept that doesn’t even come close, but since we’re human, we named it. Anyway, Sirone, if you believe me, you should know by now.”
Fisho’s eyes changed.
“There is nothing, only illusions. It’s not contradictory. Even the fact that you are mistaken at this moment is an illusion. it just doesn’t exist You need to know that there is no.”
Fisho’s shoulders wriggled even more wildly.
“Everything is in that illusion.”
Just as humans cannot conceive of nothing, they could not conceive of the existence of everything.
“Everything is a difference of perspective. The difference in perspective on nothingness separates good from evil, emptiness from children, and countless things. Actually nothing. Even so, I deliver this video to you, not you
The reason is……
Fishaw’s shoulder exploded with a bang.
“It is said that misunderstanding is free.”
Sirone caught a bitter smile in his eyes.
“For the report on Argones, you can look at the report from the Super Monster Research Institute. the problem is… … That this guy knows too much. By human standards, of course. And for some reason, it seems to be on a mission to obliterate any creature that has access to this secret.”
If the video was publicized, Argones would wipe out all of humanity.
“I don’t have time. I’m suppressing it with drugs, but I’ll wake up sooner or later. Sirone, you must choose. Will all mankind fight, or will you fight alone?”
As Fisho’s mutation sped up, his head snapped to the side.
‘damn… …
It was heartbreaking that I couldn’t help.
“Argones is the source of all life. But you are different. He is free from his dominion.”
Because it’s hexa.
“It doesn’t matter if it’s infinite or infinite. Even if it’s an illusion, it’s the world I was in. so… …
“Fisho!”
As Ficho’s eyes rolled upward, Sirone ran to the video.
“You sure… … told Shiro yes… …
Finally, Fisho’s neck snapped completely, and the mutated cells stretched out.
“Huh! Whoa!”
Sirone grabbed the video and shed tears.
“no. no… …
Why was there no body in the coffin?
When the host died, the cells were rapidly dissolving and spreading like porridge.
“ha.”
Sirone, who went back to her seat weakly, fell into deep thought with her head bowed.
‘Why is that important?’
Fichot’s message was revealing the truth of the world, but nothing seemed to change anyway.
“Why is Argones trying to obliterate humans who have access to this secret?” The key to the outside world.
‘infinite. An infinite wizard.’
Can’t imagine a state of nothing?
A terrifying feeling was transmitted to Sirone, who had not made any further progress since reaching his ninth sense.
‘wait for a sec… … Maybe this… …
The flickering screen was reflected in the retinas of Sirone, who rested her chin on her chin.
You hurriedly raised your head.
“what?”
In the unfinished video, Fisho’s cells, which had turned into slime, began to wriggle.
As if they were alive, their activity increased and the surface bulged up.
‘Are there still more videos?’
And finally, slime in the form of a person walked in front of the screen, dripping thin liquid. The place where the mouth was supposed to be opened wide, and the voice leaked out as it was torn open.
“Poetry……ro……yes……
It was the father of creatures, Argones.

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-881.txt
=============YYYYY=============
Biology Program (4)
“It’s old.”
Argo Ness, who was staring at the screen, sat on Fisho’s chair and crossed his legs.
It was clearly an event in a different time period, but Sirone felt as if he was right in front of him.
“Do you know me?”
That’s why I asked, and to my surprise, I heard an answer.
“of course. Because I am a fisho.”
Argoneth’s slime flowed rapidly over the surface and turned into the body of a fisho.
“He is also your father.”
The skin thinned again, and immediately changed into the face of Vincent, Cirone’s father.
“I am your woman too.”
This time it was Amy.
Argones laughed.
“No, was it this?”
The people I had met so far quickly appeared as if a video was running.
Sirone said.
“But not me.”
so it’s not true
As if hearing it, Argones raised the corners of his mouth as he regained his original form.
“Hexa. A protocol that is out of the biological world. Certainly I can’t control you but… …
Argones kicked off the chair and came running, holding on to the video recorder and poking his face.
“It does not mean that it cannot be extinguished.”
Sirone’s eyes widened.
In the still-vibrating screen, Argones’s face was quickly pushed out.
‘no.’
Argones, which permeated the video recording device, proliferated again and came out.
The synchro was perfectly aligned, creating an optical illusion as if time had passed.
“Isn’t it?”
As Argones hung his arm and swung it like a stick, Sirone cast an instant movement.
When I stuck to the wall and looked up, Argones’ arm was hardened like a blade.
“No need to be surprised. I just checked what kind of signals Hexa’s protocol receives.”
There was no way for Argones to escape from the space sealed by the material barrier.
“Breaking the barriers of cognition expands the unit of time. Certainly unique for a human being.”
It seemed that he had already guessed that he had turned back time through his sense of time.
“… … What do you want?”
Argones shook his head.
“I don’t want anything. You know what I mean? The reason asteroids collide is not because I hate this planet. just bumped into Living things also have their own inertia. Instinct.”
Argones permeated all the way to the floor and pulled his upper body back from the ceiling.
“All the desires of that creature. The exact combination of those desires forms the world. My host seemed to know.”
Fisho was an insect wizard who studied the ecosystem in his head.
“It was a fruitful conversation, but he chose heresy. The secrets of the world must not be revealed. It must perish.”
“With what qualifications?”
“I still don’t understand. Extinction is also the desire of creatures. It’s not because you deserve it. Cells annihilate themselves when there is danger to the system. The same goes for Fisho.”
“Apoptosis.”
If Ankera prevented the destruction of the natural world, Argones seemed to prevent the destruction of the biological world.
“All the natures of living things begin with me. And the farther you get away from me, the more the biosphere collapses. Therefore, you and me, Havitz and Miro, are all dangerous elements.”
It was unexpected that Havits, the incarnation of desire, was a danger to Argones.
“When it is achieved as one, the point of view disappears. Extremes are dangerous. I don’t know who will win, but I’d rather no one win. Only a complex world full of doubts will be safe for you.”
“What if someone wins?”
“Apoptosis.”
When the planet was set as the unit of information dissemination, it meant that all living things would be annihilated.
Sirone said.
“The guffin has left the photon field.”
With a snap, Argones’ body broke off and landed flexibly on the floor.
And there were no words.
“Gaiain has transcended you and transcended Anchera. As long as we have that faith, we will not give up.”
“You think I’m a villain.” Argones’ body began to disintegrate softly when he placed his hand on the video recorder.
“Well, that is your limit. trust? You won’t understand a guffin with just that.”
“what do you mean?”
Slime seeped into the video recording device.
“You’d better think about why the Gaians left humanity behind. Guffin is gone, but the fight isn’t over yet.”
Argones’s finger, which had absorbed most of his body, pointed at Sirone.
“Save yourself.”
The last voice leaked out.
“It’s a Guffin word.”
Just as he was holding Argones’ message in his head, the video recording device was grotesquely twisted.
There was a bang, an explosion inside, and the smell of burning cellular matter.
Sirone, who had silently watched the scene where nothing was left, removed the material barrier.
And I was in trouble about how to deal with the will left by Fishaw.
When she made her decision and turned around, there was a firm determination in Sirone’s eyes.
“That’s how it happened.”
When Sirone finished talking about Fisho’s will, Iruki stroked his chin.
“Hmm, no one should win.”
It was a story that could not be overlooked from the standpoint of a human being who is in confrontation with atrocities.
“Is it surprising that you are included? You said you swallowed the dream of Ang Kera. So, did Ra and Argones become enemies?”
“I said there was no Pia. It’s just to suppress the phenomenon of crossing the line according to the standard. Rado and Argones too.”
Iruki nodded.
“I’m embarrassed. We should be prepared, but the information will spread quickly. I understand how you feel.”
“It can be revealed or not revealed. I’m going to go to the ivory tower and ask Taeseong. Taeseong would be able to make a more accurate judgment.”
While everyone was lost in their thoughts, Sirone asked.
“What are you going to do next?”
“Nothing will change. Havitz’s army is right in front of us, so we have to stop it. I don’t know if I can.”
Rather, Iruki comforted Sirone.
“I will leave Argones’ problems to you. Never mind the kingdom. Because it’s what we have to do.”
“… … save yourself.”
The two looked up at the sky side by side.
In front of Fishaw’s grave, where people left, Cayden put down a chrysanthemum flower.
“Were you satisfied with your life?”
He deliberately arrived late because he didn’t want to get involved with his classmates, but there was someone who had the same idea.
“It’s late.”
When I turned my head, Eden was standing with his back to the sun.
“Are you here too?”
“You should come. Because we are friends.”
Cayden, Eden, and Fisho once fought as a team in Scrumble Royale.
Cayden stood up slowly.
“I heard you were in Zion.”
“The psychic realm was closed and monks were dispatched all over the world. I stopped by briefly before supporting the Central Continent War.”
“okay. Good luck.”
Eden asked as Cayden turned and walked away.
“What are you thinking of doing?”
”……what?”
“Are you not going to fight? You were born with the fate of the Red Cross. It’s an opportunity to show off your skills.”
Humanity needed Cayden.
“I don’t believe in fate.” I honestly don’t know.
“I am not a seeker. Not even a priest like you. why do i have to fight For whom?”
Eden came up with a number of reasons.
But the only reason I couldn’t name was ‘for yourself’.
Because if Cayden becomes the hero who saved the world, it means his misfortune.
“Yes, it is something I cannot force. live well anyway Contact me if you change your mind.”
Cayden, who did not move for a moment, finally moved on without answering.
At that time, Alpheas Magic School alumni walked in groups of threes and threes from the entrance of the tombstone.
familiar face.
I could see Shirone, Iruki, and Amy, and Screamer and Maya were walking behind them.
The thought stopped as if time had stopped, but only the heart beat rapidly.
Screamer begged Maya.
“Hey, stop doing that and come to my game. It would be better if they even performed.”
“show?”
After thinking for a while, Maya shook her head.
“no.”
“you… … Do you still hate me?”
“It’s not that I hate it, but it’s not particularly good either. Honestly, it was you who hated me, right?”
“I’m sorry. I’m regretting it too. And you won too? It’s unfair to think about it.”
Amy pointed forward.
“uh? Isn’t that kayden? There is also Eden.”
With Cayden still frozen, Eden ran over and waved.
“hi? long time no see.”
While Eden was talking to Sirone, Screamer approached Cayden.
“hey? What are you doing?”
Cayden seemed to have lost his soul.
“Where are you looking?”
Screamer walked behind Cayden’s back and matched their gazes, but couldn’t see anything.
‘ Maya.’
Cayden was trembling.
The fact that he realized the moment he saw her was the enormity of the harsh fate he had to face.
‘It’s Kayden.’
For a moment, Maya’s heart fluttered, but she hurriedly came to her senses and shook her head.
‘No, it’s fine now.’
Since he had decided to shoulder the price of loving Sirone, there was no need to ask about the graduation exam.
“Hey, say something! what’s the matter?”
Amy, knowing why Caden was stiff, sighed and pulled him by the hand.
Cayden, who took a step as if he was about to fall, finally came to his senses and looked around.
“ah??????
Maya looked at her and smiled.
“What are you doing? I should say hello.”
As Amy coached in frustration, Caden approached with an awkward gait.
“No, hello… …
“Yeah, it’s been a really long time. Is it the first time you saw it during the graduation exam? how have you been doing?”
When there was no answer, Maya tilted her head.
“What’s wrong, Caden? Where is it not good?” Cayden put Maya on the shoulder and everyone stopped talking and looked at them.
“Mr. Maya.”
Amy’s face turned dark.
‘That’s not it, you idiot.’
Right now, Kayden’s only thought was that he had to confess his love.
‘Destroy my destiny.’
Cayden tilted his face in silence and brought his lips close to Maya’s.
“……uh’?”
At that time, when the eyes of the alumni widened, Maya hated it and pushed Kayden away.
“what are you doing! Like a pervert!” Amy touched her forehead, and Kayden backed away from her, looking at her friends.
“sorry.”
Caden, ignoring all the glares and lowering his head to Maya, moved on.
“Why is he like that? It was strange before, but now it seems that the taste has completely gone?”
said Amy.
“You just don’t know. I’ve never done anything I wanted before.”
When Cayden yearns for something, the results always turn out to be the worst.
‘But if it’s the other way around… …
If she gave up that fervent prayer herself, it would at least transcend Amy’s imagination.
‘It’s a shame.’
Just when I was thinking like a soldier, Alpheas and Olivia walked by.
“You haven’t gone yet.”
“principal.”
After talking with Eden, Sirone approached Al Peas.
“There was something I wanted to ask you before. What happened to Miss Etella?”
“Why is no one talking? Could it be that something bad has happened?”
“Romi Ethella… …
Alpheas said with sad eyes.
“I lost my mind.”

=============ZZZZZ=============
