=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-772.txt
=============YYYYY=============
[772] The question of the ball (2)
* * *
While Sirone was having a conversation with Taeseong, Minerva listed 〈Slaughter〉 on the Ivory Tower.
Araka of the Ministry of Internal Affairs handed over the documents.
“Whatever the consequences of ‘Slaughter’ in the future, the Ivory Tower will accept it as ‘right.’”
“great job.”
“I just hope that it will be put to good use. Well, if it’s Saint Sirone, you don’t have to worry.”
“Aha, is this different from me?”
Araka responded with a smile.
“You look very bright.”
Even before Sirone came, Minerva’s face upon returning from her mission was colder than the countless corpses she had spawned.
“is it?”
<Defense> is indestructible.
Of course, it does not have the durability of an absolute concept like Lian’s weapon <Idea>.
‘A dagger that anyone can break with just a hammer.’
However, in the end <Slaughter> is reborn according to the laws of this world and ends up in someone’s hands.
‘Crystal of intent to kill.’
It was a chain reaction of endless deaths.
“Since it’s Sirone, it’s multiple types, right?”
As if reading his thoughts, Minerva turned and shook the file.
“thank you. I’ll pay you back later.”
Araka looked at her as she walked away.
‘Yes, the world will never forgive you.’
Because she is a great witch at the peak of evil.
‘So at least forgive yourself, even you. Wouldn’t that be enough to survive?’
There is no one who wishes her happiness, who drove mankind to the brink of destruction.
I hope it doesn’t hurt too much.
Araka thought.
“We’ve taken care of <Slaughter>, and it will take some time before Terraforce’s verdict comes out… … .”
As Minerva walked away, organizing her thoughts, a gray matter brain came swimming through the air.
“Brain, are you still in the ivory tower?”
The brain of an unknown person.
Even Minerva, the leader of the Human Security Enforcement Department, could not tell who the brain belonged to.
I’m just guessing with a few assumptions.
“what’s the matter? It looks like you’ve been waiting for me.”
“… … .”
Sensing that she was looking for a quiet place, Minerva took the brain and went into her room.
When the brain flew into the chair and cast an illusion spell, a handsome man sat cross-legged before he knew it.
“what? What service is this?”
“Don’t you like it?”
It was a sweet voice that melted women’s hearts, but Minerva’s eyes were narrower than before.
‘First assumption here.’
Even if you can use magic, your brain is just your brain.
‘Can’t hear, can’t see.’
Why can a brain without sensory organs respond accurately to surrounding stimuli?
‘There is only one possibility.’
It meant that the senses of the brain were using the 10th level, the infinite, and if so, it was possible to deduce what the brain contained.
‘The Akashic Records.’
In Minerva’s opinion, there are two ways to withstand the reset triggered by statelessness.
‘One is hexa.’
A new signal from outside the system.
‘And another… … .’
Copying the Akashic Records and backing them up to a new storage institution.
‘It’s not Ankera.’
The Akashic Record of the brain is different from the current Akashic Record, and may be early information.
‘Now it’s time for a major purification.’
As three resets were performed, much information was erased and no one can remember it.
However, someone felt the need to preserve the original information to resist the reset.
‘What did you want to leave behind?’
Conversely, what event lost the most information through the three resets?
‘History of Heaven.’
Gaia, the first human who fought against Anchera.
‘Therefore, there is a very high probability that the owner of this brain… … .’
You will become a Gaian.
Although Gaia no longer exists in the universe as the guffin leaves the photon system for the last time.
‘The history of fighting against the whole is left behind.’
through the mindless brain.
“Nothing… … .”
Minerva laughed nonchalantly.
“Isn’t that my style? You don’t seem to know women very well.”
“is that so?”
As the brain developed the illusion magic at high speed, countless characters, regardless of gender or age, ran like a roulette wheel.
The last one to stop was Sirone.
“Has the prank increased?”
The reason Brain entered Minerva’s department was to enforce human safety.
“I know you decided to erase me, right?”
“Whoa, you seem quite hateful? No, what you really hate is the anke line that I have for you?”
The brain did not go over to the judo newspaper.
“You don’t have to entrust everything to Hexa.”
Maybe it was the only word in the brain that had Guffin’s information backed up, so I couldn’t pass it up.
“I know. Does something like you exist in my head? It’s not that easy.”
“I heard you met people playing card games.”
“I saw the possibility of ending the game. But betting money on gambling is different from reality. Good and evil, you have to give a huge shock to either side to break the balance.”
“So, help Ae to defeat evil?”
“Then, shall we help Gong Gong and strike a line? It is the most rational of the number of possible choices available to mankind.”
“Do you think it will be possible with <Slaughter>?”
Minerva shut her mouth.
“Evil is not something that can be overcome with rational judgment. Even if we change the law… … .”
“I know. I mean you’re looking for a way First of all, we have to wait and see what kind of judgment will be received on Sirone’s apostasy.”
Minerva muttered, resting her chin on her chin and thinking.
“It would be nice if something happened.”
* * *
East Jungcheon-dong.
It was incorporated into the Jincheon Empire, but it was a legal holy place that even the empire could not touch.
The tens of thousands of peaks that rose through the clouds were once a place for those who became members of the family of the law to cultivate their hearts.
Monk’s Mountains by name.
However, now that the monks of Jungcheon-dong have left for Zion, what remains are the petit bourgeois who live in the fields… … .
“Hahaha! human! human!”
It was the demons who slaughtered them.
“Evacuate the civilians!”
The army of the Jincheon Empire responded quickly, but the number of demons who occupied Jungcheon-dong reached 400,000.
‘Jingle jingle guys.’
Although Jincheon competes for the first and second place in the world in terms of population, the limit of troops defending Jungcheon-dong is only 20,000.
“Stop! Fight for your life!”
The monk left, but if the Holy Land of the Law was captured by the demons, humanity’s morale would drop dramatically.
“Kuaaaaa!”
The imperial army could not even take advantage of the defensive advantage in the offensive of the demons pushing in like a river.
Gartas, commander of the 7th division of the 4th Corps of the Army of Hell, was a monster with sharp needles piercing his skin.
“you idiot! That’s the only thing that bothers me!”
The hungry ghost who was cutting human limbs shuddered at Gartas’s words.
“I’m sorry!”
When he tried to strike the dead body again, Gartas pierced the body with his spiked feet and threw it away.
“Aaaaaaa!”
“No imagination! at least… … !”
Grabbing the soldier’s head and pressing it to the ground, he rubbed it at a tremendous speed as if sharpening an eraser.
“This is what I mean!”
The eyes of Park Ki, the commander of the Imperial Army, who had been watching the gruesome scene from afar, returned.
“You bastard! What do you think of humans!”
Gartas’ eyes shone terrifyingly at the sight of Bakgi riding down the hill on horseback.
“It’s a nice toy.”
“Even if I die, I will take your neck!”
Bak-ki’s skill, which had mastered physical art up to 4 stars, was amazing, and dozens of matches were made in an instant.
“It’s over!”
His spear pierced his neck.
“Hey, how are you feeling?”
Gartas walked forward and embraced the horse and hit at the same time with his huge body.
Kihee Ain!
At the same time as Turejil, the horse died instantly from the shock, and numerous thorns pierced through the armor.
“Keugh!”
“how is it? Doesn’t it feel great?”
Piercing the body with thorns so thin that one could not die was a typical form of torture regardless of country.
“like this. like this. like this.”
The pain intensified every time he moved his body, and in the end he had no choice but to scream, giving up on the beat.
“Are you happy?”
I turned my head in the direction of the voice and saw a man with a tattoo on his face standing there with a sad expression on his face.
“Cheak!”
Gartas, who had pulled out and dropped the sword, distorted his arrogance and turned his whole body upside down.
“Buddha… … .”
If Yahweh is an object of hatred, Buddha is an object of fear.
“What makes you so happy?”
Behind Nane, Shura was slaughtering countless demons with the power of Gestalt.
“Why are you here? Wasn’t it the altar you liberated? To awaken fear in humans.”
Nane came here looking for the Guffin’s door.
“So we have a reason to fight… … .”
“Sermon. pain.”
At the same time as the words fell, a purple sword protruded and pierced Gartas’ stomach.
“Quaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!”
Gartas, who opened his eyes wide enough to let his eyeballs come out, knelt down holding onto his stomach.
“it hurts! It hurts!”
“okay. That is the pain.”
Even in his distant consciousness, Park Ki couldn’t believe the situation in which Nane had subdued the division commander with a single blow.
‘Is this Buddha… … .’
As Nane moved, Gartas was startled.
“Why are you doing this to me? You did what you wanted! No, you did!”
“what I want?”
“Kuaaaaa!”
As the sword stuck in the pit of the stomach vibrated, pain filled his entire body to the point of dispersing demons.
“stop! Please stop… … !”
“Listen carefully, henchmen of hell.”
When Nane touched the top of Gartas’ head with the tips of her five fingers, her head stiffened.
“If you guys didn’t exist, no, at least if you guys could do penance… … .”
Nane’s face crumpled with sadness.
“There is no reason for me to close the world.”
“no! rather kill me… … !”
“Destroy.”
When the sermon was uttered, Gartas’ body exploded into the eternal world of nothingness.
The demons, realizing the appearance of the Buddha, scattered in all directions, and Shura, who had finished the battle, approached.
“I am still breathing.”
Parkgi raised his head with difficulty.
“Buddha… …
I brought my face to you as if you wanted to hear me.
“If I die… … How are you doing? Is there really nothing after death?”
“It will wake you up.”
Nane’s hand touched Bakgi’s chest.
“It is only a dream. So don’t be afraid Once you open your eyes, you will remember this moment and laugh.”
“… … is that so?”
The corner of his mouth, which was trembling with pain, went up.
“I hope you wake up soon.”
He closed his eyes with the most comfortable expression in the world, and he probably wouldn’t fall into hell.
Nane, who put her palms together and prayed for peace, lifted her eyelids and looked around.
The scenery of phosphates with corpses resembled those seen in hell in the other world.
“There are no more survivors.”
Shura thought this would be comforting.
“Is it a good thing?”
But I asked again.
“Uh, of course war is terrible. Because countless lives are suffering and precious people are disappearing.”
Nane grabbed my chest.
“ah.”
His mouth opened involuntarily, and a scream erupted from the depths of his chest.
“Aaaaa! Aaaaa! Aaaaa!”
Jungcheon-dong was shaken by the vibration of the sermon, and Shura, unable to fathom the meaning, just shook her shoulders.
“My heart hurts.”
When I thought of the pain of beings who had fallen into the world of demons, it felt like my heart was torn into a thousand or ten thousand.
“Even though it hurts like this, I… … .”
Nane looked back at Shura with a sad expression.
“I can’t hold back my tears.”
The irony of emptiness.
That’s how I was wondering.
—————————————

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-773.txt
=============YYYYY=============
[773] The question of the ball (3)
* * *
Beneath the Kaidra, a mysterious bird that straddles the Pacific Ocean, numerous starlights reflecting the sun overflowed.
Zulu, seated in the c*ckpit, led the way, with Kangnan and Gaold sitting opposite each other on a hollowed-out spine.
Breaking the long silence, Kang Nan opened his mouth.
“Don’t be too disappointed.”
Zulu gently turned his head away, but Gaold just closed his eyes and meditated.
Kang Nan, who gave up clumsy consolation, revealed his true heart.
“No, they are monks if they are monks, so does it make sense that they reject us?”
I stopped by Zion, but the answer that came back was inaccessible, and in the end I had no choice but to turn around without even seeing Miro’s face.
“If the balance of the law is so, then it is unavoidable.”
“Hmm, then what about Armin-san or Kuan-san? Even Zion needs an armed force.”
If it was the skills of Gaold and the others, they should have been welcomed in Zion with open arms.
‘That’s why I don’t understand it any more.’
Armin covered it up by saying that Miro was out of town, but in the end it couldn’t have happened without her instructions.
“It’s not about balance.”
When Gaold opened his eyes, Kang Nan asked.
“Then what is it?”
“It’s because it’s awkward to meet me.”
Gangnan’s eyes narrowed.
“Are you kidding me? No matter how much he was cut, the former president of the Tormia Magic Association was barred from his doorstep?”
Gaold looked back at the wide sea.
“It’s hard to see your face. It was roasted and fried like that in heaven. Besides, I owe you a debt.”
“What do you mean?”
Zulu said.
“Miro asked Gauld to sleep.”
Gangnan’s head turned back as if it would break.
“yes? When the hell?”
“When you were taken across the drawbridge. The two had a great fight. The labyrinth of the world was also emotional back then.”
It was a life saved by Kang Nan.
“That, so… … .”
“I didn’t. Gaold went to rescue you, and Miro said he would sleep when he returned intact. And now… … .”
Gaold is back.
“Wait a minute, does that make sense? Why would humanity’s greatest seeker reject us for just that?”
Zulu shrugged.
“Because it is true that Miro avoids Gaold whether it is coincidence or not. Unless… … .”
Gangnan looked at Gaold.
‘As expected, even now, Mr. Miro… … .’
Hell or reality, to Gaold, it’s just the same world, full of terrible suffering.
Even so, the reason for returning was because Miro lived here.
* * *
Nane and Shura climbed the highest peak of Jungcheon-dong in the east, hidden from view by clouds.
‘There… … .’
There is a guffin’s door.
‘Raise the army of heaven and end the war.’
Terraforce protects the order of the universe, but it is also part of the system created by Ankera’s intention.
If Nane directly leads the angels to attack humanity, even Terraforce has no reason to interfere.
‘Ra is everything.’
After Veron’s death, the Eternal community has been moving independently, but Heaven’s army is still strong.
‘Maybe this is the last.’
Feeling the end of the world approaching, Shura recalled Veron’s will just before he died.
– Live.
‘well. Is there anything eternal in the world?’
Eternity is necessarily unattainable, so it is a realm of faith that is not true.
Shura can’t understand faith.
‘Anyway, I’ll think about it a little more.’
Resentful of Veron who left after giving her difficult homework, she arrived at a shrine with 12 gateways.
At the end of the gateway, I saw a cave with a mysterious energy, and Nane lit a light and went inside.
“Guffin’s Gate.”
A huge iron ball engraved with henna floated on the ceiling as high as the top of the peak.
“Open, the gates of heaven.”
As Nane’s sermon was invoked, the iron-colored sword soared vertically and was deeply embedded in the iron ball.
As the iron ball split into fragments, a black sphere was born and absorbed the iron pieces.
“Let’s go, to heaven.”
The cave shook violently.
“Dangerous!”
Shura warned, but Nane looked up with interest as the dimensional passage was rapidly distorted.
“It’s blocked.”
“yes?”
At the same time Shura asked back, the dimensional passage spewed out fragments, which were quickly assembled into the original sphere.
“I block the dimension with the dimension.”
Nane asked as she turned toward the exit.
“Is it your skill?”
Shura frowned at the group of people blocking the exit.
“maze.”
Miro sat on the back of Arius, who was prostrated like a dog, and Shion’s staff, Sein, stood by her.
“How are you here?”
Miro stood up and said.
“What are you asking about? Now that the other side of the world has been opened, the next step must be heaven. But it won’t be easy. I did a lot of studying this way.”
Just when Shura snorted and was about to reply, Nane stepped forward and asked.
“Seeker, are you against my will?”
Miro savored Nane’s first impression.
‘This is the current Buddha.’
A person who realized that he was right after going through all the degrees and going through all the apostles who were against it.
‘Is that what the eyes that penetrate the universe are like?’
His skinny body, wearing hooded rags, and his face and arms are probably full of tattoos.
‘but… … .’
If you feel that you resemble Sirone, is it strange?
“The word “go against” sounds harsh, right? This fight will not end unless either side gives up.”
Nane’s eyes were locked in sadness.
“That’s why I’m trying to finish it.”
“no.”
The incarnation of Guanshi Yin with thousands of hands was burning.
“You give up, me.”
Just as Mount Tai in the north is the lowest place in the south, the highest place to Miro is the whole without a blind spot.
Arius willingly became a dog and increased his prestige in the realm of Thousand Arms Guanshi Yin contemplating all over the world.
“Whoa! Krrrr!”
Shura hugged Nane from behind.
“On the subject of an insignificant mortal.”
As she revealed her serpentine traits, a long, blood-red tongue protruded and taunted Miro and the others.
“How dare you intimidate Buddha?”
Sein’s Iron Wheel quickly returned.
‘The god of lies, Shura.’
Even she, who denies the whole world, can’t deny Nane’s rightness?
‘The realm is equivalent to a maze. I have no choice but to leave Nane to Miro and strike a pincer with Arius.’
As if thinking the same thing, Arius stood up.
“Please leave it to me.”
Miro couldn’t answer.
‘It doesn’t even scratch with any magic. I wonder if it’s the standard to quickly subdue it with powerful axing.’
Even if the Buddha is right, if it is incarnation that distorts the law, the teeth will be eaten.
“I have something to tell you two.”
As Shura, who fell from Nane’s instructions, headed for the exit, Arius and Sein also turned around.
“Miro, be careful.”
Even if they don’t win, if the maze dies here, the balance of the world will fall sharply.
“I know.”
Miro, of course, knew, but it was not an opponent he could kill with his own survival in mind.
‘I have no choice but to risk my life.’
When Sein, Arius, and Shura went out of the cave, Nane came a little closer.
“It is indeed a good incarnation.”
Thousand-Armed Guanyin may also be an aspect of Buddha.
“But the era of needing you is over, so leave everything to me now and wake up from your dreams.”
An explosion erupted outside the cave.
‘The other side started.’
At that point, in Miro’s head, who had erased all thoughts, the sequence sequence developed at a tremendous speed.
“Buddha, if you are truly merciful… … .”
The incarnation of Thousand Arms Guanshiyin soared to the ceiling of the cave, spreading its thousands of arms like a fan.
“Couldn’t you have embraced their dreams as well?”
ball question.
The moment Nane’s head tilted to the side, the Thousand Arms Guan Yin’s axing was activated.
‘I can’t cry.’
The Thousand Arms Guanyin’s palm flew in from Nane’s left and right, drawing a huge trajectory.
‘I can’t cry over their dreams.’
As time is compressed, the number of afterimages increases.
‘Because it’s a dream I made.’
Conversely, as the number of afterimages increases, the speed of reaching a single time is faster.
‘I have to close it.’
tremendous speed.
In the end, the reason why all the afterimages feel real is that the amount of impact per one time is measured as the sum of the numbers.
‘He hit me!’
such axing.
‘This is me… … can’t… … blood… … .’
In the fragmentation of time, another fragmentation occurred, and Miro’s thoughts slowed infinitely.
‘sun… … .’
the universe has stopped
Looking up at the palm of the Heavenly Armed Guanyin, which had no afterimage, Nane thought about the ball.
‘Mercy for dreams… … .’
Deed Deed Deed!
When the Thousand Arms Guanshi Yin suddenly vibrated, Nane hurriedly escaped from her thoughts, and strangeness filled her eyes.
‘It became faster.’
Whoops!
The ceiling of the cave was blown off by the pressure generated by the clash of the palms.
Miro clicked his tongue in the haze.
‘Sheesh! I dodged it!’
Nane, who jumped off by a hair’s breadth, flew up from the ceiling of the cave and looked down at the maze.
“Is that the spirit that protected the world?”
Nane’s tongue moved.
“Sermon, mind and heart.”
Thousands of swords formed a net and covered the Thousand Arms Guanshi Yin rising from the cave.
‘Is it the incarnation art seal?’
As the law was neutralized and Thousand Arms Guanshiyin struggled, Nane pointed at the maze with her index finger.
“He who has the mind of a Buddha.”
The sword that was born at the tip of my finger began to spin round and round.
“I am Buddha.”
The sword, spinning at an unimaginable speed, crashes into the labyrinth, and a second later, the peak rises like a twist! twisted
Koo Goo Goo Goo!
As the mountain collapsed, the core exploded, revealing a labyrinth among the surging rocks.
“okay! Let’s see the end with you and me!”
Nane’s eyes sparkled as the Thousand Arms Guanshi Yin grew inexorably and tore through the heart net.
“Bannyaparamil.”
paradise.
An incarnation larger than the planet has been pressing on Nane, causing afterimages of over 200 million arms.
‘Can I avoid this too?’
It would be possible if you run away from the stars, but Nane, who inherited Ankera’s system, does not tolerate apostasy.
“Sermon. open.”
Two swords were born from the fingertips of Nane, who crossed her arms in an X shape, and rotated one full turn.
The world expanded around that circle, and the pair of Thousand Arms Guanshi Yin pressed down on both sides.
“Big!”
The air vibrated and the ground shook as if he was about to burst a huge ball with both hands.
“I will not run away.”
Miro was determined to die.
“I fight with my all.”
Because she is always the giver, not the one who keeps the game.
“Threesome… … .”
Gyeong.
Miro’s consciousness was sucked in by fear, and the air was suppressed as the speed of the Thousand Arms Guanyin soared.
At the sound of the wind crumpling iron, the three men fighting on the opposite peak turned their heads.
‘Sammaegyeong? That’s stupid.’
In the end, it will only commit.
“no!”
The moment Shura shouted, the thousand-handed Guanyin that covered the sky clashed with her palms.
“… … !”
My ears couldn’t hear it, and my son-in-law turned to darkness as his nerves went numb.
In a state of no sensation, consciousness gradually drifted away.
‘damn! Shock!’
Since they are specialized in the mental system, they used their own organs to protect their mentality.
‘Miro… … !’
In a state where it was unclear whether he was standing or lying down, whether his bones were broken or not, Sein prayed.
‘Just stay alive.’
The echoes of the roar shook Jungcheon-dong.
—————————————

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-774.txt
=============YYYYY=============
[774] The question of the ball (4)
“Huh.”
how much time has passed
The nerves began to return, starting with Arius’ groans as his ears were bleeding.
“Whoa.”
My whole body throbbed as if I had been beaten.
‘A labyrinth?’
However, there was no time to look at his body, and Sein, who regained his sight, immediately looked at the battlefield.
As if revealing the shape of the impact, dozens of peaks around it were cut into a circle shape.
“Buddha!”
As the inverted cross assembled into spheres was released, Shura spurred out first.
“We are going too.”
Arius didn’t hear, but realized Sein was leaving and immediately followed.
Shura stopped on a peak 400 meters from the battlefield and checked the ground.
Sein was anxious.
‘why?’
When I arrived by Shura’s side, my anxiety became reality.
‘Hello… … What is God?’
Nane was standing in front of Miro, who was kneeling in a state of sedation.
“If I hadn’t had a long-cherished wish… … .”
His lips were torn and blood was flowing, but his calm expression showed no shock.
“I would have paid you tribute.”
“… … .”
Miro couldn’t hear.
Nane held out her hand as she looked at her with her shoulders drooping and her head bowed.
“Sermon, go.”
A blue sword shot out and soared into the sky, becoming a single bolt of lightning and striking the top of the head.
Miro, who had been trembling for a while, slowly opened her eyes.
“Kill him.”
It was not a word of resignation, but in fact, he was so exhausted that he couldn’t even lift a finger.
“It was a hair difference.”
It was the pinnacle of extreme differences in results due to very small causes.
“Perhaps it could have come to fruition.”
Miro laughed.
“Are you sympathetic? You are not a god either.”
“okay. But I am a little more distant from humans.”
It was an inexcusable defeat.
“An impurity smaller than a speck of dust. why didn’t you throw it away? What holds you human?”
I wanted to hear
“Kill him.”
However, as if Miro had no intention of speaking, he quietly closed his eyes and waited for death.
“… … Sermon, kill.”
Twelve red swords came out from behind Nane and curled like claws toward the maze.
“There will be no pain.”
The killing spirit that seemed to pierce Maze’s body at any moment was transmitted to Sein from 400 meters away.
“no. Rescue now… … .”
“It’s already too late.”
Shura did not laugh in the face of the extinction of the Thousand Arms Guanshi Yin.
“The one closest to Buddha knelt down. No one can surpass the Buddha’s time.”
The moment Sein throws his body away is the moment when Nane’s sermon is pierced into Miro’s body.
“damn! damn!”
In the end, it was all about delaying Miro’s death even a little while not being able to move a single step.
I didn’t wait
“It is over.”
Twelve swords were fired at Miro.
At that time, Sain and Arius’ hearts crouched down, preparing for a powerful beat.
“Posmetry.”
A gigantic, brilliantly shining grotesque bird soared into the sky while wrapping around the labyrinth.
As the maze disappeared into another dimension, Nane’s sermon could not control the murderous intent and exploded itself.
“Zulu summons?”
Sane, who hurriedly looked around, found a maze that had moved several tens of meters away from Nane.
“at last… … Did you follow me?”
Zulu and Gangnan were sitting on the Cadra, while Gaold was standing on the ground holding the labyrinth.
“Now!”
When Sain and Arius cast space movement toward Kaidra, Shura clicked his tongue and flew to Nane.
A strange sensation opened Miro’s eyes.
‘what?’
Information came in at the same time that he was still breathing and that he was being held in someone’s arms.
“… … .”
The moment I checked Gaold’s face, my mind went dizzy and curse words came out.
“Damn it.”
Gaold laughed bitterly.
“A long time.”
That was the end of the reunion greeting, and Gaold turned his head again to face Nane.
“Is that Buddha? I must have had some children.”
Miro gritted his teeth.
“Put it down. why did you come here? It has nothing to do with you now.”
The exhausted Miro found it difficult to move alone, and Sein came and supported her.
“Gaold, you… … .”
“later. Do it later.”
In a different atmosphere from before, Sein kept his mouth shut.
‘Well, is it normal? After experiencing the terrible hell twice, I came back.’
As Gaold was intent on examining me, Miro looked up at me.
‘You must have gotten very skinny.’
All of the muscles that had been trained in endless battles would fall out, and only scars would remain.
‘It’s really the worst reunion.’
I had sworn I wouldn’t do it twice, but this time I owed my life to Gaold.
‘Miro.’
Rejoicing at the safe return of his master, Arius bowed his head, crouching beside the maze’s bridge.
‘I can feel my heart beating fast.’
A diver who has infiltrated Maze’s mind.
Arius knew the only trauma etched into her near-perfect psyche.
‘Mikea Gaold.’
A name that cannot be forgotten.
“Let’s go back. Since going to heaven was blocked for now, future plans in Zion… … .”
Gaold asked.
“Why does Buddha want to kill Maze?”
Sein wrinkled his brow.
“What do you know? I don’t have time to explain every word. Cooperate in safely evacuating the maze.”
“it’s okay. You can ask them directly.”
Gaold walked over to Nane.
“you idiot! Understanding the situation now… … !”
It was not a situation that could be resolved by being angry, so Se-in swallowed his anger and said to Kang-nan.
“Quickly go and get him. That kid is really dying.”
Zulu replied.
“I wouldn’t have come this far if I could have stopped it.”
“Then you will die.”
Zulu looked at Gaold’s back as he walked away.
“To Gaold, the reality is terrible pain. But he came back through hell twice.”
The atmosphere became somber.
“We do not know what Gaold suffered. That’s why I don’t even have the right to stop it.”
“Buy me some time.”
Miro said as he walked away from Sein.
“If you wait a little bit, your mind will recover. I’ll take you and run away Until then, protect Gaold.”
It was their last resort.
Sein clicked his tongue and turned to Nane.
“Sheesh, it bothers me until the end… … .”
Nane’s eyes lit up as she watched Gaold.
“Shura.”
“yes,
“Go away. as far as possible.”
“yes?”
I asked again, but no answer came back.
“All right.”
Even after Shura left, Nane calmly waited for Gaold to come.
‘It’s like seeing the old me.’
It was Nane who, after experiencing all the pain in the world, became a Buddha by giving up her body in hell.
“Are you an ascetic?”
Gaold didn’t think it worth answering.
“Why do you want to kill Maze?”
“To close this world.”
“Why is this world? Did I do anything wrong to you?”
“pain.”
Nane raised her index finger and pointed at Gaold.
“And you are the one who understands this world. Now, how about breaking the chains of suffering with me?”
“You understand this world?”
Gaold took a step forward, turned around and slapped Nane in the face with a full swing.
“How do I know that, you son of a bitch!”
Sein’s eyes widened in bewilderment.
“That madman… … !”
When Nane turned her head again, Gaold was thumping closer, eyes closed.
“Where did you clean up? A Buddha is a Buddha, what are you talking about knowing about me?”
‘It’s old!’
Sein looked back at the party as the old temperament was revealed.
“It’s a start! All ready!”
Miro shouted.
“Wait a minute!”
Gaold’s air press squashed the air, causing the ground to sway like a rubber sheet.
“Aaaaaaaaa!”
Blood dripped from Gaold’s eyes as he screamed with his ten fingers bent.
“I-that… … .”
Gangnan’s face turned pale at the sight of Nane, who was unable to move due to the pressure of the atmosphere.
‘How painful is it?’
Pain 1 trillion times.
Returning from hell for the second time, Gaold’s threshold was much higher than before.
‘This kind of pain?’
There was a strangeness in Nane’s eyes.
‘Then why doesn’t he die?’
Zulu said.
“It should have been dead already. But Gaold isn’t dead. Once that happens… … .”
It just happened.
“That’s why I can’t die now.”
Gaold, whose hair had turned white, approached Nane, shedding bloody tears.
“Can you tell me what real pain is?”
I was not insane.
“It’s not something I can stand. You just get hurt.”
“Sermon, par.”
The sword of light that was born above Nane’s head vibrated and shook the air that had become hard like a steel bar.
“no! Gaold quickly… … !”
When Miro shouted.
“It’s all about being confined to a narrow body and screaming pathetically. But like you… … .”
Unable to bear the pain, Gaold let out a scream and stomped the ground with both legs.
“Tell me the pain!”
Pain 10 trillion times.
“ah! ah! ah! ah! ah! ah! ah! ah!”
Pain 100 trillion times.
“You foolish middle school student!”
Nane raised the power of the sermon to the limit.
“I will erase your pain!”
“Aaaaaaaa! Aaaaaa!”
Consciousness had already gone, and all that remained in my head was the thought of pain.
‘Thousand trillion pears of pain! High tide ship! Billion times! damn it!’
Where in the world is there anything like that?
‘No matter how much it hurts, no matter how much you scream… … .’
How would other people feel about it?
The biggest pain in the world is the pain you suffer, and that’s why the weight of pain is the same for everyone.
‘Still, I live on.’
Even though I know that it will never change, I wonder if tomorrow will be a better day than today.
‘Clean your teeth!’
Life is about wanting to live until the end.
“I’ve been through a bit of penance… … .”
Those were the words only Gaold could utter.
“Talk about other people’s pain!”
Pain 1 view pear.
First of all, the dozens of high peaks in the vicinity were pressed down to the horizon as if they were pouring down.
‘Oh, I see.’
In the moment of the astronomical amount of friction acting, Nane realized.
‘That’s why I couldn’t cry.’
Tears flowed down Nane’s cheeks as the high heat that melts any substance expands the atmosphere.
Aaaaaaaaagh!
Jungcheon-dong exploded.
“Quaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!”
Taeseong’s scream resounded in the Temple of Earth.
‘Another person transcended the bay.’
Even with her eyes wide open in shock, countless thoughts ran through her head.
‘To upset the balance of the world… … .’
are human after all
The Monk’s Shrine has disappeared from the map.
“oh my god… … .”
Jungcheon-dong, which Shura looked down on, was as if God had scooped up the ground with a spoon, leaving only a pit.
Kang Nan sucked in the heat and coughed.
“Coke! Coke!”
If it hadn’t been for Miro pouring all her mental power into flying, it would all have melted away.
“Are you still alive?”
Zulu pointed to the middle of the pit.
“There he is.”
The faces of those who looked at the ground turned pale.
“Me, you… … .”
Gaold was sprawling at his feet looking down, spitting blood in succession.
“You fell down?”
Only Miro faced the truth while he could not properly grasp the reality even after seeing it with his own eyes.
‘Gaold, you… … .’
He broke the Buddha.
(end of volume 31)
—————————————

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-775.txt
=============YYYYY=============
[775] chain action(1)
As the heat of the explosion dissipated, Maze and Shura moved a little closer to Gaold.
In the face of the unprecedented situation in which the Buddha collapsed, their senses focused so as not to miss even the slightest signal.
“I have reached the realm of Buddha after experiencing all the good and bad things that exist in the world.”
Zulu said.
“but… … It couldn’t have been more painful than Gaold’s.”
I understand human pain, but I don’t understand all of it, and the game is decided there.
Sein said.
“Unless Gaold approves, I cannot close this world.”
It was the reason why the sermon was broken.
“okay. Right now.”
At Zulu’s explanation, people turned their heads and listened to Gaold and Nane’s conversation.
“Are you sick?”
Gaold looked down at me and asked.
His whole body suffered severe fractures, and blood flowed from his mouth without ceasing, but his eyes seemed peaceful.
“The best in the universe.”
Gaold burst out laughing, sat down next to Nane, and pulled out a cigarette from his bosom.
The moment I put it in my mouth and lit it, a cough erupted.
“Ouch! Kuck!”
After transcending the bay, I felt as if all the bones in my body were being crushed as the storm rushed in.
“Does it suck fire even though it is such a body?”
Gaold stopped coughing and smoked his cigarette, narrowing his eyes as if it were very tasty.
“Compared to the pain of living, it’s like a cigarette. You really can’t last long.”
Gaold lowered his gaze.
“Are you afraid? I mean die.”
It wasn’t something to ask Buddha, but that’s why Gaold wanted to hear it himself.
“Nothing. Life and death are not different.”
Gaold exhaled a long cigarette smoke and said, looking at the wide open horizon.
“… … Just, don’t you want to live? Throwing away balls and everything, frying and roasting, and running into people.”
Kang Nan’s eyes were locked in sorrow.
‘I guess so.’
How can you hate me?
‘Actually, you are the person I want to die the most. And me… … .’
He was the one who understood Gaold’s feelings most deeply.
“My thoughts don’t change. Your pain can be said to be endless, but you chose life nonetheless… … .”
Red liquid soaked in blood flowed from Nane’s eyes as he recalled his life as a sentient being.
“Not everyone in the world is as strong as you.”
Even if the weight of pain is the same, not everyone endures with a strong will.
“… … I guess so.”
Gaold, who thought of death as many times as he took a breath, couldn’t have known that fact.
“Patience. What’s so complicated?”
Gaold threw away his cigarette.
“What’s so important about other people suffering? So what’s your pain? Why do you live so hard?”
I was adamant.
“Because I know that’s right.”
Knowing he couldn’t change Nane’s mind, Gaold remained silent for a long time.
“no way?”
Miro suddenly felt uneasy at the thought that Gaold might keep Nane alive.
‘The chain of action of the law.’
If Buddha exists, Yahweh also exists, and in the end, good cannot erase evil until the end.
“I will do it myself.”
“maze.”
Zulu said coldly.
“You know what? We have no qualifications.”
Only Gaold suffered more than Buddha.
Therefore, it was only up to him to acknowledge or deny the Buddha.
“The future of mankind is at stake. If you can’t finish the game, a lot of people will suffer.”
“That is also your belief, not Gaold’s. he is not human He is human.”
“but… … !”
“Miro, stop admitting it.”
Zulu looked back with emotionless eyes.
“Humans won.”
It was Middle Eastern.
It was human beings who defeated Buddha.
In front of an undeniable fact, Geukseon bit his lip.
‘Gaold, listen to me… … .’
you said
“Stop it. Since this is the world you have accomplished, I will pass it on to humans and leave.”
Gaold looked up at the sky.
“You’re not a bad guy either.”
Miro’s face turned into a tear-stained one.
‘Gaolduu, please… … .’
“but.”
At that moment, as if through telepathy, Gaold turned and looked at the maze.
“The woman I love, it must be difficult to do something when you live here.”
“huh?”
The listeners looked back at the maze at the same time, but the more she did, the more she couldn’t even move her eyes.
Nane raised the corner of her mouth.
“That is enough.”
Since humans have won, shouldn’t the standard for defining the world also be extremely human?
“It’s fortunate that the person you love is polar.”
The polar line, the one who always gives.
“I don’t know. I don’t even want to know.”
To Gauld, Miro was just a poor woman who would pluck out her heart and offer it up for the happiness of mankind.
As Gaold raised his hand, the air sharpened and condensed into the blade’s strength.
“bye.”
As soon as Nane closed his eyes, Air Kurt cut through the wind and aimed for his neck.
Kaka Kaka Kaka!
Sparks flew in the air, the blade stopped, and after a while, a vague illusion of a shield materialized and appeared in front of my eyes.
“ha! ha!”
Shura, hidden behind a shield, looked down at Nane with a confused expression.
‘I will die soon.’
It was not a decision made with clarity of judgment.
‘I don’t know.’
When Nane’s death came to reality, a bit of doubt arose in my heart.
She thought she needed time to organize her thoughts, and that was enough to motivate her to act.
‘I’ll get out of here once.’
As she tried to push Gaold away with her Gestalt shield, an unbelievable amount of pressure weighed on her.
‘what’s this?’
Even though he exhausted his mental strength against Nane, the power of the apostate was not enough for Shura to handle.
“Kyaaaaaa!”
The gigantic stranglehold of God, assembled from hundreds of inverted crosses, was crushed flat as soon as it was born.
Woo woo woo woo!
A huge explosion was caused by the frictional force of hard air compressing the ground as it was.
“Get Shura!”
It wasn’t Gaold’s intention, so Zulu didn’t block the labyrinth to the surface anymore.
At the center of the huge pit in Jungcheon-dong, a small daughter pit was created, and Miro and the others made their way through the smoke.
“How is it?”
Gaold stood looking into the distance.
“I got it.”
Then he pointed to the ground and said.
“Half.”
Miro lowered her gaze.
“Cut your tail? To cheat… … .”
Shura’s lower body, neatly severed below the waist, was dripping with blood.
A rough breath escaped from between Shura’s clenched teeth.
“Hee! Hee!”
He was crawling, shaking his shoulders, with only his upper body remaining, but his speed was as fast as the wind.
Nane, who was lying on her back, asked as she passed the cliffs of the Jungcheon-dong Mountains and the complicated tree roads.
“Why did you save me?”
“I don’t know! I don’t know! I will think about it from now on!”
Nane laughed bashfully.
“Sometimes lies are clumsy.”
That’s why it’s suspicious.
‘Where is the eternal thing in the world? If you die, you die! however… … however… !’
Shouldn’t you know what it is?
‘lie! lie! lie!’
As Shura spurred the ground with both arms and threw herself, blood poured from her back like a heavy rain.
“There is no truth in this world!”
All things are just frequencies, and the things we believe to be real are just illusions created by the signals.
“Everything is a lie!”
From being born as a snake to mastering incarnation and becoming a human, Shura repeated countless lies.
‘But then… … .’
The final conclusion that the false god ultimately reached.
‘What the hell is real?’
Either way, there has to be something.
“Huh. Hmm.”
After blocking the bloodstains, Shura gritted her teeth and climbed the steep slope to reach the top.
“Haha! Haha!”
With her chin on the floor, gasping for breath as she pulled out her one-meter-long tongue, she bent her head toward her back.
“are you okay?”
“… … He is not dead yet.”
you added
“I will die if you don’t take care of me.”
Shura’s eyes narrowed.
“joy! Even Buddha doesn’t want to die, right? After all, everything you said up until now is a lie, right?”
“If you look at it with lies, everything is false, and if you look with truth, everything is true.”
Nane turned her head.
“Actually, what you and I see is not different.”
“… … .”
As with Veron, she couldn’t lie in front of Nane’s eyes.
“Moan, wait. Because I have to hide… … .”
Shura, who used the ability of Gestalt to shield the illusion, crawled into the cave holding Nane’s collar.
I looked up at the sky and laughed
“The weather is nice.”
I lived.
After hiding in a cave for about three days, Shura’s lower body regenerated up to her thighs.
Still unable to walk, Shura filled her mouth with water and crawled through the cave with both arms.
“town. town.”
When Nane, still unattached, opened her mouth, she handed him the water in her mouth.
“It is good water.”
“of course. It’s because I specially scooped up bedrock water. Can’t you just get up now? It can be cured with sermons.”
“I did some thinking.”
Shura, who had been licking her soiled body with her tongue, turned her head again, revealing her bright color.
“Did you find out the secret of the world?”
“If that were the case, the world would have already been closed. Rather, about why it couldn’t be perfect.”
Shura was disappointed.
“Oh, that’s already broken.”
“Looking back, it seems that it was wrong from the beginning. Being right isn’t about reaching. It’s just right.”
Shura blinked.
“That’s why you couldn’t reach the truth no matter which way you climbed, the lie or the truth.”
11th sense, craving.
“okay. Even if that is the sky, even if it is not the sky, you will not know until you become the sky.”
Shura imitated Buddha.
“Don’t look at Ideas, be Ideas. That is what is true.”
Nane stroked her hair.
“Now that you know unity, you can call yourself a Buddha.”
“Hehe, what are you going to do now?”
“First I have to destroy everything I built. If it’s not reachable, we have no choice but to wait for it to be right.”
“Hey, it’s a shame.”
There was only one way to break the Buddha’s realm.
“Now I feel the pain of being a sentient being with my heart. I can bewitch the tears, so it’s not a waste at all.”
When he invoked the sermon blessing, Nane’s bones clung to each other, and Shura’s lower body regenerated in an instant.
Shura was a little embarrassed.
“I don’t like things like this… … .”
I read and laughed.
“let’s go. It is what I have to do.”
Nane, who came out of the cave, adjusted her eyes to the sunlight for a while, then made a sign and proclaimed.
“I tell the whole universe.”
It was my last sermon.
“As the current law cannot fully relieve the pain of being born again, we will take special measures.”
It was a huge voice.
“I grant the apostasy of all beings.”
The fact that the master of the world had given up on maintaining the system echoed throughout the universe.
In other words, it meant that Nane could no longer be the manager of this world.
‘With this, the Buddha will disappear… … .’
Shura watched as the sword of words soared into the sky, creating waves of law.
‘I got the possibility to become a true Buddha.’
Is that why?
Even though she became an ordinary human who lost the truth, Nane embraced the world with warm eyes.
—————————————

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-776.txt
=============YYYYY=============
[776] chain action(2)
* * *
Upon arriving in Zion, Mei-Lei jumped out of bed, covered one ear and knelt down.
“Chief Justice.”
Terra Force, who was conducting a filibuster to prevent punishment for Sirone’s apostasy, received a call.
-The situation has been reversed.
“I heard.”
Nane’s sermon was imprinted on living beings throughout the universe through the law of the heart, quantum transmission.
Because it is a phenomenon that works in the mind, most of them do not even think that they have obtained information, but those who know the apostasy realized it.
‘Now I can abort.’
-Anker Ra, to be exact, Nane, who swallowed Ra’s dream, abrogated the third clause of the Three Absolute Principles.
“What will happen to Sirone?”
-Approve the apostasy. Of course, the same goes for Gaold. Of course, Terraforce’s judgment will continue. but… … .
The judge chose his words carefully.
-At that time, the judgment would have to be made with the death of the entire system, not the planet.
The end of the world was approaching.
“What am I supposed to do?”
-Help Zion and stop evil. A labyrinth will guide you. Lest the day come when Terraforce destroys the entire universe… … .
Communication was lost.
“You survived.”
Gaold’s group searched Jungcheon-dong for two days, but they couldn’t find Nane and Shura.
In the end, it was confirmed that he survived only after hearing a sermon on the way to Antarctica on a Kydra.
“But the Buddha is no more.”
Miro had a hunch that it was an opportunity.
“Assuming Shura is alive, finding Nane isn’t easy. But now you can finish the game. When we return to Zion, we will launch an all-out offensive against evil.”
If the altar is sealed and the atrocities are punished, the brilliant flowers of goodness will bloom again in the world.
said Zulu, seated in the Caydra’s c*ckpit.
“Yahweh will be in charge of sealing the altar, but apart from that, the demons are strong. It’s not an easy fight.”
Everyone but Miro looked back at Gaold.
‘Obviously the demons are strong. But if it’s Gaold… … .’
A magician who transcended ten thousand, a person who defeated Buddha was considered worthy of trying even an army of over 2 billion in hell.
‘If that’s the only problem… … .’
Sein took turns examining Gaold and Miro, who were coming in and out with an invisible line in between.
They hadn’t spoken a word since the battle, and now they didn’t even make eye contact.
‘It must be confusing.’
In the days when Miro handled everything, it was rather simple.
“But now the game has changed.’
Miro needs Gaold, and Gaold still loves Miro.
I wondered what it had to do with it.
‘Aren’t you heartless too?’
I don’t want to admit it, but in the end, the only remaining human in Miro’s mind was Gaold.
Miro felt Sain’s gaze, but ignored it until the end and threw her head back.
‘I’m really going crazy.’
Saying it’s someone else’s business and pushing it on the back.
Of course, Gaold was the only one who could be called a man to her, but he was a heart smaller than a speck.
The dust was so small that I didn’t even know if it was love, friendship, or sympathy.
‘I’d rather just date for a while then end it.’
Alpheas Magic School days.
It might have been possible if he accepted Gaold’s confession in the 6th level of the survival test, super fever.
‘Would the results have been different if I did?’
perhaps.
‘That’s why it’s getting complicated now.’
It would be better if Gaold had reached the current result while winning Miro’s love.
‘But if you accept him now… … .’
What about Gaold?
When he, who has endured with one mind for the labyrinth, finally wins it, the law that forms him collapses.
‘I could die. anyway… … .’
The strong spirit that can defeat even the Buddha will inevitably be dulled, and in the worst case, it will become a crippled person.
‘Do you know?’
Gaold would know.
‘That’s why he’s ignoring me too.’
After going through hell twice, he finally got over the maze, but still he got nothing.
‘Still, I’ll try to fight.’
Miro, who suddenly thought from Gaold’s point of view, looked up at the sky with sorrowful eyes.
‘Whether the world perishes or not, you don’t care.’
He was a person who would not regret spending the rest of his life with the woman he loved and leaving the world at any time.
‘It’s okay though. I’ll do it if you want.’
Isn’t the pain enough?
‘You’ve already done so much for the world. I’ll take care of you when you become a disabled person, and when you die, I’ll be buried next to you.’
However, Gaold’s choice was to stay by his side and fight for Miro until the end.
‘But you can’t love me anymore?’
I had been avoiding Gaold because I thought this situation would come, but it was finally time to make a decision.
“ha.”
Arius shook his shoulders at Miro’s sigh.
‘That poor human… … .’
* * *
“Sirone! Go out! Get ready!”
When Minerva invaded Sirone’s house, Sirone had already finished all preparations.
“what? Is it fast?”
Before he understood Nane’s sermon, he had already heard the situation from Taeseong.
‘Mr. Garold is back.’
I have transcended ten thousand, I have broken the Buddha, and I have allowed the apostasy, so there is no longer the master of the world.
Gaold’s shockwave caused a chain reaction to the law, eventually freeing Syrone from Terraforce’s judgment.
“This won’t be the end.”
Minerva nodded.
“The disappearance of Buddha is only the beginning. If there is no one right, there comes a world of chaos where anything is allowed.”
“The atrocities will become stronger.”
Minerva handed over the <Law Slaughter> documents.
“We have to block it. Let’s go to Kashan. Even if you use <Law Kill>, you cannot do it without the help of the Holy Temple.”
Since she intended to go to Uorin anyway, Sirone followed Minerva out without a word.
Just as they were about to escape from the magic circle on the first floor of the Ivory Tower to the Kingdom of Corona, four familiar people approached them.
‘People who play card games?’
Minerva raised an eyebrow.
“Oh my, what is this? Fossils that haven’t left the White Inn for 14 years are coming back here?”
said the bald old man, child.
“The game is over. To tell you the result.”
“Whoa, who’s the winner?”
said Gudio, who grew a red beard.
“The one who wants to keep the game.”
philanthropy.
Even though it was just a card game, it was not an unpleasant result in the face of a fierce battle.
“What are you going to do now?”
Said Ness, a man as bony as a skeleton.
“Reality has changed, so I’m going to run the simulation again. This time, the one who wants to end the game… … .”
“There’s a game that’s more fun than that. Do you want to go with me?”
For the law of <Slaughter> to aim precisely at the atrocities, those who played the card game were essential.
The man with the torn eye, Mais, asked.
“Is there a more fun gamble than this?”
“No matter how fun it is, it’s a simulation, right? Now I have to show my skills in the real game.”
“Which version is it?”
“To bankrupt those who must be robbed.”
“… … .”
Myers looked back at his colleagues and questioned their intentions, but Minerva already knew the outcome.
‘Because they… … .’
It’s because they’re really crazy about gambling.
“Is the stake enough?”
four people said at the same time.
* * *
Emperor Aganos of Kashan.
Uorin, who received the message around midnight, roamed the vast imperial palace nonstop from early morning.
‘Sirone is coming!’
with Minerva.
‘Of course, that woman.’
Uorin’s eyes, which had been recalled, narrowed.
‘It doesn’t matter. How long will I spend this time… … .’
It was not a wait that could be done with a human lifespan.
‘I can finally meet Sirone!’
Even though it was just a change of memory, it was no different from physical time to her, the person involved in the memory.
“Gando!”
The door opened immediately.
“Did you call?”
“The preparations are going without a hitch, right?”
“If you hadn’t called me 30 seconds ago, you should be checking by now.”
As long as there were no mistakes in welcoming Sirone, he knew that Uorin would not be angry today.
“Isn’t 30 seconds too harsh? Five minutes must have passed.”
“My pace is not that slow.”
True to its nickname, Urera, it was Gando who arrived by jumping through the 200-meter hallway in an instant.
“Anyway, fine.”
good anyway
“I need to put on makeup. Call the coordinator. I’ll just do it lightly. Lips a little redder… … .”
Gando was worried.
“The Empress is the strongest and most beautiful person in the world. He doesn’t see the need to do anything more.”
“What does it matter that I am beautiful? You should like Sirone. Call Cody.”
“The Empress.”
Gando risked his life.
“Are you really okay with this? I have never seen the Empress shaken like this.”
Uorin said as she changed her earrings.
“… … I know.”
“Don’t you know? Sirone is a necessary tool for the Empress’ daughter. If you love Sirone… … .”
yes let’s die here
“Will you become a daughter again and love your father?”
Gando sighed and closed his eyes, waiting for Uorin to sing a wind chime.
“It’s Gando.”
The name she called was Gando.
“Yes, as you said, Theraze is not an individual. history. But you know. Now, Syrone also came with that history.”
Gando did not want to hear.
‘Kill me! You must kill me, Empress!’
When the great history of Therazera is defined by a single human named Uorin, Kashan’s future is not guaranteed.
“At first, survival was the goal. However, from the moment Sirone occupied the beginning of my memory, I have been waiting for today to preserve history.”
Gando screamed evil.
“Kill! Just saying kill me… … !”
“Son.”
The moment Uorin’s words fell out, Gando couldn’t think of anything, as if he had been hit in the head with a hammer.
son.
I thought it was a word that didn’t exist in the world, so I didn’t even know what it felt like right now.
“Without Kashan, there is no Uorin. It is true that I am shaken, and I know that I will be criticized by the world. therefore… … .”
Uorin looked back at Gando and smiled sadly.
“Can’t we just cheer for Mom?”
Hot tears flowed silently down my cheeks as my heart skipped a beat.
“… … .”
Gando, who lowered his head and wiped away tears, spoke with an effort to hold on to his trembling voice.
“I will arrive in the evening. Get some sleep. I will proceed with the preparations without a hitch.”
“… … thanks.”
The door closed with a quiet sound.
In the room left alone after Gando had left, Uorin put her hand on the dressing table and looked in the mirror.
“I know.”
Theraze rose to the position of empress while endlessly analyzing the past based on the underlying incident.
“That’s how you came here.”
In the play time that was as long as history, the moment of enjoying an unexpected event was only a moment.
‘Once is enough for life.’
The reason I endured repeating the same incident, the same line, and the boring play as many times as the number of resets… … .
‘The only unknown left to me.’
It was for the most brilliant event in Theraje’s life.
—————————————

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-777.txt
=============YYYYY=============
[777] chain action(3)
* * *
Upon arriving in Zion, Miro held a meeting between the monks representing each denomination.
Now that the Buddha is away, it is a golden opportunity to attack evil, and the work will have to be done quickly and strategically.
It took a lot of time because it was the first step in an endless war.
In the meantime, Gaold’s party heard about Shion and reunited with Armin and Quan.
“Is the author Gaold?”
All of the monks’ attention was on Gaold.
‘The human who defeated the Buddha.’
Miro will listen to it anyway, but the young children couldn’t control their curiosity.
Although the power of the law is strong because there is no cloudiness in their hearts, they are in the process of learning in the realm.
“What is enlightenment higher than Buddha?”
At first, Gaold did not pretend to listen, but as the number continued to increase, he eventually stopped walking.
‘Start!’
It was so quiet that I couldn’t even hear my breathing.
“Sit on the toilet and strain your stomach.”
When Gaold’s voice was heard, the monks listened as if they would not miss a single Tosi.
“What comes out of that is enlightenment.”
As Gaold, who had turned away coldly, moved away, the children all tilted their heads and exchanged opinions.
“This is a very difficult line.”
The bald-headed child rested his chin on his chin and muttered.
“Hmm, sit on the toilet and strain your stomach. What comes out of it is enlightenment… … .”
He raised his head and sighed.
“poop?”
Enlightenment is shit.
“Maybe this is what it means? Treat enlightenment like shit. In other words, don’t be obsessed.”
In any case, it was a message from someone who defeated Buddha, so they were trying to think in a positive way.
“okay. Send out the enlightenment in your heart like shit, and you will gain true enlightenment.”
The children were amazed.
“Oh, Ming’s insight is excellent. indeed… … Are you saying that you have to abandon the Buddha in order to accept the Buddha?”
Gangnan, who was lost in thought at the sound of the students of each denomination, asked Gaold.
“What are you talking about?”
Gaold spat out in annoyance.
“What is it? It means go and poop.”
“Ahahaha!”
Gangnan’s laughter embroidered the cold sky.
“huh? Why are you like that?”
As the children looked back at Gangnan at the same time, Zion’s leading figure, Lilia, approached.
“Mr. Gaold was playing a joke.”
He was a Totemist of the Achaeans who sealed Optrus together with Dante in the old castle ruins.
“joke? You mean you lied?”
When the monks looked back at Gaold with a look on their faces, Lilia smiled and said,
“It doesn’t matter. What really matters is that you have enlightened Mr. Garold’s words.”
“… … .”
“Enlightenment is not grandiose or fancy. You can finally see something that was there originally.”
Breathing is a huge realization for a child of jinan.
“Since Mr. Gaold already knows, it doesn’t matter whether you lie or tell the truth.”
In the end, the Dao leads to one.
“Enlightenment is shit… … .”
As the monks looked back at Gaold in awe, Lilia avoided her seat.
‘It will be a great power to the world.’
With such thoughts in mind, I went into the simple temple prepared in Zion, and a maze came out after the meeting.
“You worked hard, Mr. Miro.”
Miro was also politely greeted.
“yes. What about Gaold?”
“I went back to my house a little while ago. He was a strong man. The power of evil will be weaker in the future.”
Miro sighed softly.
“Are you worried about anything?”
“That’s true… … .”
Thinking that this is not something to talk about here, Miro took Lyria’s hand and went to a quiet place.
Miro had no reason to reveal her true feelings to others, but Gaold’s problem was an exception.
‘If it’s Lyria-san… … .’
Most of the monks in Zion were people close to the polar line, so there was nothing to hold back.
“okay.”
Lillia, who heard the circumstances of the two people’s identity, nodded her head with a sad expression.
“Do you feel guilty?”
“I don’t know. Because this problem is so complex. I need Gaold’s help, but I don’t think it’s anything like this.”
“of course.”
Lyria was adamant.
“The reason why good differs from evil is that it is not cowardly. I think Mr. Miro should speak.”
The darkness lifted from Miro’s face.
“Of course, these words are from a third person… … .”
“No, I need to go see Gaold now.”
Lyria smiled and shrugged her arms.
“have a great time.”
No matter how much you fight for the world, how can you be called a human being without love?
“Thank you, Mr. Lyria.”
After Miro left, she crossed her legs and rested her chin on the table, which became quiet.
“Ha, I want to date too.”
Dante’s face came to mind in her mind, who had never met a man properly because she had been chasing evil all her life.
‘I must have already forgotten. Are you living well?’
“Yes, I am going. Go straight.”
There’s nothing to worry about having already made a decision, but Miro’s heart pounded as he walked to Gaold’s quarters.
“I can’t stand it because it’s frustrating.”
I will openly confide in you and let you decide whether to choose yourself or the world.
‘And if you choose me… … .’
Miro’s face grew hot as he stopped walking.
‘But what if I’m very strange?’
It is said that sharing love can be done according to your feelings, but it was the first time in your life to honestly reveal it.
The more I tried this and that simulation, the more irritated Maze started to walk again.
‘I don’t know! I just need to turn off the lights!’
When Gaold finally arrived, he saw Gangnan, Zulu, Armin, and Sain gathered in front of Gaold’s accommodation.
“huh? what’s the matter?”
“Mr. Miro.”
Armin scratched his head with a puzzled expression.
“Why are you gathering here? Gaold?”
Sein said.
“They say they are leaving now. I’m packing up.”
Miro opened her eyes wide.
“this time? Where are you going?”
“Battlefield.”
It seemed Gaold had already made up his mind before Miro presented his options.
“It’s because of you.”
Kang Nan opened his eyes and said.
“You didn’t say a warm word to me all the way here. How can you be so selfish? Is that the line you are talking about?”
Good is good, love is love.
“Where are you dating someone out of mercy? I’m doing what I feel too. Besides, wouldn’t it be much better for you if I didn’t choose Gaold?”
“Kuk!”
When Gangnan couldn’t refute and bit his lip, Miro closed his eyes and regretted his mistake.
‘This is why I hate feelings.’
Contrary to belief, it makes everything unknown.
“Sorry. i know i’m bad But now I’ve made up my mind. Let me tell you.”
Miro grabbed the doorknob and said.
“every… … Would you mind avoiding your seat?”
That explanation was enough, and when Kang Nan turned around with a sad expression, others followed her.
“Whoa.”
Miro, who had calmed down, opened the door to see Gaold packing his bag.
“What, without knocking?”
“Hmph, it doesn’t matter what you were doing!”
Gaold packed his bags and put them on the bed.
“Don’t try. you have work to do Just do it without thinking about anything.”
Miro asked, closing the door with her back.
“Then what about you?”
“… … .”
“You’re going to keep fighting for me like that? in terrible pain? So what’s left?”
“It’s not your fault.”
Gaold met his eyes for the first time.
“It’s not your fault that I’m sick or that I’m like this. throw me out of your mind Then you can be perfect.”
“So you ask! How are you?”
“I’m fine.”
Gaold’s gaze was warm.
“It’s different from the past when I couldn’t do anything. I can fight for you now You just have to punish the evil of the world.”
Miro couldn’t contain his emotions.
“… … What if I die then?”
I couldn’t stop the tears from flowing.
“Then what if you die? If you suffer like that all your life and then die, what is your life like? Where the hell is that life?”
“I will not die.”
Even his smile looked painful.
“Until you smile happily and look at me, I will never die.”
Miro sat on the bed and gently cupped Gaold’s hair with both hands.
‘Yes, that’s right.’
Gaold was such a person.
‘A follower of the Jordanian religion.’
An innocent young man who just wanted everyone’s heart to be filled with love.
‘I should have known.’
However, only that young man with no talent endured the heat of hell and confessed to Miro.
‘I should have known at least then.’
I should have known that on the day she said goodbye to the world, when she shouted Miro’s name to the end even as her limbs were torn.
‘How stupid am I?’
Why did you think this man was an idiot?
He was the one who rescued him from heaven after fighting for 20 years in terrible pain.
‘Kill God… … .’
kill again
‘Kill again!’
Having defeated even Buddha, he now says he will kill all the evil in the world for the woman he loves.
“Because that is you.”
Miro cradled Gaold’s face in her arms and burst into tears.
“Because I am the strongest person in the world!”
therefore.
“Until this war is over, I… … .”
Miro looked up at the ceiling and said
“I will never love you. I will completely erase you from my mind.”
In Maze’s arms, Gaold said
“… … okay.”
“I promise you instead.”
Miro sat down and caressed Gaold’s cheek.
“If I can’t love you, I won’t love anyone else. No one will ever have my heart.”
therefore.
“It’s nice to meet someone else. For a woman like me, if you want to give up, give up anytime. If you can be happy even for a moment, grab that happiness without worrying. Promise!”
“… … okay.”
If you can erase me with it
“Gaold. Gaold… … .”
Miro, who had pityfully stroked Gaold, who had her eyes closed, ran out of the room wiping away tears.
After hearing the door slam shut, Gaold slowly raised his eyelids.
For a moment, the feeling of sadness rose as if it would explode, but soon it cooled down like an unexploded bullet.
“It is enough to end the war.”
only for her
Entering a simple purpose, Gaold rose from his seat like a machine and slung his bag over his shoulder.
It was dawn before I knew it, and when I went outside, a chill that seemed to freeze my breath entered my nostrils.
“… … .”
In the middle of the glacier, Zulu and Gangnan, who were ready to depart, were waiting under the lights that were turned on.
Gaold approached them and said.
“It’s my fight from now on.”
Gangnan pursed his lips.
“When wasn’t that? Ugly anyway… … .”
ducklings.
Gaold smiled and patted Gangnan on the shoulder and approached Zulu, who had Caidra on standby.
“Where is the fiercest?”
Zulu answered as he heard.
“Shirt.”
The power of the demons was not particularly strong, but it was an area where the power of mankind was relatively weak.
“Right.”
Gaold looked back and said.
“Let’s go, mutt.”
Kang Nan, who exudes the fighting spirit of a Ram Muay warrior, strode forward, raising the corners of his mouth.
“Are you sure it’s clean?”
No matter who loved whom, she was the only one who could cross the river of death with Gaold.
—————————————

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-778.txt
=============YYYYY=============
[778] chain action(4)
* * *
near midnight.
All districts of Aganos, the imperial castle of Kashan, were lit up and festivals were in full swing in the streets.
‘Kashan of the night.’
The scene of the city emitting huge energy was like seeing an unknown civilization hidden deep in the universe.
Sirone, who was flying next to Jet, asked.
“Are you going straight this time?”
Minerva was lost in thought as a row of card players sat behind Jett.
‘The circumstances are different from Nam Eymond.’
If it was the five great stars of the Ivory Tower, there would be no reason to notice Kashan, but Uo-Lin was a special opponent.
‘Mitochondrial Eve… … .’
Her influence in reading the world situation through history search is the best among the Three Emperors.
She was also the head of the Valkyries, an anti-heaven unit, and even in the holy war, there was an atmosphere that recognized her as an implicit leader.
“Kashan’s army doesn’t need to be considered. The problem is the world famous Aganos Guards.”
Minerva spread three fingers.
“This is the iron rule. Yuan (遠), which protects the building of the Empress, Zhong (Zhong), which protects the Queen’s space, and Geun (近), which protects the life of the Empress
“It means that there is a circle outside the imperial castle, a middle inside the imperial castle, and a root in the layer where Wurin stays.”
Minerva asked for the pipe.
“The Aganos Guards-near. They say even the skills of ordinary members are comparable to that of a general. If you invade our territory, we will attack you.”
It was a position that Uorin had requested, but unless there were special instructions, the guards had no choice but to draw their swords.
“Get off in front of the imperial castle. That would be nice.”
“You are misunderstanding something. I mean, it’s not an easy opponent, so smash it from the start. Let’s go straight to the queen’s room like this.”
Sirone’s eyes narrowed.
“Why are people so twisted?”
“I always say… … .”
An explosion erupted from the ejection port of the jet.
“You are you, I am me!”
Power entered Minerva’s eyes as she rushed through the air at terrifying speed.
‘It must have fooled me.’
At the time, I never thought it would be Theraje.
‘Oh, is it quiet?’
Although it was already time for the Aganos Guards to act, there was no sign of anything on the ground.
“Wait a minute!”
Sirone hurriedly followed and shouted, but the more he did, the more fire rose inside.
‘I don’t know what you’re thinking, but I saw the wrong person!’
Jets shot like arrows as Minerva and the card players floated in the air.
The walls exploded with a roar.
“Really, why are you like that?”
Shirone spat out annoyedly, but it was too late to turn the situation around.
“Hmm.”
Minerva, who entered the castle through the collapsed wall, pulled out the jet embedded in the floor.
“Is anyone there?”
Sirone, who had followed the people playing the card game, held out her hand.
“Wait a minute. Maybe this isn’t it… … .”
Then Gando opened the door and came in.
“You are here. The Empress is waiting for you.”
Even the imperial castle items were destroyed due to trespassing, but nothing was said about it.
“what? Where are the guards going?”
“There were special instructions. It is an order to make sure there is no inconvenience in serving guests.”
If it was an empire other than Kashan, the hospitality would have been considered excessive, but the opponent was Mitochondrial Eve.
‘Is this also a design?’
Minerva, recalling her memories of the past, licked her lips and moved on, and Gando guided them.
The place they arrived at was a room in a completely different location from when Sirone had come before.
“Here you are, Sirone.”
Uorin was waiting with her hands folded in the crystal-lit room.
“… … .”
Minerva opened her mouth, and the people playing the card game watched in awe.
She was wearing light makeup, a red ribbon tied around her neck, and a black dress that matched her white hair.
“pretty.”
Sirone knew for the first time that there was anything so pretty in the world.
‘Nice job, Gando.’
When Uorin’s eyes were filled with joy that he couldn’t hide, Gando let out a sigh of relief.
‘Now the Empress takes care of it.’
The prettiest thing in Gando’s eyes is also the prettiest thing in Sirone’s eyes.
On the other hand, disbelief lingered in Minerva’s eyes.
‘what’s this? Why is this?’
Her mind was confused by the disposition so different from the Theraze she knew.
‘It’s like… … .’
Isn’t that what a woman in love looks like?
‘It’s not strange that Theraze wants Sirone.’
However, if it was really urgent, it was only necessary to extract the seeds by force, regardless of means and methods.
‘The choice to gain through love is too inefficient. No, efficiency or something has no meaning to Theraze.’
Sirone said.
“Sorry for making a fuss. I wanted to come in quietly.”
“are you okay. Because I already knew and prepared for it.”
When he heard that Minerva was coming, Uorin saw that she might ruin the whole board.
“As expected, it’s Uorin. You look really pretty today.”
Uorin was so dizzy that she lost consciousness.
‘What do we do? Worse than expected?’
His unrequited love was to the extent of it, and he was a person who had been in his heart ever since he was a primitive man.
My desire grew so great that it overpowered my reason, and my body felt so hot that I felt as if I had turned into a beast.
Minerva smiled and approached.
“Long time no see, sister.”
“Ugh.”
At the words of pouring cold water on the hot heat, Uorin’s expression crumpled at once.
“sister?”
Tilting her head and thinking, Sirone recalled the contents of Uorin’s letter and realized.
‘Come to think of it… … .’
Minerva pointed at Uorin.
“Sure, sister. No, should I call you a senior? Because she is the one who taught me the joys of witches.”
Theraze lived a life of a witch before becoming Empress of Kashan, but Uorin didn’t want to bring it out.
“Because it is part of history. But as you know, Theraze isn’t one person, right? You should know that your senior, Theraze, is no longer in the world.”
“It’s good, it’s comfortable.”
Theraze endlessly changed her body through generations, but Minerva’s body remained the same as when she was a witch.
Uorin noticed.
“I’m sorry about that time. But I didn’t lead them to witches, they met by chance… … .”
“Ho Ho! right! then we met there I remember now.”
Sitting on Sirone’s shoulder, Minerva looked at Uorin and whispered in his ear.
“Do you know what a great witch Theraze was? She must have been named Electra or something. Right?”
“Hey, can we talk about the old days later?”
Minerva pretended not to hear.
“I learned a lot by working with my sister. Because I was surprised. One day with close to 100 men at once… … .”
Minerva’s eyes fluttered with excitement.
“… … .”
Uorin, who tried to twitch her lips, was weeping with her reddened eyes.
Lives rose from Gando’s body.
‘Should I kill him?’
Maybe I should call a wind chime.
“Uorin, are you okay?”
Just as Sirone held out her hand, Uorin twisted her body and ran out of the room.
Sirone, who had been staring blankly at that scene, looked back at Minerva with a furrowed brow.
“Why do you keep talking nonsense? The person said he didn’t want to hear it.”
“What am I? If the person in question wants to say something, they can do it. Is it true anyway?”
Sirone, who could understand Minerva’s feelings, couldn’t go deeper.
Gando raised his chin and approached.
“You must have made up your mind and made fun of it, right?”
“Why don’t you find a place to intervene and join in, kid? Anyway, appease your queen and bring her. Because we have work to do.”
“I’ll go.”
Sirone looked back at Gando.
“Take him to Uorin. It happened because of me.
Gando was lost in thought
‘If you consider the empress as dirty… … .’
At that time, Kashan will mobilize all the power that Minerva has to wipe it out of this world.
“Please pick me up.”
He stared into Sirone’s eyes and then turned around.
‘I’m not that kind of person.’
It was a fact that I realized from the first time we met at the Tormia Magic Association.
“Follow me. You will be in the annex.”
In front of Uorin’s room, which was guided by Gando, Sirone knocked slowly on the door.
“Uorin, are you in?”
No answer was heard.
“I’ll go in for a minute.”
Shirone nodded to Gando and opened the door, blinking her eyes while holding the doorknob.
Uorin was sitting cross-legged on the bed, smiling and beckoning.
“ah… … .”
When Sirone, conscious of Gando, hurriedly closed the door and entered, Uorin got up from the bed.
“Welcome. Sit here.”
“Are you feeling a little better?”
“at all. I really hate that girl. But it’s not like she doesn’t understand.”
Uorin suggested a drink.
“drink. I didn’t take the sleeping pills, so don’t worry.”
I was finally relieved.
“Actually, I wasn’t cold-hearted either. I was so emotional at the thought of meeting you. Minerva made me cold.”
“Then why did you leave crying?”
“There’s something I want to talk about just the two of us.”
As Sirone put down her glass and waited, Uorin looked away and said,
“Would you like to make love with me here and now?”
“Uorin, that’s… … .”
“I know. There’s someone else on your mind And that heart will never change, don’t you think?”
Sirone honestly nodded.
“I also have a great responsibility called Kashan. So let’s make love here. It can end everything.”
“I can’t. that… … .”
It would be a betrayal of Amy.
“I am speaking for you.”
Uorin met Shirone’s eyes.
“I can’t tell you, but I know how you must love me. And if I use this method, you have to be my man whether you like it or not.”
I thought there was no case where the heart was robbed.
“Gando worries about me. But i’m not worried I’ve prepared for a long time, and the way to win your heart is already perfectly established in my head.”
Since it was the words of Mitochondrial Eve, the designer of history, it could not be dismissed as bluffing.
“Eventually I will have you. no matter how sad you are rather want it So this is the final favor of my feelings. If you love me just for today, I will let you go too.”
When Sirone was silent, Uorin added.
“To be clear, not twice. This is your last chance to love Amy.”
last chance.
‘I’m going to choose Uorin?’
I couldn’t even guess what the reason was, but I wouldn’t tell you anyway.
“Nothing will change.”
Sirone was adamant.
“I don’t want to hurt Amy. It doesn’t matter if I really love you, but other than that I’ll never change my mind.”
“… … okay.”
Woorin closed her eyes.
‘It turns out like this after all.’
Even if the lower case is useless during the Great Purification Period, Mitochondrial Eve’s vision is different from that of humans.
If you integrate all the events that have happened so far, you can vaguely predict what will happen in the future.
Above all, Uorin was a human with the most powerful vision of the future among Theraze.
“Okay, Sirone.”
Wu Lin smiled.
“Let’s go out. I have to work now.”
In the end, Sirone would be held in her arms, so Uorin was happy to let him go with a smile.
—————————————

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-779.txt
=============YYYYY=============
[779] Justice of Evil (1)
When Sirone and Uorin returned to the room, Minerva was putting the <Law Kill> on the table.
To her right sat the card players—Gudio, Agaya, Ness, and Mays, in that order.
“Are you feeling a little calmer?”
When Minerva smiled and said it wasn’t her fault, Uorin responded with a smile.
“sorry. You showed an ugly side to your immature younger brother.”
After confirming Sirone’s heart, there was no reason to be shaken by Minerva anymore.
‘There was something.’
Mitochondrial Eve’s field of vision far transcends that of ordinary people, so Minerva stopped thinking of digging into it.
“Let’s talk about work. As promised, I brought you the <Law Kill>. Now tell me how you will punish the atrocities.”
Uorin looked at the people playing the card game and gave a meaningful smile.
“Great people have come.”
There was no way that Uorin didn’t know the faces of the four best gamblers in the world.
‘Even the ivory tower is paying attention. If they are, they will be of great help in dealing with <Law Killing>.’
As Sirone took a seat next to Minerva, Gando turned the car around and Urin sat down for the last time.
“As you may already have guessed, the atrocity I point out is Gustav Habitz, the emperor of the Gustav Empire.”
The eyes of the people playing the card game narrowed.
“The Gustav Empire has already finished preparing for war. A world war will break out in the next 48 hours.”
Some aristocrats near the border had already arranged their property and fled to other countries.
Uorin unfolded the world map.
“The beginning of the war will be here, the Republic of Korea.”
The Republic of Korea, a peninsula protruding from the northern continent toward the Pacific Ocean, was crushed by the Gustav Empire.
“Gustav cannot be expanded without destroying the Republic of Korea. Of course, it should have already been eaten, but… … .”
said Minerva.
“Ancient weapon Ex-Machina.”
“okay. I’ll explain later, but that’s why Gustav hasn’t invaded the Republic of Korea so far. But in the event of an all-out war, occupation is only a matter of time.”
Sirone asked.
“What is the judgment of the Republic of Korea?”
“No official statement was made. He’s probably weighing the temple and Gustaf. Depending on which side you join, the fate of your country will be different.”
Minerva snorted.
“If it were me, of course I would join the Gustav Empire. It’s too geographically inconvenient. While Valkyrie goes to support, her country must already be in ruins.”
“It’s the same idea. So, of course, they are proceeding with alliance negotiations behind the scenes. The only problem is, if Havitz is truly atrocious, there’s no way he’ll accept the offer.”
“In the end, the key is Havitz. Are you saying that it is better to punish the atrocities as soon as possible before the damage of war increases?”
“that’s right. That’s why you need <Slaughter>.”
Harvits has broken the perfectly interlocking three-legged structure, killing him will restore the balance.
Wuolin looked back at the people playing the card game.
“What you have to do is to design a law that will surely kill Habitz through <Law Killing> ability. Humans, emotions, funds, culture, laws, any part can be changed. All support will come from the temple.”
“It won’t be easy.”
Gudio spoke, and the card players remained silent as if they agreed.
“That’s natural. Because it kills the emperor. That’s why I called you, the best gamblers in the world.”
“Not the best in the world.”
Mais looked at Uorin with torn eyes.
“I don’t think anyone knows how we met and why we came to the Ivory Tower.”
“What are you talking about?”
Agaya, the bald old man, said.
“Yeah, at one time it was the best in the world. But we have something in common. That I lost to the same person 14 years ago.”
It was the first time Minerva had heard of it.
“You lost? to whom?”
The skeletal Ness’ face darkened even more.
“Now it seems to be called Gustav 4th Art. God of War, Vulcan.”
Uorin recalled the impression of being rambunctious like a Balkan bandit he had seen in the temple.
“What is the odds of winning?”
Gudio said.
“There is no such thing as a win rate. Because I couldn’t win a game. In any event, the rules for winners and losers are divided, and Balkans do not lose.”
I didn’t think there could be that much of a difference.
“How is that possible? No matter how good a gambler you are, you can’t break the odds.”
Agaya shook her head.
“I don’t know. I calculated it perfectly, but when the game is over, I feel possessed. It feels like he alone knows the rules of the game.”
“It’s not a chance.”
Ness, who returned from the shock of 14 years ago flowing backwards through the years, said with strained eyes.
“He reads the military flag.”
Also called mob.
Imperial Castle of the Gustav Empire, Marshak.
One of the largest artificial structures in the world along with Jincheon’s Yeomra and Kashan’s Aganos.
While each department was busy preparing for war, only the military Balkans were quietly playing chess.
Hundreds of chessboards were connected into one.
“What are you doing? Leave it soon!”
The 23 soldiers of the Empire facing the Balkans suffered from headaches while looking at the location of over 2,000 horses.
‘I don’t know. What should I move?’
In a game of chess, whether you win or lose, there is always a winning trend.
Just by moving the first word, future possibilities drop exponentially.
‘But when hundreds of plates are connected… … .’
It goes over to the realm of senses that cannot be calculated with the human mind, and the standard of probability is lost.
“Let’s move this.”
After discussion, 23 people moved the pawn on the chess board at position 127 by 278.
‘I do not know.’
A piece can use all of the connected chessboards, so I wasn’t sure if my choice was the right one.
“It is a foolish judgment.”
The soldiers flinched at Balkan’s words.
“If we respond like this, isn’t there a way?”
The bishop on the chessboard numbered 7 horizontally and 16 vertically, which seemed to have nothing to do with the soldiers moving their pieces, moved.
‘I never know. What the hell does that have to do with it?’
In the future, if the horses moved about 2,000 more times, something might be seen, but the number of cases that the military and Balkans could choose until they reached 2,000 were infinite.
‘Prediction is impossible. It’s not a matter of calculation, it’s completely open to probability. It’s just the beginning.’
But how come he never won?
‘In the end, the game ends according to the general commander’s words.’
The soldiers looked at the Balkans, blessed by the gods of both Munmun and Wumu, with fearful eyes.
‘In his eyes… … What do you see?’
At the edge of hundreds of boards, Vulcan sat cross-legged and looked down at the battlefield.
‘That place is weak.’
He could clearly see the golden melody swirling through the thousands of words.
The soldiers moved their words to a point where the light was particularly weak in the light that filled the board.
“It is a weak judgment.”
Servants can also calculate the entire arrangement of pieces.
‘It would be easier if I gave up.’
Discipline denies probabilities.
It is not the form that the military discipline sees, but the gaze of the crowd that changes every moment due to its form.
“Let’s stop. You guys have already lost.”
What the military flag conveyed through the location of the horses moved by the soldiers was the reverence for the Balkans.
“What about the emperor?”
“Ah, from what I heard, a walk in the compound… … .”
“I’m bored to death.”
Vulcan said with a yawn.
“Why is the day so long today?”
Sirone asked.
“Are you such a difficult opponent?”
People who play card games answered unanimously.
“It is difficult.”
Agaya raised her index finger.
“Crowd Air is not an objective probability, but rather a peak of relative response. In other words, no one wins in a game with an opponent. If such a person is next to Havitz, he should be able to respond sufficiently to the law of <Slaughter>.”
“But also… … .”
said Ness.
“That’s why an enemy worth defeating. We will definitely win this gamble.”
The fighting spirit of those who played the card game flared up.
“good. So now let’s get into the analysis. First of all, we need to know who we will be dealing with.”
Uorin looked back at Sirone.
“villainy. Have you ever met them in your life?”
“Hmm, well? I’ve met quite a few bad people… … .”
Minerva pointed to herself.
“me?”
“It’s not atrocious.”
Uorin shook her head.
“Of course, Minerva, you’re a really bad girl, but atrocities aren’t something that’s expressed to such an extent.”
Minerva pursed her lips.
“So you probably don’t want to hear… … .”
this is the story.
“I’d like to avoid it for the rest of my life.”
It is a story about the most distant human beings in the world, about atrocities.
* * *
“Help me! Her husband is dying!”
In the commoners’ quarters of the imperial castle, Marshak, a woman was out on the street and screaming.
“What is it?”
The man who ran in hastily was an old man in his 50s dressed as a clown with a drum on his back.
“Ah, that… … .”
The woman who was about to ask for help frowned when she saw the man dressed as a drug dealer.
“Someone please help! my husband… … !”
She couldn’t recognize the face of Zetaro, one of the four Gustav artists.
“So tell me! After all, I learned medicine. Shouldn’t people be saved?”
Zetaro was the most outstanding doctor in the Empire.
“Can you really save it?”
It wasn’t a matter to jump on without confidence, so the woman decided to trust Zetaro’s words.
“Here, here it is. I suddenly burst into foam and collapsed.”
Her husband was lying on the floor, and her little daughter and son were crying on the stairs.
“I’ll take a look first.”
Zetaro, who looked at her husband’s complexion and pupil’s reaction, recognized the symptoms at once.
“Basquiat Virus. Have you been to the lake in the past two months?”
“yes? Ah yes! I once went fishing with my friends!”
Zetaro rummaged through the merchant’s bag and pulled out a vial containing a brown liquid.
“This drug… … .”
“Can you live by drinking it?”
“No, this is my drug. I have some chronic illnesses.”
The woman looked at Zetaro, who opened the lid of the vial and gulped down the medicine, in bewilderment.
“Please save my husband! Can you save it?”
“It’s the Basquiat virus. The cure is… … .”
Zetaro, who hesitated while taking out a scalpel, bit his lip and suddenly shouted.
“How do I know that!”
As he looked up at the ceiling with blood vessels in his eyes, he hacked at her husband’s chest with a scalpel.
“Kaaaaa!”
The woman screamed and the children rolled their eyes and fainted at the sight of blood oozing out.
“Wait, what the heck… … what are you doing… … .”
Zetaro, who had already been vaccinated, went outside with a bowl of hot blood on his face.
“Hey, Jetaro. I’m hungry. Would you like to go get something to eat?”
Havits in shabby clothes and Natasha in a suit approached, accompanied by the guards.
“Your Majesty, another life has been lost. So, so sad… … .”
Jetaro was unable to speak due to the unbearable sadness.
“I will sing a song.”
Hopping with his left foot and pushing his right foot to beat the drum, he held the trumpet and blew.
“Turbab Ddudu. Tur bab bab tu.”
The sound of the trumpet played by the best singer in the empire rang the heartstrings of passers-by.
“You bad children! What are you doing after killing your husband? … !”
When the woman came out of the house with a knife, the guards immediately pinned her to the ground.
“Aww! He is the emperor!”
People who had been watching the performance in a state of fascination realized the situation and left.
“Puhahaha! Fuhahaha!”
Havitz, who found the current situation so funny, was holding his belly button and bursting into laughter.
—————————————

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-78.txt
=============YYYYY=============
[78] Dark Uninvited Guest (2)
Sirone thought that Amy was kicking back as a joke.
Please enable JavaScript
“Sorry. Are you surprised? I didn’t tell you to surprise you. How is your senior class?”
Amy showed a look of caution. Then, when Sirone tried to come closer, she hurriedly slapped him on the arm. The two cups of coffee she was holding flew away.
Sirone put on a blank expression. I couldn’t see this as a joke. Amy’s face was also flushed red, as if she were really angry.
“Who are you doing this to? And while you say you are a senior to Seriel, why are you talking mean things to me?”
Seriel also showed a displeased look, as if this wasn’t the case.
“Are you in the advanced class? No matter how interested you are, isn’t this kind of approach a little out of place? And you should use respectful words for seniors. What’s this? Not even a fly.”
Sirone was dumbfounded. Amy and Seriel were acting as if they didn’t know themselves.
“Seriel-senpai, this is me, Sirone. don’t you know me? Amy, do I really not know? Are you kidding me?”
“How do I know you? If you are a student, please study. Annoyingly, can’t you tell the time and place? Do I look that easy?”
Amy grabbed Sirone by the collar. I was really annoyed. She thought that by the time she reached her senior year, she would say goodbye to all the troublesome men, and she would follow her all the way here.
‘I wanted to be quiet for a while, but it’s starting again. This is all because the child is not changing. He hangs out with strange kids and goes around doing nonsense… … .’
Amy muttered inwardly and tilted her head.
‘what? the child? Who is that?’
There must have been a certain person involved in the reason why the male students at Chigeundae dropped out, but I couldn’t remember.
Caught by the collar, Sirone felt as though her heart had been pierced. There was no intimacy in Amy’s eyes.
“no… … This is not it.”
Sirone shook Amy’s hand that was holding her by the collar.
“no! Do not lie!”
“ouch.”
Amy clenched her wrist and put on a painful expression. However, Sirone shouted as if he hated even that appearance.
“Why are you pretending not to know! what did i do wrong If you don’t like it, just say no! If it’s like this, I’m offended too!”
“you! go away!”
Seriel pushed Sirone away. Since it was Seriel and no one else, Sirone couldn’t even resist and slammed his ass.
“Why are you bullying my friend? Even for seniors! where is your class Do you really want to get scolded?”
Sirone looked up at her with a world-lost face.
‘Siriel… … .’
Amy’s best friend. She always tops the list with her outstanding skills, but she was a natural girl who would shed tears while watching her romance novels. She remembers Sirone. The way she enthusiastically cheered her on whenever she took on a tough challenge.
But now she was a completely different person. Her eyes were on fire and her pursed lips were tinged with hostility.
Sirone shook her head. He wasn’t unbelievable, he didn’t want to believe. This could never happen.
“no! It is a lie!”
Sirone slipped to his feet and ran. I felt like I would go crazy if I stayed here for even one second.
“Don’t come again! If you mess around like this one more time, I’ll tell the teacher!”
Seriel, who made a hand trumpet and shouted, said to Amy, frowning as if she was still angry.
“Ugh, what kind of kids do you have? Her face has a gentle look, but she is very tenacious. oh my, Amy. Are you okay?”
“huh? Oh, it’s okay.”
Amy, lost in thought, suddenly came to her senses. But she still felt uneasy. It was because she felt a strange longing for Sirone as she walked away.
“Who are you? Are you acting like you really know me?”
“I guess I just pretended to be crazy and bumped into it. Because there are a lot of kids like that these days. Unsympathetic to try to cross someone.”
“is it?”
“Anyway, I’ll go in. Hey, I was going to talk to you for a while, but the break time was over because of the weird kid.”
Even in the same graduating class, they had different majors, so it was difficult for them to find time to ask each other’s regards if they didn’t make time for each other.
As Seriel entered the classroom, Amy followed. But she stopped going into the front door and looked back at the place where Shirone had run.
“… … .”
Until the class bell rang, she stayed in her seat.
* * *
‘Why are you doing that! What could be the reason!’
Sirone ran like crazy. After passing through the steel door and arriving at the advanced class building, the class bell rang and students entered the classroom.
“mark! mark!”
Mark, who was flirting with Maria, turned his head. Sirone ran up to him and asked him.
“mark! do you know me Who am I! Tell me quickly!”
Mark looked back at Maria, embarrassed. But she shrugged her shoulders as if Maria didn’t know either.
“excuse me… … who are you?”
Sirone’s heart started beating like crazy. He couldn’t figure out what the hell had happened to him.
“it’s me. It’s me.”
“So who are you? I need to talk to know.”
“it’s me! It’s Sirone! Class Five! I took the test with you too! Do you really not know?”
Mark’s expression wrinkled. However, he couldn’t argue with the class five and bowed his head politely.
“Ah yes. I’m sorry I didn’t know.”
“That’s not it! Why are you treating me that way!”
What are you saying to yourself? I wanted to get rid of it according to my nature, but I couldn’t because there was attention from others.
“You guys, class started, but you didn’t go in. What are you doing?”
Shiina was walking from the hallway. Sirone rushed to her in her mood to meet her savior.
“teacher! It’s me, Sirone!”
If it was Shiina-sensei, there was no way she would forget herself. because she is strong She’s a certified 6th class wizard. But her return words were cruel.
“Sirone? There is no such student in the advanced class. who are you?”
“Sir, don’t you know me? This is Sirone.”
Shiina looked back at her memories. But she was a name she didn’t know, a face she didn’t know.
“I think something went wrong. I hadn’t heard of a freshman coming. Are you really a student at our school?”
Mark and Maria’s eyes changed sharply. Shirone, who suddenly became a suspicious person, suddenly became frightened.
“I’m sorry! I was mistaken!”
“Hey! Stop there!”
Leaving behind Shiina’s voice, Shirone desperately ran away. I seemed to know now. what happened
Everyone has forgotten themselves.
“Ugh, black… … .”
I felt like a lost child. he was infinitely weak. I felt afraid of everything in the world.
After entering Eastas, Sirone got lost three times before arriving at the Supernatural Psychic Research Society.
‘My friends will be fine. Of course, why not?’
Hadn’t we been exchanging jokes just a few hours ago? Even if everyone in the world forgot, they deserved to be remembered.
When I opened the door and entered, Ned and Iruki were chatting. Then, when she saw Sirone, she made a surprised expression.
“Nade, Iruki, it’s me. I am Sirone.”
My friends just blinked their eyes without answering. As the dam of emotions that had been blocked up until now collapsed, Sirone’s face turned into a tear-stain.
“Why are you not talking? do you remember me You haven’t forgotten, have you?”
Nade looked back at Iruki. Then he came over to Sirone scratching her head.
“excuse me… … who are you?”
Tears glistened in Sirone’s eyes.
“I really don’t know? We were together until now. We studied together yesterday and the day before!”
“I’m sorry, but we don’t know you. Did another research society send it to spy on you? Please don’t mess around and leave.”
Iruki shouted as if he had suddenly realized.
“for a moment! Maybe that’s possible. How did you find the path to Estas? tell me soon! Who the hell are you?”
“You, you… … .”
Sirone’s lower lip protruded. I couldn’t stop crying anymore. No, I didn’t even want to bear it.
“pooh… … .”
Air leaked from Nade’s mouth. Then he grabbed her stomach and burst into laughter.
“Puhahaha! did you see Did you see this expression? This is a complete masterpiece!”
“saw! saw! Totally terrified, you, you… … . Ha ha ha! Sirone, what are you trying to do by making me laugh?”
Nade laughed so much that he grabbed his aching stomach and staggered.
“Uh-huh, uh-huh! Oh, the more I think about it, the more I go crazy! Why the hell would you do this… … Ha ha ha!”
Sirone did not understand the situation. I couldn’t even tell if it was real or a dream.
“What, do you remember me?”
“What nonsense are you talking about? Did you suddenly have a nightmare? Do you know how funny your face is right now? Fuhahaha!”
Sirone’s pulse went out of whack. It felt like the boulder on his chest had finally rolled off.
“Ah, sir! Then you don’t have to talk! Why the hell did you pretend not to know?”
“When I came in, the expression on my face was so funny that I was joking around. you were like this me, it’s me It’s Sirone.”
When Nade imitated Sirone, Iruki hit the floor again and fell to his stomach. Shirone, who didn’t even have the energy to criticize, sat down and covered her face with her hands.
“Whoa, I thought you were really scared to death.”
“Sit down for a moment. What is it?”
Sitting on the sofa, Sirone enthusiastically confessed the situation from a moment ago. At first, the children, who were foolish, became serious when the topic of Shiina-sensei came out.
“Hmm, you mean you don’t even know Shiina-sensei? There’s no way the teacher was playing a joke.”
Nade couldn’t believe it at all.
“Is that really possible?”
“It is possible with spirit-type magic. Of course, it is doubtful whether it is possible to manipulate the memories of all students.”
“Because it is possible. I’ve been through it myself.”
Iruki calmed down the pounding Shirone.
“okay. don’t get excited just because it is Anyway, I believe in what you say. It means people have lost their memories of you.”
said Nade.
“But we do remember. Could this passage be a hint for the situation?”
“i think so too. I can only think of one reason why we haven’t forgotten Sirone. That you haven’t been to school for two days. What the hell happened while we were gone?”
Sirone and the others were lost in thought. While they were gone, someone manipulated the minds of not only the students but also the teachers? It was an assumption that didn’t make sense right away.
“Maybe something supernatural has happened? If you look at the examples, there are quite a few similar things historically.”
Iruki was skeptical.
“Well. Although I think that case has to do with magic too. Anyway, if that’s the case, how does that explain why we haven’t lost our memories?”
“Maybe it was because I was in Estas. We’ve been here ever since we broke up with Sirone.”
Sirone asked.
“What does that have to do with Estas?”
“It has been rumored that Estas has mystical powers for a long time. Of course, it’s a rumor, but I’m trying to do everything I can think of. It has to do with our personal affairs.”
said Iruki.
“That means there’s a chance we’ll lose our memories too.”
“Because I can’t be certain.”
Silence passed. It would be sad that people couldn’t remember, but it was also a problem that they lost their memories.
Nade spoke up courageously.
“still… … Would you like to go out and see?”
“Well, it’s not something that can be solved by hiding, right?”
Friends were right. However, Sirone, who had already been through terrible things, did not like it.
“Then what if you all forget me too? I might really go crazy by then.”
“Let’s do this. to be marked in advance. Even if you lose your memory, you can avoid the worst.”
—————————————

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-780.txt
=============YYYYY=============
[780] Justice of Evil (2)
* * *
“If it is man who defines good and evil, then who is good and who is evil?”
Wu Lin continued.
“How do you know? 100 goodness calls 10 good bad, and 10 evil calls 1?? bad bad.”
The world seems to be full of bad guys.
“You are only right. The moment you realize that you can never be right, you will lean from neutral to good… … .”
Intelligence.
“That doesn’t mean enlightened people don’t do bad things.”
Therefore, human life is a tragedy when seen from close up and a comedy when seen from afar.
“Then, what about the evil gaze? If you look at human life from the farthest distance… … .”
If you look at the farthest from human beings, our lives can’t find any logic or probability.
“It’s just a F*cking comedy.”
* * *
“Puhaha! It was great! It’s also Jetaro! I deserve the title of Gustav 4th skill!”
Havitz couldn’t stop laughing.
“A person has died. But what do you mean laugh? Stop taking care of yourself.”
As Zetaro turned his face, Harbitz’s laughter stopped.
“… … .”
Natasha, who was caught in the middle, smiled, rolling her large, severed eyelids.
“Puhahaha! That’s really funny! The best comedian! Isn’t that right, Natasha?”
“There is no question.”
Zetaro held back laughter until the end.
‘Those who want to make others laugh must not laugh themselves.’
Gustav 4th class, Rosica Zetaro.
Although he has the ability of a doctor, a master craftsman, and a comedian, he has a different reason for Havitz’s liking for him.
“Zeta is fun.”
Because it resembles you the most.
“Hey, sumodo! Come here quickly! What Zetaro did today… … .”
Upon arriving at the imperial castle, Sumodo came out to meet him.
“That is not the problem now. Aren’t you going to play Republic of Korea? I’m bored with Balkan right now, so I’m going to die.”
Harvits dismounted.
“You haven’t hit yet? hit it now War is what the Balkans enjoy the most, so you can do it yourself, right?”
“Even so, I put one bag in. I’ll see you soon. We will capture the city of Pasipah, close to the border.”
“The Vulcan sent it, so we should win. do it yourself. You take care of the loot yourself.”
“That loot. The military will take care of the women, but I want them to be called in to some extent and sold to the public for money.”
“why? Are you out of money? Can I steal it from another country?”
“Young guys want to go to the battlefield after having some fun, don’t they? Domesticating slaves and distributing the money to households could raise taxes.”
Harvits gave a thumbs up.
“As expected, my king. Ah, come to think of it, Zetaro killed one person while performing. Select 10 handsome and strong guys and send them to the woman. Worth more than her husband. Give me about 100 million gold.”
“All right.”
* * *
Uorin patted his head.
“All they have in their heads is how to make themselves happy.”
Other people’s feelings are not included.
“Killing people, hurting others. All can be said to be evil. But that is not the definition of evil.”
what is evil
“Ignorance.”
According to Uorin’s definition.
“It doesn’t mean that I am stupid or unlearned. Because we don’t know what is right, there is no standard for judgment.”
So, ignorance is chaos.
“Of course I have no guilt. They don’t even know that they are evil. The function of <Law Kill> is excellent, but it is quite difficult to squeeze into this gap.”
It must be because it is outside the law.
* * *
“Are you really going to do this? If it comes out like this, I can turn it all upside down.”
Ardakh, the Vice Minister of Environment of the Gustav Empire, had a hobby of making maids into debt on purpose and dragging them into bed.
“Don’t keep doing this. I told you no.”
However, Marie was not caught.
“Come on? good is good Think of your old mother at home. Can you cure the disease?”
It was because countless maids had already told Marie of the humiliation and humiliation suffered by Ardakh.
“I don’t need that kind of money. It is also her family’s business that her mother is sick. Because I’ll earn it… … .”
“Such a cheap thing!”
Ardak yelled and raised her hand, and Marie shrank with a frightened expression.
“You know how I can’t do something like you? I am the Minister of Environment. Shall I hang myself in the plaza right now?”
Gustav’s nominee was a tyrant for generations, and it wasn’t even about killing a lady-in-waiting at the vice-minister level.
“Sal, please save me.”
“Then borrow money. Understand? Let’s do it legally, legally. You are good and I am good.”
the guards shouted.
“Please, Your Majesty the Emperor!”
Ardakh, who shook his shoulders, quickly stepped back, and the maid next to him bowed her head side by side.
“Yes, yes, there are many hardships.”
Harvits, still wearing shabby clothes, approached the deputy minister scratching his groin.
“What are you doing here? Hmm.”
The lady-in-waiting frowned for a moment, then met Havitz’s eyes and her face turned pale.
“ah… … sorry.”
As Harvits reached out, Zetaro took out a hatchet from his bag and handed it to him.
The moment the handmaid’s heart sank, Havits struck down the hatchet and drove it into Ardak’s skull.
“Justice done.”
“Queueex!”
As the ax blade hit the crown of his head, eyeballs flew out of Ardak’s screaming eyes.
“Huh! Whoops!”
While the terrified maid was breathing heavily, Natasha opened one dangling eyeball.
“… … .”
After rolling her eyes with her fingers for a moment, she put it in her mouth and sucked the blood from the other side.
“eye.”
He half-pushed his eyeballs out between his lips and turned his head, and Havis burst out laughing.
“Live happily. Give him 100 million gold too.”
He tapped the lady-in-waiting on the shoulder, and Havits passed by, and Natasha followed and spit out her eyeballs.
“Hey, you’ve gotten stronger.”
As Natasha turned the corner with her arms raised, the lady-in-waiting sat down and vomited.
“Wow! Wow!”
* * *
“Evil comes from ignorance.”
It was no coincidence that wizards, a symbol of intellect for generations, were the pinnacle of their time.
“Nevertheless, in some cases, evil looks attractive. Like a good person or a bad person. Humans are creatures of illusion, so once you’re good, you see bad things as good, but… … .”
Wu Lin shrugged.
“Actually, there is no such thing. Good deeds and bad deeds are just fragments of chaos.”
Sirone asked.
“How could such a person exist?”
“Because it is extreme. If you think about it that way, the polar line is also bizarre. Your philanthropy and mine are the directions that are the furthest away from humans.”
said Minerva.
“Something like childhood trauma?”
If you find the cause of the present Havitz, you will be able to find a strategy.
“I analyzed it by history search, but it is estimated that there are few.”
Ness asked.
“Does that mean there are few or not at all?”
“When Havitz was three years old, it was the time when he was interested in the human body. I once stabbed her maid in the eyes and blinded her.”
“… … .”
“As a tyrant for generations, Gustav’s genes are violent, but it’s not without the influence of the environment. If the maid had removed Havitz’s hand, she would have died.”
For resisting the emperor’s son.
“The lady-in-waiting screamed with her eyes covered. Young Havits looked around her with her bloody hands on her. And what happened to her?”
While everyone was paying attention, Uorin twirled her fingers and said.
“Everyone in the room clapped and praised Havis. I mean, with a terrified look on his face. That is absolute power.”
Sirone murmured.
“I don’t know what is right.”
“okay. There is no opportunity to learn environmentally. But not all children of powerful people become atrocities. There may be more we don’t know about… … .”
Uorin shrugged.
“Maybe there is no reason. No matter what kind of training, Habitz might have become atrocious.”
Gudio said.
“Young kid. That’s a hint.”
Uorin clicked with her fingers.
“That is correct.”
* * *
Upon entering the grand hall of the imperial castle, Vulcan was waiting with a world map open.
As a result, with all four Gustav artists gathered, Havitz rose to the throne and stretched out.
“Asker.”
Zetaro, who had prepared a powerful drug in an instant, handed him a smoke pipe, and he bit into one and smoked it himself.
Vulcan said while Sumodo was rolling around holding on to any of the maids in the Grand Hall.
“We have captured Pasippa. The mayor was captured alive, and the number of citizens who have been recruited is approximately 70,000.”
Havitz, drunk on drugs, shuddered.
“Kill.”
Zetaro, his eyes wide open, stumbled over and pulled Havits by the hair and rolled it to the floor.
“Hehehehehe, that’s funny.”
While Havitz sprawled out and his lungs were throbbing, Zetaro sat on the throne like an emperor and shouted.
“Kill it!”
“Live burial.”
Harvitz’s pupils suddenly became clear.
“Make a huge pit and bury everything. Save only those who crawl out.”
Sumodo, who was lying on the maid, turned his head.
“Do you know how much it will cost to bury 70,000 people?”
“It’s fun.”
There was no disagreement with that, and Vulcan stood up.
“I will instruct you that way. It must be quite spectacular, but when you are ready, let’s go see it.”
said Natasha.
“song! go! I miss you!”
Havitz, who had been freed from Asker’s addiction before he knew it, looked up at the ceiling and said.
“… … I’m not going.”
The action of the sumodo stopped.
“You pour that money and you don’t even look at it?”
“That makes it even funnier.”
Zetaro tapped the armrest.
“Puhahaha! I know what! I know what!”
Vulcan and Sumodo blinked, and the eyelidless Natasha tilted her head.
“Heh heh… … .”
Those who finally realized burst into laughter.
“Oh, it’s a boat! driving me crazy! Is this really great? you’re not going? I’m not really going… … Fuhahaha!”
The frightened maids trembled.
‘Crazy guys… … .’
I don’t even want to know what’s funny, but they look really happy with tears in their eyes.
“Knock-knock! Knock-knock!”
Natasha sped through the hall and began spinning in beautiful ballet movements.
Havits chanted.
“… … This world is fun.”
playground.
Although, when my mother calls me to eat, I have no choice but to go home crying.
* * *
“I hate to admit it, but… … .”
My teeth tremble just thinking about it.
“Atrocities are as pure as the spirit of a newborn child. It’s just that the direction we pursue is different.”
There is no notion of how to behave.
“Maze’s line, Sirone’s child, Nane’s ball, Gaold’s middle. Now you know what this means.”
Sirone has traveled a lot.
“The last thing you need to know is Havitz’s evil. So we have to accept this terrible fact.”
A time of chaos.
“Evil is pure.”
The eyes of those who accepted it shone sharply.
“And only the purity of that evil… … .”
Uorin nodded.
“okay. It is the only point where we can squeeze through the cracks of evil.”
The method to kill Harvitz was decided.
—————————————

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-781.txt
=============YYYYY=============
[781] Justice of Evil (3)
* * *
War broke out.
The Gustaf Empire, which had rapidly advanced to the capital of Cotria, was now on the verge of being captured by the enemy.
‘Gustav Havitz.’
Sitting atop the spire of the imperial castle, Sirone looked at the night sky with sad eyes.
‘It’s atrocious.’
When I heard the news that the Gustav Empire had buried 70,000 citizens of the city of Pasippa alive, my eyes were dizzy.
Even the commanders did not come, and the captured women were said to have been sold into slavery to their own people.
‘How can you wear a human mask… … .’
When Kotria falls, the gaze of the Gustav Empire, which has finished the crackdown, will be directed to the entire world.
“I need to find a way quickly.”
As Sirone muttered, Minerva flew up the spire in a jet.
“When did you come back?”
While the card gamers were looking for a way to kill Havitz, Sirone focused on sealing the altar.
“An hour ago. Near Aganos is almost blocked. How is the design of <Law Killing>? Are you making any progress?”
Minerva shook her head.
“I got the rough strands, but there are a lot of fine-tuned things to do. First of all, the amount of change in the law is too vast, and we have to approach the alpha and beta fish we are looking for carefully.”
Sirone said sullenly.
“okay.”
“It’s getting clearer little by little. Just solve a few key issues and you can start moving right away.”
“Yes, please.”
Sirone prepared to leave Aganos.
“You haven’t forgotten, have you?”
Minerva asked.
“I’m staying in Kashan, so I’m taking care of the altar here. Keep in mind that the Crusade is a human organisation, and Uorin also uses you to advance her country’s interests.”
“I know that much.”
Wu Lin is not pure.
With the ability of Mitochondrial Eve, she looks down on the world from the top, but she is still human.
The reason why he wanted to kill Harbitz was that his atrocious temperament threatened Kashan’s future.
‘Whatever you think… … .’
After all, he was a person who lived for himself, so he couldn’t be treated as simply as Nane or Miro.
“Nothing will change. Because I also don’t want Havitz to ruin the world. The same goes for the altar.”
“I’m glad then”
Just as Minerva snorted, Gando surged from the bottom of the imperial castle, regurgitating lightning.
“The Empress is calling.”
Sirone, looking back at Minerva, raised her hand and emitted the light of Yahweh, and they disappeared in an instant.
“There was. I’m glad.”
Upon arriving at Uorin’s room, across from the people playing card games, there was an unfamiliar figure.
“That person… … ?”
“I am the envoy of the Republic of Korea. I entered Kashan through the temple’s highest security channel. I don’t know Gustav.”
Since he already knew that he was on the brink of fall, he had a rough idea of why the death god had come.
‘But it must be irreversible already?’
The Republic of Korea’s intention to ally with Gustav was thoroughly shattered by burying 70,000 people alive.
‘Is it a feeling of grabbing at least a straw?’
As the collaborators of the Republic of Korea emerged above the surface, the temple also turned its back.
“Sit down for now. I’m running out of time, so I’ll explain quickly.”
Uorin delivered the Shinigami’s words instead.
“To begin with, I will incorporate the Republic of Korea into the holy war again.”
Minerva asked.
“What do we get in return?”
Even if Uorin is the leader of the crusade, we cannot arbitrarily acknowledge a nation that tried to neigh with the enemy.
“Ancient weapons. I will provide the Ex-Machina to the temple.”
“… … Enough.”
Minerva was convinced, but Sirone, who did not know about the Ex-Machina, was still in doubt.
“Is it a weapon powerful enough to change the battlefield?”
“Maybe, maybe not.”
Ness, among those playing the card game, said as Uorin handed over the floor to the majors.
“The Ex-Machina is an anti-legal weapon. Change the law within the radius. It is not certain, but there is a theory that the Archangel of Creation, Kariel, made it.”
Kariel disappeared.
“It’s called a weapon, but it’s more like an arithmetic device. Detect and analyze all the factors that a specific factor affects, and run the simulation until the desired result is obtained. Based on the results, we can revise and reapply the law.”
Mays said.
“For example, if I want to have pasta for dinner? Someone nearby needs to make pasta. So what if he wants to think of making pasta? My wife will have to buy pasta ingredients from the market. Then, how about for my wife to buy pasta ingredients?”
Agaya said.
“By digging endlessly in this way, we can find the first factor we need to get the result we want. maybe that’s absurd It could be because a man fell in the morning four kilometers from here.”
Gudio said.
“Of course, what the Ex-Machinas provide is only a simulation. But what if we induced the man to fall in the morning from four kilometers away based on that result?”
Sirone swallowed his saliva.
“We can print the desired result as it is at specific space-time coordinates. A painting that is only one of many possibilities. Tonight, Mais, eating pasta, a picture of the whole city with a view.”
That’s why it’s called an illness.
“It exceeds the capacity of the human brain.”
Gudio nodded.
“It’s true that an angel is a genius, but it’s impossible to make something like this without Cariel’s level of creativity. In any case, with the Ex-Machina, our design becomes more perfect.”
Woorin intervened.
“The most likely theory is that the origins of the Ex-Machinas were created in battles with ancient Gaians. It must have been for the purpose of controlling their actions against Heaven… … .”
said Minerva.
“There are no Ex-Machinas found other than this. It may have been lost, but it may not have been mass-produced in the first place.”
“Production… … stopped?”
Sirone came up with a possibility.
“okay. If it’s the latter, the Gaians have solved the Veron problem. You can get away from the law and change the future with your own will. I don’t know if it was possible from the beginning or if it was reached… … .”
“It has been reached.”
If it was possible from the start, I wouldn’t have made Kariel either.
“Eleventh sense, Ultima.”
A race that broke through the laws of the Ex-Machina against Ankera’s resistance and established an integrated mental system.
‘Gaia.’
They didn’t know who they were, and they missed Sirone.
“by the way… … .”
Shirone, who had lost her mind, asked.
“No matter how great the power gap is, why are we being pushed helplessly when there is such an ancient weapon?”
the shinigami said
“Ex-Machinas are not omnipotent. There are three main reasons why we lost to Gustav.”
The Shinigami’s fingers folded one by one.
“First, lack of manpower. As you may have heard of the functions of the Ex Machina, the performance is divided into thousands of different categories depending on the user. Originally, it was something that angels calculated. Without at least equivalent brain function, the moment you enter the device, you go insane.”
I didn’t want to go in because that would be the case for sure.
“Second, the limits of the radius. The radius of the Ex-Machina is up to 200 kilometers, so wide that it is called a map weapon, but it can’t even cover a quarter of the Republic of Korea. At least I had this to protect the capital. That’s why we are negotiating alliances like this.”
The Shinigami clenched his fists.
“Third, Total Military Vulcan. I don’t know how that’s possible, but whenever the Ex-Machina changes the law, it reacts almost instantly.”
it was a crowd
“If we change, the other side changes too. Due to overloading each time, all 5 users of the Ex Machina died. Although there is a 2nd team, it should be said that they do not have the strength to fight when the 1st team is defeated.”
Revealing each country’s inner circumstances meant that it was risking life and death for this alliance.
‘The same applies to the temple. If the Balkans read the discipline, we also need the 5 most outstanding… … .’
Sirone raised his hand.
“Wait, 5 people?”
The Shinigami explained.
“Originally, it was a space for one angel, but it is a device that exceeds the amount of information that humans can process. So I connected the brains of four people in parallel, and connected the remaining one in series to make the final decision.”
As Sirone turned to the people playing the card game, Agaya shook her head.
“We’re going into the parallel side. The balance of brain functions is important, but teamwork is important.”
Although they lost to Vulcan, they were undoubtedly the strongest four in terms of team.
“Then who’s left?”
“The temple will find a good partner. The important thing is that we are the ones who are in a position to decide our opinions. If it’s just a machine-like Servant that’s good at arithmetic, there might be a few in each country… … .”
“It’s a matter of value judgment.”
Ness nodded.
“Environmental factors should be able to solve basic human emotions as an equation. We need the temperament of a gambler who can bet on a game while his brain function is not inferior to ours. Creativity is also important.”
It was a very demanding condition.
“I’ll leave it to the temple, but the first person that came to our mind was the Black Line’s Snake. Now he joined Shion under his real name Sein. It would be possible with him.”
Sein’s Cheolryun’an calculates both emotion and reason at the same time, but Uo-Lin put on a puzzled expression.
“I’ll send an official letter asking for cooperation, but it’ll probably be difficult to bring him in.”
“Why? Shion would want to stop Habitz more than anything else, right?”
“The movement of Heaven is unusual as Terraforce no longer judges the apostasy. Currently, Sein is enlisted in the Heaven defense line along the labyrinth. You will not be able to join us in this, which may take several months.”
It was a matter as important as Harvits, so even the people who played card games abandoned their lingering attachments.
“Ambiguous. Most Servants have weak emotions. What we need is not a great calculator, but a perfect gambler. But to find such a person… … .”
“there is.”
Sirone’s eyes trembled with excitement.
“Human emotions can be represented by equations… … .”
There is a bar where the movement of the hologram was designed by predicting the emotions of all students at Alpheas Magic School.
“Excellent computing power.”
When he emits electricity from his eyes, he can calculate all events in the city in 3 seconds.
“A gambler who is willing to take risks when necessary.”
He led Scrumble Royale to victory.
“that… … Is there anyone?”
While Minerva tilted her head, Uorin smiled meaningfully.
“Hmm, indeed… … That would be fun.”
Sirone, who was encouraged by those words, stood up from her seat and turned to Uorin.
“Can I recommend one person?”
She readily agreed.
“That is an honor. If it is a letter of recommendation from Yahweh, you will not be able to recklessly present an opposing opinion even in the temple.”
While Sirone smiled, the two pointed at each other and spat out at the same time.
“Mercodyne Iruki.”
—————————————

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-782.txt
=============YYYYY=============
[782] Justice of Evil (4)
* * *
The letter with Kashan’s seal arrived in Tormia by the fastest route on the Red Line.
It was a registered letter delivered directly to the head of the dragon, and Albino left as soon as he read the letter.
“smart.”
When there was no answer to his verbal knock, the albino opened the door and entered the room.
“If someone comes, look at me.”
Through the gap in the pile of papers piled up on the desk, Iruki, whose eyes were wide open, lifted her face.
“If you are a human, look at what condition I am in.”
Albino came.
“Looking at the crazy guy saying crazy things, it seems he hasn’t gone crazy yet.”
“… … What happen?”
Iruki openly revealed his troublesome face.
“Congratulations. Now you don’t have to bother with chores.”
When the albino threw the letter, Iruki lowered his gaze to check Kashan’s seal.
“What is this?”
“A scouting offer came from Kashan. go to the temple If you don’t mind, I will actively support you in the kingdom.”
Iruki paid attention.
“That’s Okay. I haven’t settled down here yet. What kind of temple is this? Anyway, useless… … .”
The Mercodyin family, which served as the head of the Dragon Thunder for generations, was proud of the son who did not want to cut off the line.
“You didn’t like it, dragon.”
“You don’t go to the bathroom because you don’t want to poop?”
The albino kept his cool and watched his son who was absorbed in his work.
‘Yes, even Mercodyne is just homework for you.’
This has been decided.
“Don’t do that, at least read the letter. The conditions are quite good, and you will like it.”
When the albino knocked on the table where the envelope was placed, Iruki stopped working and frowned.
“You said you weren’t interested. I’m busy right now, so go home… … .”
“It’s a letter from Sirone.”
Iruki snatched the envelope and took out the letter.
“… … .”
I read the letter as fast as my eyes moved, then went back to the first page and savored each sentence.
“Whoa!”
After entering all the contents into his head, he exhaled deeply and rubbed his face with both hands.
The albino, who knew what his son was thinking, said with a warm smile.
“go. the world wants you The situation is dizzy, but I can protect Tormia.”
There were no words spoken.
“You have a talent that others do not have. But even that talent is nothing more than a miracle of probability created by all mankind rolling the dice. Don’t think it’s yours just because it came to you. Write for the world.”
“… … I’ll go.”
Iruki’s eyes were firm as he made his decision.
“It would be fastest to use the Red Line International Station. Kashan will open a military channel when we arrive at Molton Kingdom.”
All countries under the Red Line have a magic circle facility in their association that allows them to jump to other countries.
“When is Baska held?”
“In the next 57 minutes. If you miss this, you will have to wait 12 hours. I will go through the procedures, so go to the Magic Association now.”
However, there are many things to consider when jumping between countries, such as diplomatic issues, so the opening time of the magic circle is limited in accordance with international law.
‘You won’t have to wait in Molton…’ … .’
In Molton, a border country of Kashan, it was possible to jump directly to Kashan using the Empire’s military channel.
“It will still take quite a while, won’t it?”
Taking into account the delay of each station, we had to wait on average about 6 hours per country.
“Sleep, eat and eat on the way. Don’t forget to exchange for international currency. If you have a good wife, they will take you unconditionally. Maybe not? Will your face eat you on another planet, or in another country?”
It wasn’t worth responding to.
“I’ll meet Nade and leave right away. Please take good care of me even if I am not there. In the end, he’s the one who will explode, so there won’t be any damage to the kingdom if you keep him.”
Nade, who returned to Tormia with Liz, was researching an ancient weapon with the authority of a dragon mine.
“… … Please.”
Even the albino could not joke about the back of his son leaving the world.
Iruki packed his briefcase and headed straight for Nade’s annex.
“Nade, go in.”
The kingdom’s first-class secrets and documents containing information about ancient weapons were scattered on the floor.
Nade sat smoking a cigarette at a table littered with empty bottles and half-left coffee cups.
“It is a very good thing.”
Nade’s appearance was almost a dead man.
“what’s the matter? Aren’t these business hours?”
Iruki, who had picked up a bottle of alcohol that had been run over by his foot, asked as he put it in the trash can.
“When you drink, do you come up with good inspiration?”
Nade, scribbled on paper, patted his temple, sucking on his cigarette.
“Let me relax. You can think creatively only when you release the tension that you must do.”
“Then how about coffee?”
“Awakening the tired brain.”
“Then what about cigarettes?”
“It tightens the blood vessels in the brain to speed up the blood flow. I can think more than the same amount of time.”
So called, it was the three kinds of creation.
“Then die.”
“I can still hold on. because you are young It’s all about choice and concentration. I’ll quit everything once this is resolved.”
Now Nade needed 120 percent.
“What’s going on anyway?”
Nade, who was relieved from being immersed in the ensuing conversation, raised his head and looked at Iruki.
“glad rags? Where are you going?”
Iruki took out a letter.
“Sirone calls me. I think I need some help. I’m going to Kashan. You won’t be coming back for a while.”
“Sirone?”
Nade jumped up on the table.
“I am? Did you call me too?”
Iruki pretended to read the letter.
“It says you are not needed. People like you just get water in a plate and snore… … .”
“Don’t play around.”
Nade snatched the letter and read it.
“Hmm, that’s it, right?”
Nade’s eyes, blurry from fatigue, regained their clear firearms.
“Anyway, I’m sorry.”
“joy! to be sorry Go and help Sirone. Because I have work to do on my own.”
Nade returned to the table and wrote inspiration in scribbled handwriting.
“Let’s see what I will do in this war. I’m going to make a lot of money and destroy those who made Sirone cry.”
No money, no war.
‘cheer up. I can do it.’
Nade, who was a pure engineer, believed in achieving his potential when he became an engineer aiming for money.
“I’ll contact you.”
Nade raised his hand in silence, and Iruki slowly closed the door and left the room.
* * *
“Im here.”
Sirone, who had been walking around Aganos’s spacious room, jumped at the official’s words.
‘come! I’m here!’
Upon arriving at Aganos’ castle gate, Minerva and the people playing card games, Uorin, were out.
The Empress of the Empire didn’t have to come to meet her, but Uorin was just in a good mood.
‘Because it’s Sirone’s friend.’
Getting to know a loved one’s friend is as enjoyable as getting to know a loved one.
“Open the inner door.”
As Iruki appeared through the opening of the huge door, Minerva raised an eyebrow.
“Is that kid Iruki?”
The Servant that Sirone praised until his mouth was dry.
‘Certainly not an ordinary appearance.’
He had light brown hair, one set of eyes, and was skinny, and his coat was bigger than his body, so the sleeves fluttered.
Iruki raised his hand while the people he imagined looked like Sein were watching with puzzled expressions.
“It’s been a while, Sirone.”
There was no reply, and when Minerva turned around, Sirone was crying.
“Iruki… … .”
are on the same side
He was a friend who would never change and stay by his side no matter what future unfolded.
“Iruki… … this person… … .”
Sirone broke down in tears.
‘Is it like that?’
Minerva looked back at Iruki.
‘A person who can be okay no matter how weak he is.’
The infinite mage’s spirit, which even Garcia admired, seemed unshakable under any circumstances.
Seeing that Shirone collapsed in a second, she too had no choice but to acknowledge Iruki.
“Why are you crying?”
Putting the briefcase on the floor, Iruki smiled and came closer and hugged Shirone.
“Was it hard? Good job.”
It was enough comfort, and Sirone, who was speechless, just nodded.
Uorin smiled and approached.
“nice to meet you. I am Theraze Uorin, the Empress of Kashan.”
“Thank you for inviting me. I’m Sirone’s friend Iruki.”
Even with the apex of the Three Emperors in front of him, Iruki looked straight in the eyes and asked for a handshake.
‘Mitochondrial Eve. Is it the eyes of a person who contains history? You did well against a woman like this, Sirone.’
Uorin also recognized it at a glance.
‘Extremely strong heart. Even though they’re friends, they’re really different.’
While exchanging glances, thinking that it would not be easy for each other, Sirone said brightly.
“Iruki is a researcher belonging to the Tormia kingdom dragon mine.”
Woorin smiled as if he had accepted.
“Of course you know. It must have been a difficult trip, but thank you for accommodating a difficult request.”
“You have to listen to know if it is difficult or easy. Please reserve a seat for now. Because I want to start quickly.”
It was not yet resolved, but the eyes of the people playing the card game were finally bright.
“great. Gando will guide you.”
The destination was the Panic Room.
It was small, but it was good for private conversation, and people who were new to each other briefly introduced themselves.
After the greetings, Wu-Lin conducted the meeting.
“Sirone may have written it down in the letter, but hearing it yourself will help you make a decision.”
The whole situation of the war, as well as the concept of atrocities, and explanations of Ex-Machinas and <Law Killing> were continued.
“Hmm, a weapon that changes the law.”
As expected, the part that the Servant Iruki showed the most interest in was the ancient weapon, the Ex-Machina.
Gudio said.
“It’s okay to call them out and say this, but it’s unknown how well you’ll handle the Ex-Machinas. I have to take a test. Teamwork also needs to be checked.”
It’s not that I’m ignoring Iruki, but the world’s strongest brain was needed to handle the Ex-Machina.
“If I drop out, I might just have to go back. It doesn’t matter who recommends it.”
“of course. I don’t mind anytime.”
Ness brought out the key.
“In addition, please keep quiet about the Ex-Machinas you heard today until the war is over.”
When Iruki, who failed the test, disclosed the information to his country, all strategies were in vain.
“… … I see.”
It was a problem that could have made him feel bad from Iruki’s point of view, but he nodded his head obediently.
“By the same token, we cannot provide information about the alpha and beta fish we are looking for. The summary is here. Then, go to the Ex-Machina.”
“That doesn’t matter either. but… … .”
The people playing the card game stopped leaving and turned to Iruki.
“Alphafish and betafish. I don’t know who it is, but I think I know what you’re looking for.”
Agaya asked.
“Why do you insist on being human? It would take a lot of laws to kill Havitz?”
“No matter how the law is changed, in the end it is human beings who define good and evil.”
Gudio met Ness’ eyes and asked.
“so… … Who do you think we are looking for?”
“Two emotions that will ripple through the purity of chaos.”
Iruki extended his index and middle fingers.
“The one who loves Havitz the most, and the one who hates Havitz the most. These two are absolutely necessary for <Slaughter> to succeed.”
“… … .”
Upon exposure of the core strategy, the card game players remained silent, neither affirming nor denying.
“Okay, let’s begin.”
As Iruki made his way to the exit of the panic room, Shirone and Uorin turned to each other and smiled.
—————————————

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-783.txt
=============YYYYY=============
[783] Alpha fish (1)
The Ex-Machina was a cube measuring 4 meters wide, 4 meters long and 4 meters high, and weighed 7 tons.
It was made of smooth metal and had henna, the language of angels, engraved in gold on the black surface.
“It looks like a giant metagate.”
Minerva agreed with Sirone’s words.
“Even if Archangel Kariel made it, the technology is still based on the mecha system.”
Wu Lin added.
“Meccas like cubes. It may be for technical reasons, but this form itself can be seen as a mecha.”
I nodded my head naturally when I remembered the Mecca civilization I had encountered in heaven as well as the magic warehouse Istas.
“Let’s begin.”
When the god of death opened the Ex-Machina, there was room for five people.
The people playing the card game, which had already been demonstrated, entered first, followed by Iruki last.
“Iruki, do your best.”
Four people sat side by side on the second floor, and Iruki took his seat in the center of the first floor.
When I placed my palms on the hemispherical glass on both armrests, a device resembling a drone descended from the ceiling.
With the EEG sensor covering his nose, Iruki turned his right hand over and raised his thumb.
“You don’t have to work too hard from the beginning.”
After the voice of the god of death, the exit of the Ex-Machina closed, and after a while, a terrifying mechanical sound was heard.
Sirone covered her ears at the noise that filled the large warehouse and slowly stepped back.
As time passed, the sound got louder, and when the 7-ton weight was about to shake, the god of death shouted.
“Damn it! Don’t overdo it!”
The noise was so great that only my lips seemed to move, but I was able to fully realize the seriousness of the situation.
“Iruki… … .”
Twenty minutes passed by quickly, and finally, the hellish noise died down and the exit opened.
As thick steam spewed out, the iron door opened, and Iruki immediately jumped out.
“Wow! Whoa!”
Seeing him lying on the floor and vomiting gastric juices, people kicked the ground and ran.
“Iruki! are you okay?”
Looking down at the ground with shocked eyes, he hadn’t yet realized that it was real.
“What happened?”
When Sirone turned her head away with resentment, people playing card games descended with bitter expressions.
Gudio looked down at Iruki and said.
“Passed.”
It was a brain function that could be said to be monstrous.
“Our tutorial is to manipulate the winner of a 4-player card game.”
“So what?”
“In the middle, Iruki struck first. Are you bored? So we also raised the plate.”
said Ness.
“This is the test. Changing the final winner in a tournament of 300-player card games as we designate.”
Agaya added.
“It is a difficulty in which you have to manipulate not only the win and loss of each game, but also the real-time financial status of 300 people, and even the drawing lottery. It passed the test by making the 17 characters we designated, one after another, the final winner, such as the one blinded by greed, the foolish one, and the beautiful woman.”
“… … Did you do that simulation in 20 minutes?”
In real life, it was the amount of information that would take a month, and just hearing it made my head throb.
“Oh, I am going to die. My head spins around.”
Shirone, who supported Iruki as he stood up while wiping his lips, threw a tantrum.
“Be honest! Did you overdrive?”
No one can live long enough for the sparks from the cortex to escape through the pupils.
“are you okay. That’s about it.”
Transcendence is to transcend the barriers of a specific world, and this also applies to Overdrive.
However, what Iruki destroys is not the natural world, but the living world, and even his own body.
“What is this about! What should I do if I overdo it in the test, not in real life? I am… … .”
The memory of Iruki going into overdrive during the graduation exam remains painful for Shirone.
“If you ever get it wrong… … !”
Sirone’s eyes grew hot.
“Sirone, my father said so. There are many people in the world who want to do this but can’t.”
Just because it came to me doesn’t mean it’s mine.
“We, humans, can never move forward unless those who can do it do it.”
Shirone remembered the day she first met Iruki.
‘Yes, you were that kind of person.’
People playing card games in a solemn atmosphere also acknowledged him with one heart.
‘I thought it was childish behavior… … .’
A young man who was willing to carry a burden as heavy as his enormous talent, he was a good partner to fight with.
Iruki patted Shirone on the shoulder.
“Anyway, I’m used to it now. There won’t be any ugliness like this in the future, so don’t worry.”
said Ness.
“No, you did very well. When we first started the Ex-Machina, it stretched for almost an hour.”
Achaia said.
“Let’s start training in earnest tomorrow, and we’ll have a little briefing today. Come follow us.”
As long as it was accepted as a team, what the people who played card games knew, Iruki had to know too.
“See you later, Sirone.”
Iruki, who was following them, looked back at Shirone and winked one eye.
“… … .”
It meant don’t run away.
* * *
The imperial capital seen from the spire was as dark as the deep sea except for a few small lights like fireflies.
‘Amy… … .’
Shirone couldn’t sleep either because he knew why Iruki insisted on meeting him today.
“sorry. The meeting is late.”
Iruki descended from the top of the spire as if on a slide, and stopped with his foot on the railing just before he fell.
“Oops. Is this your room?”
Lying on the slope with an arm pillow in his eyes, Iruki’s eyes captured countless stars twinkling in the night sky.
“Good. Not even frustrating.”
Sirone smiled and welcomed him.
“Did the meeting go well?”
“It is a very sophisticated strategy. The problem is that it is not easy to find alpha fish.”
“Who loves Harvits the most?”
“huh. Alpha fish are also called pilot fish. It is the fish that enters first when raising ornamental fish and creates the environment of the aquarium.”
Iruki raised his index finger.
“Because it is important to put the first button well. Those who hate Habits, Betafish can be found if you want to find them… … .”
Thinking that the talk would be too long, I stopped talking about work and went to the main topic that Sirone wanted.
“The other kids are doing well too. Nade is developing technology in Yongle, and Dante got a job at the Tormia National Intelligence Service. He ate together a few times… … .”
I missed my days at Alpheas Magic School.
“Maya rejected the proposal from a famous agency in another country and signed a contract with a performance agency in the kingdom of Tormia. Fermi seems to have left the kingdom, and then… … .”
Since he was a dragon in charge of events throughout the country, Iruki was also quick to know about the current situation of his alumni.
“Everyone is living a busy life.”
However, he didn’t say anything about the person he really wanted to hear about, Amy.
“… … How are you doing?”
In the end, Sirone asked.
“ha.”
Iruki opened his heavy mouth.
“Since you said goodbye through your dreams and left, I passed the official exam. And not too long ago, while I was training as a Tormia Magic Corps Officer… … .”
“While receiving it?”
Sirone swallowed his saliva.
“It looks like you are dating another officer. If I meet you, please tell me thank you for all this time.”
“Eh, Amy?”
Sirone’s face turned pale.
“Puhahaha! It’s a joke! There’s no way Amy would be without talking to you.”
Sirone was really angry.
“you really! No matter how joking it is… … !”
“It would have been really nice if it had been like that.”
Iruki stopped talking.
“He left the training center halfway and came to me. He was holding the temple’s recruitment notice. He said he needed a letter of recommendation, so he wrote it through someone he knew.”
“If it’s a holy war, Valkyrie?”
“okay. Do you know what I mean? Tormia isn’t that serious yet. But the crusade searches for battlefields. Somehow, life is in danger.”
Amy’s voice lingered like a dream.
– Because I’m going.
“To meet me… … .”
“okay. you called me because i needed it But not Amy. I risked my life to somehow become the person you needed.”
Raising his upper body, Iruki looked down at the capital.
“I wanted to stop, but I couldn’t. I felt good when you called me by letter. So I understand Amy’s feelings. Neid too, we want to fight together.”
Sirone was speechless.
“once… … How about going to Valkyrie? You can tell the queen. Are you the leader of the temple?”
“It is rather the opposite.”
It wouldn’t be nice to show a crush on Amy when he knew Uorin’s heart.
‘No, he must already know.’
He wasn’t stupid enough to ruin things out of jealousy, but there must have been a reason for not telling Sirone.
“It hasn’t been decided yet. There is a letter of recommendation for the kingdom, but that’s what all applicants have. If Valkyrie does not pass her own training, she will return to Tormia.”
“I will pass.”
There was no way she would give up trying to meet Sirone even without mentioning the Karmis family.
“… … okay. That is why it is a problem.”
The two young men sighed.
“Iruki, you said you felt good when I called you.”
“It did.”
“It’s the same. Because the country will too. If the day comes when I can confidently meet Amy… … .”
A bright energy lingered in Sirone’s eyes.
“I really need Amy. I’m sure Amy will make it.”
if that day comes
“It is already spring.”
It was a better morning than yesterday.
* * *
Southern Kashan.
The city of Harmatan was an area where the military facilities of the Empire were concentrated, and it was also the location of the Valkyrie Army Headquarters.
“Day! row! bell! big! Day! row! bell! big!”
Amy was present at the place where Valkyrie applicants from all over the world entered the training center, raising their voices.
“hurry! Hurry up, you kids!”
It numbered about 300 people, and unlike ordinary troops, the proportion of women exceeded 30 percent.
“The man this way! The woman over there!”
After giving a letter of recommendation and receiving a name tag, the scary instructor like a tiger yelled threats and separated the men and women.
“quickly! Why are you so slow! Do you still think that you are the flowers of the kingdom? You fools!”
All applicants were talented people who were favored by the king, but there was no one who did not excel in the temple.
‘It’s no different here.’
From going through special schools in each country to passing the official exam, they were familiar with competition as if they were breathing.
‘It’s just going higher.’
Amy recited the line with a calm expression, and the other applicants did not seem to change their emotions.
I was waiting with a name tag on my chest, but the instructor pointed the baton at the iron gate.
“This is your grave!”
On the signboard hanging under the arch, ‘Welcome to all of you who applied for Valkyrie.’ it was written
‘Wrong spelling.’
It was the most terrifying thing since coming here.
“Everyone enter!”
As the military band started playing, the instructor raised both arms and shouted.
“Welcome to Hell! Corpses!”
—————————————

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-784.txt
=============YYYYY=============
[784] Alpha fish(2)
The place where Amy arrived was the parade ground where you can see the accommodations for female applicants to stay.
Male applicants were crowded across the barbed wire, but the distance was too great to see properly.
‘Are they training separately? If so, Valkyrie was a little disappointed.
“The commander is entering!”
A tall man with dozens of scars carved on his face like a medal came walking with an instructor.
“Salute to the commander!”
While salutes and slogans from different countries exploded simultaneously, some volunteers did not move.
Either way is right.
Even so, Gomez, the commander of the Valkyrie Recruitment Platoon, growled like a tiger.
“You’re such a ragtag! ok? What a mess!”
Among the close to 100 women standing in a row, none showed off their displeasure.
“From now on, you guys will experience horrendous sexism! Because I’m a damn serious sexist! There is only one reason! Because I am a man!”
Gomez punched the first applicant in the face.
“Are you feeling bad? ok? Answer me!”
“no!”
Again and again, a voice rang out.
“It’s a confirmed elimination! I have no pride in this! Why did you crawl all the way here to wage a war?”
Gomez, who moved away before the first applicant could even refute, asked the person next to him again.
“how about you? Are you feeling bad?”
“yes! I feel bad!”
“shut up! What if you feel bad? I’m the boss, you’re just a pawn! If it sucks, be the commander too! So do your best to discriminate against men! Got it!”
“All right!”
Gomes turned to the instructor.
“As you all know, this place is hell! And especially hell for women! I’m a male chauvinist with a bad temper, and I have severe anger control disorder!”
After opening the box containing the letters of recommendation, he took out a bunch of documents and waved them to the applicants.
“You know what this is? A letter of recommendation with the seal of the king. Of course I didn’t even read it! is this kindergarten? What are you asking me to do by throwing away just one of these things?”
The letter of recommendation was ripped from the top of Gomez’s head.
“No need for shredding paper! Do you know what a demon is? They’re just like me! If I see fuzzy kids like you, I’ll go crazy wanting to bully them! So tore the demons apart… … !”
Gomes, who was giving a long speech, stopped talking with an absurd expression while looking at someone.
“Hey, you.”
At first, no one responded.
“you! Red hair!”
Amy looked away, confirmed that they were pointing at her, and took a step forward.
“Admission Crew Karmis Amy!”
Gomez, who was silent for a long time, asked.
“… … What are you wearing makeup on?”
Amy was a little taken aback, but immediately came to her senses and raised her head.
“No makeup!”
“Oh yeah?”
Gomez came closer and inspected it.
“You’re not wearing makeup, are you? Absolutely awesome! The demons will be very excited! Why the hell did you come here? Did you come to seduce me with that face!”
“no!”
Sparks flew in Gomes’ eyes, and he punched Amy in the face with a fist.
Falling to the floor, Amy struggled to comprehend the situation, but she stood up first.
“Ask again! Are you tempting me?”
Amy came to be a general.
“no!”
Gomes, whose face was distorted, hit Amy with more force than before.
“wake up!”
Amy stood up like a tumbler
“I will ask you one last time! You better answer well if you don’t want to be the first one to drop out! Are you going to seduce me?”
An angry shout erupted
“no!”‘
The moment he clenched his jaw and closed one eye, Gomes returned to his seat and shouted.
“Now listen carefully! All I ask of you is one thing! just die! That is our job!”
Everyone was in high spirits.
“Where is the person in the world who wants to die? That’s why we need you! It is a soldier who gets paid to die on their behalf! let’s do our thing! Death is the most sublime!”
100 women also came to this place through fierce competition, but their eyes were different from when they first came.
“more! Enter the inn and get supplies! As soon as we eat lunch, we will start the word-of-mouth news!”
Gomes, who gave the instructions, headed towards the male cadets, and the instructor followed and asked.
“How is it? I was worried about the situation in other countries, but when I read the recommendation letter, there were many more talented people than I thought.”
“Tell me what are you doing? War is the enemy. Did those flower-like kids come here because they wanted to die?”
Gomez was also a pathetic father of two daughters at home.
“These are resources that will be the core resources of Valkyrie in the future. Dealing with demons is completely different from dealing with humans. Train it harshly to the point of shedding tears of blood. Otherwise… … .”
Life flashed in Gomes’ eyes.
“Because you will shed bloody tears on the battlefield.”
When the instructors left, the women finally relaxed and let out a sigh.
“I asked what it would be like as a world army, but there is nothing special.”
“Because there is a limit to holding it with military force. It doesn’t matter what kind of training you receive.”
Amy caressed her tingly, swollen cheek and listened attentively to the conversations of the other applicants.
“Looking at the last Valkyrie call-up notice, in addition to noncommissioned officers and officers, they were recruiting generals as well? It’s a great opportunity to learn from talented people.”
As expected, thinking that no one is weak, Amy made up her mind, but someone touched her shoulder.
“uh… … !”
Amy’s eyes widened at the unexpectedly welcome face.
“Tess! Did you apply too?”
Tess of the Elsaine family.
Lian’s friend and member of the trio with Amy and Arin in heaven was smiling brightly.
“Hey, Amy. Did you get attention right from the first day?”
Amy smiled bitterly.
“I know. I must have been completely captured.”
“He must be a pervert. If I had hit him one more time, I would have come forward and beaten him.”
If it was Tess’s personality, it would remain that way.
are you okay. Even though it was hit with a fist. If I had slapped him on the cheek, I would have beaten him too… … .”
will be strong
If I go higher and become a general, then I will be able to meet Sirone with confidence.
Tess, who felt the aura from Amy’s calm expression, smiled kindly.
“okay. Let’s make sure to pass and show our example.”
Amy, suddenly aware, asked.
“By the way, what about the swordsmanship school? Do you have any motivation for suddenly supporting Valkyrie?”
Tess’ face darkened.
“My father passed away. It looks like you were attacked by the demon army while protecting the colony when the altar was opened.”
Amy’s eyes darkened.
“ah… … .”
“are you okay. because it’s not sad His father was only carrying out his duties as Commander of the Occupation Territory. However, his demons cannot be forgiven. So he read the official document and applied for the post of noncommissioned officer.”
“A sergeant? Aren’t you an officer?”
With Tess’ swordsmanship skills, she could have become an officer in the Valkyrie Army.
‘So you want to fight.’
to avenge his father.
“Amy, are you an officer?”
“huh. The Valkyrie Magic Squad didn’t pick a noncommissioned officer. Even if it’s an officer, the actual deployment is the same anyway.”
Since magic mastery belongs to a special class, it is inevitable that the scale is smaller than that of infantry.
That’s why the promotion is fast, but there were many cases where even a lieutenant colonel was directly put into hand-to-hand combat.
“however… … .”
Tess asked hesitantly.
“Have you heard any news about Lian?”
“no. Totally two pieces of news. It seems that even the Ogent family doesn’t know about it. Haven’t you contacted me either?”
Tess responded with silence.
“To be careless. I will give you a message.”
My heart hurt more because Lian would be the only person who could fill the loss of my father.
“are you okay. You’re that kind of guy Now that you’ve gotten stronger, you must be eating well and packing well wherever you are.”
Amy had a boyfriend who couldn’t read women’s minds.
“joy! It’s enough without such an idiot. You have Amy now, right? If the night is lonely, I can go out with you.”
Amy’s face turned pale as Tess wrapped her arms around her body.
“Wait, what did you just say… … .”
“Uh huh, you don’t have to take it off like that. After all, this is an army. We have no choice but to be self-sufficient.”
Amy, who was moving along with Tess, who was pulling her by force, asked nervously.
“Tess, are you kidding? huh? This must be a real joke… … .”
“Ho-ho-ho! I don’t know! How will I change too!”
Tess’ laughter embroidered the parade ground among the applicants who were still face-to-face.
“Who laughs like that?”
As the window of the command and control room opened, the general who personally attended the entrance ceremony looked down at the parade ground.
“What about those children?”
The world’s strongest flame mage, Luda Garcia.
He gave up his position as the head of Nam Eamond’s Magic Association and was currently serving as the commander of the 2nd Corps of the Valkyrie Magic Unit.
“who is this? Why are you so relaxed?”
“Lieutenant Commander.”
The officer on duty checked the two women running away laughing, then went through the files.
“This is Karmis Amy and Elzaine Tess. Their homeland is Tormia, and they seem to have known each other for a long time. also… … .”
The officer on duty wiped his lips with his tongue.
“According to intelligence, the lovers of those two are the Ivory Tower Five Stars, St. Arian Sirone, and Macha Knight, Lian.”
Garcia’s eyes widened.
“Knight of Maha? They are going straight south from the northwest region of Kashan, wiping out demons?”
Lian’s location is top secret.
“yes. Valkyrie offered me a general position, but I know you rejected it.”
“Which of the two is Oh Dae-sung’s lover?”
Sirone was in debt.
“Hey, red hair.”
Garcia caught Amy’s face in his eyes.
“Could you sort out all the items related to training results, achievements, and major specialties and send them to me?”
The officer on duty took a stand at attention and answered.
“yes!”
It was the lieutenant’s order.
* * *
What the Republic of Korea obtained in exchange for the Ex-Machina was the full support of the holy war.
The Crusade struck the western part of the Gustaf Empire with 30% of the Valkyries fighting the demons.
In the face of objective figures, the military discipline of the Balkans had no choice but to hesitate for a moment, and thanks to this, the Republic of Korea was able to breathe.
“It won’t last long.”
Next to Sirone flying to Aganos, Minerva flew in on a jet.
“Even though the Jincheon Empire in the east, the Holy Temple in the west, and the Republic of Kotria in the south strike at the same time, all we can do is block their expansion. The military power of the Balkans is certainly phenomenal.”
“Because he is the one who fights against the world. In the end, getting rid of Harvits is the quickest solution.”
And now, the information that the first button was sewn was delivered to Sirone and Minerva.
“… … What kind of person is he?”
The Ex-Machina team found the Alpha Fish.
“Anyone would be insane.”
Atrocities, chaos, ignorance.
He was a person who truly loved Havitz, a collection of all kinds of unpleasant concepts.
‘Is it possible?’
Even Gustav’s 4th class was only attracted by the smell of his own people, and it was far from love.
“You came quickly. What happened to the altar?”
When I arrived at the imperial castle after crossing the wall with the free pass, Iruki was waiting at the entrance.
“I came while it was being sealed. I heard that it is an urgent matter. Has the alpha fish arrived?”
“huh. I’m waiting in your room now.”
“What kind of person are you?”
“that is… … .”
Iruki twitched his lips, but eventually gave up on explaining and turned himself into the imperial castle.
“let’s go. See and judge for yourself.”
—————————————

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-785.txt
=============YYYYY=============
[785] Alpha fish (3)
* * *
Woorin’s room.
While the Ex-Machina team sat in a row of chairs, a woman was standing there staring at them.
As Sirone and the others entered, Uorin, who had been watching from the corner, approached with her index finger to her mouth.
“You’re here. We just started.”
Sirone looked back at the woman.
‘That person is an alpha fish.’
I expected a hysterical impression, but I was nervous with my eyes down.
“It’s surprisingly ordinary.”
“no.”
Minerva looked at the woman with serious eyes.
“That woman… … They are of the same kind as me.”
A woman born with the fate of a witch.
There is no evidence that any impression becomes a witch, but there is a common disposition among those born with the fate of a witch.
‘Aura that encourages desire.’
I want to bully you, I want to break you, and I feel like I’ll be relieved only when I see her crying while holding onto the blanket.
Uorin, who once lived with the impression of a witch, also felt the same as Minerva.
“That’s right, it’s a witch statue. But surprisingly, she’s not a witch. She runs a small flower shop now.”
Minerva narrowed her eyes.
“Witch… … no?”
If it had been so easy to defy fate, Minerva would not have made <Law Killing>.
Sirone asked.
“What happened?”
“first of all… … Let’s watch.”
When Iruki joined the Ex-Machina team, Uorin turned to him and nodded.
Received the signal, Gudio said.
“Mr. Youth Abella.”
Minerva’s eyebrows twitched.
‘Survivors of Youth?’
At one time, it was a huge village that competed for the 1st or 2nd place in the gypsy clan, but it is now known to have lost its pulse.
“Yes, please.”
Abella’s voice crept in.
“Don’t be nervous. It is not a place for interrogation. I called because I had a few things to check. First of all, you must know why I came to the imperial castle, right?”
“Yes, I heard. The mustache, no, Mr. Harvits… … .”
Abella was the first to raise her head.
“He is a very bad person.”
It was an expression that he knew in his head that Havitz was a wicked man, but couldn’t accept it in his heart.
Iruki said.
“that’s right. I have killed many people, I am killing many people, and I will be killing many people in the future. You probably know the case of burying 70,000 people alive. I need your help.”
“I-how can I… … .”
Mays asked.
“Do you think Harvits shouldn’t die?”
Abella hurriedly shook her head.
“no! If you do something bad, you must be punished! I don’t think it’s okay to kill people!”
Iruki let out a long breath.
‘It’s a witch’s fate, I know what it is.’
Even now, without realizing it, the Ex-Machina team is harassing her.
“You can tell me honestly. Even if Mr. Abella loves Havitz, we won’t harm him in any way.”
Gypsy has no hometown, but Kashan was an enemy country to her, who spent her childhood in the Gustav Empire.
‘Besides, since it’s in front of the empress, it’s natural to be nervous.’
Abella took a moment to catch her breath and calm herself down before looking at Iruki with a clear gaze.
“no. I think Harvits deserves to die.”
Still, it was strange that it didn’t sting my heart.
“From now on, I will explain.”
Wu Lin walked forward.
“They first met 14 years ago, when Havitz was 27 and Abella-san was 9.”
Everyone noticed her.
“Traditional kin killing unique to the Gustav family. Harvits was notorious for brutally killing countless of his siblings. At the time, it was said that the emperor’s sending Havitz XVII to Arcava, the easternmost point of the empire, was not a strategic choice. perhaps… … Even Havitz, 16, must have been afraid of his son.”
It was a story that Abella did not know.
“In the end, Havits XVII killed 781 brothers and became emperor. During the three resets, the method of killing them was always different. You killed your brother in 2,343 ways.”
so it’s confusing
“And at the time, that is to say, the way Havitz did it 14 years ago by the standards of the Great Purification… … .”
Uorin coldly lowered her gaze.
“He would tie his brother and wife to the ceiling, and have dinner by boiling their children.”
As if struck by lightning, Abella’s body trembled.
“14 years ago from now.”
Arkaba, the easternmost point of the Empire.
“Aww! You child! stop! Are you even human! You will be punished!”
Havitz’s half-brother screamed and coughed up blood as he hung from the ceiling.
The wife caught next to her had already lost her mind and was urinating while making a grotesque laugh.
“Hmm, what part is this?”
Harvits, who sliced the meat with a knife, took a fork and looked around.
“Aww! stop!”
Twenty-seven-year-old Havitz didn’t look much different from his face after becoming emperor, except that he had a handsome mustache.
“Fondue.”
After dipping the meat into the soup, he tasted it in his mouth and mumbled it, and his brother burst into tears.
“please… … Please. you become emperor I will help you. I’ll somehow make you emperor. So stop… … .”
“Emperor?”
Havitz put down the tableware and wiped his lips.
“Your brother is very strange. What’s funny about the emperor? That kind of thing is boring.”
“Then why… … ? Why even your nephew… … .”
Harvits looked up at the ceiling.
“The process of becoming emperor is fun.”
“Huh!”
Havitz’s older brother realized.
Dozens of brothers are still sharpening their swords, but the emperor of the empire has already made a decision.
“Kill it. Okay, stop now.”
“I’ll eat my brother for dinner too. Dessert for my sister-in-law.”
Seeing the fishy smile with his nostrils wide open, Havitz’s older brother felt like the world was spinning.
“You son of a bitch! You will get the same! My brothers will definitely punish you! Curse me! Even if I die, I will pray for you to suffer in Hell!”
Harvits yawned.
“Bored.”
When he flicked his finger, the string that bound him broke and he fell 20 meters down.
With a thud, another corpse appeared, and blood slowly spread outside the sprawled brother’s body.
Habitz asked the lady-in-waiting.
“Isn’t there anything interesting?”
There were no loyal subordinates to speak directly to him, not even swindlers who flattered him.
The lady-in-waiting, who was just terrified, said with trembling hands.
“Brother, your family members are still there. Since you are in a dungeon, why not torture yourself… … .”
“Torture is no fun, after seven.”
The maid’s shoulders trembled.
“sorry! Presumptuously giving advice without understanding Your Highness’ deep intentions! Please forgive me!”
Harvits stared at her.
“Is something sad going on?”
The maid with her face raised hurriedly shook her head.
“yes? Oh no. I am not sad.”
“Then why are you crying? Are you afraid of me?”
One thing the people around Havitz terribly disliked was being questioned.
‘Well, what should I answer… … .’
Even if it was scary, I thought I would die, and even if I wasn’t scared, I thought I would die.
In the end, emotions won out.
“It’s scary! ah! That’s not it, sorry! please forgive me! Foolish me… … !”
Havitz came to the point where the mind was gradually going crazy and the language was going crazy.
“Are you afraid of me? why?”
Havitz’s face, no, his two eyes, as he watched from close by, was so clear and beautiful.
“I’m afraid I’m going to die.”
Unknowingly, the words came out.
“Hmm. Are you that afraid of dying?”
Havitz, lost in thought while fiddling with his mustache, nodded.
“Then I won’t kill you.”
“really?”
I asked again this time.
“huh. Are you done now? I’m not going to kill you, so no one’s going to kill you?”
I had never tasted such a powerful sense of salvation in my life.
“thank you! thank you!”
While the lady-in-waiting kept bowing her head, Havits put on her coat and said.
“I can’t be bored. gotta go out and play Oh, and my brother’s gasoline, all have their knee joints pulled out.”
The maid’s face turned pale.
“Me, me?”
“If it bothers you, tell the minister. Take all of your brother’s property and gasoline. Maybe 200 people? You can play with it until you get tired of it.”
As the maid looked dazed, Haviz turned outside the door and winked.
“Live with a smile. Enjoy.”
The smell of blood wafted through the closed room.
Habitz, who had traveled two hours by carriage from Arkaba, arrived at the East Sea.
The place is famous for fishing, but after hearing rumors that Habitz was coming, all the nobles had fled.
“It’s quiet. Are you lucky today?”
Among the nobles as well as the commoners, there was no one in Arkaba who did not know the name of Habitz.
Havitz, who settled in a remote place where the forest was spreading, threw a fishing line without even hooking a bait.
“Ahhhhh.”
The boredom of the world was evident in his expression as he yawned.
Havitz’s playground is always empty.
“It’s boring no matter what you do these days.”
Left alone in a playground where no one visits, what are you waiting for?
“Isn’t there anything interesting?”
It was before I met the 4th Gustav.
“Boo. Maa. Boo.”
I make sounds by changing the shape of my mouth, and then I look at the world with cross-eyed eyes… … .
“Aaaaaaaaaa!”
He turned his head and screamed as if to suddenly destroy the peaceful silence.
“Boo. Maa. Boo.”
Then I heard a girl’s voice behind me.
“huh?”
Harvits turned around and the dirty girl in the gypsy outfit moved her lips exaggeratedly.
“Boo. Maa. Boo. What are you talking about?”
Havitz blinked and pointed to the sea.
“The sound of fish.”
“ha ha ha! How do fish make sounds? And they don’t catch fish here! Are you an idiot?”
“huh? mister?”
Harvitz pointed at himself with his index finger.
“Am I not your uncle?”
“Are you okay, uncle? You’ve grown her mustache. haha! Mustache Ahjji, Mustache Ahjji!”
Harvits licked his lips and grabbed the fishing rod.
“I wish I could catch a shark.”
The cow, who had been laughing briskly at this sight, approached Havitz and pulled his mustache with an eighth.
“ouch!”
“uh? Is that a real mustache?”
With tears in his eyes, Havitz tidied his mustache.
“This is mine. And since you are a woman, you won’t grow hair like this even when you become an adult.”
A shadow fell over the girl’s face.
“I know, me too. what a woman is.”
“okay? What is a woman?”
She smiled again and sat down at the fishing spot.
“Mister, I’m bored. Do you want to play with me?”
After thinking for a moment, Harvits nodded.
“okay. But what are you playing with?”
“I play with dolls. You are a monster, and I am a beautiful woman who runs away from monsters.”
The girl took out a doll made of woven cloth.
“sleep. This is a monster.”
What was called a monster was just a man whose physical characteristics were exaggerated.
“Okay, I’m a monster.”
Havits, who took the doll obediently, slammed it on the floor, imitating the monster’s voice.
“Kuaaa! Where do you run away! I’ll chew it up with my sharp teeth and eat it!”
“Kyaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa Help me! It’s a monster!”
Habitz moved the doll and followed.
“at there! This beautiful… … !”
Then, suddenly, he stopped and asked.
“Wait a minute. what is your name?”
The girl also took a break from playing for a while, looked up at Havitz, and then said, baring white teeth.
“Youth. Youth Abella.”
—————————————

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-786.txt
=============YYYYY=============
[786] Alpha fish (4)
* * *
Mitochondrial Eve is powerful in that it can transmit 100 percent of an individual’s experience to the next generation.
Even before they got the name Theraze, they divided like cells and absorbed the history of the whole world.
And by integrating it back and passing it on to the next generation, a vast database was built.
History search.
Uorin, who can search most of the history, found the first meeting between Havitz and Abella.
“Meeting Harvits changed Abella-san’s fate.”
A small smile appeared on Abella’s lips as she recalled the time while listening to Uorin’s explanation.
“It was so much fun playing with Mr. Harvits. Unlike other adults, I knew what I liked.”
Even though he is pointed out as the most evil person in the world, he couldn’t deny Abella’s words.
“I know, it is the fate of witches. She has been told by those around her since birth.”
The Youth were a tribe of gypsies who understood the Torah.
“If Uncle Harvits hadn’t shattered my cursed fate, I would be a witch by now and live in pain.”
The story goes back to 14 years ago.
“Let’s drill this way and make an underground waterway. Big enough for a monster frog to pass through.”
In the sand at the fishing spot, Harvits and Abella were busy making sandcastles.
It’s been more than 10 days since the fishing rod without bait has been stretched out towards the sea, but the shark Havitz wanted has not been caught.
“Are you familiar with sex?”
“Of course you know. Because it is my home.”
Abella, who was pounding the ground and flattening it, lifted her sandy face.
“Uncle, are you the emperor?”
“huh? Emperor?”
“You said your name was Harvits. Adults say that the emperor of this country is Habits.”
“Ah, that’s Havitz, 16 years old. That person is not me.”
“Can I use the same name as the emperor?”
“Hmm, well? maybe you can write There are hundreds of people with the name Habitz that I know.”
Abella muttered sullenly.
“It would have been nice if you were the emperor.”
Havits, who completed the underground waterway with delicate hand movements, belatedly asked.
“Why Emperor? I don’t think that would be very interesting.”
“Because I can do anything. Her mother says, she said, I have to become an emperor to change my destiny.”
“fate? What is it?”
After 10 days of hanging out together, Abella brought out the darkness in her heart.
“The tribesmen will see me and become a witch. My mother is also a witch. That’s why I dedicate myself to men every day.”
The Youth tribe was in decline.
“In the past, the Law of Youth was very strong, so many people asked for divination. That’s why I was able to overcome the witch’s fate. But now they said that period was over.”
The tribesmen could not cut off the name of Youth, which had a history of thousands of years, from their generation.
“Now we can’t do divination. That’s why women with a witch’s fate go around town and sell themselves.”
In Bardol Village, where the Youth tribe is currently staying, fishermen as well as pirates lived.
In reality, the two were not different.
“I don’t want to go back to the village. Adults keep coming and touching me. Her mother once got angry, and she beat to death adults who were much taller than you.”
“I guess being a witch isn’t fun.”
“of course. What would you like? Just thinking about witches is terrifying. I want to grow flowers.”
“Then can’t you? witch.”
Abella shook her head.
“They say you can’t change the law. My mother holds me and cries every night. I’m sorry. But, she said, she had no choice but to become a witch after all.”
“I do not know what I mean.”
“Of course, Uncle doesn’t know. Only gypsies know.”
“I don’t want to be a witch, so why do witches? It’s just that you don’t have to.”
perfect chaos.
The law was an absurd concept to Havitz, who was out of the rules of how it should be.
“You can do whatever you want. It’s good to live happily, don’t you have to do boring things?”
“… … Could it be?”
Abella, who was lost in thought, smiled brightly.
“But these days, it’s fun to play with you. I used to always be alone in the woods.”
A nice sandcastle is complete-
“I’m having fun too. There is no one to play with in the castle. If I did anything, I would whine and cry.”
Abella grinned as Harvitz copied the frightened faces of those around her.
“Ha, I wish I could play with you every day.”
“Then you can play every day.”
Abella noticed.
“But you are an adult. Mom said, adults are busy, so don’t bother them.”
“are you okay. Because playing with you is the most fun. You don’t have to do anything else, what does it matter?”
Abella’s eyes blinked prettily.
“I think you are very different from the adults I know.”
“What is different?”
“Do this, don’t do that, they don’t talk about this, they don’t bother me.”
“What about the other adults?”
“It’s not like that. How nagging is that? You have to be a good person, you have to handle tableware like this… … .”
Havitz twisted his mustache.
“Hmm, I’ve never heard anything like that in my life, so I don’t know… … .”
So, I realized the fact.
“The people who say that are because they are afraid. Grown-ups, I see, are always terrified.”
“What are you afraid of?”
Harvits shrugged.
“Puhaha! I don’t know. What on earth are you trembling about in this world? I try to go straight, as if there is only one line on an invisible cliff.”
Havitz pretended to walk on two fingers.
“When I walked around, there was no single line. no matter where you go is it natural But are you pretending not to know?”
“Ugh. They say it won’t fall.”
“Of course, if you want to play, you have to give people what they want. But if you don’t want to play with me, you don’t have to listen. The downside is that it’s a bit boring, but… … .”
Harvits comforted Abella.
“As long as you are not afraid, you can do anything. you grow flowers Don’t listen to boring stories like witches.”
I didn’t understand all of Harvitz’s words, but it was the best comfort Abella had ever heard.
“huh! I will grow flowers from today! Thanks, mister!”
Habitz grinned, baring his teeth.
From that day on, whenever Havitz and Abella met, they went into the forest to pick flowers.
one song per day.
I didn’t know the name or variety of the flower, but I was just happy to be able to do what I wanted to do.
The shark still showed no signs of being caught.
“Should I go out and catch it?”
Havitz, who was sitting at the fishing spot, yawned profusely as he gazed at the open sea.
“Why are you so late today?”
Abella, who had never been late until now, was not showing up today.
“You don’t want to play with me?”
Havitz missed Abella, so he spurned his seat and headed to her village.
It could be seen that a commotion had broken out from the entrance of the village, which had a fishy smell unique to the fishing village.
“Damn the gypsies! I picked up things that had nowhere to go and fed them, so they hit the back of the head like this!”
When the village leader Hexter kicked the skinny woman with his foot, Abella came running.
“Aww! mom!”
“Abella! Why did you come! Run away quickly!”
Abella shook her head.
“no! I won’t go without leaving my mother!”
Two months after the gypsies settled in the village, the pirates, who were fed up with it, tried to get their hands on Abella.
The mother, who was desperately resisting, went on to carve fingernail marks on Hexter’s cheek.
“Does this town or anything that has no foothold dare touch me? I want to die here!”
The chief of Youth stood in the way of the mother and daughter.
“I said I would do it if you gave me a job! Didn’t you all follow what you suggested!”
“job? Do you think the likes of you can go out to sea? Do you think the house, food, and chicken we gave you for free!”
“I am leaving! Send them away!”
Haxter let out a big laugh.
“Okay, leave. Instead, should I throw up everything I’ve eaten so far and go?
That’s moral, isn’t it?”
Haxter, who had pushed the chief, grabbed Abella by the hair and pulled her from her mother’s arms.
“mom! mom!”
Abella’s clay vase broke, and an unknown flower was ruthlessly trampled on.
“No! Abella please… … !”
“shut up! At this level, it’s barely worth the money! Take me!”
The chieftain crawled to the floor and shouted as Haxter’s men carried Abella on their shoulders and headed for the barn.
“You bastards! What is the child guilty of!”
“crime? Of course there is. Sin without money.”
As the men giggled and fought back, a voice was heard outside the crowd.
“Abella~. No-ol~ now.”
In an instant, silence fell, and everyone turned around to look at Havitz.
“What are you?”
The pirates, who reflexively drew their swords, saw Habitz and turned pale like ghosts.
“The King of Desires… … ?”
Shaking, the pirates’ weapons fell to the ground.
“Heh, hehe!”
It was the first time to actually see it, but there was no one among the residents who didn’t know Havitz.
‘Damn it! Oh God! why! Why the hell!’
Are you saying Harvitz is here?
‘it’s over.’
No one knows why they came to such a rural village, but one thing was clear.
‘We all die.’
There is no mercy for the king of desire.
“Aww! mister!”
After escaping from the weak pirates, Abella burst into tears and ran to Habitz.
“Yes. It’s okay, it’s okay.”
Havitz, who lifted Abella with all his might, patted the girl on the back as he walked towards the pirates.
“I’m afraid, mister! Those people trampled the flowers! I beat my mother to death too!”
“Yes. It’s okay, it’s okay.”
Realizing that he was acquainted with Abella, Haxter’s fingertips trembled.
‘What have I done?’
You can stab a sleeping demon in the side with a sword and you won’t hear anything dumber than this.
“Your Highness, we… … !”
“die.”
Harvits stopped talking.
“I don’t want to play because Abella is crying. die.”
“Aaaaaaaaa!”
Haxter yelled as if to destroy his mind, then drew his sword and cut his throat horizontally.
“Gagging!”
Seeing his death in a single blow, the other subordinates drew their swords and followed the same path as the captain.
‘This is the only salvation!’
Because if Harvits decides to play properly, it won’t end with death.
While most of the pirates chose to commit suicide, the residents did not have the courage to bear it.
“Captain of the Guard.”
As soon as Havitz’s words fell, the shadow glided closer and revealed its true identity on the floor.
“Please tell me.”
He was wearing a white mask with a mustache and a black cloak covering his entire body, and crossed his curved twin swords.
“Capture the villagers alive. All sentenced to cancer.”
“All right.”
Eyes gouged out, noses cut out, eardrums ripped out, tongues pulled out, arms and legs amputated and skinned.
It was a cancer type that he had to suffer for the rest of his life while receiving fluid in that state.
“Aww! That’s not allowed!”
As the villagers ran out to get the pirates’ swords, the shadow of the captain of the Guard moved faster than the wind.
“Kill me! please! Just kill me!”
Those who fainted came one after another.
—————————————

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-787.txt
=============YYYYY=============
[787] Alpha fish (5)
“Huh… … .”
All the villagers fainted when the man, who was about to die even by biting his tongue, was hit on the back of the neck and fell down.
The only ones awake were the gypsies, but they were dressed differently, so it was easy to tell them apart.
However, even if it was impossible to distinguish, it would have been no problem for the captain of the guards to search out the guilty residents.
‘This is why Your Highness is unique.’
Harvits is not afraid.
‘Even if you are criticized by the world, Your Highness is also the ultimate of a certain level that humans can pursue.’
This was the reason why he, who had the title of Imperial First Sword, was willing to serve the king of the outskirts, who was almost in exile.
‘I will definitely make Your Highness the emperor.’
Seven years later, he is decapitated by Natasha, a battle doll who came to Havitz’s playground.
It is said that the last will he spat out from his severed throat was ‘I saw the ultimate battle.’
“Habits?”
The gypsies stared blankly at Havitz holding Abella.
Even though he was not Emperor Gustav Havitz 16, the mere fact that he was Havitz ruling the eastern outskirts of Arkaba was like heaven to them.
‘I heard he’s an unprecedented tyrant.’
They were gypsies wandering the world aimlessly, but they knew that among the sons of the emperor, there was one with a madness that knew no bounds.
“Abella! Come on! hurry!”
Having tasted the brutality of Habitz through the pirates, even Abella’s mother couldn’t bear to approach her and only beckoned.
“Don’t be afraid.”
Harvitz whispered, and Abella nodded.
“huh. I am not afraid at all now.”
Even the scene where a person died is a catastrophe no different from a natural disaster to a nine-year-old child who almost got raped.
But what mattered to her was the fact that there were no more villains harassing her.
“Because you defeated the monster.”
Only adults see the invisible line.
“Put me down.”
Although the world’s leading scholars have not been able to give a clear definition of the character Havitz.
“Are you going to your mother? Shall we play tomorrow then?”
In Abella’s eyes, Havits was just a boy his age with superpowers stronger than any other adult.
“We must leave now.”
Having lived the life of a gypsy, Abella knew that tomorrow the tribe would move the village.
“okay?”
Harvits showed a sad look.
“Abella, come here. Don’t bother the higher ones.”
Just as her mother mustered up the courage to approach, Abella reached out to Havitz.
“Mister, since I’m an adult, can you give me some money?”
“Abella!”
Mom shouted.
“Yes, I will give you 10 billion gold. I have a lot of money.”
Harvitz obediently agreed, but Abella shook her head as if that wasn’t the case.
“no. I’m going to buy a flower here. This time, by knowing the name and breed. And I’m going to do a flower business.”
“How do you do business with one flower?”
“Flowers are sown every year. If there are enough flowers to grow, nurture, and open a flower shop… … .”
Abella burst into tears.
“Would you like to visit my store? Let’s play together again.”
Perhaps he was so sad about parting with Abella, Harvits sniffed and rummaged through his pockets.
“of course. If you want to play together, you have to listen to what you want, so I will definitely go see the flower garden.”
A gold coin was placed on the little hand.
“Abella!”
As Harvits left town, Abella’s mother ran over and slapped her on the butt.
“What the hell have you been doing? You almost died! know?”
“Aww! Why do you hit me!”
At the words of the child, who did not seem to know the seriousness of the situation, the mother grabbed her by the shoulder and met her eyes.
“Look Mom! Didn’t she tell me not to hang out with anyone? you… … Do you know who that person is?”
“huh? that person?”
Looking back at where Harvitz had left, Abella opened her tear-stained face and said,
“Mustache Archie.”
“Uhhhh! Heh heh heh!”
On the way back to the castle, Habitz cried out sadly, and the captain of the guards said,
“Your Highness, if you feel so sad about parting, can’t you bring all the gypsies to the royal castle?”
As Habitz’s crying suddenly stopped, a murderous feeling that the captain of the guards had never experienced in his life stabbed into his eyes.
“I’m sorry!”
He didn’t know what was wrong.
“Abella said she would take care of the flower garden and show it to me. But do you want me to bring you? Are you still human?”
‘I can’t figure it out at all.’
Is it so important that Abella tends the flower garden and that Harvitz later visits it?
‘Even though it seems like you’re doing what you want… … .’
sometimes completely insulated
‘No, that’s also the foot of desire.’
The idea of a promise made with a nine-year-old is only for adults.
For Harvitz, it was the most powerful driving force in life.
“A witch.”
The reason why I didn’t cut the head of the head of the guards was because I felt that there was some reason.
“Before the people of Bardol were put to death… … .”
The guards commander immediately bowed his head.
“Please tell me.”
“Investigate all family ties. Investigate the residents’ cousins, eighth cousins, and even the first cousins, and kill them all. Don’t miss out on one person.”
“yes?”
As a rough estimate, the number must have exceeded 10,000, so the guards commander raised his head.
After reading the sincerity from Havitz’s face, he hurriedly lowered his back and spewed out an answer.
“I will follow your orders!”
* * *
“It wasn’t something I knew.”
Wu Lin said.
“Havitz is free from the law, but he must feel another precept that refers to himself by the number 2 of the law. Of course, due to the nature of chaos, it is far from reason. Anyway, sensuously… … .”
It was a shocking result to the point of being stunned.
“He actually killed about 22,000 of all the inhabitants of Bardol, after examining first and second cousins.”
Watching Abella’s shoulders tremble again, Minerva opened her mouth.
“You knew it, sensuously.”
“okay. Maybe 14 years ago, if the chaos called Habits hadn’t intervened in that village, Mr. Abella would have been raped by pirates.”
That’s how you become a witch.
“Even if he hadn’t awakened from there, the result of the massacre of the villagers would have been a new cause in some way and would have followed Abella-san all his life.”
Havitz blocked it from the source.
“A whopping 14 years. By bombarding all her variables that were likely to haunt her until she reached adulthood, she made her legal mess. That is why Miss Abella did not become her witch.”
Minerva glared at Abella.
“Did you know? Since you left, all the villagers and people with even a drop of blood have died.”
“Oh no!”
After hesitating for a moment, Abella confessed.
“in fact… … yes. I heard from her mother later. If it wasn’t for Mr. Harvits, I’d be a witch.”
“They are innocent. Do you know that too?”
Abella burst into tears.
“yes.”
By the time she was nine, she could see the same things as Havitz and empathize with them.
But eventually, when you become an adult, you can see invisible lines, and Abella understood all of that.
Sirone asked.
“Did you think of calling Harvits a florist?”
“no. It’s a promise I made when I was young. Later I realized how absurd that was. The flowers I bought with the money the uncle gave me also withered in a year. At that time, I cried a lot for days.”
“the problem is… … .”
said Iruki.
“It means that promise is still valid for Harvitz. I’m still waiting for Abella to call me.”
There was no disagreement.
“Then the odds of success would be higher, but… … .”
Sirone interrupted Minerva.
“Mr. Abella, what about your current mother?”
“He passed away two years ago. Because her original body is weak. But they were happy that I opened a flower shop.”
It had been quite a while since Youth disappeared, so Abella had no family left.
Minerva opened her mouth again.
“We intend to kill Havitz. The most important thing is your will. Can you?”
‘Mister Harvits… … .’
Havitz knows how many people have been sacrificed for breaking the witch’s fate.
‘Your uncle is a bad man. He’s a really bad guy.’
Abella closed her eyes.
‘By burying people alive, starting a war, and even killing all unrelated people… … so… … .’
That’s why I live so happily
‘The conflict must be serious.’
Sirone understood Uorin’s words.
‘Evil looks attractive in some cases.’
Because they do things humans can’t.
“But you’re mistaken, Mr. Abella. Harvits are just endless chaos, man-defined atrocities.”
That’s why it shouldn’t be in the human world.
“I’ll do it.”
Having made up her mind, Abella slowly opened her eyes.
‘Yes, let’s die. Let’s die together, mister.’
Wu Lin said.
“I will give you one last chance to think. Not for you, but for us. I know it’s not going to work by forcing it.”
“No, I have decided. Although I received help from Uncle Havitz, many people died because of me.”
They also had a heart to atone for.
“I will. I don’t know what abilities I have, but I will do my best.”
When Gando took Abella out, Wu-rin turned to the audience and said.
“Once we got the alpha fish. Now, just bring the beta fish and all the preparations are over.”
Iruki leaned on his chin and said.
“… … There were survivors.”
Sirone realized it too.
“Oh, I see.”
“The 22,000 innocent people Havitz ordered to kill. But even the Emperor can’t find all of his blood relatives. Have you already found the one who hates Havits the most?”
Wu Lin spoke frankly.
“okay. Fleeing from the massacre 14 years ago, she is currently residing in Arachne Kingdom.”
Legally, it could be said to be a fantastic combination.
“Arachne? Are you in the southern hemisphere?”
Gudio added.
“The Seven Planets represent the 10 kingdoms of the Southern Continental Sea. It’s also a popular resort as a political refuge.”
“It’s also where the world beauty pageant is held.”
Everyone paid attention to Mice.
“just… … I’m curious who will win. It’s this time of year. There are no other feelings.”
Uorin sighed and said.
“The problem is that she is hiding her identity. So Sirone, I want to ask you.”
I was already promising.
“Bring me the beta fish. If it’s the Five Stars, you can request the Arachne government’s asylum record.”
“What about her?”
“My name is Amery Jaysteen. She couldn’t confirm what name she was currently using. She is twenty-seven years old, and has a burn scar from her exile under her right breast, on her side.”
An unusual wound would certainly help.
“In Kashan, it is almost end to end. Considering the waiting time at the international station, it’s no different than flying.”
Iruki asked.
“Isn’t that more monstrous?”
Woorin smiled.
“Go on Ratusa. It will help.”
A tier 3 monster, Kaidra, the monstrous bird.
When I stopped by Vanguard, an oasis in the southern desert, I had vivid memories of going through Noscarta, the god of the desert, together.
‘It was really hard, but now that’s also a memory.’
I suddenly missed Lian and Kido.
“I’ll leave right away. Please wait for Ratusa.”
When Sirone opened the door with Iruki, Mais jumped up and shouted.
“Make sure to know the color of the winner’s swimsuit!”
There was a thud and the door closed.
—————————————

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-788.txt
=============YYYYY=============
[788] Windless Zone (1)
When we arrived at Aganos’s airfield, Kaidra keepers had already put Ratusa on standby.
Iruki, who had followed Shirone to see him off, handed over his friend’s bag and said,
“How long do you think it will take?”
“Time will change depending on how much the Arachne government cooperates. It won’t be long though.”
If it was an ivory tower, there would be no choice but to cooperate, and it was also the reason why Uorin singled out Sirone.
“The problem is the idea of Beta Fish, real name Amery Jaysteen. perhaps… … Maybe you don’t hate Havits.”
Iruki also liked that part.
“I am the only survivor in the midst of the deaths of my entire bloodline. There’s plenty of room for fear to work out louder than hatred.”
The fact that he was hiding in a foreign country while giving up his name also strengthened his feelings.
“I will try my best to convince her, but I can’t help it if she doesn’t like it. Just like Mr. Abella, <Math> is not a weapon that can be coerced.”
“okay. We will come up with a countermeasure.”
If Sirone’s sincerity didn’t work anyway, it would be impossible to bring her back no matter who persuaded her.
“It’s not a dangerous mission, so take it easy. Arachne is a world-class resort. It’s been tough lately.”
Lately, Sirone’s face has become noticeably thinner.
‘A battle is a battle… … .”
Conflicting with demons who hate Yahweh terribly would have been very mentally exhausting.
“I will be back.”
Although she didn’t have the idea of taking a vacation, Sirone boarded the Caydra without bothering to show it.
“It’s been a while, Ratusa.”
As comrades who crossed Northcarta together, Ratusa happily rubbed her beak.
“If Kydra is tired, get enough rest. There is no need to put pressure on us.”
Sirone pulled the reins and said.
“are you okay. If I’m tired, I’ll pick it up and fly.”
As Ratusa stood up, a huge shadow fell, and Iruki’s gaze rose to a height of 4 meters.
“let’s go!”
Kydra’s heavy body, which flew out of the airfield, plummeted vertically.
Kyaaaaaaaaa!
Immediately, a clear groan erupted, and Ratusa reappeared and disappeared into the clouds.
“… … You say you burn yourself?”
Iruki shook his head, imagining Shirone with a rogue bird on his back.
* * *
Arachne Kingdom.
5-star Lubystro Hotel.
“Maya, are the preparations going well? Have you seen the sheet music for this song? Isn’t it awesome?”
Maya arrived in the kingdom of Arachne three days ago.
“Yeah, it was really good. It’s fun, it’s light.”
‘Elbor’, a performance agency in the kingdom of Tormia, paid special attention to the debut of a large rookie named Maya.
So, what was caught was the opening stage of the world beauty pageant, the biggest festival in Arachne.
“Well then. It is the result of collaboration between the best composer and the best lyricist.”
On average, more than 20,000 tourists from all over the world flock to see the world beauty pageant every year.
A handsome old bachelor in his mid-thirties, Falmus, the representative of Elbor, shook his fists.
“The timing is just right. Because of the goddamn demons, the scale has been reduced a little this year, but the coverage of each country’s media will be spread all over the world. Don’t worry, just sing well.”
“CEO.”
Maya said with a tearful smile.
“I know you are really good to me. I am so grateful.”
“Ha ha ha, what have I done? I just caught Maya’s natural singing ability faster than anyone else… … .”
“It’s really good, the song is good, everything is good… … .”
Knowing Falmouth’s goodwill, he struggled, but no matter how much he thought about it, he wasn’t confident.
“The lyrics are strange. I don’t think I can call it like this.”
“huh? lyrics?”
Maya shouted, spreading her arms.
“It’s too decadent!”
“Hmm.”
Palmus blinked as he recalled the lyrics, then nodded obediently.
“It’s not a little irritating. But is that good? As long as you don’t do it openly, you will be eaten unconditionally.”
“Still, the meaning is very heartfelt. I’m sorry to say this to a rookie subject, but this is… … .”
Palmers licked his lips.
‘This is the problem.’
With an impeccable appearance, singing is of course outside the standard, dancing is also equipped with a magician’s license, and even a sense.
‘But why the hell!’
Why are you so shy?
“Maya, can’t we just close our eyes and call? I know your personality. That’s why I also deleted the undressing sequence.”
Speaking of undressing, the shoulder line and breastbone were visible, but Mai hated it.
“Cha, I’d rather undress. It’s entirely my problem, but it’s because I’m really not confident.”
Even Falmus couldn’t be stubborn in the face of the determination to show his flesh rather than spit out corrupt words.
‘Is it that difficult?’
Being selfish with a singer is a shortcut to ruin, but honestly, I didn’t want to see Maya naked.
“okay. Then let’s do this. I’m running out of time, so I’ll bring in a lyricist now. Let’s think of an amendment together.”
“I’m sorry, CEO.”
Palmers laughed bitterly.
“This is my job. If there is anything that will take you in the future, please let me know. You have to be comfortable for the results to be good.”
Twenty minutes later, Falmus brought a man with a curly face and square glasses.
“It’s not that I don’t like it, it’s that it doesn’t seem to match the color I’m pursuing.”
Unlike the audition, the lyricist Moster sat at the table with a firm attitude of assertiveness.
“Okay, what part do you not like?”
Words came out right away.
“First of all, choose your vocabulary. will lick listening to the crackling What do you keep licking? and ambiguous meanings. A man hard as a stick. Come into my open heart… … .”
Moster hurriedly held out his hand.
“Oh, not the last one.”
Maya pursed her lips and asked.
“… … Anyway, yes.”
Moster sighed as Falmus leaned against the wall and watched.
“All writers, that is to say, those who create stories with letters… … .”
Maya blinked at the sudden remark.
“Most of them are idiots. In fact, there are only two types of writers in this world. A normal person pretending to be a writer, an idiot pretending to be a normal person.”
Moster tapped his temple with his index and middle fingers.
“Two thoughts run through an artist’s head at the same time. A very logical and filthy boring idea, a thrilling and terrible idea that destroys that logic.”
He snapped his index and middle fingers like scissors.
“Those two thoughts interact like electricity and become a logical and fun storytelling. double personality. It’s going crazy like that.”
“So?”
“Even while thinking of such a beautiful thing, the desire to cruelly trample it coexists. The important thing is to strike a balance. If you lean to one side, you will be ruined.”
“… … So?”
Morse pushed the chair away and knelt down, bowing his head to Maya.
“I have given up on that desire!”
“What are you doing?”
Maya stood up in surprise, but he lowered his center of gravity and did not straighten his knees.
“I was thrilled at the audition. What a great material! What would happen if I said this with that celestial voice? The destructive urge was so strong I couldn’t help but use it!”
“Are you a pervert? why do you think that… … !”
“trust me! It will definitely work! Please sing my lyrics with your beautiful voice!”
When Maya turned her head, Falmus was already opening the door and calling the guards.
“Take me out.”
Even while being dragged away, Moster did not give up.
“Please, Maya! I see you singing those words in my dreams!”
The door is closed.
“ha.”
As the exhausted Maya slumped back in her chair, Falmus approached with a smack.
“Sorry. It is entirely our mistake. I’ll try to procure a new lyricist somehow.”
I should have known the burning of personal aspirations.
“But it also means that it is a material that even veteran monsters give up money and choose their desire.’
If you can use even your bashful appearance as a weapon, it would be nice to follow Maya’s wishes.
“Okay, let’s go pure.”
Maya asked anxiously.
“There are only three days left, can you complete the lyrics in time?”
“We will have to mobilize all of the company’s manpower. Few people pull it out as sensibly as Moster, but… … :’
There was no regret about it.
“Then may I try it?”
“huh? Maya, are you?”
“yes. Actually, I don’t know what the two thoughts Mr. Moster said are, but I still want to try them.”
“Hmm. That’s not bad.”
While the lyricist was overturned, one of the strategies was to lean on the original Maya appearance.
“Okay, let’s get to work. I’ll put it up for final review. Instead, you have to practice steadily, right?”
Maya smiled with satisfaction.
‘Sirone.’
There were lyrics that I really wanted to write.
* * *
Hey hey hey!
Kaidra’s grotesque groan woke Sirone from his slumber in the morning.
“Ahhh!”
The air, which had been cold before falling asleep, had changed to the warm heat of the equator before I knew it.
“wow!”
As if the sun had broken, tens of thousands of lights were floating on the surface of the water in the windless zone.
Islands with forests and rocks were scattering colorful birds into the sky like firecrackers.
“What a wonderful place.”
Sirone shook her head.
“Still, the mission comes first.”
Sirone, who had passed the ten kingdoms of the archipelago step by step from the east, said goodbye to Rathusa in the sky above the kingdom of Arachne.
“Thank you. When I get to Kashan, I’ll buy you something delicious.”
hey hey
Sirone stroked Kaidra’s head and threw herself to the ground before it was too late.
As we descended aiming at Arachne’s capital ‘Bengal’, we heard the sound of music and crowds filling the streets.
“It is a festival.”
Unlike Minerva, the rudeness of penetrating the castle walls did not suit her inclination, so Sirone landed on a building.
People’s eyes were caught on the festival, so no one noticed the stranger who fell from the sky.
“This is the Kingdom of Arachne.”
It was the third island in the 10 kingdoms that stretched eastward from the coastline of the southern continent.
‘Aboriginal people who came over by boat from the south a long time ago are the origins of Arachne.’
Perhaps that is why, even though it developed under the influence of the continent that led the advancement of civilization, the customs of the south remained.
“Shall we go down?”
When Sirone jumped down the alley and came out to the main road, open wagons were paraded.
The moderator said as Arachne dancers in bikinis shook their waists.
“everyone! This is Miss Yakma!”
As the representative of the Republic of Yakma, who participated in the world beauty pageant, passed by, everyone’s attention was focused.
“Miss Yakma! Show me your face!”
The main character was hidden by a curtain, and a silhouette waved at someone’s request.
“You waved at me! i love you! Whoever you are, I love you unconditionally!”
People burst into laughter.
“Miss Tormia!”
Sirone’s gaze returned by itself.
‘This is our kingdom!’
As expected, only the silhouette was visible, but it was a woman with a graceful profile with her hands on her knees.
‘Who is it? I’m very curious.’
Everyone’s curiosity would be answered on the day of the world beauty pageant.
“Miss Nam Eymond!”
The host’s voice embroidered the southern sky.
—————————————

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-789.txt
=============YYYYY=============
[789] Windless Zone (2)
Every time Arachne’s dancers danced, the feathers swayed dazzlingly.
In the enchanted sight, someone suddenly approached Sirone.
“Definitely… … Isn’t it beautiful?”
It was a man in his thirties with spiky hair and a sparsely short beard.
“Ah yes.”
“Since I was old enough to pay for the trip, I have been watching this tournament without missing a beat. Are your eyes happy? the brain is happy Except for one downside.”
“A downside?”
The man said sadly,
“I couldn’t get married.”
Sirone was about to leave, but the man grabbed his arm and pulled him, whispering.
“It’s not just beautiful. The women who participate in this competition are the best brides with intelligence, virtue, and body. So how am I going to get married? People around you tell you to wake up, but isn’t a dream meant to be dreamed?”
The self-proclaimed world beauty pageant maniac seemed to have suffered a lot in his life.
“Do you know what my dream is? Surprisingly very realistic. You’re dating one of those women. I’ve already heard of savings.”
I thought I got it wrong.
“Every night it comes out in my dreams. I’d rather die that day if I could go on a date with the best beauties. this is a dream! It’s the biggest dream a man can have!”
“Hey, I’m a bit busy with something… … .”
“You must come to the competition, too. take this.”
When the man opened the zipper of his cross-body bag and rummaged through something, Sirone waved his hand.
“No, you don’t have to.”
It seemed like they were going to give you a ticket, but it was a sirone that you could come in and out at any time if you wanted to.
“Okay, take it.”
What the man took out was not a ticket, but a tournament flyer that can be picked up anywhere on the street.
“… … Ah yes. thank you.”
The man who turned like a machine made a horn and shouted to the procession.
“i love you! Miss Marchen!”
Sirone, who had slipped away, slipped out into a secluded place and stuck out her tongue.
‘There are various people in the world.’
On the way to the royal castle, I saw a leaflet with portraits of previous winners.
‘Wow, it’s really pretty.’
Human charm is white and white, but their appearance definitely had a unique corner.
“uh?”
Alas, what caught Sirone’s attention at a glance was not the portrait, but the list of invited singers from each country.
“Is it Maya?”
Even when I squinted my eyes and looked at it, the name of the singer from Tormia was Maya.
‘Come to think of it… … .”
When Iruki’s words that he had signed with a famous agency came to mind, he became interested in the contest.
‘I’ll have to check this.’
If it was really the girl Sirone knew, he thought of going there at least once.
‘I wish it was Maya.’
With such expectations, I started walking again, but there was a commotion at the far end of the procession.
“Abolish beauty pageants!”
People in black masks and black clothes were holding up signs and holding a street demonstration.
“Don’t commercialize human beauty! The Arachne government must immediately repatriate the participants!”
Just hearing the slogan seemed to know what was going on.
‘It’s not a fuss here either.’
Tormia also had a beauty contest, and whenever it happened, the voices of criticism were constantly heard.
‘I understand how you feel, but… … .”
What Sirone realized while living was that there are so many people living in the world, and finding a system that can satisfy them all is so difficult.
“Oh, my head hurts.”
human.
Isn’t this a homework that neither Buddha nor Yahweh could solve?
* * *
The officials who worked overtime in the Arachne Castle were hoarse from screaming from dawn.
“hurry! There is still dust!”
The reason for the record-breaking cleaning of the royal castle is that I received a tip that the Five Great Castles of the Ivory Tower are coming.
‘It really tastes like dying! Even when kings from other countries came, they didn’t stir-fry them like this.’
At the lower end, even aristocrats carried dusters without exception, and the ladies-in-waiting were covered in sweat.
“Keep it!”
There were only a few people who avoided labor, but the mental stress was rather more.
“Why did the stars come?”
King Paronica of Arachne, who was waiting in the Grand Hall after refining her clothes, slammed the armrest.
Wearing gold earrings hanging down to his shoulders, he gave off a strong impression of both continental and southern lineage.
“Your Highness, fix it. Oh Dae-sung is not a person to be easily accepted. Wouldn’t that have a symbolic meaning?”
Although belonging to the Seven Planets, Arachne is not particularly powerful compared to other countries.
The 10 kingdoms of the archipelago were tied together under the name of ‘Cartesia’, and their representative was only Arachne.
“That’s it, but… … .”
Therefore, the fact that the Five Great Stars came to Arachne would be a good prestige for the other 10 kingdoms in the archipelago.
“I’m a stallion.”
Everyone knows that the Valkyries of the Crusade are fiercely blocking the expansion of the Gustav Empire.
‘Maybe it’s about the war.’
If the temple had been directly involved, it could have demanded a fair reward for it.
‘That’s why I sent the stars on purpose. If this is the case, isn’t there no advantage that the country can take?’
Wu Lin is a housekeeper.
“furthermore… … .”
The consul called again.
“Currently, the biggest event in the kingdom is in danger of being disrupted. I don’t know anything else, but if it’s Ohdaesung, wouldn’t we gain something?”
“Are you talking about terror threats? Hmm.”
“From what I hear, the star named Sirone is different from the other stars, so it is said that she is not that strict. There are also rumors that Eymond South delivered a huge sum of money and obtained the governorship of Eymond North. This would mean that there is no lack of desire for water.”
“But things are different with Nam Eymond. I can’t afford to pay that much for something like this.”
“Of course it is. So why not melt their hearts by offering something other than money?”
“Other… … Right. Is it possible?”
The archon smiled.
“Leave it to me.”
After passing through the Grand Hall, the consul headed to the office of the top manager hosting the world beauty contest.
“Welcome, Archon. The construction must be busy, so please find a place like this… … .”
“I came to ask you something.”
I was anxious once.
“I’m begging you… … ?”
“Miss Arachne, Barho Rangi. We’ll have to use him for something important.”
Anxiety became reality.
“… … Are you the star of the ivory tower?”
“I like it because you understand it so quickly.”
The manager shook his head.
“That’s not it. It is disrespectful for Miss Arachne to entertain a foreign dignitary.”
“Who made that Miss Arachne? Your Highness’ name. Get it ready right away and send it.”
“Wouldn’t it be another woman? Miss Arachne has never entertained. She is a child who came all the way up here while looking at only that and seeing all the dirty things.”
“Hey, Administrator.”
The administrator’s shoulders flinched at the consul’s gaze.
“Am I asking you to die? Do you want me to pick the stars in the sky? There is nothing that people can’t do! Will you come to your senses only if you have a knife in your throat!”
The manager bit his lip and lowered his head.
“I will try my best to convince you. But if the child refuses to talk… … .”
The magistrate turned coldly and opened the door.
“You better listen when you talk.”
Arriving at the royal castle, Sirone entered the Grand Hall, being greeted by high officials.
“Welcome, Star of Great Intelligence.”
When Faronica stood up, it was clearly revealed that she was one head taller than Sirone.
“nice to meet you. My name is Sirone.”
It can be said that it is definitely different from other stars in that it is short from the introduction of the name.
“haha! Also, your spirits are on the rise. Come on, come this way. I have prepared an early dinner.”
While all sorts of food were laid out on the 10-meter-long table, only two people enjoyed the dinner.
There would be no end to pinching even the smallest things, so Sirone sat down without saying a word.
“As you may have seen on the way, the parade is in full swing. If you had given me a message in advance, I would have gone out to meet you.”
“no. It’s been a long time since I’ve seen something interesting, so I feel good. It seems like a great festival.”
There was nothing I hated more than fighting demons.
“Fortunately, the. The war with the demons is disturbing in each country, but we should live happily in times like this.”
The World Beauty Contest was a cultural business that brought enormous profits to the kingdom of Arachne.
“The reason I came… … .”
Sirone, who was reluctant and got to the point, delivered most of the information except for confidential ones.
“I would like the government of Arachne to cooperate with us in reviewing the refugee records.”
“Of course I have to help. Just with names and features, it will take some time. We have to review all records of asylum seekers from the last 10 years or less.”
“I don’t have much time. How long will it take?”
“As you know, Arachne supports free exile. Still, I will mobilize all of my manpower and take care of it by tomorrow morning.”
It was an understandable time, but it was questionable that they were so obediently conveying their country’s secrets.
‘Things work out so easily.’
In any case, Arachne promised full support, so it was best to wait.
“You are free to use all facilities in Bengal. I have reserved a hotel suite, so you can stay there.”
“yes. Thank you for caring me.”
While Sirone was riding in a house coach to the hotel, the world beauty pageant manager arrived at Miss Arachne’s quarters.
“Rangi, go in.”
When I opened the door, a beautiful woman who could be trusted as a brown angel was raising her eyelashes.
Miss Arachne, Barho Rangi.
Born into a family of middle-ranking military officers, he was a genius who jumped into this world while studying history.
“What’s going on, are you coming all of a sudden?”
Seeing Rangi, who was absorbed in makeup with a nonchalant face, the manager gave up on turning his words around.
“I need to entertain.”
The hand holding the mascara stopped abruptly, but that was all the expression as if the sky was collapsing.
“Why? Where did the president of another country come from?”
The manager gritted it.
“A president can’t do this.”
Rangi continued her makeup again.
“You can say no if you don’t like it. no, of course i don’t like it. But I can only move when I hear it myself.”
“How are you going to handle the aftermath?”
“You are Miss Arachne. If you don’t like it, no one can do anything about it. If it is disclosed, the kingdom’s main business will be disgraced.”
The manager, who understood the situation where it was difficult to even answer, sighed and turned around.
“Then I know you refuse… … .”
“I will.”
Rangi finished her makeup and stood up.
“Are you serious?”
“Once again, the sincerity… … . I know better how scary people in politics are. It’s better to just close your eyes and let it go.”
Rangi walked in front of the manager and crossed his hand.
“Where can I go? Give me your profile.”
It was embarrassing to have already prepared, so the manager squeezed his voice and handed over the documents.
“Since there is a competition, I ask that you do not get hurt.”
The consideration was only that much, and Rangi turned over the file with a cold corner of his mouth.
“huh?”
Expecting a high-ranking position in the empire, she blinked at the profile.
“Wizard?”
—————————————

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-79.txt
=============YYYYY=============
[79] Dark Uninvited Guest (3)
Nade picked up a pen and wrote something in the palm of his hand. Friends who were watching her also engraved the same inscription.
– I lost my memory. A person who knows the keywords is a trustworthy person. The keyword is the North Star.
Sirone and the others spread their palms in satisfaction. If you mark it like this, even if you lose your memory, you will cooperate.
“Okay, okay? Let’s go out now.”
Having regained her confidence, Sirone escaped from Istas.
After class, students were going to and from the campus. When I regained my composure and looked around, there were not one or two strange things.
Students who would normally walk around in groups of three, three, five, were moving individually. What was strangest of all was the fact that the lines of movement were jumbled even though he was busy walking.
“Guys, those people… … .”
“know. I felt it too. There is no destination. Aren’t you just walking around as you please?”
Nade found an acquaintance in the crowd. He was Gabe, Class Five’s motive.
“Hey, Gabe. Where are you going?”
Gabe has arrived. Then he asked in a dry tone, as if he were talking to someone he had never seen before.
“Who are you?”
Nade pursed his lips. But since she had already heard what Shiro had been through, she didn’t mind and asked her questions first.
“No, done. Where are you going?”
“Where am I going?”
Nade said while beating his chest in frustration.
“You were on your way now. Where is your destination?”
“I?”
Gabe looked down at his legs. Then he began to look around him like a man who had suddenly realized himself.
“here is… … Where are you?”
“Hey, calm down. Why are you doing this? what happened in the past few days? Did you see any suspicious people?”
“Could you… … I know?”
“Of course you know. How can you not know?”
Gabe’s face went pale. He suddenly approached and grabbed Nade by the shoulder and shook him.
“Then tell me! Who am I? No, where the hell are you? me… … what is my name?”
As a terrified Gabe clutched his head, Nade slowly backed away and prepared for the unexpected. Fortunately, Gabe didn’t turn aggressive. He was just going crazy.
“What are you talking about? I hear a strange noise! Why do I keep hearing this!”
Gabe’s tongue began to twist as he shouted as he looked around. Suddenly, a strange sound that I couldn’t understand at all came out.
Shirone’s eyes widened in shock. Gabe realized what state he was in. On the other hand, Iruki listened to the sounds around him as if he hadn’t noticed yet.
“What do you hear? Is it hallucination?”
Sirone said in a trembling voice.
“No, you are listening to your own voice.”
“what? Your own voice?”
“I can’t remember the language. You spit out the words out of habit, but you don’t know the meaning. So I have no choice but to be afraid.”
Gabe had completely forgotten the language system. He finally let out a sound like a caveman, as if he had forgotten even the syllables.
Sirone and the others were creepy. Judging from the speed at which the mind degenerated, the memory was fading quite quickly.
As time passed, Gabe’s voice faded, his eyes lost their vitality, and eventually he lost his ability to exercise. At the same time… … Everyone in the street stopped moving.
A terrifying silence came to the magic school. As if a wax figure had been set up, no one showed any signs of moving.
“why… … What happened?”
“Anyway, we are all right. I’m not optimistic, but there’s room for a little more investigation.”
Sirone looked at the people one by one. It felt like the world stopped, like Armin’s stop magic. But time was definitely passing. Besides, seeing that people blinked every once in a while, I wasn’t even frozen.
“I think… … It stopped.”
If it was a kind of magic, it was a more dangerous effect than the stop. You can pose a threat to your opponent. Even a child could have harmed everyone in this room if he put his mind to it.
The three walked into the crowd and did some experiments. When he tickled his junior, he burst into laughter. However, as soon as the tickling stopped, it returned to a firm expression. He blinked his eyelids as he threatened to stab him in the eye. It was said that the nerves were alive.
“Oh, I guess you just stopped thinking. Is this unusual?”
“Then, it means that physical strength also has its limits. You won’t last long standing still. What are you doing?”
“Who has done this before? Let’s look around a little more.”
Sirone and the others headed north. It was to make sure that seniors and teachers with high magic levels were in the same situation.
By the time we reached the uphill road, seniors were slipping through the arch of the steel gate.
Sirone and the others hid themselves in the bushes.
The fact that only the senior class was moving in a situation where everyone could not move was reason enough to be wary.
In the crowd of seniors, I saw a face I hadn’t seen before.
It was a man and a woman who seemed to be the same age as Sirone, and a man who was wearing twin swords that didn’t match at all with the magic school.
Lucas whistled and smirked.
“Hwiyu, I’ve seen many gruesome scenes in my life, but this is the first time I’ve seen such a dreary scene. Aren’t they all turned into zombies?”
Abyss Nova is a magic that blocks the memories of people exposed to Nova within 24 hours. It was no exaggeration to say that it was an inanimate magic because thinking is impossible without memory. The order in which the memories were blocked was from the most recent, most impressive memory first.
It was Arin’s mission to lead those whose memories were blocked. Specializing in spirit-type magic, she brought the seniors to the campus where Sirone and the others encountered Gabe.
‘The shadow of capture.’
And there he cast his magic again. She pierced people’s shadows as her shadows meandered like tentacles.
A unique form that does not exist in four ways. However, it was a tentacle type called standard for spirit-type wizards.
The tentacle type is much more flexible than the four type because it uses the spirit zone by unwinding it like a thin thread.
However, it took a long time, and it took at least 20 minutes to pass all the shadows of the advanced students.
While Arin was working, Lucas passed the time by judging the female students. Since they were nobles, all of them had pale skin and smelled good. Scanning her figure with a viper’s eye, Lucas stopped when he saw a woman he liked.
“Oh my. See this?”
Even in the state of losing her memory, she was a girl with clear eyes. She was retro-styled, with her reddish bangs falling over one eye, but her look was the best of her students.
“There must be some personality. I like ferocious women.”
The moment Lucas’s hand reached out to Amy, Canis grabbed him by the shoulder and turned him around.
“Lucas, stop it. Please refrain from doing anything rude.”
“what? Lucas, can you stop? Are you talking to me just now?”
“I won’t let you go if you do useless things.”
“pooh!”
Lucas let out a weak laugh. Has the status of the parrot bandits fallen this far?
“Hey, what’s so serious? From what I’ve heard, it’s a revenge play anyway. Why don’t we have some fun?”
“This is revenge to regain Master’s pride. I will not forgive you for doing bad things.”
“What if I don’t forgive you? Would you like to stick around here?”
“I will terminate the employment contract.”
“haha! Little boy, you seem to be mistaken, but I was hired by Arcane, not by you.”
“It’s like anything. Arin is casting Shadow of Capture. You can be fired at any time for any behavior that interferes with the operation. Of course, if you are dissatisfied with that… … .”
A whirlwind of abyss arose in Canis’ pupils.
“I will kill you on the spot.”
Lucas sighed and stepped back. Having defeated countless wizards before becoming the vice-captain of the parrot thieves, he knew how dangerous it was to show hostility in the Spirit Zone.
“I am Quit. Anyway, if I don’t pay, I’m the only one who loses.”
“Tell me clearly. If you interfere with our work one more time, then I will not stand it.”
“Your co-workers are very strict with each other. A person called a teacher can’t even poke his nose. Where the hell have you been?”
“Master is making important preparations. Simple things like this mean we can work it out ourselves.”
Arcane was currently in hiding and recovering the mental power that had been exhausted by Abyss Nova. However, Kanis hid the fact because it wouldn’t do any good to tell him.
“Nungnung, I’m sure you’ll be fine.”
Lucas’s eyes shone intensely for a short moment after answering evasively and turning around.
‘Hey, I’m sure he’s hiding somewhere.’
Lucas was quick about the magician’s equivalent exchange. If it was a magic that blocked hundreds of people’s memories, it was a level that ordinary wizards couldn’t even try. Even if he was a great wizard, it was clear that he would not be able to use his full power for a while.
‘It’s only now that you’re bluffing, kid. There’s no way I’ll miss this fun opportunity, right?’
After Arin’s work was finished, the senior and advanced students started to move together. Only after they got out of sight did Sirone and the others get out of the bush. From what I’ve seen, it seems that he intends to take the entire school somewhere.
“Who the heck are those?”
“I don’t have time to think. It won’t be much for a while, but I don’t know what they’ll do when they reach their destination. Besides, even the teachers were arrested.”
Sirone said.
“I thought the magic the girl cast was dark magic. If so, is the current situation something they did?”
“I think the chances of that happening are slim. In order to cast magic of this magnitude, John’s size must be enormous. Two of the three are too young, and one is likely not a wizard, as he is carrying a weapon.”
“You mean there is a third person?”
“I guess so. For now, let’s just focus on tracking. If someone is in a dangerous situation, it’s not too late to act.”
“To take control of the magic school? He’s crazy. Moreover, it is dark magic… … .”
With an unknown ominous feeling, Sirone and the others followed the uninvited guests.
* * *
Etella stayed at the training center wearing the same outfit as yesterday. Her eyebrows twitched as she didn’t even move in her cross-legged position. Her brow wrinkled and her nose twisted. Biting off her molars, she began to vibrate violently, causing veins to form in her neck.
Deed deed deed deed.
The building shook following Etela’s body. Dust poured down as the walls and ceiling vibrated. Finally opening her eyes, she let out her rough breath and collapsed in front of her.
“ha! ha!”
Etela’s whole body was wet with cold sweat as she struggled all night with Simma who came to her at dawn.
‘What was it?’
I couldn’t pinpoint it, but it was the kind that penetrates people’s heads and blocks their memories. Dark magic belongs to the orthodox school, but the malice contained in magic was strong enough to push Etela’s vigilance to the extreme. Had it not been for the laws of the Order of Charsis, she would have lost her memory forever.
‘It’s dark magic. But they must be strictly forbidden on campus.’
Etella checked the time. It was summer, so it was as bright as daytime, but it was time to stay even after school was over.
‘You mean you’ve been trapped in Shimma for over 12 hours?’
Considering Etela’s pure and pure spirit, it was a very powerful magic. What’s even more shocking is that even though she completely skipped class, no one came to visit this place.
It’s not just you.
Ethella, who had gone so far in her thoughts, ran out of the training center without even having time to change her clothes.
* * *
A flash of light passed over the magic school. Then, as if attracted by a magnet, it bent toward the ground and plummeted. One man landed without even a sound of impact.
—————————————

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-790.txt
=============YYYYY=============
[790] Windless Zone (3)
* * *
“who are you?”
When Sirone opened the hotel door at the sound of a knock, a woman she had never seen before stood there with a smile on her face.
“who… … please?”
It was a look that I had no choice but to ask again.
“hello! Wizard! I am Barho Rangi, who was chosen as Miss Arachne this time.”
“Miss Arachne?”
Her bright greeting eased her guard a little, but her identity brought new tension.
“What did that person do to me?”
Rangi held out the spirit magazine of Tormia Kingdom from somewhere.
“I am a fan. You graduated from Alpheas Magic School at the top of your class, and are active in the Ivory Tower, where only the world’s most outstanding wizards can enter.”
Sirone put on a blank expression.
“Hehe, I’m very interested in magic. If you don’t mind, may I ask for your autograph?”
In the spirit magazine that Rangi opened, the face of Sirone, who had defeated Dante in the 2,000 battles, was printed.
‘Was I that old-fashioned?’
He was a boy from a mountain village, but to be honest, I still can’t feel how urban he has become.
“all right. Come in at once.”
She looked around the suite while Sirone called Rangi into the room and searched for a pen.
‘It’s my first time here too.’
The Royal Arachne Hotel is where VIPs stay, and there are more than 40 rooms downstairs where VVIPs stay.
However, the room currently occupied by Sirone occupied an entire top floor.
This room is only used for people in extreme poverty, and as far as she knows, the door here opens only twice a year.
‘I’m an ivory tower wizard… … .’
A transnational figure feared by politicians, whom she describes as poisonous snakes, trembling at drinking parties.
‘It looks innocent.’
The finest liquor in the suite was untouched, and there was only one old book lying on the wide bed.
‘He has a humble personality. But what’s so scary about it?’
I even thought it was cute when I saw her running around the large room because she couldn’t find her pen.
“Oh right!”
Sirone stopped in the middle of the floor, stared at the ceiling, and trembled.
“If you don’t have a pen, take mine… … .”
Before Rangi could finish his words, Sirone shook her head and said.
“Ah, I’m such a fool!”
“huh? fool?”
Sirone sighed, approached empty-handed, and held out her hand in front of the table.
‘Material.’
As the information was assembled at a frightening speed, I had a pen in my hand before I knew it.
“Hoo?”
Rangi’s eyes sparkled.
‘Is there such a magic?’
I had seen high-ranking members of the Magic Association bluffing and using magic, but it was the first time I had ever made a pen.
“It’s fun. It’s like magic.”
Rangi doesn’t know.
It was only a pen that was made, but the theory contained in this magic is all the batteries that exist in the world.
“Hehe, that’s right. I have a habit of always looking for things, so I forget like this.”
“oh? Then can you make another one?”
Sirone laughed awkwardly.
“In theory, yes.”
Yahweh hates the act of disrupting the system, but he can print diamonds indefinitely if he wants.
However, Rangi, who was unfamiliar with magic, accepted Sirone’s humility straight away.
‘Well, if you can make anything, it’s a god?’
Sirone, who had never signed an autograph for anyone in her life, had dry saliva and her hands were shaking.
‘I can’t be disappointed. If I make a mistake, I have to turn it back.’
Perhaps thanks to being equipped with a weapon of conversion, the sense of shock, the autograph was a plausible success.
“Here’s your signature. I hope you like it.”
“I like it.”
Rangi hugged the magazine.
‘Would you like to sign an autograph for me now, Grand Wizard staying in the hotel suite?’
Even if Sirone was a good person, he did not know why he invited Miss Arachne to his hotel room.
‘You’re not bad.’
It is first-class that it does not even give the feeling of being entertained, and Rangi voluntarily opened his heart.
‘Since he’s a man, it’s only natural that he wants me.’
so.
‘I’ll forget it. All.’
May no memory of this day remain.
Just in time for her to find a way to stay here, a growl came from her stomach.
Rangi said with a shy smile.
“After starving for several days to prepare for the competition, it is now difficult to move. Even if we have dinner together… … .”
“wait a minute. I still have the bread I bought on the way.”
Feeling sorry for her because she was starving, Sirone hurriedly rummaged through her bag, but after a while, an embarrassing situation arose.
“what? this… … .”
It was a hard bread favored by travelers, and the marks of half-chewed it were clear.
“sorry. I will ask for another food.”
“are you okay. They’re all the same person. And I really like this bread. It’s great for dieting.”
Sirone never dreamed that she would give Miss Arachne leftover bread.
Rangi took the bread away, cut it in half, and handed over the rest.
“I’ll eat half. There will be jam made from strawberries. Oh, and because it’s prickly…
Skillfully finding the items and putting them on the table, she pulled out the finest wine from the shelf.
“A little bit of alcohol.”
Dinner began, and by the time the bread had been eaten, I was getting drunk.
“Sirone-san, do you have a boyfriend?”
“Yes i have.”
Rangi opened his eyes wide with a surprised expression because he asked with certainty that he didn’t.
“I met my friend at school, but now we are apart. I am a soldier by profession.”
“Hoo? A soldier.”
Calculating the compatibility with Sirone, Rangi decided that it would be better to push forward aggressively.
“In addition to her magic skills, her will is really strong. When you punch a friend named Nade in the graduation exam… … .”
Judging from how excitedly he was talking for the first time, it seemed that he really liked Amy.
‘No matter how much it is, I only talk about my lover day and night with a woman in front of me. Are you naive or stupid?’
After listening to Sirone’s story, Rangi swallowed the last glass of wine and stood up.
“right. May I give you a shoulder massage?”
When Rangi went back and touched her shoulder, Sirone’s neck shrank like a turtle.
“Ugh, I’m fine.”
Stay calm. I’m good at massage. Or what? You can’t even touch the body unless it’s your lover?”
“no! It’s not like that… … .”
Rangi’s eyes lit up.
‘As expected, this is it. I got it.’
He was a person who did not like to hurt others.
“To rub the shoulders of the most famous wizard in the world. I feel really lucky.”
“When it comes to being famous, Mr. Rangi is the best. Besides being Miss Arachne, she also participates in world competitions.”
“Huh, that’s right. Then will you promise? Let’s keep today just the two of us for the rest of our lives.”
“yes? Ah yes.”
It was a specification that Rangi got into gossip.
‘So, let’s get started, shall we? I’m going to bully you like this forever.’
Gently rubbing his shoulder, she placed her face against Sirone’s ear.
“I am so happy.”
When Sirone turns his head, he will kiss her, and from then on no man can escape.
‘Congratulations, Your Highness.’
The king will get what he wants.
“Sirone… … .”
However, as if she couldn’t even muster up the courage to turn her head, Sirone was staring straight ahead like a wooden stone.
“Sirone, look at me for a second.”
“Mr. Rangi.”
It was a resolute voice that broke the atmosphere.
“sorry. I don’t know why Mr. Rangi is doing this, but no, it must be my mistake… … .”
Only then did Sirone get up from her seat and look back at Rangi, looking at him with a drunken look.
“When I first saw it, I thought it was very pretty. But I have someone I love. As long as I don’t break up with that person, I won’t betray you.”
“It is not a betrayal. I don’t mean dating.”
Rangi used the last words, but Sirone shook her head.
“Then it is even more unacceptable. I think you’ve been drinking a lot. Sleep here tonight.”
Seeing him leave, Rangi was terrified.
“no! Don’t do that. I can’t sleep here instead of the wizard.”
“You promised.”
Sirone smiled and opened the door.
“I decided to keep it just the two of us for the rest of our lives.”
“ah… … .”
Rangi, who had been lost until he heard the sound of the door closing, slumped into the chair.
“Really? Is this really the end?”
It wasn’t a bad result, and even the promise of a promise between the two of them saved her, but why was she annoyed?
“idiot! Who knows if you’re pretending to be nice? You will regret it for the rest of your life!”
Thinking that winning is winning, Rangi jumped onto the bed in the suite and sprawled out.
“Oh, good! Yes, now I am higher than the king!”
Sensing the touch of silk as her limbs fluttered like butterflies, she turned her head to see the book Sirone was reading.
“I left it. What book is it?”
When I opened the middle of the page, it was a novel.
Rangi tilted his head and checked the title of the cover.
Dragon Beater Archmage
“haha… … .”
Dropping her arms in a collapsed motion, she ended up laughing heartily at the ceiling.
“Puhahahaha!”
Maybe Arcane is right.
“Dragon beat… … ! Hee hee!”
A wizard is an eternal boy.
* * *
the next morning.
While contemplating on the roof of the hotel, Sirone saw the sun rise and soared into the sky.
Because of Rangi’s visit, Sirone’s expression upon arriving at the castle was harder than before.
“Welcome, great star.”
King Faronica of Arachne greeted Sirone by bending her upper body.
“What happened to your request yesterday? Did you find someone named Jaysteen?”
“That is, there are too many data than I thought. It may take a little longer.”
It was as expected.
“okay.”
Faronica floated her luck thinking that it was as easy as other stars.
“Actually, something bad has happened to the kingdom lately, and the speed isn’t working due to a lack of manpower.”
Sirone was just listening.
“It is a terror threat. He said he would turn the venue into a bloodbath if the world beauty pageant was not stopped.”
Asking the star of the ivory tower means that even Arachne’s police force couldn’t catch the criminal.
“So it’s a shameless request, but if Oh Dae-seong steps forward and solves it… … . Whoops!”
Faronica, who felt the breathlessness in Sirone’s eyes, shut her mouth.
‘Hey, what kind of energy is this… … .’
Even though it wasn’t the first time seeing the star of the ivory tower, it was the pain of frozen blood tearing through the blood vessels.
“The person I am looking for… … .”
If it wasn’t for the promise with Rangi, he would have pushed Faronica even harder.
“He is the one who holds the fate of the world. Thousands of people are dying right now.”
‘Really die!’
Faronica accepted with her body the fact that the young man in front of her was the Five Great Stars of the Ivory Tower.
“sorry! I’m going to colonize the profile of Amery Jaysteen right now.”
If I hadn’t already found it, there would have been no negotiations.
‘Whoa, this job is really hard too.’
Only then did Sirone take the life out of her eyes and turned to think about the terror threat.
‘I’ll have to find out separately.’
Preventing a large-scale disaster is important, but I didn’t want Maya’s precious debut stage to be endangered.
‘I’m worried about Mr. Rangi too.’
Anyway, the priority was to find the beta fish.
—————————————

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-791.txt
=============YYYYY=============
[791] Beta Fish (1)
Arachne NIS submitted the documents.
It seems that he is currently leading a mercenary guild in Timaros, a small commercial city near the capital Bengal.
‘It’s the Jaysteen Mercenary Corps… … .”
Instead of changing their name, they abandoned their surname, and there were only about 10 members of the crew.
If it were normal, it would be a normal life, but there must have been too many things she abandoned to gain peace.
“Where is Timaros?”
said Faronica, swallowing.
“There is a small town 14 kilometers east of Bangor. I will order permission to enter.”
“Thank you for your cooperation. In the case of terrorism, let’s turn off the fire first and discuss it.”
It wasn’t until Sirone left the Grand Hall with the papers that Faronica could breathe.
“Whoa, what a terrifying man.”
The archon lowered his head with a contemplative face.
“I’m sorry, Your Highness. Even though I handed over Miss Arachne, I thought I would confiscate my face like this… … .”
“No, this is it. Since the word terrorism is on his lips, he won’t let go and watch it.”
Even so, Sirone’s energy was strong enough to lightly trample on the spirit of the Seven Planets.
‘Are they the eyes of the one who carries the world?’
They were the ones who called for delight when they first said Sirone was coming from among the stars of the ivory tower.
“still… … .”
Now my thinking has completely changed.
“If we compromised to this extent against Oh Dae-seong, wouldn’t we have done well?”
The archon nodded wordlessly.
* * *
Sirone flew vertically from the castle and flew straight toward the small city at the bottom of the horizon.
Upon arriving at the entrance arch, the captain of the guard who had already received the message saluted in a loud voice.
“welcome. You are instructed to make sure there are no disruptions to your work. Anything you need?”
“I’ll just look around.”
I wanted to do things quietly.
“It is the glory of Timaros. If I need anything, please visit the nearest guard anytime.”
As I passed the arch, nodding my head, I saw numerous shops lined up along the dirt road.
‘Is it because it’s during the World Beauty Pageant?’
There were more customers from other countries than from the home country, and perhaps that’s why the market had a festive atmosphere.
As we made our way through the crowds filling the streets to find the guild area, it became noticeably quieter.
After passing through smithies, alchemy, medicines, and recovery guilds, he finally found the place he was looking for.
Jaysteen Mercenary Guild
It was a building that didn’t seem like much work at first glance, as guards were enough to protect a small city.
“excuse me.”
The empty tables were sparsely placed and the counter was empty.
At a table in the corner, a group of people played a game of cards with a bottle of wine beside them.
“What are you?”
The man who had said something embarrassing to say in the first meeting was one-sided, and his tongue was twisted because he was drunk.
‘How many people are looking for… … .”
After thinking for a moment, Sirone asked.
“I am looking for some people. can you help me?”
A fat woman sitting on the right side of the table jumped up and approached.
“Oh, I was a guest. Come this way.”
Dust rose up as she tucked in the counter and put up the guestbook.
“Finding people is our specialty. Who are you looking for?”
“Amely J. Steen.”
The blood drained from the woman’s face, and the hand movements of the mercenaries who were playing the card game stopped.
the woman asked again.
“Excuse me, who are you?”
“Amorie Jaysteen. It seems that the captain of the mercenary unit here uses the name Jaysteen.”
Aekku said.
“Close the door.”
The door closed with a thud, and a black-haired man guarded the entrance holding a knife.
‘It’s quite a skill.’
Of course, it wasn’t a sign he didn’t notice, but it was a high level compared to the Silverling Guild he was in.
“You’d better say it right, kid.”
He aimed at the gun equipped with magic bullets.
“From whom did you hear, last name Amery?”
Through his questioning, it was possible to know that J-Steen had confided in his subordinates about his past.
‘In other words, a mercenary group bound by a considerable relationship of trust. I’ll have to be careful what I say.’
Sirone raised both hands.
“I am not here to fight. I came because I wanted to ask you something. You can even call it a request.”
“I should have warned you.”
One’s gun clicked, and two other men pulled out their sharp long swords.
“Speak properly.”
At the same time, magic bullets were fired, and the black-haired man guarding the entrance attacked with a dagger in his hand.
“this… … !”
When he avoided the magic bullet by teleportation, the wall exploded with an explosive sound.
“be careful! A wizard!”
“Wizard?”
The men with long swords ran up to the wall and flung themselves from left and right of Sirone.
“Yeah, but you’re a kid!”
The longsword drew an X with a vicious sound, but Sirone was already gone.
“There is no need to fight… … !”
Sirone’s voice was drowned out by the explosion of magic bullets, and the walls in all directions exploded.
‘You’re going!’
It seemed like he didn’t even care.
‘Or you judged it to be that dangerous… … .’
I couldn’t even see his face yet, but I could guess what kind of life J-Steen had been living.
“Kill! I’ll take care of the aftermath!”
The woman shouted, and the black-haired man held the dagger in reverse and pressed Sirone.
‘As expected, this person is the strongest.’
Realizing that the situation was out of the question, Sirone pulled out the Shining Chain and tied him up.
“Keugh! what is this… … ! Aaaaaa!”
At the same time, the black-haired body was turned upside down, and the longer chain stirred the inside of the guild and bound people.
“Let go! Let go of this, you son of a bitch!”
He tied the ankles of the men with the long swords and pinned them to the floor, and finally wrapped Akkoo’s hands behind his back.
“Whoa.”
Just as Sirone was breathing, the woman hiding under the counter pulled out a flute and fired a poison dart.
“Poo-wook!”
Deadly poisoned saliva rushed in, but it seemed to stop in the eyes of Sirone who cast the slow magic.
“… … .”
As I caught the needle with my index finger and thumb right in front of my eyes, the eyes of the men tied to the Shining Chain widened.
“I took it with my hand.”
In their experience, it was impossible to hold the flying spit with their hands in the slow magic, especially in the time-sharing state.
‘I hear you’ve dedicated your life to slowing down 1 percent… … .’
At the level of Alfeas, who was a genius in the photon system, the speed of time would be dreamily slowed down.
“you… … Who the hell are you?”
As the questioner’s eyes briefly turned to the side, the woman at the counter reloaded the poison dart.
“Kyaaak!”
The shining chain first wrapped around her body and pulled her upside down to the ceiling.
“Okay, okay! I am Amery Jaysteen! So release me now! Let’s talk to me!”
If true, it needed verification.
“Can you show me your wounds?”
The mercenaries’ faces became serious.
‘This guy knows everything.’
Just then, the back door opened violently and a woman with wet hair entered as if she had just finished her back.
“You children! Did you blow up the house documents? why so fuss… … !”
He had a strong impression suffering from sepa and had a gun modified for sniper hanging on his shoulder.
The shooting range was visible through the door.
“What is this funny situation?”
While looking left and right at the unsightly scene, she fixed her gaze on Sirone.
“Is it you, betting my men?”
One kid shouted.
“Leader! run away! This guy knows the last name!”
His eyebrows twitched at the moment, but J-Steen did not act recklessly as if he were a party to the incident.
“… … Free his men.”
As long as the mercenaries’ lifeless resistance could be felt through the Spirit Zone, they could not be released.
“Are you Amery Jaysteen?”
“okay. If you have something to say, say it to me.”
Like the woman at the counter, if this was a ruse, it was most accurate to check with her eyes.
“Show me the wound on your side.”
The kid struggled.
“Leader! Because it jumps! You child! Get this out quickly! You will kill me if I leave… … Aww!”
When the Shining Chain was tightened, everyone screamed, and all those connected by the chain frowned.
“Huhhhh!”
Jaysteen shouted.
“stop!”
Grabbing the lower hem of her jacket, she pulled it up to her neck, revealing her bare skin as her chest swayed.
“All right? Now release the men.”
“Dae, boss… … .”
While the men looked away at the embarrassing sight, Sirone stared at her ribs.
‘there is.’
Wounds, which were probably fatal at the time, were clearly etched through the ribs.
“why? Shall I show you below?”
Sirone released the shining chain.
“Keuuugh!”
A woman fell from the ceiling, and his men knelt down and grabbed her aching body.
“It’s pitiful… … .”
J-Steen clicked his tongue, but he couldn’t hide the concern in his eyes.
‘He’s a strong person.’
I could feel the spirit of a soldier crossing the line of fire.
“Yes, I am Amery Jaysteen. What are you going to do now? Are you going to kill me?”
“I keep saying, I’m not here to fight. I have no intention of harming you.”
“okay?”
J-Steen seemed uninspired.
“Okay, let’s listen. You want to talk alone, right? Then there’s a perfect place.”
It was the shooting range where she lived.
“Leader! we’ll follow you! Aww!”
The one-eyed man jumped to his feet, but the bone throbbing pain forced him to sit down again.
“I am taking care of myself. Anyway, no fuss… … .”
After Jasein and Sirone exited through the back door, the woman at the counter brought some ointment.
“Put this on. I lost weight.”
Aekku, who was applying medicine to his body, looked at the chain marks on his skin and frowned.
“shit! I should wear long sleeves. How do you get along like this? Anyone who sees it will know you’re a pervert.”
The man with the long sword turned to the back door.
“Are you okay? I’m not usually good at it. Wouldn’t it be nice if we followed along?”
“Heh, average skills?”
said the black-haired man.
“Do you think you can beat me with your normal skills? Well, if it’s you guys, it’s possible.”
He showed his teeth.
“What is this child! I’m already disturbed, but I’m going to salt people.”
“If you’re going to kill me, that means you’ve already killed me.”
Everyone shut up.
“If you had an evil mind, we wouldn’t be here right now. That’s why the captain obeyed obediently. Just trust me.”
“… … .”
I blew on the part of the shoulder where I had applied the ointment.
“Will there be no scars?”
The explosion of magic bullets exploded.
“next!”
When the target was set halfway up the mountain, the sniper gun undoubtedly recoiled.
“next!”
Sirone was lost in thought while watching Jay Steen, who was absorbed in shooting training, from the side.
‘What are you shooting at?’
It was a marksmanship that could not be obtained without training every day, close to divine.
‘I’m still fighting.’
Jaysteen’s words finally opened.
“If you’re not a hitman, why are you here?”
“I have a favor to ask you.”
“ask? to me?”
When the bolt was pulled, the side of the sniper gun slammed and the shells vomited.
“Please kill Harvits.”
Her breathing stopped and her shoulders began to shake like a tsunami.
“All, next!”
As soon as the target stood, he pulled the trigger, but the magic bullet exploded in an unexpected place.
“Haviz… … .”
Fear flashed in Jaysteen’s eyes.
—————————————

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-792.txt
=============YYYYY=============
[792] Beta Fish (2)
* * *
When Sirone and Jaysteen returned to the guild, their subordinates were busy restoring the building they had damaged.
Even though there was such a great uproar, no one came close except for the acquaintances of the guilds around them.
It was a guild with many incidents, but Sirone was convinced that the guards were at fault.
“it’s okay. Everyone stop moving.”
The woman at the counter, sniffing in sorrow, stopped cleaning when Jasein said.
“Ah, damn it!”
While attaching the boards with a hammer that didn’t even work, he threw the hammer out of anger.
‘You broke everything.’
I said I wasn’t willing to fight like that
“Okay, are you done talking? It should be a case that does not require compensation for damages.”
J-Steen said to the black-haired man.
“Guild members, that is to say, summon all the bastards who are hanging out somewhere and come to Mr. Garder’s inn. talk there.”
“yes.”
As the black-haired man quickly jumped away, she turned to Sirone.
“We die together and live together. These are the kids I’ve been hanging out with since the beginning of the exile. What you said to me, you should be able to say the same to them.”
“of course.”
As Sirone and Jaysteen left the building, two men with long swords scratched their heads and looked at them.
“What the hell is going on, is it so serious?”
Sirone, who rented the largest room at Mr. Garder’s inn, told the eight mercenaries about everything.
“therefore… Does that Habits want the captain to assassinate the emperor of the Gustav Empire?”
“Exactly.”
the kid asked
“Are you crazy?”
“I don’t think that would be a bad suggestion.”
Sirone looked back at Jaysteen.
“You can’t hide forever. If you want to break this cycle of evil, now is your chance.”
She still didn’t answer.
“I am not saying you should do everything. All preparations will be made by our team, the best of the best.”
“Then what do you want from me?”
I really wanted to know.
“Hatred. We need your hatred.”
“Hate… … .”
Jaysteen remembers the long life of running away from Harvits without missing a single moment.
‘Of course I hate it.’
Crawled, beaten, and sometimes killed.
It was an environment more impoverished than wild beasts, and before meeting the crew, it was a lonely life rather than a criminal.
‘I want to kill him!’
Her teeth clenched as she clenched her fists.
‘Havitz
However, the moment I imagined the appearance of an evil spirit that I had never seen before, I was overcome with fear as if my internal organs were melting.
“Huh!”
It was missed, of course, but as a result, Harvits destroyed everything but her.
Parents, brothers, sisters, even families of families, brothers and sisters of those families… … .
‘It wasn’t murder. It was bombing.’
There were times when I wanted to know why this disaster came to us.
However, when he found out that he was probably the only survivor in the world who had escaped from Havitz’s clutches.
‘plural? How dare you be like me?’
I tried to calm it down by holding on to my shaking wrist, but the more I tried, the more the trembling got worse.
‘scared.’
Harvits was so scared that he went crazy.
“Leader… … .”
While looking at him pitifully, J-Steen hit the back of his hand countless times.
“damn! damn!”
And when the extinction finally subsided, he glared at Sirone with cool eyes.
“see? this is my reality Let alone kill, I can’t even fire a gun in this state.”
“I don’t need a gun.”
Jasein’s eyebrows twitched.
“Didn’t I say that it was I who killed Havitz?”
“yes. But I will use a dagger.”
“What bullshit? i am a sniper Melee tactics are not my specialty, and even daggers… … .”
“No, it’s a sniping.”
Sirone stopped talking.
“The distance to Harvits would be at least 120 kilometers away. You are not in any danger.”
“… … Nothing shoots that far.”
“So I told you, what we need is hate. You can shoot.”
I couldn’t understand Sirone’s words from earlier.
‘No, what this guy is saying is probably right.’
Even so, the reason why they don’t understand is that he came from a world they have not experienced.
Aekku said.
“Let’s do it, Captain. This is your chance. It doesn’t matter to us, but it’s a waste of the captain’s skills to rot here.”
As long as the mercenary group was organized under the name of J. Steen, it would have been far off to expand the force.
“Let’s make a cool decision and go out into the real world. furthermore… … .”
He said with his cheeks blushing.
“The captain doesn’t have to go to the wedding house.”
Everyone turned around at the sudden sound, and the woman at the counter asked absurdly.
“I hope you captain… … .”
“What nonsense! Even though I only have one eye, I can clearly see what a woman looks like!”
Jasein turned his head.
“okay? Do you have any thoughts on me?”
One of Aku’s eyes was wide open.
“Jin, really?”
“Of course not. Nonungsin.”
“… … .”
Jysteen, who made her mouth shut, looked back at Sirone and said.
“Okay, let’s say I killed Havits. But what next? Who will protect us who assassinated the emperor of the empire?”
“ah… … .”
I had such a problem.
“That is, of course, in Kashan… … .”
The table trembled with a bang.
“gibberish. Another life of escape for risking one’s life? I’m tired of living while noticing high things.”
Sirone understood her.
“Then is there anything else you want?”
“Hmm, to answer that, I need to ask you something first. what the hell is your job title? Don’t even think about cutting it. Even in this commotion, not a single guard is around. I know it’s your work.”
“is it so. I am a wizard belonging to the Ivory Tower.”
“Ivory Tower?”
said the black-haired man.
“As far as I know is… … They say it’s a place where magic is researched.”
“Oh, what an amazing coincidence. I learned that in kindergarten too.”
When Jay Steen sarcastically said, the black hair shrugged.
“It is said to be higher than the king.”
“good.”
Sensing Sirone’s social status, Jaysteen twisted her posture and began negotiations.
“Listen. The Jaysteen mercenaries are a minority, but they are the elite. It’s funny to say this after being hurt by you, but… … .”
“no. They were all excellent.”
“It would be quicker if you knew. Join Arachne’s best mercenary guild, Guardian King. Of course, it’s not just sign up. At least you should give me the position of leader.”
“That’s a bit… … .”
“This is not a parachute. It’s a worthy reward for what we’ve been holding our breath for so far.”
Yahweh is omnipotent, but he cannot force someone else to sacrifice for someone else’s gain.
“I lived in a guild for a while. We value contribution as much as skill. There will be trouble in the guild.”
Because it’s not just the Jysteen mercenaries that are united in a tight camaraderie.
“what? What are you talking about when you can’t even do that much?”
Jaysteen lost her temper.
“To be clear, I will never do business with anything other than the Guardian King. This is a fight for my life.”
“Hmm.”
Silverling must have collapsed in Radum, and the only guild I could ask for personally was the Parrot Mercenary Corps.
“Sister Marsha… … .”
“what?”
When Sirone came to his senses and raised his head, the members of J. Steen were staring at him with their eyes wide open.
“What did you just say? Marsha? Clay Marsha?”
“yes. Do you know the Parrot Mercenary Corps?”
Rather, J-Steen was taken aback.
“Of course you know. Parrots are one of the top 10 mercenary guilds in the world. fallen mother. Who doesn’t know Marsha on this floor?”
‘Top 10 guilds in the world?’
It was an achievement achieved 4 years after leaving Galliant.
‘Well, it’s because he’s a smart person.’
In return for helping Miro in Undercoder, it seemed that he had properly rolled the enormous support he received from Uorin.
‘Yes, if it’s a parrot, it’s possible.’
Our Lady of the Fall, Clay Marsha.
If she was the godmother of the abandoned Seungnyangs, she would open the way for the Jysteen Mercenary Corps.
“great. Let me introduce you to the parrot mercenaries. I would also like to offer the manager position. So, did you make a deal with this?”
“No. What kind of deal do you do this? Of course, after confirming that Marsha has declined.”
J-Steen twirled her fingers.
“I heard that they were stationed in the Iron Kingdom not too long ago, but it’s so new to me. You’d better come to me as soon as possible. Because I might change my mind.”
Convinced that she had the initiative, she looked at Sirone’s reaction, raising the corners of her mouth.
“You don’t have to go looking for it yourself.”
Sirone asked calmly.
“if… Is there a Terraforce Church nearby?”
* * *
As a famous exile country, many religions coexisted in Arachne.
The Church of Terra Force was also small, but it had a temple on the outskirts of Bengal and was recruiting followers.
“excuse me.”
Sirone grabbed the priest and greeted him.
“welcome. May the grace of Terraforce be with you. How can I help you?”
“Do you truly believe in Terraforce?”
Channeling is difficult unless you are in a trance state.
“of course. The great god Terraforce guides all humans to goodness. A group of people who dismiss it as evil… … .”.
“Then please change those shoes.”
“yes? what now… … .”
When the priest frowned in disrespect, Sirone sighed and said,
“Chief Justice, are you listening?”
At the same time, the priest shuddered and looked up at the sky, revealing the whites of his eyes.
“Hexa, this abortion case was lucky. If I hadn’t filibustered in Congress… … .”
It seemed like there was a lot to talk about.
“Oh, I will talk about that later. There is something I want to say to a person named Clay Marsha. I’m in a hurry.”
“… … What is it?”
The Supreme Court Justice in the priest’s voice showed a hint of disappointment, but Sirone didn’t care and continued.
2 hours later.
A tavern in Iron Kingdom.
The executives of the parrot mercenary corps, who rented the entire building for three days, were drunk from daylight.
The door rattled open as their godmother, Marsha, tidied her claws in a corner.
“Leader. Captain Marsha.”
The vice-captain of the 10th division came in holding onto the back of a boy with a white ball head who was thrilled.
one of the officers asked.
“what’s the matter? If you’re here to borrow a drink, get out.”
“No, that’s not it. This guy must have had his daytime drink wrong, he sighs and talks nonsense.”
The white-headed boy said.
“It’s not bullshit. I saw God, God gave me a revelation.”
“Come here, my sweet little boy.”
Marsha called the white-headed boy and diagnosed his mental state by lowering his eyes.
“Have you not taken any medicine? What was your dream?”
“My great god told me to tell the captain this. We must go to Arachne right now.”
Marsha smoked a cigarette and laughed.
“what? Do the gods even recognize my beauty? Did you even ask me to enter the beauty pageant?”
“If you are over 30, you won’t even accept the papers.”
Marcia, who pursed her lips at Freeman’s words, hugged the boy’s neck and said,
“Yes, my little one. Why is that great god telling me to go to Arachne?”
“Hey, you said this.”
The boy didn’t miss a word.
“There, Hexa, no Yahweh, no Sirone is waiting.”
“… … Hmm.”
She pulled the boy back, lost in thought, then let out a long puff of cigarette smoke.
“What god stutters?”
—————————————

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-793.txt
=============YYYYY=============
[793] Beta Fish (3)
* * *
“Day! It’s a thing!”
When Jaysteen burst open the guild door and entered, his subordinates were sleeping on the floor of the collapsed building.
“Everyone wake up, you bastards!”
Six men and one woman raised their upper bodies without fixing their boisterous expressions.
“Oh, it hurts. Why is it so noisy in the morning?”
Feeling the body odor of the vomit he had made last night, he frowned and looked back at J-Steen.
“what? from morning?”
Jaysteen put magic bullets on the gun.
“Is that what a guy who earns a living in my guild would do?”
The moment I checked the gun’s muzzle, the dazed faces opened their eyes and fled their bodies.
“Bounce! Die!”
Those scattered in all directions closed their eyes tightly in anticipation of the explosion of magic bullets.
“It’s a job. please.”
Jaysteen sighed and lowered the gun.
Inside the guild, which was roughly covered with wooden planks, all members of the J-Steen mercenary group sat at a round table.
“So, we ended up protecting the world’s most obsessed girls?”
Aekku asked in bewilderment.
“okay. Of course, I’m the only one who can enter the waiting room. The six of you will act as outside security.”
With the blackmailer unable to be caught, the government of Arachne devoted all their energy to security.
It was a situation where we had to use even the power we didn’t have, and the fact that J-Steen was a woman also helped.
the woman at the counter asked.
“How much money did you give me?”
“It’s an achievement. But the down payment alone is enough for the guild maintenance. Besides, if this job succeeds, the value of the name of the mercenary group will rise.”
One of his eyes was shining.
“I mean… … Are you saying you’re finally going out into the world?”
It is the resurrection of the Jaysteen mercenaries.
“okay. It was decided in a hurry, but I’ll be able to make it in time for rehearsal. Briefing in the clearing in 10 minutes.”
* * *
At the venue of the World Beauty Contest, there was a separate waiting room for participants and event officials.
“Whoa. Whoa.”
Maya, who had just made her debut, sighed heavily as she sat in the waiting room for invited singers.
‘Why are you doing this? My heart beats too fast.’
The agency’s representative, Palmus, came into the waiting room and handed Maya a sedative.
“Still?”
“yes. but… … It will be fine.”
As many people worked hard for today, I couldn’t show my weakness.
“calm down. You worked hard. There was no mistake during rehearsal. You will do well.”
‘I should have made a mistake.’
The fact that it was finished neatly made me even more anxious because it was my first professional stage.
‘Sirone… … .’
Maya opened the sheet music with the title of the song ‘Rain of Light’ written on it.
‘Someday you’ll listen to my song.’
It means that light poured from the sky like showers, and it was a song that expressed the feelings of being in love with Sirone.
Seeing Maya noticeably calm down as she read the lyrics, Palmus licked his lips.
‘I don’t know who it is, but I’m blessed.’
When they first read the lyrics she submitted, everyone involved knew that they weren’t just words for lyrics.
‘Yes, this is just the beginning. All you need is to throw away your greed and throw out your heart.’
Falmus quietly avoided the seat.
participant waiting room.
The room where the beauties representing 32 countries gathered together was a silent battlefield.
The thoughts of the female guards were the same.
‘It won’t be easy to control.’
said Miss Weiden, who was sitting cross-legged in her undergarments, annoyed.
“Haa, boring.”
There was no answer coming back, and it was suffocating for her love of socializing.
‘If I could smoke a cigarette, I wouldn’t have a wish.’
The surveillance network of the competitors was spread over everyone, so it was impossible to sneak up on smoking.
Baring her armpits and yawning profusely, she turned to Miss Tormia, who was sitting next to her.
It was a woman with raw blonde hair that came down to the left and right, revealing a tall forehead, and beautiful eyebrows like pure gold.
“Hey, it’s still a long way to start, isn’t it stuffy when you’re wearing a dress? You have to change anyway.”
said Alfred Forney closing the book.
“The dignity of royalty knows no time or place.”
“Oh my, are you royalty?”
In the graduation exam at Tormia Magic School, she was unfortunately eliminated due to Maya’s eating out of the rules, and she applied for a leave of absence.
‘This is the best I can choose.’
It was a shock to fail the exam, but the world came to know about her family’s rape of Sirone.
‘If I win, I can enter the vested interest.’
In any country, the winner of a beauty pageant will receive preferential treatment from the government, which will be directly related to the political power of the royal family.
“Hey, are you really royalty? So why do good-looking people just cringe at you?”
Pony, who didn’t feel the value of responding, was about to open the book again, but a hand came in front of her eyes.
When I looked up, Miss Arachne was approaching me with a refreshing smile.
“nice to meet you. I am Barho Rangi.”
The kingdom of Arachne has produced many world championship winners from generation to generation, and Rangi was also a strong candidate for the championship.
“It’s Alfred Pony. I can’t say I’m happy.”
“Whoops, that’s straightforward. Are you sure you’re a wizard?”
Perhaps everyone would have obtained the participants’ profiles, but it was a painful past for Pony.
“I am not a wizard. Because I didn’t graduate.”
Pointing out the facts meant that her way of thinking still couldn’t escape the magician’s.
“know. I still think it’s cool.”
She was a woman who had a knack for making people feel comfortable.
“Hmm.”
When Pony made a sign of liking, Rangi brought a chair and sat down in front of her.
“You said you were going to Alpheas Magic School, right? then… … Do you know someone named Sirone?”
Emotions were revealed for the first time on Pony’s cold face.
“How do you know Sirone?”
“Huh, of course you know. Who in the world does not know the stars of the ivory tower?”
“but… … .”
The Ivory Tower is an unfamiliar institution to outsiders of magic, but Pony identified with her.
“What kind of person is Sirone?”
“What kind of person are you?”
Her eyes, as she rested her chin on her chin and recalled her school days, turned into deep sadness.
“Actually, we weren’t very close. Sometimes, to the extent of exchanging a few words at a restaurant. Rather, there were more fights.”
“Wow, did you fight that Sirone?”
I felt good for some reason.
“Because it was a competitor at the time. But it was only after the graduation exams that things went wrong. Sirone is from a commoner.”
added Pony.
“Of course, magic has nothing to do with status. It’s a world where you can push yourself through only with your skills.”
The fierce eyes subsided again.
“My family, the royal family, made a mistake. For just that reason, they eliminated Sirone, who was the top scorer, and put pressure on me to pass.”
‘Anyway, politicians… … .”
Is there a machine that can print the same?
“It was embarrassing. So she didn’t go anywhere. The case got worse. Eventually I… … .”
Pony said bitterly.
“I have decided to commit suicide.”
Rangi’s eyes widened, and Miss Biden, who was listening next to her, hurriedly whispered.
“Hey, what if I say something like that? How many ears do you have here?”
It would be a decisive blow if the tooth part leaked out, but Pony continued talking without wavering.
“I tied a rope to the ceiling and hung it around my neck.”
None of the participants responded, but the sound of speech completely disappeared.
“I pushed the chair away and left my body to gravity. But the moment it fell down, it stopped.”
Rangi swallowed his saliva.
“It was strange, so I slowly opened my eyes and looked down, but Sirone was holding my leg. The guy who put me down looked right at me and said this.”
Pony’s words were extremely calm.
“It’s not your fault, Pony.”
Everyone was looking at her now.
“It wasn’t something I said to comfort myself. Because it’s really not my fault. She was about to lose her wizard license, let alone the chief, and that’s what she said.”
Pony still couldn’t believe it.
“What kind of person is Sirone? It’s simple. Wizard. And he is the greatest wizard of our time.”
“You still like magic.”
“I wanted to do it all the way. But I want to believe in myself a little more. I think that would be the order.”
Endless battles and competitions, a cold borderline world where no one appeals to emotion.
But looking back, I wondered if it was the most comforting time in Pony’s life.
“Miss you. school… … .”
The first smile appeared on Pony’s lips, and the listening competitors turned their heads.
‘Sheesh, I can’t use that.’
If it was a shame, I would shed it, but if it was a drama like that, it only enhanced Pony’s charm.
‘The archmage who defeats the dragon.’
Rangi still had the novella that Sirone had left at the hotel.
“You are a wonderful person, Sirone.”
Pony laughed.
“Yes, when you are a wizard… … To be honest, I can’t deny it either. But if you see it in person, you will be amazed. Because he’s a country boy who’s usually flawless.”
Although the situations in which they understood each other were different, it seemed that Rangi knew what he meant.
‘When you’re a wizard. What would it look like?’
While Rangi was lost in his imagination, the guards who inspected the surrounding area entered again.
The captain of the guard introduced Jaysteen.
“I am an emergency sniper expert this time. This will further enhance your safety, so you can participate in the competition with peace of mind.”
Those who knew about the terrorist threat were a minority even in the capital.
“What kind of sniper expert? Honestly, who would shoot us from afar? I don’t know if I catch you.”
Jaysteen said.
“It’s not just men who are the villains in the world. This is a measure to be sure, so please follow the control.”
“Oh, I don’t know, I don’t know! You can control what you eat, drink, and even breathe. What kind of control is that?”
Confidentiality was a priority, so persuasion was impossible.
“From now on, the world’s grand festival! Let the finals of the world beauty pageant begin!”
Received applause from the audience, the moderator exited, and the opening ceremony celebration continued.
“Maya, tension is poison, but you can’t put it down too much. Trust me. You can do it.”
It was Maya’s turn.
“I am introducing! I am Maya, the owner of excellent singing skills from Tormia!”
I took a deep breath and stood alone in full view of the crowd, and my mind went giddy.
‘Let’s stay calm. You’ve done something even harder than this.’
It reminded me of my magic school days.
‘Yes, I’m not alone.’
The appearance of the players arranging the instruments felt like the Sirone team that fought together during the highland occupation.
‘Bomb drum, Iruki.’
As soon as the majors and instruments were arranged, they smiled.
‘The red-faced keyboard Amy. Nade is perfect for an electric guitar. And the base… … .’
Sirone, who always held the center of the team.
‘someday… … Can we play together?’
The prelude to the song “Rain of Light,” which she wrote, flowed, and she felt the eyes of a thousand people focus on her.
“Whoa! thank god. It’s not too late.”
The moment Sirone, who arrived late, sat down, Maya stepped slowly to match the beat.
“It’s really cool, Maya. You have achieved your dream.”
I couldn’t hear Sirone’s voice, but Maya’s movement from side to side stopped abruptly.
“What, what? Why are you here?”
Falmus, watching from backstage, immediately realized that the situation was not normal.
“Sirone.”
At first, I wondered if I was seeing an illusion, but the person sitting in the first class was definitely Sirone.
‘Sirone is really here.’
There was no sound of music, no cheers from the audience, not even a heartbeat.
—————————————

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-794.txt
=============YYYYY=============
[794] Beta Fish (4)
“it’s over. Totally ruined.”
Even though the previous week was almost over, Maya showed no signs of moving, so Falmus held his head.
‘Have I been eaten up by the tension?’
It was common for rookies to have their mind suddenly go blank and not be able to think of anything.
By the time Maya’s voice came out, Falmus, who couldn’t bear to look at reality, closed his eyes.
“Like a shower… … .”
A refreshing voice like the opening of the dawn.
“huh?”
Palmers opens his eyes, and the song begins as an intense drumbeat explodes.
“Light is coming down from the sky!”
The explosive singing power that cuts through the notes of all instruments burst out as if pushing the audience.
‘I got into a perfect berth. It’s much better than the rehearsal, isn’t it?’
Maya’s voice, surrendering to the rhythm before she knew it, was the most genuine I’d ever heard.
‘I’m not afraid.’
Because there can be no mistakes in sincerity.
‘Because I practiced countless times.’
I couldn’t think of anything, but the rhythm, the melody, and the time of the song flowed unconsciously.
“Like a sudden shower!”
As her ears gradually opened and she could see the world, Sirone smiled like the lyrics of the song.
“The inevitable light pours down!”
I can’t clearly define how sincerity changes technology, but the audience certainly felt it.
“That singer, does he sing well?”
“I know. The other invited singers are also famous, and even though they are newcomers, the level is high.”
Sirone’s mouth itched at the people’s praise.
‘That person is my classmate.’
I thought I’d just have to watch her from afar until she climbed higher.
“The best! Maya!”
It was a splendid debut stage.
* * *
At a point eight miles (14 km) away from the assembly grounds, a group was moving at high speed.
Those who flew low with the power of the wind, those who ran only with muscle power, those who borrowed the power of machines.
Although the methods were varied, their speed, which can be called arrows, was almost equal.
“Mortasinger-sama, we will arrive at the venue soon.”
It was the language of heaven.
“good. Wait two kilometers away.”
A woman whose face was covered with a cloth with a drawing of a black cube spoke from the center of the crowd.
“You have to kill all the pretty things.”
He was Mortasinger (10,48 years old), 10th in the order of the Ten Commandments.
“The response will not be easy. World beauty pageants are Arachne’s main business.”
“Yes, it is a country of subregions. It’s nothing for us who ruled over the subjects of Heaven to worry about.”
La Enemy enlisted the Order of the Ten and the Eternal community to build an altar.
The reason was that it could easily permeate into the human world through reset, but Ra’s final choice was Nane.
‘Anyway, I don’t have that much responsibility.’
Veron and Baknyeo died, and Shura heard rumors that he became Nane’s disciple and was learning Buddhism.
‘If I had known it would be like this, I would have brought Yoo-jung from heaven. Then the situation would have already been over.’
Ranked 2nd in the Order of the Ten Commandments.
However, at the time, the apostasy was not permitted, so he would have been sleeping languidly, entrusting everything to his alter ego.
‘I don’t know! Now I’m going to do whatever I want.’
The other executives were also eccentric, so after Nane let go of Buddha, they scattered all over the world with only a handful of followers.
‘Just talk nonsense later!’
Mortasinger, who was responsible for the community alone, moved the organization with personal feelings.
‘It’s sad to be ugly, but do you hold a beauty contest? Anyway, the people of the subdivision are less distant!’
A man with a bulging belly and a tiger-like beard approached Mortasinger’s side.
“Is this fight meaningful?”
It was a man named Bodhidharma who had reached the level of Vajrapani, and behind him was the one-armed monk Hyega.
“… … .”
It wasn’t the traditional 3 subjects, but anyway, heaven was a place where countless alien species flowed in.
Above all, their level far surpassed Mortasinger, who was over 10,000 years old.
“If you find the meaning, that’s it. If you don’t intend to follow my will, get out of here.”
Other Eternals of the same level had already left the community following the leader of the Council of Ten Lords.
“Gudo is not somewhere else. We will be by your side.”
Mortasinger was the only cadre among the Tenrohoe who relied on eating out, rather than the state.
“You don’t have to sympathize. Because I am strong enough.”
The Ten Commandments are strong.
‘That’s why it’s a pity.’
A perfectly twisted human being.
Even Geumgangseung couldn’t destroy her diet.
* * *
On the first day of the competition, the representatives of each country were introduced, and the identities of the veiled women were revealed.
“everyone! This is Miss Weiden!”
Contrary to her yawning appearance in the waiting room, she appeared on stage like a shy girl.
“Wow! The best! After all, it’s Biden!”
Seeing her gently turn her head and blush, other participants gasped in vain.
‘Total pretense. Oh, my mouth is tickling to death.’
After a brief self-introduction and interview, it was Miss Tormia’s turn.
“uh? You should see this.”
Sirone, who was walking around the venue while checking the terrorist threat, stopped and stood on tiptoe.
“Don’t be alarmed! Miss Tormia this time is a royal family as befits a beauty representing the country!”
“royalty?”
“I am introducing! Alfred Pony!”
When the fully-dressed Pony walked onto the stage, the audience greeted her with cheers.
“Pony?”
On the other hand, Sirone opened her eyes wide.
“What about school?”
All kinds of thoughts crossed my mind, but the conclusion was that it was much more beautiful than when I was in school.
‘Maya and Pony. It’s embarrassing.’
Finally, when the representative of Arachne, the host country of the tournament, stepped forward, the loudest applause erupted.
“Rangi! Rangi!”
A man with hearts engraved in his eyes broke through the crowd and ran right under the stage.
“i love you!”
It was the man who held Sirone in the beauty pageant parade and delivered a long speech.
“oh?”
Rangi, accustomed to the stage, looked down without panic, but the bodyguards grabbed him.
“Pull it out! What are you doing!”
The moment I first saw Rangi, I realized it like fate.
“You are the person I was looking for!”
Sirone, who was watching the scene in bewilderment, suddenly turned around to feel the chill running down her spine.
“what?”
From a distance unrecognizable by the human eye, a clear intent to kill was fired in a straight line.
“It’s a sniping!”
Numerous iron marbles were flying into the arena from the side of the mountain.
‘That’s… … ?’
If Sirone’s eyes were accurate, the Akra was a weapon used by the subjects of Mecca.
“Get down!”
J-Steen, who was the only one keeping an eye on the ridge, saw the iron ball first and moved.
He pushed all the participants with his arms and threw them off the stage, but Rangi in the center could not escape.
“what… … ?”
Explosive orbs reached up to 200 meters in front, and I was distracted by the shelling that covered the sky.
“Mr. Rangi!”
The man who shook off the bodyguards went up to the stage and threw himself into Rangi as if to tackle him.
“Kyaaak!”
As she fell backwards, she saw hundreds of iron marbles spinning like a whirlpool in her eyes.
‘Is it a dream?’
When the brain, which intuitively felt death, activated the seesaw of time, particles of light bubbled like soap bubbles in the middle of the landscape.
‘city… … as… … .’
The light composes sirone faster than the speed of thought.
‘… … yes?’
The marbles that received strong resistance began to light red flames like corn bursting.
‘As high as possible!’
Numerous orbs that rose up into the sky in a swirl like a dragon exploded at the same time.
“Aww! Terror!”
At the same time as the audience scattered in all directions due to the earth-shaking explosion, the guards activated the manual.
“Rangi, are you okay?”
When Shirone turned around, Rangi, who was dumbfounded, nodded involuntarily.
“Jaysteen! What about that one?”
J-Steen came up to the stage cleaning her ears.
“All is well. But this… … .”
Pony jumped out of nowhere.
“Sirone! Why are you here?”
“Are you? How are you doing at school?”
After choosing her words for a moment, she raised an eyebrow.
Jaysteen shouted.
“come!”
About 200 people were running fast from the point where the sniper-like shelling had been carried out.
Pony, who had been contemplating an answer until then, looked straight at Sirone with her eyes shining.
“It’s a tactical choice.”
“okay?”
The corner of Sirone’s mouth went up.
“You don’t need to protect me, do you?”
A rough stream of water shot up along Pony’s hands, then clumped together in the air.
“A horse?”
At the same time, Sirone teleported down the stage, and the Eternal community rushed in.
“Kill! I mean kill all pretty things!”
‘What is it?’
Just looking at the Mecca equipped with the Piper, it was clear that the subjects were the subjects, but the reason for the terror was too crude.
“It is a terrorist! Execute them all on the spot!”
The guards mobilized and fought back, but the skills of the Eternals were one to one hundred.
“ha ha ha! The pitiful people of the land!”
When those equipped with steel skeletons jumped around like springs and kicked, the armor cracked.
‘Perhaps a strength aid… … .’
The moment the pony grasped the mechanism and raised the water power, a sharp wind blew in.
“Aaaaa!”
Pony’s concentration skyrocketed at the sound of singing behind her back, and the water dragon, a shogi, caused a flood.
“wow.”
Rangi put on a dazed look at the sight of the huge flow of water covering the bladed wind and sweeping away even the Mecha people.
“What are you looking at? Are you also from military affairs? Grab something and get ready to fight quickly.”
Pony, who gave the instructions, looked back at Maya, who had just cast sound magic.
“Ah, there… … hi? how have you been doing?”
“Sheesh!”
It was not pleasant to reunite with the person who directly dropped Pony in the graduation exam.
“okay. Let’s get rid of it later, let’s fight for now.”
While a few came to their senses, most participants were terrified.
“Aaaaaagh! help me! What are the guards doing!”
“Take me! What kind of person am I! Fighting later and escaping from me first!”
Thinking it was Han that the audience didn’t hear, Rangi came to Pony’s side.
“When I saw them, they were very strong.”
There were guards guarding the stage in two or three layers, but it seemed like an instant to break through.
“Did you know Sirone?”
Rangi shrugged his shoulders.
“I know heaven helped. I don’t know which of the three of us came to meet… … .”
Although Pony’s prediction was wrong.
“At least I won’t die here.”
Where her gaze reached, Sirone was charging towards the enemy’s captain.
“What are you doing!”
A woman whose face was covered with a cloth painted with the symbol of Mecca flew into the sky and laughed.
“Knock-knock! why? Are you pissed off for bullying pretty kids?”
‘It ends in one shot.’
While loading the photon cannon, Bodhidharma and Hyega simultaneously attacked from the left and right sides.
‘strong!’
Bodhidharma, who fell down stronger than gravity, threw his fist straight out.
“Pungnyu Geumgangwon!”’
The wind pressure, as if the shape of a fist had been stamped out, hit Sirone as hard as iron.
‘It’s incarnation.’
With the sphere of Yahweh in her palm, Sirone raised her wind fist from bottom to top.
“Get out.”
With a popping sound, the Diamond Fist was released, and it permeated into the atmosphere in a huge way.
“huh?”
Bodhidharma’s eyes widened grotesquely.
‘It’s a golden fist because it can’t be solved. however… … .”
Hye Ga rushed.
“Keumgangseong.”
His body, which could transform anything it touched into adamantine, was covered in sharp diamonds.
“Stop! Hyega!”
A single flash of light hit Hye Ga’s stomach, and the diamond shattered in vain.
“Gagging!”
The face of Hye-ga, who opened her eyes in astonishment, was revealed, and Mortar Singer’s laughter stopped.
“Super unity?”
The ultimate in power that Mecha seeks.
And the Norse calls it Yahweh.
—————————————

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-795.txt
=============YYYYY=============
[795] Beta Fish (5)
“Aryan Sirone.”
It was the name of the only person in the world who could use super unification power.
‘Is it really possible?’
It was the sum of all the laws presumed to have existed at the moment when the universe turned on, that is, in the Planck era.
‘I won’t be able to compete with them.’
I don’t mean to disparage the skills of Bodhidharma and Hyega, but super unification was a rat poison to seekers.
‘I couldn’t destroy even the most correct Buddha. But what about eating out?’
The 10th rank of the Order of the Ten Commandments, the level is incomparable to the upper ranks, but in her mind, it was a completely different universe.
“Your Yahweh is not in me.”
Landing on the ground, Mortasinger charged towards Sirone and cast her magic.
“Hidden Peace.”
As the etheric waves spread, a huge mecha cube fell on Sirone’s head.
‘I can’t avoid it.’
Such a law, or equivalent exchange.
“Keugh!”
Sirone looked incomprehensible as her right hand disappeared.
“what… … !”
At the same time, the world split like a puzzle, and the bodily sensations began to get tangled up.
‘The world didn’t split.’
Sirone’s body, academically, was split.
“It started.”
Bodhidharma, who looked at Hyega’s condition, looked at Sirone as if he had turned a cube puzzle around.
Eating Out Rules Hidden Peace.
Mortasinger, based on etheric waves, can split the target into 98 cubes.
By taking one piece from there, the puzzle is completed, and the space is shuffled like a cube.
‘It’s Estas!’
Sirone recalled the structure of Mecca she had seen in heaven and the Istas of magic school at the same time.
When I focused my senses with my eyes moving toward my ankle, the block started to move.
‘Nerves are alive.’
There is no clear schema like inspection.
However, the human body schema of which organs should be where was laid in the unconscious.
“Ho-ho-ho! It’s futile!”
By the time Sirone managed to move one eye back to its original position, her lower body was in a mess.
In a situation where one side shuffled the puzzle and the other put it together, Sirone’s thinking accelerated.
‘I got it!’
The blocks rushing at Mortasinger started to regain their original form as they caused waves.
‘What do you think… … .’
Sirone, who trained his brain function all his life, had the world’s best thinking ability.
“Give me my hand.”
The puzzle was solved, but Mortar Singer still had the hidden piece in his right hand.
‘How do I unlock it?’
Due to the nature of eating out, there will be conditions, but before that, Morta Singer replaced Hidden Piece.
In the space divided into 98 equal parts, including the radius surrounding Sirone, the upper two eyes disappeared.
“it’s over!”
Just as Mortar Singer confirmed her victory, a single photon cannon rushed towards her.
Sirone’s brain, which had become Hidden Peace, emitted a special brain wave right before it was immersed in darkness.
‘It can’t be avoided.’
The speed of the Photon Cannon itself put the Mortar Singer in a state of Movement Zero.
‘Because it’s the best speed.’
There was only a fraction of a second left before the collision, but he was immersed in darkness, convinced of the law that had already been established.
“Kiyaaaa!”
Hastily releasing the hidden peace, she warped space with etheric waves and let the photon cannon flow.
‘also.’
When Sirone’s vision returned, he saw the collapsed Mortasinger clutching his shoulder.
‘Even if it’s the same etheric wave, its realm is shallower than that of the vocal sound.’
It was a completely different matter how much an unbeliever could twist the law.
‘Rian would have avoided it.’
Lian’s belief breaks the entire world’s laws.
“Sirone!”
Sirone’s spirit zone expanded rapidly at the sound of a call from the stage.
‘Is it the limit?’
I kept watching during the battle, but the guards could no longer protect the stage and opened the way.
“Kyaaaagh! come! come!”
As the Eternals rushed in, Jaysteen stood in their way and the contestants made a fuss.
“What the hell are you doing! Take all the money and eat it! Aren’t you supposed to protect us!”
Even if they shouted, the already mutilated guards could not help them.
“Wake! We protect our bodies!”
Pony, who received Maya’s support, struggled to raise water power, but the power of Norse’s collective magic exceeded her.
“Why do we protect our bodies! It’s a body that someone made for good! I mean get up quickly!”
When the Eternals came up on stage, it was a big fight in an instant, and even J-Steen couldn’t use his strength.
‘Really strong, these guys… … .’
It was not a world beauty contest, but they were talented people who could cause national terrorism.
“Kyayayayayaya!”
As the Kergos raised their bent swords and screamed, Rangi kicked off the ground and sprang out.
“no!”
Rangi’s teeth clenched together.
‘I don’t even know how to schema… … .’
The moment Kergoin flew like a hawk and kicked, Kergoin’s upper body bent like rubber.
“… … hey?”
Rangi’s face went blank at the speed he couldn’t even see with his eyes even though he was moving close by.
“The tribes of the weak land.”
The moon sword flashed, and Rangi’s body was pushed back with terrifying momentum.
Where Kergoin looked, frowning, Sirone was hugging her.
“are you okay?”
“uh? no, that’s… … .”
I had seen Sirone a few days ago, but the cold energy in her eyes was the first time in my life.
“hey! Sirone!”
cried the pony.
“You must have told me to stop these guys! This is not at the level of a criminal!”
“You blocked it anyway.”
As Pony gritted her teeth, the barrier of water gushed out and poured down.
“You do it now.”
As close to 200 people took over the stage, Sirone jumped out.
As the flash of the shotgun movement spread like a net, the array of Eternals collapsed in an instant.
“wow… … .”
Everyone was stunned by the sight of the enemies who were unable to catch i people even when the guards rushed at them.
Flashes of light rained down, and the number of Eternals dropped from 200 to 100 and then to 50 again.
‘Pony, you lied.’
Rangi had his eyes on Sirone, who was moving through enemy lines as if electricity were moving.
‘You said you couldn’t deny it?’
When she was a wizard, Sirone radiated the most beautiful light in the world.
“Mortasinger, please go back.”
Bodhidharma came closer, supporting Hyega.
“I don’t know why it’s here, but it’s a Hexa that other executives couldn’t use their hands on. You can’t win.”
“joy! Who won?”
Anyway, the youngest member of the Ten Commandments, he didn’t care about the depth of his realm or his magical skills.
“I mean kill them!”
beautiful things in the world.
“Hidden Peace!”
As the regulation eating out was triggered again, the entire stage was divided into 98 blocks.
In the process of being jumbled like a puzzle, blocks with participants were pushed in front of her.
“I will burn your face!”
As she lit a fire in her hands, she rushed into space, sparks flew from Sirone’s eyes in the distance.
With a pop, the flames engulfed the participants.
“Kyaaak! save people… … !”
1 second to here.
‘Time Vibration!’
And when that one second vibrated without knowing the end, this time Mortar Singer grabbed his head and screamed.
“What, what?”
As one second of repetition was included in one second, the world was divided into countless blocks in the eyes of the participants.
After the section where information danced in huge waves, the world gradually began to take shape.
‘Found it, the last puzzle.’
The back of Sirone, who had her back to Mortasinger, caused a ripple as if gushing out, and the situation was reversed.
“Who are you?”
If the source of trauma is beauty, the condition for lifting the ban is to reveal one’s face.
As the wind cutter headed for Mortasinger’s face, the hidden piece was released and the scenery returned.
“no! Don’t look!”
Losing her will to fight, she flew towards the mountain, and Bodhidharma and Hyega followed.
“Now! Arrest!”
Listening to the sound of the guards capturing the terrorists, Sirone looked towards the mountain.
‘Eternal community. Have I lost my way?’
Ankera’s disappearance would have been like being abandoned by God.
‘I couldn’t seem to find the meaning to fight.’
Except for one person.
‘In terms of the strength of his abilities, he is at least a figure comparable to the Order of the Ten Commandments. But why would you do this?’
The more I thought about it, the more I couldn’t understand it.
* * *
The evening newspaper was an extra for a long time.
A newspaper headlined the terrorism of the world beauty pageant, and people’s attention was focused on it.
“Whoa, it’s not a fuss.”
When Jysteen returned to the guild, Sirone, who was having a meal with the members, asked.
“How have you been? What did the organizers say?”
“Contest follow-up. It seems that most of the terrorists were caught and eaten by the superiors.”
Sirone was bewildered.
“But you still have it, right? Also a terrorist instigator. Are you still continuing the competition?”
“Because it makes money. you know?”
“What about the participants?”
For the first time, J-Steen showed signs of being tired.
“I thought your ears were bleeding. Asking for psychological counseling, prescribing psychiatric medication, etc.”
I imagined it even without seeing it.
“Are you going to do it gently?”
“What can I do? It’s not just picking pretty people. Making the world peaceful with beauty is the official slogan. Anyone who runs away from here will be criticized.”
Sirone remembered the street demonstrations.
“There are quite a few people who watch the competition closely. It will be a great opportunity for them.”
“okay. So I do… … .”
Jaysteen sighed.
“They say you must protect me. When I deliver an official statement, I never do it without that handsome guy.”
“I can’t. I also have acquaintances. Please insert it.”
Jaysteen shook her head.
“No, they want you to take full responsibility to protect them. So you should be in the waiting room too. I even want to accompany you to the bathroom, shower, and restaurant.”
Sirone’s eyes widened.
“yes? Are you crazy? am i a man? What if I accept such a request? Besides, tomorrow is swimsuit day!”
Then you go and tell me yourself! What are the grown-up virgins saying, mother, mother, and weeping? I don’t believe in the guard or anything else! I’m in complete panic!”
A grunt sounded from Sirone’s throat.
“I will read it.”
“You know that. but it won’t work Who you are has already spread among the contestants. There is no human being who will refuse to be protected by the world’s best wizard.”
My head was already pounding.
“Everyone will stay in the bunker tonight, but the problem is tomorrow when the tournament resumes. What are you going to do? The guards seem to want you to do it too. Isn’t it fun to hear? The terrorists this time are the ones who unleashed demons all over the world?”
It was an organization that destroyed the special forces of each country.
“… … all right. I will.”
The participating countries heard the news and would quickly take action, but Sirone was the only one to protect the stage right away.
“Here you are.”
He put his hand on Sirone’s shoulder.
“if… … Don’t you need an assistant?”
Turning her head, Sirone read the bright eyes of the other members.
“Yes, there is no need.”
Sirone sighed resolutely and lowered Aku’s hand.
—————————————

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-796.txt
=============YYYYY=============
[796] Complex (1)
“excuse me.”
After breakfast, the members of the J-Steen Guild, who were about to leave for the event, turned to the uninvited guests.
“If I have something to do, I should excuse myself. But who are you?”
It was a woman with a stern impression that looked good with big glasses and bobbed hair.
“Isn’t this the J-Steen Guild?”
Aekku acted as a representative.
“Of course, this is J-Steen… … Ugh!”
I was going to joke about it, but when a pale man with shaved eyebrows entered, I hurriedly backed away.
“What are you doing in a place like this?”
As Freeman looked around, four top officers of the parrot mercenary entered one after another.
‘Coriander.’
All prayers were unusual.
In the end, Jasein got up from his seat and asked questioningly.
“What are you guys? They’ve been attacking other people’s guilds since morning.”
Marsha burst out laughing.
“Anyway, if you called someone, you should have organized the ranks. Miss, do you know who we are?”
“I don’t know, but I think I know. I’ve never seen a proper guy for a human who speaks those lines.”
Marsha raised her index finger.
“sympathy. But make an exception this time. If they are also people who live in the same world as us.”
“Hmph, that sound… … .”
Just as J-Steen was about to start walking, Sirone opened the back door and came in after taking a bath outdoors.
“uh? Marsha’s sister. When did you come?”
Marsha narrowed her eyes as she watched as she ripped off her hair with a towel.
“Hmm.”
Undercoder’s Sirone was just a copy of the information, so after all, it’s been 4 years since I broke up with Galliant.
‘It’s grown a lot.’
He had the naive impression of a seventeen-year-old, but his temperament was much sharper.
Sirone, who hung the towel on the chair, rushed over and took Marsha’s hand.
“It’s been a while.”
Marsa put Syrone’s neck around her arm.
“you! You called me in a strange way! What the hell is it? Even if you try to refuse, you don’t get a reply!”
“Aww! There was a situation!”
Marsha, who pulled Syrone by the neck, looked back at Freeman and smiled.
“circumstances? All the stars say that this is all big.”
The Jaysteen mercenaries, who were watching the commotion, narrowed their eyes as if they had come to their senses.
“No way, parrot mercenaries?”
Marsha said to Jaysteen.
“okay. I came because there was someone who wanted to see me like crazy. Who is it?”
“I meant to see you. I have something to ask of you.”
While Sirone was conveying the full story with a voice of arrogance, J. Steen stared at Marsha.
‘This woman… … .’
Our Lady of All Outcasts
‘I have a nasty personality.’
I don’t know what kind of relationship he had with Sirone, but the magnanimity of wielding the Five Stars like a gangster wouldn’t discriminate against anyone.
“Hmm, that’s how it happened… … .”
After hearing the explanation, Marsha approached the table, and everyone at the table moved away.
Sitting alone in a chair, Marsha took out a cigarette, bit her lips, and waved her hand at Sirone.
“fire.”
There was a debt I owed from Undercorder, and since I was in a position to ask for help, I couldn’t help but listen.
‘Really, this older sister never changes.’
Marsha, who lit a cigarette on the fire Yahweh had made, put it between her fingers and let out a long puff of smoke.
“good. Jaysteen Guild, accept it. Whether it’s Harvits or whatever, if we become a family, we’ll go all the way.”
“Thank you, hehe.”
Marsha had no choice but to burst into laughter at the unprecedented Nucksal.
‘This guy is now an adult too.’
Still, he was like a younger brother.
“In exchange, there are conditions on this side as well. It’s not particularly great, but I think it’ll be faster to go through you.”
“What is it?”
Marsha’s expression became serious for the first time.
“Do you know about Fermi?”
It was not strange for Marsha to know since they had a history of fighting together in Undercoder.
“no. I only heard that you left after the graduation exam. What happened after that… … .”
“He, do you know what an alias is on this floor?”
Marsha lit a cigarette.
“Shin Hong drug lord.”
Sirone’s mouth gaped blankly.
“The central continent has already been eaten and it is spreading to the southern continent. The lower the addictiveness, the higher the unit price. Surprisingly, this worked. Ordinary people also get their hands on it. It was to attack the people’s fear of demons.”
“But why drugs? If you need money, you can do it with a transaction of depreciation… … .”
“You fool, it’s because you don’t know this floor, it’s not at that level. The down payment I made with the Empress of Kasan is already paid off.”
Even so, it was something I couldn’t understand.
‘Is it broken?’
Did the magician’s faith and Yogi’s will be lost due to the shock of the graduation exam?
“How did you know, sister?”
“As the power of the parrot grows, people of all kinds come in. A few of them seem to have dabbled in drugs. As you know, our mercenaries are strictly prohibited from taking drugs.”
As Marsha beckoned, a dark-skinned man with wide shoulders approached.
It was Shake (Rat, Tiger), leader of the 3rd Division of the Parrot Mercenary Corps.
“nice to meet. It’s called Shake.”
After a brief introduction, he rolled up his forearm and showed the hieroglyph meaning rat engraved on his left arm.
“I am a warrior of the Wen people. Selected warriors can have two of the twelve animals engraved on their bodies.”
It was a kind of shamanism.
“To be exact, one out of six for combat and one out of six for support. Rats can trigger tunnel sights. It can bend the direction of light.”
I thought it was amazing.
“I can see inside this ceiling, for example. It’s not clairvoyance. Follow the crack in the floor, climb up the drain and go through the ventilation system to see it. In any case, in this way, suspicious subordinates were carefully monitored. And I found the coins of the drug dealers. It looks like this.”
Shake took out the coin and noticed it immediately.
“The golden ring… … .”
Ting and flipped the coin, he snatched it in the middle.
“I know too. It took me a month to find out where this sentence was used. It is the pattern he used at the magic school in Tormia, that is, Fermi’s alma mater.”
It will be Fermi.
‘It’s not like someone stole it. She can’t expand her drug routes at this rate unless it’s him,’
Sirone clenched both fists.
“Fermi, you really… … .”
No matter how bright it was, I didn’t know how to do business using drugs that lead to human destruction.
Marsha said.
So our condition is this. Currently, neither the drug manufacturing plant nor Fermi’s whereabouts are known. If you see Fermi, give me a place.”
“What are you going to do to meet me?”
“Appeasement, or partnership if you want. Of course, it’s not like drug trafficking, but… … Because Fermi is great.”
That was what I felt at Undercorder.
“all right.”
Because Hexa could exist because of Yoga, I thought I should meet Fermi at least once.
“Is it sorted out then? Jysteen’s mercenaries pack their bags. Because there are things I want to entrust you with.”
Sirone stopped Marsha.
“Before that, there are things left in Arachne. Let’s finish that and leave.”
Although it achieved its original goal of being a beta fish, it could not leave the world beauty pageant behind.
“What’s left? What happened?”
Sirone sighed.
“that is… … .”
* * *
When Sirone arrived at the venue, there were more bodyguards around than spectators.
At the time of the terrorist attack, box office success was over, but it would be possible to promise next year only after completing the competition.
‘That person came today too.’
The man I saw at the parade was volunteering by distributing flyers today.
“Barho Rangi representing Arachne! We look forward to your love! Rangi as the winner!”
However, the slogan has changed.
‘It’s not the time to worry about others.’
Early in the morning, the contestants moved from the bunker to the competition site, and it was now up to Sirone to ensure everyone’s safety.
‘I don’t have the talent to appease.’
I took a deep breath in front of the door and knocked, but there was no sound to come in.
“Hey, this is Sirone.”
There was no response, so I turned the doorknob, and the door opened by itself, opening a gap.
“I will go in.”
Countless women were waiting in front of Sirone, whose face was sticking out.
“surprise!”
Paper firecrackers exploded and paper dust fluttered down on Sirone’s head.
“Are you surprised? Here’s our welcome ceremony! Come in quickly!”
Miss Old Hill, whose skin was like snow, pulled Syrone away, baring her teeth.
All the participants were gathered, and among them were women in only underwear.
“Uh, there… … .”
Pony met her eyes and sighed.
“sorry. It’s because of me. Yesterday, while talking to Mr. Rangi, you came up… … .”
Rangi approached with an apologetic expression.
“I think it would be safe to have you. I spoke frankly.”
“That’s fine. Because nothing is more important than safety. But this is a bit… … .”
The voice of the official was heard.
“Twenty minutes before the competition.”
As soon as the talk was over, some participants took off their underwear and started changing into swimsuits.
“Aww!”
Shirone, stricken with great fear, hurriedly turned around, and the women burst into laughter.
“Sirone is naive. It’s okay to be comfortable. For us, this is our job, and there are many male designers.”
It wasn’t just wizards who didn’t see their panties.
“Of course, not everyone is allowed to enter. But Sirone is not insidious… … .”
Rangi shyly turned around and prepared to change clothes.
“I’m not fine! hey! Get out of here!”
It was then that Pony, whose face was as hot as persimmon, pushed Sirone on the back.
‘Living?’
As I hurriedly turned around, my energy disappeared like a lie.
“Hey, hey! What if you turn around like that!”
‘Didn’t you feel Pony?’
It was only hostility toward Sirone, and the women who didn’t know why laughed.
“Ho-ho-ho! how is it? Seeing it, there’s nothing wrong, right? Still, since I had a good time, should I keep watching until the end of the tournament?”
There was nothing special at all, but there was only one thought that came to Sirone’s head.
“ah… … .”
Pony shouted even louder at Sirone’s moan.
“Get out!”
Why couldn’t I have thought of it?
‘I didn’t check the face of the terrorist. And if her diet is to steal a part of her body… … .’
This means that you can replace it with your own face.
‘Wouldn’t there be traces left?’
I looked closely at the women’s necklines, but I couldn’t find the slightest sense of incongruity.
‘Even if it’s a mental change… … .’
If only the appearance of the face had been replaced, the brain would have belonged to the terrorist, but it was impossible to confirm because the participants’ personalities were not known.
‘It was probably a mistake to lose my life.’
If the terrorist is here, the further away Sirone is, the higher the risk of getting hit.
“Don’t worry, Pony.”
Sirone said seriously.
“Because you see with your eyes, you don’t really see.”
The contestants turned their heads to Sirone, and Pony shook her shoulders with a dazed expression.
“… … What kind of crazy is that?”
Grabbing Sirone by the ear, she opened the door and dragged her outside.
“Get out, you pervert! get out quickly… … !”
“wait for a sec.”
Sirone pulled her wrist and whispered in her ear as she closed the door.
“Hasn’t there been any contestants who have gotten a little weird since this morning?”
—————————————

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-797.txt
=============YYYYY=============
[797] Complex (2)
Pony asked again, narrowing her eyes.
“Are you a weird person?”
“Maybe there are terrorists mixed in there.”
Pony knew what kind of ability a terrorist’s eating out was based on.
“Is it possible? I didn’t have enough space to make such an attempt. Security was really tight.”
Pony is by no means weak, but the terrorist’s skills far exceeded her expectations.
“There is a possibility that it may have changed after arriving at the venue. Do you have any tips?”
Pony looked back at the door.
“It’s a problem because there are too many of them. I went through something like that yesterday and everyone was shocked. There are people who try to act brightly, and vice versa… … .”
It was natural.
“If it’s a face swap, you won’t be able to talk. Your eyes will also be a little hazy.”
If the hostages held by the terrorists were in a normal state, they would have screamed in fear the moment their bodies were changed.
“There is, especially the one who hasn’t spoken since this morning.”
“who is this?”
Pony searched for her memory.
“As of 9 am, there are 3 people who have not said a word. Miss Weiden, Miss Nam Eymond, Miss Yakma.”
“Ummm, three people.”
“Couldn’t you rather compare heights? Even if the face has changed, the body is a terrorist. How far can you tell with your eyes?”
“About plus or minus 0.3 cm. But the terrorist’s face is covered, so we can’t determine his exact height.”
“Ultimately, you have to find it yourself. Then how about I call out one by one?”
Sirone shook her head.
“Dangerous. A woman held hostage could get hurt, and if she commits a random terror out of desperation… … .”
“Then what are you going to do?”
“Replacing a face is a precise operation. Hidden Peace should be hidden nearby. Keep an eye on the participants’ movements while I look for them.”
“okay. I’ll go in now. If you take your time, you will get suspicious.”
As Sirone ran down the hallway, Pony corrected her expression and opened the door to the waiting room.
Participants tilted their heads.
“What about Mr. Sirone?”
“I told them to wait outside and sent them back.”
“why? I really can stay with you.”
“Heh, I’m a specification. Even if no one else knows, I never change my clothes in front of my alumni.”
The other contestants didn’t suspect it when he took out his swimsuit and changed it around like that.
‘Can I make it on time?’
It was 5 minutes before the start of the competition.
‘The ability to split a space within a radius into a specific number. It must be inside the building.’
Sirone thought it was within a 100 meter radius.
‘It would be nice to use the Quantum Super Position.’
Just as you can’t stop seeing what you see with your eyes, it was impossible to drop the senses that evolved through resonance with your mouth.
‘then… … .’
It was a completely different world, and in Sirone’s world, human will can change the future.
‘Time Vibration!’
After vibrating for one second, Sirone searched all the rooms around her while the time looped.
‘doesn’t exist! Not even here!’
It was an endless second.
After looking around the entire building like that, when we arrived at the waiting room, the participants had left for the competition.
‘no. It can’t be.’
It was one of them.
‘It’s not really there, or the target is also moving.’
However, if the target was moving fast, there was no way it wouldn’t be caught in the spirit zone.
‘damn!’
Sirone eventually went out of the building at the sound of shouts from outside the venue.
“… … .”
After 20 seconds, the air where Sirone was was hardened into adamantine and formed a human form.
‘Keumgang’s innocence.’
The powder spread with a popping sound, and then Hye-ga, holding a hostage with one arm, appeared.
‘As long as I’m not thinking about anything, you can’t feel me in the Spirit Zone.’
The ability to embody the phenomenological nothingness.
Although Hui is also unable to move, there is no way to find him in the state of Vajrapani.
‘Master, is this really the right thing to do?’
As long as they belonged to the Eternal community, they had no choice but to follow orders, but taking hostages was not a Buddhist’s business.
‘What meaning will there be in the road that has lost its purpose?’
The hostage with Mortasinger’s face covered in cloth wriggled as if it would be released from the hypnotic spell.
“Grow a little longer.”
Hye-ga put her hand on her stomach and chanted, and the woman’s spasms disappeared like a lie.
“Wow, you came unexpectedly a lot?”
It was definitely less than yesterday, but more than 100 people were filling the front of the audience.
said Rangi.
“I heard that the government of Arachne sent an army specially for the tournament. Besides, the swimsuit judging is the highlight of the competition.”
The opportunity to see the world’s most beautiful women in swimsuits is rare in my life.
“Miss Arachne! This is Barho Rangi!”
The audience gathered today was one hundred thousand, and when Rangi walked out, a hot cheer erupted.
“wow! really the best! Rangi!”
Rangi’s body, which had been cultivated for a year for today, was so beautiful that it made me think it was unrealistic.
“We will have a Q&A session from now on. Why did you enter the world beauty pageant?”
“I have been interested in world peace since I was young. marginalized people in this society, and… … .”
After all, because the audience is more open-minded than ears, Rangi gave a standard answer.
‘Pony! How did it go?’
Sirone, who came out to the audience, looked at Pony, but she shook her head.
‘I don’t know. Are you really here?’
Living was real.
“Miss Weiden! This is Maroni Adelka!”
Pony gave a soft chin.
‘Keep an eye on it. He’s a prime suspect.’
She has a cheerful and light personality, and she, who readily talked to Pony, hadn’t said a word since the terror attack.
“You look great today. What is Miss Adelka’s favorite food? And why?”
Still standing with a dark expression on her face, she opened her mouth with tears in her eyes.
“at home… … want to go.”
“yes? Miss Adelka?”
“I am so scared. I don’t want to die. Terrorism is scary, just send them home.”
When the contest official gave the signal to cut, the moderator immediately turned around.
“Miss Weiden seems to be very nervous. Let’s invite the next contestant.”
As she watched Adelka cry and return to her seat, Sirone’s mind became complicated.
‘It’s not Biden. then?’
With the suspects narrowed down to two, Miss Yakma came up to the podium.
“Okay then the question… … .”
Before the host could speak, she put her hands to her face and set her nails.
‘That person!’
At the same time as the ignorant killing spree rose, the nails severely scratched his face.
“Kyaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa it hurts! it hurts!”
Miss Yakma, who came to her senses, screamed when she realized that her face was clinging to someone else’s body.
The space was tangled up as the audience jumped up and the hidden peace of eating out of the regulations was activated.
‘Now!’
Sirone, who had been waiting in advance, used the sense of timing to vibrate for one second.
‘I have no choice but to kill!’
The moment when Sirone, who had returned to the moment before scratching his face, threw himself away.
‘what… … !’
Even faster than that, Mortasinger’s hands shattered Miss Yakma’s skull.
‘Only one second?’
The face of Mortar Singer, hidden in Hye-ga’s innocence, smiled faintly.
‘damn! again!’
After seeing the result, I returned to 1 second ago, but this time, Miss Yakma’s face was destroyed without a doubt.
‘I did it on purpose.’
Knowing that one second of time vibrates, he caused the first event to fill up one second.
Since the time frame of perception has been pushed away, no matter how much one second vibrates, the case of killing Miss Yakma will not change.
‘What are you going to do now? Even if you kill me, you can’t save the hostages. And if you can’t kill me… … .’
I will kill everyone in the arena.
‘One person and the whole life. Nothing can be weighed against Yahweh. You can’t do anything.’
Realizing the strategy Mortasinger had made the night before, Sirone stopped the time vibration.
“damn.”
The appearance of the Mortar Singer standing tall with his face blown off was quite hideous.
“Aww! help me! Terror!”
Pony immediately cast magic, but as Hidden Peace was activated, the earth and sky were reversed.
“People live… … !”
Woo woo woo woo!
When the ability was released in that state, the screams disappeared as if people were buried in the ground.
“Mrs. Mortasinger.”
Hyega appeared, and the Mortasinger’s face, covered with cloth, returned to the faceless body.
“Knock-knock! Knock-knock!”
As the mercenary parrots quickly approached, out of the radius of eating out, Bodhidharma blocked their way.
“Geumgangjang!”
Bodhidharma held out his hand, and the air was compressed in the form of a giant palm, stopping the display.
Mortasinger pointed at Sirone.
“How are you sure? Whether it be Yahweh or whatever, this is what happens when you touch the Church of the Ten Lords.”
“… … .”
Sirone’s eyes were cold.
“I will never forgive you.”
“okay? However much. However, even Yahweh cannot bring back the dead. I won!”
“Ataraxia.”
As the huge halo exploded like thunder, colorful information was accumulated.
“Ho-ho-ho! kill! I won though! All the pretty things in the world are dead!”
“… … Hexagonal.”
Although the result was unpredictable magic, the enraged Sirone penetrated the magic circle of amplification without hesitation.
“Big!”
As the sense of time and space expanded enormously, the only time that existed in the universe paralyzed the ninth sense.
“Aaaaaaaaa!”
And it vibrates with time vibration.
‘I can hold on!’
As the timeline wobbled at an amplitude of plus or minus 30 minutes, events began to flow in reverse order.
30 minutes ago.
“Huh! Huh!”
At the entrance of the building at the venue, Sirone exhaled a heavy breath while lying on the ground.
‘It’s like this.’
Whether it is one second or one hour, time vibration is a phenomenon that resets the local time zone.
‘If I could bounce back to the beginning of time… … .’
reset.
It was the administrator’s inherent authority, which only beings with 10-level stateless senses could do.
‘Even in the land system, at least an hour.’
I hadn’t even figured out how to reset the time perfectly.
‘First of all, saving people comes first.’
time is space
It was not possible to cover all the space, but the people of the convention hall could be saved in one hour of resonance.
‘The culprit is Miss Yakma.’
Killing the terrorist would prevent a massacre, but it could not save the hostages she had captured.
‘The one-armed monk was holding it. Judging by the ability, it’s not the movement of the target, but the one that doesn’t exist.’
Still nothing was caught in the spirit zone.
‘First, let’s poke and see the reaction.’
Now that it was the vibration of the first round, Sirone, who was at ease, approached the door of the waiting room.
“I will go in.”
Knowing that it was already open, Sirone opened the door roughly and went in, and the participants set off firecrackers.
“surprise!”
There was a popping sound and the paper dust fluttered, but Sirone didn’t even blink.
“Are you surprised? Here’s our welcome ceremony! Come in quickly!”
Miss Yakma’s nonchalant face was seen in Sirone’s eyes as she followed as she pulled her wrist.
—————————————

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-798.txt
=============YYYYY=============
[798] Complex (3)
When I entered the waiting room, the events I had already experienced began to happen sequentially.
“Sorry, it’s because of me. Yesterday, while talking to Mr. Rangi, you came up… … .”
Barron’s prediction was correct.
‘I’m saying it exactly as it is without a single mistake.’
Humans cannot change the future.
The gear wheels of the law that operated this world were meshed with such precision.
‘In fact, even the nuance of words is a world determined by the law. I can understand why Uorin considers Harbitz dangerous.’
If it is chaos, it will react differently each time.
‘What shall I do now?’
Rangi has arrived.
“I think it would be safe to have you. I spoke frankly.”
Sirone nodded and moved to Miss Yakma and Laura the Elf.
“hello?”
I was thinking of checking the reaction first.
Laura turned her head with an expressionless face.
‘I guess. It must be hypnotized.’
My teeth trembled as I remembered the culprit behind the terror, the horrific murders she had committed.
“Twenty minutes before the competition.”
As soon as the officials spoke, a ghastly murderous feeling spread from Laura before she had time to try anything.
‘damn!’
The psychology of the terrorist was extreme and sensitive enough to trigger eating out just by saying hello.
‘I have to kill!’
When the Wind Cutter was cast, Laura’s throat fell and a fountain of blood gushed out.
“Quaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!”
Participants screamed, and Pony made an absurd expression in an unexpected situation.
“What are you doing right now!”
Sirone examined Laura’s face.
“Ouch!”
At the same time that the hypnosis was lifted, he made a shocked expression, then pulled out his tongue and died.
‘You killed the body. Is this a one-armed monk?’
Mortar Singer, who had already been baptized by Time Vibration, had put insurance on it.
A declaration of war saying, ‘If you kill me, I will kill the hostages. I can’t use my hands like this.’
We have to turn back time.
‘The way to look at the reaction won’t work. Unless you approach it differently… … :
Then the door opened and the guards came in.
“What, what, what is this?”
Jaysteen opened her eyes wide, and Marsha looked at Sirone as if she couldn’t understand.
“… … Did you kill him?”
Sirone made no excuses.
“yes.”
“why?”
How about asking Marsha for help?
‘Not yet.’
Just like the repetition of a second that Hugo or a terrorist suffered, Time Vibration can shake other people’s time as well.
‘That’s resonance.’
But this time alone was good.
‘If Marsha’s sister’s time zone resonates… … .’
Together with Sirone, they are trapped in an endless cycle of time until the desired result is achieved.
‘Ten times? If it’s a hundred times, I’ll endure it.’
But what if 1,000, 10,000 times?
‘Someday I’ll go crazy.’
A life in which an hour repeats itself tens of thousands of times had no ability to endure unless it was an infinite wizard.
“I can’t tell you now.”
While the participants hurriedly covered themselves, the guards grabbed Sirone and dragged her away.
The contest was canceled with 20 minutes remaining.
“say it! What the hell is going on!”
Sitting in the empty audience seats, Sirone counted the time in her head without answering.
‘5 minutes and 39 seconds. 38 seconds. 37 seconds.’
The Star of the Ivory Tower could not be taken away, but the guards still surrounded him.
“I will do it properly from now on.”
Realizing that the time has come, Sirone raised her head.
“What are you doing right?”
Plus 30 minutes to this point.
“See you again, sister.”
At the same time as he finished speaking, the timeline bounced and flowed back towards minus 30 minutes.
“cadet! Shit!”
The shaking of the timeline made her head thump, but Sirone didn’t collapse anymore.
‘Entrance to the venue.’
It was 30 minutes before the terrorist attack.
‘The one-armed monk will be near the waiting room. As soon as the terrorist dies, the hostage is killed.’
If it was at a level that could not be detected even by Yahweh’s realm, it would have been an ability close to nothing.
‘Therefore, if the terrorist is not killed, there is a possibility that even a one-armed monk will not receive information from the outside.’
Sirone ran to the waiting room.
‘The line between a terrorist and Miss Yakma. If you can cut exactly that point, you can save the hostage.’
Having made that decision, Sirone opened the door and the participants set off paper firecrackers.
“surprise!”
Ignoring everyone else, Sirone rushed inside and hung the wind cutter on the lower part of Laura’s neck.
“Ouch!”
The terrorist died instantly, followed by the death of Laura.
‘It takes 1.43 seconds to figure out.’
That was enough time.
“Quaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!”
At the sound of women’s screams, the guards rushed in and Sirone sat down in an empty audience seat.
“say it! What the hell is going on!”
Sirone looked up at Marsha and said.
“See you again, sister.”
3rd car.
“surprise!”
Again, the terrorist is dead.
‘No one should die.’
The plus or minus 0.3 cm that Sirone can capture, you have to divide the boundary line exactly within it.
17th Tea.
“surprise!”
Blood gushed from the killer’s neck like a fountain.
The 68th Tea.
“Surf… … .”
After a surprise greeting that was no longer surprising, Sirone activated the wind cutter.
‘It passed.’
If until now the dead were the terrorists, this time Miss Yakma was decapitated.
‘There’s a boundary between me.’
It was impossible to see with the naked eye, but if you go into brown rice, there must be gaps larger than atoms.
Marsha always said the same thing.
“say it! What the hell is going on!”
“… … .”
Time flowed backwards without an answer.
287th Tea.
Sirone’s mind, which had been decapitated for approximately 287 hours, was in a hazy state.
‘I found 0.6 cm, but it’s too difficult to accurately cut between them.’
Just as there are 1,000 0.0001 cm in 0.1 cm, as long as you don’t know the scale, your attempts will continue.
“Twenty minutes before the competition.”
The terrorist’s life was felt, and the participants changed their clothes and started throwing jokes.
“How are you? Seeing it, there’s nothing special, right? Still, since I had a good time, should I keep watching until the end of the tournament?”
The scene that I had already seen dozens of times over and over again for an hour did not convey any inspiration anymore.
“Laura.”
When Sirone held out her hand and spoke to her, a fleshy feeling rose from Laura’s body.
‘Wind cutter.’
Although the body and face were identical and separate, they were completely indistinguishable from the naked eye.
“found.”
The accuracy was 0.3736 cm.
‘The hostage is not dead.’
Hyega didn’t feel anything, and Mortar Singer’s body floundered as if embarrassed.
‘I can’t stop this time anyway.’
At the same time the terrorist destroys Laura’s face, the wind cutter will peck at her torso.
Marsha shouted from the empty audience.
“say it! What the hell is going on!”
“sister.”
The regression occurred, and for the first time, Sirone resonated her timeline with his own.
“let’s go together.”
288th Tea.
As soon as the door to the waiting room was opened, Sirone rushed in and separated Laura and the terrorist by the neck.
‘If you know the boundaries… … .”
The location of the hidden piece can be moved.
“Now!”
Mortasinger’s face covered in cloth returned, and Hyega appeared in the hallway.
‘how?’
Shock flickered in Hye-ga’s eyes.
‘Oops! Hostages!’
Realizing it belatedly, he heard the capital, but Marsha snatched Laura faster than that.
“I don’t know what it is… … .”
The more I listened to Sirone’s explanation, the more difficult it was, but it was clear that he had returned an hour.
“Hide and seek is over!”
Sliding next to Hye-ga, she twisted her waist and inserted the dagger of her virtuoso into her back.
“Keugh!”
I didn’t feel any pain.
“Eating out?”
The smoke of desire was escaping from Hye-ga’s back at a rate of 1 percent per minute.
“don’t worry. Because we can fight for 100 minutes.”
Being clear about each other’s location is a disadvantage of the dagger of the Parryun, but this time it worked as an advantage.
“Marsha, what’s going on?”
Freeman, who came belatedly into the building, protected Marsha with agile movements.
‘I really don’t know.’
Martha had experienced it once, but Freeman was puzzled by the sudden situation.
‘You’re getting closer to God, Sirone.’
If regression is possible, it would have been better if he had spoken in the first round.
‘It’s my wish to hit this guy’s face properly.’
Looking at Hyega’s movements, Marsha said.
“There is one more person outside. Take a hostage and stop him. No one should die.”
Being trapped in endless time was a specification.
“Did you say 100 minutes?”
When Hye-ga lifted the sword, the air she touched crystallized into adamantine and shimmered like a sword.
“go.”
The gunner’s movement was like the wind.
“You won’t last even 100 seconds.”
As Hyega set up the capital and ran, Marsha put her hand on the tattoo on her body.
“The dagger of immorality.”
A dagger was in her hand.
“How dare you interfere with my work!”
Hit by Sirone’s photon cannon, Mortar Singer pierced the wall and flew into the sky.
‘How the hell did you find out?’
Even if it was unavoidable to let go of life, it was impossible to accurately determine the boundary of the neck.
“Hidden Peace!”
He tried to pressurize him by invoking Eating Rules, but it didn’t work for Sirone, who had already dealt with dozens of times.
“I mean stop!”
Tied to her with a shining chain, Sirone plummeted toward the mountain visible from the ground.
“Quaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!”
To this extent, the Eternals do not die.
“What on earth do you not like!”
The attack stopped only after he continued to beat her left and right until she was exhausted.
“Turn it off.”
She couldn’t move a single finger, but Sirone didn’t break the spell.
“done. If you show your face, the eating out will disappear, right?”
Mortasinger shuddered.
“Please, please just kill me! You don’t want to see such an ugly face!”
“shut up! I know what you did!”
If he hadn’t turned back time, he would have killed everyone in the arena.
“What do you know about me? Pretty things, it’s okay to die. No, I will kill them all!”
Sirone was heartbroken.
“No matter how ugly you are, if you don’t love yourself… … .”
She screamed as the cloth covering Mortasinger’s face was violently ripped off.
“No eh eh eh!”
“what?”
The woman’s face, with her eyes tightly closed, was as smooth as a pearl without a single scar.
“Please don’t look. Cover your face.”
Sirone did not think that human beauty could be measured by numbers.
But what is clear is that Mortar Singer, who shed tears even if he asked 100 people, would be called beautiful.
“Are you pretty?”
Even participating in a beauty pageant was enough.
“Don’t lie! What is this pretty? Where in the world is there an ugly person like me!”
I was a little annoyed.
“It’s not like that, it’s really pretty!”
Mortasinger did not listen.
“Why are my eyes so torn? Why can’t my nose be sharper? Look at my lips, these blurry lips.”
“iced coffee.”
Sirone realized.
‘Eating out.’
Mortasinger is beautiful, but his heart is so twisted that even he looks ugly.
“My dirty, ugly, disgusting face!”
It is the incarnation of a complex.
—————————————

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-799.txt
=============YYYYY=============
[799] Complex (4)
“Kill.”
Mortasinger was sincere.
“I am tired of living with such an ugly face. You can do anything, so kill me in the end.”
It was an ability that was manifested because it was a complex bigger than death and pain.
“I will not kill you.”
Mortasinger made a puzzled expression.
“I know that the biggest problem is the heart. If it can be changed easily, no one will suffer. but… … .”
She is definitely a beautiful person.
“It is not that there is no way. I can help you love yourself.”
Mortasinger’s reaction was cold.
“You don’t know. Because it is beautiful. You’ve never lived with an ugly face like me.”
“You are not ugly either.”
“lie.”
Sirone made a mirror out of material and reflected it.
“Come on, look at your face.”
“Kyaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!”
As Mortasinger turned his head in panic, Sirone pressed harder.
“Look! this is you! What on earth is this ugly thing about?”
“Get it away! Why do you keep torturing me!”
If catharsis had only occurred to this extent, he would not have committed a brutal terror.
“If you can’t admit it, trust others. I think you are beautiful.”
“lie! You pity me!”
“It’s not a lie. It’s okay to risk your life.”
Mortasinger suddenly widened his eyes.
“Then die. die in front of me Then I will believe you.”
“okay.”
After releasing the Shining Chain, Sirone took Mortar Singer’s hand and brought it to her neck.
“I cannot commit suicide. So kill me.”
Sirone, who included himself as the object of fraternity, cannot strangle himself.
For him, suicide is the same weight as killing all life in the world.
“joy! do you know you can’t Even if the ability is gone, it’s like breaking your neck… … !”
The leader of the Tenro Society is strong, and her gripe has been terrifyingly suffocating Sirone.
Sirone closed her eyes and quietly waited for death.
There was no particular thought that she would change her mind or realize something through this act.
‘Just believing.’
that human beings are capable of making choices.
‘No matter how dirty your heart is… … .’
Even if it’s a demon.
‘There is no such thing as an irreversible mind.’
That was the only hope that Parrae dreamed of in the world of emptiness that Buddha realized in the confrontation between good and evil.
Mortasinger’s arms trembled.
‘why? Why so far… … .’
It felt like a ray of light was seeping into my perfectly twisted mind.
“Really I… … .”
Mortasinger slowly withdrew his hand.
“Pretty?”
* * *
Whenever Hyega moved, adamantine crystallized in the air and formed the Milky Way.
‘I can’t breathe!’
By law, matter is converted into energy, but if you inhale it before that, your lungs will be damaged.
“There are quite a few ways to escape.”
Missing the dagger, Marsha stepped back and said.
“Has 100 seconds already passed?”
Hye-ga, who responded with a snort, rushed forward, covering her body with diamonds, and Marsha opened her arms.
“It’s okay to kill me.”
The ‘extortion’ of eating out has already disappeared with catharsis by Sirone, but her determination is not different from that time.
As the sharp capital stabbed in, Marsha twisted and hugged Hyega from behind.
‘Let’s see who dies.’
As soon as he took out a new dagger from the inside of his thigh, he hacked at Hye-ga’s body at random.
As the number of sheaths increased to 12, the gas of desire at a rate of 12% per minute began to leak out.
“Are you ready to die!”
While avoiding Hyega’s attack at close range, he did not stop the sheathing action.
‘Even if I step back, I will die.’
Hye-ga was also realizing it now.
‘I catch it first!’
He drove Marsha into the wall with his excellent martial arts and stabbed Marsha in the abdomen.
“Ouch!”
At the same time, Hye-ga’s desire was exposed and she lost her free will.
“Uh, why… … ?”
I definitely felt the water stabbing my stomach.
“It’s a shame.”
Marsha, who tucked her belly in, lifted the hem of her dress and showed off her belly button as if she were proud of her ant waist.
“A cowardly trick… … .”
“cowardice?”
When Marsa shoved her shoulder, the exhausted Hyega fell backwards.
“Do you think it’s easy to maintain this body at 30?”
“… … .”
Marsha, who was looking at Hye-ga, who couldn’t even speak, turned her head toward the doorway.
“Are you still not done? get out of here.”
As Bodhidharma soared several tens of meters high, performing a burial, huge palm prints were stamped on the ground.
“damn! That goddamn bastard!”
The steel strength and wind pressure alone were enough to lift the body, and there seemed to be no way to drop it other than interception.
“I will try.”
When Seik, a member of the clan, bent his lower body, the tattoo of Ho (虎) on his right thigh was awakened.
“Qualifications of the Fierce Tiger.”
As they kicked towards the sky, the wild cries of beasts burst from the air.
Aaaaaang!
The shock wave, which bypassed the space greatly, exploded in close proximity of Bodhidharma, causing turbulence.
‘Keugh!’
Tiger’s ability side attack can superimpose dozens of rotation vectors on the shockwave.
“The Diamond Sutra.”
When Bodhidharma reached out with both hands to the ground, it made a popping sound and soared higher and higher.
“Pungryu, great power rachal.”
He put his palms together and stretched out his hands like a knife, and the air compressed with iron strength shot out like a spear.
Aaaaaang!
An explosion erupted as the two techniques interlocked in the middle.
“hey! Why so noisy! What are you guys doing?”
Marsha, who dragged Hyega by the back of her head, pointed at Freeman and shouted.
“wait. I got almost all of them.”
The moment when Freeman, who had reloaded the magic bullet, aimed at Bodhidharma and was about to pull the trigger.
“huh?”
As the setting sun sets on the mountain ridge, a purple glow arose for a brief moment.
“Mrs. Mortasinger.”
* * *
“Of course she is pretty.”
Sirone smiled and nodded.
“I’m serious. never lie.”
“I… … Are you pretty?”
I still can’t believe it, but it was the first time someone risked their lives to guarantee it.
“come with me. I know someone who can help you believe my words.”
Miro and Arius could save her by diving into Mortasinger’s Hell.
“Can you forgive me?”
Yahweh does not discriminate against the penitent.
“Nothing has happened yet. You will fight with us from now on.”
Wei Ying.
‘Really?’
A fly came into the forest.
‘Really in this hell… … .’
Mortar Singer, who was about to grab Sirone’s outstretched hand, withdrew his arm and shrank.
“no! I can’t forgive you! This is a trap!”
The moment Sirone’s lips opened, the world froze in a gray light and everything stopped.
“Aaaaaaaaa.”
A choir was heard from the sky to a grand dirge.
“Who, who are you?”
Before I knew it, 12 people all dressed in black were standing in a circle around Mortasinger.
“Time prison.”
Time without law – 0.666 seconds of every second.
“Greeting him.”
As Siok turned in one direction, the achromatic world peeled away, revealing a huge lake of lava.
“Your suspicion is justified, my child.”
The center of the huge lava lake bulged out, revealing a figure covered in blood.
Atrocities – Satan.
It was a burning voice.
“Yahweh is deceiving you. He only I can give you what you want.”
Invoking the prison from outside the psychic realm is an abortion, but God is currently absent in this world.
“what I want?”
“Look, my child.”
A red-glazed mirror rose from Satan’s side, reflecting Mortasinger.
“ah… … Ahhh… … .”
A mirror reflecting the heart.
The image in the mirror was terrifying, but to Mortasinger it was the most beautiful form in the world.
“This is exactly what I wanted!”
“I can give it to you. worship me To be the most beautiful woman in the world.”
It was a much sweeter proposal than Sirone.
“I will follow. Please give me that beauty!”
The chorus of funeral songs grew louder.
“… … The contract has been established.”
Mortar Singer was also submerged as if he had fallen into a swamp along with the 12 Siok that seeped into the ground.
“no.”
Suddenly coming to her senses, she shouted.
‘no! That’s not me!’
Realizing the evil inside reflected in the mirror, he struggled, but the contract with Satan could not be reversed.
“Save me, Sirone! Save me!”
He eagerly stretched out his hand, but the distance from Sirone’s outstretched hand grew farther and farther.
“Ha ha ha! I’m taking it away, Yahweh! You will get everyone you love!”
In a time not according to the law, Satan poured mockery into Sirone’s ear.
“As long as there is no Buddha, the world is mine. Hateful Yahweh, struggle in pain for the rest of your life.”
Mortasinger’s face sank into the ground.
“Sirone… … .”
When the prison was completely gone, Satan, who took the form of a human, was also dipped in the fire of hell.
As the infernal landscape finally closed, a huge purple glow spread for a split second.
It was 0.666 seconds.
“huh?”
As Mortar Singer disappeared in front of her eyes, Sirone narrowed her eyes and stood up.
“What happened?”
kidnap?
‘No, it’s not like that. Even if the speed cannot be seen with the eyes, it must remain in the mind.’
It is impossible without time stopping.
‘But how? Even if it’s a stop magic, it can’t affect things.’
Sirone’s eyes widened.
“Satan.”
Only beings outside the law can deceive Yahweh.
‘Does the fact that apostasy is possible mean that atrocities are the same?’
The momentary doubt that sprouted in Mortasinger’s heart was dug into and dragged into hell.
“I have to tell Zion.”
Sirone, who flew up with fly magic, quickly returned to the arena.
The battle was in a lull, and Bodhidharma and Marsha, who supported Hyega, ran at the same time.
“Sirone! What happened?”
“Who is Mortasinger?”
Sirone looked back at Bodhidharma and reported the situation.
“Did you go to hell?”
“I think the demons changed their methods after Terraforce tolerated the apostasy. He will not be able to get out on his own.”
“Hmm.”
Bodhidharma exchanged glances with Hyega.
“Anyway, our leader. The Eternal community will go to Zion. If it is there, you will find a way.”
“I am of the same opinion. However, I cannot guarantee that they will accept you.”
That’s what he said, but Miro will accept it.
‘Because it’s polar.’
After looking around, Sirone realized that there were no fatalities and canceled the time vibration.
“Are you done with this? It was fun.”
Marsha was disappointed, but Sirone, who had already experienced the same thing hundreds of times, hated it.
‘What happened in Satan’s time cannot be intervened.’
Perhaps, even if we went back to a time that did not exist in the law, Mortasinger would not exist in reality.
“Sirone! Where have you been? I thought you were afraid to die!”
Beauty pageant contestants approached.
“The terrorist was caught. From now on, you can play the competition with peace of mind.”
Rangi asked, turning bright.
“really? Are you really caught?”
Before Sirone could answer, she hugged her neck and jumped around.
“Hurray! Liberation at last!”
Not to be outdone, the other contestants hugged.
“thank you. But what if I’m sorry? If I had been in the waiting room, I could have had a good look.”
“No, that’s all right.”
Seriously, it was a specification.
(end of volume 32)
—————————————

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-8.txt
=============YYYYY=============
Please enable JavaScript
The following day.
Shirone, with a tired face, went to work in the library. He couldn’t sleep a wink due to what happened yesterday.
Due to having a lot on his mind, he couldn’t speed up his work.
‘Let’s calm down.’
After struggling to calm himself down, Shirone was eventually able to regain his composure.
‘I’m not dying now. I still have a month. I’ll be able to figure something out.’
First of all, background check.
According to the information he gathered, Lord Bischoff had three sons and one daughter.
The eldest son was a certified Grade 6 swordsman. The second son was also a genius swordsman who followed in his brother’s footsteps.
The eldest daughter was also talented, but she chose music over swords and was working as a royal pianist.
And after figuring out all that, he noticed Rian was the only one who failed to stand out in the end.
The Lord even provided him an exclusive teacher, but the reports claimed he was not talented.
“Haah, I shouldn’t have done that. I should have just accepted the hits when he was adamant on beating me.”
It was natural that Rian, who had been compared to his brother all his life, was angry at the Thunder Strike.
It seemed that not all nobles were born to excel.
“Now what? I’m in big trouble.”
Agitated again, Shirone stared blankly at the real sword, which had been left unattended under the desk.
“I don’t have time for this.”
Shirone jumped up and headed for the study.
‘Whether I fight or not, it’s always better to be prepared!’
Since he lived in the mountains, Shirone was confident in his stamina and level of fitness, so if he were to learn self-defense, he would be able to at least save his life.
After putting aside the history books for the time being, he collected all the books related to swordsmanship.
While there were technical books like the Sword Textbook, there were philosophical books such as What is Sword? and Only Humans Are Afraid of the Sword.
Practical books such as Let’s Win With Bluff and The Stronger Individual Is the Survivor were also seen.
Shirone opened a book with the simple and clear title of Swordsmanship.
It was a book that contained the history of swordsmanship as well as overall knowledge about it.
It was also an interesting book in the eyes of the aspiring mage, Shirone.
If mages had the Spirit Zone, swordsmen had something called the Schema.
Schema was both an imaginary body and a schematic of the human body.
Every human had their own body image, and the Schema was an extreme embodiment of it.
Masters of Schema would say that they could fully understand their body and be involved in how their cells moved as well as how their nerves sent signals.
Shirone put down the book and slapped his knee.
“It’s nearly identical to Spirit Zone.”
A mage would erase their existence and assimilate with the world, but a swordsman did the opposite and further dug into themselves.
Shirone attempted Schema.
Feeling an imaginary self while maintaining the senses just before entering the Spirit Zone.
‘As expected, it’s not too difficult yet.’
However, the imaginary body was dark as a shadow and could not be felt.
‘If I were to remove this dark curtain, it would become Schema. It’s truly incredible.’
Shirone picked up the book again.
It was written that the method of mastering Schema varied widely from family to family and that prioritizing specific parts to strengthen it depended on the method.
While there were families that unlocked Schema to simply develop the mind, there were also families that drove the body to the limit.
Some families focused on muscle strength, some speed, and some used Schema to strengthen nerves.
‘Come to think of it…’
Shirone recalled the red-haired girl from the alley three years ago.
At that time, the situation was hectic, but when he thought about it back at home, her movements were not something a normal human could do.
‘She unlocked Schema. She was about the same age as me… What great talent.’
Shirone closed the book and ruminated.
Rian couldn’t have mastered Schema anyways, but Shirone wanted to try doing so, even if there was a barrier.
‘Schema is not exactly swordsmanship. Just like how Spirit Zone is not exactly magic.’
Just like how knowledge was significant to a mage, a strong body was essential for a swordsman.
‘If one’s body is not supported, the width of reinforcement is extremely narrow. I already have the Spirit Zone, so it would be faster to find a solution to swordsmanship rather than trying to accommodate two completely different concepts!’
It was a strategy to learn some useful swordsmanship with the Spirit Zone as the base.
“Good.”
Shirone opened a beginner’s textbook in swordsmanship.
Knowing that his life was on the line, Shirone’s concentration was at its highest ever despite having to suddenly study swordsmanship, a subject he previously did not have much interest in.
“ARGH! ARGH!”
Dust rose in the Great Training Grounds. Rian’s legs were the culprit.
His heart was about to burst. No oxygen was being inhaled, so the chyme in his stomach flowed back up.
“Blaaargh! Blaaargh!”
His lunch came out, but Rian did not falter and continued to run.
“100 laps! Pass!”
The swordsman, Kite, shouted. Rian looked different today, and as his instructor, he couldn’t have been any more proud.
“New record! But what happened to you? Why just start to flow with the training now?”
“Damn it! You call this training?”
“What did you say, you punk?”
Kite looked at him with slit-eyes.
He complimented him for the first time in a while, but old habits die hard. All Rian did was complain and grumble.
But today’s whining was different.
“I’m still standing on my two legs! Master, is there anything harder?”
“Oho?”
Kite was quite surprised.
‘It’s been a while since he’s shown such zeal.’
It was the first time in two years since he knelt before the genius of Rai Ogent.
“You. Something happened, right?”
With his hands on his knees, Rian raised his sweating head.
“…There’s nothing like that.”
Kite did not believe him.
With the eyes of his disciple staring ahead in such a frightening way, Kite knew something was definitely bothering him.
‘Is it Rai again?’
No matter how much he thought about it, the only person who could make Rian this way was the second son of the family.
Did Rai accomplish something again? But what? Didn’t Rai already unlock his Schema?
It didn’t matter. His disciple was Rian, not Rai. And currently, he was bearing his neck, allowing him to push Rian to his heart’s content.
“Good! Let’s go hard today! Even if you were to die, I want you to know that I won’t be responsible for it!”
“Bring it on!”
[Translator – Anwen]
[Proofreader – Enigami]
Come and read on our website wuxia worldsite. Thanks
Rian swung an iron bar twice as heavy as a longsword.
There was no limit on the number of times he had to swing, for if you couldn’t realize Schema with your insight, then the only way was to push your body to its limits.
“Ha! Ha! Ha!”
Kite watched his student repeatedly cut vertically with satisfaction.
But not long afterwards, his expression hardened.
At last he realized and ran towards Rian with his eyes wide.
“You crazy! Stop it! You’ll burst your muscles!”
“They haven’t burst yet!”
Kite stopped himself.
Tears were flowing down from Rian’s eyes as he clenched his teeth and continued to swing the iron bar.
“Damn it! Why aren’t my muscles exploding! Why can’t I break my arm? I can do more! This isn’t the end! I’m not done yet!”
Tears welled up in Kite’s eyes.
He was a teacher who was as upset as his student.
‘How come it’s not working? He’s pushed his body to the limits… So why can’t he open Schema?’
Kite wiped away the tears with his thick arms.
This shouldn’t be the case. What would become of Rian if even his own teacher were to doubt him?
Kite intercepted Rian’s iron bar.
This time, Rian did not protest and stopped moving because his teacher had stopped him with his own hand.
“Rian, that’s enough. Let’s call it a day.”
Rian’s madness disappeared with that warm voice, and with that, his arms gave out, and without even knowing that the bar had fallen to the ground, Rian replied with his head down.
“Okay. Thank you.”
Kite wrapped an ice towel around Rian’s shoulders. Seeing that the bones were not damaged, he was surprised at the sturdiness of Rian’s bones.
Sitting on the hill of the training grounds, Rian was staring at the distant mountain with a fierce expression.
“What are you thinking about?”
“That my arms are killing me.”
There was a small smile on Kite’s face.
“Rian, I’ve never written about your talent in a report.”
“Tsk, did I ask?”
“But I think you’re talented. Achieving something quickly is not the only indicator of talent. Reaching for the unachievable is a talent as well.”
“You don’t have to comfort me. It’s only those words that are sweet. Frankly speaking, I’m only working this hard because I’m not talented.”
“Is it really though? A genius knows that they’re a genius, so they are clearly aware of what they can do. Have you ever thought of that?”
“Well, I do know what I can’t do.”
“Yes. That’s why you’re not a genius.”
Rian looked back at Kite with a ridiculous look.
He was adding fuel to the fire. He was a teacher who made both his arms and heart hurt.
“Stop it. I already know that.”
Looking at his pouting student, Kite smiled.
“But Rian, do you know what a genius is afraid of? They’re afraid of effort. Geniuses work hard, but their level of effort is different from normal people. They may experience setbacks and pain, but there exists no doubt as they only do what they can. So effort is a powerful weapon for those who aren’t geniuses. You’re trying because you’re not talented? Don’t even start with that. While talent guarantees you something, effort can grant you something talent can’t. And that thing is will.”
Kite grabbed Rian by the shoulder and squeezed.
“You have the will to challenge the nigh-insurmountable. That will is something not everyone has. Simply put, will power is the natural enemy of a genius.”
Rian liked that. It didn’t matter to him if they were just words of comfort.
Yeah, he didn’t have talent, but he knew that despite the fact he wasn’t born with a road to success, he could pave it himself.
‘I’ll definitely win.’
He was determined to put everything he had into training.
Shirone knew clearly what he could and couldn’t do.
And due to that, he began to study swordsmanship without hesitation when he realized the concept of Schema.
Selection and concentration.
Talent efficiently designs the shortest distance to a destination through these two.
Shirone set aside all the miscellaneous techniques and dug into the basics of swordsmanship.
A month passed.
During that time, Shirone trained in only two things: the eight ways of cutting and the eight ways of blocking.
‘This is my best!’
Satisfied with his performance, Shirone finished his training.
And finally, he asked a question that would show what he had learned over the past month.
“What is swordsmanship?”
While It was a sport that was made with the purpose of taking lives, it was also a sport that required high-levels of wits and intelligence in order to come out alive.
Shirone aimed the sword forward.
He learned from the books that the enemy could move in every way imaginable, but he knew that was not the truth.
‘The sword that comes in to cut me is real. So there are eight places I need to block!’
He responded with his imagination.
Eight blades that overpowered eight defenses turned to hundreds as one addition was made.
“Urk!”
It wasn’t possible to calculate all the ways a sword could move.
‘I’m not counting numbers. I’m feeling as a whole.’
Just like how you couldn’t see the whole forest when staring at a single tree, Shirone needed to focus not only on the individual aspects of what he learned, but to look at them as a whole.
That was insight.
But it was easier said than done.
As various patterns spread out like fractals, he kept focusing on a specific spot.
‘It’s okay if I don’t make it. Let’s observe for now. I’m just fixing errors right now!’
Free from tension, Shirone completely let go of his thoughts at some point as he delved into his mind.
Then the whole thing was visible and all kinds of possibilities began to appear at once.
‘What?’
Shirone’s eyes were filled with astonishment.
‘There’s no end to it.’
His sword and Rian’s were filling up the scenery around him.
Shirone, who dropped the sword, stumbled backward.
‘Haa.’
Swords, too, were infinite. Shirone saw the infinity of their swords.
‘I see the swordsmen chose this kind path!’
Shirone chose the infinite path of magic, so being able to relate swordsmanship to that made him feel good.
‘Mom, Dad, I’m sorry. I might not be able to go back!’
He had no regrets.
And the same was true for Rian.
Despite his life being on the line, Shirone was happy that he was able to see such a wonderful side of the world.
Ding Ding Ding…
The bell rang signaling eleven o’clock.
Rian, who wanted to have what he couldn’t have, did what he could.
The clash between the two boys in stark contrast to each other was now just an hour away.

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-80.txt
=============YYYYY=============
Please enable JavaScript
[80] Unwelcome Guest of Darkness (4)
“damn! Are you late?”
Sade, who had been riding a carriage all night, used space travel as soon as she entered Creas and arrived at the front door. As expected, the guards just stood there, not showing any reaction.
It was dark magic.
It is also of a very high level.
‘I have to find Master first.’
Sad turned to the teachers’ quarters. But before he had even taken ten steps, he heard a roar from the sky that was characteristic of space travel.
At the same time as Sade, alerted, entered the Spirit Zone, Etela descended on the light.
“Teacher Ethella! How are things?”
When Saad, who had just returned from a business trip, asked a question as if he knew what had happened at the school, Ethella was puzzled. However, he was fighting for time, so he went straight to the point.
“I think I was struck by dark magic. All the students and teachers lost their memories.”
I expected it, but when it came to reality, THAAD was staggering. No matter how crazy he is, he raided Alpheas Magic School, one of the five most prestigious schools in the kingdom.
“There is no time. Please tell me the situation first.”
“When I searched through the Spirit Zone, all the students were climbing the mountain. Looking at the direction, it seems to be the bridge you can’t cross. There are 3 leaders and 3 people tailing them. Among teachers… … I guess I was the only one who barely got out.”
Arcane’s dark magic has risen to the ranks of the archmage, but since Etella is also the bishop of the Karsis Monastery, she would not have been able to control her mind. She explained what Sade knew, thinking that she was lucky.
“I will tell you quickly. The person who did this was Viltor Arcane. This is the great wizard who disturbed the world 40 years ago.”
“I have heard of it. Why would such a person go to magic school… … ?”
Sade bit her lip. He was in the bad personal history of his mentor, Alfeas. However, the only person she could rely on now was Etella, and if she was her own person, she would accept her without prejudice.
“Viltor Arcane is the principal’s teacher.”
Ethella blinked. However, as THAAD expected, he did not imagine more than what he had heard.
“okay. But I don’t think there are any Arcanes among those taking the students. I don’t know what’s going on, but it’s better to save the students first.”
“It’s not possible. As Miss Etella must have felt, it’s not easy to get rid of mental magic. If you try to save her students one by one, you’ll end up backfired.”
“You can’t just leave it alone.”
“They said there were three people tailing them. Can you guess who it is?”
“I couldn’t be sure, but… … Maybe it could be Sirone.”
“Is it Shiro?”
The moment I heard Etella’s words, I immediately thought of Sade. The point at which Arcane’s magic was cast would be around 24 hours. The only students who could be out of school during that time were the suspended Sirone and the others.
“I’m not sure because I haven’t checked the appearance. But in terms of temperament, they were like Sirone, Nade, and Iruki.”
“Perhaps it is. Those kids will be fine for a while. They’re smart kids, so they’ll know what to do. Rather, leave it to the children and Mr. Etella, please find Arcane.”
“What are you going to do, Mr. Sade?”
“I will find the principal. The priority is to find Master and remove the dark magic.”
Ethella nodded in agreement.
“all right. Then I will find Arcane.”
Sade looked back at the ridge. The land of the magic school was so large that I had no idea where Arcane was.
“Hundreds of people were hit simultaneously. A magic of this magnitude would have exhausted his mental power considerably. It’s most likely hiding in an uninhabited place. It will be quicker to search around the mountain. What is the radius of the spirit zone when expanded in zoner mode?”
“Well, about two kilometers in diameter.”
THAAD, who calculated the estimate, nodded.
“At least five points and you’ll be fine. Please patrol based on the training ground. I will go to school.”
“yes. I will capture Arcane and save the students.”
“Don’t push yourself too hard. Arcane is… … .”
Sade swallowed. Even if she says her opponent is strong, she will only burn her sense of duty. Who else would you trust if you didn’t trust Jonah, the Bishop of the Order of Carsis and recognized by the state?
“no. please.”
Sade, feeling the responsibility as a disciple of Alpheas, bowed his head in place of his master. Then Ethella shook her head with a shy smile.
“I don’t know what it is, but I am also a teacher at this school. I will do my best for my students.”
“yes. then… … .”
From now on, it was a race against time.
As Sade teleported and flew towards the school, Etela took a deep breath and concentrated.
As the sequence of events went up at super-high speed, the spirit zone expanded. As Jonner’s unique expanse unfolded, everything within a two kilometer radius was felt through synesthesia.
‘First, to the 26th training ground.’
Etela’s body turned into light and flew to the top of the mountain. It was she who covered one kilometer in one space movement.
Wizard’s Battle (1)
Canis and the others gathered the memory-blocked people at the starting point of the bridge they couldn’t cross.
After completing the mission, Arin’s face was pale. Even if she was affected by Abyss Nova, moving hundreds of humans to mind control was an enormous amount of hard work.
Nade, who was watching Canis and the others in the bush, said.
“Why are you here? It’s just a bridge and a cliff.”
“I don’t know. Aren’t you waiting for someone?”
Iruki said, pointing his fingers one by one.
“Cliffs, mind control, scoundrels. If you look at these three factors alone, the answer is obvious. I’m thinking of dropping you off a cliff.”
“What? Why are you doing such crazy things?”
“Logically, it makes no sense. There’s nothing to be gained by dropping the student. But what about emotional issues? Something like resentment or revenge.”
Sirone thought it made sense. Also, if he really did, he wasn’t good at waiting like this.
“We have to step in before that happens. Maybe we should fight.”
Nothing happened for 10 minutes. The students and teachers stood in a state of mind control, while Canis and Arin looked out over the cliff and waited for their master.
“Are you really okay, Canis? You searched all over the school, but you couldn’t bring Alfeas, right?”
“I can’t help it. Master also told you to be especially careful when you meet Alfeas. We just have to do what we can.”
“still… … I think I’m going to get scolded somehow.”
Kanis looked back at Arin with a displeased face.
“scale. Master is a good person. Don’t worry, I’ll never scold you for something like this.”
Lucas, who had been listening to the conversation between the two, began to get annoyed. Although he came as a large sum of money, he did not know that he would commit terrorism against the entire magic school.
Considering the difficulty of the mission, the advance payment was small. Besides, Arcane had not yet appeared even though it was well past the appointed time.
“hey. When the hell is your master coming? Could it be that he ran away?”
It was an incident that raided the five most prestigious families in the kingdom. Considering that most of the students were first-class nobles, even if this incident ended safely, the aftermath would be enormous. Even the archmage couldn’t rule out the possibility that he might have run away in fear.
“Don’t judge Master carelessly. Because you’re not the kind of person to talk about it.”
“ha. I’m so dumbfounded.”
Lucas scratched his head angrily. Then he suddenly raised his head and glared at Canis with viper eyes he hadn’t seen before.
“You, do I look so easy?”
Arin, who has excellent emotional sensitivity, hurriedly retreated as the hostility beyond the normal level surged. On the other hand, Kanis had a calm expression. If it was this look, he had suffered countless times in Radum.
‘Is it the evil eye?’
It paralyzes the central nervous system by hitting the diencephalon with the gaze, and it was one of the schema skills that are expressed through actual combat experience and innate tendencies rather than training. Just by looking at the way he used Sarn, he could guess what kind of life Lucas lived.
“It’s over when you look at me as a child. You’d better be careful with your words from now on. He said something about the contract, but isn’t it on your side that the work is delayed?”
Canis couldn’t even refute this time. Why is Master not coming? It was obviously strange that he, who had been waiting for this day more than anyone else, would be late.
As Canis remained silent and reaped his fighting spirit, Lucas also solved the case. Anyway, it was still one team, and more than anything else, there was still work to be paid.
‘I wasn’t following you from the beginning.’
Lucas looked back at those affected by Abyss Nova. Their metabolism is normal, so there is not much time left for them to stand still. It will be more complicated to deal with if stamina starts to go down first.
“Hey, why don’t you just kill it now? Even if you faint, it’ll be difficult. You can’t even throw them away.”
Lucas was hired as a professional swordsman. A mage was good for reaping the lives of many, but there was nothing better than a swordsman to slit the throats of survivors one by one. In the end, when his stamina was depleted, it all belonged to Lucas, so he was thinking of reducing the number in advance.
“Not until Master comes. The core of the operation is to annihilate them in front of Alpheas.”
“Sheesh, then let’s have some fun. After a while, everything will fall off the cliff anyway.”
Canis glared at him as if he was disgusted, but there was no reason to stop him in the current situation. A native of Radum, he knows how dangerous a man like Lucas can be. In the end, Lucas will have to do what he wants. He shuddered at it.
“A piece of trash.”
Lucas’ steps stopped abruptly. He should have killed Kanis in the first matter. Because the human brain adapts to shock, repeating the subject to the same subject was less effective.
“Keuk, do you know why I hate you? You pretend to have some great beliefs. You and I are just criminals. After today, you too will become a murderer who has exterminated hundreds of people.”
“I don’t keep my beliefs because I want to be great. I just hate people like you.”
“haha? okay? You know what’s really disgusting? They’re weak and talkative. What if you are disgusted?”
Lucas turned around and grabbed Shiina by the neck. Her face contorted, she lifted her body with one hand and took her stride to the precipice of the impassable bridge.
“Once you kill one person, you’ll find out. That you are trash just like me.”
Lucas held out his arms, and Shiina’s legs swayed off the cliff. A groaning noise erupted from his mouth.
“This woman is fine too. It’s a waste to kill her, but… … .”
Lucas relaxed his hands and dropped Shiina. At the same time, sparks flew in his eyes. Feels like fluff. It was a stimulus unique to the Spirit Zone that only schema users could feel.
‘Where is it?’
A sensitive nervous system picked up the focus of the Spirit Zone. As he soared into the air, there was a pop and explosion where his right knee had been. Had he been hit squarely, his bones would have been broken.
As soon as he landed, Lucas did a somersault and stepped back. Even if you couldn’t guess the radius of the spirit zone, keeping the distance as much as possible was the standard before the Archmage.
—————————————

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-800.txt
=============YYYYY=============
law murder
“The winner of the world beauty pageant!”
As news spread that the terrorist had been caught, the event was held again with great success.
“Miss Arachne! Barho Rangi!”
The crowd that almost filled the audience stood up and applauded, and Rangi shed tears of joy.
“Thank you thank you!”
She had seen all the bitterness in the world until she came to this place, so the tears now were sincere.
“Congratulations, Rangi.”
It was an honor for Sirone that Pony, the representative of Tormia, took second place.
‘That’s great, Pony.’
Having achieved her own achievements, she would return to her hometown and devote herself to magic training again.
“Are you done now?”
Marsha and J. Steen approached Sirone, who was standing at the end of the audience.
The Jaysteen Mercenary Corps had already left after being merged with the Parrot Mercenary Corps, but Sirone wanted to confirm the outcome of the tournament.
“yes. We must start now.” Marcia let out the smoke from her cigarette, squinting her eyes.
“Are you trying to do something weird again?”
Sirone smiled instead, and as the applause died down, Rangi spoke up.
“thank you everyone. First of all, with the director of the beauty style hair shop who made me who I am today… …
A tournament official came to Sirone.
“Magician of the Ivory Tower, I should have told you in advance, but I was not in a hurry because of the terror… …
He handed over the sheet music for ‘Rain of Light’ with Maya’s autograph written on it.
“Mr. Maya asked me to deliver it in person. Just give it to me and you’ll know what I mean… …
Maya said she would stay until the tournament was over, but her agency wouldn’t allow it.
“okay.”
Sirone nodded her head, keeping her eyes on the lyrics that contained every word of her heart.
“Yes, Maya is right. thank you.”
The reason she didn’t face her and left only her heart was her wish not to decide anything.
‘I’ll be able to meet you again.’
higher than now.
“let’s go. Are you busy?” After bidding her goodbyes with Marsha, Sirone took Jay Steen and left the capital.
Caidra, a monstrous bird that was orbiting the sky, landed in front of them with a groaning noise.
“You want to ride this?”
Jaysteen’s eyes widened.
“huh. Because I rode it when I came. Khaid Raya, which the Empress of Kashan rides herself. My name is Ratusa.”
Rattusa stroked Sirone’s cheek with her beak.
‘It’s a 3-tier monster.’
Among the monsters that Jysteen’s mercenaries had caught so far, the strongest was only a Tier 5 monster.
It was only overlooked because it was specialized in flight, and it was a powerful creature that could peck out quite a few monsters like insects.
“You’re not eating people, are you?”
“haha! no way?”
Eating people doesn’t mean you can eat sirones, so I’ve never checked.
Jaysteen looked at him in terror, but Sirone, riding on Kydra, gestured to him as if to tempt him.
“Is this your first time? Come up.”
In her eyes, Kaidra looked like a giant monster with a sirone attached to it.
Arriving at the hotel and packing up, Rangi sipped on the sofa until the bodyguard arrived.
“Haa, it’s over anyway.”
The joy of winning was short-lived, and the hardships so far passed through my mind like a kaleidoscope.
‘Sirone.’
What remained at the end of the kaleidoscope was the afterimage of the strongest wizard in the world.
Rangi shook his head as he gazed at the ‘Dragon Beater Grand Mage’ left behind by Sirone.
“Idiot, what are you thinking?”
The world we live in is different.
‘It’s not strong or weak, it’s not for that reason.’
What mages pursue is spirit, not matter, and Rangi will never be able to understand them.
“Rangi, I brought you Bunny.”
“Come on in.”
A man with magpie-like hair and a sparse beard entered with a timid gesture.
“Jeong, is it really Mr. Rangi?”
Seeing Rangi sitting on the sofa, Bunny trembled as if he was moved.
“Sit. I asked to be called because I wanted to personally say thank you.”
It was a lifetime honor because he went from being a world beauty pageant maniac to a Rangi maniac.
“thank you! thank you!”
Rangi smiled.
“On the contrary, I am grateful. You saved me then.”
When Mecha’s explosive bullets flew from the mountain, he was the only one to jump onto the stage.
“How did I help you?”
In fact, it was Sirone who prevented the terror, so Rangi leaned her upper body as she sat down with an embarrassed expression.
“I’m sorry, but I don’t have much time. I have to go to the royal castle for a celebratory performance.”
“haha! Yes, of course. It’s enough for me to see Mr. Rangi up close like this.”
“So if you have something to say, do it now.”
“yes’?”
Rangi raised an eyebrow.
“Since you risked your life for me, I will informally grant your wish. You can ask for anything.”
Bernie gulped as he reached a single thought in his head.
“Is that true?”
“Did you call me for a joke? Please tell me.”
“You may think me strange, but if you really want to say a wish, tonight… …
Rangi nodded.
“Yes, tonight?”
cried Bernie, closing his eyes tightly.
“One dinner, please!”
“Yes, dinner… … yes?”
Rangi blinked his eyes.
“That, and I’m really sorry, I know it’s really shameless, but it’s my lifelong wish! please just once… … She hurriedly rummaged through her backpack and pulled out an optical camera that Bernie had bought for a fortune.
“If you take just one photo for authentication… …
Looking at Rangi’s dazed expression, he concluded his speech in a crawling voice.
“Can’t I?”
Rangi couldn’t help but ask.
“I beg your pardon? Is that your real wish?”
Bernie was very intimidated.
“Certification Photo… … . to my friends… … to brag… …
“Ha ha, ha ha ha ha!”
Rangi, relaxed, leaned back on the sofa and burst into laughter as he looked up at the ceiling.
‘I see. It was like that.’
Wizard.
I felt like I could understand a little bit of their lives.
Emperor Aganos.
“If you want to know about someone, be most humble in front of that person.”
Wu Lin said.
“Human beings show their true colors in the end because they want to be superior. But if you’re the one who doesn’t change… … Gando replied.
“He is a trustworthy person.”
“no. Just keep being humble until that person shows up.” “It is a question of who can be patient. Some people easily consume emotions. If you criticize and put down others, you may look a little superior, but there is nothing left, right?”
When emotions are revealed, desire disappears.
“The superiority of the heart is just an illusion. The real superiority is visible.”
Uorin spread her arms.
“An imperial castle adorned with jewels, an army stretching to the end of the horizon, and an enormous amount of gold coins. All of these are things that I was able to actually gain because I gave up the sense of superiority of the heart.”
It will be the king’s philosophy.
“So don’t sell your feelings cheaply. Hide yourself and use other people’s thoughts. That’s what the game is all about.”
“I have a question.”
Gando intervened.
“According to the Queen’s theory, isn’t it taboo to reveal the king’s technique to me right now?”
“To be sharp.”
Wu Lin walked to the window.
“Gando, by any chance, don’t you want to become an emperor?”
I just found out
“mother.”
“It is a great purification. I don’t have any more minor incidents left. In an unknown world, the person I chose is Sirone.”
She is not thinking of giving birth to a daughter.
“This is an extreme judgment.”
“It is an extreme world. Havitz’s chaos is the natural enemy of Theraje, which is based on logic.”
“There is also a way to form an alliance.” From Gando’s point of view, it wasn’t bad for Kashan and Gustav to divide the world into two.
“You can’t give up on Sirone.”
“Hasn’t it been running for many years? If now is the only chance to bloom in Theraje’s life… …
Because they should bloom someday, they endured eternity.
“Sirone-sama has arrived.” As her guards arrived outside her, Wu Lin’s face brightened like a girl’s.
“Let’s go, Gando.”
Looking at her back as she ran toward the door, Gando let out a long breath.
‘Emperor? I?’
Gando is the son of Terase, it is true that he borrowed his mother’s womb, but his genes were not mixed.
‘What are you looking at?’ I couldn’t understand her giving up her eons of history in order to live her life with her loved one.
‘I’m not someone who moves only with emotions. perhaps… …
We may have already reached the end of an era.
“Your skills have improved more than before.” said Gustav’s military Vulcan, looking down at the dozens of chess in front of him.
“okay? You don’t even know the rules?”
Harvits was not interested in chess, just taking and placing pieces at random.
‘That’s why it’s bizarre.’
It seems to be left alone, but the odds against Vulcan, a genius soldier, were close to 50%.
‘It’s not even reading the military standard. I’m just going to keep fighting so that it’s a fun situation.’
Because they don’t care about winning or losing, the odds are 50%.
‘If you’re determined to win, no, isn’t that also compatible with chaos?’
Vulcan asked.
“What is the philosophy that governs humans, Your Highness?”
Harvitz’s Theory of the King.
“There is no such thing. It’s too simple. Even if you sort apples here and there, you end up with only four fruits.”
“But aren’t there people like strawberries and people like pears? They are all different.”
“Because there is none.”
Harvits raised his head.
“Everyone thinks they are the best. But you put it in a warehouse and beat it with a club for three days, right?”
Harvitz pretended to be sick.
“Oops, I’m dying! yes That apple is a pear! you are god! I am a dog!”
Vulcan blinked.
“It’s really strange. If it’s really the best, it should be the best whether it’s hit with a club or gutted, but they always change their words.”
“haha.”
Havitz touched his mustache.
“If that’s the case, I don’t know why I usually think I’m right. Look what kind of disease it is.”
“Puhahahaha!”
Vulcan hit the knee
“What an insight! majesty!”
It was a very hot summer.
A record-breaking heat wave raged, and the bloody smell shook the border between Ka Shan and Gustav.
“With this, everything is ready.”
To Uorin’s left was the Ex-Machina’s Iruki team, and to the right was the Shirone’s team who was in charge of <Spell Killing>.
“It’s the only chance to kill Havitz.”
Minerva looked back at Abella, who stood in the center.
‘Abella and Jaysteen are both perfect, but the one with the higher probability is the alpha fish.’
While staying in the imperial castle for half a year, Abella and Jaysteen never met.
Considering their relationship, it was natural, but in reality, it was a strategic decision.
“Youth Abella. The lives of countless people are now in your hands. You know?”
“Do not worry. You will not make a mistake.”
There was no sense of tension on Abella’s face after repeated analysis and learning with top experts.
‘Mister Harvits, I’m coming. To kill you.’
Since the emperor’s character is tyrannical, it is only natural for the attendants to run away and suffer from a manpower shortage.
“I will depart.”
Alpha Fish’s first mission was to enter the Gustav Empire as a handmaid and have an audience with Habitz.

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-801.txt
=============YYYYY=============
Law Murder (2)
Marsac, the imperial castle of Gustaf, was teeming with women who came to become maids of the empire.
‘How could this be… …
While Havitz’s notoriety spread all over the world, more than 300 people applied.
“Did you come to know who the Emperor is?”
I asked the cold-looking woman with a pointed chin waiting in the left column.
“Hey, so are you. I wish we could refrain from talking to each other. We will be competitors from now on.”
‘I’m not… …
Unlike the other candidates, Abella was the one who came to kill Havits.
“Is it for money?”
The woman looked back coldly.
“Then what? No matter where you come from, let alone pay, the employee welfare is excellent. More than anything else, she becomes the maid of honor of the imperial castle.”
The value of a commoner was determined by the nobility, and if she was a court lady of the imperial castle, the nobles would not look down on her.
“But you’re a tyrant, aren’t you?”
Everyone turned to Abella, and the atmosphere at the scene was frozen like an arctic.
“Hey, what did you just say?” The captain of the guard who was leading the lady-in-waiting approached with great strides, intent on killing him.
‘are you okay. I’ll be fine.’
The most important part of the project for Abella is to love Havitz.
If the alpha fish loses its original value, the law is twisted, and then everything is over.
“Speak again what you said earlier. You better pray to God that my ears are strange.”
“Uncle Harvits is a tyrant.” In response to the emperor’s lack of respect, the captain of the guard drew his sword.
“If you kill me, you will die too.”
The blade stopped abruptly around Abella’s neck.
“What does that mean?”
“I didn’t come here to serve the emperor. Personally, I came to see Mr. Havitz.”
“you… … You know His Majesty the Emperor?”
“If you have any doubts, you can report it to your superiors. Tell Mr. Harvits that Abella has arrived.” I never had the courage to do so.
‘I’m embarrassed.’
Besides, if she was telling the truth, she would never be rude.
‘Let’s leave it to someone else. If you get entangled for no reason, you will die.’
The captain of the guard, who had secured his sword, spat out a word as he returned to his seat.
“Be quiet. There is a procedure for everything.”
It seemed to be pulling back, and Abella stuck her tongue out against the guard commander’s back.
The woman who was watching the absurd thing from close by said with shocked eyes.
“Are you crazy? Why would you lie like that?”
As expected of a lady-in-waiting, she admits that she excelled at improvisation, but when the truth was revealed, she died on the spot.
“For now, you have to live. And the captain of the guard won’t even be able to check it, because he has a bird’s chest.”
The woman smiled and held out her hand.
“Let’s formally greet each other. I am Catenia from Manaca. I am thirty-two years old. Am I your sister?”
“yes. I am Abella. I am twenty-three.”
Catenia asked at the end of her voice.
“But do you really have a big liver? How can you say insulting words to the Emperor of the Empire so easily?”
I honestly don’t know.
‘Mister Habitz.’
My teeth tremble when I hear his eccentric evil deeds, but in a corner of my heart… … .
– Ugh, it’s okay. are you okay.
When he stroked my back and said it was okay, I felt like I had a fence for the first time in my life.
“Well, it’s true.”
Abella shrugged and covered it.
“but… … . I’m also scared to be honest. But since I’m old, I’m expecting that I won’t go into the side room. Oh, I’m sorry.”
Unlike Catenia, Abella was of the right age to enter Havitz’s bed.
“are you okay. Actually, I’m going into the side room.”
“what?”
No matter how wealthy Catenia was, if she had to go to Havitz’s side, she would have had a different opinion.
“Enter Group 4!”
When the guards opened the gates, 30 people rushed through the arch.
As befits the world’s largest man-made structure, the road to the imperial castle was endless, and finally stopped in front of the spacious central government office.
‘You’re here.’
Another Kashan spy had secretly infiltrated the place where the first interview was held.
El Crouch, the assassin of Empress Uorin.
Once a doll maker, he learned black magic from an oriental puppeteer and transformed his body into a doll.
‘Two lives left.’ He lived for over 200 years by distributing his life to a porcelain doll, but now that too was coming to an end.
‘Well, he lived a long time.’
On the day we left Kashan, Uorin said.
“I’m sorry, Crouch.”
When Crouch, who hadn’t attached any flesh, raised his head, the stuffed mechanism instead of the intestines turned.
“It’s unreasonable for the queen to apologize.”
Wu Lin laughed bitterly.
“We’ve known each other for a really long time. No matter how much I think about it, you’re the only person who will move <Slaughter> to Marsak.”
“It is an honour.”
Crouch’s job was as a carrier.
“The biggest problem is, of course, the Balkans. We can’t send a lot of assassins to him who reads the crowd flag.”
“Plural number. It means that you cannot read the life of one person, but you can notice the life of two or more people.”
“okay. As the number increases, the discipline will become clearer. Currently, Alpha Fish is training to eliminate its hostility towards Habits. Therefore, there is no problem with you infiltrating.”
“The real problem is the day of planning.”
When the alpha fish reveals its intention to kill, it becomes two people in addition to Crouch, so the Vulcan reads the military standard.
“I should be dead the moment Alphafish kills Havitz.”
It had to be a singular number, and only Crouch, who had multiple lives, could do this.
“You may have to die twice.” That would be eternal death.
“In order to deliver <Slayer> to Alpha Fish, it must go through ‘initialization’. The process is risky.”
“I know, Her Majesty.”
“So Crouch.” Uorin approached Crouch.
“I didn’t entrust you with two lives. If you… … It’s because I believe that I can get out of it once. Do not die.”
Crouch’s facial muscles, made of wire, twisted and the shape of his mouth rose.
“This is the life the Queen gave me. I will not resent you even if all the porcelain dolls I gave you break.”
“Isn’t that what you mean?”
Crouch smiled, but his eyelids were missing, so they just seemed wide open.
“You don’t have to act like a girl to me either.”
Uorin inflated her cheeks.
“What?”
“Until the day we return, keep it intact.”
After leaving Kashan, Crouch assassinated Marsak’s handmaid and assumed her role.
‘My name is Orphe.’
As a master of disguise, he perfectly imitated not only his appearance but also his personality and trivial habits.
Even Abella, who knew that the strategy would be at the first interview, could not find Crouch.
‘He must be watching me.’ As she looked around her, making eye contact with her, Crouch looked away from her.
‘It wouldn’t be nice to know each other.’
Waiting interviewers approached the four women and conducted a physical examination.
The body was groped to determine whether it was a man or a woman, and women with tattoos were also eliminated.
“Pass. To the next gateway.”
Six women were eliminated and the remaining 24 followed the guards to a small waiting room.
“Congratulations on passing the first interview.”
An official with a goatee stood on the podium holding a list.
“Of course, I have to take the 2nd, 3rd, and 4th interviews as well as the final exam.”
Power entered the maids’ eyes.
“The final selection was 30 people. It’s a competition where 1 in 10 is eliminated. But I will draw a special loan at this gateway.”
“Special loan?”
The ladies-in-waiting candidates murmured.
“Among these people, is there anyone who would like to support the Emperor, that is, His Majesty the Emperor by his side?”
No one wanted to help the killer, and there was a cold silence.
“I am not forcing you. However, in the end, it is decided to draw by lottery. If you don’t have the confidence to pass… …
“I will do it.”
Everyone’s eyes focused on one place, and Catenia stuttered with an absurd expression.
“you you… …
Abella shrugged.
“I told you, this is it.”
The official checked the number on her name tag and quickly flipped through the ledger.
“Hmm, Youth Abella. I am from a gypsy… …
There seemed to be no particular abnormality.
“Go through the door over there. The ladies-in-waiting will re-examine it, and if there are no abnormalities, you will pass immediately.”
“yes. But I have one request.”
Assuming that it was a dying person’s wish, the official closed the ledger and raised his chin.
“Tell me.”
“Havitz, no, His Majesty the Emperor might remember me, so can I give you a word in advance?”
“His Majesty the Emperor?”
The official who was looking left and right said.
“Hey, isn’t there something wrong with your mind? then you can’t pass It is a life-and-death matter.”
“It’s the manager who’s life is at stake. If you leave me like this, I don’t know what kind of trouble will befall me later.”
‘damn! Why is this happening to me… … !’ The official, who felt the same emotions as the captain of the guard, asked with a frown.
“Then, how is your relationship with His Majesty the Emperor?”
Abella smiled broadly as she carefully observed the candidates watching with pale faces.
“A childhood friend.”
“majesty! The maid of honor is asking for an audience.”
The gates of the Great Hall opened and an old woman in her seventies crossed the Grand Hall with a dead expression.
A Vulcan sitting on a throne snored, and a military tactical map lay on the floor.
Harvits and the other 4 artists were sitting there, playing with dolls with military sculptures.
“Rumble! bang! Cannon Boom!”
Comedy Zetaro was frightened.
“Aww! My eyeballs are missing! Put it back in quickly! eyeball! Gather your eyeballs!”
Battle doll Natasha moved the sergeant’s horse.
“die! die! die! die!” The king of domestic affairs, Sumodo, crumpled the map.
“All the women of the Kingdom of Paris are mine! Wait, even if only women in their 10s and 20s of childbearing age are selected, there are about 4.47 million… …
The maid coughed.
“Hmmmm, Your Majesty the Emperor.”
Harvitz threw the sailboat and turned his head.
“why? Are you busy now. A government meeting is in progress.”
“Are there any friends you made a long time ago by the name of Youth Abella?”
“Who? Hmm.”
If she had told a lie, she could have lost her throat, but the lady-in-waiting kept her mouth shut like a coward.
‘If I die, I will die.’
don’t imagine the future
This was the first requirement a maid of the Gustav Empire had to have.
“I don’t know.”
The maid bowed her head.
“All right. When it comes… …
Vulcan lay down and spoke like a drool.
“Why, you know. A girl I met before. What kind of flower shop do you think… …
Harvits opened her eyes wide and stood up.
“Youth Abella!”
The four arts looked back at him at the same time.
“that’s right! It was Abella! But why? Gap, her baby, why are you looking for her?”
The name is vague, but I have never forgotten the promise I made with the girl at the time.
“It’s not what I’m looking for, and I’m a child who came in as a lady-in-waiting this time, and I want to have an audience with Your Highness.”
“Abella came to see me?” Havitz’s shoulders trembled.
“You have completed the flower garden!”

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-802.txt
=============YYYYY=============
Law Murder (3)
Harvitz’s reaction alone showed that the woman named Abella was telling the truth.
The lady-in-waiting skipped all other procedures and summoned her to the grand hall.
At one time, it was a story about the flower garden that Havitz had always been talking about, so he looked at the Gustav 4 technique with curious eyes.
“Mister Harvits.”
Abella approached with a smile.
“Abella!”
As if back in the day 14 years ago, Havitz held Abella’s hand.
“You’re here. Do you know how troubled I was? What would the flower garden look like? The shop… …
“I’m sorry, mister.”
When Abella cut Havitz off, all the maids in the Grand Hall flinched.
‘it’s crazy. To cut off Your Highness.’
Among the ladies-in-waiting who directly assist the emperor in the Grand Hall, the ‘Havitz Manual’ is floating around.
‘I’m going to die.’
There is no standard for responding to chaos.
That’s why ‘It rains when you hold a ritual for rain’ is just a coincidence created by a game of probability… … .
‘Rule 283, don’t show any reaction when Harvitz speaks excitedly.’
For the ladies-in-waiting, this jinx was the only lifeline.
“huh? What are you sorry about?”
That’s why they couldn’t help but be astonished at Havitz’s questioning.
‘Is the jinx broken?’
Abella smiled bitterly.
“I opened a flower shop, but there are no flowers that the uncle bought me. They died because I raised them wrong.”
“That’s why you couldn’t come.”
“no. I didn’t want to meet you. I was too young back then I just lived with a lover like that.”
“okay??????
Harvitz seemed a little disappointed.
“You opened a flower shop, though. I can buy you any number of flowers, so don’t be too heartbroken.”
Shock swept through the maid’s eyes.
‘Your Highness said something to be considerate of others.’
It was the first time that even she, who had spent her entire life in the imperial castle, had seen such a situation.
‘perhaps… … Maybe we had the wrong idea about the character Havitz.’
It didn’t matter to me to stop talking in the first place.
‘I killed a lot of maids, but couldn’t it be for a completely different reason than we expected?’
Since the head maid was lost, not to mention the confusion of the other maids.
‘Why aren’t you angry? Why don’t you kill me?’
Many jinxes were being broken, such as not making eye contact and not using negative words.
‘It’s pitiful.’
Vulcan, who read the court ladies’ standard, squinted one eye.
‘Fear arises because you don’t even know why you’re dying after you’ve done something to die. Your Highness is also a person. I enjoy playing with my friends, and I know what love is.’
Harvits is also a person.
‘I’m always someone who just wants to have fun. Well, since they only have the intention of using others, they are tailoring themselves according to their taste.’
Chaos is not to be met with the head.
‘consensus. You just have to honestly express your emotions as they are without calculation. That’s all Her Highness treats people.’ Of course, adults can’t.
‘Abella is possible.’
It is because Habitzra is a friend who has been in sympathy with the deepest place of chaos and emotions.
“Anyway, I’m here, so that’s okay. You kept your promise.”
Throwing away miscellaneous thoughts, Havitz sat down on the map and knocked on the floor.
“Come on. From now on, we’re going to conquer the world, so let’s play with us. My friends have fun too.”
It was touching to see the Emperor of the Empire treat her innocently, but Abella’s eyes were filled with sadness.
“Really nothing has changed.”
“Are you very old? You grew taller and prettier. If you don’t like conquering the world, what else should you do?”
Tears welled up in Abella’s eyes.
“Your uncle is a bad person.”
Everyone’s heart sank, and Balkan couldn’t guarantee Abella’s future this time either.
‘Sympathy and hostility are obviously different. Will His Highness not be angry again?’
Harvits blinked.
“People say yes, you are bad. But honestly, I’m not sure. To me, this is what it looks like now… …
Abella cried and said.
“I like it because it looks like the old mustache man.”
“ha ha ha! Yeah, it’s fine as long as you like it, right?”
Vulcan’s eyebrows twitched as he felt relief at Havitz’s laughter.
‘Hoo? This… …
Abella was devastated.
‘I’d rather be scared, if I could hate and hate to the fullest like everyone else… …
An atrocity that wants to plunge the world into hell.
‘But for me… …
He was the kindest and warmest man in the world who would listen to anything he wanted.
‘I’m not going to die, am I?’
In Harvitz’s arms, Abella would be happy for the rest of her life, but she had to kill him for the sake of humanity.
‘That’s an alpha fish.’
She calmed down and said, wiping away tears.
“I can’t play house with you like before. Now I am an adult.”
“okay? Then what shall we do?”
“Adult play.”
Abella moved towards Havitz, who was sitting with her buttocks on the floor.
“Mister, will you marry me?”
The gaze of the 4 guineas moved to Havitz, and a sound leaked from the ladies’ throats all at once.
‘it’s crazy. You say you’re marrying that psycho?’
Harvits immediately nodded.
“good.”
Vulcan foresaw the feelings that had sprouted after 14 years in Havitz’s chaos.
‘We met as friends… … It seems that the sympathy with Abella was a little different.
‘Witch’s Fate. Is it a natural law to marry the person who freed you from that curse?’
Those who have reached a certain ultimate in truth are bound to be strong, and that is why Havitz is also strong.
‘That’s why he was very lonely.’ It is safe to say that I was bored.
In any case, the person he could relate to with Harvits could be counted on one hand in the entire world.
‘On the one hand, it’s a match made in heaven.’
Abella inflated her cheeks.
“what? How can you accept it so easily anyway? Do you know what marriage is?”
“Of course you know. Because I like you too.”
Habitz stood up from his seat and said seriously, holding Abella by the shoulder.
“I want to marry you.”
The childhood friend I met at the beach when I was young promised to become a couple after 14 years.
The heatwave that dominated the summer has gradually withdrawn, and autumn has arrived with colored leaves.
The war was still fierce, but within the Gustav Empire, preparations for the emperor’s marriage were in full swing.
“Long live the Emperor! Hooray!”
Abella’s favorite flower gardens were laid out on every street, and a national celebration procession event was held.
Around the 20th day before the wedding, Crouch moved while the royal castle, Marsac, was adorning the flowers.
In his hand, he was able to roam freely through the complex roads of the ceiling as if he were at home.
‘Change target.’
said Minerva.
“The reason Alphafish is important is that it is the closest person to Havitz. But he can’t go in with <Slayer> in his possession.”
Other items could be hidden inside the body, but the knife could not be carried for several months.
“That’s why you need a carrier.” El Crouch.
“Before sending the alpha fish, an expert will first take a seat inside the imperial castle. And, at the beginning of the night between Havitz and Abella, I will hand over <Slaughter>.”
Sirone asked.
“The transport team can’t get close to Havitz. Tangent contact would be impossible, so how do I get over it?”
“Use retargeting.” Minerva brought out the <Law Kill>.
“The dagger absorbs the murderous intent of its bearer and distorts the law. But, what if the target changes in the middle?”
Sirone was also questionable.
“For example, what if I stab Uo Rin while <Math Killing> was activated to kill you, Shirone?”
“How is it?”
“The murderous intention contained in the dagger does not change. However, the possessor’s intent to kill is reset. Of course, this by itself doesn’t mean much. But if you destroy the dagger, that’s a different story.”
“They said extinction was impossible.”
“okay. Even if it is destroyed, <Law Kill> will reappear in a perfectly random place.”
said Iruki.
“But if you initialize it, you can artificially manipulate the place where the <Math> appears.”
“That’s right. Destroyed in the initialization state, 〈Slaughter〉 appears to the person most suitable for the murderous intent contained in the dagger. Therefore, through the law, you can deliver <law killing> to the alpha fish.”
This is ‘retargeting’.
‘The execution time is the beginning of the wedding, 20 days later. Until then, you have to reset <Math>.’
Currently, <Law Kill>’s intent to kill is directed at Habitz, but there is no change in the law.
‘That’s why it’s such a difficult enemy.’ can’t be killed in any way
I mean, to Crouch, it felt as if <Slaughter> was waiting for the right time.
‘The target I will kill is Catenia.’
Crouch, who had already killed Orphea and lived her life, attempted another transformation.
‘Being Catenia is the best. If that happens, I will be able to approach Harvits more.’
As Abella became engaged to Havitz, Catania became her handmaid and lived a prosperous life.
‘It’s here.’
Arriving at Abella’s room, Crouch landed in the hallway through a vent in the ceiling.
A torch on the wall was the only light.
‘Alphafish probably doesn’t know. Well, it might be better not to inform them.’
The law was so sensitive and subtle that even a slight change would be irreversible.
“Did the thief cat sneak all the way here?”
Crouch has no heart, but pretends to shrug his shoulders at superhuman speed.
‘Damn it, sooner or later.’
When I turned around, there was Natasha, a combat doll from Gustav’s 4th class, standing with her head tilted.
“Oh, Natasha. hello.”
In any case, Crouch was a lady-in-waiting named Orphe, so she bowed politely.
“You are really amazing.”
Orphe asked with a puzzled expression.
“yes? what do you mean… …
“Wow, that’s awesome! I don’t feel any clumsy energy! It’s a really great performance.”
It was none other than Kashan’s emperor, Theraze’s shadow, but he didn’t even have that thought in his head.
‘How did know?’ As if reading Crouch’s thoughts, Natasha said with a pitying expression.
“I was caught in the discipline of the Balkans. They hire an assassin once a month to kill Your Highness.”
In order to make up for the shortcoming of mob gi, which cannot catch the singular number, it was said that they risked an assassination once a month.
‘If an assassin is added, my life will also become a crowd.’
This was also expected, so Crouch did not panic and showed his true colors.
“Is that why you came to kill me?”
Her appearance, attitude, and even voice were the same, but Natasha felt like a completely different person.
“It’s really amazing. I just got goosebumps. anyways that’s right But he told me to find out who the assassin was. Find out if the assassination target is Your Highness or Abella.”
‘It’s comfortable because it’s an honest personality.’
Even though they lined up unnecessary words, on the other hand, I also felt ignored.
“I will tell you.”
Crouch took out the <Law Kill> from inside the maid’s dress.
“After cutting his throat.”
“Knock-knock! I like that too.”
As expected, Natasha was not nervous, but it was an opportunity for an Assassin to take advantage of the situation.
‘Funny. Natasha… …
Anyone can change the target anyway, and if it can be divided into Natasha, the assassination success rate will increase dramatically.
‘If that happens, it’s not a waste even if a doll is broken.’
Everyone has only one life, so Crouch, who has two lives, can perfectly stab the opponent’s blind spot.
“Then shall we begin?”
As Natasha lowered her center of gravity by bending her bow legs, her arms slowly rose above her shoulders.
“The Shinigami’s martial arts.”

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-803.txt
=============YYYYY=============
Law Murder (4)
Natasha’s temperament changed.
‘Is it incarnation?’
Above her head, the upper half of a skeleton wearing a black hood shimmered like an illusion.
Ten fingers were sticking out as if playing a keyboard, and dozens of steel wires caught in the joints were connected to Natasha.
‘Right.’
I don’t know what ability it is.
“Are you also a doll?”
Natasha smiled madly.
“Let go! Release me!”
Gustav’s genius dancer, Natasha, was kidnapped by gangsters one day.
“You motherF*ckers! who made it Are you all sick?”
Daphne, second in the dance world, but the gap in skill was so great that they could not be called rivals.
“shut up! Knowing it won’t change anything!”
Natasha’s schema was completely flawless in art, and her spirit was the extreme of eccentricity beyond normal limits.
“Quick tie! Before the bodyguards come in!”
The assailants laid Natasha face down on a long desk and restrained her limbs with chains.
“What are you going to do? Shall I slap your ass?”
One of the assailants pulled out an iron club.
“Do it, do it now?”
The colleague nodded, and he roared and hit Natasha’s spine with all his might.
Natasha’s eyelids, which had been there at the time, closed tightly, and the sound of crackling was transmitted through her bones.
“Bad year. You don’t even scream.” Feeling her lower body go numb, Natasha lifted her sweaty face.
“How can you scream when you’re dying of pain!”
“I told you to shut up!”
Natasha’s eyes lit up as the iron club hit her back again.
“Huh!”
The assailant’s face was also covered with sweat.
“shit! Why isn’t it broken like this?” shouted Natasha, twisting her head as if about to break.
“You stupid child! If you’re going to do it, finish it in one shot! what are you doing!”
“Aww! die!” The assailant hit him on the waist, but his momentum was already broken and his strength was not working properly.
“Aww! it’s annoying!”
Natasha, weeping in pain, pulled the chains around her wrists.
“You can’t even swing a stick right in front of a woman’s ass! Are you a goja’?”
The assailant, who regained consciousness at her mockery, bit his molars and swung his arm vertically.
“Keugh!”
Finally, I heard a snap and a spine snapping sound.
Natasha was crippled from the waist down.
But she never found out who had severed her spine, nor did she take revenge.
‘Ah, I don’t know. I just need to live a rough life.’ Because she didn’t hate her again
could dance
Crouch lowered his gaze somewhat.
‘In exchange for giving up the subject of life, what I got is multiple lives.’
And Natasha… … .
“Let’s dance together.”
I became a puppet of a god of death and was able to raise all the stats of my body to the realm of transcendence.
‘come!’
At the same time as feeling alive, Crouch opened the distance with quick steps.
“Is it a fun rhythm?”
As tremendous speed was added to the stride that mixed the rhythm, it was as if the movement was disconnected.
“How long can you dance?”
The number of people who zoomed for more than 1 second with Natasha was counted on one hand.
‘ fast??????
As the god of death’s white fingers began to dance, Natasha’s figure scattered as an afterimage.
‘… … Not enough!’
A crackling sound rang in Crouch’s ears, and his vision spun.
‘damn!’
Before he had time to use his spare life to fight back, his head fell off and spun near the ceiling.
“What is it, are you cold?”
Crouch’s face crashed against the wall.
‘This is the 4th skill of Gustav… …
It was Havitz’s ability worthy of the four gods, who raised certain skills to the level of art.
‘It is indeed the pinnacle of movement.’ Clink!
One of the two porcelain dolls on the shelf shattered with a sharp sound.
“Hmm.”
A bitter silence leaked from Uorin’s mouth as she drank alone in the middle of the night.
“Wow, it looks like this.”
Slicing open Crouch’s stomach, Natasha inspected the complicated mechanism inside.
Black oil flowed instead of blood.
“It tastes awful.”
Natasha, who tasted it with her hand, frowned, but the lady-in-waiting who was on patrol was startled.
“Aww! what, what?”
“Yeah, nice to meet you. put this away Throw it in the garbage.”
The maid raised her head.
“yes? A dump?”
“It’s broken. I can’t even try to fix it.”
Natasha, who was about to leave leaving the maid in charge, stopped walking as if she had suddenly realized.
“Right, I said to find out who sent it.”
Her shoulders shrugged up.
“How about something?” “Ghmm, what’s so heavy?” The men carried the sacks with a whimper.
“There are all sorts of horrible dolls. I looked at it for a while and it looked like it was really alive. What is it?”
“Never mind, if you want to hold out for a long time. I’m going to go crazy if I pay attention to what’s going on in the imperial castle.”
The men who were swinging the turret like a swing threw the doll over the wall at the signal.
“Whoa, let’s go.” There was no movement inside the bag even while the men shook their hands and walked away.
It was on the wedding day of Havitz and Abella that wriggling movements were finally seen.
“damn.”
Crouch, who grabbed the hair on his face as the bag was torn apart, raised himself.
‘strong. It won’t be easy to wind up.’ It’s not a style that relies on force like Hitman, but the pride of being the best in the industry has been shattered.
‘That can’t be imitated.’
The realization of Natasha’s helplessness was worth losing one life.
‘The important thing is the initialization of <Math>.’
It was impossible to use Catenia because Vulcan was already preparing.
“I must die.”
To complete his last mission in life, Crouch jumped high over a wall.
The most splendid wedding in the Gustav Empire was held in Marsac’s garden.
There were 10,000 guests, and gold, silver, and treasures filled the palace’s warehouse.
Gustav was rewarded with gold.
“Hey, Natasha.”
On the way back after the reception, Bal Khan personally went to find Natasha.
“I mean an assassin. Are you sure you’re done?”
“huh. blew his neck off I also opened the boat and checked it. can’t stay alive But why?”
“No, just. Because it is an important day.” Vulcan rested her chin.
‘I entrusted it to Natasha, so there can be no mistakes. It is clear that he killed But the problem is that it’s a doll.’
I heard that in the East, there is a secret technique to infuse a doll with a soul.
‘Are you in Jincheon? I heard that the opponent was quite good, but why didn’t there be any special movement?’
There was no sign of crowd prayer.
“Why so serious? You keep hiring assassins. If you don’t get caught in the military discipline, you really don’t exist.”
“it is not so. The military flag reads the intent to kill, and we can’t even guarantee the existence of humans.”
Jetaro intervened.
“If an assassin with no intent to kill is staying in the imperial castle, you can’t capture the military discipline.”
Sumodo said.
“Anyway, it’s the same thing. An assassin without the intent to kill is not an assassin. What’s certain is that no one is thinking of killing Her Highness, right?”
The Balkans were stubborn.
“That is strange. If you don’t intend to kill Your Highness, why are you staying in the imperial castle’?”
Natasha raised her index finger.
“It is only an assumption that the assassin is staying in the imperial castle. I think you are digging too deep.”
This time, even Balkan could not refute.
“I don’t know. If you look at it simply, it’s clear, but it keeps feeling complicated. I feel like I’m missing something.”
Zetaro said.
“Because the other person was a doll. When unexpected results appear, other accidents continue to be questioned.”
” doll.”
Vulcan stopped walking.
“Natasha, go to the dump and check again.”
“I do sumodo every day. It is as it was.”
My king of sumo wrestling.
His ‘poetry of innocence’ sees through all kinds of differences except those that are essentially the same.
For example, he realizes that grasshopper A and grasshopper B are completely different organisms.
In addition, 1,000 knives made in the same mold can be classified according to their characteristics.
“Today is a different day. Come along and check it out. I’ll go to Her Highness and see if there’s anything wrong with it.”
“okay.”
There was no case of losing money by listening to Balkan, so the two headed to the garbage dump.
“Hey, Natasha.”
On the way, Sumodo said.
“Do you want to join me tonight?”
Natasha looked back in surprise.
“You don’t like being with the same girl, do you?”
“just… … I’m afraid I’ll be lonely.”
He, a man, is also confused about Havitz’s marriage, but how can Natasha, a woman, die?
“Hehe, what is it? Are you comforting me?”
“You are my friend.”
“Thank you for your heart, but it’s okay. You won’t be able to enjoy sumodo anyway, and I’m a bit like that today too.”
“Because he loves another woman, Harvits doesn’t leave us.” Natasha smiled brightly and nodded her head.
“yes.”
Arriving chatting, they opened the door of the dump and climbed up the pile.
“He must be buried here… … what?” Seeing the traces of the rubbish heap being dug up, Sumodo opened his eyes wide and shouted.
“different! Definitely different!”
“… … Sumo, I think I know this too.”
Like a prank on a grand scale, the assassin doll that had existed until yesterday disappeared.
On the way to Havitz and Abella’s newlywed apartment, Zetaro said.
“I know you doubt Abella. But if it did, she would have already been read as a discipline.”
Alphafish love Havitz.
“I know. The military is not certain. But if I hire an assassin, I will dig into that.”
If the reason why an assassin does not reveal his intention to kill is to maintain a singular number.
“I want to see His Majesty the Emperor. Send me a message.”
The lady-in-waiting bowed her back with an embarrassing gesture.
“Sorry, soldier. His Majesty has told us not to let anyone inside tonight.”
“It is urgent. Can you give me some words?”
The maid had to choose whether to be killed by Habits or Vulcan.
“You can cut me down and go.”
Because it was sincere, not a threat, Vulcan grunted with a face that looked like she was in trouble.
Jetaro laughed.
“Chuck! It was hot. Well, not even that. Isn’t this the day you’ve been looking forward to for 14 years?” Knowing how strict Havits was when it came to controlling his desires, Vulcan couldn’t ask for more.
“I can’t. Just go get a drink.”
“Then what happens?” Vulcan tasted it.
“What can I do? Let’s all sell ourselves.”
The laughter of Havitz and Abella echoed through the hundreds of rooms of the apartment.
“ha ha ha! that’s right! It used to be like that.”
“At that time, how well the uncle played the role of the monster. That’s right, is it really because you’re a monster?”
“Maybe. Fuhahaha!”
Harvits, who was drunk, was amused by anything she said, and was led into the room by Abella’s hand.
Each room had characteristics that allowed her to spend the first night, and the room she entered was a place where perverted acts were performed.
“Do it here?”
“yes. I really wanted to try it.”
From the wedding to the reception to the newlyweds, everything was according to the script that Abella had been taught.
“That’s why I didn’t let people in.”
“why? Do you hate uncle?”
“No, I like this too. Then what shall we do? How about this whip?”
“Whoops, good. But before that, I have something to prepare for.”
“preparation?”
Abella whispered in Havitz’s arms.
“I’m going to tie you up tight.”

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-804.txt
=============YYYYY=============
Law Murder (5)
“where are you?”
As the steel wire caught in the skeleton’s finger swayed, Natasha’s speed increased even more.
“There, right aisle.”
The sumodo that Natasha was wearing on her arm read out Crouch’s movements through the clear poem.
“It has gone too far. What’s over there?”
“doesn’t exist. trying to get as far away as possible
hey. Maybe this could be dangerous.”
As they walked away from Harvitz’s apartment, it was clear that they had specific intentions they didn’t know about.
“Turn left here.”
Turning at right angles, Natasha ran down the long corridor.
“It must be a trap.”
“maybe. But not a trap for us. It is something we have to check.”
The place they arrived at was the dungeon of the imperial castle Marsak, and it was also a dead end on the last floor.
“Here you are.”
Crouch greeted him, holding the severed head in one hand.
“Your throat was cut, how are you alive?”
Natasha said in wonder, but Sumodo realized the seriousness of the situation.
“What are you up to?”
The severed head flashed open his eyes.
“nothing. I am just looking for a place to die.”
“okay?”
Sumodo said.
“catch. Never kill.”
Natasha’s body disappeared as if evaporating, and suddenly appeared with Crouch’s face stolen.
Woo woo woo woo!
With that alone, a strong wind blew through the dungeon.
‘There is no chance of winning in a head-to-head confrontation.’
Since he already knew Natasha’s skills, Crouch happily turned his face.
“amazing. But how do you kill it?”
The corner of Crouch’s mouth went up as Natasha lifted her face to gaze level.
“Come to think of it, I didn’t say this.”
At the same time, the headless body rushed forward and thrust a dagger into Natasha’s abdomen.
“I needed a companion on the way to the underworld.” The uniqueness of the dagger held by Crouch strongly pressed Sumodo’s clumsy poetry.
‘Is that an object?’ suddenly realized
“Damn it!
In a room full of perverted tools, the men and women’s rough breaths heated the air.
Even while they were kissing each other deeply, Alpha Fish and Abella couldn’t hate Havitz.
‘I can’t do it. The mission… … She tells her that assassinating her Harvits is like her homework, something her desire doesn’t force her to do.
It was her will to give back what she had received because an innocent person had died in her place.
“Mister, let’s begin.”
I pushed Havitz’s chest, and he flopped down on the blood-red bed.
Abella, riding on the body of Koopa Koopa Havitz, pulled out the chain handcuffs from the head of the cage and placed them on Havitz’s left hand.
■& “S’ w
—,—-?
As if having fun, Havitz laughed, and Abella kissed her softly and sighed.
‘This time with the right hand.’
The chains made a scratching sound.
“Big!”
Crouch shuddered at the firm sensation felt through the handle of <Law Kill>.
‘It seems to have stabbed a rock.’
She was clearly aiming for the heart, but her muscles were holding the blade as hard as stone.
“You can’t die because you’re a doll?” Natasha pulled Crouch’s face closer as if she wasn’t interested in the blade in her abdomen.
“No, if that’s all you can do is destroy the doll. Do you have multiple lives?”
Crouch was stabbing with all his might, but the dagger was still pushed out by more than half.
“It is weak after all. If he was strong, he would have used the same method as me.”
Natasha is also a doll, but she was confident that she would not be destroyed.
“How many? It won’t be infinite. Even if I die this time, will I come back to life? Shall we experiment?”
Natasha looked into Crouch’s eyes as she asked the question, and smiled as if realizing it.
“Is this the last?”
Sumodo said.
“Natasha, don’t be rash.”
<Law killing>, which is evaluated as mankind’s worst weapon.
‘Law Murder. It’s not a problem to solve here.’
It was my first time seeing it with my own eyes, but considering the brutal history contained in the dagger, I had to approach it carefully.
“Answer me honestly. what are you decorating? What is my intention in <Slaughter>?”
Natasha’s arms swelled as Crouch fell silent.
“Big!”
Crouch’s head, which was caught in both hands, collapsed like a balloon with a thunderous sound.
‘The face skeleton is steel, but it’s monstrous strength.’
For Natasha, who is ruled by incarnations, the limitations of her physical abilities are meaningless.
“Sumodo, what should I do? I don’t think I feel any pain. Then you can’t even torture.”
“no. That’s it.”
Sumodo made the decision.
“Just keep it like this. <Slaughter> changes the law. As long as it’s stuck in your chest, nothing happens.”
“Aha, is that so?”
Crouch’s eyes flashed with despair.
“I’m holding out here. I’ll tell Vulcan and come back. If Abella goes… …
Dang. Dang. Dang.
The moment Sumodo turned around, he heard a bell announcing midnight on the other side of the wall.
“Quack.”
The corners of Crouch’s mouth parted grotesquely.
“I won.”
Sumodo shouted.
“Natasha! Kill!”
As soon as the words fell, all of Natasha’s fingers stood up, and Crouch’s head shattered as if juice were being squeezed out.
‘It’s a good muscle.’
At the end of his life, Crouch twisted the handle of his dagger with all his might.
‘It’s the perfect muscle.’
It was a muscle so strong that even an arrow could bounce off it, so the dagger cut with a clicking sound.
‘It’s not killing people.’ All according to Crouch’s script.
‘Circumstances kill.’
Crouch’s body collapsed, and Natasha finally looked at her heart.
“Sumodo, Dando… …
The blade that was embedded in it faded like an illusion and then slowly disappeared into the air.
“what? What a law!”
Although the effects of <Law Kill> were well known, only Minerva knew the detailed function.
Shouting at the dead would not change anything, so Sumodo turned and left the dungeon.
“We need to inform the Balkans!”
Natasha snatched him like a swallow and galloped off.
“Are you ready?”
Abella’s heart ached at the voice of Havitz, who was excited like a mischievous person.
Dang. Dang. Dang.
Then the bell announcing midnight rang.
‘This is the beginning.’
As if under a mild hypnosis, the moment I heard the sound of the bell, my heart boiled.
“yes. Everything is ready.”
Abella, who had restrained Harvitz’s limbs, raised his upper body with his waist between his legs.
“Hehehe, the woman who rode the emperor. so… … What are you going to do now?”
“If you wait, you will know.”
Abella’s voice was cold, but Havits nodded, thinking that even that was a game.
‘That the bell rang.’
That Crouch was gone in one way or another.
‘‘Slaughter’ is… …
By stabbing Natasha, the target would have been changed and the user’s intent to kill would have been reset.
‘It must have been broken.’
Crouch risked his life to destroy <Math> to find the closest user who hates the target… … .
“mister.”
It will come into the hands of Abella.
“sorry.”
Abella, who was holding <Law Kill> in reverse, looked down at Havitz with a cold gaze.
Havitz blinked as he looked up at the vertically erected dagger, as if to stab himself at any moment.
“It’s not the game I was thinking of.” In Abella’s eyes, there was a clear intent to kill.
had been planted
“I know you did a lot for me. I was able to escape my fate as a witch, and I was able to open a pretty shop… …
The tip of the dagger trembled.
“But you have killed too many people so far. And in the future… …
“pee.”
As Abella shrugged and looked down, Havitz nodded slowly and said,
“If you think so, you can do it that way.”
Abella felt a great fear.
‘What am I doing?’
If riding a single rope is an adult, it felt like the other rope was broken and falling toward infinite freedom.
“I will kill you!”
“know. That’s what you want to do.”
no.
‘That’s not what I want to do! Oh, because he’s a bad person, and that’s why he has to die… …
what I really want to do.
‘I don’t know. I don’t know what to do!’
Who is Habitz, and whether I really deserve to kill this person… … .
‘Who gives that qualification!’
What would happen to the world if Havitz were killed?
‘I don’t know anything!’
perfect chaos.
For the first time in her life to break away from the law, Abella trembled at the vast freedom.
“majesty!”
With a bang, the door opened, and all of the Gustav 4th arts came into the room.
Everyone was mesmerized by the unbelievable sight even though they imagined it.
“Valkan.”
Harvits turned his head.
“Didn’t I tell no one to come in? Today is the day of me and Abella.”
“What are you talking about? You look like you’re going to die soon.”
“scram.”
Havitz looked up at the dagger again.
“When I die, Abella will be the emperor. let me do whatever i want It would be nice to make the whole world a flower garden.”
Zetaro shook his shoulders.
“Puhihit]! That’s so funny! flower
A field.”
Balkan also had no way to tell him that his best friend wanted to spend the first night alone with his wife.
“All right.”
After leaving a futilely short answer, I turned around and the remaining three followed.
The visit is closed.
‘what? did you go away? really?’
“Abella.”
Startled, Abella looked away.
“If there is something you want to do, do it comfortably. It’s something I’ve wanted to do for a long time.”
“Huh?????
Abella’s eyes lit up.
“Why, why are you nice to me? You killed a lot of people! But why are you only doing this to me!”
“Because we are friends.”
The reason was simple.
“Sometimes when I have too much fun with my friends, I kill and die.”
In Abella’s head, she heard the sound of something that had been forming her up until now snapping.
“Black! black!”
Without holding back the falling tears, she spread her upper body like a bow and raised the dagger.
“Aaaaaaa!”
As I crouched down with all my might, letting out a shrieking sound, the flesh of the law became stuck.
Havitz didn’t even blink.
As he brushed his ear, the dagger lodged in the bed suddenly began to vibrate violently.
“Keugh!”
As soon as Abella let go of her hand, <Law Slaughter> was destroyed.
‘Eh, why?’
Kashan, Aganos.
“Uorin.”
When Minerva, accompanied by Jiandao, opened the door roughly, Uorin was seen holding fragments of a porcelain doll.
“… … You didn’t come back.”
Gando didn’t clean for her this time either.
“If I had one left, I was thinking of retiring.”
“For him, retirement would have been death. Let’s think of it as the most wonderful retirement ceremony ever.”
Uorin carefully collected the fragments.
“How about Marsak?”
Minerva gave a thumbs up.
“Succeeded in depriving the target. Alpha Fish seems to have completed its mission properly.”
“??????okay.”
Uorin, who got up from her seat, had a sad feeling on her face.
“Gando, assemble the <Slaughter> team and the Ex-Machina team. From now on, it’s a real game.”
“All right.”
It was the beginning of the Harvitz assassination plan.

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-805.txt
=============YYYYY=============
that winter (1)
Sirone and Minerva wandered all over the world, looking for traces of <Slaughter>.
“Target deprivation.”
said Minerva, sitting on the jet.
“When the user’s intent to kill is reset, it’s called changing the target. And when you destroy the dagger.”
Sirone took her word for it.
“‘The Law Killer’ reappears in front of the closest person capable of eliminating its target.”
“However, if the new user does not kill the target due to a change of heart, <Slaughter> destroys itself and deprives the user.”
Even Sirone didn’t know what happened after that.
“The killing intent of <Slaughter> is strong enough to twist the law. That’s why the moment you can’t kill it, it breaks. To put it in a human way, it was a tantrum.”
“Hate.”
“okay. When deprivation of the object occurs, the hatred of <Law Killing> is maximized. Even if Harbitz is out of the law, it will be a formidable match if it is <Math Murder> that is deprived of the target.” Sirone looked back. “Where will you be?”
“Target deprivation is the maximum value of <Music Killing> function. But the downside is that it doesn’t appear in front of people.”
“Then there is no way to find it.”
“It’s hard, but it’s not like finding a needle in the desert. If <Slaughter> had been born now… …
Minerva’s eyes narrowed in sorrow.
“Because the area must have already been devastated.”
While Sirone’s team was recovering <Math>, the Ex-Machina team went into final inspection.
Thousands of papers with algorithms were attached to the walls, and there were piles of papers on the tables.
“Alpha fish, or pilot fish, enter the aquarium first and create an environment for beta fish to live in.”
Iruki said while sorting out the paperwork.
“The fact that Abella has changed her mind means that Havitz has also accepted her.”
said Gudio, who was writing on the board.
“The strategy that a person born with the fate of a witch would be able to capture Havitz’s heart worked well.”
Iruki nodded.
“I don’t know how sincere Havitz is, but this will somehow bind you to the law.”
It was an alpha fish to create that environment.
“I lost Crouch in return, but… …
After a moment of condolences, Iruki put the last document in the safe and stood up.
“Now, what we have to do is to create the best law to snipe Havitz until we can retrieve the <Slaughter>.”
Agaya opened the door.
“It is said that <Law Killing> in the state of object deprivation does not distort the law. Instead, it becomes the law itself.”
Gudio, Mays and Ness followed.
“In addition to the Gustav 4 skills, there are numerous bulletproof units and facilities protecting Habitz. As long as you live in Marsak, sniping is impossible.”
A fortress that cannot even be approached by non-alpha fish.
“It is our role to make gaps in the fortress.”
Finally, Iruki left the room and arrived at the Ex-Machina device in the basement.
‘I will definitely find it, that gap.’ The door opened, spewing out steam, and the five best Servants in the world entered.
Touhou, Moon Kingdom.
Moon, one of the Seven Kings, was the leader of the 7 Eastern Kingdoms, excluding the Jincheon Empire, and was at the forefront of magic.
“Ugh. Death, death is visible.”
At the entrance of Chiaksan Mountain, the hand holding the bell of the royal shaman trembled.
“I cannot climb. From now on, the only thing waiting for us is darkness deeper than the abyss.”
Chiaksan.
It was a mountain of heavenly blessing, where people had not lived since ancient times because of the steep mountain terrain, and vicious beasts guarded the place.
“Okay, let’s go quickly. I’m waiting for you in the back.”
Minerva pointed to the soldiers of the Moon Kingdom that stretched behind her and said.
“Are you sure you want to go? Although I am a royal shaman, I cannot block this aura.”
Sirone looked up at the snow-covered mountains.
‘This is Mr. Minerva’s… …
When I first met Minerva, the killing spirit that seemed like I was going to lose my mind was dominating the mountain.
“So, if something like this had happened, shouldn’t we have reported it sooner rather than later? After all, kings.”
It was two months ago that disaster came to the Moon kingdom, but the kingdom decided against it for diplomatic reasons.
According to the rumors of the houses, the screams of demon beasts could be heard from the mountain every day.
“It must be the work of <Law Killing>.” Minerva stood next to Sirone.
“The grudge that didn’t kill the target of the murder is endlessly amplified and wipes out everything around it.”
There was no need to move the <Law Kill>, and quite a few creatures would die just with the intent to kill.
“Once you go up. I need to check it out.”
Climbing the mountain along the path made by the wild beasts, Sirone discovered that many of the dead bodies of the beasts were piled up.
“They are all dead.”
Herbivorous animals such as rabbits and deer living on the mountainside were frozen and dead without a single wound.
“Wow! Whoa!”
The lowest-ranking soldiers started vomiting, and then the senior officers also vomited.
“We must stop here. I can’t go any higher!”
The shaman warned again.
“Anyway, I’m weak and fall for it.”
They were also considered elite, but the energy of <Law Killing> that spread over the mountain belonged to Minerva.
“Wait here. Only me and Sirone go up.”
No one objected to Oh Dae-seong’s instructions, and the two headed for the summit through the mid-slope.
“oh my god… …
In the field where even the grass died, the corpses of vicious monsters, goblins born of emotion, and monsters as huge as houses were visible.
“I fought back.”
Minerva’s eyes, which had changed into a girl’s form before she knew it, contained sorrowful emotions.
“First the grasses die, then the herbivores. When there was nothing more to kill, I roamed the mountains and drilled through whatever I came across.”
There were signs of penetration all over the body.
“Whether they have intelligence or not, they instinctively realized that if they couldn’t get rid of that sword that suddenly entered the mountain, they would all die. That’s why I came all the way here after chasing <Slaughter>… …
The result was annihilation.
“That’s the hatred I had for the world.”
Just by looking at the scenery of Chiaksan Mountain, I could see how cruel Minerva’s heart was.
“And now it’s a fragment that can’t be removed and still roams the world.”
The place where the girl arrived was the top of the mountain, where <The Law> was printed like a print in the cold snow.
In an all-white world, only the surroundings of the sword shimmered in purple.
Minerva reached out and drew the dagger.
got it
“That’s why I already gave it to you, but only I can retrieve the <Math> of object deprivation.”
I found <Slaughter>.
“Miss Minerva… …
As Sirone moved to comfort her, a voice was heard from the other side of the mountain.
“You are late. Isn’t the tension relieved when the two busy Oh Dae-seongs go around together?”
Minerva frowned the moment she saw the man stepping on his eyes.
“Mahoro Amanta.” It was the one who turned the world wheel, the Five Stars of the Balance Department.
“It’s the first time I’ve seen Sirone-kun. I should have congratulated you, but I’m really busy with work.”
Minerva returned to her adult form.
“Sirone-kun? They are definitely the same Oh Daesung. Also, isn’t Sirone the one with strong breath?”
Among the Five Great Stars, the person who was most comfortable singing Sirone was Minerva, but Amanta didn’t care.
‘The Five Great Stars of the Balance Department?’
His brown skin was shaved, and wrinkles were deeply engraved around his eyes, showing traces of three waves.
T-r-r-r-r-r-r!
When he clicked his middle finger, a small wheel-shaped world wheel spun between his thumb and index finger.
“so? What did Oh Dae-sung of the busy Balance Department come here for?”
“Now that Buddha is gone, there is no opposite of philanthropy. I was worried that I might be going too far.”
Minerva did not allow Sirone to intervene.
“Ojilap is as wide as the universe. no need to worry about that Because I am doing much better than you.”
“It doesn’t look like that to my eyes.
but.”
T-r-r-r-r-r-r!
The wind-up sound was very annoying.
“Sirone-kun’s philanthropy is only the aspirations of ‘certain’ people, and does not represent the entire world.”
Eventually, Sirone stepped out.
“Isn’t it okay if we can love each other without suffering?”
“Yes, no.”
Amanta was adamant.
“This world is just a ‘background to live in’, there are no rules on how to live.”
The Balance Department promotes all users in the world.
“Sirone-kun is a person with the ability to destroy time. Depending on whether it is used or not, it is a powerful force that can disrupt the order of the world. Therefore, your philanthropy is nothing more than a foul if the ball is not balanced.”
“You allowed me to abort.”
“The Buddha permitted the apostasy, but he did not support you. That is why I came out.”
Minerva asked.
“so? Are you even going to have a fight with us?”
“It’s about striking a balance.”
The world wheel broke away from Amanta’s hand and flew rapidly towards Sirone.
“Sirone! damage!”
Minerva shouted, but Sirone, already angry, grabbed the wheel with her hands.
“Your argument is just an idea. I have no intention of giving up my thoughts.”
Amanta pointed to the sky and twirled her fingers.
“Wrong. It’s not a thought to me. It just triggers the user protection program.”
“What is that… … ?”
“I am the one who realized the center of the universe.” That’s why he was the one who obtained the authority to turn the world wheel without leaning anywhere.
“With that authority, I will seal your fraternity.”
“Sirone! Let go of the world wheel!”
Before Minerva could finish her words, the captured world wheel began to rotate at a tremendous speed.
“Keugh!”
Amanta sent Sirone away.
“No force can overcome the balance.”
Sirone’s wrists twisted, her arms twisted, and finally her whole body, starting with her shoulders, began to rotate.
‘It gets sucked in.’
Already, the whole body was twisted like laundry, and the whole world rotated along with the infinitely growing wheel.
As light and darkness intersect in front of my eyes, my mind began to go into confusion.
joy! red! joy! joy! joy!
When the sound of a huge blade spinning was heard, Sirone regained consciousness.
I was looking at the ceiling, where a metal fan over 200 meters in diameter was spinning.
“Why did you come here, representative of mankind?”
As the unknown language was decoded into Ultima, Sirone suddenly looked around.
It was a dome-shaped space with a wagon wheel pattern engraved on the inner wall.
“Where is this?”
The Terra Force priests surrounding 360 degrees spoke in unison.
“It is a prison of balance. A perfect containment space that restrains things that are out of balance in the universe.”
“How long?”
“You committed a breach of time. You cannot leave this place until Buddha appears in the world.”
“Please call Justice Terraforce.”
“It is the perfect isolation space. It is out of the law, and there is only you, the one who upsets the balance.”
Sirone sighed.
“You allowed me to abort.”
“We have a user protection program. All it does is isolate the error until system recovery is done.”
“No, I don’t mean that… … Shirone shook her head and spoke again.
“Apostasy… … I said it was wrong.”
As the light of Yahweh rose above Sirone’s head, the huge fan on the ceiling stopped moving.
‘Reverse!’
As the speed of the fan, which rotated in the opposite direction, gradually increased, a halo of light was born.
“stop! If you break out of the Prison of Balance without permission… … !”
How did it go?
Since this was unprecedented, even the priests of Terraforce could not speak.
‘Huh!’
As the scenery in front of her eyes changed, the world wheel rotating in reverse returned Shirone’s body.
“What is this?”
Amanta’s eyes shook in shock as Sirone threw the world wheel into the snow and clenched her teeth.
“How to jailbreak… …
Because the concept itself was confined, it was normal that even Yahweh could not escape.
“no way?”
Amanta suddenly realized.
‘There is only one possible case.’
The system does not recognize hex as an error.

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-806.txt
=============YYYYY=============
that winter (2)
‘It is surely possible for Yahweh to reverse the rotation of the world wheel. but… …
If you were already trapped in the prison of balance, it was normal to be completely isolated.
‘Isn’t it an error?’
A being free from the law, not even Terraforce, the guardian of the law, could define him.
‘It’s not just about the strength of Yahweh.’
What this incident tells Amanta is that perhaps this world is not a place to ‘just live’.
In other words, it means that someone who designed this world had a specific intention.
“Why does Hexa exist?”
Sirone couldn’t answer that question.
“It’s good anyway.”
When Amanta held out her hand, the wheel that had been buried in the snow returned with the sound of a cold wind.
T-r-r-r-r-r-r!
law to return.
“Even if the law recognizes fraternity, it doesn’t change that your actions cause a great murder.”
said Minerva.
“But I can’t let the atrocities go unnoticed. Terraforce also destroys the civilization if evil stains the world, right?”
“That’s why I want to dry it.”
Amanta stopped the world wheel.
“Currently there is no Buddha. If even philanthropy cannot destroy atrocities, this world will be tainted with evil to the extreme.”
As a result, Syrone’s philanthropy causes countless casualties in the world.
“It’s enough to punish the atrocities.”
“Even if the Ivory Tower and Gustaf wage an all-out war right now, it will be a difficult war. Would it be possible with <Slaughter>? If I turn the world wheel, both good and evil will subside to some extent.”
Assuming Buddha and Yahweh are absent, Amanta can reduce the number of good and evil to 30 percent of their current level.
Then the world would be worth living.
“Obviously, there is a way to neutralize both camps and delay the destruction. But it is also the extreme of the center.”
Amanta looked back at Sirone.
“I don’t think Yahweh can handle it. If Sirone-kun upsets the balance, I will fight you anytime.”
“Maybe you can’t afford it.” Sirone was adamant.
“But I will handle it.”
Amanta shook her head slowly, but she knew it was pointless to say any more.
“Don’t expect human feelings from me. I am the one who realized the center of the world. It just keeps you in balance.” The world wheel spun rapidly in his hand and absorbed Amanta’s body before disappearing.
Sirone sighed.
“Whoa, I was really scared because I thought I was trapped.”
Minerva approached Sirone, glaring at the place where Amanta had disappeared.
“It’s not something to be taken lightly. In the World Ring, only the center of rotation is intact. If the inertia skews either way, Amanta will shave off the bulge.”
“Even if it’s good.”
Minerva nodded.
“That is the center. Because he knows that clumsy good encourages evil.”
That was the philosophy of Odaeseong of the Balance Department.
“No matter what Amanta thinks, we can just do our job. We’ve also retrieved <Spell Kill>, so let’s go back.”
Clumsy good encourages evil.
‘Am I clumsy?’
As Amanta said, if the day really comes that Yahweh can’t handle… … .
“Yes, go back.”
Although it is Sirone who has risen to the top of the world, the question of the pole only grew.
It snowed heavily once every three days.
“Go out! It’s a departure!”
Except for 70% of Gustav Empire’s troops fighting the Holy War, all soldiers advanced to the Republic of Kotria.
What is different from the usual is that this time, he intends to occupy the Republic of Korea.
As if revealing the will of the Balkans, the elite 1st Army, an infantry unit, had joined the 30% army.
“We have to tear down the walls of Bashken, the capital of Korea.”
At Vulcan’s command, a man over two meters tall with black hair protruding protruded prostrated himself.
“I will definitely fall.”
First Commander, Ogent Guy.
Ryan’s eldest brother, he was originally a certified 6th grade swordsman in Tormia, but he learned something through his long espionage life.
‘A truly strong sword does not require miscellaneous beliefs.’
Abandoning his country only for the sword, he settled in the Gustav Empire four years ago.
‘The essence of a sword is only cutting.’ Nickname is Berserker.
As a first-class swordsman certified by Gustav and the commander of an army of 600,000, he was proving his sword.
Vulcan understood Guy.
‘Even if it’s a family member, there will be no mercy for the berserker’s sword.’
Doubt believe that you will capture Bashken
didn’t hit
During the final defense of the Republic of Korea, Kashan secretly moved the Ex-Machina.
The location was a small village 84 kilometers from Bashken, and the next day the rookie and the card players arrived.
“Isn’t ‘Slaughter’ delivered properly?”
Iruki replied.
“Sirone won’t make a mistake. He will be preparing to snipe from High River Hill.”
Haigang is the lower Gurunji, an area 142 km from Bashken.
“It is the best place within the radius of the Ex-Machina. Sirone and Minerva decided to help with the detailed work.”
said Ness.
“It’s a real match from the moment <Slaughter> passes the 80 kilometer mark. There shouldn’t be an inch of error.”
“Havitz has marched out to capture the Republic of Korea, but the defense is still strong.”
Normally, <Law Kill> wouldn’t be able to penetrate the many obstacles and get stuck in Havitz’s heart.
“The sniping time was 7 days, 3 hours, 31 minutes and 28.463 seconds. These coordinates are the only gap we found.”
The people playing the card game nodded.
“There is still time. Let’s check until the end to see if we missed anything.”
“More, more firepower! Almost done! Can you see the fear of the Cotria bastards!”
By the time the cold of winter reached its peak, the 1st infantry unit of the Gustav Empire was on the verge of capturing the castle.
The Republic of Korea sent its own great swordsman to induce Ilto, but Ogent Guy decapitated him in 12 moves.
“A monster, a monster!”
Wearing iron armor heavier than his body and wielding a long sword, Gai looked like a demon.
A whopping 20 percent of the 1,000 troops died at his hands, and eventually Kotria locked the gates tightly.
“Sheesh! Why are you wasting time?” If the charter had tilted this far, it would have been normal if the white flag had already flown.
‘Is there another target?’ I was even more curious because there was no report from Vulcan that the Ex-Machina was in operation.
“It doesn’t matter.”
Above the sea of corpses, Gai drew his sword and turned toward the garrison.
“If you pierce anything, it’s enough.”
Even though he abandoned everything for the sword, the swordsman’s temperament still belonged to the Ogent family.
The officials of the Gustav Empire, who controlled the noble district of Bashken, were busy collecting the spoils.
“Kyaaak! Help me!”
Valuable items, broken or not, were swept away in bundles, and young women were enslaved on the spot.
While the highest nobles gathered in the square and knelt, Habitz and Abella appeared.
“You wicked bastard! Do you think the world will go your way!”
The first-class nobleman shouted with his eyes wide open, but he was immediately hit by a hedgehog with the spear of the army.
Abella’s gaze at the scene
was calm.
‘This is my destiny.’
It is true that after being baptized by Havitz, the single line in my head was cut off.
However, it must have been because of his childhood experiences that his heart was less disturbed even in such a dreary landscape.
“Abella.”
Havitz affectionately wrapped his arms around Abella’s shoulder.
“Once you capture the castle, I will give you everything that comes out of this country.”
Since Havitz was everything in the world, Abella wanted nothing.
“That’s Okay. All it takes is one of the prettiest flowers in the country.”
“good. then… …
Havitz walked over to the dead nobleman.
“dad! dad!”
Young children hugged their father’s corpse and cried, but Havitz’s expression did not change.
“You bastard! I must… … Gagging!”
Before he could finish his words, the spear pierced his lungs.
“Hmm, what are we going to do now?”
After marrying Abella, Havitz was happy, but his cruelty was not blunted in the slightest.
Vulcan raised an eyebrow.
‘It’s not because I’m angry and killed.’
For Havitz, the world was just a square and a playground, coming and going.
“no! Free my daughter! rather me… … !”
Seeing someone’s family die and become enslaved, Havitz sang.
“The shelter of my love… …
such a beautiful voice.
“Become my flower and bloom in my heart.”
Even the vibration of your delicately trembling lips seems to mock the world… … .
“You are not human! you are the devil! Say no to evil!”
Families of the victims had blood vessels burst in their eyes.
“Where are the cheeky things!”
Another spear flew, and by the time the song ended, half of the nobles were dead.
“good.”
Harvitz, who finished the song calmly, looked around the plaza and pointed to an alley.
“Bring the author.”
The beggar, unable to escape because of his legs, was leaning against the wall, trembling.
“Aww! Help me!”
Havitz knelt down and put his hand on his head.
“From now on, you are the king of this country.”
“Ahh… … OMG… …
Then, he directly stuffed his sword into the beggar’s waist and gave instructions.
“The king is the one who rules everything. Prove your worth with this sword. Then everyone will worship you.”
Although he lived a hungry life, he was quick to notice, so the beggar looked back at the nobles with frightened eyes.
‘If I can’t rule, I will die.’ As I limped and approached the nobles, eyes of disgust shot from all sides.
The beggar drew his sword and pointed the point at the middle-aged woman’s chin.
“I, worship me. Kneel before me and swear to follow me.”
“Two!”
The middle-aged woman spit on the beggar’s face.
“this!”
Sanity broke, and the sword descended vertically and cut the woman’s face exactly in half.
No one was screaming, and the beggar let out a heavy breath and looked around and shouted.
“Keep your head down! I mean obey me!”
“right… …
Everyone bowed their heads toward the beggar.
“Our King!”
The sight of the highest nobles worshiping made the beggar feel so happy that his spirit flew away.
“Puhahaha! okay! i am the king! I am now… … omg!”
Havitz approached me from behind, hugged me by the shoulder, and tapped me with the palm of my hand.
“how is it? Isn’t the king fun too?”
“yes? Ah yes! Best! majesty! I will serve you for the rest of my life!”
The beggar was excited.
“No, since you are the king, there is no need to serve me. You just have to have fun.”
Havitz pointed to the nobles and said.
“It’s all yours. Enjoy it.”
Returning to the soldiers, Havitz took off the Emperor’s cloak and threw it high into the sky.
Zetaro asked.
“What’s wrong? Where are you uncomfortable?”
“No, I thought this would be fun. I’m sick of being emperor. I will become a beggar from now on.”
“Ughhhh! Would that be fun?”
When Zetaro turned his head, Sumodo and Natasha also nodded, showing their colors.
Balkan said.
“Don’t get too carried away. I am still… …
“let’s go! It is a beggar rebellion!”
As the three of them, already absorbed in the game, ran to the private house, Vulcan said to Abella.
“Why don’t you dry it off?”
Abella shook her head with a bitter smile.
“Who’s stopping that personality?”
The beggar carried on the back of the nobleman brandished a sword.
“From now on, women wash my body. Guys, get clothes that suit me! Got it!”
“… … all right.”
It was the height of chaos.

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-807.txt
=============YYYYY=============
that winter (3)
High River Hills.
Beta fish Jysteen looked down at the meadow in front of her and focused her mind.
‘father.’
It was decapitated right in front of her eyes with a sound like that of a livestock being choked.
‘mother.’
I was horribly abused.
‘My precious family, even the families of those families… …
One day, suddenly, without knowing why, her life was hit by a carpet bombing.
‘I wasn’t comfortable either.’
The reason he was able to save his life during the bombing was probably because his own life was more important than his family.
‘sorry. mom and dad.’
The moment I realized one thing I had been ignoring and living for, tears poured down like a waterfall.
‘I wanted to live.’
To comfort her at her young age, her life was dotted with all sorts of cowardice.
‘And the nameless someone who would have died in my place.’
He could have escaped Havitz’s net because he mistook a certain child for J-Steen.
“Mr. Jaysteen, it’s time.”
Sirone and Minerva came from both sides.
‘I’m done!’
In her eyes, which flashed upwards, there was the most intense anger in the world.
“Through this… …
When Sirone opened the lid of the red metal box, the <Spell> gave off a bloody smell.
and vibrated.
“Is that weird?”
The 1st Commander Gai, who was attacking Bashken’s castle, came to Vulcan and reported it.
“yes. Even though the castle is already isolated, it neither activates the Ex-Machina nor gives up.”
“Hmm.”
Guy is a madman.
‘But that’s how trust goes.’ He doesn’t have the ability to read military discipline dispassionately, but his intuition about war is as keen as a Vulcan’s.
“What are you up to?”
“There is no reason not to activate the Ex-Machina. Maybe it’s preparing for a blow of conversion that we don’t know about… …
Vulcan’s eyes flashed open.
“Damn it!”
Guy raised his head.
“Why is that?”
It was not something to tell others.
“no. You lead the riot squad right now and go to the outer castle gate. No one should be allowed into the capital.”
“The outer castle gate has already been breached. No additional troops from the crusade are being reported… …
“It’s something only you can do.” Vulcan added.
“You will not be disappointed.”
That was enough for Guy.
“All right.”
Gai was a key word in the Balkans in that nothing was asked as long as he could wield a sword.
The Vulcan, who had launched Guy, strode towards the temporary barracks.
‘Ex-Machina, and <Law Killing>. damn! It was all a set procedure from the beginning.’
All I heard from Abella was that Kashan had sent her to kill Havits.
‘She must have lied. Harvits assassination is from now on.’
Vulcan entered the barracks and shouted.
“Prepare the entire army to retreat! Deploy all available personnel and bring His Majesty the Emperor!”
“yes? But why retreat now…”
Vulcan did not give his subordinates a chance to refute.
“What about the Empress?”
“He is resting in a noble residence.”
Vulcan, who quickly finished arming himself, nodded and pulled up the tent in the barracks.
‘I hope it’s not too late… …
Jaysteen said.
“I was afraid. Even with the deaths of countless people on my back, I just turned a blind eye. I thought I could run away.”
〈Slaughter of the Law〉, in which object deprivation took place, loses its purpose and retains arrogance while the end is unknown.
“Thank you for giving me this opportunity.”
J-Steen held <Slaughter> in his hand.
“This is the dagger.”
As the intent to kill permeated the dagger, a scream was heard as if the sky was being torn apart.
Sirone swallowed his saliva.
‘Perhaps this is Minerva’s cry as a child.’
It was terrible.
“I will begin.”
Sirone took out an atomic clock made of material and measured the time to snipe the law.
“41.331 seconds left until the coordinates designed by Iruki.”
The number on the electronic board dropped below 30 seconds.
“You won’t be able to hit it right.”
Even if J-Steen was good at sniping, it was difficult to catch 1/1000th of a second.
“That’s why we are here. I will coordinate the law while communicating with Iruki.”
Minerva added.
“So don’t think about time. What we want from you is hatred that cannot be compared to anything else.”
“I am sure of that.”
With 10 seconds left, J-Steen closed her eyes.
‘Havitz.’
In her image, Havitz became a huge flame, flicking the devil’s tongue.
‘Not for the sake of the world.’
Because it’s not middle five.
‘Only my personal grudge. therefore… …
The flames of the image exploded and the face of J-Steen shedding bloody tears was born.
‘die!’
Sirone said.
“Four seconds.”
Jysteen, who grieved at this, grabbed the dagger and spread her legs wide apart.
“Yaaaaaaa!”
She let out a scream as if her throat would be torn apart and bounced her upper body, then threw it as if she were spraying <Law Kill>.
“… … AA AA AA!”
The most extreme way hate can choose.
bang!
As the air exploded like thunder, the trajectory of <False> stretched out like a clothesline.
“depart!”
Sirone and Minerva chased <Law Kill>, but it had already disappeared from sight.
‘That’s a lot of speed. what the hell is this… …
Only the screams of <Law Killing>, which contained 14 years of resentment, filled the place belatedly.
“Sirone! get on!” Minerva, unlike usual, came to the side with Jet between her legs.
“I will fly at full speed. my huh
Grab Lee.”
“Could you fly faster?”
“huh.”
Sirone frowned.
“Then why didn’t you fly like that?”
“It vibrates too much.”
After looking down, Minerva turned to Sirone and showed a bright smile.
“Once you taste it, you can’t stop.” Shirone, who was dazed for a moment, shook her head and removed her hand from Minerva’s waist.
“I have to stop this time.”
“I’ll be patient. and grab your waist It will make you feel better than you think.”
Why do you hate to catch more?
The jet flew at great speed, creating a slight vibration.
At the same time as the sonic boom exploded, Minerva raised her head and groaned.
“Haaaaa… …
Just as Sirone was about to say something, Iruki’s voice entered his head.
– Sirone! I can hear? It was a telepathic magic practiced for about a year, and it was possible to communicate at a distance with the advantage of the breakaway type.
“I can hear. But there is some noise mixed in.”
-It’s because it’s far away. It’s hard just to maintain the spirit zone. How about <Law Murder>?
Where Sirone turned his head, he could see <Swordsman> flying alongside Jet.
“Tan is unharmed. What should I do now?”
– It was a bit fast. Can you slow down the speed of 〈Slaughter〉 by about 80 centimeters per second?
“I’ll try.”
As Sirone, who had floated the light of Yahweh, created a thin film of air in front of her, the vibration of <Spells> intensified.
-yes. little bit more. it’s okay.
Sirone’s eyes widened as he entered the forest 98 kilometers from Bashken.
‘You mean you designed all of this?’
Even if a single twig was caught, the law would be reversed, but <The Law> penetrated countless gaps as it were.
Above the head of a deer drinking water from Ongdalsaem, below the belly of a wildcat attacking a rabbit… … .
-This is medicine. Most of the data is concentrated in the capital city. We’ll do it from the 80 kilometer mark.
As they passed the village where the Ex-Machinas were located, Iruki’s voice became clearer.
“I will follow.”
I felt obligated to check the results.
-Gustav’s troops are all over the place. The horsepower control system is also fully operational. Get out of the water entrance.
“okay.”
After passing through several cities, the outer gate of the capital, Bashken, finally came into sight.
“Iruki, the troops are lined up.”
-doesn’t care. Because he had already adjusted the law to result in Havitz’s death.
Since Ex-Machinas do calculations outside of tuning, even Iruki couldn’t grasp every aspect of his troops.
“Someone is coming!”
Iruki’s voice became thick again.
-… … Fine… … . anyway… … law… … .
<Law Kill> penetrated the castle gate without an error of one millimeter along the only gap guarded by all soldiers.
“What, what?”
Just as the soldiers looked back in bewilderment, an ironclad knight over 2 meters in height pulled out his sword.
“Yeaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!”
Just looking at the sight of the ground exploding, it was not human speed.
“damage!”
As Minerva twisted Jett’s head, the wind pushed back, and Gai cut through the wind pressure and struck down with his longsword.
Sirone was stunned.
‘ This???????’
Even while avoiding with teleportation, he clearly confirmed the opponent’s will engraved in the flash.
‘Ogent’s swordsmanship?’
The ground cracked with a roar, and Sirone and Minerva landed across the line.
“what? Did you avoid it?” The tall knight straightened his back and slung his longsword over his shoulder.
‘The horse is a long sword… …
It was longer and thicker than Lian’s sword.
“As expected, it was good that I joined Gustav. If you are next to the military, you can have a lot of fun wars.”
The moment he said that and took off his helmet, Sirone’s eyes shook in shock.
“Lian?”
No, it had a slightly stronger skeleton, was older, and above all, had black hair.
Guy wiggled his thick eyebrows.
“How rare. I never thought I would hear my brother’s name here.”
“If it’s a younger brother… …
I remembered what I heard from Temuran.
“Ogent Guy?”
“Hoo?”
Gai looked at Sirone as if he was interested.
“who are you?”
A terrifying life raged.
“Uh ha ha ha! I am a beggar!”
Excluding the Balkans, Gustaf’s 4th class went into private houses and harmed people at random.
When it comes to killing skills, Natasha has the upper hand, but Zetaro’s act was terrible and Sumo Do was evil.
“You fools! What are you doing here!”
Vulcan came running with Abella.
“Tell me? Where is Harvits?” Natasha shrugged her shoulders.
“I don’t know. I was hoping to see who kills more. He must have entered the private house over there.”
Sure enough, screams were heard.
“damn! Prepare to retreat quickly! leave!”
“Is the war over already?”
“no. The castle is on the verge of fall. but
That’s not the point. Let’s get out of here for now.”
It was the first time that Vulcan was so flustered.
“What is it?”
Without time to answer, Vulcan took Abella to the place where the screams erupted.
“Convince Havitz! We have to leave the capital.”
“Al, I see.”
Because there is Havitz where there is a scream, I opened the door to the private house without having to get lost.
“Come on! I am the tagger!”
The house was a mess, and Havitz was chasing after the family with a rugged sword from the smithy.
“honey! Come this way!”
As the mother with her young child in her arms ran up the stairs in the attic, Havits swerved and fell.
“Please save me. please… …
As the husband hugged his wife and son and prayed, Havitz raised his head.
“Yeah, it’s a dead end.”
Vulcan shouted.
“majesty! Dodge quickly! I guarantee you, if you don’t open the water now, you’ll die!”
A miraculous relief appeared on the faces of the family.
‘I lived. We lived.’
Havitz looked back in a prone state.
“You die?”
His eyes lit up with fearful longing, and he hurriedly climbed the stairs.
“Kyaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!”
Vulcan sighed as he touched his forehead at the sight of Habitz slaughtering his family.
“It’s like pouring oil on a burning fire.”
This is because it is more fun to kill a family member who is overcome with relief than to kill oneself.
‘No, maybe… …
cried Abella.
“honey! quick! A strange weapon will kill you!”
Balkan dried up.
“No, that’s all right. Just leave it alone.”
“yes? What do you mean?”
“The combination of the Ex-Machina and <Law Killing>. And what this side can offer is complete chaos.”
Maybe Havitz is the answer.

=============ZZZZZ=============
