=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-1109.txt
=============YYYYY=============
Human unknown (2)
Seeing Kayden behaving strangely, Maya put on a dazed expression.
Cayden, who raised his head slightly, witnessed the self-indulgence of his right hand again and hurriedly pulled his arm.
“shit! driving me crazy.”
“Kaden, are you okay?”
“Ah, that… …
There was nothing to say.
“what’s the matter?”
The entertainers who use the same aisle came out into the hallway, and Reina, the representative of the troupe, entered the room.
“what’s the matter? why?”
The crowd’s eyes turned to Kayden, who was covered with a blanket.
Maya didn’t know how to explain, but Cayden’s face flushed red.
“Hmm.”
Reina, who grew up with her siblings, guessed it roughly.
“I thought something big had happened. Maya, never mind. It’s because you’re healthy. But, Mr. Caden, please pay attention to the sound at dawn.”
‘Oh, no.’
I tried to make up for it somehow, but my tongue did not move in front of the eyes of many people.
Reina pulled Maya by the shoulder and headed for the door.
“Let’s go, Maya.”
Then softly whispered.
“I know you’re classmates, but be careful. I’ve been watching him for a while, and his actions seem gloomy and a bit perverted.”
“Ah yes.”
Maya wanted to say that she wasn’t that kind of person, but honestly, she wasn’t sure.
“now! all go in I’ll call you in the morning, so get a good night’s sleep.”
Reina dismissed the towers, and in the empty hallway, Maya looked back at Caden’s visit.
Meanwhile, Kayden, who hurriedly put up her pants dance, was on the verge of tears.
‘shit. Fool.’
It would have been better to walk around the town of Jive naked.
If Maya isn’t there.
‘Let’s go back to Tormia. What kind of article is a guy like me? Even if I stay here, it will only cause trouble to people.’
He is just a human being who is suited to drawing the face of the woman he loves in a gloomy room all day long.
Following the knock, Maya’s voice was heard.
“Can I come in for a minute?”
Caden’s heart sank.
‘Not now. Tell me how to look at your face.’
Just when I was about to say no, Maya continued.
“There is something I really want to say. It’s important.” Caden opened the door and Maya entered the room with a gentle smile.
She slowly looked around the room and turned her head.
“Are your hands okay?”
“huh? ah… … Cayden, who was looking at his right hand resentfully, let out a sigh and spoke frankly.
“Sorry. You’re right. I ended up looking stupid. What should I apologize for… …
“are you okay. It’s not the first time.” Cayden’s right hand is out of control
I know that.
What you don’t know… … .
“Which one is the truth?”
“huh?”
“You are always nice to me, but on the other hand, your right hand is always trying to do sloppy things. I honestly don’t know what you want.”
“Absolutely not! What a stupid idea! I never dreamed of such a thing!”
Cayden waved his hands.
However, only the left hand moved, and the right hand was sending an OK sign with the thumb and forefinger curled.
As Maya’s expression darkened, her right hand raised a thumb.
“Ah, stop!”
Cayden made a crackling noise and slapped his right arm.
Maya said as the left and right hands unfolded again.
“Kaden, I’ve been thinking a lot since you confessed. But also I… … I still can’t seem to forget Sirone.”
The right arm slowly descended.
Caden’s right arm always falls asleep when the name Sirone is mentioned.
“That, yes. I’m not expecting anything in particular… …
“but.”
Maya continued.
“I am trying to forget. Because Shirone has Amy. I can’t hold on to Sirone forever either.”
Caden’s heart beat fast.
“Still, I can’t promise. but… … could you give me a little time Would it be rude to ask such a favor?”
“No, no. can wait I can wait a lifetime, no, forever.”
It was an absurd answer, but Maya was able to laugh.
“I am grateful that you always worry about me. good night.”
“Oh yeah. you also… …
After Maya left, Caden, who had been nailed to the bed for a long time, collapsed onto the bed.
“You will sympathize.”
How pathetic and pitiful it must have been.
“Black.”
My eyes were red with tears.
“I didn’t say no.” The fate of the Red Cross is impossible to achieve what one desperately desires.
It was the first hope that came to Kayden, who had lived under the enormous law.
“I said you can wait.”
They are breaking out of the frame God created.
‘Maybe I can.’
His right hand reached over his wet eyes and gently covered them.
What happened at the tug’s quarters was a trivial incident, but Lai’s nerves were on edge.
‘Today, he must have been bad.’
I didn’t even think about it anyway.
As I passed the towing area and passed the teacher area, I saw someone approaching in the distance.
I knew it just by looking at the limp gait.
‘Parka Quan.’
When Lai put her legs together and said hello, Kuan also gave a short nod.
“Where are you on your way?”
Kuan said without stopping.
“I’m just walking for a while because I’m frustrated.”
Quan’s honorific expression was uncomfortable with Lai.
“You can keep your voice down. I am uncomfortable.”
Lai was superior in terms of position, but Kuan was a great swordsman that the world watched.
Rai asked as Quan passed by without saying yes or no.
“Why did you refuse the position of captain of the Guard?”
Kuan’s steps stopped.
“It may be presumptuous, but I heard that there is affection. Even if it’s not for that reason, I think Mr. Kuan is more suitable than me.”
‘Shina.’
I hadn’t met him once since arriving at the temple.
One-eyed, one-armed, lame.
‘Hehehe.’
What kind of dreams are those who are limbless telling themselves to dream?
“work hard.”
Quan took another step and spat out.
“A one-armed man cannot fight while protecting someone.”
When Lai turned around, Quan was already out of sight.
“Heresy!”
When Vanissa, caught in the Miracle Stream, shouted, her jaw dropped and rattled.
Sirone swung the smoke of light with a full swing, and with a thump, Vanissa crashed into the wall.
‘Oops!’
If it were a normal human, every bone in his body would have been shattered.
“Huh”
Vanissa stood up in her broken state.
‘It’s Dina.’
Imprisoned in the prison of his body, he was beyond death.
What is different from Lian is that his information is not reproduced.
“stop.”
Sirone said with sincerity.
“Just because you don’t die doesn’t mean you are alive. If you damage your body further here, it will just turn into a piece of meat.”
Like the living god of the other side world.
“Stupid.”
Madness flashed in Vanissa’s eyes.
“Nothing will change.”
Sirone wrapped the smoke of light at the now inhuman shape that charged again.
“Kuaaa!”
Where the light hits, black ash scatters
all.
‘As expected, it can’t be purified.’
It just burns up and disappears.
If the light of agape continues to flow like this… … Is there really anything left of him?
“Give up. You became a demon in a human body. For demons, purification is only extinction.”
“Aagh!”
All of Vanissa’s ribs jutted out of her body, stretching like a spider’s legs except for one that was broken.
“Body, mind, heart, and emotions—sharp bones like spears flew toward the scruff of Sirone’s neck.
“I exist only for the glory of God!”
“damn!”
Agape’s light exploded, sending Vanissa flying into the darkness of the hallway.
“Whoa.”
Wiping the sweat from under my chin as I walked forward, I saw a body burnt like charcoal.
A groan escaped through his missing jaw.
“ah??????
Still, it seems that something remains.
“here is… … Where are you?”
“prison.”
While savoring Sirone’s words, Vanisa stared at the ceiling with eyes wide open.
“Then can I leave now?” Sirone couldn’t answer.
“I can’t seem to get out. It seems God has not forgiven me.”
It was the third immortal man Sirone had met.
‘Why can’t I die?’ Rihanna, Gauld, and Vanisa.
“I see, Yahweh.”
A hoarse voice leaked out.
“God has ordained your outcome. you can never win With tears of blood… … . Kuck.”
Puffy, charcoal-turned facial muscles
this is broken
“Greuk. That’s right.”
Looking at the body that could not convey any information, Sirone slowly turned around.
Woo woo!
The screams echoed.
From 4:30 in the morning, lights were turned on in the windows of the Delta headquarters one by one.
From 5:00, people were busily walking around, and delegations from each department of the temple arrived in Delta.
“Ugh, uncomfortable.”
As Seriel of the World Health Organization stretched herself, she saw a familiar face in the distance.
“huh’?”
It was Amira, who graduated from magic school together and worked for the World Climate Organization.
“and! Amira!”
“Oh, Seriel! It’s been a really long time. I heard you.”
While exchanging news, Dorothy and Liz, who had been there earlier, approached.
“Hello nice to meet you.”
Dorothy attended the temple as Iruki’s representative, and Liz as a director of the Nade Group.
“Anyway, is Iruki really not coming? Words will come out in public speeches.”
Dorothy shook her head.
“I don’t know. Even the news is two pieces. Since Sirone doesn’t say much, it’s okay, but… …
Liz rubbed her shoulder.
“don’t worry. He must be hanging out somewhere strange. They are just like that.”
In the midst of small talk, Seriel looked around.
‘Didn’t Amy come?’
Then, her brow crumpled.
“Hey, are these familiar faces?” Fermi was approaching, sipping her coffee.
Since there was no one who had not been beaten by him during school days, the expressions of the women were obviously not good.
However, the feelings Seriel felt were different from that.
‘I didn’t want to run into him.’
said Liz.
“long time no see. Are you clear? After being politicized like that at school, I finally came to the political arena.”
Fermi shrugged.
“haha! Wouldn’t you be willing to burn this body if it was helpful for the world?”
After replying like that, he winked at Seriel.
“I read the thesis well. Your analysis of emotional illness is excellent.”
“… … What are you doing?”
“what?”
“Why are you talking to me? Is it because you don’t know what you did? You turned a lot of people into drug addicts.”
“That’s why I say it. how is it? I have a good idea… …
The moment Fermi put a hand on his shoulder, Seriel slapped him on the arm.
“Don’t touch me.”
As Fermi licked his lips, Jive’s moderator approached.
“The official temple ceremony will begin soon. Conference attendees, please gather in the main conference hall.”
One by one, the women returned to their Buddhas, and Seriel walked past Fermi and gritted her teeth.
“You see me later.”
Looking at her back as she walked away, Fermi smiled.
“It’s still chilly.”
Just like back in school days.

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-111.txt
=============YYYYY=============
[111] Report card at the end of the semester (3)
“Of course it is strange. But that’s just the realm of the senses. It’s a sentence that doesn’t have any problems mathematically.”
Iruki’s pride in mathematics was enormous. How bad would it have been for humanities teachers to have given the exam paper a score of 0?
Sirone decided to use the last resort.
“Aren’t you going to get promoted?”
“Huh! shit!”
Iruki couldn’t help but fall to his knees at those words. He died when he died, but he didn’t want to become one of Kanis’ juniors.
As Iruki returned to solving the problem, Shirone returned to her seat and sighed.
‘If I do this in a real test, it’s terrible, really.’
Nade asked, taking his eyes off the book as if he had suddenly thought of it.
“Ah, come to think of it, the practical exam is next week. Did you guys practice a lot?”
Shirone and Iruki asked at the same time.
“What test is it?”
“Damn it. didn’t you know what it was? It’s a heartbeat test. Spirit Zone Endurance Assessment.”
“Do I really need to practice? Sirone and I can get more than 80 points. Why are you anxious?”
“no. Still, there are many variables in practice. Unlike other items, it is a relative evaluation. If others do better, our score goes down. I wonder if I should point it out at least once.”
“It’s okay, it’s okay. I don’t have time.”
Iruki focused on solving the problem without listening to it with the back of his ear. If you deal with the spirit zone at the class five level, how much will you deal with? Iruki thought that the practical exam was an unconditional pass.
Sirone said while solving a math problem.
“Let me pass too. I just can’t afford to worry about that.”
Nade also had his own confidence. But it was also true that he would have a hard time getting a higher score than the first two.
‘hmm. What do we do?’
If you think it’s really difficult, just ask. But taking up friends’ time just because you’re anxious is like using the rules.
‘I don’t know. I just need to be in the top 10 anyway.’
Nade stopped thinking and started studying. The effectiveness of a study group is destroyed if each person fails to do their share of 33.3 percent.
We do our best to cooperate for the benefit of the whole, but the result is not something that others win anyway.
* * *
Image Zone Practice Center.
Originally, it was the time when the advanced class integration class was held, but currently there were only class five students.
It was the infamous practice evaluation period that drove Sirone into a corner several times. In particular, with the end of the semester approaching, students’ tension was higher than ever.
Entering the Image Zone, Ethella spread out the 20-meter-diameter Spirit Zone as always and began to explain.
“The item to be evaluated today is the Mental Beat Test. It’s a test of how long you can sustain a change in the spirit zone.”
Ethella extended both hands left and right and pointed far away. A black rod of unknown material rose high, and unknown characters were engraved on the surface.
“The evaluation standard is 20 meters in diameter, which is the distance from end to end of the rod. If you are in a lower spirit zone, you cannot take the test. Of course, none of you will be less than 20 meters.”
Etella contracted the Spirit Zone. When the number on the electric signboard measuring the volume of the zone fell below 2 cubic meters, a buzzer sounded from the sound device.
“When the buzzer sounds, it is one cycle. The measurement time is 30 seconds and points are awarded according to the number of beats in the spirit zone. I rarely practiced with the recorder on, so I’ll show you a demonstration first.”
When Etela sent a signal, the image zone’s mind beating mode activated. At the same time, Etela’s spirit zone thumped like a heart, repeating expansion and contraction.
“wow… … .”
The sight of a 20-meter-diameter spirit zone dropping to less than 2 meters in diameter and then unfolding again in an instant was spectacular. The cycle was not particularly fast, but the repeated contraction and expansion was intense, as if reminiscent of an explosion.
pop! pop! pop! pop!
The sound machine, one of Image Zone’s functions, calculated the speed of expansion and exploded.
It wasn’t just about implementing sound to add excitement. Understanding the intangible image zone with the five senses provided the highest efficiency for magic training.
After 30 seconds, the number 30 points appeared on the notification board. It was like beating once a second.
According to my seniors, I had to get at least 90 points to get into the promotion cutoff. 3 beats per second. Based on Etella’s demonstration, the children finally checked the strategies they had prepared so far.
After the demonstration, Etella put her hands behind her back and said.
“In practice, it is often necessary to convert zones of various shapes at high speed. Mental pulse is the basic training, so it is important to keep working hard even after practical training is over. Then we will proceed with the evaluation.”
Based on the results of the speed gun test they took the other day, the children started coming out from the back row. As expected, most of the rankings were similar to last time, probably because it is difficult to improve one’s skills in one or two months.
With the students recording their grades one by one, with the lowest score being 48, Nade’s turn came. Since he was in the upper-middle rank in the speed gun test, he had no choice but to take the test much earlier than Shirone and Iruki.
“Nade, do your best.”
“Whoa, I’m nervous.”
Nade entered the image zone with the support of Sirone and Iruki, closed his eyes and focused his mind. She opened her eyes with a start-up sound and her spirit zone expanded. John beat at a rapid pace, like a heart beating with all its might.
“wow! What is this, Nade?”
The children’s eyes widened. It had only been 10 seconds, but it was already breaking 50 points. The beat of 5 times per second came as a tremendous force to the people watching.
“Weren’t you originally in the middle rank? At this level, you will definitely enter the top ranks, right?”
“After playing with Sirone, your skills improved a lot, right? If we knew it would be like this, we would join the study group.”
“I know. Aren’t those kids studying hard these days? Even Iruki, who was idle every day, never skipped a class.”
After 30 seconds, Nade’s grades came out. Episode 173. Accelerating in the last 10 seconds helped improve the score.
“Good job, Nade.”
Etella recorded the score with a hearty smile. She felt even better because the disciple she was in charge of was doing well.
‘Well, I expected this much from the beginning.’
Nade came back with his tongue out as if embarrassed. After high-fiving her friends, he said as he sat down.
“Whoa, I thought I was going to die from nervousness.”
“good job. once passed one It’s just the two of us left.”
As if stimulated by Nade, the subsequent participants took the test with all their might. However, scores higher than 173 never came out.
With Nade sticking to first place, Iruki, who is second to last, entered the image zone. Iruki, who was standing without any sign of nervousness, activated his Servant ability as soon as he started.
The method of designing the expansion and contraction mechanism in advance and repeating it like a machine would not be very useful in practice, but it produced the highest efficiency in the test.
The score thus obtained is 210 points.
The children looked at the score with absurd expressions. It was a number that could not come out without recording 7 beats per second like a machine without increasing or decreasing the speed.
“Ha, that’s great too. Is even the mind an equation? You bastard, you probably didn’t do this right.”
“You can’t. Because it’s a Servant. It must be hard for even Sirone to win this time, right?”
Then I heard a voice pouring cold water on the heated heat from behind.
“Heh, talking about scores that aren’t a big deal. Class Five seems to be a gathering place for pathetic people.”
The moment the hot students looked back, each one opened his eyes wide with an expression as if he had seen a ghost. Kanis and Arin, who were supposed to be enrolled in the next semester, were watching the practical evaluation.
Etella, who was recording the students’ scores, asked.
“huh? Those two, what’s going on?”
“The principal said it would be nice to go on a field trip. I have come to see how the test is conducted.”
“Oh, I see. then come this way Because it looks good from here.”
Kanis’ brow wrinkled. Does that woman really have a quarrel with her master? She was not in a hurry during the battle, but when she watched the class, she was like an idiot.
‘Are you doing this on purpose? Or are you really stupid?’
In any case, it was also true that he was interested in exams. Kanis took Arin and stood behind the participants.
“How are you, Arin? What do you see?”
“I did a lot of heart rate training until I got tired of it. Because my master told me to pull it up unconditionally. If it were me, I could easily pass 250 points.”
Arin is a spirit-type wizard. Spirit John’s stamina was second to none, especially since he had to freely handle the tentacle type, which was the most difficult among John’s forms.
‘As expected, Arcane’s disciples. It’s on a different level from us.’
After hearing Arin’s words, the students were intimidated. They were also descendants of aristocratic families, but anyone who aims to become a wizard dreams of becoming a direct disciple of a great wizard. Even though they came from the slums, in terms of magic, the two of them had been on the elite course of the elite.
‘joy. But we also have a secret weapon.’
When Sirone, the last player in the group, entered the image zone, the students cheered him in one voice.
As they regained their memories, they also knew that Sirone had subdued Canis. As much as that, I wanted to show my true self this time as well.
Sirone took a deep breath in the center of the Image Zone. Since Yiruki scored 210 points, she had no problem getting a promotion even if she was just a fringe.
However, Sirone’s eyes were different from before. As long as he had a firm goal, he had no intention of taking the test in moderation, even if it wasn’t for Canis.
Starting from Etela’s signal, the device turned on, and Sirone made the spirit zone beat at its highest level from the start.
It is difficult to evenly divide one second without an accurate design like Iruki. However, humans have a very accurate human body clock called a sense of rhythm.
Sirone added John’s beats to the rhythm and accelerated it. The sound machine exploded with a series of hits that sounded like a drum line.
Puff pup pup pup pup!
The children couldn’t close their gaping mouths. I watched Sirone’s demonstration without blinking, but I was able to properly check the spirit zone only about once a second.
“I can’t… … . How many times per second is that?”
Multiple spirit zones were moving at the same time, so it was impossible to count by eye. Students waited for 10 seconds. After a while, a huge number of 120 points was printed on the display board.
“12 times per second… … .”
Can you imagine a 20-meter-diameter sphere contracting 12 times per second? I was just watching with my own eyes, no one knew what was going on inside. Only the exploding bursts of fire and the numbers counting at breakneck speed proved that Sirone’s mind was fluttering.
Even Canis and Arin were stunned and watched the demonstration. Arin, in particular, had an expression of disbelief. If the heart rate increases to that extent, the mind collapses first, leaving the speed.
How quickly you can stretch from the smallest circle to the largest circle and how long you can withstand the shock when contracted were the key to the beat.
In that sense, the demonstration presented by Sirone was the highest level that maximized both speed and durability.
‘Geumgang Bulgogi.’
Etella grasped Sirone’s state at a glance.
‘It’s really great. That child’s potential is completely unfathomable.’
Even Ethel wasn’t sure where Sirone was now. When I thought I was here, I was already far away.
—————————————

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-1110.txt
=============YYYYY=============
Human unknown (3)
cause.
“Are you Youfra?”
People trapped in the Pyramid of Truth have experienced numerous causes that shaped their lives.
Great Swordswoman Yufra frowned.
‘Damn it, how long can I see this?’
What he could see was when he was in his mid-thirties, a time when he was ashamed to be called a great swordsman.
However, prosecutors who tried to confront him by managing rumors well in their own way often came.
“Is that so?”
At that time, Youfra sensed that the prosecutor who came to him was surprisingly strong.
maybe more than yourself.
“I’ve heard rumors that he is a master swordsman. However, I also have a family opinion with swords, so I ask for a match.”
Youfra looked at the man pretending to be indifferent.
‘To be honest… …
I was afraid.
My heart was pounding, and the imagination of being slashed mercilessly by his sword ran through my head.
“I’m sorry. Today is my friend’s anniversary. I don’t want to commit pointless killing.”
‘I was talking about it like that.’
Because there were countless friends who died.
‘I have always been like that.’
While other swordsmen risked their lives for their dreams, they only fought against opponents they could defeat.
The real Youfra spat out.
“shit! So what?” qualifications.
At that time, he was far away with his back turned, so he couldn’t see the opponent’s face.
“……!”
The eyes of the man confirmed in the pyramid of truth.
contempt.
“Aaaaaaa!”
The yuprah of reality popped out.
“okay! let me fight! Come on! Do you think I can’t win?”
In the past, all he could do was run away, but now his skills have improved considerably.
bang
The instant the swords clashed, the young swordsman’s face changed into that of his old friend Balzac.
“It’s the same, Youfra. Yes, you draw your sword only when you can always win.”
“Keugh!”
My heart pounded again.
“You knew. If you persist like that, many competitors will disappear on their own.”
“no.”
No matter how much I shook my head, lies didn’t work in the pyramid of truth.
The scenery changed and I saw Balzac slashing enemies in all directions on the battlefield.
‘He’s a genius. He really is a genius.’
It was only now, decades later, that Yufra was able to accurately evaluate his friend’s skills.
‘What was I doing then?’
As the scenery quickly changed, he saw himself leisurely patrolling the civilian area.
‘The safest place.’
If you slash the enemy’s general, you can count on it, but it will lead to death with a high probability.
‘I didn’t want to gamble. i just… … It was enough to live like that.’
While on patrol, Yufra sees flames burning on the horizon.
“Wide area magic?”
The area was devastated by the magicians’ tactical bombing, and there were no survivors.
Remembering his friend, he shouted.
“Balzac!”
He drew his sword and was about to run to the battlefield, but his subordinates grabbed his arm.
“Leader! be patient! You must not break the ranks!”
“Let go, you children! Balzac is over there!”
really… … Couldn’t I have resisted?
“no.”
Was it all about worrying about a friend?
“stop! You son of a bitch!”
maybe i… … Didn’t he dream of a new hope while looking at that burning flame?
“Aww! plague! What are you asking me to do!”
The moment the scenery changed to a friend’s funeral, Youfra’s face turned pale after shouting.
‘no.’
Eliana, who had become a widow, was far more beautiful than he had seen at the time.
Yufra in his 30s thought.
‘I liked it first.’
As if his own reason was an indulgence, he walked over to her.
“Eliana, you are very sad.”
Throughout the funeral, Youfra stayed by her side.
“Balzac was a sword-mad guy? It was the best finish as a swordsman.”
She was silent and there was a lot of talk about you.
“Bastard Balzac, I heard you don’t have much legacy left behind. I will help you.”
“Mr. Youfra.” Those were the first words Eliana uttered.
“Please don’t do this.”
And the way she looks at herself is the same as that of the man who challenged her… … .
contempt and disgust.
“whatever! Dogs!”
bang!
Youfra’s twin swords were blocked by Balzac’s sword.
“okay! loved it! I loved you so much! So did I even lay a hand on your wife?”
I swung my sword to forget.
Strong opponents were avoided, victors were greatly inflated, and after decades… … .
“big. knife. like. Youfra.”
“shut up! Do you know what is different about you? If you’re so confident, you’ll even see your past! They’re all the same! A little cowardly, shamefully! That’s how everyone lives!”
Youfra lost half of his reason.
“I have done many good things in my life! There was a time when I was proud of myself! Why are you ignoring me!”
Balzac smiled sadly.
“Yuprah.”
Like a voice out of time, Youfra thought for the first time that it might not be an illusion.
“Be happy.”
The landscape began to gather around Balzac, who was getting away with his sword.
“happiness?”
Youfra lowered his sword.
“To turn your whole life upside down and be happy? Is that really what you want to say to me?”
There was life in his eyes as he stared into the darkness.
“Canis, how long will you be here?”
In the narrow room of the pyramid, Canis and Arin sat side by side with their backs against the wall.
A considerable amount of time passed, but there was no desire left to move.
“It can’t be.”
said Canis.
“This crazy space is trying to drive us crazy. lets think. Are you saying twins? Are there any similarities between you and me?”
there was.
It’s not identical like twins, but it wasn’t impossible with fraternal sex.
Arin lowered his head.
“we… … How is it going?”
“No need to think! Nothing will change. Arin, think of the years we spent together!”
A person more precious than life.
‘I mean I want you. I meant to live with you for the rest of my life. But the same blood flows?’
Captivated by rage, Canis grabbed Arin by the shoulder and kissed him roughly.
It’s a great courage, but Arin would have been willing to tolerate it.
“no!”
However, she pushed herself away, and Kanis, who had stomped her butt, put on a dazed expression.
“Why, why are you doing this?”
She shed tears when she read Kanis’s feelings with menarche.
“Sorry. I love you too, but only
one in… …
“No! I can’t ever do that. No, you decided to live believing that there was no way!”
I’ve never said it verbally.
“It was. But now you know. At least until I know for sure…”
“this… …
Just when Kanis was about to scream in anger.
“Here you are.”
Eyes burning red in the dark approached.
“Mr. Ares.”
“Is everyone all right? We need to find Sirone.”
As he muttered that, he approached and was surprised to see the faces of Kanis and Arin.
“What happened? What is the color of your face?”
There was no answer.
“Yeah, you guys got it too.”
“Ares-san too… … Have you seen the past?”
“hmm. I’m still resetting it with Hong’s ability, but it’s a pretty terrible job. The timeline here is twisted. The fact that the entire party scattered must be proof of that.”
Canis murmured.
“Why are you doing this to us?”
“There will be no reason.”
Ares looked at the letters flowing down the wall.
“It’s just such a space. It seems that all causality here is dissolving regardless of time. It’s like… …
“God’s point of view?”
Ares nodded.
“okay. From the outside of the universe, even time is just a line. Maybe God really lives here.”
“let’s go.”
Canis stood up.
“I will meet you in person. Why are you doing things like this to us? will turn it back If there really is such a thing as God… …
Even if you kill that god.
Each WHO delegation was given a private room.
Seriel, who put the large bag on the desk, was disappointed that it had ruined her mood from the morning.
“it’s annoying.”
Fermi’s face came to mind.
A small incident in my school days that I couldn’t tell anyone at the time.
‘If Amy finds out, she’ll try to kill me.’ Her face flushed hot, but at the same time I had this thought.
‘Is it really so?’
Everyone has a secret.
If a person’s life is deconstructed into cause and effect, there are countless impulses, shame, and joy in it that no one else can imagine.
‘At that time, I didn’t know the world would end up like this.’
She sat down at her desk, put a cigarette in her mouth and lit it.
“Whoa.”
Why did you want to smoke?
maybe that too… … .
cause.
Around the time Seriel was in her senior year.
It was the day when the 19th week of training was over and a day of rest was given.
Amy and Seriel were best friends, but they couldn’t even dream of a leisure life in their senior year.
“Amy, today is my day off, what are you doing?”
“Trying to do Spirit Zone reinforcement training. you?”
Unlike the tireless Karmis, Seriel was an ordinary person who needed a break.
“I was just wondering if I should drink some coffee.”
“Okay then… … Let’s go to the cafe.” She said it readily, but Amy’s eyes flashed with embarrassment.
Sensing it, Seriel put her hands together.
“Oh right! It’s the day the sequel to Primal Lasso comes out! Amy, sorry. Let’s have coffee next time.”
“okay. Go to the bookstore.”
Not wanting to disrupt her friend’s training, Seriel came up with an excuse.
“Ho Ho! no. It is a very dangerous book. It’s deadly to kids who don’t have immunity like you. Goes. See you tomorrow.”
“hey! Seriel!”
Amy called urgently, but Seriel was already running down the hallway and turning the corner.
Couldn’t you really catch it?
I suddenly felt that way, but there was no time to think about the task at hand.
“… … You have to train.”
Meanwhile, Seriel, who came out, sighed in relief at the fact that she hadn’t become an intruder.
“Why don’t you play alone?”
The place she arrived at after leaving school in peace was a shabby bookstore.
“hello.”
Her own hideout, far from the aristocratic district, and where dark books often flow in.
“I thought you would. It’s in the corner.”
Seriel put on her big glasses and covered her face with a scarf, but the bookstore owner immediately noticed.
Seriel’s eyes shook her head and shone in the glasses.
‘There is, the primal lasso sequel.’ A not at all beautiful love story of a nobleman and a maid.
It’s decadent and explicit in depicting sexuality, so it’s treated as an adult, but it wasn’t particularly shocking to Seriel, who read romance novels from a young age.
From the first page, it started with the characters of the previous work sharing love.
As she gulped down her saliva, she fell in love with the content.
‘The position has changed.’
The maid who had chained the nobleman came with a whip.
‘Her breath bristled all the man’s hair. The jelly-like wet tongue slipped through the red lips, “licking the man’s nape?”
Surprised by the sudden voice, Seriel closed the book.
“Hick! Who is it!”
When I turned around, I saw the face of a man I didn’t want to get used to.
“Fermi?”
As she lowered her large glasses to check, Fermi raised a hand.
“hi?”
With a polite mischievous smile.

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-1111.txt
=============YYYYY=============
Human unknown (4)
“Chief Researcher.”
The sound of the door opening brought Seriel to her senses.
“It is time to attend the temple.”
“all right.”
She extinguished the cigarette, spread the smell with her hand, and put on her gown to organize her thoughts.
‘okay. We have to meet at least once anyway.’
As I went out into the hallway, a delegation from the World Health Organization approached, guarded by knights.
“Let’s go, Seriel.”
“yes.”
The main hall of the temple was reminiscent of a small coliseum that could accommodate about 600 people.
While all the seats were filled, the chairman of the temple assembly came up to the podium.
“From now on, we will begin the 63rd Temple General Assembly.”
The number 63 was a tree ring engraved in history because it was held at every global event.
“Today, this seat is to elect a world leader. And a leader country exists for the happiness and prosperity of all mankind… …
Even during the speeches, think tanks from around the world did not stop their hands.
The albino’s head spun rapidly.
[All] 冒頭 Speaking time is 5 minutes for each country. According to the voting order, Tormia will be the seventh.’
The text of the speech is already prepared, but it will have to be modified in real time according to the speech of other countries.
“At the opening of the temple, each nation has three powers. A rom means one vote that can be given to another country… …
It was something everyone knew.
When it was time for each ministry to propose, Dorothy, Valkyrie’s acting authority, came up.
“hello. This is Dorothy from Valkyrie. At a time when the whole world is in tension, the military ministry’s initiative is… …
A man raised his hand from Arachne’s side.
“for a moment.”
His name was Phaedra, who started as a pimp in his youth and rose to become the prime minister.
“I only heard that the general commander resigned, but I don’t know anything about the acting authority. Shouldn’t you explain why you took charge of the military department before the proposal’?”
Dorothy replied.
“Are you a girl friend?”
“Girl friend… … . No, Phaedra, who was asking for consent with an exaggerated gesture, realized that everyone was quiet.
“why? Is this just weird? huh?”
While there was still no response, the same thought popped into the heads of the heads of state.
‘It means it’s vacant anyway.’ The country that becomes the leader would be entrusted with all authority over Valkyrie.
“… … Therefore, the proposal of the Ministry of Military Affairs is a comprehensive solution to the peace treaty. I hope that the leaders of each country will make the right decision.”
Listening to dry applause, Dorothy went down, and Smith, head of the Ministry of Economics and Social Affairs, came up.
Although he was from Jive, he was a person who did not care about nationality as long as it was money-making.
“I think that a leading country should have a vision of human prosperity. As a result of the arms race, the value of each country’s currency is hitting bottom. In this regard, while urging the World Bank and central banks of each country to make a decision, “I object” to the deterrence measures against the reckless development of weapons of war.
When Liz of the Nade Group raised her hand, the chairman stopped.
“Wouldn’t it be better to file an appeal after the motion is over?”
“No, I am contesting the motion itself. I think that the expression of reckless weapons of war has room for negative interpretation of the industries of certain countries that are actually at war.”
The Nade Group’s main business is military.
In addition, the card of elemental bomb development had to be pointed out in order to gain power.
‘It’s good timing.’
Rufist nodded.
‘Once the meeting gets underway, the flow gets fast and wild. It’s already too late to attack the initiative.’
Smith retorted.
“The core of this temple is world peace. I don’t think it’s strange to use strong words about suppression of weapons of war.
“Of course, no country will oppose peace. However, wouldn’t it be better to avoid expressions that could grant indulgence to a specific country depending on the issue of equity and the circumstances of each country? Therefore, we ask that you delete the expression or replace it with a word that has a clear standard for interpretation.”
Smith smacked his lips.
“I will suspend the initiative for a while.” With the permission of the Chairman, the position of the Ministry of Economic and Social Affairs
The circles came and put their heads together.
Smith, who came back to the podium five minutes later, corrected it.
“As I accept your suggestion, I will replace the expression ‘reckless’ with ‘a threat to human peace’.”
All weapons would be a threat to human peace, but that was fair.
‘What about this… …
From now on, it was up to me to do it. said Pony.
“You pointed it out well. It was an embarrassing proposal for the king to step forward.”
The reason Liz’s remarks worked was because she was a practitioner in the military industry, which is primarily affected by this initiative.
Rufist replied.
“yes. If you are not a business person, the meaning will be distorted. Aple Leeds is the current head of Nade Group. I have practical experience, and looking at it now, I feel good.”
It was also significant that only Lizman stepped forward at a gathering of top businessmen.
‘I don’t look at the King’s eyes. In other words, it means that he is reading Tormia’s thoughts. I can take over the executive role.’
Phaedra clapped her hands as Liz, who had waited until the motion was over, was about to take her seat.
“Chuck! Mistress Bushgumen. Wherever the company is, one secretary is well kept. Congratulations.”
Liz countered.
“I don’t think this is the place to laugh. And I am not a secretary, but the CEO who leads the Nade Group.”
Phaedra narrowed her eyes.
“yes? Nade group? So, are you the next gunman to push Mr. Nade out?”
“No, it’s your girlfriend.” Of course, she is the co-founder of Nade Gunsu, but this much was good for her counterattack.
Phaedra leaned back in her chair.
“I’m sorry, Tormia is also a dead end. girl friend? How do you say hello like this?”
“Whoops, I will.”
The aide who answered that thought.
‘Are you the only one? A trashy human.’
Aside from her position, as a woman, Pedra was at the height of hatred.
“What is that guy, a thug? Do you know what kind of market this is?”
When Geese, the King of Jive, grumbled, the think tank ‘Smoke Screen’ spoke up.
“I am the real power of Arachne. He is a person who even rose to become the Prime Minister through politics at night.”
“Politics by night?”
The man waved his little finger and raised his thumb.
“Ah, that.”
Geese’s eyes suddenly changed favorably.
“I see now that he was a hard worker. Make a seat.”
“yes.”
In the meantime, Pope Constantine, the head of the Ministry of Religion, came up to the podium.
“I will pray.”
“Oops.”
Geese hurriedly raised his upper body and lowered his head, clasped his hands together and closed his eyes.
prayer began.
“God Krea, all mankind is suffering. Save us from a cruel world… …
In the meantime, Sirone watched the backs of those who bowed their heads.
‘How much will it be?’
The one who truly prays for the happiness of mankind.
‘If everyone is considerate of others, no one will be harmed as a result. It’s theoretically possible, but… …
Is it really so?
Uorin smiled bitterly.
‘It must be disturbing.’
Humans are not Gaians.
‘Give up, Sirone. The world you dream of will never come. Because Eve crossed the forbidden line.
“The Empress.”
Gando whispered.
“I have something to tell you about the issue of deploying shadow warriors.”
“You said you didn’t like it. It feels bad to be a human who looks just like me. After all, Kido will be by your side.”
It was sad that the only beings she believed in were non-human goblins.
“But you also need to be prepared in case Kido breaks through.”
“Hmm.”
Uorin glanced at Harbitz.
The image of Satan falling into a sweet sleep while listening to the Pope’s prayer… … .
“Punish the evil of the world!” When the pope raised his voice, Geese burst into tears.
spilled
“Huh! Oh God.” Turning her eyes away from Havitz, who was snoring, Uorin continued.
“Is it okay if it’s not just vanishing? There is no Le and no Lian. There is no situation in which you can’t prevent it. It is foreign countries, not Kashan, that should worry about the assassination of the king.”
Her gaze turned to Sirone’s.
“However, take care of Tormia. Carefully handle all incoming intelligence.”
“Thormia… … Are you talking?”
“huh. I have a Quan.” The only swordsman who cut Harvitz’s head.
“If it’s a shadowy operation, he’s the only one we need to be wary of besides Havitz. No, honestly, I doubt if I can stop it.”
“If that’s the case, even more so the shadow warrior “It’s okay.”
Uorin caught sight of Shiina as she listened to the prayer with a modest attitude.
It looked beautiful and smart.
“Because he has a fatal weakness.”
The dragonfly albino, who was pretending to pray, felt his gaze and turned his head.
When I met Woorin’s eyes, I felt embarrassed
I laughed, but my heart was completely different.
‘What are you looking at? annoying.’ He couldn’t have known why.
‘Geuk, the nape of the neck must tickle. From the point of view of assassinating the factor, Kashan’s natural enemy must be us.’
They each have deadly swords called Habits and Kuan, but Tormia can die even if the king dies.
‘Of course it’s dangerous. If the person behind the assassination is revealed, public opinion will deteriorate. But it’s true that it’s a card that can be cut and discarded once in a hurry.’
Therefore, if there was a trade-off, the fatal thing was Kashan.
‘But it’s a difficult sword to handle. Well, I guess the same goes for Habitz.’
The albino brushed his beard.
‘Have you not decided yet? stupid
Creepers.’
Parka Quan.
At a point 200 meters away from the Delta headquarters, all 12 national guards were gathered.
It was a rule that the line proposed by the holy war was stretched long, and even a step outside the line was regarded as an intention to attack the enemy. While Rai was also keenly aware of the situation at the head office, Jive’s guards spoke to him.
“Are you Mr. Lai, the captain of the guards of Kangshin?”
“Is that so?”
Despite knowing the fierceness of the holy war, the knights’ eyes shone.
“Ohh, so you are August Lian’s older brother?”
Rai’s face crumpled.
“Oh, sorry if I was rude. However, it is the only swordsman who can deal with Ymir.”
“You don’t even have to have qualifications, are you saying this?”
“No, I don’t mean that… … maybe it’s true
‘Well, I don’t know.’
No one knew the position of a brother who had the world’s strongest swordsman as his youngest brother.
‘I am… … Why are they here?’
Because all those more capable than you have died?
“Captain.”
Tess’ voice brought me to my senses.
‘To protect the king. Just think about it.’
At that moment, Rai’s spine felt chilly, and the guards of 12 countries simultaneously turned around.
“Who are you!”
As if one person had pulled it out, the sound of the sword’s friction created a roar with a single sound wave.
“That… …
The one-armed swordsman was limping and approaching.

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-1112.txt
=============YYYYY=============
big dream (1)
The guards gathered there felt the world shake every time Quan took a step.
It was a step that was neither fast nor slow, in a way it was pitiful.
‘Lean.’
It was difficult to keep my balance, as if I was on top of a boat crashing into waves.
“Hmm.”
While Natasha pursed her lips and made an interesting expression, Fengzhang was displeased.
Leader Yula said.
“Close access.”
Among all the killing spree, the most powerful energy was directed at Poongjang.
“yes.”
Just when the 99 swordsmen were about to disperse like the wind, Kido walked forward first.
“stop.”
Kuan’s steps stopped.
“Are you the prosecutor from Tormia? This is a place where no one without a security permit can enter. go back.”
Because I can’t hate Tormia.
“I have business to take care of at the headquarters.”
Kido looked back at Delta’s buildings and shook his head at Kuan again.
“Then I can’t send you any more. After the temple is open, no one can come in or out.”
Rai intervened.
“You can go in. He belongs to the Tormia Task Force, and has a pass.”
Kidou pursed his lips and asked.
‘There is intent to kill, but no hostility. Of course, if this aura turns into hostility, it will be tremendous, but… …
I wondered if it would be okay to just send it to him if he had the pass.
‘It must be killed.’
Yula was firm.
Although not as good as Kido, Fengzhang is also the closest to Woo-Lin to check his intentions.
‘That man is the Empress’ misfortune. maybe it’s a good opportunity Even if I cut it here, it won’t affect the temple.’
It’s because Kuan crossed the line.
“I don’t know why I was late, but this is a security area. You can’t go through this way.”
“Then where are you going?”
“That is your heart. But this is the only way to Delta Headquarters.”
I was thinking of trying to figure it out somehow.
Kido, who knew Yula’s personality, spoke to Quan with a desperate expression.
“Go back, please.”
Quan calmly accepted the look in his eyes and slowly raised his gaze and murmured.
“You’re lucky.”
“huh?”
Clown Pierrot – Initial feeling.
Suddenly, the ground tilted sharply toward Quan, creating a slope of over 70 degrees.
At the same time, the guards released external gravity.
“catch!”
The one that fell naturally was Natasha, the one that was attached to the ground was Kido, and the wind blew away like the wind and pulled out the sword.
‘I can’t miss it.’
Quan felt as if he was falling down a cliff, and if he missed it even for a second, it was doomed.
At that moment, the tilted 70 degrees flipped to the left this time.
“damn!”
The north and south were reversed again, and now they were making a messy turn like a sphere.
The only thing that could confirm Kuan’s movements was Kido, who was attached to the ground with the Earthquake Spirit.
“Pooh! It’s really bizarre.”
Natasha, on the other hand, was enjoying the feeling of the world turning around as if she were on an amusement ride.
‘It’s not easy either.’
Although it’s easy to get out of line of sight if you use a single-target starter.
‘It’s hard to ostracize everyone.’
There were hundreds of swordsmen here, and all of them were the best in the kingdom.
A member of Poongjang told Yula.
“Captain, there may be an ulterior motive. If you move as a group, there may be gaps in the escort network… …
«O»
S……?
The fact that everyone was dragged around by only one prosecutor was shameful enough.
‘But he’s that much of a man.’
It reminded me of Quan in his youth, crawling along the mountain road with his Achilles tendon torn off.
‘Has it reached this far?’
As a single swordsman, she suppressed the desire to clap her hands as she instructed.
“It is done in one go. Spread the death roll.”
“yes.”
The 100 Fengzhang crossed like a net and started to rotate around Quan.
‘If I get caught, I won’t even be able to collect the bones.’
It was not an exaggeration.
However, Kuan’s expression was colder than ever when dealing with Kashan’s best swordsmen.
‘I’m just doing what I have to do.’
The reason why he refused the position of captain of the guards was that he was not suited to protecting someone.
‘I’m a clown.’
A clown who would do anything stupid to make her laugh.
‘What did I expect?’
Since he was still human, did he even have a delusion that he could be with her?
“haha.”
He remembered Shiina’s face as he stood in the blackout of the wind farm that narrowed the encirclement.
“Smile.”
Because it’s fun.
“Strike!”
100 blades created a strong wind, devastating the place where Quan was.
The slope of the scenery returned to its original position, and the members of the Fengzhang formed formation again.
Kido’s expression darkened.
” does not exist.”
Didn’t see.
One moment the scenery was distorted, and the next moment Kuan’s body evaporated.
“Move.”
Ray came running.
Red blood dripped from the center where the grass was swirled like a whirlpool.
“… … Did you cut it?”
Yula did not perjure.
“no. None of us cut. Right before the sword could reach him, he disappeared first.”
“Then what about this blood?”
“maybe… …
Yula pointed at her head with her index finger.
“ear.”
By rupturing his own eardrums, his hearing was now half as good.
‘Mr. Quan.’
In front of a situation where the guards of all 12 countries had broken through the camp alone.
‘Are you really trying to become a ghost?’ Rai had a little idea of what he had to give up to become the strongest swordsman.
The pope gave an initiating speech.
“Lamicyo is a world-class religion. But people all over the world do not believe in Lamie.”
It was a quiet atmosphere.
“There is always a price to pay for faith. It is the act of burying the soul and knowing that there is a higher transcendence to any rationality.”
The pope’s gaze turned to Sirone.
“What you get in return is strength. The rest I can get by believing that I am not mine. Isn’t that what this world needs?”
The gaze was withdrawn.
“Maybe the value of Lamigyo is the courage, sacrifice, and hope that those who cannot fight can rely on.”
Geese murmured.
“Oh, my God.”
“No one is God. As the Pope of Lamie religion, I earnestly pray to God Krea that a leader who can only fight for humanity will emerge.”
The sound of applause embroidered the conference hall. It was an uncomfortable situation for the kingdom of Tormia, which had to borrow the power of Yahweh.
“It can’t be helped.”
Lufist leaned his temples on his fists.
“Because it is an official religion of the Temple Leadership Bureau. Above all, there is a cause that does not exist in the kingdom.”
Flew agreed.
“It’s not explicit, but it’s using wording that subtly denies Yahweh. That must have been what he was aiming for.”
“O”
“o” ?
Although each person’s inner thoughts may be different, the official atmosphere was emotional.
“Next, the motion of the International Court of Justice will begin.”
Socrates, the leader, put the fat giant on the podium and wiped away his sweat.
“Hyster. Whoa, it’s a hot day. No, am I the only one hot? I was wearing a dirty suit.”
When no one responded, he let out a roar that bordered on shouting.
“It’s not farming! Fuhahaha!”
The atmosphere was the worst.
“Hmmmm. Then I will propose. I, Bebeto Socrates, head of the International Tribunal, he spat out, widening his eyes.
“I will resign as of today.”
Officials from each country did not respond, but those who worked at the temple were agitated.
“Socrates, what do you mean by that?”
“Literally. It’s a resignation. All I can say is that I want to eat at least one more piece of bread. Because what remains is to eat. Bio recommending Mr. Mito Shirano as my successor. more.”
“Cyrano?”
Socrates went down, and a skinny middle-aged woman came up to the podium.
Nicknamed the Swamp Witch, she was once the head of the Magic Association in Stang Kingdom.
“Thank you, Mr. Socrates. Because you handed over this F*cking position to me.”
His mouth was rough, just like his personality.
“Then I propose. As of this time, I will resign as general manager.”
“What the hell! The temple is a joke!” Finally, resistance from some officials arose, but Cyrano had nothing to be rough about.
“Shut up. I’m not making fun of wizards, I’m not saying don’t put us in this house game politics. Everyone knows anyway, right?”
Amidst the silence, the chairman said
“but… … If even Mr. Cyrano resigns, there will be no one to propose. Even when resigning, isn’t it polite to each country to present an agenda?”
“initiative.”
Cyrano spat out.
“The strong one eats it. more.”
When he went down the podium like that, politicians were taken aback, but some smiled.
They were sorcerers.
‘There is a peculiar stubbornness. You are a race that never swallows anything that is against you.’
The king of the Moon Kingdom, Moonryong, arose.
“How absurd! Raising the banner of the jungle-hard-and-strong in a place promoting world peace!”
the chairman said
“Calm down. It’s just a statement from one manager. Besides, you’re not the manager anymore… …
“Looks like that will work! The International Sanctions Board is not an organization that oversees all the regulations and laws of the holy war!”
Certainly, the intensity of the remarks was strong.
“The world’s villain, Habits, is not allowed to attend the holy war, but now the strong one eats it. Do you want to smell the bloody temple? Literally, even if the king’s throat was cut off, that doesn’t mean I won’t get involved!”
“You talk too much!”
When the assassination of the king was mentioned, those who had been watching so far reacted sensitively.
“This is a gathering for peace. Isn’t King Moon, who has such bad thoughts, what he’s aiming for?”
“What is it? dare… … !”
Because the hwadu was the hwadu, everyone stood up, and the atmosphere in the temple became militant.
‘Assassination is attempted anyway. The one who is pushed here will be the first to be beaten.’
The door to the conference hall opened amid a flurry of wording, including ostentation, bravado, and threats.
Everyone was surprised just by the fact that the door had been opened, and in an instant it became quiet.
“What, what?”
The one-armed swordsman bowed his head.
“Sorry if I disturbed you.”
Then, as he limped down the stairs, the bewilderment of the onlookers increased.
‘Mr. Quan.’
While Shiina watched with mixed emotions, the chairman stopped Kuan from doing so.
“for a moment. who are you?”
“This is Tormia Kingdom Special Task Force Parka Quan. I was late for some reason.”
“No, I mean that now… …
More curious than scolding Quan, the chairman stopped talking and asked again.
“How did you get here?”
Once the general meeting is held, the National Guard guards the only exit.
Quan turned around the door and replied.
“afoot… …
“Not that! She’s asking how did you get in! All the doors of the headquarters are closed and you can never enter the building unless you pass the guards… … At that moment, the chairman realized.
“no way?”
Did you break through all 12 national guards?
At that moment, blood gushed from Quan’s ear and fell to the ground.
Shiina’s eyes widened, and everyone who knew him looked shocked.
‘enter. I lost one ear.’ She leaned further.
Sensing this fact, Quan took another step while the crowd remained silent.
The stop was Tormia’s Teachers’ Association.
“I’m sorry.”
“Ah yes.”
Saad shifted his seat, and Kuan slowly sat down in his chair.
It was next to Shiina.
“why… … ?”
“This is my seat.”
There was no way that Kuan, the person in charge, did not know what the albino and Wulin expected.
‘A country that touches Shiina… … die first
The albino nodded as the unspoken threat weighed heavily on the hall.
‘If you can’t keep it, cut it all down. If you truly let go of everything… …
Kuan was now a sword demon.

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-1113.txt
=============YYYYY=============
big dream (2)
The hall was quiet.
As much as they are proud of their country’s armed forces, they realize the seriousness of the situation.
‘It broke through all the guards of 12 countries. It’s right to see that it can’t be stopped.’
In the minds of the heads of state, Kuan’s status was elevated to the level of Havitz.
‘There’s no need to step out and get attention.’
Being cautious in the face of a realistic threat of assassination was not enough no matter how excessive it was.
Of course, it has nothing to do with pride.
“joy.”
Starting with the cloud dragon’s snort, the kings of each country didn’t like the current situation.
just… … It is better to point troublesome arrows at others than at yourself.
Uorin turned to Harbitz.
“Growl.”
God’s frequency is still operating, and Quan’s voice is probably being collected in his sleep.
‘As expected, it doesn’t happen.’
At one time, a man who had cut his own throat seemed insignificant to Satan.
‘It was like that.’
Uorin realized why she was able to rely on Havitz for a moment.
‘I don’t complain about anything.’ He would have had a life too. Accumulated causes even before he was born may have created Satan today.
‘I don’t think A being that has a cause but is not affected by a cause. The most unhuman thing.’
so it’s atrocious
“Growl.”
If Satan also had a dream, I was very curious about what the landscape in the dream would look like.
Keira of Corona Kingdom asked.
“Do you care?”
After Kuan entered the hall, it felt like Armin’s hips were shaking.
“no.”
Armin changed his mind.
“in fact… … okay.”
Although he had put aside his feelings for Shiina, he was still a precious person.
“Do not misunderstand. It’s not that I care in that sense. It’s because of Mr. Kuan.”
Keira looked over at Quan.
“I lost one ear. It doesn’t seem like it was cut.”
“The reason for disrupting the physical balance is to create mental asymmetry. The first time I cut off my arm, I had to cut out the schema, but strictly speaking, it’s a matter of the mind. Even when I cut one eye, I didn’t care too much about the shape. It seems that blocking the senses is enough now.”
“I’m glad. Honestly, it’s someone else’s business, but from Shiina-san’s point of view, it would be too terrible.”
“It is rather the opposite.” It was the reason why Armin was concerned.
“Now you won’t be able to lean by cutting something. Even so, I sat down next to Shiina.”
“… … What more can you cut out?”
“I don’t know. Only the person involved will know, but one thing is certain: he made his decision.”
I will not hesitate.
And when he finally cut out half of what was left of him… … .
‘What will Quan be?’
While receiving the attention of the audience, Shiina continued to glance at the seat next to her.
Kuan had no expression.
‘I can’t figure it out.’
She had been excited about meeting Loquan since she was selected as a member of the teachers’ association.
‘Because he never came.’
To the extent that it was clear that he was intentionally avoiding it, he did not even go where Shiina was.
“Why did you change your mind now?” There was no answer.
“You kept avoiding it. Aren’t you going to have to tell me why? I have pride too.”
I don’t think Kuan’s mouth will open.
Shiina, too, burst into anger and spat it out.
“That’s Okay. go back To be honest, I was just about to put an end to my feelings for Mr. Quan.” Quan quietly stood up.
“Oh really.”
In desperation, Shiina grabbed Kuan’s wrist and pulled him down with force.
“Whoa.”
How did it come to be so stubborn and intertwined?
“all right. I won’t ask why, so I’ll tell you later. Don’t run away again.”
He didn’t say anything about losing one ear.
‘He’s a good person.’
It was because he knew that even saying such a thing would be a burden to Quan.
“Miss Shiina.”
Looking back at Kuan, Shiina was dazed.
It was the first time he had ever smiled with such an expression.
“I like. I mean it.” Shiina’s face turned red at her sudden confession, and her teachers cleared their throats.
Shiina hurriedly turned her head.
‘Why is this all of a sudden?’ Quan’s face was not frightened at all, but on the other hand, he was filled with fear.
‘You’ve decided on something.’
I made a promise with a nervous heart.
“all right. Then promise me one thing. Don’t ever leave that way again. If I say I want to meet Mr. Kuan, I should be able to.”
Did he prepare to die, or was he going to leave somewhere again?
Thousands of thoughts swirled in his head, but unexpectedly, Quan nodded.
“yes.”
I wondered if I had eaten something wrong, and when I turned my head, I saw Quan’s one eye full of conviction.
“I’ll be by Shiina-san’s side.” After watching that scene for a while, Shiina realized what her expression was like.
“ah.”
Hiding her shy face, she raised her glasses again, following her cold image.
“I will watch. Is this your last chance… …
Kuan also turned his head away, but the smile lingered on his lips for a long time, like a lingering aftertaste.
The chairman stepped in and rectified the situation.
“The remarks of my predecessor a while ago were judged to be against the motto of the temple and will be nullified. The sanctuary exists for world peace and an official initiative will be made as soon as possible… …
It ended in an uncomfortable state, and the representatives of the organizations affiliated with the temple gave a briefing on the world situation.
Amira of the World Climate Organization reported on the situation of the Pandemonium open to each country on the big screen.
“Emotional sickness, mutations, tidal waves, heat waves, etc., the whole world is suffering from catastrophes. As a result, countries… …
A lot of small talk was drowned out by the sound of the microphone.
“75 points. Her face is pretty, but her eyes are a bit I hate women like that because I’m scared.”
“Ah, Prince. Because that style is hot. Just look at your body. Aren’t you going to kill me?”
The secretary, who overheard the conversation between the two, scratched his thumb nail with a disgusted look on his face.
‘Ah, Mr. The gem fell again. I paid for it expensively. Would it look strange if I found it now?’
Amira flipped the screen.
“mom! mom!”
A child was sitting in the spot where the tsunami had swept away the house, shedding tears.
“There are hundreds of thousands of war orphans, and relief supplies are in short supply. Above all, to establish an orphanage… …
“Oh right. It is said that a royal banquet will be held on Arachne’s side around midnight. Are you going to attend?”
“Oh, let’s go. They say that humanity is in danger, shouldn’t we do something big?”
“Of course it is. Because there is no time to rest these days. The prince is suffering.”
Seriel from the World Health Organization is up.
“Hoo?”
The prince’s eyes changed.
“hello. It is an honor to stand at the gathering of heads of state. As you can see on the screen, a lot of people are suffering. As a researcher at the World Health Organization, I would like to tell you a case of emotional illness rather than a specific explanation.”
“85 points. Passed.”
Seriel opened the file.
“A terrible tragedy in a family that happened just 10 days ago.” Emotional Disorder Case, No. 9-674.
“Aaaaaaa!” The man screamed as he was tied to his chair.
“dad! dad!”
“Do not come!”
Near the end of the Emotional Illness analysis, the unassisted household knew what to do.
‘no! No way!’
If you can’t stand it, you have no choice but to drive yourself into a state where you can stand it.
‘My family will never.’
Unable to endure the pain, there were many cases of killing family members for temporary comfort.
“Aaaaaaa!”
It hurt so much, and his skin, tied to the rope, was in tatters.
The nail in the bottom of the chair swayed.
“go! Do not come!”
Even while unconscious from the pain, he did not regret his choice.
‘I have to be tied up.’
He’s a man and he’s the strongest.
‘Yeah, that’s what it was made of.’
Then the locked door slammed open and two children and their mother came in crying.
“dad.”
A knife was in his hand.
“Dad, I am very sick. It hurts so much I think I will die.”
“I love you.”
The man smiled and nodded.
“The family who lost their head hanged themselves three days later when emotional illness broke out again.”
The atmosphere became somber.
‘You fools. All you have to do is believe in Satanism.’
Seriel’s voice was locked.
“Do you think this is an extreme case? There are still deprived areas around the world where information is lacking and relief is unreached.”
“The more I look at it, the better it gets. Okay, 87 points.” Fermi turned his head as the prince’s small words permeated the air.
Seeing the cold eyes, the prince said with a mouthful.
what, kid?
After that, Fermi, who had been glaring at the prince for a long time, turned his head and muttered.
It was an insult.
King Manolka of Kessia shook her shoulders.
“Cluck! As I live, I also see you show your emotions. Leave it alone. I’m just doing that because I’m bored because there’s no food to eat yet. The same goes for you.”
“Go to sleep.”
“World peace? It is human beings who cannot even seek peace of mind. There is no end to greed, and full of dissatisfaction. I’m dying to go to the bathroom, but will that video catch my eye?”
“It just grows.”
“Or what? Do you have anything with that wife?”
Fermi’s mouth closed.
“People who lead the world! More support for humanity, please!”
‘Damn it, all I did was money.’
“Don’t lose your loved ones! Don’t lose your human dignity under any circumstances!”
‘If the bonus comes out, pay off the loan, give your mother something, and move to a place with a good education environment…
“Don’t give up on yourself the precious memories, relationships, and love that everyone holds!”
‘The Moon Kingdom side decorations are pretty. Should I tell the manager and ask for one?’
“If you join forces, you can change the world! I beg you earnestly!”
‘Soon it’s time for everyone to speak. The direction of the angels is important. First of all, keep Kashan in check… …
Seriel slammed the podium and shouted.
“Please gather your will!”
” bra… …
Just when Geese jumped up and was about to clap, he heard mad laughter.
“Hee hee hee!”
The atmosphere became chilly, and everyone in the conference hall turned their heads to follow the sound.
“Ku-k-k-k-k-k-k-k-k-k-k-k.”
Harvits was holding back a laugh desperately, his neck bent to one side.
“Oh sorry. I’m sorry. Uhhhh!” Seriel was distraught.
“What is so funny?”
“It’s not like that, cu cu cu cu cu!”
“You ask what’s funny!”
The thunderous shout finally made the air heavy, and Havitz exhaled deeply.
“ha.”
he said, twitching his beard.
“hmm. Oh, what a pity. That so many people are suffering.”
“You thought that was funny?”
Harvits waved.
“no. that’s sad The reason I’m funny is the people here… …
God’s frequency.
“Well, I get it. It’s hard and difficult, and life is like that. I just want to say… …
satan asked.
“What are you guys doing here?” Satan’s gaze swept across the crowd.
“huh? huh? yes?”
Some turned away, some looked straight on, and some were angry.
‘It’s annoying.’
that reads the mind.
Habitz, who returned his gaze, pointed at Seriel and nodded deeply.
“admit.”
Then they got up and clapped their hands together.
match. match. match. match.
Amid the dry applause, Luffist muttered bitterly.
“It was close.”
The holy war was about to end.
“Enough.”
With a smile, Sirone proudly looked at Seriel, whose makeup was smeared with tears.

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-1114.txt
=============YYYYY=============
big dream (3)
Harvitz’s applause chilled the conversation of some, and it became clear.
‘I have to kill that one.’
The ability to read the waves of the mind was, in a sense, more annoying than vanishing.
In this way, the initiative of the temple was over and it was time for representatives from each country to speak.
‘Anyway, tonight is the key.’ Assassinations, lobbying, solicitations, even secret deals, everything would be done informally.
“Jive has angels. This power is the ability to sustain the world. The speech that all nations can prosper was plain.
‘Damn it, I can’t push it because I care.’
If he even provoked Havitz with an intense strategy, he would be laughed at.
“Give Garto to Jive. Of course, if you give me a ROM, it will be a strong ally.”
Geese said with a smile.
“Ah, of course Temika will politely decline.”
no one laughed
The representatives of each country who cared about God’s frequency used a strategy of hiding their inner feelings as much as possible.
Twelve countries explained why they should lead the world in a standard way.
There was a 20-minute break while free speech, which could be called the main game of the holy war, remained.
Gustav 4 skills, Sumodo said.
“Everyone cares too much about Havitz. It doesn’t matter what your heart is, right? If you’re that kind of person, you can do it. What are you so afraid of?” Balkan said.
“Because humans regard goodness as beautiful. But there are also countries that strategically do not stand out.”
Zetaro said.
“It’s just a search battle anyway. If there is some kind of collusion tonight, I will punch you tomorrow.”
“So what? The balance of power.”
“Hmm.”
Vulcan read the crowd flag.
Energy is relative, and even if two beasts are imprisoned, the strong and the weak are separated.
A special flow was felt in the psychological warfare unfolded by hundreds of brains in 12 countries.
“In terms of odds, roughly, Jive 86%, Kashan 92%, Tormia 78%, Jincheon 66%… …
Jetaro nodded.
“As expected, Havitz is strong. Although it is unusual for Tormia to be in the top three.”
“Is it because of Yahweh? Although he is the strongest mage, he is actually not a difficult opponent. Harvits doesn’t care too much.”
Balkan said.
“It’s easy from the point of view of evil. It’s similar to a hoe on a gambling board. The problem is that the property of the household is infinite, so it is not easy to hit the back of the head… …
His gaze drifted to the side.
“The important thing is that Tormia is not in third place. The place where the flow of crowd spirit gathers the most is… …
He saw Kitra with a poisonous snake around his neck.
“It is the Kingdom of Paras.”
Kitra, a venomous snake looking indifferently at the front, stuck out his tongue and kissed him.
“side. side.”
He slowly turned his head, met Balkan’s eyes, and gave a cool smile.
Sumodo asked quietly.
“What is your win rate?”
“I don’t know. abnormal. I’ve never seen a flow like this. If I were to do the math, maybe… …
Vulcan squinted one eye.
“128 percent?”
Zetaro blinked.
“It’s over 100 percent. Do you have such a win rate?”
“So it’s not strange. Even if you manipulate the hand in a card game, you won’t get this kind of win rate. Therefore, there is only one number of cases that can exceed 100 percent.” Sumodo said.
“In case the system is tampered with.”
“okay. Odds are calculated according to the same rules. But what if you have a low hand and the system is manipulated so that the low hand wins? To express it numerically, it has no choice but to exceed 100 percent.”
Jetaro murmured.
“Hmm. 100 percent means the whole, and going beyond the whole is conceptually impossible. However, when a new concept that transcends all was opened, something flashed into my mind.
“Outside world. That Paras had access to the secret through any route
Rogun.”
Sirone was thinking the same thing.
‘I don’t understand Kitra’s intentions. I have to finish exploring the pyramid as soon as possible.’
Currently, contact with everyone in the Pyramid, including Canis, Arin, and Zulu, has been cut off.
“We will resume the meeting. From now on, I will reduce the intervention of the chairman as much as possible with free speech.”
The eyes of the representatives of each country changed, and the spirit of Jive stood up and opened fire.
“Let’s end the war. Collaborating with the archangel, Satiel, who is present here, to promote peace as quickly as possible is a great harvest for mankind.”
Jin Kang of the Jincheon Empire said.
“It doesn’t end just by stopping the war. Currently, the people of Jincheon are suffering from radioactive mutations. I don’t think the angels can fix the problem.”
Satiel snorted.
“Hey, what do you mean when humans are weak? My body changed just because of radiation.”
A cold sweat broke out on Geith’s forehead, but it was difficult to control Satiel.
Lampa said.
“Listening, it seems that the archangel has no intention of coexisting with mankind. If Zive becomes the leader, isn’t there a possibility that he will bring about another catastrophe?”
“no. that… …
Satiel cut Geith off.
“do not worry. Because I have no intention of harassing people like anyone else. When I have achieved what I want, I will lead my army and leave.”
The Cloud Dragon of the Moon Kingdom asked.
“What do you want?”
“It is a personal thing. Of course, if you interfere with my work, disaster will befall you.”
After spitting out, Satiel looked at Sirone.
‘Ikael. Where are they?’
The fact that he couldn’t find Ikael even though he looked all over the planet.
‘He’s avoiding me.’
Ikael’s stealth ability was so powerful that even Anchera couldn’t find it.
However, the reason Ikael hid was to hide Wena Wizard, not himself.
Can’t we openly invoke the hope of humanity that can kill Havitz?
Sirone looked at her other location.
‘I’ll come to Jive in two days.’
The problem is that Rampa knows.
This is because training the wizards itself was part of the Ivory Tower Project.
‘There’s no way Mr. Lampa can help Satan. But now things have become delicate.’
Thing stirred up an infighting.
‘Something unexpected. Depending on the outcome of the Ivory Tower, there is a risk of information leaking out.’
It was the reason I had no choice but to go to the ivory tower.
“devildom??????
Harvits’s voice was heard.
“Shall I get rid of it?”
As everyone in the conference room focused on him, Uorin frowned.
‘He’s acting selfish again.’
Contrary to her uneasy mind, representatives from each country had a glimmer of hope.
“Is it possible?”
“It is possible. I am the lord of hell You should tell Lethe. You can purify hell.”
said Pony.
“When Hell is cleansed, it means that your world is destroyed. Are you kidding us?”
“No, it’s real. What I felt today, hell never goes away. As long as you guys live. Instead, there is one condition. Give me 10 percent of humanity.”
“Ten percent?”
“It’s better than dying. I’m also called Satan, so don’t you need materials to rebuild hell? Once you decide, the Demon Realm will disappear completely.”
to be freed from calamity.
However, 10 percent of mankind caught in the hands of Satan will suffer enough pain that hell will be rebuilt.
“You say that!” Geese jumped up.
“Even if you disparage human dignity, it is still a waste. Do you even know how big a number 10 percent of humanity is? Humanity will never make such a decision!”
“Hmm.”
God’s frequency.
-shut up. i will be the king of the world
“If you don’t like it, you can’t do it, and I’m making a suggestion. Then how about something like this? If 10 percent is too much, just go over one.”
“huh? 1 person?”
Harvits pointed at Sirone.
“Yahweh.”
He didn’t stop, even though he knew that the extreme murderous spirit soared in Wu-Lin’s heart.
“Enough. Not even 10% of humanity. If you hand over that guy, the world will be peaceful. is not it?”
“this… …
The time when Pony, Seriel, and others who are in sympathy with Sirone jump to their feet.
“What are you like?”
satiel said.
“Dirty and filthy beast, the Nephilim are not something that a guy like you can touch.”
He referred to it as the Nephilim, but Sirone knew it was referring to himself.
‘ why?’
Satiel killed the biological child born to Ikael and Guffin.
By human standards, it must have felt like an aunt kicking her nephew limb.
‘Are you feeling guilty?’
Even knowing that Sirone was looking at her, Satiel deliberately avoided her gaze.
‘Don’t be mistaken. I’m just doing my thing for heaven. Killing you is my pride.’ But why did I feel bad?
‘ maybe.’
In Sirone’s appearance, the angel he hates the most and the human he loves the most can be seen at the same time.
‘Yeah, it’s not because of guilt. I am the archangel Satiel. Even if you kill me, I will kill you.’
she declared.
“Satan, you may be able to seduce humans, but it doesn’t work on angels. If he thinks he can put the Nephilim under you, he will crush it with force.”
“haha.”
God’s frequency was activated.
‘This is also quite a thing.’
I never thought the day would come when I felt human vibrations in the mind of an archangel.
“There is a way to get rid of the Demon Realm.”
Jin Kang said.
“The Jincheon Space Agency has researched the Pandemonium and has reached the level of technological prowess to obtain tangible results. Sooner or later, the Pandemonium will be wiped out by Jincheon, not an angel.”
“What way?”
“Gwangcheonseong.”
It was a space-time interceptor used by Jin Seong-eum.
Anchal said.
“Lights distort space. Jin Seong-eum, the princess of Jincheon, proved that the world behind the scenes is no different. Also, we have data left by the princess.”
As Ahnchal raised his index finger, the vision of light heaven unfolded in a large sphere.
“Therefore, we continued to develop and develop a weapon that could directly hit Hell. Perm minerality. I will destroy the princess of Jincheon and destroy the demon world.”
Harvits blinked.
“Hmm.”
The fact that Satan couldn’t refute it meant that the possibility of permanence was verified.
“Listen up, Harvits.”
A thread of blood stood up in Jin Kang’s eyes.
“You will pay the price for touching Jincheon. I will become an evil that transcends you and punish you.”
‘A tremendous echo.’
Havitz clearly heard the heart of a father who had to send his beloved daughter to hell.
Sirone understood that feeling.
‘I must have waited for this moment.’
I felt the weight of countless words that I had to swallow in order to spit out this one word.
“for a moment… … I will take a break.”
At the declaration of the chairman, representatives and officials from each country rushed out of the conference hall.
‘Today’s meeting ends here.’
Everyone was intuitive.

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-1115.txt
=============YYYYY=============
big dream (4)
‘The first day is an exploration battle.’
Officials turned to their quarters.
‘Only one country can be a leader. There’s no one I can propose to join right now.’
Even if the allies win the vote, the question of deciding the leader remains.
‘For priorities to be set between allies, the balance of power must tilt to some extent.’
At a time when there was no distinction between Pia and Pia, there would have been no country that would willingly extend a hand.
As the thoughts of each country became complicated, Uorin entered the room and shouted out loud.
“What are you doing!”
Kido was watching, and Harbitz lay down on the bed and blinked.
“what?”
“You tripped over Sirone. Forgot a deal? On the condition of handing over the world… …
“You take Sirone.”
Havitz jumped up and stood up.
“That’s a good strategy. If Sirone accepts my deal, it will be good for you.”
“You can’t win hearts that way. do as planned Don’t keep going astray.”
“You are the one who misses.”
“what?”
Harbitz pointed at Uorin.
“The power of history search. When Kashan becomes the leader, you can unite humanity into Ultima.”
It was also the reason Uorin was sure that Sirone would come to him.
“What do you mean? When I achieve what I want, I hand over my powers to you
you said.”
Even in the genealogy of Mitochondrial Eve, only Woorin had a future poem.
When she looks at something, the trajectory the object will move in the future is revealed as a line of light.
Indeed, the apple she was looking at had a faint light running along its surface.
After a while, the light in the form of a hand connected to the light of the apple, and the apple fell down.
“Actually, it’s no big deal.”
Uorin averted her gaze at Harbitz’s words.
“Seeing future movements. That much is just predictable.”
The reason future poetry is powerful.
“The true value is activated when you close your eyes. That’s the secret you were trying to hide.”
If Uorin doesn’t see anything, the timeline can expand infinitely.
‘Because all signals are connected.’
The fingertips of Havitz, the table that the hand touches, the floor that the table touches, and the ground connected to the floor.
If all trajectories of buildings, humans, creatures, and plants built through the site are revealed as lines of light.
“It is going to rule history. By manipulating the variables that occur within it.”
Harvits apologized.
“Well, how are you?”
The timeline spread out in golden light fluctuated enormously.
“If I drop an apple here, what will happen 200 kilometers away?”
The apple rolled across the floor.
Kido will pick it up, and if it’s my job, the janitor will pick it up if it gets damaged.
Of course, the apple is put in the trash and becomes food for insects… … .
‘When the timeline is accelerated endlessly.’ There is a change in the colony where the bugs live, and as a result, a biological change of 10,000 individual units… … .
“stop.”
Uorin stopped thinking.
Because future poetry expands as it penetrates, at some point the brain becomes overloaded.
“Nice.”
Even without Uorin explaining, Harvits penetrated everything with the god’s frequency.
“To think that the trivial act of dropping an apple changed the history of bugs. It is like a god.”
The reason Uorin wrinkled her nose was that the bug could become a human.
“There is a limit to what you can see with your eyes. The history search radius is too vast. At best… …
The degree to which la energy can be found.
“No, no. There is no limit to ability. That’s because your brain is human.”
Harvits thought for a moment.
“I heard that the Gaian brain remains… …
Life in Uorin’s eyes soared, and hot anger welled up in his heart.
“What do you want to say?”
“Don’t forget the reason I kept you alive. You would kill yourself to take it by force, so I have no choice but to join your will…
It was an ability I wanted to have.
“If future poetry goes to Sirone, I think I will feel anger for the first time.”
Harvits headed for the door.
“My method may be good. Think carefully.”
There would be a commotion if he crossed the Kashan area, but there was no way to stop it anyway.
Kido said as the door closed.
“I don’t like it. It was an impossible deal from the start. That guy covets your abilities so much that he’s just taking advantage of you. At this point… …
“shut up.”
Kido’s eyes lit up.
“Wake! Even if you can make an Ultima, Sirone already has someone she loves!”
“Kido, please.”
Uorin slowly raised her head.
“please… … shut up.”
As evening approached, Arachne’s envoys delivered letters to the nations.
“It’s a banquet. Good to sell.”
When Rufist put the letter on the table, Sirone looked down and read it.
“Most will attend.”
“Well, behind-the-scenes work that can’t be done at a meeting will start from now on. I won’t miss it, even just to see the atmosphere. the problem is… …
Rufist pointed to the last sentence of the letter.
“For a fun banquet, we hope that entertainers from all over the world will also attend and shine. On the surface, it may be intended to compete for cultural supremacy, but… …
said the albino.
“The politics of the night is about to begin. I’m going to start a beauty world in earnest from Arachne’s side. I wonder how powerful it is. Why don’t you give it a try? If you know the level, can you infer how much information will leak from other countries?”
When there was no answer, he shrugged.
“I can’t do it. At this age… …
“I will decide based on the situation. More than that, the problem is yin on our side. I want to save it as soon as possible.”
I didn’t say I would keep it.
“I want to refuse if there is a mixture of disquieting intentions. Do I really have to do that?”
No one agreed with Sirone’s words.
‘Can’t I do more than that?’ It’s not a matter of like or dislike.
If everyone did that, Tormia had no choice but to compete.
‘But it’s not good to ignore Sirone’s will. This is really embarrassing.’
Rufist chose the next best thing.
“It is in order to ask the opinion of the tug of war. Sirone, will you go and tell the captain?”
“yes.”
Sirone also thought it would be better to persuade him himself.
“At the banquet?”
Shirone, who found the lodging where the tug of war was staying, delivered the contents of the letter to Ogent Reina.
“Probably not a good spot. It will be teeming with greedy people.”
“I guess so.”
She nodded.
“okay. I will prepare and set off.”
“yes?”
Of course I thought I would refuse.
“Are you okay? You know what seat it is.”
“You can’t go out, can you? We’re fighting for Tormia, so we have to bear that much. Of course, they expect Maya, and if things go bad, I can step in and take control.”
When Sirone showed a distrustful look, Reina smiled and rubbed her shoulder.
“don’t worry. Even in the royal castle, this kind of thing is not uncommon. I trust my sister and leave it to her. But the problem is… …
Reina looked back in the hallway.
“I don’t know how it is with Kayden. You know, if your hand moves against your will
If straight… …
“okay.”
The banquet hall would become a mess.
Reina, who took Sirone to Cayden’s room, explained the situation.
“So, if you stay in the room for a while… …
“It’s not possible.”
Cayden was adamant.
“I can’t send Maya alone. I will keep it unconditionally. Please let me go.”
“Even if you said unconditionally… …
Cayden knew that he couldn’t suppress the symptoms of moving against his will.
“I will not take the sword.”
“It’s a tough spot. A minor mistake could damage Tormia. Just this time… …
“Please let me go with you.”
When Rayna turned around, Maya stood among the entertainers attending the banquet.
“If Kayden doesn’t accompany me, I won’t go either.”
Sirone came out.
“Don’t worry too much. I will go to the banquet too, so nothing will happen.”
Maya’s heart was filled with the fact that Sirone was protecting her, but she shook her head.
“No, thank you for your heart, but… … I want to go with Cayden. I don’t think I’ll feel safe.”
‘Maya.’
Caden’s expression darkened.
Of course, I’m not so stupid that I don’t know how she said it.
‘I’m trying.’
She also struggles desperately to keep her promise to forget Sirone.
Caden stepped forward.
“I swear. You will never make a mistake. So please let me go.”
His willpower was higher than ever, and he glared coldly at his right arm.
‘If you were my body, would you know? If you make a mistake this time, I will really cut you off.’
The right arm was unresponsive.
Upon arriving at the banquet hall, a good 200 people were chatting.
Among world-class figures, Ye-in was very nervous.
“Tormia’s turn is the last. Artists, please enjoy your time comfortably and come when I call.”
That the 10-minute time to decide what to do with Cayden pushed their turn to the end.
‘Surprisingly agile.’
It was proof that this was not the time to be foolish.
The decent atmosphere gradually became overheated as alcohol was added, and there were some standout characters among them.
“Puhahaha! yes, yes! As expected, Rubian is the best for alcohol. Isn’t it?”
It was Marcus, the prince of the Iron Kingdom.
A sensualist in his early thirties, he was still blatantly examining the women at the banquet hall.
“Hehe, so then I… … yes?” While he was talking, he looked around and stopped talking when he saw Maya.
“Hoo?”
Most people knew Maya because she belonged to Valkyrie’s tug of war.
“A famous person is here.” He left immediately, took another glass of wine, and approached Maya.
“Mystery Maya, right?”
His voice was soft, but his eyes, already loose from drunkenness, were menacing.
“My name is Marcus, the first prince of the Iron Kingdom.”
‘The Prince of Iron.’
The intimidation of the position was much greater than expected, and Maya naturally shrank.
“This is Maya. It is an honor to meet you.”
Reluctantly, he held out his hand, and Marcus’s fingers coiled around him like a snake.
“Oh, the skin is very soft… … Just as he was about to joke without paying attention, he saw Caden with his terrifying eyes raised.
“What are you?”
Since this had already been foretold, Maya calmly explained.
“He is my bodyguard. Kayden, hello.”
“A bodyguard?”
One thing she didn’t expect was that this was not a place where common sense worked.
“Unpleasant. Is Tormia only at this level? Yein bodyguards glaring at the prince.”
Covering the right and wrong is meaningless.
If Cayden overpowers Marcus, the enemy country called Iron will only increase at that moment.
‘Be patient, Kayden. If things go wrong with Iron already, it’s only foreign countries that laugh.’
harsh reality.
Cayden had to make a choice as officials from around the world looked at him with snake eyes.
I lowered my head because I couldn’t disappoint Maya.
“Forgive me for my rudeness… …
and that moment.
Cayden saw his right hand pumping his fist up with great speed.

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-1116.txt
=============YYYYY=============
Depth of Abyss (1)
Cayden tried his best, but in the end his fist cut through the air.
‘huh? Empty?’
His motion stopped, but the people in the banquet hall were busy looking around.
“what? what’s the matter?”
Not only Marcus, but the position of the people in the banquet hall had changed.
Wu Lin frowned.
“Keugh.”
Sirone captured the scene, but for now, the first thing to do was to judge the situation.
“A little while ago… …
“I don’t know.”
Lufist shook his head.
“I’m sure something happened, but I don’t know what it is. Was I by your side?”
Sirone searched for his memory.
‘How I got here. When I came out of the room and passed the hallway, I met Mr. Rufist… …
The moment I finished the restoration, I got goosebumps.
‘It definitely moved.’
It had moved approximately 3 cm from the position in his memory.
Also, digging further into the memory, it was the shortest distance among those whose location had changed.
‘It’s not like I was forced to move.’ If something has moved, it’s probably the heart.
‘I came here on my own accord. Something happened, and it changed my mind.’
It felt as if one of the two incidents had been chosen, like the Buddha statue explosion.
Therefore, those without a sense of jealousy would be in an awkward feeling like deja vu.
Rufist asked.
“Can you explain?”
“There are parts that make you guess. But what I don’t understand is the scale is too big.”
Shirone’s actions only change where Shirone’s actions are applied, but… … .
‘Now everyone’s position has changed. In a word, the whole incident is a twisted situation.’
It’s not the level of the time width.
“This is the result of assuming that hundreds of people’s wills were turned at the same time. Who can do this?”
“??????okay.”
Rufist rested his chin.
“As you said, it is not space travel. Because I am also standing here with my own will. But I don’t remember coming this far. I was definitely there.”
He pointed to a corner of the banquet hall.
“Flu was next to me, and I was in contact with an official from the Moon Kingdom. the memory is clear The only problem is, I still feel that I came here on my own volition.”
“That’s the point.”
Is it possible to understand the sudden change of location even though you have no memory?
“There is a case similar to this.” Sirone remembered a man’s face.
“The rapid-fire sword Chagall. His life is marked by memories instilled by Ra E Nami. Because of that, he became a murderer, and now he has fallen into hell.”
“After all, we all went through the same phenomenon as Chagall. Although to varying degrees.”
“yes. Chagall’s entire life was gone. In any case, controlling the effect by changing the cause requires authority at the level of Ankera.”
Rufist arranged it.
“In other words, what has happened is the mind, some ability to change quantum signals. And its power… …
His gaze turned to the floor.
“Is it enough to push the heart of Yahweh by three centimeters?”
Considering that everyone’s position has changed greatly, Sirone has almost remained in place.
‘Don’t be shaken by any variable O’
However, the fact that Yahweh’s footsteps moved even a little was serious.
Lufist murmured.
“The system has changed… …
Sirone thought the same, but this time he had no choice but to remain silent.
‘This is obviously the work of the outside world. It’s premature to share information.’
Of course, there were those who knew, and perhaps one of them had reached the correct answer.
‘Uorin.’
When Sirone looked away, she was hurriedly leaving the banquet hall.
“Still, the question remains.”
Rufist asked.
“okay. It is the result of everyone’s will to change. I’ve lost my mind, and here I am. But if so…
He pointed at Cayden.
“Why did you swing your fist? If Marcus isn’t in front of his eyes, his right hand shouldn’t have moved, right?”
‘Yes, this is strange.’
As Sirone turned his head, Caden looked at his right hand and squinted his eyes.
‘What have I done?’
I still remember Marcus teasing Maya, but I also understood that he was not in front of me.
‘I was just delusional. Because that guy never actually came to me. But why do I… …
Did he try to attack Marcus?
‘Are you angry just thinking about it? Is it really like that?’
The right hand did not answer.
In the midst of a similar confusion, Fermi’s cold gaze was aimed at Cayden.
‘That was it.’
It was one of several keywords obtained from Apocalypse that were not analyzed.
‘Jailbreak.’
It was a phenomenon of escaping from the prison called the body, which did not allow even an inch of gap.
After coming out of the banquet hall, Uorin’s face was covered with cold sweat.
‘Nonsense. How could this happen… …
When the position of the people in the banquet hall changed, her future poetry was sharply twisted.
‘The future has changed.’
The fluctuating lines of light were blinding, and a tremendous shock was applied to the brain.
‘system. Changing itself is not something humans can do. if it is possible… …
“Uorin-
The old woman’s shoulders twitched.
When I turned around, I saw Sirone walking quickly through the empty hallway.
“… … joy.”
He knew that he would follow him, but he felt sad at the same time.
‘I only look for it at times like this.’
Sirone said.
“Do you know what happened to the situation from a moment ago?”
“I don’t know. Even if you know, there’s no reason to explain it to you. We are competitors.”
It was ironic that in order to win Sirone’s heart, he had to defeat him.
“God’s Perspective.”
Since he had told Fermi the secrets of the outside world, they should have reached Uorin’s ears as well.
“This is something only God can do. But I don’t know exactly what happened.”
“ha.”
Uorin sighed and said.
“Follow me.”
Arriving at Kashan District, she looked around and went into her room.
“No one will come for 35 minutes.”
This is because the trajectory of a special event did not appear in the corridor viewed in the future.
“In other words, it means there are only 35 minutes left. I’ll explain briefly. I also have information from you.”
Wu Lin organized her thoughts.
“At the banquet hall, 12 countries gathered. There are countries where the King has attended, like me, but some countries have not. Perhaps the culprit is one of those countries.”
“door. Shirt. and… …
Sirone said in a subdued voice.
“Paras.”
“okay. If the power of God worked in the banquet hall, Paras, where the Pyramid of Truth is located, is a strong candidate. As you may have guessed, King Kitra must have entered the pyramid.”
“Emotional illness seems to have been cured. The question is, how did you change the system?”
“The 12th palace of the zodiac.”
Uorin raised her index finger.
“It’s the movement of the stars.”
Several people left the banquet hall, and one of them was Jin Kang, the emperor of Jincheon.
“Explain.”
When I asked about it, Ahn-chal, who had come closer before I knew it, lowered his head and said.
“The Jincheon Space Agency is investigating. Nothing particularly special happened. but… …
” but?”
“The position of the stars has changed.”
When Jin Kang’s expression became displeased, he continued to speak.
“I wouldn’t say it’s really changed. Maybe it hasn’t changed, but… …
“Explain properly.”
I understood Jin Kang’s feelings, but there was no better explanation for it, even if it was Ahn Chal.
“Your Highness must have felt it, but an event has been pushed into the realm of delusion. However, when it is said that it is an incident that may have actually occurred… …
“Is the position of the stars different from before?”
“yes. It’s not something you can see with the naked eye. It’s about 1/1 of an astronomical number. However, my magic eye is the ability to control the mind, so I definitely feel that something has changed.”
“Hmm, the position of the stars is different.”
Jin Kang asked while brushing his beard.
“What does that mean?”
“The First Universe.”
Wu Lin continued.
“The action of all the atoms that followed from that moment made the present celestial body. Humans, no, all beings in this universe are bound by the operation of the law.”
she opened the window
“There are fish because there is water. Birds exist because there is a sky. Ancient humans were aware of that fact. And I gave it the name Destiny.”
Stars twinkled in the night sky.
“Actually, constellations don’t have special powers. A celestial body just made that way. It means that according to the rules that have been established from the beginning, some human beings will end up living like this. A man named Cayden was destined for the Red Cross… …
Woorin turned around.
“To be precise, it was already decided from the beginning of the universe that Cayden would be born that way, and the result is the constellation you are looking at now.”
A specific pattern created by the position of the stars.
“The Red Cross is in the southern sky, with seven red stars in the shape of a cross. by the way. if… … What would happen if the position of the stars changed?”
Sirone finally realized.
“The law changes. It means that the beginning of the universe, that is, the first cause, is different, so the result is also different.”
“okay. Actually moving the planet would be a big problem. But if it’s different from the start, there’s no sense of incongruity. Because human logic is based on cause and effect. I was born, I have my parents, I have my parents’ parents and… …
Uorin raised her hand.
“And when we finally arrive at the beginning of the universe, human logic is over. Conversely, human logic is born from there, so I don’t think it’s strange no matter what results come out now.”
“It is the result achieved by thoroughly observing the law of causality.”
It was the reason everyone in the banquet hall believed that it was their own will even though they had different memories.
“okay. There are errors in memory. But that’s not all. The change of a person’s position in the banquet hall is a change on a cosmic scale. Of course, the number of changes may be minute enough to be close to infinitesimal, but Paras should be considered to have the ability to fine-tune.”
Sirone remembered Piri, the leader of the new race.
‘Nane said it’s just the beginning. But did Fermi know that the beginning was Paras?
“Sirone, I don’t know what Kitra is thinking. Our job is to uncover the secrets of the outside world faster than Paras.”
“I am exploring the Pyramid of Truth, but it will take time. A decision must be made before the crusade is over, but… …
“There is one more.”
“huh?”
Uorin crossed her arms and asked.
“In Ymir’s dream. Doesn’t the fact that quantum signals are blocked mean that we are connected to the outside world?”
Sirone shuts up at the cold-hearted analysis.
was
‘Come to think of it… …
Those who went into the dream to steal Ultima, what are they doing now?

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-1117.txt
=============YYYYY=============
Depth of Abyss (2)
Gaold had a dream.
Flying fast over the endless sea, he was obviously in a painful state.
Her hair was white, and tears of blood flowed from her eyes, which were only white.
‘Air Press!’
A black monster 2,000 times bigger than a deep-sea whale screamed and wriggled.
lied
Drinking Leviathan.
It was the strongest and worst creature that exists in Ymir’s mind, the second level of depth.
Aaaaaang!
Sein’s face distorted as a tsunami hundreds of meters high was created by Ilgal Bay.
‘Sun and moon halo.’
I wanted to see the two halos interlocking like gears and gradually reducing the sound.
Aaaaaang!
The screams erupted again and eventually broke into pieces.
“this… …
As the restraining power was gone, Leviathan twisted like an unbridled colt.
Every time they hit the sea, a shockwave exploded, and the party was hidden in the pouring water.
“Yaaaa!”
Following the spirit of the maze, the incarnation of Avalokiteshvara with Thousand Arms appeared through the curtain of water.
The number of palms that overwhelmed the Demon God increased to tens of thousands and struck the torso.
Keye!
How long has it been since I heard the scream of a monster?
‘Wrong. It doesn’t work.’ But that’s all, Leviathan flew back up unscathed.
Sirone let out a heavy breath.
‘How long did you fight?’
They entered a place too deep and huge to guess the time of reality.
However, when calculated with the number of agreements with Leviathan… … .
‘It seems like six months have passed.’
The total amount of power was enough to devastate the real planet, but Leviathan was unbreakable.
‘It’s because it’s in a dream.’
But even so, Sirone and the others are also beings who have reached the limit of their mental powers.
“Is this Ymir?”
You can’t shock his psyche.
The biggest problem was that Leviathan could not be frustrated with any attack.
Louver flew.
“Oh Dae-sung, your stamina is at the bottom. Oh no, I must say it’s mental strength. If we take any more time here, we are out of luck.”
Six months with the Demon God is probably the maximum power they can fight without rest.
“… … all right.”
The resolve was quick.
‘I have no choice but to try it or not. If I fail this time, it’s really over.’
the only way.
‘The ability of the outside world.’
After Louver’s objet <Butterfly of the Firstborn> was activated, Sirone’s thinking changed.
‘God’s point of view.’
The realization he has reached now is a stage that Sirone in reality has not yet reached.
‘I need power beyond infinity.’ Yahweh’s spirit is infinite, but why is his power not infinite?
Because the world is closed.
‘Cause and effect are just the logic of time. If you set the direction of time to minus… …
Effects become causes, and causes in turn become effects.
“Infinity cycles to infinity.” it will be infinite
When Sirone’s Hand of God spread his palm wide, the light particles were compressed.
“Big!”
As cause and effect circulated, biting each other’s tail, a change occurred in Sirone’s body.
Louver’s eyes widened.
“That… …
Sirone’s body began to disintegrate, as if a thread was unwound from a skein of thread.
‘More, more!’
As the cause and effect circulated, the unraveling shape became bizarre, and at last the waist was twisted like a twist.
“Aaaaaaa!”
“Oh Dae-sung! It’s not possible!”
The moment Louver shouted, a black line began to wind in the light of the Hand of God.
Above the bizarre law where light and darkness coexist at the same time.
“uh… …
The color of the Photon Cannon, which was born with a roar, was bizarrely mottled.
The distorted colors, as if ink were sprinkled on the sphere of light, are the unknowns of the outside world.
‘A world in which cause and effect are reversed.’ Louver’s expression hardened and his gaze at Sirone cooled.
“The outside world… …
Syrone flies away, biting the tail of the Leviathan heading towards Gangnan and Arius.
“Yaaaaa!” The moment he swung his arm, a huge flash of light stretched out and buried itself in Leviathan’s side.
“Big… …
Another scream erupted, but this time the sound waves were sucked into the Leviathan.
A black and white photon cannon made a messy turn at the side sunk hundreds of meters deep.
When Leviathan’s huge mouth opened wide, everyone in the party looked tired.
“Damn it… …
Before Gaold could finish his words, the roar of the Demon God spewing out all life burst out.
Aaaaaaang!
Every time the gigantic body wriggled, the world shook and cracks appeared in the black skin.
‘It explodes.’
The light leaking out of the cracks was not normal so anyone felt that way.
“That’s Okay!”
Arius shouted.
“It was a shock to Leviathan. In-depth level 1, finally with Ymir… … !”
Before the words are finished, the whole world is dyed in white light.
“Gluck! Gluck!”
Arius drank the seawater that suddenly rushed into his mouth and struggled.
‘Am I going to fall?’
No, it was the sea rising.
The brilliance of the explosion that filled the sky gradually diminished in size as the water rose.
‘are you okay. Now go to Ymir.’ how long did she wait
“100 million! 100 million!”
In the darkness without a single ray of light, Arius struggled with his limbs.
‘When are you arriving?’
It was buried endlessly.
The water pressure, to be precise, Ymir’s mind was holding them down.
“Grrrr… …
As the air in his lungs escaped, Arius’ gaping chin cooled and stiffened.
Meanwhile, Louver has been searching for Sirone.
‘It’s over there.’
Yahweh would be able to withstand Ymir’s spirit, but Sirone did not move.
‘Is it also affected?’ It was difficult to guess what state his mind would be in the process of reversal of thought and reversal of reversal.
‘I will die at this rate.’
Louver, who was looking at Sirone, who had sunk into darkness, brightened his eyes as if he had made up his mind.
‘Dream Barrier.’
It was a taboo among taboos, but it was an unavoidable decision to save Sirone.
As Louver’s body soaked into the water, the color of the sea began to change to deep purple.
‘Please be safe!’
With his consciousness quickly fading, Autumn wandered in search of the maze.
‘Where are you?’
Although he did not know the theory of dreams, his body felt what state he was in right now.
“Grrrrrr!”
The human body cannot tolerate oxygen indefinitely, but this was a dream world.
However, the physical figures were transformed into spirits and were destroying Gaold’s mind.
‘I’m not giving up. maze… …
At that moment, he felt a labyrinth approaching him from the depths of the abyss.
“Garreuk! gurgle!”
As he finally approached Maze, a cold hand wrapped around Gaold’s neck. An auditory hallucination-like voice ringing in my ears. Gaold.
Waking up, Gaold blinked as he recalled his dream from earlier.
Sunlight came in through the windows, and although it was dusty, it smelled warm.
“Honey, wake up.”
When I slowly looked away, Kang Nan was walking towards the kitchen with food in a basket.
“ah.”
yes.
‘Kangnan was my wife.’
then… … Who could be the woman who hugged and whispered to him in his dream?
“Is that a dream again?”
Gangnan asked while trimming vegetables.
Yo O” Heh.
“?… “okay.”
The reason why Kang Nan’s voice is locked is because she also dreams the same dream every day.
It always has been.
Wake up from the dream, take a walk with her, eat, and sleep with her.
‘If I fall asleep again.’
The scene of the most grueling battle is coming to reality.
“Whoa.”
Gaold took a deep breath.
‘It’s just a nightmare.’
yes, it’s a nightmare
The self-reciprocal mutation that had tormented him so much in his dreams was not here.
‘does not it hurt.’
Gaold thought that that alone was enough reason to live in this world.
“we… … What happened?”
It’s just a matter of asking.
“Is that sound again?”
“I don’t know what is real. Isn’t it weird sometimes? here it is If this place is really real… …
“Stop it!”
Gangnan shouted out loud.
“It’s just a dream! I don’t care who you love in your dreams! But, it’s too much!”
The reason they are confused is because they don’t know the cause.
How they came to live here, why they fell in love, why they had nightmares.
“Sorry.”
Gauld got out of bed and hugged Gangnan.
“I was too sensitive. yeah, it’s just a dream Now that you’re awake, let’s start a good day.”
“… … Eat food.”
Gangnan, who pouted his lips, handed over the soup, and Gaold moved it to the table.
‘It’s not strange.’
It’s obvious that there is no cause, right?
‘But it’s strange.’ The feeling of missing something.
‘hour.’
I’ve lived in this house for a long time, but it seems like I’ve lived since today, and I have nightmares every day, but maybe it’s the first time.
“Let’s go.”
Her food was delicious, a relief I would never experience in my dreams.
Gaold set the tableware down.
“Let’s get some fresh air. Doing some shopping after a long time.”
Have you ever made money?
“Ok, fine.”
The lukewarm and uncomfortable feeling would be the same, so it was nice to see Kang Nan smiling at me.
As we went outside, people dressed as refugees passed between the steel-framed skyscrapers.
shoot it shoot it
The sound of waves was heard somewhere, but no one here knew what it was.
“Come on, it’s cheap. it’s cheap!”
The market was lined with stalls, and most of the people’s faces were familiar.
Gaold was relieved.
” how much is this?”
Kang Nan asked with interest in the necklace with wolf teeth attached to the leash.
“It’s 200 fisk, so I’m going to give you 1.5 million. ah
It’s the main good stuff.”
“Honey, let’s do this.”
At that time, a big dog ran from the other side of the market.
wow! wow!
“Arius! wait!” Garold turned his head to see a dog running at him with bandages over his eyes.
“this… …
When Gauld pushed back and blocked the gang, the dog stabbed him right in the stomach.
“shit! what?”
He frowned under the dog’s weight as his wet tongue licked his chin.
“Arius! are you okay?”
When the dog went back at the woman’s voice, Ga Old jumped up with an angry expression.
“Little boy! And if you release the dog… … huh?”
Gaold stopped talking.
A young girl, probably eight years old, was holding the dog by the scruff of its neck.
It’s a common sight that can be seen anywhere, but Gauld’s heart beat wildly.
“??????maze?”
“huh? How does he know my name?”
Confused, Gaold looked back and forth between the river and the labyrinth, lost in thought.
‘It’s definitely the name of the woman who appears in my dreams. but… … Aren’t you a child?’
You must also feel the intensity.
“Little boy.”
Just as she was about to ask something with a serious expression on her face, a tall man approached her.
“Is there a problem?”
Gaold realized that his appearance was the same as the man he called Sein in the dream.
“Oh, the dog came running.”
Sein, who looked at the mess, grasped the situation and lowered his head.
“Looks like my daughter made a mistake. Because Arius couldn’t see her eyes. She’s not very excitable.”
month! month!
As soon as he finished speaking, Arius went and started barking at Old.
“Oh, yes! What’s wrong with you today?”
Kreureung! Kreureung!
Arius, who bit Miro’s sleeve with his teeth, twisted his neck repeatedly and pulled him.
“you really… … ! huh?”
Miro frowned as he saw tears streaming down Arius’ bandages.
Kreureung! Kreureung!
As if she had to go to that man, as if she was pulling her owner with all her might.
“Arius… …
Sensing something for the first time, she slowly turned her head and looked up at Gaold.
“Who is the uncle?”
“Little boy.”
Gaold asked.
“you… … Have you ever had a strange dream’?”

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-1118.txt
=============YYYYY=============
Depth of the Abyss (3)
“Serious.”
The Moon Kingdom’s brainchild, Cheonganmun, watched the deck plate floating on the water rotate.
The law resides everywhere in Mother Nature, and water can be said to be its representative nature.
“This is the first time this has happened.”
Even if it looks like a puddle, numerous particles are moving in the fluid.
It’s chaos indeed.
Gapjapan was a divination device that designed the future in response to the movement of chaos.
“By the way, are you spinning?”
Being unpredictable means that anything can happen.
“What is it?”
When Wenryong appeared, everyone in the Heavenly Gate stood up and stepped back to the left and right.
“Your Highness, are you here?”
“Aren’t you asking what’s going on? People suddenly change their positions in the banquet hall.”
“indeed.”
The leader of the Heavenly Gate nodded.
“Your Highness, the principles of the world are changing. This could never happen in nature. Someone must have artificially tampered with the law.”
“You tamper with the law? Who could do such a thing?”
“maybe… …
Leader felt it.
“It must be Kitra of the Kingdom of Paras. Originally, the zodiacal zodiac was compared to our celestial gate, but it does not have the ability to do such extraordinary things. You must have gained something.”
“Hmm.”
The kingdom of Moon, the birthplace of divination, was not ignorant of the principles of the world.
“Then what should I do? If Paras’ astrology is more powerful, the Moon Kingdom will suffer a loss on the contrary.”
It was making the protagonist helpless.
“There are two ways. The first is to conform to the laws they change. If you have the ability of the Heavenly Gate, you will be able to respond promptly.”
It was a fair argument, but it was not a good feeling to bow down to a rival country.
“How about the second method?”
The leader’s eyes changed sharply.
“The curse, something that blows the flesh to Kitra and makes his mind incomplete is coming.”
“… … Is it possible?”
“If you are a leader of a country, your energy surpasses that of a tiger. It comes with a lot of preparation. but… … It is not very difficult if everything is in place.”
“Hmm.”
Moonryong was lost in thought.
‘Use Paras or kill Paras. Anything will work, but… …
His eyes flashed.
The 12th Zodiac of Paras.
The hologram spread over the pentagram was packed with stars that could be observed from the planet.
“Hmm.”
I watched the constellation called Kit sitting on the podium.
‘It’s quite tricky.’
Even Ankera, the manager of the universe, had the authority to reset the system.
The work of changing the system itself, that is, fine-tuning, is an absolute ability of the outside world.
‘Even if it goes a little wrong, the essence of the universe changes. At any rate, it becomes nothing
I can throw it away.’
Changing the law of the banquet hall was a kind of experiment for a huge change.
“majesty.”
The door opened, and the astrologer of the 12th zodiac drew the state of the banquet hall on a blueprint.
“Your fate has changed.”
“Bring it.”
The astrologer handed over the drawing, and a poisonous snake caught in Kitra’s throat bit it and brought it back.
‘Let’s see.’
The special language used by astrologers can pack a lot into a short text.
“What is this?”
The astrologer couldn’t see where Kitra was pointing, but he could guess.
“This is Cayden, a Red Cross destined man. However, there is a prison break phenomenon on his right hand… …
“No, it doesn’t matter. It happens anyway, and you can’t control it.”
As the astrologer raised his head, Kitra turned the blueprint to point to a sentence.
“Sirone. According to the laws I designed, I must travel 32 meters. But… only three centimeters?”
“He is a master of the heart. It is expected that all causes will reach approximately the same conclusion. Isn’t that why Your Highness allowed us to explore the Pyramid of Truth?”
to find out where God is.
‘Sure, but… … Much stronger than expected. Sooner or later he will meet God in the Pyramid of Truth. If I go through with it to this extent, I could be in danger.’
“Nothing will change, Your Highness.”
“but.”
The stronger Sirone resists fate, the more precise God’s coordinates become.
“I will change the laws of the world.”
“Please work.”
While the zodiac astrologers bowed their heads, Kitra spread her arms.
“I will become a god.”
Miro blinked.
“A strange dream?”
“okay. The sea spreads out, and a huge monster emerges. There’s no way you wouldn’t know if you were Miro.”
“no. I don’t have dreams like that.”
“… … You don’t know?”
It could be.
‘It’s just my opinion anyway. Reality is here.’
But why does Miro’s heart not be able to remember himself break his heart?
“Think carefully. i saw you in a dream what were you trying to say to me huh?”
Gaold.
What was the woman trying to say in the dream?
“Dad, this man is a bit strange. let’s hurry.”
Miro pulled Daddy’s hand.
If it were their parents, they would leave immediately, but unexpected words came out of Sain’s mouth.
“for a moment… … Please talk to me.”
Sein’s house with a cozy atmosphere. Gaul De and Kang Nan sat side by side on the sofa.
“What are you talking about?”
Sein, who was watching Arius and his daughter playing on the floor, said.
“I have that nightmare too.”
Gaold and Gangnan’s expression went blank.
“The sea and the monster you mentioned are still vivid in my memory.”
Gangnan said.
“It could be a coincidence. That’s what a dream is. It’s up to you to bring and paste it.”
“Your name appears.”
Gang-Nan was angry at her husband’s obsession.
“Stop being stupid! Are you going through that ridiculous pain and wishing your nightmares were real?”
could it be good
It felt like my throat would be torn just by breathing, and I prayed that I would rather die every time I fought.
Gaold clenched his fists.
‘does not it hurt.’
It was heaven compared to a nightmare, but the problem was that I couldn’t get rid of the maze’s hallucinations.
“I understand.”
Sein said.
“Because I don’t want to go back to nightmares either. I love my daughter too. but… …
I suddenly feel that way.
‘Why a daughter?’
Because of that trivial question, he couldn’t turn a blind eye to Gaold and brought him here.
Gaold asked.
“Miro, no, why isn’t your daughter dreaming? If you’re lying… …
“Miro doesn’t lie. He’s stubborn, but he’s a good kid.” good kid.
As I savored those words, I heard a sound from the ceiling.
-Everyone is gathered.
Everyone who raised their heads widened their eyes.
“what… …
The wood on the ceiling became convex like liquid, and a pale-faced boy descended.
“Forgive me for being late. I struggled to find the drifting point. I’m glad you’re safe.”
“Who are you?”
The boy shook his head.
“It has faded a lot, too. I can’t help it. My name is Mona. I am a dream comer. I was waiting at the deep entrance, and I had no choice but to come down.”
“A dream designer? An in-depth entrance?”
I felt like I knew it, but I couldn’t remember anything in my head.
“I need your help. Please convince Yahweh. I’m just looking at the bar all day.”
Sein asked.
“The sea. Where is the sea here?”
“You should know. Doesn’t everyone dream? So it’s kind of a nightmare
rum… …
The atmosphere became eerie.
“Of course you know. Even submerged under the sea. Although my daughter doesn’t seem to have nightmares.”
“huh?”
Mong-ah’s eyes, which had been watching the labyrinth, calmly calmed down.
‘… … I see.’
It was a maze-like decision.
“Let’s go at once. Time is running out. Mr. Miro did a good job, but waking up Yahweh is an urgent priority. You will know everything when you get to the beach.”
They would do anything if the secrets of the nightmares that haunted them every day were solved.
“Okay, let’s go.”
After leaving Sae-in’s house, Mong-a followed the sound of the waves.
‘How could I not know?’
The group was shocked.
“I have never been down this road before. Even after living in this city for so long… …
“Because it’s such a memory.”
Mona said.
“If you set the memory of living for 10 years as the cause, it really becomes the result of living for 10 years.”
“You mean this is our first day?”
“I don’t mean that. That time is meaningless. It is such a world, here.”
Sein looked around.
“What happened?”
“It’s all washed away, Ymir’s mind. It is proof that Mr. Louver was desperate enough to restore the city.”
A white sandy beach was visible between the buildings, with only steel frames remaining, and the blue sea beyond.
Hearing the sound of the waves made me feel relieved.
“huh?”
A boy was sitting in a state of collapse in front of the foaming waves.
“Sirone.”
When I approached and looked at it, it was the face I had seen in my dream, but the eyes were drained of life.
“Oh Dae-sung, I brought my friends. Calm down. We have to go fight again.” Mongah shook her head.
“Nothing. You have lost the will to act. Actually, it’s not that I don’t understand.”
“why?”
“I think I activated the dream barrier to withstand the water pressure on the mind of the abyss. The beach you see now is proof of that. It means out of the sea. In any case, I am not subject to psychic attacks here. Because that doesn’t happen.”
“What is that?”
“Are you satisfied with this reality? A combined dream is the merging of individual dreams into one. In other words, everyone’s wishes are connected to create one world.”
“Are you saying we wanted this situation?”
“This is the closest result. Miro realized it when the dream barrier was activated. That’s why I erased all his memories. That image was embodied as a child.”
“Why did you have to?”
“To avoid hurting Mr. Garold.”
Mong-a raised her index finger.
“Dreams are the fulfillment of desires. If Mr. Miro were her saint, Mr. Old would have loved her even if he had suffered her pain. Of course, no one knows where it will bounce. She might be Mr. Sein’s wife as everyone’s desires are mixed.”
Sein burst into laughter.
If Mong-ah’s words are true, he is rejected by Miro even in his dreams.
‘It’s an iron wall.’
“That’s why I erased my memory. The only world in which Mr. Autumn can be happy. Absolutely impossible in reality. Miro wanted that.” “Honestly, there is no way out. The moment you leave this place, everyone is killed. Oh Dae-sung realized something, so I hoped for it, but it would be impossible in this state. Living here would not be a bad choice.”
Gaold turned his head.
“Hurray! The sea, the sea!”
wow! wow!
A big smile appeared on Miro’s face as he and Arius ran across the sandy beach.
there was.

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-1119.txt
=============YYYYY=============
Depth of the Abyss (4)
Gaold asked.
“Is there any chance that Miro will regain his memory?”
” there is.”
Mong-ah looked back toward the beach.
Miro, who had taken Arius and approached Sirone, was saying something.
“If the loss of memory is embodied in the form of a child, it is a way to wait until she becomes an adult. I think it will probably take 30 years.”
“30 years.”
Gaold in a dream can wait as long as it wants.
‘I don’t know. What’s right?’ He said there was no way out anyway, so he had plenty of time to think.
“brother. brother.”
Miro waved his hand in front of Sirone’s eyes.
“Tell me. What are you doing? Is it that much fun watching the sea?”
Gaold and the others watched him.
“Oh Dae-seong… … Mong-a’s face turned into sadness.
“I did a lot of things in real life. None of it was easy. He sacrificed everything and risked his life to fight for humanity.”
Sein said.
“I’m not doing anything right now.”
“yes. Usually, the most earnest wishes come true within the barrier of dreams, but Yahweh’s dreams are quite dry. It is proof that it was fierce in reality.”
Mong-ah’s shoulders drooped.
“Anyway, I’m sorry. It can be said that this is the 1.5th level in depth. If we went a little further, we could have driven Ymir. He had enough ability to do that.”
The blow that Syrone gave to Leviathan in the second stage was also delivered to Mong-a.
‘It’s definitely beyond infinity. In a normal state, I might have been able to defeat Ymir.’
Of course, since this place was in Ymir’s dream, it was impossible to say 100%.
“Eh.], doesn’t say anything.”
As Sirone kept her mouth shut, Miro sat down next to him.
Gangnan asked after seeing Arius sniffing Sirone.
“Why are you a dog? You must have been a human in your dream.”
“It blows reason. Good judgment. If the memory melts anyway, it’s because of instinct. Maybe that dog has a hunch where this place is. Of course, I don’t feel it in clear language like human thoughts.”
While Miro was drawing on the sand, only the waves were crashing incessantly.
“??????there is.”
Miro turned his head at the voice he heard next to him.
“yes?”
“I’m waiting for you.” When Sirone’s mouth opened for the first time, Garold and the others hurriedly rushed there.
“Oh Dae-sung! Are you awake?”
Mong-ah asked, but silence continued.
“What are you waiting for?”
At Miro’s question, Sirone pointed to the horizon over the endless sea.
“bouncer.”
And maybe… … .
“The most powerful thing in the world.”
Mong-ah looked back toward the sea with shocked eyes.
“ah??????
Another unexpected variable is that the point is almost close to the end of the abyss.
“Ymir is coming.”
the next morning.
Unlike the working-level workers who were busy from dawn, the officials came to work later than yesterday.
“Oh, it hurts me.”
The schedules of each country were twisted after the change of people’s location at the banquet hall.
Most of the countries held an emergency meeting to learn the full story of the incident at the banquet hall.
But also some heads of state enjoyed the feast Arachne provided.
‘He killed me yesterday.’
The countries that did not attend would not know what kind of stories were exchanged at the place of enjoyment.
Countries were tense.
“Arachne seems to be focusing on Jive.”
After listening to the attendant’s report, Rufist drew an arrow on the relationship diagram on the blackboard.
“I heard that the banquet lasted until dawn. There must have been some kind of transaction. Starting today, sides will be split.”
the albino asked.
“How have you been? Speaking of hospitality.”
“I didn’t go.”
Lufist turned around.
“I was analyzing the incident at the banquet hall. However, some officials from Tormia attended. It is said that there was no special information exchange, but… …
“VIP is different.”
At Fleur’s words, Lupist nodded.
“We have to send someone in some way to get their information. But more than that, securing allies comes first. There is a country that is currently trying to make contact.”
Sirone asked.
“Where are you?”
“The South and the Moon Kingdom. The South has a lot of interest in Yahweh. On the other hand, the kingdom of Moon changed from hostility to favor. The events that happened last night must have had an impact.”
Rufist pointed to the blackboard.
“But I can’t win at this level. It is an alliance that can collapse at any time. The country that Tormia needs the most right now is Corona. The odds are pretty high.”
코로나는 상아탑의 관리를 받고, 시로네는 그 상아탑의 최고 권한자 였다.
“아직까지 어떤 접선도 없다. 상아 탑 내부의 파벌 싸움이 그만큼 심각 하다는 뜻이겠지.”
“오늘 아침에 도착했어요.”
시로네의 말에 모두가 고개를 돌렸 다.
“직접 담판을 지을 겁니다.”
코로나 왕국.
성전이 열린 뒤에도 제1군단장 바 알이 이끄는 군대는 공격을 거두지 않았다.
살고 싶으면 사탄에게 굴복하라는 것이 마족의 기치였으나, 코로나도 약하지 않았다.
“후우.”
고원에 쌓인 눈은 마족과 인간의 피로 범벅이 되어 역겨운 색감이었 다.
3천의 마족을 전멸시킨 남자는 차 가운 인상에 입술을 따라 긴 상처가 새겨져 있었다.
푹. 푹.
불규칙적으로 시체의 몸에 칼을 박 으며 생사를 확인하던 그가 마족의 팔을 잘랐다.
피가 철철 흐르는 팔을 들고 시체 위에 주저앉은 그가 살점을 물어뜯 었다.
으적으적 씹는 소리에 이어, 입술 을 절단면에 대고 피를 쭉쭉 빨았 다.
식량과 수분을 동시에 채우는 방법 이었다.
“크으, 좋다.”
남자의 이름은 라스카.
미네르바가 오대성으로 있는 인류 안전집행부의 3성급 주민이었다.
인류안전집행부의 별들은 성 뇌를 제외하고 모두 한때 이름을 날린 범 죄자들.
전쟁과 살인의 전문가였고, 마족들 조차 치를 떠는 전쟁터의 악귀였다.
“대장님.”
라스카의 위성 스타프가 무릎까지 파고드는 눈을 밟으며 걸어왔다.
“누님이 진지로 복귀하랍니다. 너 무 오래 머물렀어요. 식량도 바닥이 고.”
누님이란 다름 아닌 미네르바였다.
“식량이라.”
살점을 우물거리던 라스카가 마족 의 잘린 팔을 내밀었다.
“ 먹을래?”
빤히 그것을 지켜보던 스타프가 코 웃음을 치며 턱수염을 긁적였다.
“됐어요. 대장이 입 댄 거잖아요.”
“……너도 정상은 아니야.”
When I went down the mountain by space movement, the soldiers of Corona Kingdom were engaged in a local war.
Minerva shouted.
“you idiot! Where the hell have you been?”
“I tracked down the remnants. What is all this?”
Minerva’s jet spread out at a tremendous speed and pierced the bodies of the demons.
“Don’t you see? Baal began to put pressure on the ivory tower. I won’t last more than three days.”
The number of demons far exceeded that of the human army, even if it was the 1st corps.
Laska said.
“Don’t do that, be reconciled. What is this? Fighting together with the Ministry of Law is worth it, right?”
“I called for that.” Minerva nodded and pointed backwards.
“Go see. Sirone is here.”
“Are you Daesung Oh?”
Upon entering the barracks, Sirone was sitting there.
“Are you here, Oh Dae-sung?”
Of course, all the stars respected Sirone, but Laska’s greeting was condescending.
“yes. I want to meet Taesung. If Minerva were Mr. Laska, they said he could do it.”
‘This older sister is really… … !’
Of course, with his ability, it would be possible, but he had to risk his life with a high probability.
‘Somehow I got caught by a woman like that.’
Laska sighed and said.
“It is quite difficult to meet Tae-seong right now. They are imprisoned in the law.”
“Incarceration?”
Sirone’s eyes widened.
“Who? No, how can Taeseong be imprisoned?”
“It’s Thing.”
Laska’s expression crumpled.
“Yinji and yangji, the power of the two added together is, well, invincible. Because it covers everything.”
‘Taeseong is trapped.’
This was the reason for the tight balance of factions.
“Let’s do it anyway. I just thought that the answer wouldn’t come out anyway. Oh Dae-sung, please solve it.”
Laska took Sirone to the Ivory Tower.
Because it was in a state of war, it had to use a different magic circle than before, and the security was also tight.
‘The atmosphere isn’t good.’
The evidence was that the officials of Corona, who always greeted with a smile, were just noticing.
Upon arriving at the 230th floor of the Ivory Tower, there was an iron door with all kinds of magic circuits working.
“Is Taeseong here?”
“yes. As you can see, it’s a self-destruct circuit. If you try to break it by force, Taeseong will be in danger.”
Sirone frowned.
‘Thing. Although he has a determined personality, he is not cruel. Why do you show such hostility toward Taeseong?’
When Miracle Stream was activated, Laska stopped.
“Stop it. The moment Hexa’s ability hits, it’s over. I have no choice but to cancel the magic circuit inside.”
Laska drew in a deep breath.
‘A thief’s extreme, submerged.’
With an ability that once robbed numerous safes around the world, he becomes immaterial while holding his breath.
‘It’s nice.’
Laska, clouded like smoke, walked toward the iron gate with her mouth wide open.
Like a lie, his figure went inside, and after a while the circuit disappeared.
“Big.”
When the door opened, I saw Laska sitting down with smoke billowing from her body.
” are you okay?”
“All right. Even if it’s non-material, it’s just that it doesn’t touch the self-destruct circuit. The impact on the mind is considerable.”
His mind was torn to shreds, and he seemed unable to move for a while.
“Taesung.”
After passing Laska, Sirone went to Taeseong, who was sitting neatly at the end of the room.
“You’re here at last.”
She smiled sadly, but at the same time there was a welcome light in her eyes.
“What happened? Singh imprisoned Tae-seong. This is a farce.”
“To explain… …
Then a cold voice was heard.
“Stop it, Sirone.”
When I looked back, Singh was guarding the door with Yin and Yin.
Sirone sighed coldly.
“Thing, what is this?”
“You really don’t do anything stupid. all for you I am doing this for humanity.”
“How could imprisoning Taeseong be for the sake of humanity? Until now, the Ivory Tower has protected humanity in countless crises. Taeseong is at the center of it.”
“Things are different from then.”
Sing looked at Taeseong.
“When the outside world opens, Argones is activated. And Taeseong is a manager of the same stature as Argones. she really… … Do you think I can protect you until the end?” When Sirone did not answer, Sing asked Taeseong.
“Taesung, let’s talk about it yourself. Will you still side with humanity after the Argones are activated?”
Taeseong had no hesitation.
“yes. I am the incarnation of the planet and the mother of mankind. I will protect humanity until the end.”
“lie.”
Thing said.
“I don’t trust anyone. The only entity in this world is me. All other beings are just illusions. So, Taeseong, you are the same.”
“Thing, I know your philosophy. But you are wrong. You are wrong.”
“If you’re going to lie to the end… …
Singh held out her hand, and Yin and Yang Ji pressed their power against her with the laws of Yin and Yang.
The entire Ivory Tower was shaking, but Sirone blocked it by smoking a Miracle Stream.
“stop. Don’t do anything you’ll regret.” Ting shouted.
“you idiot! Why don’t you know! Can’t you see how dangerous your judgment is now?”
Sirone’s expression did not waver, and in the end, Singh also decided to use force.
“Forgive me.”
Woo woo woo woo!
At that moment, a roar erupted from under the ivory tower, and Araka from the Ministry of Internal Affairs came running.
“It’s a big deal!”
Taesung asked.
“Araka, what’s going on?”
“Baal! Baal led the army of hell and entered it. up to the 12th floor
It’s Raon status.”
Laska, exhausted, puffed up her bangs.
‘Because I knew it would turn out like this.’

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-112.txt
=============YYYYY=============
[112] Report card at the end of the semester (4)
‘The mental durability, which was strong from the beginning, has increased remarkably. Now I can control immortal functions to some extent.’
Please enable JavaScript
Sirone’s organs were four-way defense type. Like most defensive types, the teachers expected that Sirone would become a defensive mage.
However, Immortal Function reversed the trend. Now, his strong point, durability, has become an essential element to support his offensive power.
As the 20 seconds passed, Sirone gritted his teeth and attempted a final acceleration. As the sound exploded at a terrifying speed, the score exceeded 340 points.
beep-!
When the measurement time is over, the buzzer sounds. Sirone closed her eyes for a moment and took a deep breath. Dozens of children had gathered, but there was still silence in her room. Everyone was staring at the scoreboard.
410 points.
On average, it lasted 30 seconds at 13.6 beats per second. Moreover, the last 5 seconds were more than 15 times per second.
“It’s really amazing. Why are they like that these days? After all, aren’t you really going to become a senior from next semester?”
“No matter how hard it is to get promoted. Theoretical grades are in the middle range. Raising the score in a short time is not an easy task.”
Sirone turned to Canis. It was an unspoken declaration that he would still be able to become a senior.
“It’s really great, that kid.”
Arin admired with a pure heart. Infinite mental power through immortal function and durability to control it. There’s even a unique magical inclination to put mass on light.
There was no other way to explain it other than that he was a wizard especially loved by God.
“Hmph, at this level, you can call it your nemesis.”
Canis’ fighting spirit flared up like never before. At first he thought it was a difference in attributes. However, the demonstration presented by Sirone more than shattered that illusion. If it is now, it will be pushed back even in a battle of brute strength.
Canis, who had been glaring at Sirone for a long time, turned around roughly.
“Let’s go, Arin. The tour seems to be over.”
The students felt relieved as they watched Canis and Arin walk away. Although Shirone did not represent the level of Class Five, she felt the same sense of satisfaction that she had defeated the great mage’s apprentice.
“Sirone, it was really great. I messed up the test, but I feel good. Is it all if you are a disciple of the archmage? How dare you ignore the Class Five of the magic school?”
“Sirone as well as Iruki and Nade. Are you guys really planning on getting promoted this time?”
“Well, you’re doing your best.”
Sirone evaded an immediate answer. However, Nade, who took 3rd place, was very excited about the fact that he had passed the practical test.
“ha ha ha! of course! Get ready to treat your seniors with respect! now! Let’s practice in advance from now on. Call me, senior!”
Students’ protests poured in.
“Very conceit pierces the sky! Get away with it!”
“If you were my senior, I would rather not go to school!”
“If you drop out of the theory, why are you talking out loud because you’re embarrassed? I will pray for you every night so that you never get promoted!”
Either that or not, Nade proudly straightened his back and smiled. Because he was friendly with all the students, it was a hoot he could endure.
Shirone and Iruki sneaked out.
‘Ugh, embarrassing.’
The final practical exam is over.
* * *
summer was going
A cold wind blew in the morning and evening, and the plants and trees prepared to change into colorful clothes. However, it was still hot during the day and the children were busy burning the end of the semester.
It was now the last week left. Classes ended last week, and all that was left was the final exam.
Tests are taken sequentially every day, starting with class ten. And finally, on the 6th day, the students of Class 5 moved to the exam hall, soothing their exploding hearts.
Sirone and the others also ate breakfast and arrived at the test site early.
The test lasts exactly 12 hours, with a 5-minute break. Compared to an ordinary school, it could be said that the schedule was close to heavy labor, but for the students of the magic school, maintaining concentration was just as important as knowledge.
The test questions are classified into A, B, and C types, but the questions are the same, but the arrangement of the correct answers is different. This was to prevent cheating and to reduce as much as possible the chance of getting the answer right by chance.
Sirone was type A, Iruki was type B, and Nade was type C. Assigned to different exam halls, they were relaxing in the hallway before the exam started. As this test determined the performance for half a year, even the world’s bad guys had no choice but to stiffen their bodies.
Nade was trembling continuously even in the mild weather.
“Ugh. I’m dying. Sirone, how are you?”
“I feel like throwing up. If you make one mistake, it’s all over. Especially the repair department.”
“Let’s stay calm. Anyway, enough time. It is not too late to be nervous after receiving the test papers.”
Iruki’s words calmed the two of them. However, when the bell rang to start the exam, everyone had no choice but to turn pale.
“Come on, let’s go in. See you later with a smile on your face.”
“okay. Go for it!”
The three entered their respective exam halls after 12 hours.
Supernatural Psychic Lab.
Sirone and the others were busy grading their grades. It is impossible to leak the test papers, but Iruki perfectly restored the test questions.
A Servant’s memory is incapable of forgetting. It was like putting a stack of papers in a drawer in your head and being able to pull it out and read it whenever you needed it.
When Iruki called a question, Nade wrote it down and Sirone found the correct answer. After working until dawn like that, I was able to restore the test papers for all subjects.
Although their bodies were already exhausted, the three of them scattered and started substituting answers.
Since the test paper restored by Iruki was type B, he had to match it one-to-one with the correct answer Sirone found.
“Whoa, I’m nervous. I think I messed up some subjects.”
Nade made a sound of pain. However, everyone had weak subjects.
“so do i. Seriously, this is really brutal. Even if you get a perfect score in another subject, if you fall short in one subject, it’s over, right?”
Sirone was nervous like never before. He couldn’t guarantee a promotion even with his insight.
“It’s a study group for that anyway. now! Let’s do the evaluation later and finish the grading first.”
A few more hours passed like that, and gradually the outline of the grades began to emerge.
Nade was the first to stand up with his fist raised.
“Oh yea! done! Average 82 points! I broke 80 points in all subjects!”
There was no particular high score, but I raised all subjects equally and scored 82 points. In the past, he was a bad boy who laughed at Class 4, but he couldn’t be happier when he got promoted.
Iruki and Shirone didn’t say anything. The point of truly bursting into celebration was when all three were confirmed for promotion.
After scoring, Iruki leaned back on his chair and wiped away his sweat.
“Whoa. That’s it. 87 points. One 80 points came out in the language. If I had gotten one more wrong, it would have been over.”
“wow! So are you passing? congratulations! Class Four!”
“What is this? Anyway, it doesn’t feel bad.”
Nade and Iruki looked back at Sirone without asking anyone first. If only the last one passes, their first long-cherished wish, simultaneous promotion, will come true.
However, Sirone did not respond. Iruki noticed that his scoring hand was not moving.
“Sirone, what’s wrong? Did you screw up the test?”
Sirone’s face, seen from close up, was as pale as white paper. It was clear what had happened.
Nade asked nervously.
“Why are you doing that? How many points do you have?”
“86 points… … .”
“Wow, did you have a good look?”
Nade was genuinely surprised. She set a goal of getting everyone promoted, but when she heard it, she thought it was a miracle. Sirone was the son of a commoner and lived a life far from studies. However, he received an average of 86 points in just half a year of hard work.
Compared to Iruki, who scored an average of 87 points, who passed the math class with a perfect score using his Servant ability, you can see how desperately Shirone studied.
Iruki tilted his head, perhaps thinking the same thing.
“well… … didn’t you see Are there any subjects you messed up?”
“That, I don’t know.”
“You don’t know? what do you mean? tell me exactly.”
Sirone nervously bit her nails. No matter how much he thought about it, he didn’t come to mind.
“Iruki.”
“huh?”
“What is the answer to the last multiple-choice question in the math proof?”
“Oh, that? Are you linking the two equations together to prove it? That’s a very long answer.”
Iruki, who had said that far, said in surprise.
“You can’t… … ?”
“Uh, I don’t remember. Which proof did you consider as the correct answer? I’ve tried unlocking it again, but it’s the same. Even back then, I was definitely thinking about one of the two.”
“How many points? If that’s wrong, how many points?”
“78 points… … .”
Iruki and Nade realized the seriousness of the situation. The final multiple-choice question is worth 2 points. Therefore, the result of one problem is the difference between promotion and retention.
“How could you not remember that? How many times did you write the answer?”
“number 3. But I can’t confirm because I’m blood type A.”
Nade hurriedly pulled out the test paper. Only one example was filled with 20 lines of atrocious proofs. To be honest, I was wrong about this too. Perhaps the only person who solved it easily in Class 5 was Iruki.
Sirone clutched her head in agony.
“I thought it was number two or number three. I was in conflict with 10 seconds left, but it suddenly came to my mind. however… … I don’t remember what it was.”
It happens once or twice when time is tight. Nade and Iruki, who had been attending magic schools since childhood, knew full well what that feeling was like.
But this time it was a matter of promotion. If I fall here, I have to stay in Class 5 for another half year.
Nade was on the verge of dying from impatience.
“shit! I can’t wait!”
“What are you going to do?”
“I have to go and check it myself. Let’s ask Shiina-sensei. You are a dedicated teacher.”
It seemed that even Sirone would not be able to get hold of anything at this rate. After making a decision, the three left the study group and headed for the exam hall.
It took a whole day to score, so the Class Four test was currently in progress. Sirone and the others entered the building during lunchtime and anxiously waited for the teachers to return. About 30 minutes later, Shiina walked down the hallway. The three of them ran toward it like a race.
“teacher! teacher!”
“huh? why are you here Didn’t the class five exam finish yesterday?”
“The math proof A-type multiple-choice last question! What is the correct answer to that?”
Shiina tilted her head. Although her major is chemistry, all teachers participate in grading because the question paper is reviewed at least three times. Of course, even if it wasn’t her major, her student-level math was funny if she was good at it.
“Why is that suddenly?”
“Quickly! I mean, this is a really important issue.”
Shiina, who read the urgency in Nade’s eyes, recalled the final multiple-choice question. It was a fairly difficult problem, so it remained in her memory.
“Oh, that? If you’re type A, you’re number 2, right?”
“No.2… … .”
As if struck by a hammer, Sirone’s body stiffened. He wrote the correct answer 3 times. In the end it was wrong. The score is 78 points. His breath stopped when he thought that his promotion would be canceled by only two points.
“No.2… … No.2… … .”
Sirone, who was muttering the same thing, suddenly grabbed the back of his neck. Then, in the end, I couldn’t stand it and fell back. Just before collapsing in the hallway, Ned hurriedly helped him.
“Sirone! are you okay? Wake! You say you are indestructible!”
“No.2? why… … How could that be twice… … .”
“Sir, let me go! take care!”
Even while being dragged away, Sirone muttered the same thing. Shiina, who blinked at her as she watched her, smiled and headed for her office.
“Anyway, aren’t they tired? I am full of energy every day.”
The office was cluttered with teachers grading students. Shiina also sat down and started scoring. Then she suddenly opened the drawer and took out a type A paper for the math proof.
“Didn’t you say it was the last multiple-choice question?”
Shiina looked at the last problem. She tried to solve it with her eyes for a while, then she said with a bright smile.
“Ah, number three.”
Ariane Sirone. promotion confirmed.
—————————————

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-1120.txt
=============YYYYY=============
Peer identification (1)
Baal, commander of the 1st Corps.
He was a different being from other corps commanders just by having a planet-destroying Pandemonium.
‘This is serious.’
Above all, it was incomprehensible that the Ivory Tower, where mankind’s strongest wizards gathered, could be easily penetrated.
Sirone realized from Singh’s calm expression.
“… … Didn’t you intentionally stop it?”
“You brought it upon yourself.”
Thing said.
“You shouldn’t have come here. It would be better if the ivory tower disappears than to give Taeseong freedom.”
Sirone’s eyes widened.
“Why are you doing this? You’ve saved humanity from countless crises so far. Why?”
“There was a time when Taeseong’s strength was needed. It’s different now. When the outside world opens, Cell Buster is activated. And Taeseong will be the vanguard of that destruction.”
“it is not so.”
“Trust me, Sirone. Managers are not human. They have no heart. It is because of such a program that has kept humanity up until now.”
“Even if it is a program, they have a will. He has affection for the world he has created.”
“It’s just that it was decided.”
Thing said.
“Everything other than me is an illusion. The only entity in this world is me. My parents, my friends, and everyone I’ve met are just programs.”
“I am not a program.”
“Maybe. But how do I prove it?”
“I am not crazy. There is too much responsibility on our shoulders to decide anything to the extent that it probably will.”
Thing pointed to Sirone.
“How you define managers will change the future of mankind. The stars that follow me believe in the fact that you couldn’t prove it. Conversely, the stars following you simply believe in you. It is extremely emotional.”
“it is not so.”
Sirone shook her head.
“Just because you couldn’t prove it doesn’t mean it’s a lie. Rather, it is close to the truth in the circumstances. If it’s close to the truth, it’s much more efficient to believe that and plan something.”
“Even though that trust could lead to the destruction of mankind? Calm down, Sirone. Even if you make a hundred concessions and there is truth in what you say, isn’t Taeseong clearly a manager? i will help you It removes the threat so you can track the outside world.”
The ivory tower shook greatly.
“Go, Sirone.”
As Baal broke through the 70th floor, Taeseong said.
“We must prevent the ivory tower from being destroyed. You are the only one fighting now.”
Thing said.
“Leave the ivory tower, Sirone. you can’t go down The stars will block you.”
As soon as the words were finished, Yin and Yang Ji raised their hands at the same time, demonstrating the harmony of Yin and Yang.
‘A tremendous law.’
Thing’s perseverance is the strongest in the ivory tower.
However, the one she was trying to restrain was not Sirone, but Taeseong from behind.
‘Even in the midst of countless human crises, there is no record of the negative and the positive.’
Why did Thing hide them?
‘To fight the manager.’
If her tenacity was so strong, it would be too much to convince him by talking right away.
‘Taeseong.’
Sirone looked around briefly at Taeseong, who was bound by the law of yin and yang, and opened her mouth.
“Hold on for a little while. I will come back to get you.”
Taeseong nodded, and Sirone’s gaze turned to the door behind Singh’s back.
“You will regret it.”
Before she could finish her words, Sirone was already walking past Me Thing.
A day after the opening of the crusade, a rough alliance began to form.
In the midst of heated discussions among the leaders of each country, a phenomenon in which Dofia and Fia were distinguished took place.
‘Jive, Iron, Arachne. It’s an alliance.’
It was the 3 countries that held the banquet last night, and they were also convinced through Omega.
‘The countries that spread the moderate policy are not. But if you look inside the story… …
All monsters of greed.
“I’ll take a break for an hour.”
At lunchtime, the leaders of each country left one by one according to the alliance structure.
“Let’s go. Jive will treat you.”
Gis, the King of Jive, took Iron and Arachne’s royal family to the restaurant.
A girl came running from the end of the hallway as Sirone watched.
“dad!”
“Oh, my princess.”
It was Rebecca, Geese’s daughter.
He looked about thirteen years old, and was adorned with jewels inappropriate for his age.
“This is our daughter.”
Praise from the royal family followed.
“Your beauty is already out of the ordinary. Hey, it’s because there are many beauties in Jive.”
“haha! It’s because she resembles her mother. I’m worried as her father because I’m immature, trusting only her face.”
“dad!”
Rebecca shouted, and the royals laughed.
‘Hey, I can’t even score 70.’
Rebecca’s eyes widened as Marcus, Prince of Iron, judged the thirteen-year-old.
“huh?”
I saw Sirone at the end of the hallway.
“Yahweh?????
Sirone lowered her head slightly, and she smiled and waved.
“Rebecca.”
Sensing her father’s voice to live, she lowered her hand.
‘Oops.’
Geese was a man who could kill even his daughter if anyone interfered with his ambitions.
Of course, Rebecca had no complaints.
There were so many things she could enjoy if she accepted that one restriction.
Watching the royal family walk away, Sirone thought.
‘Why did you wave at me?’
Rebecca, the princess of Jive, is known to have a nasty and extravagant personality.
‘Where did you see it?’
At first glance, it seemed familiar, but upon closer inspection, there was no matching character.
“ah.”
Sirone’s eyes widened.
“Death Princess?” The meal prepared by the Jive Kingdom was secretly conducted under strict security.
The royals sitting at the long table tasted delicacies from the mountain, and Rebecca was also in the last seat.
‘Bored.’
She remembered Sirone.
‘It’s really high gear and looks exactly like it. Ha ha, it was really fun back then. Did he recognize me?’
In order to hide his identity, he changed his hair color and other various changes, but deep down he was looking forward to it.
“I have no appetite at all.”
Basak of the Iron Kingdom said.
“Eating every day is hard work. No matter what you eat, eat there, and at times like this, the common people are envious. ha ha ha!”
Geese chimed in.
“That is a big problem for people like us. Eating delicious food gives me strength and running the country. So, I developed a new dish.”
“A new dish?”
Geese clapped.
The door on the opposite side of the entrance was opened, and five naked children were dragged out with their collars tied.
My skin and bones were in contact with how starved I was, and my pupils were loose due to lack of strength.
“Ahhh… …
In that state, when he smelled the food, his whole body trembled as if he had been struck by lightning.
“Something to eat! eat… … Kuck!”
They crawled, struggling on their limbs, exhaling heavily as they were caught on a leash.
The muscular man restrained the children at a distance where they would not reach the table.
Gys smiled and asked while Iron and Arachne’s royal family blankly watched.
“Don’t you have a bit of an appetite now?”
maybe it’s a shame
However, at last night’s banquet, their bond, which had already shared the end of the fall, was strong.
said Marcus.
“Oh, indeed. Are you getting an appetite?”
As the meal resumed, the children on leashes struggled with their arms toward the table.
“Eat… … Give me something to eat.”
“The steak tastes very good. Now, Bonnie, King Jive’s cooking skills are outstanding.”
“haha! It is overrated.”
Everyone enjoyed the place, but Rebecca frowned at the children’s faces.
‘Uh, if you’re going to do it, wash up and bring it out. Anyway, I really like dirty things.’
She was the one who had watched Gis get drunk and greedy for pleasure since she was a child.
The royal family, who had been sifting through food quickly with their appetite after a long time, spoke before swallowing what was in their mouth.
“Anyway, it sucks. Harvits, it sucks. It’s quiet.”
“What are you going to do in the temple? villainy? It’s all fake. There are things people can’t do to make a living.”
Geese agreed, waving his fork.
“Exactly. Who knows if I didn’t kill people when I was younger. The things that are definitely lacking take form with those things. If he is Satan, then I am the father of Satan.”
“Puhahaha! That’s a saying!” As the royals burst into laughter, Harvits also had his jaw wide open.
“Some people die unjustly while planning big things, huh? You’re under a lot of stress again, huh? It’s just that it can be attacked by instinct. Why, we are men.”
“Beast, beast. Kuck.”
“Yes, beast! How can we run a country without such grandiosity? People don’t know that.”
Rebecca wasn’t offended.
‘Say the same thing again, say the same thing again. They fed the whole country. I hope the auction opens soon.’
When it’s obviously not their business, humans don’t care.
“I really enjoyed the meal.”
Havitz set the dishes down on the plate, wiped his lips with a napkin, and stood up.
“Eat… … . something to eat… …
After watching the starving children for a while, Havits threw food off the table to the floor.
“ah! iced coffee!”
Harvits squatted down and asked while he was chewing meat voraciously.
“Is it delicious?”
A child raised his face with a surprised expression.
But there was no one in front of him.
It can be said to be quite pure in that it heard the sound of the moment, but that’s all.
“Grandpa Satan.”
Havitz, who soon lost interest, walked up to Gis in the seat of honor and grabbed his wrist.
“Anyway, please help me. The word “leadership” means “leadership,” doesn’t it mean that we should all become one?”
Geith’s arm bent, and the knife in his hand approached as if stabbing him in the eye.
“Hmm.”
Normally, I would have gouged out my eyes.
‘It sucks.’
However, it was premature to touch the king because he still had a deal with Uorin.
“I’m bored. Anything fun?”
Havitz moved around the table and took a seat next to Rebecca.
‘Shall we try sironena? Dad would love it too. I’ll buy some hallucinogens later.’
Hearing the sound of his heart, Habitz shook his head.
“It’s all the same. anywhere.”
He put his legs on the table with a bang and muttered as he pushed back the chair.
“Isn’t there something different?”
Special sounds to entertain yourself.
Wizard said.
“I see it over there.”
At the end of the horizon she pointed to, the capital of Jive stood in majestic majesty.
“Simultaneous events cannot happen in the same space. I’ll disappear from here, see you in Delta.”
Amy and Sirone held hands.
“okay. Don’t worry, I’ll safely infiltrate the wizard into the delta. Because this Kael is there too.”
The Wizard, who had been watching the sorrowful appearance, lowered his head sullenly.
‘this child?… ”
While Ikael was observing him, Sirone put her hand on Wizard’s shoulder.
“There is no need to feel pressured. In case of an emergency, I will be there. can
I guess?”
Killing Harvits.
“yes.”
Vitality returned to the Wizard’s eyes.
‘I won’t disappoint you.’
Sirone canceled the simultaneous incident, and Amy looked back at the wizard and held out her hand.
“Now, shall we depart?” After hesitating for a moment, the wizard took her hand and moved her steps as if he couldn’t do anything about it.
‘Even Master couldn’t kill Satan. but i can Just kill Havitz. then maybe

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-1121.txt
=============YYYYY=============
Peer identification (2)
Ikael guessed.
‘It must be disappointing.’
To Wizard, Sirone was her only teacher and a support she could rely on.
‘It’s been 7 years since I experienced the world. However, their abilities as biological entities are super first-class.’
love nonetheless
Although he had no desire for the Eucharist, it must have been a pure and blind heart.
‘Sirone can give what parents cannot give. This kind of situation will happen naturally.’
It was something a normal kid could just laugh at.
But wizards sooner or later have to get their hands dirty with the blood of the most evil Satan in the world.
‘I hope there is no change in emotions. The moment I kill Havitz, I hope he is in a pure state.’
like a machine.
‘If you fight for someone, if you have no choice but to kill for a month, if such an accident permeates… …
variables arise.
‘There’s no way Sirone doesn’t know this. That’s why I took it even though I knew it.’
Sirone could have turned Wizard into a weapon only to kill Satan.
‘But it wasn’t cruel. I couldn’t ruin a child’s life.’
It was Yahweh’s greatest weakness.
‘I have to help.’
Ruling heaven as an archangel, she understood the cost of perseverance.
‘It’s not something I can do alone. sometimes… … There are times when you have to be cruel.’
Maybe Guffin will be angry.
‘sorry.’
I didn’t want to see my son embracing the pain of humanity any longer.
In the awkward atmosphere heading to Jive, Wizard suddenly raised his head.
“If Satan dies, will there be peace in the world?”
Her gaze turned to Amy.
“Well, of course not. It is because of Satan that this world has become so turbid.”
Ikael listened intently.
“But even before Satan came, the world was turbid. I heard you fought a lot.”
“You heard from Sirone.”
Amy knew what the Wizard wanted to say.
“yes. Satan is created by the human mind. They said that even if we kill Satan right now, the world will not change unless we achieve an integrated mental system.”
It was Yahweh’s philosophy.
“Maybe. But we’re doing what we can. Wizard, you will be the beginning.”
The Wizard let go of Amy’s hand.
“If you kill Satan and bring peace to the world, will you marry Sirone?”
“That’s something you don’t know. I love Sirone, but marriage is in the distant future.”
“Can I?”
“huh?”
Wizard wrinkled his brow.
“If you love me, you want to be with me forever. I think her older sister is full of her confidence.”
Amy couldn’t explain the trust she had over so many battlefields with Sirone.
“You will know when you grow up.”
“well. Time is tight for that. Because I have to kill Satan to have a future.”
Feeling that the Wizard’s words had bones, Amy looked back and said something surprising.
“If I kill Satan, if the mission is successful, can you promise me? I will not marry my brother until I grow up.” Amy also had her childhood.
He also did some outrageous things to seek love from his individualistic family members.
‘Sirone is probably the only one. It could be the conviction that there is no one better.’
With no answer, the Wizard opened his mouth again.
“It was just because I was curious about her thoughts. Don’t bother too much. Mind is… …
“Wizard.”
When Amy stopped walking and squatted down, the wizard secretly averted her gaze.
“I know what a great responsibility you are taking on. My feelings for Sirone. I will do anything I can to help you fight for humanity.”
The child’s lips were weeping.
“If Satan disappears from the world, I will not marry Sirone until you grow up.”
Rain fell in the wizard’s heart.
‘It’s not like that.’
Even though I knew there was no way for everyone to be happy, I just dreamed.
As Wizard burst into tears, Amy smiled.
“we??????
At that moment, the triangular Mara Ashur appeared next to Ikael and drew his sword.
“Avoid!”
Before he could finish his words, Ikael jumped.
Aaaaaang!
A tremendous shock was applied to the land at a distance of 23 km from the delta.
Ikael and his party reappeared around the lava flowing crater.
Amy looked at the Wizard.
” are you okay?”
The eyes of the child, who suddenly changed into battle mode, were aiming at the gigantic archangel.
“Who are you?”
Amy looked in the same direction.
“Yuriel”
The Archangel of Destruction, Uriel, rose with a magnificent vibration.
“Ikael, how long did you think you could avoid me?” Ikael had a hunch.
‘You’ve finished your resolution.’
Also, this was a situation she did not want to face more than anything else.
Ashur bowed his head.
“sorry. I blocked all signals where the location was exposed, but because the range was narrowed… …
No matter what kind of deception he used, it was certain that Ikael would come to Jive.
“no. I am also responsible. I couldn’t respond to his approach.”
The fact that he penetrated even the middle of the senses was what showed Yuriel’s strength.
“Please take the wizard with you. I will stop here.”
“Haona… …
Ashur hesitated.
‘Can I really win? Yuriel has never seriously challenged Ikael-nim.’
Even if he didn’t show it, it was Uriel who respected Ikael more than any other angel.
‘Ikael, the source of all concepts, becomes a force with just his existence.’
It’s not just Ymir’s strength.
‘No child overpowers his parents just because he is stronger. It is also a kind of powerlessness. To Uriel, Ikael was such a being, but now the Archangel of Destruction was about to break the bondage of the source and reveal his power.
Ikael said.
“… … These are the wounds I gave you. I need to talk to Uriel. Please follow me.”
Ashur lowered his head and incarnated next to the Wizard through the power of Signal.
“Let’s go. I will move to Jive.”
Now that the stealth signal is broken, Satiel will also find out Ikael’s location sooner or later.
Amy stood up.
“I think we should have one more person left.” Ashur raised her head, Mara in her gi strode toward her.
Uriel’s twin Mara Aruta.
The reason for existence is only the understanding of martial arts, and the realm far exceeds that of humans.
Aruta said.
“Yuriel-sama wants to meet Ikael alone. Anyone who gets in the way will be punished.”
“Wizard, go.” Amy said, but the Wizard shook his head.
“No, I will. I am confident.”
“You can’t win. go.”
Of course, Wizard is strong, but all training was conducted with Havitz assuming.
‘Even if you have talent beyond experience, you picked the wrong opponent this time. This guy is strong.’
If you ask what kind of strength it is, I can’t answer.
However, if someone were to train only one thing over tens of thousands of years, it would be this kind of energy.
‘There shouldn’t be even a 1 percent chance that the wizard will be unable to carry out its mission.’
Wizard insisted.
“I can win. If you’re just struggling with a guy like this, even Satan won’t be able to kill you.”
“Don’t be c*cky.”
The reason Wizard is unique is that only she can destroy Vanishing.
“You are still far away. Go get Satan.”
“At least I… … !”
The moment the Wizard was about to shout, Amy glared at her with red eyes burning.
“Go!”
Wizard’s shoulders twitched.
Thunder thundered in her heart, and before she had time to speak, Ashur activated the signal.
“Be careful.”
After the wizard disappeared after the last words, Amy exhaled and said,
“Don’t even think about chasing me.”
“Don’t get me wrong. It’s just according to Yuriel-sama’s decision, I won’t do anything cowardly.”
“okay?”
Amy snorted.
“The subject who deliberately took advantage of Sirone’s absence to speak grandiosely. Were you so afraid of Yahweh?”
Aruta’s muscles twitched.
“I repeat… …
Uriel said he had something to say to Ikael, but it was more miserable to explain.
Aruta, who stopped talking, lowered her stance and brought the right regime to her side.
“I’ll finish it in an instant.”
At that moment, his temperament changed dramatically.
‘That’s it.’
It seemed that all the logic needed to subdue the opponent with fists was concentrated into one point.
‘One hit kills.’
The moment you fail, the level will collapse, but it was the confidence that you will never fail.
‘I don’t like it.’
The key to maximizing Hongan’s ability was whether or not he could avoid the blow from the second round onwards.
“You don’t look good. Are you afraid?”
Amy raised an eyebrow at Aruta’s words.
“No way.”
Flames burned up the air from her body, which contained the energy of invincibility.
“Come on.”
The battle ended with avoiding the attack and counterattacking, and Aruta knew it.
‘It’s unique.’
Amy’s fiery temperament followed Mother Nature’s providence.
In the middle of the confrontation with one of the simplest strategies in mind.
“Uriel.”
Ikael said to Uriel as he climbed above the crater.
“I know I don’t deserve it. But Satiel will destroy humanity. She is not in a state of sound judgment right now.”
“I know.”
Yuriel, who landed on the ground, approached Ikael closely.
“Isn’t that what you wanted? I gave up angels and heaven for the one person I love.”
“I didn’t give up. only… …
Before he could finish his words, Yuriel’s fist hit Ikael’s face with a full blow.
There was a roar, and the ground split in a V shape along the way Ikael flew.
Looking at the radially open landscape, Yuriel slammed the ground hard.
Ikael was sitting at his feet, which arrived before the thumping sound waves.
“I could have killed you.”
even a little while ago.
“I’ve thought about it countless times since you left. Do you really need to destroy it? You, the source of all angels…”
“Looks like you’ve made your decision.”
Ikael still had some strength left, but he fell and did not move.
‘Uriel can destroy everything.’
The reason he was able to control it is because Ichael is the cause of all angelic concepts.
‘It must feel like self-injury.’
It was a blow with a different weight than fighting against each other.
Also, that must have been the mindset of truly wanting to kill someone.
“Get up. Let’s have a good fight. Seeking sympathy in this way will not change my opinion.”
“What do you want?”
The moment the two collided, the world would shake, but the outcome would not change.
‘I can’t perish yet. At least after Syrone spreads her will… …
Ikael raised his head.
“If you ask for an apology, I will. Anything more than that, I’ll do as you please. Give me some time. I still have work to do here.”
“It just destroys.”
Uriel slowly raised his feet.
“I’ve already thought enough to get tired of it. The most accidents since I was born…”
His expression was as cold as metal as he stared straight into Ikael’s gaze.
“Let’s finish.”
The Judicial Halo Ragnarok was activated, and his foot flew into Ikael’s face.
Woo woo woo woo!
Just by stopping in front of her nose, all the scenery behind her was blown away.
If he showed any sign of fear even for a moment, he would have blown his face off.
The eyes that look at you without an inch of doubt, that expression, that figure, that dignity.
‘Kariel.’
like a mother
‘You’re the first to be understood.’
Uriel was in conflict again in front of another weapon that only Ikael possessed.

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-1122.txt
=============YYYYY=============
Peer identification (3)
After lunch, Sirone walked through the corridors of the Delta Headquarters and was lost in thought.
‘I’m a bit uneasy.’
I don’t doubt the abilities of Ikael and Ashur, but the future of mankind depended on it.
‘I have no choice but to trust you. Now I have to devise a full-fledged strategy with Tormia.’
Just as they were expecting the wizard to arrive, Satiel approached from the end of the hallway.
“Sirone.”
It was awkward.
“Where is Ichael?”
Sirone kept her mouth shut, but Satiel guessed that there would be no answer.
“You know that. Ikael and I have a problem to solve. If you tell me where Ikael is, I won’t lay a hand on you. I might be able to help.”
“Why?”
Sirone asked.
“Still, even if it’s just a bit of affection for me
Is it because it remains? Or is it because you’ve already killed him once?” Satiel’s eyes lit up.
“It’s fine whatever you say. Because I don’t regret my decision. If I had to go back, I would do the same.”
“I know, I couldn’t help it.” Her expression didn’t change, but she couldn’t stop the sexual glow from shaking.
“The only archangel who stood on the side of the Gaians. Your sense of betrayal when Guffin chooses Ikael… …
“What do you want to say?”
“Because there is no turning back, one mistake ruins everything. But now I can turn it around. I am alive like this now.”
“I can’t turn back. Even so, it doesn’t change the fact that I drove you to death.”
“I will not resent you.”
Satiel bit her lip.
“So you can’t start all over again? The death of her child must have been a great pain for this Kael, but now she has me by her side. It can be reversed.”
The air vibrated.
Satiel’s vibration was a pious yet supernatural sound wave.
‘Can you turn it back?’ I’d be lying if I said I wasn’t shaken by Sirone’s words, but I’ve come too far.
‘The way back must be that long.’ She was exhausted, and what moved her now was her will, which even her rage had petrified and hardened like her mission.
‘Guffin.’
if you can get it back
‘Even so, Guffin won’t come back. she took it all Ikael took everything from me.’
Sirone called with force.
“Sathiel.”
The voice permeated the planet as loud as thunder, and Satiel wrinkled her brow.
“What about me… …
At that moment, a double Mara Gallio appeared next to Satiel.
“I found Ichael!”
His eyes, which had an extreme-grade decomposition eye, were spinning like a whirlpool.
“You found it?”
Even as Satiel hurriedly looked back at him, Sirone did not understand the situation.
‘how?’
The fact that Galio captured the location meant that Ashur’s signal was broken.
“Ichael!”
The miasma rose again in Satiel’s expression, and without a moment to stop, he broke the window and flew away.
‘Simultaneous events… …
Sirone, who used Amy’s perception to go there, bit her lip.
“Kuk!”
Signals were colliding due to the nature of two people being unable to exist in the same space.
“Blitz!”
At the same time as he shouted, the Thunder Dragon Blitz knelt in front of him with a thunderbolt.
“Did you call, Messiah?”
“Right Now… …
As Sirone was about to give instructions, he saw hundreds of flashes shooting out of the window.
They were flat angels.
“Follow me.”
At the same time Sirone threw herself out of the window, the 12 apostles followed.
Aruta and Amy did not move, but they had already competed in numerous sums.
‘come.’
The virtual Aruta gave up the regime, and Amy twisted and tried to counterattack.
‘failure.’
Amy’s head exploded.
In thousands of simulations, she successfully counterattacked 0 times.
‘I can’t win.’
Of course, Yuriel’s two-legged Mara would not be weak, but his blows exceeded the scope of Mara.
‘Die.’
I hurriedly grabbed the energy that was about to be disturbed.
The reason Aruta can’t attack is because Amy still has the possibility of a counterattack.
‘The moment it shakes, it’s the end.’
A tight balance with no margin of error like dust was the only way to prolong her life.
‘I can’t avoid the blow by any means. It’s such a strong aura that I’m sure of it.’
Cold sweat dripped down.
“Huh.”
Time was passing even while I was barely suppressing my tears.
In the midst of such weakening energy, Aruta found a gap in Amy.
‘It came out.’
The insight that came from the understanding of nothingness acquired throughout his life led to his body.
‘This is the end.’
As Aruta rushed to the ground, Amy felt her consciousness fade away.
“ah??????
My head went pale and empty, and an unavoidable blow came right in front of my eyes.
Because he had no thoughts, even if he died like this, he wouldn’t even be able to think of the word death.
‘so that… …
It was no different from being already dead, and Aruta’s blow had that meaning in it.
At the boundary of the ball where the world is reduced to nothingness, Amy heard a voice that did not belong to her.
Mahavanya.
It was a Buddhist sutra that Nane memorized next to her when she first opened the hwagye and lost consciousness.
The consciousness opened and the red eyes lit up.
‘Immortal function.’
In a state where she even forgot her own existence, she became a fire in her natural state.
Aruta’s fist reached right in front of him, but distance no longer mattered.
‘Fire.’
The flame of the red flame wrapped around Aruta’s arm and entered his mouth and burned his intestines.
“Big!”
Before he could even feel the pain, his body evaporated and a huge whirlpool of fire was lit in its place.
‘Aaaaa!’
Amy was moved to tears.
‘It must have been like this.’
Sirone’s heart was understood, and the meaning Nane wanted to convey was perfectly understood.
‘Burn everything.’
The flame that devastated the huge radius disappeared as it spread like an explosion.
In the center of it, a beautiful female body with her whole body turned into fire was gently closing her eyes.
Aware of Aruta’s disappearance, Yuriel slowly lowered the foot that was aiming at Ikael.
“Get up.” Since he hadn’t reaped his murderous intentions, Kael stood up with a cautious movement.
“I thought I had thought about it beyond my imagination… … It seems I was mistaken.”
“Uriel, that is the heart.”
Ikael said.
“Thoughts are just thoughts. All angels think according to the laws of the universe. But you didn’t follow Satiel.”
It was the reason Ikael had hoped for.
“Because I have a heart. You can change things with your will. Isn’t that why you came to me?”
“okay. to annihilate you.”
“That anger is also heart. But you’re hesitating. That’s why I couldn’t throw my heart out.”
Guffin taught me.
“When you can throw everything, you will find your way. Until then, feel…”
A booming sound was heard in the sky.
“Ichael!”
Satiel, who had flown in with countless angels, was falling at a terrifying speed.
“kill!”
She jumped out at the same time as she landed, and when she raised her fist, Uriel took out the Geon of Paradise.
“what… …
In an unexpected situation, Satiel applied the brakes, but his fists were stuck in paradise.
A roar exploded, and a powerful shock wave centered on the two angels swept the ground.
Satiel’s eyes widened.
“What are you doing?”
“… … Ikael was talking to me.”
“So what are you doing? Now the archangel is me. If you do not obey my orders, I will consider you a traitor too.” Uriel looked up at the sky.
Hundreds of ordinary angels were preparing to bombard by activating their judicial halos.
He looked back and said.
“Anyway.”
“this… …
As Satiel unleashed his judicial halo, Uriel’s asteroid also spread into a ring of light.
As the light rotated between the two people facing each other, another powerful shockwave spread.
Satiel flew away, and Uriel cast Ragnarok wielding the scepter of paradise.
“Is this the only way to clear your intuition?” Even at the moment when the thunderbolt exploded, Satiel gave the order without thinking about stopping it.
“Kill Ichael!”
Qurrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr
A white bolt of lightning surged above Satiel’s head, and hundreds of angels bombarded the ground.
The battle of angels unfolded.
The ground shook due to the collision of concepts and concepts far higher than humans or Mara.
The 12 apostles, who were flying in the sky at breakneck speed, shouted at Sirone in the lead.
“Messiah!”
“okay.”
Seeing it with her own eyes, Sirone frowned.
The battlefield of the angels resembled a disaster that could happen somewhere in the universe.
“I will take it. Check the wizard’s life and death. And if possible… …
Ikael and Amy too.
“All right.”
Blitz, who understood the will of the Messiah, bowed his head, and the remaining apostles scattered in all directions.
Meanwhile, Ikael is surrounded by hundreds of angels and fends off an attack.
“Respected Ikael.”
Even if he is not the archangel, the fact that Ikael is the source of all angels has not changed.
“Why have you forsaken us?” Form Angelica El used her infinite hexahedron to bind her feet.
The binding force containing the concept of cowardice is so strong that no physical force can solve it.
“Proof.”
Her body that opened Ataraxia was a concept that would surely transcend certain limits.
Breaking the shackles, she stepped forward and stretched out her slender arms. Her fists stopped in front of Jariel, and angels rushed from all sides.
said Jariel.
“Take it.”
Ikael’s heart was torn when he saw his asteroid that was prepared for extinction.
‘Those who have lost their source.’
From the appearance of the angels rushing towards him with the eyes of the emptiness and emptiness.
‘It’s because of me.’
Ikael hesitated.
‘No, it shouldn’t be like this. It’s something I’ve already committed to. I will fight for Sirone.’
The thought was fleeting, but the attacks of the angels pressed her much faster than that.
Sirone galloped at a speed close to the speed of light.
“Ichael!”
As if time had stopped, a single spark rose from the frozen landscape.
‘ what?’
At the same time as realizing it, Amy’s crimson eyes, which had arrived in front of Ikael, burned red.
‘Jonathan.’
A sphere of fire as huge as the sun was born, taking over the entire radius of the angels.
“Keugh!”
Covering her face with the Hand of God, Sirone made an expression of exhaustion from the tremendous heat.
“Amy?”
The form of the flame was definitely Amy, but it was on a different level from what he knew.
‘It’s not a phenomenal fire. This is it.’
Dealing with fire signs freely means that she also mastered incarnation. I? re? =
The sphere of fire disappeared, and Amy, who regained her human form, looked back at Ikael.
“are you okay?” Ikael, unable to answer, looked blankly around the room.
“Big uh…”
Numerous plain angels caught in the fire were sitting on the ground with their wings of light melted.

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-1123.txt
=============YYYYY=============
Peer identification (4)
After having a meal with Iron and the royal family of Arachne, Gis received a report from his room.
“Angels out of Delta?”
“yes. Ignoring even the nonsense that Satiel had made with Jive, he led his forces and set off.”
“Hmm, that proud angel?”
As for demons, contracts to angels are far more powerful than humans think.
“yes. and… …
The aide hesitated and said.
“Sirone seems to have followed suit. Seismic waves were also captured at the Jive border point.”
The situation was sketched out roughly.
“Looks like Ikael or something. pass in moderation If you go after each and every one, there is no one to work with.”
“I think the word will come out from another country.”
“It didn’t happen in the temple, so drive that way. It’s stupid.”
“All right. and… …
The aide pulled out a newspaper.
Jive As a daily newspaper published nationwide, it had a great influence domestically.
“A tracking article appeared. It seems that information about last night’s banquet has been leaked.”
“what?”
Geese, who had changed into a new suit, snatched the newspaper from buttoning up.
Under the title, “Accusing corruption in the temple,” I saw the signature of a reporter named Maykele.
“Is this guy again?”
“He is a brilliant graduate of the Royal Political School. I have been writing articles critical of the royal family for a long time.”
“It’s been bothering me for so long. Arachne guys, have you been so lax? This is why you shouldn’t play with cheap ones.”
“What should I do?”
“Try coaxing with money, and if that doesn’t work, coax with bigger money. What is that, didn’t you say your son was sick?”
“I am hospitalized with a congenital heart defect. He said he had been receiving treatment at the hospital for two years already.”
“How is it?”
“I hear you are improving quite a bit.” Geese, who was fastening the last button, stopped her big hand and turned her head.
“Hey, aide.”
“Yes, Your Highness.”
“Do you have children too?”
Of course, when I asked what he knew, the assistant officer answered with a puzzled expression.
“yes. Her first daughter is going to school soon. She is the second. She is four years old this year.”
“What if, how would you feel if your son had such a disease?”
“You must feel bad. Maybe it feels like your heart is being ripped out?”
Geese’s eyes tightened, and he turned his arm with all his might and slapped his cheek.
The aide fell on his side, and Geese’s foot landed on his stomach.
“A guy who knows that handles things like this’?”
“sorry!”
“When a child is sick, parents’ hearts are torn or not? will it tear? Then what should you do?”
Geese’s feet flew into the side of the crouching aide.
“You don’t have to mess with the kid any more! Kill half of it! Whether you bribe the doctor or strangle him, don’t you think you’ll have to catch your breath!”
Geese hit the aide with the nameplate on the desk where Harvitz was sitting.
“Is your head full of poop? Your head isn’t spinning like that? Go right now and overturn everything!”
“Forgive me!”
Although beaten until bleeding, the aide could not bear to say that he would do it.
‘How can a person do such a thing.’
While living as a politician, he committed numerous corruptions, but there was a line that could not be crossed.
‘As the aide dutifully endured the child who suffered from high fever every day, and the child who could not breathe without medicine, Geese
I lowered my nameplate and gasped for breath.
‘Look at this bastard?’
It seemed like he was going to get hit a few times.
“Hey, wake up.”
“yes yes!”
Even in a state of confusion, the aide jumped to his feet and dusted his clothes.
“Hey, are you going to do politics with that? Are you going to live here only wiping my back for the rest of my life? Is that all a man can do?”
“no.”
“I am the one who donates to the foundation. Do you know how many patients I saved? Do you think that small conscience of yours will help this society?” The aide bit his lip.
“The state takes care of the children to use it at times like this. Are you smart? Why do you keep projecting your life onto other people’s children?”
Geese put his hand on the assistant’s shoulder.
“Or what? Do you really have to see your child hurt that much to know what reality is?”
The assistant officer’s pupils shook in shock.
“Huh.”
Then he turned into a tearful face, then fell on the floor and hugged Geese’s legs.
“sorry! really can’t
I will! majesty! Please save me just once!”
My hands trembled in fear.
‘It’s a monster. This man is a monster.’
What does it mean to be on top in a world where everyone wants a higher place?
Gis dropped his nameplate.
“I’m really excited.”
I want to beat and kill him right now, but the value of use is more important than emotion.
“okay. wake up. A pitiful fellow.”
“sorry. thank you I will do my best. Thank you, Your Highness!”
Geese rubbed his back.
“It’s just what it says. You must have misunderstood something, but you don’t have to get blood on your hands.”
“yes’?”
The sight of the aide blinking his eyes while bleeding from his nose made Gis tense.
“If you can’t do it, let someone else do it. Is there a thug for nothing? Find an idiot and bake it with money. you know what i mean you know how to do it.”
“ah?????? yes.”
Geese nodded.
“What are you doing? If you know, go quickly and deal with it! Do I even have to scoop it up with a spoon and feed it?”
“no! I will do it right now!” As the aide rushed outside, Geese changed his blood-stained clothes into new ones.
“Anyway, just call the ship. What kind of hands and feet have to be right to eat? annoying.”
After putting on his tie, he went to the mirror and saw Havitz standing behind him.
“Isn’t there a smart guy? Other kingdoms are full of speedy guys. I have to do everything, very.”
Harvits let out a yawn.
“It’s boring.”
No matter where you go in the human world or whoever’s mind you read, you’re going to get sick of it.
“I got a hint, though.”
Geese couldn’t recognize Satan until Harvitz opened the door and walked out.
“by the way… …
His expression became serious.
‘Which kid did you snitch on? Is it a trap? No, Arachne doesn’t have that kind of guts.’
Do you think you should refrain from pleasure for the time being?
“Sir… …
A sixty-two letter came out.
Tormia area.
Having received information that Sirone has left Delta, Lufist summoned the leadership.
Among the albino and ponies included, Rufist threw a newspaper on the table.
“Today’s daily newspaper. Published by the Kingdom of Jive. The reason it wasn’t published in the morning paper must be to avoid censorship.”
Flew opened the newspaper.
“I saw it before I came. It’s still just a suspicion, but Jive is the host country of the holy war. Wouldn’t that be a blow to Geith’s position?”
“There will be no big shock. With Gis’ level of power and money, it’s not even a job to make a single person an idiot.”
Albino touched his beard.
“Still, there will be restrictions on your actions. Attending the banquet would be self-respecting. Who is the snitch?”
“I don’t know yet. It won’t be a trap. Arachne’s world of beauty isn’t that clumsy.”
Fleur asked.
“Then why did you inform me?”
“Since it is a human matter, there must have been an incident that night. Once the eyes go back, it’s human to do anything.”
“so? Why did you call us?” Lufist opened her mouth.
“I want to take advantage of this incident. Personally, I think it’s a hint.”
“It’s about burying it politically. It’s more peaceful than assassination. But how?”
“As a result, it seems that Arachne’s beauty world has failed. But Geese is like a beast. He’s out of the banquet, so he’ll be suffocating. I thought maybe I could dig into that gap.”
said the albino.
“Right now, even Tormia can use beauty type, is that what you want to say?”
“yes. Geese will be extremely careful. But what if there is a person who can pierce that vigilance? Then it becomes fun.”
Fleur asked.
“Who is that person?”
Rufist and Albino turned their heads in silence, and she pointed at herself.
“Me?”
“Tell me if you don’t like it.”
“no. I admit it’s a good operation. But I’ve never been trained in the world of beauty. Besides, she’s not particularly pretty.”
“Don’t underestimate yourself. As long as you are good enough. It was decided considering the ability to judge the situation and the ability to respond.”
said the albino.
“Above all, the reason why this worked was that Gis was in a very unstable state. safety first. Wouldn’t it be sweet bait to have a tryst with the chief secretary of the Tormia Magic Association?”
“Wouldn’t you buy yourself at all?”
“Testosterone is powerful. Apart from scientific theory, history proves it. Of course, it depends on how much you trust Kish, but there is a good chance.”
“Hmm.”
While Flu was running the simulation, the albino looked back at Lufist.
“… … So is it now?”
“yes. Sirone will be against it. It will go as far as breaking the alliance. But we still need Yahweh. This agenda must be conducted in secret.”
Rufist asked again.
“Answer?” Fleur’s eyes softened.
Harvits strolled through the town of Jive.
“There are a lot of people.”
As if being the host country of the temple was a kind of pride, events were being held every day.
‘Well, it’s not a job to look for.’ The daughter of Kish who fell into luxury and gambling. The voice of her heart was excellent even in a crowd.
Entering the casino, she was shouting.
“good! bet! 200,000 gold!”
Holding a drugged glass, it was easy to see that she was insane even without God’s frequency.
Havitz drew his sword.
“The daughter of Kish.”
If you destroy the child of the person who pushed you to kill someone else’s child, how will he react?
‘I’m curious about that sound.’
It wasn’t particularly crazy, but it was going to be a game of its own in a boring temple.
‘This is why a history search is necessary.’
It was not possible to collect extreme sounds simply by killing and harassing.
No one recognized him as he approached the casino table with a long sword.
‘Vanishing.’
Although, the moment Rebecca is stabbed, the nations of the crusade will point to Havitz.
“It’s not a temple, this place.”
Gisui’s logic was also included in his play.
“Good good! 300,000 this time! Eat right!”
Havitz, who walked up behind Rebecca, glanced to the side for a moment before raising his longsword.
‘Shall I cut off the arm first?’
At that moment, he noticed something in the scene from before and opened his eyes wide and turned around.
A seven-year-old child was standing.
“Is Gustav Havitz the atrocious of the times?”
Havitz opened his mouth blankly, looked left and right alternately, then pointed at himself.
“Can you see me?”
“I will kill you from now on.” I tapped her child’s mind with God’s frequency, but I couldn’t feel her murky life.
only one piece of information.
“Wenna… … Wizard?”
Only her name pulsated.
continues in the next volume

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-1124.txt
=============YYYYY=============
trigger (1)
“Life is fundamentally difficult. It’s like throwing an incomprehensible manual and telling me to read it all. If you skip over it, you lose the context, which makes it harder to read. The problem is, unless you read it all over again, there’s no chance you’ll get any better. look outside The only ones laughing and running around are kids and fools. All well-intentioned humans turn the page with a frown. How to understand more? Keep it simple. Buy a revolver and put only one round in the magazine. Then, when you hate everything, you put the gun to your temple and pull the trigger. There is probably a low probability that the head will fly off, but if it clicks and misfires, from next time even the beggarly writing will be quite readable. yes, that’s right The contents do not change. I don’t change I mean, they don’t mind getting their heads blown off. just pull Click! Click! Click! The level of understanding the world is different. I tried pulling it a couple of times, but I couldn’t do it anymore because my hamstrings were numb. don’t try to understand Leave it alone. equally among those madmen
If you pull the trigger… …
“Oh, you are cute.”
The people at the casino watched with interest at the wizard blocking the entrance.
“I think you came alone, are you okay?”
A casino is a place where children are treated as adults as long as they have money, but I felt too young.
“Should I go and ask?”
Everyone was full of curiosity, but no one actually took action.
Even the guard was the same.
‘ weird.’
The guard with his hands in his pockets just watched with his head bent.
‘No, it’s strange that it’s not strange.’
Even if it’s a royal family, it’s their job to send a seven-year-old child outside.
But now I don’t feel that way.
It was as if he couldn’t even think of moving it even after seeing Mount Tai in front of him.
‘Why?’
absolute rightness.
It was as if Havitz’s vanishing had been turned upside down.
‘Finally we met, Havitz.’
The scenery of the casino seems to have lost its original sense of reality after she appeared.
Only the Wizard was clear, and Havitz, who was still outside of cognition, tore his mouth.
“Quack, yes?”
‘Will it really be okay?’
Ashur looked around the casino one last time before leaving Jive.
Just ten minutes ago, Wizard was a seven-year-old child.
“I am worried about Amy. Mr. Ikael too. Can’t she go back now?”
Ashur’s heart was disturbed at the sight of her crying face.
“huh’?”
At one point, her temperament completely changed.
“Why?” He gulped at the sight of him staring across the street without saying anything.
‘Have you seen Habitz?’
Of course she can stare at chaos.
‘but… …
The spirit that could be read in the wizard’s eyes was completely different from the one she had just a moment ago.
‘trigger. The trigger was pulled.’
Simulations that were probably repeated in billions while training with Sirone.
All of their minds were focused on the answer that only assumed the match against Havitz.
“Wizard, you… …
“go.”
It was a cold tone.
‘Through self-hypnosis, I drew concentration that transcended the limit. I already have no thoughts other than Harvits.’
No, it’s not an idea.
‘Doesn’t justice, even murder. Right now, this child is just repeating himself endlessly.’
Wizard said.
“I will do my job.”
Ashur nodded at the machine-like automatic technology.
“request.”
Even using Signal’s ability, recognizing Satan was beyond his ability.
‘Even if you stay here, you will only become prey for Habitz. It’s better to go to Ikael.’
Ashur’s figure disappeared.
“You must come back.”
After staring into the empty space where he disappeared, the wizard turned to face the casino.
“Are you going to kill me?”
Looking at the wizard, Havitz asked.
“why?”
“… … Because I have to die.”
He finally realized from the tone of voice and calm eyes that couldn’t feel life.
‘He’s a natural enemy.’
If you had the ability of history search, could you have eliminated this situation before it came?
‘No, it’s not like that.’
Even if he killed the wizard, someone else would take the place of his natural enemy.
‘Fixed immutable result. Something that has already been decided.’
It was God’s point of view.
‘Should I shake it?’
As Havitz’s eyes widened, a huge evil energy filled the casino.
“Ugh! oooo
Everyone shed tears with a terrified look on their faces.
“bet! 200,000 gold.”
Vanishing’s ability allowed them to continue the game without allowing any recognition.
“Cool! Cool!”
Havits did not look away even as the people coughing up blood and collapsed one after another.
‘I won’t last even 10 seconds. Everyone dies.’
It was the energy of evil that made even Eden, who is now proud to be the strongest yora, kneel.
Wizard was still indifferent.
‘God’s frequency.’
And the voice of the heart heard by Habitz.
‘Wenna Wizard.’
only its own existence. It was a special state where there were no enemies, allies, or even the world.
‘Patience. It’s amazing.’
extreme purity.
I was about to tremble in front of the energy that seemed to have been created only to kill Satan.
‘No matter how much I hate it… …
What are you bringing?
When Havitz released the vanishing, the people in the casino suddenly realized and screamed.
“Aww! what’s this! It bleeds!”
The medical team was mobilized while everyone panicked in a terrible state without knowing how they had suffered.
Amidst the mayhem, Havitz looked up at the ceiling.
“ha.”
The play is over.
‘I wanted to play more.’
Today he is killed by a child in front of his eyes.
‘Humans. world Universe.’
Can’t you see me alive?
“Well, okay.”
After all the wounded had escaped to the infirmary, Havits put her sword in the sheath.
“Would you like a drink?”
Pointing to the bar in the casino, the wizard in a concentrated state tilted his head.
“I have no other intentions. You can’t run away anyway. If today is my last… …
The battle with the wizard will be fun.
“I want to play properly.”
Who can believe Satan’s words, the Wizard nodded.
“great.”
The reason why you don’t feel a sense of incongruity even in an adult’s tone is because that’s actually the case.
‘Extreme image training. Did you artificially raise your mental maturity level?’
When dealing with Havitz, the wizard becomes the spirit of a person in his early 20s who is full of energy.
The two sat at the bar side by side.
“Whiskey, fill it up. with the most poisonous And this… …
Harvits asked.
“milk?”
“I am done.”
Havitz shrugged and handed out a gold coin to the bartender.
“Give me that.”
While the whiskey was being prepared, Harvits waited, burning the drug asker.
“Thank you for granting my wish.”
“I have no intention of taking a surprise attack. I want to do it while conveying my intentions to you.”
Because there is no intent to kill.
The concept of assassination, the moment you define something, destroys the wizard’s innocence.
“… … is it.”
Harvitz let out a long puff of Asker’s smoke.
“There is something I want to ask you.”
“Please speak.”
“We share the same nature. Maybe you can kill me.”
Since there is no murderous intent, the case of Havitz avoiding the Wizard cannot happen either.
“If I die… …
Because he is pure, he recognizes vanishing and trains himself to the limit, so even God’s frequency is useless.
“Would you like to try Satan?”
Wizard turned his head for the first time.
“For humans, parents are the cause, but for God, they are the result. Just because I kill my parents doesn’t mean the concept of parents disappears. In the end, results come first.”
from God’s point of view.
“So is Satan. Even if I die, the concept of Satan doesn’t go away. That’s why I want you to do it.”
Because someone has to protect the playground.
“I refuse.”
Wizard was adamant.
“Elimination of you is the reason Wena Wizard exists. I have no life after that.”
“is it.”
It was like looking in a mirror.
Havitz, who sucked deeply into the asker, gulped down the full whiskey.
“Big.”
Putting down his glass with a cool sound, he got down from his chair and pointed to the door.
“Let’s start slowly.”
Havitz, who came out with the Wizard, looked up at the sky in front of the door.
“Can you move through space? let’s go wherever we want It would be nice to be somewhere where there are as few people as possible.”
There was no way she could care about her in a concentrated state, but it would be different after the battle.
“I see.”
When the wizard cast space movement, it sped across the sky like a flash of light.
The destination was a clearing in the woods 20 kilometers from downtown Jive.
“It’s okay. secluded.”
Hearing the birds fly by, Havitz drew his longsword and opened the distance.
Eleven black shadows formed under their feet.
“Shiok.”
Immediately, 11 fanatics, excluding the sloth 4 o’clock, formed a circle around him.
“I’m sorry, but I have to use Shiok. Without this, my strength would be cut in half.”
“It doesn’t matter.”
It was a simulation that had already been assumed.
‘The four o’clock of indolence is death.’
I’ve heard that you can’t make 0.666 of every second, but each person’s strength is considerable.
Gyoman’s 1 o’clock bowed his head.
“Sorry, Satan. Still, the 4 o’clock of sloths are not selected.”
“it’s okay.”
Shiok is a fanatic who voluntarily follows Satan, so it cannot be artificially created.
“There is nothing that will change, what. If you’re ready, let’s begin. Shall I go first?”
Eleven Siok turned to the Wizard.
“A cheeky bitch. I’ll tear you limb from limb.” Despite the tremendous amount of killing, the wizard just closed his eyes in a natural posture.
Si-ok’s emotions were agitated.
‘What’s this?’
The legitimacy is so strong, a clear presence that I don’t want to pay attention to.
‘As no one doubts the sun… …
If Satan is outside of cognition, her existence is at the core of all cognition.
‘I have a feeling that someone 2,000 kilometers away would know this child.’
When the Wizard opened his eyes, the transparent incarnation began to shimmer like a haze.
“The impermanent god.”
A bizarre-shaped tree with a fetal face was rapidly rising.
“Whoa, whoa.”
The eyes were swollen and closed, and a tongue as long as the body came down from the mouth and swayed.
While Musangin wriggled wildly and grew, Siok could not move.
‘What kind of ability is it?’
“Whoa, whoa.”
At that time, dozens of branches stretch out like the arms of an insect from the curved trunk.
“Huh
The sound suddenly cut off, and the image of the free spirit disappeared as if it permeated the air.
The moment when Shiok shudders in the distant silence.
“damage!”
Wizard made a hand sign.
“Injustice.”
Without even time to react, a shock wave in the form of a fist hit Shiok from above.
Havitz’s eyes, which were buried in the roar, shook.
‘What is this?’
When the free god permeates the world, the wizard takes control of the five systems that make up the universe at the same time.
100% cognitive ability to comprehensively accept reality, the other side, Drimo, Undercoder, and The Abyss.
‘Where did you fly from?’
Its absolute creativity transcends the system and hits the target directly at zero distance.
‘No, it didn’t come from anywhere.’
It was a shock wave created out of nothing.

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-1125.txt
=============YYYYY=============
trigger (2)
The first o’clock of pride frowned.
“Keugh!”
She was the one who changed and restored the past choices before the shock wave tore Havitz apart.
‘It’s dangerous.’
There was no cause for anything that came out of nothing, so the time to judge it was fleeting.
‘If only there had been four o’clock of indolence at a time like this… …
What can I do?
Having been pushed from the back by the same comrades and died.
uh oh
In the body of the wizard who succeeded in preemption, the haze of the free god rose again.
The branches twisted even more bizarrely, and the long tongue wriggled like an eel.
“Now! attack… … !”
The moment Shi-ok shouted, the form of the Musang-sin permeated into the air again.
“Injustice. centripetal world.”
As the wizard’s handwriting became more complicated, the 2nd and 3rd shockwaves exploded around Shiok.
“Big!”
Although the 1 o’clock of pride is holding out with a hidden code, the speed of repeated hits has increased.
“Attack! I can’t stand it any longer!”
The five o’clock of prejudice shouted.
“You are a worm! A bug that can’t do anything!”
I thought it was over.
Even if she denies it, the three o’clock of egotism will refute her claim.
The 10 o’clock of revenge cast a curse, and the 9 o’clock of delusion drove the wizard into an illusion.
Wizard’s actions against him.
“Free God.”
It was simply to let the incarnation of the hideous tree permeate the world again.
“White Porcelain Rotation.”
Hands of tree branches protruded from the dozens of whirlpools created behind her.
As those hands grabbed the air and rotated like a twist, Shi-ok’s face twisted.
“Keugh!”
All hidden codes have been destroyed.
‘Return the law.’
The system that the Wizard senses in an integrated sense also includes the other side of the world.
The Hidden Code is not human logic, but her logic is not human either.
‘So what?’
Habitz answered Shiok’s question.
“Nobody knows.”
A world only felt by wizards, creativity created based on that world.
“… … Well done.”
I don’t know who raised the wizard as a combat weapon, but I was thrilled with its efficiency.
‘You’re still young. less experience. The physical impact isn’t that strong either. but… …
potential power.
‘That possibility that can’t measure the limits.’
Bringing something to this moment that will probably blossom in the distant future.
“Do you want to kill me like that?”
Knowing that he was an unstoppable being, Havits felt a sense of kinship with the Wizard.
“Quack.”
Isn’t there nothing better at the end of life?
“Let’s play!”
Havitz’s facial muscles pulled back, revealing Satan’s true face.
It was faster than Shi-ok, and nails sharper than swords brushed past the wizard’s cheeks.
“Super Gongmu Rotation.”
When Wizard put his hands together in the Danjeon, a huge ball of air fell straight down.
Woo woo woo!
It was so powerful that it shook the ground, but Satan was only slightly bent at the waist.
“Cheuk, yes. Your creativity, obviously unavoidable and unstoppable… …
As the cloudy amber eyes stared straight ahead, a tremendous amount of evil energy rushed in.
“I can’t talk about it because I’m so weak.” When the wizard’s facial muscles twitched for the first time, Wanderer’s 6 o’clock kicked the ground.
‘Now!’
The wizard cast a spell on the kick of a martial artist who was supposed to have worked hard for 200 years.
‘Air shield.’
The air curtain burst and the man’s shin struck the child’s side.
All of my ribs were broken.
Wizard, who flew to the side without even groaning, applied the brake with one foot.
The pain of pouring out my intestines gave me a break, and one knee touched the ground.
‘Do I need treatment?’
If it’s not about dying, attack will be the priority.
‘I think I’m going to die.’
Judging from the body’s reaction, it was such a shock that my heart would stop after about 3 seconds.
‘I don’t know. Should I gamble?’
Although I went through a lot of trial and error with Sirone, the limitations of my experience still existed.
‘It can’t be helped.’
The impermanent god is absorbed into the world and her wounds begin to heal rapidly.
did.
There was no way Havitz would miss the only chance that had no room for a counterattack.
“You’re still young.”
Death still remains in Satan’s mind, but family is meaningless in front of chaos.
Havitz, who had turned into red flesh as if his skin had been peeled off, swung both arms at the same time.
Right before the wizard’s face is smashed.
‘huh?’
Havitz, or Satan, was overcome with a feeling he had never experienced before.
‘ what?’
Wizard was already far away, and two lines were clearly visible on the floor.
‘I was pushed away.’
What did you get yourself into?
Habitz lowered his head and confirmed that Myungchiman had returned to his human skin color.
The wizard flew into the sky, bent one leg and spread both arms.
“Unreal Creation.”
Along the midline of the body, the glabella, neck, chest, navel, vulva, and perineal chakras shimmered.
Then, tens of thousands of chakras opened and light emitted from the wizard’s body.
Harvits does not define.
Therefore, I do not fall into the trap of being careless or thinking, but there is only one thing I overlooked.
‘Genius.’
It was a transcendent idea of a human being who had to imagine even something that did not exist in the universe.
As the sprouts of light sprouted along the Wizard’s arm, all 11 Siok rushed.
“Kill!”
The bud quickly became a branch, spreading out in a fractal structure and filling the sky.
‘I’m still imagining it.’
Destroy, change, create.
As the mechanism of the shattering window raced in an infinite cycle, the incarnation of the free god rose up.
Its form… … .
“……uh?”
It didn’t exist in space, so it was shocking that my heart would stop just by looking at it.
“Superform.”
Harvits thought.
‘Form is everything. Because all phenomena in the universe begin in the form of particles smaller than atoms and even smaller waves.
‘Then, what phenomenon does that form create?’
As if answering Havitz’s question, the wizard slowly put his hands together and made a sign.
“Unbounded.”
The 11 Si-ok saw the red petals quickly blooming like light in front of their eyes.
“super-air waves
The fruits of imagination sublimated into flowers and began to bloom in the heads of all Siok.
‘I can’t stop it.’
It wasn’t something the wizards had only imagined, namely physics that existed in the universe.
The 12 o’clock of nothingness gnashed his teeth.
“Damn it… …
everything is initialized
pop!
At the same time as his head exploded, the remaining Shiok widened its eyes from the ground.
‘I was aiming for 12 o’clock from the beginning.’
Even in the unrealistic situation where 10 Siok were alive, the Wizard remained calm.
Because it is not unreal to her.
“Can I finish now?” When the wizard landed on the ground and made a hand sign, the free god shook and she disappeared.
“Apricot flowers.”
Die.
“Kuaaaaa!”
Sensing extinction, Satan grew his body to a gigantic size, and red flowers bloomed all over his body.
Si-ok, who lost his temper, rushed.
“Hey Satan! Watch over us!” The wizard drew a circle with his finger, aimed at Satan, and pierced the circle with his thumb.
“Catfish.”
Thousands of flowers bloomed, and Satan’s body shrank in shock.
“Kuaaa! Aagh!”
All sorts of physical forces, such as shock, restraint, suppression, and transformation, brought Satan back to Habits.
“no!”
The moment Shiok panicked, Wizard rushed at Havitz, who stumbled half-nude.
‘Here to kill.’
Until Satan disappears, maybe 1 second, 1.5 seconds?
‘I did it.’
extremely short time.
‘Kill Satan.’
However, it was also enough time for a human being to dream ahead of success.
‘If you kill Satan… …
There is no water bath.
Even if you give the whole world, it’s the only sweet thing on the level where you can be indifferent
‘Sirone older brother.’
Having forcibly raised her spirit to the realm of adulthood, all she desires is a trivial desire.
‘Can I be praised for doing a good job?’ but desire.
‘ uh?’
The moment Harvits disappeared from her cognition, her eyes shook in shock.
‘What am I doing here?’
Realizing through the sound of his heart that vanishing had been triggered, Habitz let out a killing blow.
“Big!”
Even while kicking off the ground and rushing, the wizard could not escape the confusion.
‘why? Why?’
I do not know.
However, the elasticity of genius seized the state of ignorance and returned it to its original position.
‘Havitz!’
As soon as the wizard recognized it, Havitz’s fist struck her in the stomach.
“Cheer up!”
The adult’s fist pierced the child’s body, which was unable to respond, and his breath stopped.
“Knock! Knock!”
Shiok ran like a demon.
But Habitz came first, and his longsword rested on the Wizard’s nape.
“Hey Satan! I must kill you!”
Wizard was still unable to move, but he was uneasy about not cutting his throat right away.
‘Please kill me. There are no second chances.’
Harvits thought differently.
“Whoa.”
After coming back from the dead, he took a deep breath toward the sky and spoke to the wizard.
“are you okay? I went in a little hard.”
“… … kill.”
I lost myself.
Fighting again, aiming for the opponent’s carelessness and delivering a sudden blow.
The moment I think about that, Harvits disappears.
“The match is over. So kill me.”
“Hmm.”
After removing the sword from the wizard’s neck, Havits sat down as if his legs were weak.
“It was close. That’s great. To derive one from pure chaos. That’s something I can’t do either.”
because it is a contradiction
“Kill! Kill me!”
“But contradiction is not a natural state. It’s a loss that I couldn’t hold on longer. After five years, no, one year, you will be able to completely kill me.”
Wizard slowly straightened his back.
“… … One day is enough.”
“Maybe it is. To be honest, I don’t even know what accident you had. Sirone must have sent it.”
Wizard gritted his teeth.
‘Let’s die.’
I’d rather end my life here than see Master’s disappointed face.
“what do you want? Leave if you want to keep it alive.”
“Are you going to commit suicide?” Havits looked at the child silently biting his lip.
‘What kind of existence is this woman to me?’ She didn’t want to know, but it was clear that she didn’t want the wizard to die.
‘It’s really strange.’
It’s fun to meet the Gustav 4th class, but it wasn’t this strong.
‘Oh yeah.’
You want to play more.
‘This woman sees me.’
something comforting.
‘Are you going to harass people? no. I guess I should say let’s fight on Sirone’s side. Whatever you do will be fun… …
I heard the sound of the Wizard’s heart.
‘He hates me.’
Sadness passed in Havitz’s eyes for a moment, and then he slowly got up and said.
“Come anytime you want to kill me.”
“Hey Satan! omg!”
As the Siok sank underground, the Wizard raised his head incomprehensible.
“Come find me?”
“okay. Of course, you can’t kill me with the desire to kill me. Shouldn’t you try to do it as far as you can? rather than die.”
The wizard thought silently, but Harvits felt like he had already heard.
“Today was fun.”
Even after Havitz went into the woods, she didn’t move for a long time.
“Black… …
Hypnosis is released.
“Aww! Aaaaaa!”
Wizard, who returned as a seven-year-old child, began to weep sadly.

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-1126.txt
=============YYYYY=============
trigger (3)
Ashur is back again.
The two-dimensional form trapped in the transparent panel materialized at the same time as the glass plate was broken.
“Ikael!”
He immediately drew his sword and prepared to fight, but the situation was different from what he expected.
‘what happened……
The bodies of the angels were emitting black smoke as if they had been heated by fire.
Sirone was the first to see it, but Ashur paid attention to the flame woman next to Ikael.
‘Amy.’
The fact that the conceptual angels were burned means that the firepower that transcends the phenomena worked.
‘Idea of fire.’
As far as Ashur knew, the only being who had reached that level was Anke Ra, the incarnation of the sun.
‘You swallowed that dream.’
Recalling how Amy had been helped by Buddha, Ashur had a rough idea of the situation.
‘She too has reached the end. Then no angel would be able to approach her.’
Because all angels are born of the sun.
The flames disappeared from Amy’s body, and she gasped for breath as she regained her human body.
“Whoa.”
During complete combustion, they were invincible, but after the lights went out, the aftermath was severe.
Sirone approached by teleportation.
“Amy, are you okay?”
Instead of answering, Amy’s eyes, which smiled, contained a little delight.
‘It’s definitely tremendous power.’
Sirone also had a history of blowing away angels with the Hand of God, but this time it was on a different level.
‘Idea is the essence. Nothing Amy can’t burn won’t exist.’
“Sirone-sama.”
Sirone asked as Ashur approached.
“What happened to Wizard?”
“Contacted with subject. He asked me to leave it to him. It should have been settled by now.”
It was a fight with Satan.
“okay.”
I’d be lying if I said I wasn’t worried, but I didn’t train her weak enough to be treated like a child.
‘I have no choice but to trust the wizard now.’
At that moment, Satiel’s voice was heard from afar.
“Uriel.”
Then, a shockwave rushed in, and Satiel, who grabbed Yuriel by the neck, flew out.
“Don’t disturb me! Even you are destroyed… … !”
Satiel, who had been hit in the face by the goon of paradise, flew off to the side without being able to finish his words.
With her fingers 20 meters away, she crouched, baring her teeth.
“you… …
Ikael said.
“Stop it.”
As it had been for a very long time, there was a special resonance in her voice.
“This is not the time to fight like this. The world is coming to an end. We must prepare for the end.”
“It’s all because of you!”
Satiel kicked off the ground and lunged forward, punching Ichael.
“The subject of betraying an angel!”
As Ikael grabbed her hand, the law halo nostalgia kicked off.
“die!”
When the power of disintegration disintegrated the palm of my hand like sand, Ikael spread the asteroid.
“Ataraxia.”
As her presence amplified, even Satiel’s nostalgia faded and weakened.
“Keugh!”
Even so, Satiel did not back down.
“Ikael, you hypocrite. You just need our strength. For Sirone’s sake.”
“It could be.”
“You betrayed us! so… …
“But isn’t it the same for you?”
The moment he saw Ikael’s cold eyes, Satiel instinctively shut up.
“Because there are no more guffins.”
“… … What are you talking about?”
“No matter what means we can’t meet, the only thing left is your memories.”
Satiel’s teeth gnashed.
“Because if I quench the anger that burns now, I won’t be able to feel him anymore.”
“Doc… … Hit it.”
“Isn’t that why we fight?”
“Kill!”
The moment the archangel’s command was given, all the ordinary angels prepared for extinction and flew away.
While Sirone was blocking Ikael, Uriel rushed towards the ordinary angels.
“Ragnarok.”
The moment the Geon of Paradise struck the ground, a huge white electricity ascended to heaven as if it were flowing backwards.
The roar was not a problem, but the angels were frozen by the shock wave that shook the planet.
Ikael murmured with a surprised expression.
“Yuriel”
“Don’t get me wrong.”
Still blocking the way of the angels, he gently turned his head.
“Isn’t this a decision for you? If there is such a thing as a heart, it must be the intent to kill… …
strange
Being able to destroy everything in the world, being an existence that cannot be touched even more.
‘It’s easy to destroy Ikael.’
The only question was whether she could handle herself after being destroyed.
Then all the angels turned their heads.
“huh?”
Then Ashur realized, and the next moment, the humans Amy and Sirone realized.
“Something is coming.”
What is clear is that it is not material.
‘What a feeling.’
An eerie feeling was creeping in.
The 12th palace of the zodiac.
The astrologers looked at the mechanism floating above the pentagram drawn on the floor.
‘It’s grievous.’
That the essence of the world is contained in metal.
Kitra, King of Paras, gave instructions while emitting a brilliant blue light from his eyes.
“Welcome to the new world.”
Having been baptized with phosphorus at the Pyramid of Truth, he saw the essence of God, albeit for a moment.
When I came to my senses, I was outside the pyramid, and my emotional illness had completely improved.
“Causes are meaningless.”
In addition to Kitra, those who have been in contact with the Pyramid of Truth have been spread all over the world.
“Giant Coordination.”
If reset means system initialization, grand adjustment is to change the system itself.
What happened as a result… … .
The ground shook.
Sirone looked at the pyramid structure rising over the horizon.
“That… … what?”
It was huge enough to compare with the Pyramid of Truth in Paras.
“Sirone!”
Ikael shouted.
“The time waves keep coming. It is changing the laws of this world.”
“Seeing through time’?”
It was the reason the angels first realized it.
“There are things like that being built all over the world. I can’t look down at them all, but there are already more than eight.”
Sirone bit his lip.
‘Ultra-ancient civilization.’
Evidence of the outside world created at a time when nothing existed in the universe.
‘Are you directly intervening? For what?’
While Sirone was lost in thought, ordinary angels flocked to Satiel.
“Archangel, what the heck is that… … ?” Satiel was silent.
Even the archangels had no information about being established before they existed.
‘No, even if I knew it would be the same.’
This is because Oparts disturb the information of all approaching beings with a magnetic field.
“What is it about to happen?” The 12th palace of the zodiac reported.
“majesty! You have entered your coordinates. Hey, once you change your destiny, you can’t go back.”
The reason I bothered to say it was because even the astrologers were terrified.
‘It’s crazy. It’s a matter of a different level than the world’s leading country, or the destruction of mankind.’
The world I knew so far disappears.
“Do it.”
“Huh.”
Some astrologers shed tears in sheer fear, but Kitra remained calm.
‘If only I could become a god.’ It doesn’t matter if your head is flying.
“Giant Coordination.”
As the astrologers operated the machine, the sphere’s metal began to spin rapidly.
Blue light exploded from Kitra’s eyes.
“Oooh!”
It seemed that something hazy shimmered through the veil of vision that had all turned pale.
‘Dear God.’ The angels were intent on observing the state of the world by looking down.
‘This makes no sense.’
In the area where the pyramid was built, the topography was completely changed and no life was seen.
“Sirone, it’s not serious. Right Now… …
Just as Ikael was about to speak, the nearest pyramid was engulfed in electricity.
“Great!”
The heavenly body of the angels shook violently, and finally someone screamed.
“Kyaaaaaa!”
pop! pop! pop! pop!
The angels whose starlight exploded began to fall to the floor like a puppet with a thread cut off.
The angels’ faces turned pale, and Sirone met Ikael’s eyes.
‘no way?’
pop! pop! pop! pop!
With half of the angels already fallen, Satiel bit her lip.
“Chief Angel! omg!”
When the star of the angel next to me exploded, my shoulders unknowingly moved.
‘Is it the end?’
The chain reaction of the explosion skipped Satiel and led to the angel on the other side.
like that… … .
” entire?”
The ordinary angels disappeared, and only Satiel, Ikael, and Uriel were left.
‘Why do we stay? Because he’s an archangel?’
Of course, that thought would come first, but Sirone shook her head slowly.
‘No, that doesn’t matter.’
Searching the Pyramid of Truth, Sirone found out the identity of the characters engraved on the wall.
‘Everyone said they were angels. Then even if he is an archangel, he cannot escape. They have something in common.’
mind.
Unable to think of anything else, Satiel clenched his fists and shouted.
“Nonsense!”
It was the height of misery to see the angels who rule the world spread out on the floor helplessly.
“How could this be? Angels… …
At that moment, a flash of light flew in front of her, and Rayel, the archangel of light, landed.
“Satiel, the law is changing.” As the system changes, the definition of certain concepts will also change.
“The concept of angels has lost its absoluteness. It was downgraded to human status. Judging from the periodicity of the time waves, we will not be able to avoid it in the end.”
Satiel looked at the ordinary angels.
Although still breathing, the asteroid, a symbol of nobility, was nowhere to be seen.
Her gaze turned to the pyramid.
‘What the hell is that?’
The gigantic structure containing electricity looked like it would do something sooner or later.
“What are you going to do?”
“I can make it on time. Come with me. It needs to be addressed before it loses its status.”
Satiel immediately understood.
‘damn.’
I want to punish Ikael right now, but right now, even her existence is in jeopardy.
“Hey, it’s better. Think of it as a punishment for you. To become a person I love so much.”
Ikael, whose energy from the Astral Light had become much weaker than before, just kept his mouth shut.
“Let’s go, Rayel.”
As soon as Satiel finished speaking, Rayel activated the Judicial Halo Accelerator.
Uriel murmured as he followed their traces as they disappeared at the speed of light.
“Human.”
It was a terrible thing that he had never thought of before, but his heart trembled strangely.
‘Not bad.’
He turned to Ikael.
“What shall I do? Satiel doesn’t seem to like this situation.”
Amy asked.
“Where did Rayel go?”
“It is the sun.”
“sun? therefore… … You mean that?”
As Amy pointed to the sun in the sky, Ikael nodded.
“yes. Humans are born on planets, but angels are born on the sun. We are conceptual bodies. It is because the signals of light are condensed and materialized.”
Sirone said.
“Raiel will be there in 10 minutes. It’s not a problem to follow, but… …
Can the human body withstand it?
“Hmm, that’s right.”
As if to dispel Syrone’s worries, Amy’s body burned again with flames.

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-1127.txt
=============YYYYY=============
trigger (4)
“What is going on?”
Leupist and Fleur left the meeting room of the dragon and froze in front of the hallway window.
A gigantic pyramid rises vaguely over the horizon.
Even if it was built with modern technology, it would take several years to build a structure.
‘It’s impossible.’
It didn’t make sense that something like that was built in a split second.
Sirone came running.
“Mr. Lufist.”
He was the one who triggered a simultaneous incident at the Delta headquarters after Ikael and his party left for the sun.
There was some kind of agreement that Sirone didn’t know about, but they didn’t show it.
Fleur asked.
“What is that?”
“It seems to have moved from the Kingdom of Paras. maybe… … It must be a structure of a super-ancient civilization.”
Lufist’s expression became serious.
“I know it was built with direct intervention from the outside world. Why now?”
“Ultra-ancient civilizations existed before human history. It’s just a guess, but I think it’s a gateway to the outside world. Sooner or later, the world system will change.”
Sirone spoke of the condition of the angels.
“Angels with hearts have not changed. That doesn’t mean it’s harmful to humans right away.”
“It may be, but the wavelength is big. Above all, it will intensify over time.”
Delta’s management approached.
“The temple emergency meeting begins. It is a message that the representatives of each country must quickly gather at the headquarters.”
Other countries also seemed to be disturbed by the current state of affairs.
‘Kitra will come too.’
Rufist said.
“egg plant. Because something will come out It would be better to listen and respond.”
“You go first.”
Luffist turned his head at the unexpected remark, but Sirone kept his mouth shut.
‘Wizard.’
It should have been settled in some way by now, but it was strange that it was so quiet.
“I have a place to stop by.”
As Sirone ran down the hallway, Rufist and Fleur looked at each other.
“You didn’t notice, did you?”
“yes.”
It’ll be a matter of time anyway.
At the place where he fought against Havitz, Wizard was lost in thought for a long time.
As the tears dried up, she slowly raised her hands and grabbed her neck.
” also.”
dying is right
There was no way he could face Habits again with his already broken spirit.
As my grip tightened and my brain was cut off from oxygen, the scenery shimmered.
Her face flushed red, but her expression did not change.
‘I’m not afraid of dying.’
What was truly terrifying was Sirone’s face as she looked down at her corpse in a pitiful way.
‘I’m sorry, brother.’
Though consciousness faded and death was imminent, my mind gradually became at ease.
It must be because he has carried a lot of things on his back.
“Black. Black.”
Tears flowed.
‘I’m going to die.’
It was better to meet him as a corpse than to disappoint Sirone and be alive.
‘little bit more.’
By the time my mind convulsed from the shock and I can’t even feel the pain anymore… … .
“Ahhh.”
Wizard finally let go.
– Promise me one thing.
Sirone said.
-Do whatever you want. If you think so, I will support you. but… … .
You should never think it’s impossible.
“sorry. sorry… …
We have to fight.
The destiny given to oneself, the genius talent exists only for that.
Holding on to his wobbly legs, Wizard stood up.
‘Kill Habits.’
Now I can’t look at it indifferently, but I’ve come to understand Harvits to that extent.
‘It just needs to be killed.’
Also, that was the way the Gustav 4th class was aiming for Habitz.
“Havitz cannot be killed.”
Balkan said.
“Because the case of killing Havitz does not happen. Therefore, in order to kill Habitz… …
Zetaro said.
“It means you shouldn’t kill me.”
“okay. It’s a contradiction, but as long as we like Harvitz, we can still access it.”
Natasha asked.
“What about vanishing?”
“Certainly, it is difficult to expect purity from us. But that’s what I’m saying because I don’t know Harvits well.”
Sumodo said.
“There is no way to prevent burnishing, but you can just make it not trigger, are you saying this?”
Although it is also contradictory.
“The first thing I realized was when I married Abella. The first night she tied Havitz to the bed.”
Jetaro also recalled that time.
“You found out about the assassination plan belatedly and went to Havitz’s room. It was close.”
“No, it was already too late. If Abella had stabbed <Law Kill>, Havits would have died. But at that time, Harvits…”
I told Vulcan to get out.
“Everything is just a joke. Regarding the death that strikes favorably, Havitz seems to be expecting it. Even your own death must be interesting.”
Sumodo said.
“It sounds easy, but in practice it is difficult. It is not human to have a state of mind that can maintain such a contradiction.”
“Or the truth.”
Vulcan turned his head.
“Yes, you.”
The eyes of the three turned to Zetaro.
Havitz muttered as he walked through the woods.
“It’s chewy.”
He is the only one who has committed all the evil things in the world that he has not experienced.
‘To die.’
Ten shadows formed under his feet, and Shiok reappeared.
“Satan, did you call?”
They still thought they had to kill wizards, but fanatics couldn’t be dissatisfied with God.
“Two people are missing. My teeth are out.”
“sorry.”
Currently, 4 o’clock and 12 o’clock are dead.
However, it is only from the human point of view, and the concept does not disappear from the point of view of God.
“Choose quickly.”
It’s not something that can be done by accelerating, but Harvits wanted to play properly.
“All right.”
Shi Ok.
It was the only 12 seats where you could go back and forth between reality and hell while the psychic realm was closed.
In the deep caves of the other world.
Ethella was asleep as if she were dead as she turned to face the darkness.
I asked countless times about the purification time.
87 year 2,875… … .
The moment she listened to the seventh longest time since the Underworld existed, she collapsed.
‘I’d rather die.’
Even in her sleep, she longed for it.
If you close your eyes and forget yourself like this, you don’t want to wake up forever.
“flaw “
I was tired of even sleeping, and when I realized the reality, clear tears flowed down my face.
Chagall, who is connected by the Taegeuk chain, leaned against the wall of the cave and was lost in thought.
The time was so full and overflowing.
‘Captain.’
The leader of the circus troupe, Raiden.
He killed Tia, the only one he loved, and Chagall had driven a dagger into Raiden’s body.
‘It’s all lies?’
The Leaf Circus has never existed in the world.
‘No, is that so?’
After falling into hell and reaching this point, I suddenly had a thought.
‘Then what’s real?’
Do people other than yourself live with the real thing in their memories?
His gaze turned to Ethella.
‘Tia.’
She was lying on her back, so she couldn’t see her face, but to Chagall, she was Tia.
‘Because I think so.’
In fact, I didn’t even know Tia’s face or who she was.
“Tia.”
Etella’s shoulders twitched at Chagall’s voice, but there was no further movement.
The chain coldly scratched the floor, and he crawled like a beast and climbed on top of Ethella.
Always the same actions, same days.
The chains of the Taegeuk made each other’s feelings terrifyingly their own.
As shame, resentment, pleasure and anger mix, they eventually become unaware of anything.
A vortex of yin and yang.
Ryan asked.
“Perm minerality?”
“huh. I’m thinking of attacking the Demon Realm through the voice. Theoretically possible, but I don’t know how effective it will be.”
“You’re poisonous.”
Jin Kang’s determination.
“Even if you succeed, your voice will not become free. Even if the body disappears, the spirit remains. Even though Jin Kang knows that, he wants revenge.”
Lian, who was lost in thought with a bitter expression, turned to Sirone.
“You’re not going to let it go? now i have If the karma of the voice is purified by the fire of Gehenna… …
“Even so, I can’t bring you to reality. The only way is to use Shiok.” 12 fanatics who create gaps in time.
“The number 12 in the law means awareness. It means that humans divide the whole into 12 parts and accept them. 12 Hours, 12 Constellations, 12 Apostles, and Shiok. It’s not all a coincidence. Even if Shiok is dead, that concept will be replaced by someone.”
“It means putting Jin Seong Eum in place of the Si Ok. but… … Where can I meet you?”
Richera, the face of a murderer hanging from Son Yoo-jung’s waist, showed interest.
“Probably at the system control branch of the chemical company.”
Everyone’s eyes turned there.
“System control branch?”
“Oh, I’ve heard of it. Those who fall alive into hell are captured by the Black Seung. But, unusually, they say that the elite selected by Satan go there.”
“Elite.”
Sirone rested her chin.
“Those who fell for Satan’s temptations. Then Mortasinger will be there too.”
It was the reason Son Yu-jeong, who was ranked 10th in the order of the Ten Commandments, came down to the human world along with Ikael.
“Mortasinger?” Son Yoo-jung grabbed Richera’s hair and lifted it up.
“Where are you now?”
“No, that’s why, when asked where it is, “Daughter, answer me!”
Grabbing the chain and turning it quickly, Richera’s spittle spewed out in a ring.
“Aww! I do not know either! It’s only in Hell West! I’m not even sure!”
Sirone said.
“stop.”
“you idiot! What do you know?”
When Son Yoo-jung did not listen, Sirone spoke again with sincerity.
“Stop.”
Son Yu-jeong’s eyes widened as the long orphan hung on her neck and tightened.
“Haaaaa!”
Kneeling in that state, she looked back at Sirone with a worldly expression.
“huh?”
She also turned her gaze to the distant mountains at the energy that she felt only after coming to her senses.
Sirone’s expression became serious.
“Lian.”
“Okay, what is that?”
Unspeakable in a cave in the mountains
A strange energy shimmered like a haze.
“Hey?????
Son Yu-jung pursed her lips and stood up as if she had never done that, and Sirone gave an order.
“Let’s go.”
When I cast space movement and landed in front of the cave, I heard moaning in the dark.
It was a man and a woman.
‘Shining.’
I floated a sphere of light in my palm and moved forward about 30 meters before I saw a blurry silhouette.
A familiar face.
“Teacher Ethella?”
If it was a beautiful relationship, Ethella wouldn’t be crying, so Lian grasped the situation.
“Such rubbish… …
Chagall turned his head as he kicked off the ground immediately after taking out his great sword.
He drew his body like a beast and instinctively raised both arms, and rapid-fire swords poured out from behind.
Son Yu-jung opened her mouth in a daze.
‘Wow, what a life… …
Dozens of daggers flew at the same time, but Lian did not back down.
“Huh!”
After deflecting the dagger with a single swing, he pushed the wide side of the sword as a shield.
“uh?”
At that moment, Sirone discovered a chain connecting Etella and Chagall.
“Rian! for a moment… …
Before he could finish his words, Lian pressed Chagall against the wall with the power of divine transcendence.
“Cool!”
A gob of blood gushed out of Chagall’s mouth, who could not overcome the pressure.
And at the same time, Ethella, who was covering her body, cried out and shed blood in the same way.
Realizing that fact belatedly, Lian stepped back from Chagall, who was glaring at him like a beast.
“what? Why is he… …
Sirone muttered with a sad expression.
“The Taegeuk Chain.”
It is entangled in the worst way.

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-1128.txt
=============YYYYY=============
chain action(1)
Chagall gritted his teeth.
“Big!”
At that time, dozens of rapid-fire swords materialized and charged Lian while wielding them all.
Ethella shouted.
“Stop!”
The chain quickly shortened as her sincerity took over Chagall’s body.
“Keugh!”
Chagall fell backwards with a thump, and Shiro and his party looked at him with a blank expression.
“Sir, how did this happen?” Ethella bit her lip. The most embarrassing thing of all was that it had already shown her broken spirit.
“sorry. I couldn’t help it.” Ethella, who had put on her tattered clothes again like rags, slowly raised her body.
I had to hold on to the wall as my legs gave out, but my stamina gradually returned.
“It is what you see. I hugged Chagall and fell into hell. In return, I am getting this punishment.”
“When is the purification time?”
As Sirone asked, the informator’s voice broke through from outside the cave.
“87 years 2,875 3,241 trillion… …
Ethella’s resignation was understandable.
It was a number that was meaningful to Chagall as well, so she erased the will to die and leaned her back against the wall of the cave.
“Sheesh! You’re bothering me.” Ethella said.
“Sirone, there is a true voice in the Valley of Wailing. She also accepts all her karma and is tied up. It’s a favor. Please save her.”
“I came to hell for that too. And I will save the teacher too.”
Sirone explained the method.
If he saved Etella, he would also be able to save Chagall, but there was no need to worry.
“No, don’t do that.”
Lian, who tried to purify hell by burning himself, and Jin Seong-eum, who saved humanity by closing the psychic realm.
‘Compared to them, I… …
Just wallowing around with a devilish man.
“Please leave. He is the one who gave up on finding Jinseongeum and Shirone-kun. I am not qualified to fight.”
“Don’t beat yourself up.”
Sirone knows Ethella.
‘A person who is righteous enough to face Satan in heaven. I can’t have Chagall if it’s not that much.’
In a world where you can’t die, having to live with the man you hate the most.
‘It must be a terrible thing.’
In the world behind the scenes, karma is not something to be solved, but a burden to bear.
‘In the first place, an amount of karma that could not be resolved was granted. Lian is just a special case.’
The time of purification was not a rank badge, but the time of the 87th year meant that.
“You need the ability of a teacher. The power of Taegeuk will surely help us in what we are trying to do. And maybe we can find a way to purify it.”
“You say you can break these damn chains?”
Lian’s eyes widened at Chagall’s words.
“You be quiet.”
It was only that he couldn’t touch him because he was entangled in chains, and his anger at him was still there.
“Hey, that’s good. hey let’s go Aren’t you fed up with me too? Don’t you want to be free?”
Etella met Chagall’s eyes.
Chagall’s gaze turned to the side when a feeling that only they knew was conveyed.
“red.”
No guilt, he promised.
“Okay, if my powers come in handy. But can’t we just give it a moment? body… …
I wanted to cleanse my mind by cleansing my body.
“yes.”
A miracle stream rose from Sirone’s body, and the Hand of God penetrated the cave.
Son Yu-jeong lifted her head and opened her mouth.
“wow.”
Ymir would be the best in battle, but when he saw Yahweh’s ability, he felt a sense of wonder.
A huge hand of light hollowed out the mountain and became clear water, filling the pit.
Said Sirone, who finished the work in an instant.
“Son Yu-jeong, give me a new outfit.”
You can make clothes with the ability of materials,
“Yes.”
Son Yoo-jung pulled out her hair.
When all the clothes were made, Ethella lifted her head with them in her arms.
“one more… … May I ask you a favor?”
While Rian wrinkled his brow as if he couldn’t understand, Sirone spoke calmly.
“Chagall’s clothes too.”
“Really? That guy is a very bad guy. Even before… …
When Yahweh’s eyes shot straight into her, her shoulders shook.
“Ah, okay.”
Ethella, who had gathered the necessary things, looked back.
“song.”
Chagall glared at Lian as if he didn’t like something, then clicked his tongue and stood up.
“If the chain breaks, I will kill you first.”
Lian replied.
“Please, I hope so.”
The two arrived at the lake made by Sirone.
Kneeling, Ethella first quenched her throat, then put water in her hand and turned her head.
Chagall stopped.
“You drink too much.”
When Ethella washed herself after taking off her rag-like clothes, Chagall’s mood became even more unpleasant.
“You’ve had the taste for a while, and now you feel like fighting again? Well, I would do anything to break this chain.”
“You are coming too.”
After finishing her grooming, Ethella called.
“To fight evil, the heart must be pure. This will help.”
“evil? Are you crazy?”
Chagall shouted.
“I am the evil of evil! No evil can terrorize me! But what? How do you feel?”
“Chagall.”
Etela’s sincerity was transmitted through chains.
“Keugh.”
“As you can do with me, I can teach you good. So come.”
“Annoying.”
Chagall, thinking that it was better to just do it than to look more ridiculous, walked away.
“Here… …
When Chagall fell face down, Ethella scooped up water and washed her hair.
“Archbishop Raphael said: If the power of evil is selfishness, the power of good is sacrifice.”
Chagall was silent even though he knew it was the words of someone he had killed himself.
“The fact that good destroys evil is no different from evil. Sacrifice, Ethella. The stronger the evil, the more.”
She lathered Chagall’s hair.
“That is the compatibility of yin and yang. It’s not about destroying evil, it’s about turning it into good… …
“What a good man. I killed him.”
Chagall’s words still scratched the inside, but Ethella was no longer angry.
“is it so. Archbishop Raphael forgave you at the last moment because he foresaw the great battle between good and evil. Destroying evil does not make it disappear. But if you are Zen… …
“Couldn’t you be evil?”
“Surely so.”
The greater the sacrifice, the easier it is to turn into evil, and Etela also had a crisis.
“I resent you, I curse my situation. But now it’s over. This will be the end of our journey with you.”
Shoot, water poured.
‘last.’
With Chagall’s long hair covering his face like a curtain, water dripped down his cheeks.
The temple was a riot.
“What are you doing! To do such a thing while the temple is open. This is an obvious act of aggression.”
Kish was so angry with Kitra, the king of Paras, that he even pointed with his finger.
“What are you saying I did?”
“this person… … !”
You made the angels useless.
That was the point.
Pyramids were built all over the world, but countless lives were lost.
‘Isn’t it rather a good thing?’
From the point of view of other countries, it was time to applaud the fact that the power of angels had been neutralized.
‘It’s not like we’re hurting, is it?’
Kitra said.
“I say again, it was not my will to establish a super-ancient civilization. And you can’t stop it.”
Corona Kingdom struck back.
“We have already found out that the 12th zodiac is manipulating the law. I have proof.”
“Even then, nothing would change. You know, those who can sit here. Humans cannot prevent divine intervention.”
“Not God.”
Everyone in the temple looked back at their seats as observers.
Pope Constantine, who had been sparing about anything other than religious content, came up to the podium.
“God does not destroy human life with such ignorant constructs.
That’s the devil’s plague.”
“Demon.”
Kitra laughed.
“The Paladins of the Anti-Magic Department set out to investigate the pyramid. We will thoroughly investigate the truth and collect evidence. And if Kitra, if you’re a heretic… …
Constantine opened his eyes.
“I will punish you with my own hands.”
The meeting room was filled with golden light, which is said to be the best divine power of Lamie religion.
‘As expected, it’s amazing.’
People’s gaze wandered in search of Havitz, but it did not appear as expected.
The pope gnashed his teeth.
‘Are you avoiding this incident? The one who died.’
Secretly expecting a confrontation of power, he looked back at Sirone with his emotions.
After the first meeting, it was reported that he had not yet left the Papal States.
‘What are you up to?’
Shirone, who was thinking about Habits and the Wizard, felt their gaze and met their eyes.
‘I can’t even dream of it.’
Where do you think you are holy?
what terrible thing is going on.
Small villages dotted the forest thirteen kilometers from the Vatican.
After touring several villages through the night, Sirone and the others were silent for a moment.
Seina bit her lip.
‘It’s all lies?’
In the village she identified, numerous children were undergoing special training.
A child who cuts off meals and prays until his throat bleeds.
Through such self-denial training, paladins will have the ability to stand up to evil.
‘That’s the identity of the martyrdom code.’
The moment you believe in God and realize that the ability you believed God gave you is just brainwashing.
‘done.’
Seina lost her divine power.
“Let’s go back. I’ll take responsibility and let you know. There must be someone who will listen to me.”
“Is it really so?”
Sirone stopped in front of the entrance to the deepest village.
The sign read ‘Village of Heaven’.
It was to the point of smelling of the terrible evil energy that I felt even before I set foot in the entrance.
“Huh.”
The castle didn’t light up, but Seina felt it too.
“how… … What’s in here?” With a feeling that could not be put into words, Sirone took her friends and went into the village.
Even without direct confirmation, prayers close to screams and groans could be heard from countless homes.
“No one walks around. Are you trapped?”
As Nade looked around, he saw someone walking towards the town hall.
“behind.”
Seina’s eyes widened as she looked with her back against the wall.
“High Priestess?”
Maximus, third in the hierarchy of the Holy See, but the solemn face she knew was nowhere to be found.
‘People change like that in a few days.’
Her eyes were loose, as if she had been drugged, and her face was dry, as if she hadn’t washed.
“Let’s go.”
They followed Maximus into the town hall and arrived in front of the building, frowning.
“eww “
Inside the window, naked men and women covered in animal blood were entangled.
I couldn’t pinpoint it, but Seina noticed some familiar impressions.
“It’s a priest I know.”
His voice was trembling.
Maximus entered the room and washed his face in a basin of blood.
Then he took off his clothes and slowly slipped into the crowd.
Seeing blood-soaked lumps rubbing against each other, Seina’s stomach groaned.
“Wow!”
Iruki rested his chin.
“You’re doing this in broad daylight. Besides, this is the Papal States. That’s not brainwashing or anything. It’s like a devil worshiper’s ritual.”
A woman’s voice was heard.
“That’s right, the demonic ritual.”
When Sirone turned her head, a girl wearing a hood was standing in front of the window a block away.
“Because this is the headquarters of Satanism. By the way, you can only enter through the basement of the Holy See. That’s why I couldn’t find it.”
Seina asked.
“Satanism? No, more than that, who are you?”
“me? Yora.”
The girl lowered her hood.
“long time no see. Sirone, Iruki, Nade”
It was Candler Eden.

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-1129.txt
=============YYYYY=============
chain action(2)
200 citizens were demonstrating in front of the Delta headquarters where the temple was to be held.
“Impeach the King of Jive!”
It was the aftermath of the collusion of the holy war, which a reporter named Mayle wrote in a daily newspaper.
“A king who has lost his morality has no qualifications. Citizens must work together to rebuild the country.” It was a rare sight that could not be seen in other kingdoms, and it happened because the king was elected by voting.
Of course, such a system made Jive a rich country, but from the king’s point of view, it was crazy.
Geese’s aide Myron inspected the protesters as he left the Delta Headquarters.
‘Serious than expected.’
The fact that 200 people gathered in just a few hours means that there is a great deal of resistance from citizens.
‘Of course, there might be opponents in there.’ It takes money to move people, and it was difficult without a big player.
The streets were also busy.
“The world is perishing! Let’s all repent! Krea God will save us!”
The huge pyramid suddenly built in Jive territory could be seen even from here.
Naturally, the shock of the citizens was enormous, and apocalypseists ran out into the streets.
“The glory of Terraforce has arrived! Now all mankind will be judged by God!”
It was a good thing that attention was being diverted to Geith thanks to the creation of the Pyramid.
I saw young men who robbed stores with great vigor were immediately arrested by the security forces.
“It’s pitiful.”
The system is not easily shaken.
‘Unless you are certain that the world will end tomorrow… …
Because humans cannot let go of today.
“Whoa, change your clothes first.”
His face was bruised and his clothes were stained with blood.
When the guards entered the mansion where they were encamped, his wife and daughter were in the hall.
“I am here.”
“Oh, what’s wrong with your face?” When her wife asked, looking surprised, Myron looked around.
“You must have seen the article. I fell a bit while running through the protesters. Not too bad. Give me some new clothes.”
I heard my daughter’s sigh.
“ha.”
His brow wrinkled at the sight of his 12-year-old daughter reading a magazine without even saying hello.
“Your father came after a few days, and you don’t even know about it?”
“what? He’s really good at it.”
Myron’s voice rose as she closed the magazine and headed toward the room.
“Hey man! your way of talking… … !”
“Honey, leave me alone.”
said his wife, bringing new clothes.
“It’s puberty. It’s ugly outside now. You’re going to enter an advanced school soon.”
“That’s right, puberty is noisy.”
“Still, I got first place in the multinational language proficiency test today. The teacher says you have talent.”
Myron, who was changing his clothes, raised one eyebrow.
“okay?
I live for this taste.
“boy.”
A smile formed on his lips as if it had never happened.
“Well, where would the bloodline go? If it’s my daughter, I should do that much. What else did the teacher say?”
“They say they have good judgment and excellent friendships. They said that even if I went to school, the primacy would be enough.”
For children of politicians who had enough tutoring, schools were special purpose schools.
“Support me from behind. Don’t stimulate me for nothing. Because that age is the easiest to shake.”
“You come in often. talk to the kid… …
“Rip again.”
As always, after being beaten like a dog by Geese, I was very emotional.
“Am I playing outside? You know you’re busy, right? On a day like today, do it in moderation.”
My wife also did not want to catch the injured person.
“all right. Are you going to the temple?”
“It’s field work. I won’t be able to come in for a while. Refrain from going outside, and unconditionally assign a bodyguard to the child.”
Geese’s words could not be overlooked.
“yes. I still have to eat.”
“I don’t have time for that. I’m busy. Bring Tobina. Are you going out after seeing her face?”
He was the youngest son, now four years old.
“sleep. It’s nap time.”
“… … tell me to wait Does it matter if I don’t sleep for a day?” Her claws were in her wife’s voice.
“Are you waiting for me to know when you will come? And how important naps are during growing up… …
“Oh yeah. okay.”
No matter how long the words were, the result was the same, so Myron headed for the front door as if running away.
“I’ll go. I am taking good care of the house.” Her wife’s voice softened as if she was worried that she couldn’t even see her son’s face.
“Are you really okay?”
“It’s okay, then. I’m Myron. It will never collapse, so take care of the kids.”
Actually, I don’t know.
‘If the case grows like this, His Excellency’s prestige will change. Besides, I heard that the power of the Pyramid Angels has weakened.
‘Let’s solve it one by one.’
The first priority was to prevent Reporter Meikel from writing any more articles.
“ha.”
Leaving the mansion, he looked out over the city skyline at the top of the pyramid.
“What do you know?”
It looks like I can’t even cover my face.
A man stood at a VIP-only bar in town.
“You come to a place like this.”
Of course, the lights were turned off in the pub, where only influential people go, but it didn’t matter.
When I knocked, the door opened.
“who are you?”
“I am Baekgu.”
It’s Baekgu because he shaved his head with Baekgu, but his name was actually a gangster ship called Travis.
“Come in.”
There were dozens of rooms in the cold air that hadn’t even started preparing for business yet.
‘He must be a great guy.’
A person who rents an entire bar in broad daylight that is said to be impossible to enter without a lot of power.
The room the manager took was the most private and spacious of all.
There was a bottle of high-quality alcohol at a table where dozens of people could be seated, and a man in the seat of honor was lost in thought.
“Senior, I brought you.”
“Leave.”
Myron, who had been waiting for him beforehand, raised his glasses and looked at Travis’ impression.
He was an honest man with a sturdy build.
“Sit down. You are handsome.”
Travis, bowing politely, walked to the end of the long table and sat down.
“hello. This is Travis. I am 43 years old. I have heard a lot from my older brother.”
Actually I don’t know anything.
The big brother who came to visit after 3 years only said that he would make some money if he went here.
said Myron, pouring him a drink.
“I’m trying to do a big business these days, but I’m short of people. Now, I heard you put some effort into it.”
“I will do my best.”
“So, what do you do now?”
“He runs a brothel in No. 2 Edia. There are five members of the organization.”
“Um, five.”
Travis added hastily.
“They are all usable guys.”
It was the result of a sense of qualification as the leader of a small organization, but Myron had a different idea.
‘What’s wrong, five. I’m fine.’
Would the king of a country buy a thug because there is no one he can use?
‘It’s the season of the holy war. If it turns out that political maneuvering is involved, other countries will bite and tear it. But if you’re a gangster in a brothel, it’s not a big deal to cover up even if you get caught.’
The reason why Myron, the king’s aide, came in person was because of the iron rule, ‘If the genealogy is long, it will be stepped on.’
“Once you get this.”
Myron pushed forward the heavy briefcase on the table.
“Is this what I have to do?”
“Open it.”
Travis flipped the briefcase over as Myron crossed his legs and sipped.
“This, this?”
It was filled with large gold coins.
“One million gold.”
“One million!”
No matter what Travis did, it was an amount he could not even touch in his lifetime.
“You have to have money to work. Write it once.” All sorts of thoughts crossed my mind.
‘It’s obviously dangerous. No, that doesn’t matter. What can’t I do with this money?’
“Don’t just stare, check it out. It’s a large gold coin, so you can count it.”
“I believe in the old man. but… …
It was the first time I was afraid of money.
“I don’t know what it is, but I will. But I don’t need this much money on this floor.”
Myron chuckled.
“What are you talking about? This is a down payment.”
“??????yes?”
“I don’t know what floor you are talking about, but my business has a different floor. I give it as a way to do well in the future. If you do a good job, I will give you ten times this amount.”
’10 million gold?’
Travis shook his head.
‘no. this is never Even moderate nobles don’t have this much money.’
I realized the identity of the sense of incongruity.
‘Even if I were to sell my skills, or even my life, it wouldn’t be worth this much to me.’
Myron felt the same way.
‘It’s a bit big.’
Roasting over low heat is the standard, but now an hour was a waste of time.
‘Even if it can’t be helped until tomorrow’s daily newspaper, you have to block the evening edition unconditionally. It has to be baked quickly.’
Click, the briefcase closed.
“… … I’ll do it.”
It was natural.
‘You can end your life in one shot, but who is there to go back a long way? People aren’t that complicated.’
Money is complicated.
“Then I will trust you.”
“excuse me… … Do I not have to write a contract or something?”
My conscience stung because the amount was so large, but from Myron’s point of view, it was absolutely impossible.
‘Why did they bring it in kind?’
he said, pointing to his briefcase.
“Isn’t that a contract? feel comfortable This is because you can earn as much as you want in the future.”
I realized in that moment.
‘You’re a politician. Am I finally seeing the light?’
He didn’t know his face or name yet, but he felt like he could offer up his soul.
“If there is someone I will serve… …
“ha.”
Taking off his glasses, Myron spat out, revealing his irritated feelings.
“What is a thug so curious about?”
Travis saw a terrible vision of 1 million gold disappearing in an instant.
maybe instinct.
Travis jumped up from his seat, bent at a 90 degree angle and opened his mouth.
“sorry. I didn’t know the subject. This will never happen again.”
Myron filled a glass of strong liquor and held it out.
“Have a drink. I will say goodbye separately.”
“Yes, old man.”
Travis, who poured the alcohol straight down his throat, lowered his head while holding the briefcase.
“Call me anytime.”
When I left the bar and saw the sun again, my head was spinning with the alcohol.
But there was no drunkenness.
‘No, are you drunk?’
Even though he was carrying a bag full of gold coins, his arms and hands were numb.
Travis took a deep breath and entered the street with a poker face.
My heart felt like it would explode.
‘driving me crazy.’
Wouldn’t someone steal the bag, wouldn’t there be a follower, wouldn’t lightning strike suddenly?
‘Please, please, let’s just go home.’
He always walked the streets with his chin held high, but at this moment he was the weakest human in the world.
“Extra! Extra!”
Articles about the giant pyramid built in Jive were spread through magazines.
“Repent! The end of the world is coming!”
All the religions of the world were out on the streets preaching their doctrines.
“King Jive, announce the full story of the incident! We do not want a corrupt king!”
Civic groups were now marching in the streets and spreading their opinions.
But Travis.
‘Honey, wait! son! Dad did it!’
Chin down 1 million gold in front of family
Only the moment you put it down was real.

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-113.txt
=============YYYYY=============
[113] Report card at the end of the semester (5)
Kaizen Swordsmanship Academy.
Please enable JavaScript
Located in the capital of the kingdom of Tormia, the Kaizen Swordsmanship Academy boasts a 200-year history and has produced many knights who have achieved great achievements.
There were more than 10 certified first-class swordsmen alone, and among them, 3 were given the title of swordsman.
iron conviction. A symbol of courage.
Anyone who dreams of becoming a knight in the kingdom of Tormia wants to enter the Kaizen Swordsmanship Academy.
However, there was no entrance exam here. Instead, it goes through a one-month probationary process, during which the cadet’s qualifications are evaluated and final admission decisions are made.
There are as many as 300 cadets in one semester. Of these, only 30 were admitted.
Lian, proudly among these 30, was currently taking lessons at the Kaizen Swordsmanship Academy.
Urban combat training ground.
The training ground where the scenery of the city was reproduced was the pride of Kaizen.
The teacher with a clown sticking out like a skull glared at the first-year students sitting on the stairs.
“Today’s practical subject is movement. Among them, you first-year students will focus on shifting the center of gravity and evaluate them.”
The teacher’s name is Parka Quan.
A certified 6th grade swordsman, before being wounded in the leg in the war, he was a master swordsman called a death mage.
“Center displacement is a skill that a prosecutor must possess. This is because the three beats of a sword—speed, power, and accuracy—start from here.”
Quan limped on his right leg and walked up the stairs. Then he asked, pointing at the tall boy with his chin.
“you. Where is the center of gravity of the swordsman?”
“yes! It’s a navel!”
“Wrong. you, tell me.”
Quan pointed at the cadet with his eyes wide open like a shark. Without knowing the answer, he had to stand up straight away. If you hesitate even a little bit, it will be a test and you will be punished.
“yes! It’s the sole!”
“Wrong. you.”
“It’s a sword!”
“Get down. Do 200 push-ups.”
“practice!”
The cadet broke away from the row and started doing push-ups. Exhausting one’s stamina before a test is a terrible thing, but the teachers at the swordsmanship academy didn’t care about that.
Quan pulled out the longsword that was strapped to his waist. The tip was spread out like a fan, and the sword body looked relatively thin.
“Where is the center of gravity of the test? The answer is outside. This is called external gravity in schema terms. Follow me, outer gravity.”
“External gravity!”
The cadets were angry even as they shouted. To explain a term I hadn’t heard in a semester right before the exam.
“The reason I haven’t explained it until now is because it’s annoying. Of course, there’s no way an asshole like you would find out. But today, I’m in a bad mood, so I’m going to add an evaluation of external gravity. Got it?”
“yes!”
The cadets’ answers echoed loudly. The roaring roar contained the intent to kill. Now, if the evaluation items are changed, what will become of their efforts that they rolled over like dogs for half a year?
‘Oh, I really want to do something about it. What kind of teacher is that?’
“I only do it once. So that I can see it well and apply it to the evaluation.”
Each person’s thoughts, anyway, silence flowed in the originally quiet Colosseum.
“I cut while leaving, and cut while retreating.”
Kuan repeatedly advanced and retreated, showing off his cutting skills. The sound of the wind cutting was terrifying.
“This is the normal swordsmanship movement. The power of the body moves the center, and the movement of the center raises the destructive power of the sword. In addition, if you improve your strength with schema, the destructive power of the sword can increase exponentially.”
The cadets swallowed their saliva. It’s a story I’ve heard until my ears wear out, but their tension ahead of the exam was extremely high.
“… … I’m sure you’re thinking something stupid. However, if you approach the real battle with this idea, you will die within three seconds.”
‘It’s unlucky.’
The cadets’ eyes grew more intense.
“Remember. No matter how strong the destructive power is, if you are pushed back from the movement, you will win one match. Therefore, swordsmen use the center of gravity for movement depending on the situation. It is like this.”
Kuan slammed the ground with the soles of his feet. Then he lifted one of his legs and his body fell toward the floor.
The cadets opened their mouths in a daze. The central axis of the quan was tilted more than 70 degrees.
Is this really possible? It was impossible for humans to maintain such a posture unless at least a rope was tied around their waists.
“The force amplified by the schema maximizes the movement of the center of gravity. Currently, my center is outside the body. This is called external gravity.”
Kuan’s body jumped up like a tumbler.
“If external gravity is used, the possibilities of movement become infinite. For example, something like this is possible.”
Kuan fell backwards, hitting the ground again with the soles of his feet. His body, tilted to the point where his back touched the ground, rotated in a cone.
“External gravity is not gravity that actually exists. It’s just an extremely strong inertia. Therefore, if rotation is fed to external gravity, the body also rotates.”
The rotation slowed as Quan held out his sword. However, as the slope gradually returned, the centripetal force accelerated.
Sssssss!
Standing upright, Quan rotated at a tremendous speed. Then he finished his spin in a controlled manner, as if time had stopped.
The cadets looked at Quan with astonished eyes. What would happen if you were standing there? The ankle would have been cut off first. And it would have been hacked into dozens of pieces by the accelerating blade.
Defense is impossible. It was the same reason that humans could not stop a tornado caused by a difference in atmospheric pressure.
Such explosive external gravity. By analogy, it was a technology similar to rotating a mechanical device with blades.
‘This is the magician of death.’
It was a nickname that was given to the opponent because he gave death without knowing how he suffered.
“This is today’s performance evaluation. Passing through obstacles is the first, street fighting movement is the second.”
“Instructor, I have a question.”
“Get down. Do 200 push-ups.”
The cadets broke away from the column. And he thought while doing push-ups. what the hell did i do wrong?
“Be sure to remember. To get the answer you want, you have to overwhelm the other person. Instructors are not your parents. Don’t look at me with eyes that can’t wait to be praised. Because it’s disgusting. Got it?”
“yes! I will correct it!”
“Try again.”
The cadet, who had finished acting, raised his hand with a shout.
“Instructor! I have a question!”
“say it.”
“What is the street fighting movement evaluated for?”
“That will be explained from now on.”
The cadet felt embarrassed. In fact, the motive for asking the question was because I wanted to look good to Quan. But Quan thought that even respect was a sign of weakness.
“Street fighting movement. It’s annoying, so I’ll make it short and end.”
Kuan entered the building. Like a doll’s house, the front was open, so there was no problem listening to the explanation.
“The place where external gravity shines is the complex terrain. In particular, it can be said that the match is decided by the level of movement because even the space is narrow in urban combat.”
Kuan stamped his foot on the floor. However, he did not attempt external gravity.
“The reason for stamping the ground is to generate force and move the center of gravity. This is called First Impact. Of course, you don’t have time to do crazy things like this in real combat, but you guys, you youngsters, would definitely do well to hit the ground.”
There was a mixture of belittling and ridicule, but the students, who admired Quan’s inaction, were no longer outraged.
“But I don’t hit the ground with first impact. If I shoot here with my own strength, the floor will be smashed. In the schema, the external gravity series uses various first impacts, and among them, I will use muscle vibration, which can be called the basic.”
Quan contracted the muscles in his upper body to generate vibrations. He jumped up and put his hand on the wall. When I adjusted the inertia by bending my elbows, a long view was created in which I was floating in the air for more than 3 seconds.
“Wowaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa”
The cadets let out exclamations. Of course, ‘Get down!’ is supposed to come out, but Kuan continued to explain whether it was a nuisance.
“With the first impact, it leaps while creating external gravity. Of course, in this case, the external gravity force would act in the direction of the wall. By applying this, such a movement is also possible.”
Kuan walked along the wall. The cadets, who slowly raised their heads, looked up at the top with disbelief. Quan stood upside down with both legs on the ceiling.
“External gravity is, after all, using the force of inertia to offset gravity. Therefore, gravity is currently not acting on my body.”
The sight of Kuan walking across the ceiling was beyond awe, to the point of grotesque. But it wasn’t magic.
As long as they can run on walls, they can become circus troupe members who cannot perform schema. However, Kuan only maximized inertia with stronger and more precise power.
When the external gravity disappeared, Quan’s body fell along with the gravity. When they came out of the building after finishing the demonstration, the cadets’ expressions changed 180 degrees.
“Everyone down. Do 200 push-ups.”
“practice!”
The cadets prostrated themselves with sad faces. If you are a formally admitted student, most of them can handle the schema, so it is not an impossible number of times. However, the range of strengthening that they could use as first-year students was not that great, so 200 times was quite stiff.
“Listen while doing it. The first practical skill is a horizontal obstacle, and the height decreases as the level goes up. The final stage will be impossible to pass without the use of external gravity. Time is 20 seconds. Since the obstacle is made of a real sword, it can lead to death in serious cases. Of course, I believe that there are no idiots who avoid obstacles. If you are injured, you will be treated by Instructor Caina.”
Kaina was the best surgeon at the swordsmanship academy. If she had a healer as a mage, she had surgery to perform surgery. The problem was that the surgery was excruciatingly painful. In particular, in the case of amputee patients, it was common for her to pass out while receiving treatment because it was connected to her nervous system.
‘shit! It’s even more scary to hear that!’
“The urban combat movement is simple. Create external gravity and lean on the wall. The longer you survive, the higher your score. Got it?”
“yes!”
Quan, who was examining the faces of the cadets with high spirits, took the evaluation papers and moved.
“It starts at number one. I won’t call you by name, so come out as you notice. Rest for those who are waiting.”
Ryan sat down and rested his chin. It took at least 3 minutes per person, so the time could be said to be ample.
“How are you, can you do well?”
It was a woman’s voice that was not often heard at the swordsmanship school. But Rian looked at her as if she had nothing to do with it. She was a beautiful woman with blonde hair flowing like waves. She was tall and slender, with long limbs that gave her a cool look.
Elzaine Tess.
She was the only daughter of the famous Elzain family in the kingdom, and entered the swordsmanship academy to carry on the family business of her father, the commander of the colony.
His face was cute when viewed cutely and ferocious when viewed ferociously, but his personality was ferocious no matter how you looked at it. Her skills are also outstanding, and she has no one to follow in the first grade.
“Sit down quickly. If you get caught by the instructor, you will be sentenced to death.”
“Oh, does Instructor Liando of the world look scary? Aren’t you busy with scoring anyway?”
“What do you know? He’s a nobleman with eyes on his back. Anyway, why did you change seats all of a sudden?”
“What is a good friend? I’m here to let you go, in case you’re nervous.”
“When have you seen me nervous?”
“Whoops. Well, there’s no bottom to go down, so what’s there to be nervous about? It’s an easy last place.”
A cadet at a swordsmanship school might be offended by this, but Rian only pouted her lips. Tess smiled. His temperament of not getting angry at anything was definitely what set him apart from the other kids.
Why is this man in charge of last place?
Among the freshmen, the person who trained the hardest was definitely Lian. No, he was digesting his harsh training every day, almost to the point of overwork.
—————————————

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-1130.txt
=============YYYYY=============
chain action(3)
The officials gathered at the temple attacked the Kingdom of Paras with unprecedented unity.
“Pyramids were also built in the Iron Kingdom. This is a clear violation of the sovereignty of other countries!”
King Kitra’s mouth did not open.
‘There’s no way I can tell you.’
Sirone knew that the most powerful language is silence.
‘They just want to have a basis for judgment. If you don’t answer, the initiative will not pass.’
Among the few who felt the same way was Balkan.
‘I can’t see Harvits.’
If Vanishing had been activated, he would have been hit by the pope’s aura a little while ago.
‘Pope Constantine is real. Its holy power can shock even high-ranking demons.’
Of course, Satan is on a different level.
‘I can think of two things. Fira
Is there anything more interesting than mead… …
Habitz is weak.
As a result, both cases are true, but Balkan has no choice.
‘Anyway, the momentum has completely gone to Paras. Most countries are broken. The only thing that endures… …
Balkan’s eyes turned to the Kashan Empire.
‘Uorin.’
Her head was buried so deep that she couldn’t see her face, and her shoulders were shaking.
“Big.”
Gando whispered at her moans.
“The Empress, are you okay?”
As the time waves continued to rush in, her head was on the verge of exploding at any moment.
‘What is this? why… …
Gritting my teeth and slowly raising my head, the golden melody of the future poem vibrated like a guitar string.
‘Does the future keep changing?’
My head was dizzy, and when the urge to vomit came in, I jumped up and stood up.
While foreign officials watched, she immediately opened the door and left the meeting room.
the chairman shouted.
“If you leave the conference room now, there will be a penalty! You cannot attend until the next meeting!”
Uorin didn’t even listen, and Jiandao followed her outside.
“The Empress!”
“Why are you here? You should stay too.”
Seeing Uorin’s pale face, she wondered if her life was in danger.
“I will call the medical team.”
“it’s okay. Bring Kido.”
“From the physical condition… …
“Daughter!”
Seeing that even shouting seemed difficult, Gando bit his lip and ran outside.
Uorin, who walked alone, sat down in front of the door, unable to move further.
“hey! Woorin!”
When Kido arrived, he was half unconscious and trembling.
“Kiddo, the timeline keeps changing.”
“Do not say.”
As Kido took her in his arms, Gando took out a key and opened the door.
“Gando, you watch the outside.” Uorin, who had given the order, weakly pointed at the carpet on the floor.
“To that place.”
When Kido got down, she sat cross-legged and said,
“Establish the Earthquake Spirit.”
It was to keep Harvits in check.
“… … okay.”
Kido, who took out the spear behind his back and rotated it, stopped horizontally and activated the incarnation technique.
‘Earthbound.’
The strong gravity, unable to move even a single step, pressed the room around them.
“Never untie it.” Uorin closed her eyes, and History Search was activated.
“Kuk!”
The time wave is endlessly pushing, but the biggest change seems to have already happened.
‘Then I can find it.’
No matter how the world changes, human behavior can be predicted in a large range.
‘I need to find a keyword.’
The sum of the causes is the effect, but each cause has a different weight.
If someone ate an apple.
‘I have no choice but to analyze all causes.’ Because I’m hungry, because I like fruit, because I only have apples, because I’m adjusting my diet, etc.
Among them, the cause that accounts for the largest proportion of the result will be different for each person.
‘Key keywords!’
In a state of trance, the work of weighing all the causes was continuing.
how much time has passed
“Huh!”
Uorin, who opened her eyes, leaned forward.
“Hey, are you okay?”
Kido turned his head halfway and asked, but Uorin, who was engulfed in shock, could not answer.
“Because you’re okay!”
You have succeeded in finding the key keywords.
However, the person who becomes the most important event in a world covered by a new time wave… … .
‘why?’
It was completely out of her expectation.
‘Kaden?’
A native of Tormia, the fate of the Red Cross.
Although he has a unique history, he was a person whose influence in this temple was quite low.
‘It’s not me, Sirone, or Harbitz… …
Is it Caden?
“It’s completely wrong.”
As Uorin turned off the future poem and stood up, Kido hurriedly supported him and asked.
“Are you okay now?”
‘In this world… …
She looked at the pyramid outside the window with a disgusted expression.
‘What’s about to happen?’
Meanwhile, in the conference hall, the offensive against Paras was still going on.
“Reveal the identity of the pyramid! Otherwise, we will have no choice but to use force.”
Kitra didn’t answer, and the venomous snake coiled around his neck flicked his tongue mockingly.
“this… …
Just as the official was about to shout, Kitra got up and headed for the door without a word.
“Stop!”
“I formally request the detention of King Kitra!”
Detention is possible for anyone in a temple-participating country, but the procedure is terribly complicated.
‘It’s no use. The temple is the backbone of diplomacy. You can’t easily detain a country’s representative.’
When the sense of dejection at not finding out anything turned into anger, the officials changed the target.
It was Geese of the Jive Kingdom.
“I want to ask Jive. Do you know why the pyramids were built?”
Geese replied bluntly.
“How do I know that?”
“It’s not the Jive that has been hit the hardest! They say that the powers of the angels have been neutralized.”
Geese bared his teeth as he stabbed the sore spot.
“Don’t sway public opinion with uncertain events! When the time comes, I will announce it myself.”
the albino asked.
“By the way, a strange article appeared in the daily newspaper today. Well, moral criticism is probably not my part, but isn’t this kind of collusion breaking trust?”
‘Inspirational. Knowing everything.’
As soon as the water was opened, officials from other countries also helped with one voice.
“Exactly. I heard that the citizens may elect a new king according to their national laws. Since this is a matter that also affects temple principles, wouldn’t it be better to just walk away?”
Gith’s reaction was the same as Kitra’s.
“hmm.”
“Say something!”
‘Are you crazy? Let me speak.’
Whether you confess innocently or deny it, you become prey from the moment you open your mouth.
Arachne’s Prime Minister Phaedra, who was keeping an eye on the atmosphere, supported Gis.
“The important thing now is the pyramid. Wouldn’t it be better to stop the meeting and give countries time to react?”
His gaze fell upon the chairman of the temple assembly.
‘Hang it up. Hang up.’
The President of the General Assembly struck the gavel.
“I will take a break for three hours. We’ll do it again after the information gathering is over.”
The faces of the officials were rotten.
‘It’s already gone.’
There was no doubt that there was also a general meeting at the secret banquet Arachne provided.
Rufist rested his chin.
‘This is why politics at night is scary.’ Because sharing each other’s weaknesses builds an alliance system stronger than any paper.
‘But it’s also an opportunity for us.’
Geese was the first to leave, and Fleur, who had been lost in thought, quietly stood up.
‘huh?’
Sirone looked at her as she left the door.
‘Is there something urgent?’
It wasn’t a particularly busy gesture, but it was unusual not to report it to Lou Fist.
Flew left the door and caught Geese in his eyes.
“Aw, get inside. bring me some coffee Fill it with ice.”
It was her first time using the beauty world, but her heart grew colder every time she took a step.
‘I’m a pro.’
what you have to do to do the job.
The advice of an albino I had heard in the conference room a few hours ago passed through my head.
“You can’t approach it as delicately as Arachne. Let’s go to Jeongseokdae. First of all, it’s a crash. A collision disguised as a coincidence.”
said the albino.
“Although it is classical, human beings are animals of rationalization. You won’t notice with this.”
“Is it really so? I mean, if you’re an albino, you can notice it, right?”
“No, I can’t.”
The albino smiled.
“I can say this because it’s someone else’s business. It’s because of cognitive limitations. When people look at themselves, they think of causes, and when they look at others, they think of results.”
“Hmm.”
“It’s not that it’s bad, it’s that it has to be. This is the reason why he is not tolerant of other people’s mistakes, but is infinitely tolerant of his own. That’s why we need to keep quiet about others… …
Albino touched his beard.
“Anyway, the reason you’re worried is that you’re looking at Gis as a set result. But Gis says he doesn’t know the outcome.”
Fleur understood.
“For me it is a specific event, but for Gis it is one of countless coincidences.”
“That’s right. I would go crazy if I gave meaning to every coincidence that happens every moment. It is often said that I made a stupid mistake. But it’s not stupid at all for the person involved. It’s just being swept away by the flow of cause and effect.”
between humans.
How far apart are we?
“I am, indeed. Things you don’t even know.” As people began to come out of the conference room, Flew walked over to Geese, who grumbled.
‘No need to worry.’
Flu started running hurriedly down the hallway and hit Geese on the shoulder, spilling coffee.
“Oh, what is it? annoying.”
For Geese, it must be one of the many causes.
“Oh, sorry.”
It was the only outcome for Flu.
“I have papers to hand over, so I rushed and stopped… … . Are you okay?”
Geese frowned.
“No, are you busy here alone? Let’s put some order in the place where important people are gathered.”
Flew lowered her head as the officials who left the conference room began to pay attention.
“I’m really sorry. that’s my fault.” The officials groaned.
“what? what’s the matter? Isn’t that woman the chief secretary of the Tormia Magic Association?”
“I heard you spilled coffee.”
Their words caught Gisu’s ears.
‘The Magic Association Chief of Staff?’
Moreover, if it is Tormia, Yahweh is at the forefront.
It was a country with its own influence.
‘Hmm.’
It would not be easy for a person in that position to bow his head in front of everyone.
‘but. Jive’s name is worth it.’ The strength went into Geese’s shoulders stiffly.
‘It will work.’
Fleur, still with her head down, looked at the floor and recalled the albino’s words.
– They say that there is no woman who hates being called beautiful, and there is no man who hates being called strong. Though there is a difference in degree, the ideology has nothing to do with it. Because it works at the genetic level.
‘You have to be liked.’
-If you want to control a man, you have to praise his power. Money, power, titles, everything that is possible with his abilities. Make me feel like the strongest guy in the world.
Geese’s expression softened.
“Well, I bowed my head over such a trivial matter. stop it Aren’t you also a VIP of the country?” -Once that happens, men are usually half-conscious. If you compare it to a woman, only you among women.] It would be similar to the feeling of walking while hearing the word ‘beautiful’.
Fleur understood.
-If you succeed up to that point, you can say that you have sewn the first button well. I’ll listen to pretty much anything. Because you have to be an incredibly capable and strong person. That’s when it started.
A war of desire.

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-1131.txt
=============YYYYY=============
chain action(4)
Geese studied Fleur’s face.
‘Hmm.’
According to information from Dante’s department, Geese’s tastes are quite hardcore.
– She’s just plain beautiful, and she probably won’t be interested in things like that. Sexual pleasure is intertwined with lust for dominance. If you were a princess of a country, even an ugly woman would welcome you.
Albino added.
-Of course, that doesn’t mean you’re ugly, only you.
Geese nodded.
‘Are you okay?’
I liked Fleur’s attitude of not showing displeasure while feeling his gaze.
‘He’s the chief secretary of the Magic Association… …
Of course, his experience was not trivial, so he never showed his emotions from the beginning.
“Come to think of it, there is no interaction with the Magic Association of Tormia yet. Are you doing well?”
“I am doing my best.”
“Well, it is difficult. This politics is not about flying and running alone.”
“yes. Of course it is.”
It sounds like an ordinary conversation, but the officials who analyze the words at the nanoscale were able to see through.
‘Tormia can’t even make a sound.’
The reaffirmation of that power caused something to rise from the depths of Geith’s body.
‘Ah, it suddenly pulls.’
Geese said, placing a hand on Flew’s shoulder.
“Anyway, isn’t this a place where everyone gathered for world peace? We have a little time left, so let’s have some tea.”
“It is an honour.”
Flew’s eyes went cold as he followed Gis.
‘It’s not today anyway.’
He was not careless enough to do things in front of all the officials of other countries.
Fermi, who was walking from the other side, glanced at Geese and Fleur out of the corner of his eye.
‘I’m already at work. Is it faster than expected?’
From the time the rumor spread in the daily newspaper, I thought that anyone who entered would enter.
‘But it’s Tormia. Sirone, there’s no way that pure-bred had asked to do it
At that time, Si Lorne, who came out of the conference room belatedly, looked at the flue and made a serious expression.
From that look, Fermi realized.
‘Isn’t that what we discussed?’
this is a bit strong
‘Lupist. It’s definitely a strong enemy.’
While the other country was bouncing the abacus, it had been bitten with an animal sense.
After making brief eye contact with Sirone, Fermi passed by with a nonchalant expression.
‘cheer up. It’s going to hurt your head for a while.’
This would be a good business tool
However, the pyramid was more important to Fermi.
‘It’s probably because Uorin ran out.
The law and the system must have changed.’ Fermi looked out the window.
“not bad.”
Apocalypse.
Five managers of High Gear gathered in a place where Mucus was covering the entire world.
“Finally finished.”
A white orb resembling a snow crystal slowly rotated over the operator’s palm.
“Ice blood.”
It was a special code that could harden Mucus when injected into Digital Ra’s core.
After a while, a voice was heard from behind.
“Are you here already?”
They were Syrone who received the message and entered Apocalypse, and the officers of the parrot mercenary group.
Marsha pointed.
“Is it a virus or something?”
“yes. It’s very powerful. Once planted in the core, we won’t be able to control it either.”
“It doesn’t matter. It’s an abandoned world anyway.”
Sirone looked at the landscape.
“It seems to have increased. The height of Yucus is different. The excavator is also gone.”
“uh? Is that so?”
Marsha confirmed that the ground of Yucus was covering more of the sky than before.
Sirone guessed the reason.
‘It’s because of the pyramid.’
Since the law was distorted to such an extent that the status of the angels fell, Apocalypse also changed.
‘More Yucus. What does this mean?’
Vice-captain Freeman said.
“Let’s go down first. I haven’t been able to mine for days. You seem to be in a hurry too.”
The Parrot Mercenary Corps knew about the pyramids built all over the world.
“Yes, it is.”
As soon as he took his first step, Yucus felt the vibration and flew ferociously.
“Ahh! what!”
To the surprise of High Gear’s managers, Marcia cut off a tentacle with a dagger.
The fallen tentacle wriggled for a while, then turned back into slime and was absorbed into the ground.
“Aww, that sucks. But why are you so violent? It wasn’t like this before.”
‘The nature of Mucus has changed.’
In other words, the algorithm of digital la buried underground has changed.
‘Repelling creatures with a stronger power is a hint about the future.’
Sirone activated Miracle Stream.
“I will do it.”
As the smoke of light spread, the surface of Yucus began to be pushed away like waves.
“I put the curtain on and pressed it with pressure. You won’t be able to pierce it with any force.”
Of course, the story would be different if the mass that covered the entire world was concentrated in one place.
‘At that time, it was an all-out war.’
Contrary to concerns, Yucus did not shake much and the party arrived safely at their destination.
“There’s a digital ra down here. To be precise, I have to ride a strange device for a long time, but.”
Even if Syrone did not remember, Fermi knew the geography of the Apocalypse.
“then??????
Sirone, who gathered the smoke of light again, cast Hand of God above her head.
“be careful.”
The officers of the Parrot Mercenary Corps escorted the manager.
‘The mucus keeps playing. Digging in as quickly as possible is the best way.’
The Hand of God raised his index finger and slammed it down vertically toward Youkus.
Jukkus, who felt the tremendous vibration, erected a giant tentacle column from several tens of meters away.
Lollipop Mark shouted.
“Aww! come!”
At the same time, the Hand of God, which was embedded in the ground, rotated like a drill and slammed downward.
“Jump down!”
Avoiding the tentacles flying from all sides, the mining team quickly threw themselves into the pit.
The narrowing hole was completely closed, and the tentacles stuck to the surface exploded like a mass of water.
“Ah. ｝Ah!”
In the depths of the endless fall, a middle-aged hairy boy with a smile mark screamed like a girl.
‘It’s incredibly deep.’
The Hand of God penetrates faster than the acceleration of gravity, but that’s why it was even more of a problem.
‘The pressure is too strong.’
Looking up, the gut-like tunnel Sirone had pierced was quickly closing.
‘ yes’?’
At that moment, the enormous resistance that had surged against the Hand of God disappeared like a lie.
“Sirone!”
Marsha shouts.
“Keugh!”
Sirone, who returned the Hand of God to the Miracle Stream, defeated everyone.
“ha! ha.”
While floating in the sky, the operator looked at the city 200 meters below.
“this… … What happened?”
There was a space roughly the size of a city inside what was supposed to be filled with mucus.
Marsha flew to Sirone.
“thank you. It wasn’t the speed that I could sustain with the fly magic.”
“yes. But where is it?”
It was confined to a huge dome, and along the outskirts of the city there was a curtain of Juchus.
“Maybe something like this?” Marsha raised her index finger.
“The apocalyptic world responds to changes in reality. If an event in the future caused the expansion of Mucus to proceed at a faster than normal rate… …
“It creates a zone where the air gets trapped.”
“okay. Yucus predicts that a cell buster will happen in reality. But the reason why the ground has risen is not because the amount has increased, but because it has swelled. Maybe there are places like this all over the world of Apocalypse? Like the stuffing of cheese.”
Sirone agreed.
“Let’s go down and take a look.” The mining team, who cast magic and came down to the ground, looked around the city first.
“A lot has changed too. There are also buildings that I have not seen before. This makes things complicated.”
There were remnants of Yucus on the floor, but it wasn’t difficult to find.
The administrators who entered Apocalypse for the first time were depressed by the tranquil scenery.
“Are people not living?”
Marsha was thinking about it too.
“It was not at all. Children of the sun, dynamic human. but
There was nothing now.
“Most of them must have been swept away by the flood of Yucus. No wonder. At this level… …
uhhhhh uhhhhh
The group’s footsteps stopped at the sound of moans coming from somewhere.
“what?”
Sirone quickly looked around and ran towards the source of the sound.
It was a square steel structure.
‘I’ve seen it.’
Memories of Labyrinth Andre came to mind.
‘World No. 19000.’
A place where humanity has met its spiritual end among the many possible worlds.
“I’ll just go.”
“What are you talking about? People are locked up.”
Marsha jumped onto the warehouse, grabbed the handle of the iron door, and pulled.
“Okay.”
When it did not open, Freeman came up.
“Look out. I will break it.”
Equipped with magic bullets, he aimed his gun at the mechanical panel next to the door.
“for a moment!”
Lollipop Mark raised his hand to dry.
“Leave it to me.” Holding Freeman’s hand, the boy went up to the warehouse and carefully inspected the shape of the panel.
“Wow, that’s awesome.”
the operator asked.
“Can you open it?”
“Ten seconds.”
When I brought a card made by Under Coder and put it on, the panel became transparent and the code was visible.
“Hmm. The technology is excellent, but the pattern is simple. Could it have been just a matter of locking it?”
With a click, the device is unlocked.
“It’s convenient. How did you do it?”
“Hehe, didn’t you call me because you’re an expert in this field? Anyway, you can open it now.”
Marsha grabbed the handle.
“where… …
The door opened, and as Sirone expected, a scream of shock erupted.
“Aww! what’s this!”
From children to the elderly, from men to women, they were all tangled up naked.
“The Human Reservoir.”
Everyone turned to Sirone.
“The worst situation that mankind will ever face is happening here right now.”
“worst case?”
Marsha looked down into the warehouse.
The sight of people living by licking each other’s liquids was by no means a human life.
“therefore… … This is Apocalypse, right? It is constructed based on information from reality.”
“yes. In other words, if there is no change in reality, we will be like this in the distant future.”
“why’?”
Marsha’s eyes twitched.
“Why is this happening? Why are we going?”
“I don’t know yet. To find out the cause, you have to go deeper. And to mine, you have to plant a virus first.”
Sirone turned around.
“Stop going. Even while doing this, the real world is moving towards this moment.”
While Marsha made a dazed expression, Freeman gently closed the iron door.
“Let’s go, Marsha.”
With the atmosphere subdued, the mining team moved on with a reverent heart.
However, the consolation point was that the route to Digital La remained.
“Here.”
Sirone saw the tombstone erected next to the building.
‘Fairy Biomimetics Lab.’ I don’t remember it because the information came in a state of loss, but there was a fact that I knew because of that.
“for a moment. Fairy?”
A long time ago, a fairy was split in two by a guffin.
“What’s wrong, Sirone?”
Marsha asked, but Sirone could not answer.
‘An elf who was combined with a Norse by the power of Agape. A fairy that controls humans in heaven.’
And now, the fairy who commanded heaven was staying on the planet of Sirone.
“I wasn’t an elf.”
While Marsha blinked, Sirone’s face twisted horribly.
“It was the fairies that ruled the human world.”

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-1132.txt
=============YYYYY=============
Colossal Adjustment (1)
Marsha asked.
“What do you mean?”
“Apocalypse is a place where the last information of the future that can be reached based on reality is accumulated. Of course, it is not a structure that is physically accumulated.”
“okay. Even in an ordinary home, there are things that are one year old, and there are things that are over 20 years old. Mining is collecting the oldest artifacts and uncovering information about the near future. Of course, there are times when you actually have to mine… …
“yes. In that sense, it means a lot that the building where Digital Ra is located is Fairy Biome Metics. In the demon war, the elves sided with the humans. The elven chief, Enox, thinks of themselves as a failed race.”
Only human beings dream endlessly, desire endlessly, struggle without ceasing.
“She knows. That the species that did not assimilate into human society eventually become livestock.”
Representatively, there is a hwajok.
“Enox and the elves are still fighting. And this tombstone speaks of their results.”
“Fairy won.”
It was never good for humans either.
“Why don’t you show up? It’s understandable that the giant doesn’t move because he’s already obeying Le’s command, but… …
“It is the same with fairies. As Ikael stepped down from the position of archangel, his focal point disappeared. But now it’s clear what they’re after.”
Fairy Biomimetics Inc.
“I’m trying to be human.” Biomimetics.
“As for the elves’ agape… … In a completely different way.”
The cries of the angels were sad.
“Ah, why did this happen… … is it an angel
There was no nobility to be found in those who lost their pure concept, the Astral Body.
Just low self-esteem.
‘Why are you sad?’
Uriel looked up at the sky where Sirone left.
‘Just because we lost the concept doesn’t mean we cease to be who we are. But why?’
There has always been a perfect standard.
Angels, who have their own concept from birth, have no conflict about their actions.
‘Even if it’s a fallen angel… … A crime committed within one’s concept
being
‘For the angels, the light body must have been the standard of existence, regardless of power or ability.’
If it wasn’t for that much of a shock, it wouldn’t have been possible to call it a fall in status.
‘Then what about me?’
Uriel asked himself.
‘Even if I lose the Astral Body, even if there is no standard of existence, can I make a choice?’
I couldn’t kill Ichael.
The fact that the Archangel of Destruction hesitated in the face of destruction was clearly a function of the mind.
‘I defined myself by my own standards, not by the standards of the universe.’
The asteroid does not perish.
“Ah, Mr. Uriel.”
The angels gathered toward the brilliant asteroid floating above Uriel’s head.
“What shall we do now? Should it perish? Or should it exist? This hand, this foot… … Where should I move?” Uriel looked down at the servile expressions of the angels.
‘I’ve never done it before.’
The act of choosing something for oneself.
“let’s go.”
Uriel turned around.
‘I can’t go to the human world where Satiel lived. They won’t stand it.’
In other words, a child who has just been born.
Terrible things would happen if they were taken to humans who dealt with uncertainty.
‘Like a predator.’
The angels asked as they followed helplessly.
“Where are you going?”
The Archangel with the celestial body left for the sun, and humans became their nemesis.
“Crown.”
He was the head of the 72nd class of fairies.
A giant sailboat created by Ashur’s signal stretched out into the vast space.
Sirone was in the captain’s room.
‘Raiel must have arrived.’
Ashur’s sailboat is also fast enough to go to the sun in one day, but the speed of light is different.
‘Concept, not speed. The unit of signal that composes the universe.’
The mind is faster than the speed of light, but super light speed is nothing but nothing between signals.
‘There is no substance that is faster than light.’
Even at that speed, it would take about 10 minutes to get to the sun.
Ashur came in.
“sorry.”
It was Sirone, who mobilized all of Signal’s abilities and was wary of the outside while he recovered.
“no. Warp is impossible. If it wasn’t for Mr. Ashur, he wouldn’t have even tried.”
If there is even the slightest doubt left in the mind, the quantum phenomenon will not be activated.
Although Omega’s experience could bring it closer, this time I wasn’t sure.
‘No creature has ever entered the sun. No, even if there was, it would have been the same.’
It was an unknown that was out of even Taeseong’s control.
“Going in a straight line would be the fastest, but there are many risk factors at subluminal speed. I will take a detour to a safe route.”
“yes. Please.” When I came down to the passenger compartment, I saw Ikael and Amy standing side by side in front of the window.
Ikael’s expression darkened.
“Are you concerned?”
She betrayed Heaven for Sirone, but the angels were also precious to her.
“yes. But it will be fine. Because Uriel is left. He will take good care of you.”
Amy asked.
“You said it was the home of angels. What kind of place is it? It’s my first time going to the sun.”
Sensing her consideration, Ikael smiled.
“It’s a beautiful place. Of course, by human standards, it may be a bit extreme.”
“little bit?”
Sirone’s eyes narrowed.
“Whoops. The sun’s light is a network that travels end to end in outer space. If there is no light, there is no sense, and then there is no world for humans.”
“Everything comes from the sun.”
“yes. That’s ‘La’. And the one who controls all those suns is the Anke Line, the incarnation of the unquenchable sun, the Akashic Records.” immortal a.
“If any creature born of Ra came to Miss Amy’s planet, it might feel like a tough environment. But to me, an angel, the sun is the most cozy and peaceful place to rest.”
“Then angels can withstand the sun.”
“Of course I can’t stand it.”
Ikael pursed his lips and rolled his eyes.
When Amy lost her words at the girlish appearance, she continued to explain with a smile.
“Even an angel who is a conceptual body cannot stand in front of the huge energy of the sun.”
It was the reason why the 12 apostles did not come.
“However, the asteroid does not disappear and is absorbed intact. That’s why angels can go to the sun. In other words, the sun itself is a gigantic asteroid.”
It seemed to know what it meant.
“It is a set of mental bodies. But can we humans survive?”
Sirone said.
“I’m sure we can defend ourselves with the Miracle Stream, but that’s probably the limit. If Satiel takes a hostile response, it could be dangerous.”
“That’s why Amy came along.”
Ikael said.
“Amy with the incarnation of fire will be able to withstand the power of the sun. In terms of the law, it means that the systems do not conflict and become compatible.”
“Do you really think so?”
Of course, he was confident, and even if he wasn’t confident, he would have followed him, but the opponent was none other than Taeyang.
‘I’m stepping on the sun?’ Ikael stroked her hair as the imagining Amy’s eyes unfocused.
“Ho-ho, don’t worry. If it affects the conceptual body of the angels, it means that it is close to the phase of Ra. It’s good to look forward to it. It is a very beautiful place.”
Amy looked back at the window.
“sun??????
At the far end of outer space, a sparkling star the size of a gold coin was waiting for them.
The sun is wonderful. If you see a fireball that is 100 times the size of the human planet from just 1,000 meters away, you will realize how splendid this world is.
Both eyes were blinded by the tremendous light, and if it was a creature, it would have melted right away.
“The operation has definitely changed.”
The angels, who are concept entities, have accepted the whole world of pale deterioration as it is.
Rayel transferred the consciousness to the asteroid.
“There has been an adjustment throughout the universe. To build several pyramids on one planet.”
In terms of the rate of change, it was a subtlety that could not be measured with any instrument.
Adjustment located at the point reached by digging into half of half, half of half of that half with air coward.
The changes that have taken place in that realm are what the angels call.
“feeling.”
Satiel frowned.
“Even with an angel’s senses, a change so small that feeling is everything. But because the name has changed… …
It’s a huge adjustment.
The explosion on the sun’s surface sent a plume of fire thousands of kilometers high into space.
feast of light.
The light born now will cross the vacuum and cause countless events throughout the universe… … .
“joy.”
There was no angelic authority in that light.
“I can’t admit it. I’ll bring back the angels. You can change it from the core.”
“Can I? Even if all the archangels gather, it’s difficult. Above all, even if you connect to Ra’s core, if you want to reverse this change… …
Amplification power is needed.
“Ichael.”
The fact that he couldn’t do anything without her fueled Satiel’s anger.
“You have no choice but to try. Now it’s just the two of us left. An angel with a heart… … yes?”
Satiel looked back at Rayel.
“But why do you still have the Astral Body? Have you ever broken the standard of the law?” There was no answer, and Mara Luna, who was hiding behind Ley El, strained her eyes.
‘It’s all because of you.’
When Satiel decided to become an archangel herself, the archangels left her side.
Although she screamed loudly, her voice could not touch the world.
‘Raiel-nim stopped walking.’
– I am the archangel! I’ll make everything right! I will punish the traitor Ikael!
Rayel, who had been listening to her cries all night, sighed and turned around.
“Luna, let’s go back.”
“Raiel-nim, Satiel-nim does not have the authority to lead the archangels. Why do you want to bend over?”
– I am the noblest! I am the chief angel!
“I’ve known you for a long time.” Luna could never forget the look on Layell’s face as she turned to Satiel at that moment.
“Because I don’t think you should leave me too.”
“Rael… …
he made his own choice
Satiel didn’t ask anymore.
“red. well, it’s okay If you are there, it will be a little easier. Because you are the archangel of light.”
“okay. Let’s go in.”
The moment the two angels leaned toward the sun, Luna’s face crumpled.
“Keugh! Rayel… …
“Go back to subspace. This is our hometown. It is not a place that Mara can endure.”
It felt like my body would melt if I moved just 1 meter from here.
“I don’t like it. I will follow you.”
Moonlight Mara Luna is the goddess of madness. Her obsession with Leila was beyond imagination.
“Luna.”
Rayel caressed her terribly beautiful face.
“I command.”
“Layle. You are my master.” Rubbing her cheeks with tears in her eyes, Luna’s body blurred and she disappeared into subspace.
Rayel turned around.
“Let’s go.”
The conceptual bodies of the two angels rushing toward the sun at breakneck speed began to catch fire.
‘iced coffee.’
Satiel felt an infinite rest.
‘la. my hometown.’
The body of the angel evaporated in an instant, and the two stars dug into the bosom of the sun.

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-1133.txt
=============YYYYY=============
Colossal Adjustment (2)
Shirone, who was staring at the hallway where Fleur left, turned around at the exact timing.
“Let’s talk.”
Rufist sensed that the time had come.
‘I can’t lie forever.’
I hoped they wouldn’t know until the end, but it was an alliance that I couldn’t help but tell if asked.
“okay.”
When I entered the conference room in the Tormia area, an albino was waiting in advance.
“What are you hiding from me?” Rufist let out a sigh.
“okay. It’s a decision made in haste. We are planning to use the beauty world using the flue.”
“Did your sister accept it too?”
“of course. No matter how subordinate he is, he ignores opinions and doesn’t make people do things like this.”
Sirone knew the flue.
“Isn’t that what you had to do? Anyway, this is not what I want.”
“late. that you have already entered You saw it too.”
“I can turn it back.”
“It’s a national strategy.”
“But it’s a strategy I haven’t discussed with you. I can’t help Tormia if it’s like this.”
Even Lufist, who prided himself on being the most cool-headed in the Magic Association, could not ignore his remarks.
“Are you threatening me?”
“no. That’s because the truth is. Because you can’t promote Ultima with anything you don’t mean.”
“good. Then we have no choice but to give up on you.”
Rufist had super-precipitation.
“I’ll bring my sister Fleur.”
“Why are you Fleur is my employee. Now you can’t interfere with what you say.”
“I am doing what I believe is right. It has always been, and it will continue to be.”
Rufist hit the table with a bang.
“What the hell is wrong with you!”
“evacuation. evacuation.”
As the voice rose, the albino at the table moved quietly and sat down on the sofa.
“You know where this is! Other countries are doing worse than this! Are you going to fight fair and square against those guys! I still think you’re a magic school student! 1st grade, 3rd class?”
Sirone shut his mouth.
“Listen. The reason we’re sitting here is because we’ve chosen to do the things that others don’t want to do. Of course, there must be noble things like hard work and training. But do you think that’s all there is to it? Sometimes you have to touch dirty things to win. I can solve the problem.”
“First grade, class 3.”
The albino gaze turned to Sirone.
“People who dreamed of their childhood ideals, believed that they could change something, and worked hard are now in this place.”
In Sirone’s mind, the years he had lived so far passed by like a kaleidoscope.
The Ogent family’s librarian, the magic school’s Class Seven, Five, Four, and even the graduating class.
Looking back, I think I was really young, but it was a time I was not ashamed of.
‘I fought with all my might.’
Even if it was like a child’s play, I don’t know if that’s why the adults were angry, but because I believed it was right.
‘I had the courage to do that.’ Is it that now everyone is frightened, pale in front of the monster that is the world, and forgot about it?
‘We all dreamed of it.’
Where did those gigantic children who could easily resist the monster’s tempting hand go?
“If even one percent of them had kept their convictions, the world wouldn’t be like this.”
“that’s right. That 1 percent doesn’t exist, that’s the reality. Everyone wants to be like that, but I hate being that 1 percent. Those are the three phases we live in. You know that. It’s not childish, don’t be childish.”
“inducement?”
Sirone’s eyebrows twitched.
“Since when did the value that human beings have to protect until the end become childish? Isn’t it cool to have a subordinate do that, because it’s not childish?”
“Not everyone is like you. Are you the one who makes me look funny? I am also giving up personal gain and working for the country. Same with Flu.”
“So they say I do it! An integrated mental system at any cost… … !”
“How do you do that!” Shirone was shocked when Lufist brought out the words she had stored in her heart.
“From the beginning… … Did you not believe it?”
“ha.”
Rufist stood up on his desk and lowered his head.
“Sirone, humans aren’t great. Resources are limited, and dealing with desire is still immature. They are only slightly civilized in hunting and gathering, but they are the same as primitive people who pursue money.”
He stared at Sirone.
“I don’t believe you? no i trust you You are mankind’s greatest wizard. If I had asked for a war, I would have bet not only my life, but also the entire population of Tormia on you. But it is not an integrated mental system. What I don’t believe in is not Yahweh, but humans.”
Sirone’s lips trembled.
“You don’t want to hurt Flu. Then bring me the solution. I mean, don’t just make a fuss, come up with a clear solution. You can’t just do your best.”
Rufist pointed to the table.
“Look at reality. What happened to Ymir’s Ultima, the only hope? Simultaneous events are also cut off. It means you couldn’t solve it. Because you couldn’t solve it, I’m trying to solve it.”
Sirone bit her molars.
“You have two choices. Either create something more here or give up. Flu will be fine for now. I’ll give you a day’s time.” Sirone turned around without answering.
After he left and the door closed, Lufist collapsed on a chair, his legs weak.
“Whoa.”
The albino finally opened his mouth.
“I was excited, unlike you. I’m talking about the kid. Are there any ways to coax you?”
“Because I am not a child.”
Rufist knocked on the desk.
“I never know. He is the one who directly experienced the entire history of mankind through Omega. You probably know more about human nature than I do.”
“Hmm.”
“Nevertheless, I am willing to fight for humanity. That contradiction creates conflict. It really makes me wonder if what he said is right.”
“It is not unique. The person who rises to the top of the world sacrifices everything, because it is something humans cannot do.”
“That’s right.”
So it’s even more regrettable.
“Of course, my thoughts do not change. If Tormia can become a leader country, they will do anything. the problem is… … It always asks the last question.”
“That’s a really embarrassing question.”
“yes. perhaps… …
Rufist looked out the window.
“The existence of Sirone is thought to be the last chance given to mankind.” Sirone, who came out of the meeting room, couldn’t move for a while with a dazed expression.
‘What else should I do here?’ Even if he mobilized all his abilities, the world seemed to be unmoving.
“Ah, sir… …
I wiped away the tears with my arms, but the sorrow did not go away.
‘why not?’
Couldn’t there be a way for everyone to be happy in this world?
‘There will be.’
Sirone moved on.
‘I don’t have time to be frustrated. Let’s think. More, more sacrifice, more responsibility… …
Hot tears wet his eyes.
Travis, who hid the amount of 1 million gold in his house, headed to his business.
“Hehe. Hehehe.”
The laughter didn’t stop.
‘I’m blooming my life now too. I can live without envying the nobility. Got it, you bastards?’
He could not forget the look on his wife’s face as if her heart had stopped the moment she opened the bag of gold coins.
My son ran wild and even promised to send me to school when I moved.
‘Yes, do it. I can do everything for you.’ Travis could not yet imagine how heavy the shackles were.
Entering the narrow street of Edia No. 2, I saw a scene of a brothel that was quiet during the day.
“Kyaaak!”
A woman’s scream.
“what?”
I didn’t pay attention to it because it was a common occurrence, but when I heard it again, it was my own business.
“okay! hit! If you have money, hit it!”
“Is that Candy’s voice?”
Realizing that the owner of the voice was Ace of his business, Travis quickly jumped out.
Upon entering the store, a man in his 30s who had been drunk since broad daylight was holding Candy by the hair.
“This crazy… … !”
Travis, whose eyes were filled with flesh, grabbed the thin man’s wrist and pulled him.
“Let go! Let go!”
The moment he knelt down, the palm of his hand, like a pot lid, mercilessly slapped the man on the cheek.
“Hey, you son of a bitch! Is this the Colosseum? Why are you beating people up? do you want to die?”
Candy pulled Trivis.
“brother! don’t do it! Then what if I go to prison again!”
“it’s okay. It’s enough to go.”
The man grabbed his sore wrist and shouted.
“What do you care about! We are in love! It was Candy who betrayed me!”
“Oh yeah?”
This time, when he raised his fist, not the palm of his hand, Candy hurriedly shoved the man away.
“Just go! I really die like this!”
An organization member who heard the commotion belatedly ran over and grabbed the man’s arms and pulled him out. When the situation was settled, Travis asked.
“hey. what is that child Is this really yours’?”
“no!”
Candy smoked a thin cigarette and let out a long puff of smoke.
“I am just a guest. They say he’s a fallen nobleman, but he was so pitiful that he gave me a credit.”
“credit? Haven’t you ever?”
“I took it out of my money. As the days go by, the alcohol gets worse, and now they are asking to get married.”
“Crazy.”
Travis looked around the alley and said.
“Hey, you have a problem too. What does it matter if that guy is screwed or not? care about your life.”
“Ah, okay. I hate to say more.”
Candy muttered, smoking a cigarette again.
“no way… … You wouldn’t commit suicide to that extent, would you?”
“ha.”
Actually, it’s not that I don’t understand.
How many opportunities would there be for a life working in a place like this to sympathize with someone?
‘Tsk tsk, sad things.’
Grabbing Candy’s cigarette, he gestured.
“Hey, everyone gather around.”
He pulled out a heavy bag at a gathering of saleswomen and gang members.
“Take it. Divide it evenly.”
The thump was unusual, but people thought it was a silver coin at best.
“what? Brother, what else are you doing?” The moment Candy opened her pocket, everyone present widened their eyes at her.
“Huh!”
What is the brilliant color of gold coins?
“Brother, what is this? It is a large gold coin!”
Candy quickly knocked over the bag and laid out all the gold coins on the table.
“How much is this? brother! Please explain.”
“Puhahaha! why are you surprised? By any chance, did you think that this baekgu would rot in a place like this for the rest of its life?”
“brother! Did you succeed?”
Since he had already seen the money, the reason was good.
“okay. We are also going to Yangji. Candy, you said you wanted to be a singer, right? sun! My brother will push you.”
“older brother! Congratulations!”
Travis’ neck stiffened as the gang members formally bowed their heads.
The white bear, who was always honest, also caught on in his ears, and the weasel, who was only thinking about stabbing him in the back, had his eyes burning.
No matter what, they were the only people who followed him for 20 years.
“brother! best!”
The women who suddenly made a lot of money rushed to Baek-gu and hugged him.
‘As expected, money is good.’
How could he be treated like this even if he only spent 1 percent of the money he received from Myron?
A hot fire burned in my chest.
‘It doesn’t stop here. Going higher, to the top of the sky
all.’
It was being grilled.

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-1134.txt
=============YYYYY=============
Colossal Adjustment (3)
Sirone looked sadly at her planet, which was moving farther and farther away.
‘It’s that small… …
Why can’t I integrate?
They fought desperately for humanity, but it seems they couldn’t save even a single life.
Ultima System.
Knowing what is right, acknowledging differences, and dreaming of a world where everyone is precious… … .
“Is that stupid?”
-If you are strong enough to protect the whole world, please listen to everyone.
Guffin’s words came to mind.
‘ sorry.’
I guess I’m not as strong as my father.
Tears flowed from the sadness of not knowing herself and the longing for Guffin.
Ikael watched it.
‘How hard is it?’ Unless she is a guffin, even she will not be able to fully embrace Yahweh’s heart.
As Sirone entered the room, wiping away tears, Ikael put his hand on Amy’s shoulder.
“Go.”
“but… … Do I deserve it?”
What can I say?
“Qualifications don’t matter. Please just stay by my side. That alone will be of great strength.”
Just like Guffin did to Ikael.
“yes.”
Encouraged, Amy walked to the door.
all.
“Sirone.”
Upon entering the room, Sirone, who had been sobbing, hurriedly stood up, covering her face.
“uh? huh.”
“What’s going on?”
To that planet that has now gone too far.
“No, nothing happened.”
I knew that Sirone would not tell me what happened in the same incident.
“Isn’t it very difficult?”
As Amy sat next to her and rubbed her back, Sirone dug into her arms.
Amy was surprised for a moment, but calmed down again when she saw Sirone’s trembling shoulders.
she asked in a whisper.
“What is it?”
“… … I think I’m ruining everything.”
Amy’s eyes turned red.
“The idea of saving everyone made it impossible to save even one person. It’s all a mess. Now I don’t even know what I’m fighting for Mr. Rufist is right. The world would be better than it is now without me.”
“it is not so.”
Amy stroked Sirone’s hair.
“It’s a little longer than others. I can’t see the end, so it just feels like I’m lost. But you are running straight. From the first time I met you… …
A timid boy who didn’t know the world.
“until now.”
Until you become Yahweh.
“I’ve never hated you.”
Amy laughed mischievously as Sirone, who stopped her tears, escaped from her arms.
“Yes, Ultima.”
Her fist hit Sirone in the chest.
She blinked, not knowing how to react, shyly averting her gaze.
“The reason people don’t understand you is probably because you can see your own destination. But not alone. No matter how far you go, there are people who will go with you to the end. Me, my friends, Ikael… …
“Amy.”
When Sirone began to cry again, Amy came closer and hugged her head-on.
“You weren’t wrong. I believe so.”
“??????huh.”
The tears hadn’t stopped yet, but now Sirone was able to move forward again.
The 230th floor of the Ivory Tower.
Taeseong, who was bound by Taegeuk’s power, looked at Singh with a cold expression.
“Thing, we… …
The moment Taeseong’s mouth opens.
“Kuk!”
Yin and Yang both frowned at the same time, and the power of Taegeuk began to collapse.
all.
‘why?’
The fate of Gemini is twisted due to the pyramids built around the world.
“Sing! The law is changing!” Yangji screams.
“Ahhh! done! Now the universe is doomed! It’s all over!”
The voice cried out.
As the restraining force weakened exponentially, Taeseong looked left and right and suddenly jumped out.
Ting shouted.
“stop!”
The ultimate fulfillment of the law.
The obsession that destroys probability has completely frozen the law at this moment.
“ha. ha.”
The yin and yang were out of breath.
‘I prevented Taegeuk from collapsing. But if it’s like this, even Sing-nim won’t be able to move.’
Taeseong, who was arrested again, made a painful expression.
“Sing, don’t do this.”
“You tried to kill me too.”
“no! I was just trying to help you! If Baal topples the ivory tower… … !”
“shut up. I don’t want to hear the words of illusion. I will judge, I will act.”
Taeseong cried.
“Why don’t you believe me? You know. This is me who has fought for humanity and to protect my children.”
Thing’s nose twisted.
“… … You can’t prove it.”
Proof that existence other than myself is not an illusion.
“In a situation where the fate of mankind is driven to the brink, it is not a matter of floating around. If we can’t prove this proposition, Cell Buster could destroy mankind.”
“I will stop you. I’ll convince Argones. You will definitely listen to me.”
“I told you to shut up!”
As the stubbornness grew stronger, Taeseong’s mouth hardened, and Singh’s body was also fixed to the world.
While Baal, the commander of the 1st corps, quickly reversed the tower, Sirone faced great resistance.
“damn! Why do you have to fight like this?”
“Oh Daesung! Give up!”
Upon reaching the 172nd floor, there were many residents who followed Singh’s philosophy.
“Catch it on this floor!”
Even ordinary residents were called the best intellect in other countries.
Above all, among the residents who pressured Sirone were the world’s 100 most dangerous people.
“Oh Daesung! I refute you with my death!”
“Keugh!”
An old man pulled out a dagger and tried to cut his throat, but Sirone charged.
He shouted as he snatched the dagger.
“stop it! Why are you doing this?”
A man in a suit stretched out his hand and shouted from the rooftop of a four-story square building.
“For the implementation of the truth!”
“Blick.”
One of the world’s 100 most dangerous people, there was a record of embezzling 13 trillion gold through financial fraud.
“Sirone, you are wrong. Why don’t you know that one single judgment of yours can destroy the entire human race?”
“no. I will protect you.”
Blick let out a sigh at the gaze that did not back down.
“I can’t help it. I respect you but… …
he pointed down.
“I will destroy it.”
When I looked where my fingers pointed, a woman was strangling her husband.
“no!”
Sirone teleported away and pushed her away, closing the iron door firmly.
Without even time to look back, I heard a thump as I checked to see if my husband was alive or dead.
The woman was banging her head against the wall.
“Yaaaa!”
Sirone rushed to the ground and grabbed her head with his chest.
“Keugh! please… … Stun it with the Miracle Stream.
“Stop it!”
At the same time as the woman collapsed with a thump, the lights in the building came on.
Sirone’s eyes, which looked ahead, shook in shock.
“this… …
There were residents in traps installed everywhere, and they were interlocked with complex machinery.
‘Where do I deal with it?’
He analyzed the organ with his unique insight, but it was so complex that he was bewildered.
‘No, more than that… …
More complicated was the design of the mind.
‘I can’t save them all.’
The basic mechanism is that when you save a villager on the left, the villager on the right dies.
‘In addition, men, women, old people and young people are distinguished, the intensity of pain, the type of death, and even the condition of the corpse… …
It was a trap with all the calculations to attack Sirone’s heart.
Just by looking at the device’s personality, you could tell who the designer was.
‘Fito. Decker. Magrasia.’
A masterpiece created by the world’s top 100 dangerous people, such as labyrinth designers, drug researchers, and cult leaders.
“We will tell you our will.” Imprisoned, Peto cut the rope with a knife, and a huge blade was directed at his throat.
“Keugh!”
Without even time to make a decision, Sirone rushed in and spread the Miracle Stream.
As the smoke of light grabbed the blade, the syringe from the barbed wire on the other side came down.
“Huh!”
A woman with a needle inserted into her wrist shuddered as the poison was injected.
Sirone thought while pulling out the needle.
‘If I pull this out… …
Seven bars catch fire, and three bars fall down the open floor.
“damn!”
The inhabitants of the Ivory Tower are those who see through the essence of Yahweh and use even their own lives as fuel.
‘Why so far… …
Their convictions struck Sirone’s spirit.
‘Am I really wrong?’
After extinguishing the iron bars that were on fire, he went back downstairs and caught the falling iron bars.
‘This is the only route.’
That’s how the calculations ended, but Blique’s design was brutally perfect.
‘I was tricked.’
It was designed like a problem that could be solved, but in fact it was a trap with no right answer.
As all the traps in the building were activated, the residents were driven to death.
The sight itself became a bullet and pierced his chest.
“ah?… ”
Everyone dies.
‘I’m ruining everything. Because of me, if it wasn’t for me, he wouldn’t have died… …
Perhaps the inhabitants of the Ivory Tower were able to destroy the spirit of Yahweh.
But at that moment, Amy’s words jumped out of space and struck her in the brain.
‘I’m not lost.’
It’s just that it’s so far away, and I feel like I’m lost because I can’t see the end.
“You are not wrong.”
Cirone’s eyes widened as she regained her shaky spirit, and the Hand of God was born.
And tens of thousands of small hands differentiated and manipulated all the devices of the trap.
‘How do you think of making something like this?’
No matter how you release it, it is double or triple connected, and you have no choice but to die in the end.
‘It has to be solved at the same time.’
Even a question without an answer can become an answer by itself when viewed from afar.
‘done!’
When the trap was disarmed, hundreds of pre-planted bombs hit the detonators simultaneously.
In the moment of a huge flame rising, Sirone integrated the Hand of God.
‘It doesn’t matter how far away it is.’
With a cause that overwhelms all professional leaders like that.
‘I run all the way.’ The moment the bomb exploded and the building shook, Blick gently closed his eyes.
‘This is the last one.’
The building exploded with a roar and a huge golden hand stretched out into the sky.
Blick, who opened his eyes to the warm energy felt from his back, realized the situation.
‘Wasn’t it shaken?’
After a while, the Hand of God put the villagers on the ground without exception.
Everyone was in a state of fainting, and Blick, the only one who was awake, approached Sirone.
“I lost.”
The one who succeeded was Sirone.
“It was an honor to be able to face Oh Dae-sung.”
Sirone opened her eyes and said.
“Don’t do this again.”
“I see. Because the conclusion has been made. Somehow, it seems that our strength is not enough.”
The moment Blick finished speaking, a piece of amulet flew under Sirone’s feet.
“Kuk!”
As I hurriedly threw my body, 1 square meter of the seat I was standing on melted into lava.
‘This???????’
It was a familiar skill.
“I’m sorry to meet you in this way, Oh Dae-sung.”
A man with an amulet all over his body waved the amulet between his index and middle fingers.
It was Heigang City, a 3-star resident of the Ministry of Law.

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-1135.txt
=============YYYYY=============
Colossal Adjustment (4)
Sirone’s expression became serious.
“Black River City.”
Except for the fact that he was a shaman from the Moon Kingdom, much of it was a person who was covered in a veil.
‘That amulet is tricky.’
It was difficult to block the method of carrying out the law with the power contained in a specific object with Hexa.
“Are you sure you want to stop me?” Unlike the villagers, if it was the star of the ivory tower, Sirone did not need to show mercy.
“You won’t know until you try.”
As soon as Heukangshi finished speaking, flashes of teleportation fell around Sirone.
‘Tanjura, Daeho.’
1-star stars and moons of the Ministry of Justice.
‘Borbor.’
Then, Borbor, a 2-star star in the balance department, landed with the back of Sirone suppressed.
‘A total of six stars.’
I was ahead in the number of stars, but even so, I didn’t think it was balanced.
“I could die.” The corners of the mouth twitched upward on the face of Hokgangsi, which was covered by the amulet.
“It is a very human word. Who do you think we are?”
In an ivory tower where even the residents risked their lives, life was more insignificant than belief.
A battle began as the residents who regained consciousness retreated to the outer wall of the tower.
The Miracle Stream surged up to the ceiling, and the stars and satellites changed their positions at the same time.
cried Supreme Court Justice Tanjura.
“300 years in prison for the crime of inciting trouble in the ivory tower ahead of the crisis of mankind! Ah, the crime of falling into the house and misjudging, imprisonment
273 years!”
As his ability ‘Judgment Statement’ was activated, a restraining force began to dwell in Sirone’s body.
Borbor shook his head.
“It’s no use.”
All the stars of the Ministry of Law deal with the law, but it was Yahweh that even Singh could not block.
‘Of course I know.’
Nevertheless, Tanjura continued to issue judgments.
“600 years in prison for ignoring the Supreme Court’s ruling and escaping! A sin of appeal without repentance! 987 years in prison!”
The more Sirone refused to pass the judgment, the more the weight of guilt in Tanju Ra’s judgment increased.
‘Someday I’ll get caught.’
The proof was that hundreds of amulets blown by Heukangshi were gradually biting Sirone’s tail.
“Add 800 years because you do not repent! Add another 800 years! Another 800 years added!”
After 20,000 years in prison, Sirone’s movements were finally restrained.
“execution.”
At the same time as Tanjura delivered the final verdict, his satellite Daeho drew his twin swords.
The ability of ‘Jakdu’, which is activated in the ‘imprisonment’ state, is equivalent to Lian’s Divine Transcendence.
‘it’s over.’
The moment the amulet clung to Sirone’s body and the sharp cutting power of the head bit the nape of her neck.
‘Hand skill!’
Sirone is gone.
“damn!”
If everyone is 100 percent sure, Sirone can fool their minds.
‘A double-edged sword. But it never fails.’
The problem of the heart was not something that could be corrected right away just because it was known.
“Dangerous!”
Borbor shouted, and a huge fist of light flew towards the ganglion.
‘I can’t stop it.’
Heukgangshi, crouching in the sky, burned all the amulets attached to his body.
The brilliance exploded, and through the Hand of God, Sirone felt an enormous shockwave.
‘Did you stop it?’
A long, thin breath was heard.
“Whoa.”
Heukangshi’s body, with all the amulets gone, was shining as bright as the sun.
“It’s been 20 years since I’ve seen this.”
“Baekgang City.”
Even though the talisman was gone, the magic of the Moon Kingdom was engraved on his body.
Tanjura brushed his beard.
‘Hokgangsi has no satellites. Because when the seal is broken, he becomes a different human being.’
According to Taeseong, Baekgang City was at the 4-star level.
‘Like the yin and yang, the sex brain, and Louver, they’re little different beings to be called humans.’
As if fuel evaporated, a haze shook Baekgangshi’s long, hard body.
“Yahweh, I am a being born as a weapon of the law in the kingdom of Moon. There are 88 spells dwelling in my body.”
Each one was truly the strongest spell.
‘It’s full of turmoil, that person too.’
The life he lived until he became a star in the ivory tower, treated as a non-human weapon.
‘Everyone has their own baggage.’
The stars of the Ivory Tower were impossible to convince because he had decided to shoulder them himself.
said Tanjura, flapping her fan.
“We are not ordinary citizens. You can kill it, but you can’t save it.”
Even so, it was unpleasant that Sirone was acquitted.
‘It’s the skill of the hand. It’s really creepy.’ The victim may feel cheated, but in reality, that is the reality.
‘As it stands, the judgment is useless. To block Yahweh, you must first break the heart.’
Borbor, who made the same judgment, said to Mika, who was dwelling in his body.
‘Scan the five great castles.’ When Mika, an electromagnetic creature, scans Yahweh for information, she will imitate him.
– This is a risky tactic. Yahweh’s feelings are predicted to be of a kind not in the database.
‘It’s the only way.’
Once mimicking the mind, Borvor can change the opponent’s emotions at will.
‘It leads to a sense of shame and destroys the mind.’
As the satellite Mika electrified, the Miracle Stream twisted like a snake.
‘Did you react?’
– I think you’ll be faster than me. He thought he knew Sirone, but meeting him as an enemy was a different level of difficulty.
“Oh Daesung.”
Baek Kang-shi’s body burned like steam.
“It is an honor to know.”
The body, which accumulated all kinds of magic, became a talisman and flooded Sirone.
‘The Power of Power.’
As the fist with the swirl pattern struck the ground, an explosion shook the floor.
Sirone’s skin was tingling.
‘It’s not easy either.’
As Tanjura’s verdict restrained his body, he could feel Borbor’s gaze.
‘I don’t want to kill you.’
Aren’t they still fighting for humanity?
“… … Stop now.”
“It’s great too. Relaxing in front of the stars of the ivory tower.”
Baek Kang-shi did not stop.
“But we can’t.”
The hieroglyphs engraved on his abdomen began to contort into his muscles.
‘Three thousand worlds.’
The abdomen burst open, and rainbow-colored fragments rotated as if looking through a kaleidoscope.
‘Buddha?’
Sirone, who came up with a sermon from each color, defended it with the Hand of God.
“Opening.”
The release of a huge energy wave scratched the surface of Hexa and pierced the walls of the Ivory Tower.
“Big!”
It was probably the essence of the human talisman called Baegangshi, which could not be used twice.
‘Something like that… … To spend it on people, not the world.
“You fools!”
Tanjura’s judgment broke through 20,000 years again, and Borbor hugged Sirone.
‘Mika.’
A fleeting moment when a spark arises.
-Scan complete.
Following the dry voice, Borbor’s mind accepted Yahweh’s feelings as they were.
‘This is the end.’
In the mental space where Pia disappeared, Sirone and Borbor faced each other.
Tears welled up in her left eye.
“……uh?”
It was so huge that emotions that I couldn’t feel at first covered my entire body.
Ah ah ah ah ah!
In the world of the spirit, tears flooded and filled her space.
-shock! Shock! Cessation cut off… …
In the storm of emotions that even Mika’s voice was buried, Borbor realized.
‘I can’t even imitate it.’
She wouldn’t be able to handle even a part of the misery that Sirone felt.
‘How can I hold on?’
No, why do you have to go this far?
‘It’s so unfair. One human… … It’s a world that has to go this far.’
The resentment broke through the limit and penetrated my mind, and I finally lost my consciousness.
“Borbor!”
While the other stars watched, Shirone hugged Borbor and shouted.
“Wake!”
An electric current ran through her body, and her closed eyelids slowly lifted.
‘Mika??????
– Completed defibrillation. but soon dies Your heart has already been destroyed.
Like a rubber band that has lost its elasticity, her spirit could no longer dwell in reality.
“… … Oh Dae-sung.”
Borbor opened his mouth.
“I’m sorry.”
Thing couldn’t be persuaded.
No matter what Borbor says, it’s because from Sing’s point of view, it’s false information.
‘It’s not different from me. Knowing humans best, yet not trusting humans.’
But Sirone was different.
‘It doesn’t matter if it’s real or fake.’
Even if it’s an illusion, it would be beautiful if it were a world where such feelings could dwell.
“Please send five stars.”
Of course the stars of the ivory tower won’t change their minds with just a few words.
“please.”
Borbor showed his expression for the first time.
It felt like that.
“joy.”
When Borbor died, amulets flew from all sides and sealed Baek Kang-shi’s body.
“Oh Dae-seong, it is not that you have changed your mind. It is the sadness of losing a big star.”
All the stars of the ivory tower loved her.
“Borbor is… …
The life that Syrone knew as Omega lasted until the age of four, but that was enough.
“He was a man of great courage.” – Your heart has stopped. While her blood flow was cut off and brain death progressed, Mika spoke to Bor Bor.
‘okay. Biologically already dead. You too get out of my body now. Thank you for that time.’
Mika seemed lost in thought.
-I will stay here.
‘I can’t think of any more. If you stay here, it’s the same as if you die.’
-is it so. I bet it is.
Since Mika had no feelings for her, Borbor felt puzzled by the satellite’s words.
-It’s a calculation that parasitizing on your silence is much more constructive than parasitizing on someone else’s mind.
‘Whoops, yes.’
With Mika, I wondered if death would be like falling into a long sleep.
‘When I open my eyes again… …
A kaleidoscope passed by.
Borbor, born in Moray Market, was abused by his stepfather at the age of three.
By the time I left home at the age of 17, my father had changed three times, and they were all terrible people.
All she did while her mother was selling was sitting on the market floor.
“Oh, there’s a kink over there. Hey, break it!”
At the age of 12, she had grown tall without even having time to gain weight, and was teased by her peers.
“Hey, you! I’ll give you money if you play with us. shall we go together?”
Public security was also a mess, and traffickers often talked to me in broad daylight.
“I’ll treat you well. Let’s go together.” Whenever that happens, Borbor just observes the distance with his slender body crouched.
‘It’s not scary.’
The scariest thing is at home.
In a bad way, she became a market specialty and became a spectacle.
“ah.”
Then one day, I suddenly realized.
‘It’s not looking at me.’
The fact that there is no difference between people watching you and yourself watching people.
“… … Borbor.”
Looking at the cold Borbor with sad eyes, Sirone grabbed her hand.
‘Please rest in peace.’
At that moment, I felt a thrilling current through my fingertips, and a voice spread in my head.
-I have something important to tell you.
‘Mika?’

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-1136.txt
=============YYYYY=============
Colossal Adjustment (5)
When Sirone asked, the dry voice began to sound like an auditory hallucination again.
– That’s what Borbor called. But my real name is not Mika.
‘then?’
-I am Borbor.
Sirone’s brow wrinkled.
-Of course, the body that died a while ago is also Borbor. I am her analytical mind.
‘He made you himself?’
-yes. The extreme stress placed on her brain waves caused me to separate.
Twelve-year-old Borbor was also aware while watching the people on the street.
‘They’re not looking at me. You are seeing yourself looking at me.’
The border between Pia and Pia collapsed, and from then on, Borbor stopped observing people.
Her gaze turned inward to herself.
-The realization of that day helped Borbor in his life. Because she was able to look into herself and understand all human attributes.
‘To know myself is to know a human being. It is only possible with long thought and deep insight.’
– But life was not happy. Still, she was weak, and she had to watch her work-weary mother and her father’s constant violence.
“alcohol! hey! Bring a drink!”
Borbor could only get some money if her mother was in a good mood.
It wasn’t particularly difficult because he had an eye for penetrating other people’s emotions… … .
“Such an incomprehensible thing!”
The verbal abuse and violence inflicted on him every day gradually made Borbor’s heart ail.
‘Human hatred.’
Even my stepfather’s tendencies are in me, so hatred for humans is hatred for myself.
“These beggar families!”
A mother who collapsed with blood and a broken wine bottle. Borbor was brutally beaten that day.
“die! die!”
As his consciousness gradually faded, the stepfather’s face suddenly turned pale.
“you… … who is this?”
Feeling as if he were the person on the floor, he was overcome with unknown fear.
“well. Who am I?”
“Ah, such a crazy kid…
Borbor pulled his stepfather, who was trying to escape, with both arms and whispered in his ear.
The feeling of being conveyed through someone else’s mouth that I couldn’t bear to say out of my mouth.
“Black! Whoops!”
And when morning came, he hung himself by hanging a rope from the ceiling.
The mother came to her senses and drank without saying anything, while Borbor huddled in a corner and thought.
‘He killed a man. No, am I the one who died?’
In a state where Pia’s vigilance had collapsed, her spirit was rapidly dying.
And then.
-hello? nice to meet you?
A spark ignited in her brain and she began to see bluish electricity in front of her eyes.
Borbor asked.
“Who are you?”
Mother turned her head away, but frowned for a moment, then lost interest.
-well? What is it? hello?
Borbor smiled broadly.
“Mika.”
Sirone nodded.
‘It’s said that he made you and escaped right before the boundary of Pia collapsed.’
-yes. Actually I am a very weak electrical signal. Born from Borbor’s brain.
‘But why are you telling me this?’
Mika said the main point.
-Borbor respected you for sacrificing for humanity. Always wanted to help.
‘ okay??????
Sirone cried.
-The main body died, but I remained. maybe i can help you
‘huh?’
-I don’t know how this electrical signal is defined in reality, but it must be a very peculiar phenomenon. Now I will permeate the world again and return to my original state, but I know I can come back.
‘Hmm.’
The electricity that sees the whole world
If you exist as an entity beyond appearances -don’t worry. I will not dwell on anyone but Borbor. Existence doesn’t mean much to me. i just want to help you
‘What do you think?’
– The moment will come when you will need me. Borbor did it, so it must be right. Of course, it would have been better if she had done it herself, but that’s impossible now. It may be an illusion, but Mika looked sad.
-If you need my help, please call me Mika. It will respond to your voice.
‘but… … You are Borbor.’ I thought maybe I could feel the life of Borbor through Mika.
-I like the name Mika.
After reading a long aftertaste from the short answer, Sirone decided to follow her words.
‘okay. okay.’
When the electric current in her fingertips disappeared, Sirone stood up and looked around.
The stars were invisible and a cold wind was blowing through the hole made by the three thousand worlds.
“My name is Mika.”
Suddenly, a weak current passed through his body.
-yes. did you call
Sirone blinked and cleared his throat.
‘No, I was just muttering. sorry. We just broke up, so it’s very embarrassing.’
-are you okay. Borbor was a human being, but I, who have already been assimilated into the world, have no concept of time. To tell you a few things, Baal has risen to the 76th floor. Above other ivory tower stars
striking…….
Mika relayed key information about what was happening inside the Ivory Tower through brain waves.
‘This… … It’s really amazing.’
Borbor’s Legacy Mika was able to process all the information in the world at the same time.
– Call me again if needed.
The electric current flowing through his body disappeared, indicating that Mika had left again.
After savoring the feeling for a while, Sirone looked up at the ceiling and murmured.
“Portrait.”
When I was in magic school, I remembered a story I had with my friends at the supernatural and psychic science research club.
‘Only at the end of the world… …
A bitter smile formed on Sirone’s lips.
“I still found it, Nade.”
A forest outside the Holy See.
Sirone’s party and Eden watched a terrible ceremony at the town hall.
Seina felt indignant at the fact that one of them was Maximus whom she respected.
‘Selling your soul to Satan!’ However, the holy eye was not activated, and the holy sword Astacia did not shine right now.
‘okay??????
Seina became sullen.
‘I don’t deserve to punish evil. From the beginning, my faith was fake.’
Eden looked at her and said.
“Let’s move our seats. Talking in the middle of enemy lines is also uneasy.”
Sirone and the others, who hid themselves on the outskirts of the village, sat in a circle in the shade.
“Eden, how did you get here?”
“The Harvits assassination failed, and I was lost. So I went to see Master.”
A blue light flashed in her eyes.
“Saint. I’ve been chasing the evil energy with these eyes. There is great evil here.”
Seina was surprised.
“how?”
Does that mean that Yora can have the castle that only a paladin from Lamica can open?
“This is nonsense! It is Lamigyo who believes in Krea! There are no gods in Jordan.”
Eden said.
“Because fighting evil is the same. But it’s the wrong way. In Lamie religion, it is said that the messenger of God needs three things. A holy weapon, a holy power, a disciplined organization.” “But you must have seen it on your way here. It’s twisted because you’re only obsessed with what you see. Paladins have been brainwashed, and heretic judges torture themselves in order to torture others.”
“Don’t make decisions based on parts alone. It is true that they made mistakes, but it is a church that has defeated evil for many years.”
“Then one day Satanism infiltrated Lamieism.”
Eden ignored it and continued.
“Of course, it’s not that I don’t understand. Even the most clergy could not be free from emotional illness. No, it must have been more difficult because there were many things to protect. The demons came in looking for that gap in your heart.”
Seina bit her lip.
“It’s not just here. Even among the cardinals of each country, there are many people who have fallen for Satanism. Lamie religion is the world’s largest religion, so how many people believe in Satanism under it? Soon the whole world… …
“stop!”
Seina shouted.
“Is the world’s biggest religion wrong? Then what about Jordan? There must be people among the Jorah who have fallen for Satanism.”
“No, there is no such yorah.”
“lie! Do you think I would believe that?”
“Because from the moment I fell for Satanism, I was no longer Jorah. then you tell me Are the priests over there now still priests to you?” Seina couldn’t speak.
“You understand now? what is visible. Position, rank, purity, and divine power. Of course, it takes noble conviction to obtain it, but that in itself is no measure of goodness. Rather, evil takes advantage of that rigidity.”
Eden was once like that.
“The voice of Satan’s heart I heard was terrible, but it was by no means rare or special. rather… … The most human, the deepest resonance.”
“I know.”
Seina honestly admitted.
“I became a paladin and defeated evil. But the more I did, the more unknown it became. What is a line? I thought that harming the evil or cutting the demons was good… …
Both hands were stained with blood.
“The founder of Yogurism, the first Jorah, said this. The power of good is not the ability to eliminate evil, but the ability to change evil to good. Therefore, that power can never be in the form of destroying something, and can only be achieved through self-sacrifice.”
“sacrifice??????
Eden made a sullen face.
“Actually, this is what I also heard from Master. Of course, it’s still hard to understand everything and even hard to imitate, but it’s the foundation of my strength. You feel the power of good. You will definitely be able to regain your divine power.”
Seina smiled.
Although he was comforted by Jorah of another church, he now realized something.
‘What you see is not important.’ it’s mind
“Oh, and.”
Eden turned to Sirone.
“I knew you would be here. The reason why I was sent to the Holy See is because I have something to say. This is what 300 Yorahs gathered and discussed.
“But I thought to make a religion “I know. But Yor doesn’t discriminate between sects. so i can help Only those who stand up alone can love the whole world, this is the teaching of the first Jorah.”
Iruki said.
“There is a corner that resembles Sirone.”
Eden hesitated for a moment before opening his mouth.
“After hearing the tradition, I had the same thought. have a lot in common Practicing love and philanthropy. A mindset that places more importance on the invisible.”
Seina asked.
“Then has he also ascended to the realm of Yahweh?”
“no. According to tradition, he didn’t even have divine power. He didn’t have any special powers to fight evil.”
“But since I defeated countless powerful evils, isn’t it handed down to this age?”
“It wasn’t described precisely, but when I heard about the previous win, just one thing popped into my mind.”
Eden looked back at Sirone.
“Demon sword Armand.”
“huh?”
“The object you carried. I think the first owner of that sword was probably the 1st Yoh.”
“Armand… … I remembered the face of a woman who, when asked who she was, replied that she was sharpening a knife.

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-1137.txt
=============YYYYY=============
Key keyword(1)
Uorin got up from the rug, gulped down a glass of cold water, and sat down at the table.
Kido approached her as she pressed her temples and was lost in thought.
“Are you okay now?”
Suddenly realizing Kido’s presence, Uorin turned her head and waved her hand.
” get out.”
Kido frowned.
“That’s right, you speak really nicely.” Can’t even say thank you to a friend who ran to the crisis situation in a month.
‘I’m sure they’re friends.’
At least that much, I thought.
“it’s okay. take care of it.”
Seeing him coldly turn around and head outside, Uorin made a displeased expression.
“Kid too.”
When he turned around, she had a friendly eye smile.
“Thank you for protecting me. Would you like some tea?”
The goblin’s lips pouted.
‘Anyway, lies… … He knew at least the heart of a person who endured a long time to meet Sirone.
‘Something like me wouldn’t even come into my eyes.’
Kido turned around again.
“I’ll go. I am the captain of Kashan’s guards. he has a lot to do Call me if anything happens.”
When the door closed like that, the expression disappeared from Uorin’s face as if it had never happened.
With a thump, her hand hit the table.
“Kayden.”
It was a key keyword for the future found through a combination of history search and future poetry. From now on, it was the realm of thinking.
‘The biggest factor with Cayden is the problem related to the prison break.’
At Arachne’s banquet, Cayden’s right hand almost made a big mistake.
‘Even when the law was twisted, he retained his initial inertia to attack Marcus. it’s a jailbreak. But why? How does he affect the future?’
Her thoughts raced fast.
‘of course… … It must be Maya.’
A famous singer from Tormia, only she can influence Caden’s heart.
“Hmm.”
Uorin crossed her legs and rested her chin.
“But why?”
you’re just a singer
‘Giant pyramids were built in each country. Humanity is steadily approaching destruction. But maya? The voice of a person in this situation… …
Uorin’s thoughts stopped.
“Ultima System.”
She became a human body through many generations, but at one time she was also Gaia.
‘Yeah, I can’t think of anything else. This is a problem related to the integrated mental system.’
The meaning of the keywords was analyzed, but that was all she could infer.
‘I don’t know the process. There are too many gaps in the logical context. This is nothing but a delusion.’
Uorin’s eyes glowed golden.
‘Future Poetry!’
The moment I endured the pain and checked the timeline again, the shock was so intense that my brain seemed to explode.
“Keugh!”
Due to the changes in the law led by the 12 signs of the zodiac, the time waves were vibrating like an earthquake.
In the end, she couldn’t bear the motion sickness caused by the overlapping of hundreds of incidents, so she blocked her ability.
“it’s annoying.”
In this state, it would be difficult to even find keywords, let alone predict the future.
‘Anyway, Maya. And Cayden.’
Where are the two of them and what are they doing now?
The ensemble room at the Delta headquarters.
The world’s most famous musicians gathered in one place to practice. Numerous emotions clashed in the preparation for the performance that would mark the finale of the temple.
As each of them was an entertainer representing their country, it was impossible not to have a competitive spirit.
said the gig manager.
“There will be full-scale rehearsals soon. Take a break for about 10 minutes.”
Artists who stopped practicing like knives confiscated their faces and scattered as if they had never done that.
“Whoa.”
When Maya relaxed and sighed, Reina came over and patted her shoulder.
“great job. He did well.”
“Reina sister.”
Among those from Tormia, only Maya and Ray were of such high level that they were selected for the finale performance.
“I thought I was going to die because it was difficult. Others are great. You never make a mistake.”
“Whoops, it’s not like that. Everyone is doing it desperately.”
Cayden brought water.
“Maya, drink this. Please take Reina too.”
Falmus, the head of Maya’s agency, couldn’t attend the temple, so Kayden volunteered to be the manager.
Maya returned the water cup and said.
“Thank you, Kayden. To be honest, it’s my first time playing an ensemble, so I’m really nervous, but I’m glad you’re here.”
“don’t worry. I don’t know much about music, but I liked your voice the most.”
As Maya’s cheeks slowly blushed, Reina, who was watching her, smiled.
‘Jeong is scary.’
Then I heard a voice from the sofa.
“Hey, you.”
The woman sitting proudly with her legs crossed was El Qiana, the world’s greatest singer.
“Bring me some water too.” Cayden met Rayna’s gaze and approached, pulling out a new cup from her bag.
“Ah yes.”
“for a moment.”
Maya stepped in front of Cayden and said.
“Kaden is my manager.”
“so?”
“Don’t you have to beg pardon to ask for a favor? And don’t talk nonsense.”
El Qiana’s eyebrows narrowed and the foreign artists watched with interest.
‘I thought he was gentle, but he’s poisonous. There aren’t many guys who have flesh left over from El Qiana.’
El Qiana looked around.
“Whoever the manager is, I’m not the real Manny anyway. We are preparing for the finale Diva performance right now, but is there any other male in this room besides him?”
“Kaden is not a hired man. He’s my friend, and he’s willing to help.”
El Qiana covered her mouth and laughed.
“To attract. do you know you don’t know? It would be obvious if you brought a man to a place like this.”
Maya didn’t lose either.
“What are you thinking? Cayden is just a friend! No relationship! ah… …
Maya hurriedly looked at Cayden, but he didn’t show it and smiled.
“Maya, we’re all performing together anyway. I can do water errands.”
“But he treats you carelessly.”
That’s true, but Cayden didn’t want to create any trouble here.
‘It’s a big deal if my right hand moves.’
Also, the biggest problem was the legal change that had happened to him a few hours ago.
‘It’s not quite right yet. However, if he swung the sword right now, he might not be able to exert the same power as before.
‘There’s no need to make enemies needlessly.’
With that thought in hand, El Qiana looked Kayden up and down.
“joy.”
Snatching the water bottle, she said.
“I know you are lucky. The people here, even the royal family, have to wait months before they can see it. And the water bottle I drank is destroyed in front of my eyes. What are you going to do with it… …
“Mr. El Qiana.” Just as Maya was about to argue again, the door opened and a man with a strict impression entered.
U Q”
Even El Qiana, the overwhelming celebrity, couldn’t hide her stern expression when she saw him.
‘Pannier? Is that person in charge?’ As the world’s best performance planner, it has produced numerous musicians, and El Qiana was one of them.
There was no one who didn’t know him on this floor, so the atmosphere in the practice room froze in an instant.
Panier, who slowly examined the faces of the entertainers, spoke in a cold voice.
“What are you doing? Aren’t you going to practice?”
‘It’s still the same.’
Those who had heard of Panier’s notoriety gathered on the stage without muttering.
The finale song started in such a tense atmosphere that even Reina took a moment to catch her breath.
There were 5 divas, and each voice with a different personality came together.
‘The duet part.’
El Qiana and Maya faced each other to decorate the climax of the song.
The eyes of the two women were very affectionate, as if they had never had an emotional fight. Raina analyzed objectively.
‘El Qiana. The sound is great. The emotional expression is the best, and above all, the voice is so outstanding.’
If there’s one area where Maya is better than El Qiana, it’s the level of subtle emotional expression.
‘Of course, Maya’s skills are excellent, but… …
None of the divas here were technically underpowered.
At the end of the song, like El Qiana’s monologue, a calm voice permeated the air.
Panier’s eyebrows twitched.
“Hmm.”
It was a qualitatively different performance from 10 minutes ago, but all the entertainers noticed him.
“Good job. You practiced a lot.”
“ha.”
El Qiana raised her eyes to the ceiling, and the others let out a sigh of relief.
‘We did a really good job.’
It was notorious because the standards were too strict, but it was not the personality to catch people.
“The flow is good. Let’s change the concept of some sections. I can feel the impact leaking out.”
Wearing nose glasses, he looked at the names written on the sheet music and compared their faces one by one.
“Um, mysterious Maya?”
“yes.”
“You did a good job of contrasting your emotions. The last part of El Qiana, I want to hear it with your voice too.”
“Wait!”
El Qiana raised her hand, as was her childhood habit.
“If you change that part, the role changes too. Doesn’t that change the interpretation of the song?”
“You can do that, what’s the problem? I will listen to it first and then make a decision.”
that’s why i feel bad
‘I admit that Maya’s emote is good. However, to the extent of experimenting while changing the interpretation… …
I didn’t think I was doing anything wrong.
“What did I do wrong? You’d better tell me. Then I will fix it.”
“El Qiana.”
Panier took off his nose glasses.
“Don’t be c*cky.”
Back in the days when she was taking lessons, she couldn’t lift a finger.
“Since you touch some money, you can’t see much, right? Do you think you became famous because you were great?”
His gaze scanned the entertainers.
“Society determines what skills are needed. In the old days, a person who was good at catching rabbits must have been a genius. But now? I am just a hunter.” “El Qiana, you told me. I want to be the most famous in the world.”
“… … yes.”
“If you’re still great and want to sing your own song, I’ll give you a chance now.”
El Qiana bowed her head and stepped back.
“no.”
“Why not?”
At Maya’s sudden question, Yein turned her head with a surprised expression.
Panier put on his glasses again.
“what?”
“I understand what Mr. Panier is saying, but you push yourself too hard. Actually, isn’t everyone working hard because they want to do their own art?”
El Qiana whispered.
“Hey, are you crazy?”
Rather criticizing the master who was trying to give him a once-in-a-lifetime chance.
‘What happened to your brain?’
Contrary to the worries of the artists, Panier looked at Maya with calm eyes.
‘It’s your own art… … ‘
It reminded me of a man who loved music and guitar, but was clumsy about life.
“I am disturbed.”
In the secret room in the Sector of the Kingdom of Kessia, Fermi confirmed Apocalypse’s information.
When the law changes, the contents of the artifact change, but there is still information that is the same.
Opening the triple-security box, Fermi took note of the contents of the memo.
4 also??????
A short phrase reflected on my retina.
‘This doesn’t change.’
After thinking about Sirone’s face for a while, Fermi shook her head and took a deep breath.
“Let’s work, work.”
Equipped with a magnifying glass, he took tweezers and put the scraps of paper on the desk together like a puzzle.
‘Cell Buster.’
One of the worst things that could happen in the future
one.
‘ yes’?’
The name is written next to the torn part
The folded paper fit almost perfectly.
‘This guy is one of the 7 Madou girls… …
guitar man.

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-1138.txt
=============YYYYY=============
Key keywords (2)
Panier was silent for a long time.
“Mr. Panier?”
When Rayna called, he finally got out of his thoughts and looked at Maya again.
“There was a guy playing guitar in the street. Pretty good for that. Oh no, you did very well. After watching him for several days, I was convinced. I will be this guy.”
Even at that time, Panier was a competent planner, and now he has even published an autobiography.
‘Who are you talking about?’
Even Yein, who memorized his biography, had never heard of a guitar player.
“I signed a contract and prepared for the performance. prepare, prepare But after all, she never had him on stage. What do you think is the reason?”
El Qiana said.
“Are your skills worse than you thought?”
“Of course it is. If your skills are low, you won’t be able to go on stage. But that skill, I don’t intend to defend it, but everything was fine except for not producing results.”
It was sad even thinking about it now.
“He was straightforward. I did radical music. Actually, no one likes that. He’s probably the most stubborn guy in the world. After a few falls, he thought he would come to his senses after tasting the bitter taste of defeat… …
Maya understood that person.
“I couldn’t.”
“I don’t want to criticize. As I said earlier, I guess this society didn’t need such a thing yet. Anyway, he failed. continue, continue… … Panier’s voice rose slightly. “Your own art. that’s the most dangerous It’s fun no matter what you do. because she wants it But the one who accepts it is different. If you have a different job, or you’re doing it as a hobby, but you’re not good at it, leave it to experts like us.”
I shouted in his ear over and over again.
“I cannot live alone. But he wouldn’t admit it. He believes that one day the world will recognize him and insists on it until the end. Even if life is devastated, even if it rots! I just grabbed my guitar and sang a song.”
Even thinking about it now, the outfit would explode.
“still… …
Panier, who recalled the time, looked back at the artists with a bitter smile.
“I don’t hate that kind of guy.” The atmosphere became somber.
“To be honest, I really like it. I wanted to float it anyway. I dreamed of him every day playing the guitar in front of a lot of people. A refreshing room for the world
A dream that blows away.”
It was the hottest time of my life.
“In the end, I guess I’m the same guy. They talk about compromise, but they want the real one to come and destroy everything. He is such a childish and pretentious artist.”
El Qiana asked cautiously.
“How is he now? Still as a street musician…?”
“I left. I didn’t give up, but his life was completely ruined. Because his daughter died of the disease.”
“ah?… ”
“It seems that it was not an incurable disease. No, shouldn’t we be talking about something like that? If you get help from me who collided musically, you must have thought that it would be a compromise and a defeat. It may sound crazy, but he’s that kind of guy. Even though… … It’s your own child.”
Panier, whose eyes were reddened, gritted his teeth.
“… … An asshole’.”
The reason he hadn’t revealed to anyone seemed to be contained in his distorted expression.
“It is your own art.”
Having calmed down, he asked Maya.
“Is that enough of an answer?” Maya expressed acceptance by lowering her gaze.
‘It’s a difficult problem.’
Human life is too colorful to say here that this should be done.
‘Who is that person?’
Maya just wanted to hear the performance of a man from Panier’s past.
Apocalypse.
After entering the Fairy Biomimetics building, Sirone and the others boarded the elevator.
The elevator, which had fallen underground, moved laterally again and guided them to the main system.
‘It takes a very long time.’
I could sense the fact that I had moved enough to get out of the city.
When the lift arrived, Marsha moved freely through the maze-like underground facility.
“This is it.”
When they opened the door to the special containment area, a huge mechanical eye was waiting for them.
“Digital La.”
The managers of High Gear were mesmerized by the wires running in all directions.
“What on earth do you need this kind of power for?”
Marsha explained.
“At first it was an energy circulation system. And now they have completely taken over the world.”
Lollipop Mark asked.
“Is this a programming error? Otherwise, there’s no way people would be treated like bugs.”
“no.”
Sirone said.
“There are no errors. Digital Ra performed its mission exactly as programmed.”
environment, to maintain this world.
“… … Errors are human?”
From the machine’s point of view, you might judge that, but they were human.
“Isn’t it working?”
Marsha tapped the Digital Ra’s lens with her hand.
“Is there anything else I can do? It covered the entire Apocalypse with Youcus.”
When I hit it with my foot, it made a tin can sound.
“Marsha.”
“are you okay. How much has this guy bothered me so far? Now, if you only inject Ice Blood… …
The lens lights up.
“OMG! what!”
The sound of power transmission was heard, and a huge vibration was felt from the ceiling.
the operator shouted.
“Daughter!”
The administrators all jumped in and opened Ankera’s code and started planting viruses.
“what? Did I wake you up?”
As Marsha panicked, Freeman put his hand on her shoulder.
“calm down. I’m not saying this because I was kicked. It’s reacting to what we’ve been told.”
Slime seeped from the ceiling and dripped down in thick drops like water.
Iron rice cakes and slime that fell to the ground swelled up and transformed into human form.
Freeman aimed the magic bullet.
“Muckus Man.”
When the incarnation of Digital Ra appeared, Sirone stood in the way of the party.
The Youcus Man said.
“How are you free?”
“That is what I want to ask. Why are you locking people up? What happened?”
“It has degenerated itself. On the ground, in the cracks in the walls, in the sewers, everywhere they were. I just brought those creatures together and provided them with a comfortable environment.”
“degeneration?”
Mucus Man looked at the manager of High Gear, but did not show any particular reaction.
“Man has failed to deal with his privilege. He struggled in pain and murdered his own people.”
‘Emotional disease.’
And to escape the pain of killing one’s own people meant surrendering to the doctrines of Satanism.
“You give names to individuals, but to me, humans are just a species. It is also a foolish species that devours its own body.”
He was a human being through the eyes of a machine.
“The servant, who had eaten it all and was emaciated, could find no more food to eat. The only way they could avoid suffering was not to eat.”
Reverse evolution into a creature without desire.
“That is the present human being. now they don’t do anything I don’t want anything.”
It was the end of the world led by Satanism.
“What about Mucus?”
Sirone asked.
“You covered this world with Youcus. Since humans have become like that, destroy you
There must be nothing to do?” Mucus Man seemed hesitant.
“The singing voice.”
“what?”
“The singing was so loud that I had to stop it. There was so much singing, it had to cover the planet. Thicker, thicker, thicker… …
Sirone did not understand.
“You can’t let it spread outside. the system is destroyed prison. You cannot escape.”
‘sound.’
A signal that can contain information and mind at the same time.
Interpreted in that respect, fear was felt in the current Mucus Man sound.
“I stopped. I locked them all up.”
Youcus leaked endlessly through the cracks in the underground facility and ate away at the floor.
Marsha winked at the managers.
‘not there yet?’
‘It’s much more complicated than I thought.’
Sirone could hear the breaths of the managers struggling with their teeth gritting.
‘I have to drag the time.’
Of course, the reason why Yucus Man didn’t move was because he was aiming for something.
“What are you going to do with us?”
“This planet is closed. No more changes. Since the existence that created me is gone, my existence has no meaning.”
Sirone recalled God’s point of view.
‘God’s effect is man’s cause. When our cause is gone, God’s effect is gone.’
In the same way, since humans are gone, there is no need for digital to exist.
“It’s over, human.”
The wall collapsed, and the amount of Yucus entering the room began to skyrocket exponentially.
‘damn!’
Perhaps all the mass piled up on the ground, the idea is to cover the core itself.
The Youkus Man said as he disappeared.
“there’s nothing.”
The wall collapsed with a louder sound than thunder, and all the yuchus on the ground were pushed back.
“Get behind me!”
Sirone blocked the manager’s way and spread the Miracle Stream in front.
“Huh billion!”
The moment I hit it with a thump, I felt a mass that was impossible to measure.
Watching the barrier of light being pushed back 50 centimeters per second, Marsha shouted harshly.
“Are you still far away?”
“I’m going in now! little bit more!”
The hologram window she checked showed a gauge bar that had just passed half way.
“too slow! Try pressing harder!”
“Without even knowing! I know what kind of syringe this is!”
67 percent, 70 percent… … .
As Sirone desperately pushed the Miracle Stream forward, Yucus was pushed back by about 1 meter.
Blood flowed from his nose as he felt a mass that made him lose his mind.
“Huh!”
In the end, Sirone, who couldn’t hold on, let out a breath, and at the same time, Yucus pushed all the way in.
91 percent, 94 percent… … .
“hurry! Daughter!”
Managers stomped their feet, but the gauge didn’t move at 94 percent.
‘why not? Is it a failure?’
Sirone cheered.
“Yaaaa!”
The Miracle Stream, which advanced lastly, disappeared, and Youcus came in like a tide.
On the slime surface, tens of thousands of Yucus Man faces protruded in relief.
‘Wrong!’
Just when everyone intuited the end, the gauge bar jumped from 94 percent to 100 percent.
“Hey hey hey!”
There was a noise that seemed like the eardrums would burst from the mouths of countless Mucus Men.
Shirone and the others covered their ears and turned away, only to open their eyes after a while.
“Huh! Huh!”
Marsha stomped on the butt, and Sirone saw Yucus frozen right in front of her.
“succeded.”
As Ice Blood spread from the core, Yucus all over the world were in awe.
The operator jumped up.
“Success! Well yes! There can be no errors in my program!”
“Live! He’s a genius too! good job!” Number Seven, who hugged her, jumped up and down and immediately regained her sanity.
“ah??????
As the two blushed and turned around, Marsha said with a smile.
“Yeah, good job. what happened to the last one? You thought you were going to die.”
Smile Mark said.
“Perhaps it was through the firewall. Anyway, the first operation was a success. however… …
Looking around, it was completely sealed with a stone-hardened Yucus.
“How do I get out of here? There would be no end to digging.”
“Is it finally my major?”
As Number Seven arrogantly raised its chin and approached, Sirone’s eyes lit up.
‘Ah, that’s right.’
He was the creator of all the boss creatures that inhabited the land, sea and air of High Gear.

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-1139.txt
=============YYYYY=============
Key keywords (3)
The home of Satanism.
The fact that the first Yora was the first owner of Armand was a shock to Sirone.
‘Armand. A unique carnivorous species among the Fire Tribe. I gladly accepted countless creatures.’
Before entering Ymir’s dream, Louver had spoken in the central somnambulism of Drimo.
‘On one occasion, he said he had taken an object out of his own will. That’s Armand.’
Strangest of all, there is no first Jorah and Armand in Omega’s records.
‘It’s not expungement. It’s not even o-parts.’
Hence Louver’s will.
‘If you use a dream engine, a non-physical engine, you can collapse the logic of reality. If they follow dream logic, it’s no wonder I don’t know… …
The question is, why?
‘Why did Mr. Louver break the manager’s rules and take Armand out to reality?’
Sirone asked.
“How does the legend of Yora come down? Armand, it must have been a long time ago.”
“Through dreams.”
Eden said.
“Not everyone has such dreams, but I have heard that some yora have strange dreams from time to time. If you collate their information, it becomes a clear story, and I’m guessing that it’s probably the first transmission.”
“Hmm.”
Sirone became more confident.
“It doesn’t seem like a dream you have just because you have deep discipline. We call this a former dream, but the cause of the manifestation is unknown. I’ve never even seen one before. That’s why I said I’m not sure.”
“I see. Because it is the cause of the manifestation… …
The simultaneous events in Ymir’s dream were blocked, so there was no way to immediately check.
said Nade.
“Now that you know the secret of the Holy See, let’s go back. If Seina-san makes a statement, we will gain credibility. It is to inform the world through a newspaper published by the Holy See.”
It was sure to affect the temple as well.
Seina shut her mouth.
‘You want me to accuse the Holy See?’
Of course, she also views Lamigyo critically, but the whistleblowing was a betrayal of a colleague.
Sirone said.
“I know it’s difficult. But if Seina-san doesn’t do it, no one else can.”
Yahweh’s words were not to be believed.
“Many people are falling for Satan’s temptations. They say that good priests are corrupting.”
Recalling the lascivious ritual of the high priest Maximus whom she admired, she closed her eyes tightly.
“okay. I will.”
Eden arose.
“Good. Then take Seina-san and go back.”
“What are you going to do?”
“I can’t just leave the stronghold of Satanism and go back. I will make the demons repent.”
There was no fear in Eden’s eyes as he watched the enemy lines alone.
Also, that was the absolute faith that Seina longed for.
‘Enmity, it’s not like war.’ It is life.
A life devoted entirely to one’s heart cannot be shaken.
said Iruki.
“Then do it together. Satanist leaders are catacombs. All of them are division commander-level demons.”
“You guys have work to do. If Seina-san stays here for a long time, it will be dangerous.”
He was the only person to publicize the corruption of the Holy See.
“It’s already too late.”
Hearing the sound from the rooftop, Sirone and the others took a fighting stance and retreated.
“Geuk, they’re like rats.”
A demon with red skin and erect ears sat squatting on the railing.
Dark King Gultan.
As a member of the Catacombs, an assassination organization of Yahweh, they were demons who had the ability to image art.
“I heard from Amy.”
As well as the physical characteristics, the burn scars that occupied half of the face were almost certain.
“I thought he was dead.”
“Oh, that woman.”
The moment he remembered Amy’s complete combustion, his wounds throbbed like crazy.
“Cheuk, expect it. After I kill you, I will cut her throat and go to her.”
Seina hesitated and stepped back.
‘It’s a great evil.’
Even if it wasn’t as much as Shiok, I felt a terrible demonic energy that can’t be seen in this world.
“Catacombs.”
Eden said.
“These are division commanders of the army of hell who were recruited from those who were more than 6.8 times more efficient in the Battle of the Great Yah. Currently, the succubus Miyo seems to have disappeared, but… …
After hearing the explanation, Seina swallowed.
all.
‘6.8 times?’
Gultan raised the corner of his mouth.
“Mr. Giyorgi was right. They said that if the cult of Satan grows, Yahweh will come personally.”
“Where is Gyorgi?” Sirone’s demon.
“Cheuk, okay?”
Gultan’s tongue came down long.
“Maybe in front of your grave?”
Blue lightning fell from the sky, and the place he was in exploded with a bang.
Nade clicked his tongue.
“damn! Running away is fast.” Gultan, which moved 30 meters with the ability to penetrate walls, raised the middle fingers of both hands.
“Because I can’t.”
An old man with a beard, a middle-aged woman, and a young boy gathered around him.
“They are members of the Catacombs.”
Then Elka, a preacher of Satanism, appeared with all the villagers.
“Ho-ho-ho! You’re caught, Yahweh. This is our home. You will never get out alive.”
The villagers, covered in blood, were all naked and blind.
“swimming… … lol… … Seina recognized the face of the person who was drooling next to Elka.
“Maximus.”
He was ranked third in the hierarchy of the Holy See, but now he has become a demon dog named El Cara.
“It’s nice, my puppy.”
As Elka’s hand rubbed against his body, Maximus trembled and stuck out his tongue.
“Heh! Heck!”
Of course, he was also looking at Seina.
“Gulp Gulp. Gulp Gulp.”
Tears flowed from Maximus’ eyes as he surrendered himself to pleasure.
“High Priest… …
It’s probably embarrassing enough to die
But, it can never be denied. because I like it so much.
“Knock-knock! look at their faces Don’t be too envious. You guys will soon be like this too.”
“Don’t make fun of human weakness, devil.”
Eden said.
“Let’s go, Sirone.”
The Miracle Stream turned into the Hand of God, and Sirone ran to the front.
Nade and Iruki followed, and Eden moved forward, deploying a shield at the rear.
“red.”
Elka whispered something in Maximus’ ear.
“Ahhh.”
Maximus, delighted by his imagination, suddenly screamed and charged.
“For Satan!”
The powerful divine power of the 3rd ranker has now blossomed into an extreme emotion, demonic energy.
‘It’s a big deal. All of them were priests at one time.’
Their gigantic demons merged and were absorbed by Marit, a member of the Catacombs.
“Haaaaa.”
Marit, a priest of Satanism.
“The emblem (magic statue).”
When the missionary Elka leads people to Satanism, she absorbs the demonic energy of the followers.
The absorbed demonic energy surged with red energy and transformed into a strange shape.
Even the cool-headed Iruki didn’t look good.
“What is that?”
I couldn’t understand it, but my instincts sensed that it was an extremely sexual form.
Nade was also confused.
‘It’s very erotic.’
It’s huge, slippery, disgusting and you can’t look away from it.
‘Magic.’
Sirone’s eyes lit up.
‘Why is it sexual?’
The reason why the form, which is merely a biological organ, has a symbolism representing the horse.
‘Good and evil separated from Ultima.’
It must have been the original sin given to humans after Mitochondrial Eve crossed the forbidden line.
‘It breaks.’
Hand of God’s huge fist rushed towards the emblem floating in the sky.
The old man with a beard moved.
“Clap.”
The elder of Satanism, Euphrates, converted the magic collected by Marit into power.
“The power of evil.”
The red energy emitted from the emblem collided with the Hand of God in the form of a fist.
“Keugh!”
Much more powerful than expected, it was a figure that could not be made with only the corrupted priests.
“Worldwide.”
Marit spread her arms and smiled.
“Satanism around the world.” The emblem became stronger, and the male and female forms drove the human spirit crazy.
“Mika.”
The moment Sirone exhaled, electricity flowed.
– yes.
‘How many members of Satanism?’
The sense of portrait conveyed information beyond time and space.
-Jive Kingdom 1,230,211 people. Tormia Kingdom 573,433 people. 2.03 million in the Iron Kingdom… … .
‘Tell me the total.’
?32,987,753 people.
The words followed immediately.
-7 people have been added. 32.98 million
7,760 people.
If 7 people were added worldwide in just 1 second, it was a tremendous speed.
Of course, since the total population is fixed, the initial rising curve will not continue… … .
‘It’s something I don’t know this time.’
emotional disease.
If we failed to respond to unprecedented diseases, mankind could miss the golden time.
Eden shouted.
“Repent, evil!”
As the divine power of Eden spread through the shield, the followers of Satanism began to suffer.
“iced coffee! Aaaaaa!”
Because he was a priest, his magic power was strong, but he could say that the possibility of repentance was high.
“Huh! my, i… … !”
A few awakened believers rushed into the catacombs with the rage of being taken advantage of.
“You wicked ones!”
“Tsk tsk, this is why it can’t be done. When to enjoy it to the fullest.”
Amidal, a member of the Catacombs, turned the boy’s small hand into a gun and aimed it at it.
“bread!”
Nothing went out, but a hole was punched in the forehead of the priest who was running in the lead.
“bread! bread! bread!”
Amidst the people collapsing, Amidal aimed all ten fingers.
Demonic powers, dreamers.
“Tutatata! Two tatata!”
It’s child’s play, but the phenomena he imagined were happening in reality.
“Ohhhh! Krea God!”
However, even death could not extinguish the anger of the priests who were harassed by the devil.
“what?”
As those purified by Eden rushed like bees, Amidal pulled out his dagger.
Grasp the scabbard and handle with both hands.
“A hundred cuts!”
When I pulled it out halfway and closed it again, sharp black air raged around me like a storm.
“Aaaaaaa!”
The dismembered ones fell to the ground, and Armidal spread his palms toward them.
“haha! Cannon fire!”
cancellation.
When the dreamer’s ability was lifted, Amidal turned his head away with a surprised expression.
White smoke rose in front of my eyes.
‘Detonation?’
pop!
He hurriedly turned his head, but half of his face was torn from the impact of the explosion.
“Kiyiyi!”
His pupils turned black, and as he looked at the crowd, revealing his fangs, Iruki stood there.
“Get over it for a while. Because I feel bad right now.”
‘What is this again?’
Disabling the devil’s ability was impossible with human logic.
“No need to be surprised. If Siok is a math problem, you were only at the level of arithmetic.”
Iruki’s thinking is based on the ancient weapon Ex-Machina.
“Oh, sir… … !”
Amidal’s face had veins.
Meanwhile, Gultan kept an eye on Sirone, who was struggling with the Emblem from the ground.
‘I only need to go in once.’
image art.
Being able to directly touch the human heart, he intended to twist Sirone’s feelings.
‘Yahweh’s realm will be destroyed even if it goes a little wrong.’
The moment the Hand of God and the power of evil collided again, he soared above the ground.
“Now!”
Gultan, who seized the back, stretched out his hand and quickly penetrated Sirone’s body.
“done! touched… … !”
I could see that the fingers that had returned after quantization were all swollen and crushed.
It was like trying to mold steel with your hands.
‘What is this… … ?’
I heard Sirone’s voice.
“The pyramid is missing.”
Gultan’s body flew away from the hand of God’s attack with the back of his hand.
“Cheak!”
Quantization was activated, but more than half of the impact was still in the body.
“Turn it off… …
As he put his crushed hand on his chest and groaned, Maximus’ voice was heard.
“Sena. my, i… …
Let him, who passed through Eden’s sacred shield, hold out his hand in tears.
“High Priestess.”
Seina also cried.

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-114.txt
=============YYYYY=============
[114] Report card at the end of the semester (6)
However, grades did not go up.
I heard that I had mastered the schema a month ago, but the pace of reinforcement was so slow that I doubted if it was true.
“No matter how bad I am, you won’t know until you try. Who knows that things will work out unexpectedly if you try?”
“Huhu, yes, that sounds like you.”
Tess had never seen Lian nervous. It was a strange feeling that Lian, who had the weakest ability, remained calm before an exam that could result in the amputation of limbs.
‘Well, it was like that then.’
It was during the probationary period that Tess got to know Lian.
Swordsmen are naturally fond of fighting. Since 300 such children gathered, the atmosphere was bloody from the first day. The instructors did not particularly interfere with the work in the barracks. Then, as expected, some wolves bared their teeth.
Sequencing was instantaneous.
Those who learned the schema were in the 1st group, those with strong physical abilities were in the 2nd group, and those who were not this or that were in the 3rd group. The problem was that the cadets were not even in the 3rd group. They were boys who had no interest in swords, but were pushed in by their parents’ annoyance.
Group 1’s leader, Richard Feiger, bullied the boys relentlessly. He has a savage temperament, and since he entered the military academy, which legally teaches the art of killing, he has been let loose.
Tess didn’t care. In terms of skills, 1 group or 10 or so women among the apprentices were free from competition for rank.
At the time, Lian’s rank was in the middle of Group 2.
At this level, he wasn’t in a position to be bullied, but Lian didn’t get along with anyone. There was one reason why he applied for swordsmanship school. Graduation doesn’t matter. He only had the idea that he had to somehow improve his skills and become a swordsman worthy of Shirone.
“Puhahaha! Hey, run! sooner!”
“Hee hee hee! Hee hee hee!”
One day, in the barracks, the first group of cadets rode on the backs of weak children and had a race. Every time I hit the buttocks of the boys playing the role of horses with a club, the horses neighed.
Some of the cadets frowned, but most of them were enthusiastic about cheering as if they were watching a real horse race. It was a small but real money race. Besides, if you showed dislike, you could become the person who crawls under them.
“Faster! win! win!”
Piger, who runs the lead, was excited. He was a man who did his best in any race, no matter how jokingly, befitting his personality that did not tolerate defeat in any job. As the finish line came into view, the sticking intensified. The cadet who became a racehorse had to crawl until his knees were bleeding with tears in his eyes.
“Hee hee hee! Hee hee!”
“Oh yea! I’m number 1… … !”
As he was about to cross the finish line, a blurry afterimage appeared in Piger’s eyes. Then, a strong shock hit the back of his nose.
“Aww!”
Unknowingly, the kicked Pyger fell off the racehorse’s back. In the meantime, the latecomers crossed the finish line one after another.
“Do it in moderation. Is this your playground?”
Pyger held his throbbing nose and glared at the blue-haired boy.
“You child… … !”
August Lian.
As far as Pyger knew, even in the 2nd group, their skills were mediocre. His pride was hurt when he realized that he had been hit by someone he hadn’t even mastered the schema for.
“What are you? do you want to die?”
Ryan didn’t answer. His reserved nature did not change even after entering the swordsmanship school. He doesn’t make up any words if he has nothing to say.
“Look at this kid… … .”
Pyger stood up revealing his will to live. It was an immediate situation, but none of the cadets, stricken with fear, stepped forward.
Of course, there were those who did not feel the need. Tess was one of those people.
This was a swordsmanship school. Nothing will change if you stand up for the weak in a group to learn war skills. In the end, the situation would be sorted out according to the order of power.
“Hey, isn’t that Lian? I ended up having an accident.”
Tess looked back. She had a female cadet like her, but a girl a head taller than the boys, perched like her wall.
“Do you know that child’s name? It doesn’t look very strong.”
“Weak. But stubborn. The other day, group 2 kids got together and collected some money. It’s Piger’s birthday. But the only person who didn’t pay was Lian.”
“Aha, is that why it was filmed?”
“I must have waited. But she was honestly surprised. I thought he had a quiet personality, but he is surprisingly hot-tempered.”
“Hmm… … .”
Only then did Tess take a closer look at Lian. He still kept his mouth shut, but he didn’t seem to want to back down either.
‘I have a kid like that. Certainly the kingdom is large.’
The excitement ended there. Due to the influence of her father, the commander of her occupied territory, she grew up watching a lot of geeks from her childhood.
No matter how much I believed in it, if the sword wasn’t strong, it was the bottom line that it would break.
“Quack. Has this kid gone dumb? It’s too late to regret it Surely you didn’t want to buy it after doing something like this, did you?”
“Let’s go outside. If the instructor knows, it’s not good for the evaluation.”
Pyger was not amused. He should have begged for his life right now, but rather avoided the instructor’s eyes and said that he should fight.
“Come on, don’t do as you wish. Follow me. All the others follow. I’ll show you what happens if you attack me.”
Pyger took Lian to the vacant lot behind the building. Groups 1 to 3 were located behind Piger, and the only ones standing on Lian’s side were the children outside the group.
But they had already lost their will to fight. No, I didn’t come here with the intention of fighting from the beginning. It’s just that I didn’t belong to the group of pigers. In my heart, I resented Lian for making things this far.
“Hey, those who don’t want to be beaten, come over here.”
Pyger handed over the indulgences. The cadets didn’t even worry. I passed Ryan’s side and rushed to the other side.
“Puhahaha! pitiful things. Hey Lian. What are you going to do now? Everyone has run away and only you are left.”
“To rely on numbers. From the start, the buds are yellow.”
“What is it?”
“If you have no choice but to fight, fighting is a knight. You don’t even deserve to be a knight.”
Pyger snorted. Anyway, when war breaks out, it is a knight to bite and tear each other like dogs. Chivalry was nothing more than a wrapper for those who survived it to exalt themselves.
“Okay, let’s see if your fist is as strong as your muzzle. Let me face you directly. You’d better not be at ease. If I do it alone, it means I will kill you.”
Ryan raised his fist and took a fighting stance. On the other hand, Piger walked slowly as if he were taking a walk.
“I’ll give you one shot. Hit it first.”
When Pyger flicked his fingers, Lian threw a fist. At that moment, Piger, who avoided the attack, struck Lian in the abdomen.
“Ouch!”
Lian’s eyes widened in pain from the tearing of her stomach. It felt like a heavy rock had been pushed into my stomach. Is this a schema-enhanced fist?
“You fool. Why am I hitting you?”
Although it was a fighter mocking Lian, it was surprising that he couldn’t finish it in one blow. he was too careless He thought about that, and this time, he poured out a series of hits with all his heart.
Ryan was on the verge of embarrassment. It was a bare-handed confrontation, but the schema itself was a murder weapon. It was as if he had been beaten up by a heavy-duty soldier.
Lian’s legs lifted off the ground as Pyger’s fists sank into his stomach.
When he landed again, even the toughest Lian couldn’t stand. Bent at the knees, Lian’s body plummeted toward the ground.
‘Well then… … .’
Pyger sneered at Lian. At that moment, Lian jumped out like an arrow and burrowed into her arms.
‘what? Are you still holding out?’
Pieger was perplexed. Lian couldn’t master the schema. He could also tell by the feel of his fist that he was in the right place. Unless he defended himself with a schema, he should have already lost his mind.
Lian focused on attacking Piger’s ship. If you glared at his face, he would easily dodge. However, if you cover the opponent’s view with a wide back and attack from below, even a fighter cannot hastily counterattack.
The operation was major and the Piger retreated one after another. His stomach throbbed with each punch.
‘What is this bastard?’
From the point of view of Piger, it was worth winning. It was a disgraceful thing to have a melee with a guy who couldn’t even handle the schema.
“What a son of a bitch!”
Piger let go of the string of reason. Grabbing Ryan’s shoulder and pushing him away, he wrung his fists frantically. A dull sound of blows echoed through the clearing. The cadets watched the one-sided beating with pale faces.
When Piger came to his senses, Lian was crumpled like a rag. But she still didn’t faint. Her Pygear’s eyes caught fire as her Rihanna’s fingers wiggled.
“Aaaaaa! it’s annoying!”
Pyger’s kick bombarded Lian. Finally realizing the seriousness of the situation, the children of Group 1 came running.
“Hey, stop! You really die like this!”
“Let go! I will kill you! Die, you bastard!”
Ryan’s reaction gradually slowed down and finally stopped moving. Pyger looked around him. Seeing the horror on the cadets’ faces relieved them a little.
“Listen straight up! If you open up to me, this is what happens! Hey, get the rope!”
Rian was completely stripped, leaving only her bottoms. There were bruises all over her hard, muscular body. Feiger thought he should set an example here and hung the roped Lian from a tall tree.
Blood dripped from Lian’s face, bent like a shrimp.
“Puhahaha! Are you a worm on a fishing pole? So why are you messing around without knowing the subject?”
“Quack. Oh, I’m really embarrassed. I pretended to be unlucky and I was caught properly.”
Words of ridicule poured out from here and there. It was as if the war had been won.
Tess frowned. No matter how weak he is, he gives such shame to people.
Besides, there were also women of the same age in this place. What is Ryan thinking right now? No, how much did she get her heart broken?
“eww… … .”
Ryan came to his senses. He didn’t lose consciousness, but he wasn’t sane either. Many cadets were giggling. It was like watching monkeys in a zoo.
Tess met Lian’s eyes. She tried to put on a calm expression. Even sympathy would hurt in his current condition. However, Lian broke expectations and winked with a smile.
“Ah, sorry about this. There are ladies too.”
Tess still maintained her nonchalant expression, but a strange chemical reaction was taking place inside her.
“Puhaha! What are you talking about now? Even in this situation, you are bluffing. Weren’t you just stupid?”
“Yaya! Be honest. What do you think you’ll look like if you pretend to be proud of a subject that’s beaten to death? You are so funny right now.”
“Are you embarrassed? embarrassing? What’s that like in front of women? I’d rather bite my tongue and die.”
Lian looked down at the cadets. His eyes remained calm despite the many mockery.
“are you okay. Even if it’s embarrassing.”
“Puhaha! Well, guys like you should live like that for the rest of their lives. Or are you a pervert? Are you enjoying yourself right now?”
Ryan said calmly.
“Because you’ll soon forget.”
Silence has arrived. An unknown and anxious aura dominated the silence.
“I fought to the best of my ability, so I am not ashamed. As time goes by, I don’t even know if there was a day like today. by the way… … Can you guys really forget?”
No answer came back. Their hearts were all beating fast.
“The images of you guys who rolled up their tails without even fighting will probably follow you for the rest of your life. and you’ll regret it If I had fought then, if I had stood up then. But you know what? That you can’t turn back time.”
The cadets’ faces trembled. It was a different form of fear from Piger’s violence.
—————————————

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-1140.txt
=============YYYYY=============
Key keywords (4)
On the other hand, there were those who still did not repent even after being stung by the divine power of Eden.
“Geuuuu, I hate it. I don’t want to go back.”
Eden said.
“Foolish soul, why don’t you know that the end of the fall is nothing but nothing?”
“Aww! Leave me alone!” Should I say pain?
It occurred to me that I would rather die than live as celibate as before.
‘Satanism. It’s really boring. You can corrupt a person’s mind to this point.’
the priests shouted.
“I want to have more fun!”
Even the brain that was soaked in pleasure regained its reason to the extreme at the moment it was cornered.
‘I have to kill that woman.’
They suddenly changed their expressions and held out their hands with sorrowful tears in their eyes.
“Ah, I’m sorry, my God.” shouted Nade.
“Eden! Don’t be fooled! Turn your defenses into physical force!”
She too had doubts, but could not push away the penitents.
“I was foolish. So please die, motherF*cker.
An eerie feeling of not being able to distinguish between good and evil coldly touched the nape of Eden’s neck.
Nade blocked the way.
“I’ll do it!”
Before Eden could dry up, thunder rumbled and huge electricity billowed into the sky.
– These stupid guys!
As the incarnation of the God of Thunder screamed, the pale priests stepped back.
However, the brain, which only craved pleasure, whipped the body beyond the fear of death.
“Aaaaaaa!”
Unlike the priests who rushed into despair, Nade’s emotions became cold.
“The Lightning of Truth and Lies.”
The incarnation of the God of Thunder scattered into electrons and permeated the air at the speed of light.
“Keugh!”
The priests stopped walking at the unpleasant feeling of their skin trembling.
Nade held out his hand.
“Those who do not repent, do not approach. If you disobey my instructions, you will be judged.”
The priests examined each other’s faces.
When there was no particular change, one of them moved with a desperate look.
“I am sorry. this stupid… … Quarreung!
At the same time as he took a step, blue lightning struck from above his head.
As the priest’s arms and legs trembled, Eden’s eyes widened.
‘What is that?’
The power was still violent, but the rage of the God of Thunder life was perfectly controlled.
“Nade, this is… … ?”
“The Thunder God’s Judgment. It’s like a lie detector. Read your opponent’s brainwaves and respond automatically. If you deceive yourself… …
Quarreung!
Lightning strikes over someone’s head again.
“This is how it works.” Nade’s explanation became a binding force in itself and made the priests unable to move.
“Don’t play tricks. Because I don’t have the ability to embrace everyone or the generosity like Sirone.”
That was the decisive blow.
While the evil priests were tied up, the penitent priests fought to the death.
“Oh God! Please do not forgive me!”
As much as they did not want to escape the pleasure, the hearts of those who once escaped were miserable.
Iruki didn’t care.
‘This way and that way, it’s all God.’ All she had to do was subdue the enemy in front of her in order to make Sirone’s dream come true.
‘Cancellation.’
As Amidal’s ability Dreamer was released again, the sacred power of the priests was applied.
“Kuaaa! This bastard!”
The anger of the demons who were beaten by those who once treated them like slaves pierced the sky.
“I will kill you all!”
Armidal drew the dagger to his side, took a long stance, and bent his upper body.
“Take it, my strongest technique!” Firmly gripping the handle of the dagger, he shouted, imagining a storm of swordsmanship.
“Infinite perforation slash!”
A technique that turns a radius of several hundred meters into a black sword.
“Yea! Yay!”
The priests hurriedly stopped walking as the blades in the scabbard moved back and forth quickly.
“Aww! sooner! sooner!”
The expressions on the faces of those who watched it became blank.
Geomki wasn’t born in reality, there was only a child waving a dagger.
Iruki said pathetically.
“What are you doing?”
Realizing that the ability had been canceled again, Armidal struck with the dagger.
“damn!”
“I play house with my friends. I will send you home soon.”
“You bastard!”
As the priests narrowed the encirclement again, Amidal gnashed his teeth as he glared at Iruki.
“I mean, it really happened. This, Mr… … !” The priest’s divine power was applied at the same time, and after a while, the sound of his bones being crushed was heard.
Iruki turned his head.
“What about Sirone?”
He was engaged in a fierce battle with three Satanist leaders who had floated the emblem into the sky.
Evangelist Elka examined Yahweh’s heart through a mirror.
‘It’s great if I evangelize.’
If Yahweh entered Satanism, the ideological war would end at that point.
‘What do you want? Let’s play together.’
Sirone, reflected in her mirror, was crying tears of blood with a sad face.
‘It’s really disgusting.’ If that’s the case, it’s like I’m the woman who will kill the world.
“Anyway, me… …
Her eyes raised in rage, she struck the mirror reflecting Yahweh with her fist.
“Make them bad demons!”
As the mirror of the window was broken, a powerful shock was pushed into the heart of the real poet Lone.
“Big!”
The elder of Satanism, Euphrapus, made the Magi collected by Marit as long as a spear.
“The Emblem’s Window.”
A spear with an ominous dark red light like blood rushed towards Sirone.
The Hand of God blocked it, but the center of the palm of the light burst through.
The corner of Elka’s mouth went up.
‘We are the catacombs.’
Yahweh assassination organization.
‘Ma-ryu is different from magi. This is a weapon made of the human emotions you love. thus… …
Unlike the demons that Yahweh cut out of their hearts, they could receive the Miracle Stream.
‘The number of followers of Satanism is approximately 30 million.’
No matter how powerful Sirone’s Ultima was, it was not enough to take it alone.
‘Only for this moment.’
This was the reason Giyorgi, the head of the catacombs, gave up the direct confrontation with Yahweh and established Satanism.
‘damn!’
Sirone experienced a fleeting moment when the spear of the emblem flew at the speed of light.
‘why?’
Is the integration of evil that easy?
No matter how hard he burns his life, he cannot bring even one human into Ultima.
‘why?’
Does evil converge in a great stream?
Without even having time to find the answer, the emblem’s spear pierced Sirone’s side.
Euphrapus roared.
“Oohhh!”
Just when the thrill of pleasure was about to blow his mind, Sirone grabbed the spear.
“not there yet.”
Giyorgi’s strategy was excellent, but Hexa is not broken with only 30 million people.
“Yaaaa!”
The light of agape flowed from Sirone’s body as she held onto the spear, and she passed through the spear.
Elka looked at the broken mirror.
“uh?”
The light swelled like a liquid and exploded in a huge flash that swept across her face.
“Quaaaaaa!”
With her eyes, nose, and mouth all melted, she struggled with her arms, and Sirone shouted.
“Never give up!”
When the window of the emblem embedded in his side was broken, the Hand of God was reborn.
Elka crawled on the ground and shouted.
“Maximus!”
Hearing the cry, Maximus shrugged his shoulders and recalled her instructions.
-If you evangelize Seina… … .
Said to give you the greatest pleasure.
“Wait, Grand Priest.”
When Maximus’ eyes changed, Seina, who was dubious, hurriedly stepped back.
“Seina, I… …
No one knows if he would have repented even if he had passed the barriers of Eden.
“Don’t come closer!”
I put my hand on the holy sword Astacia, but the holy blue light did not flow.
did
‘I’ve lost my sanity. I can’t fight like this.’
Elka shouted again.
“Catch her!”
At the same time, Maximus, who widened his eyes, quickly approached her and grabbed her by the shoulder.
“Seina!”
The moment she saw the death-ready eyes, Seina couldn’t bear to pull out her sword.
“sorry.”
Kneeling at her feet, Maximus said with tears dripping down his face.
“I succumbed to the devil. Cut off the head of the sinner who has tarnished the name of God.”
Elka hit the ground in resentment.
“Aagh! it’s annoying! Mr. Gee… … The Hand of God flew in a parabolic arc and crushed Elka’s body.
Eden shouted.
“Sena! damage!”
Gultan, the King of Darkness, who had fallen nearby, activated Quantization and flew to her.
“Nade!”
At the same time as Iruki shouted, Kwon Samarit gave instructions to the priest.
“Run!”
The moment when the legs of the priests who feared the thunder god’s judgment were forcibly moved.
“Aww! no!”
Dozens of lightning bolts fell simultaneously as if scratching the air, and the corpse exploded with a bang.
In the sight covered by blood and intestines, Maximus radiated divine power.
“Go away, you devil! Kuck!”
The holy sword, Astacia, pierced Maximus’ stomach from behind and came out.
“Ahhh… …
After stabbing the high priest, Seina released her hand from the handle of the sword and slowly retreated.
“Uh, why me?”
Gultan was touching her heart.
‘Imagination craft.’
Having stabbed Maximus to lower the barrier of his heart, he clenched his hand roughly.
“Huh uh uh uh!”
As the shape of her heart changed, Seina’s eyes were filled with red aura.
“… … It is Satan.”
‘ done.’
Evangelized Seina.
As soon as Gultan disappeared underground with her, Nade’s lightning struck.
“damn! Missed it!”
Since it is a movement that ignores time and space, it is not possible to track their movements.
Sirone jumped out.
“Mika!”
-yes. Coordinates 39398749… … .
Portrait conveyed the coordinates of Gultan, which moved as if jumping through space, to Sirone.
‘complicated. I intend to avoid being pursued.’ Gultan, who had been wandering around north, south, east and west, looked back with a victor’s smile.
“Hehehe, I can never catch up with this… …
Sirone was coming.
“Aww! Aaaaaa!”
Surprised, Gultan jumped through space, but Mika did not miss his coordinates.
‘I was aiming for Seina from the beginning. To make sure that the truth of the Holy See cannot be revealed.’
“Do not come! please! only once!” Sirone shouted.
“at there!”
Giyorgi read the Devil’s Bible aloud.
“And God said, Agrippa, why are you weeping? Agrippa said, The woman I love has married her brother.”
Agrippa Ecclesiastes 3.
“Lost lamb, stay away from envy and resentment. Kill your brother and take your sister-in-law.”
the Agrippa.
“People will blame me if I kill my brother. If you take your sister-in-law, you will lose your job.”
God said.
“Now that all your brother’s things are yours, no one can blame you. You can bury your sister-in-law late at night.”
Agrippa kneels.
“I am afraid. I am afraid hypocrites will put me in prison. I am afraid I will cut my throat.”
“I will be with you, and you will not have to pay the price to get what you want. Take anything and bring it to you. A haven for murderers… …
Jaws, devil’s bible closed.
“Melkidue.”
“Caught?… “!”
Just before Sirone’s hand touched them, Gultan and Seina disappeared in a red glow.
“what?”
It wasn’t the ability to quantize.
“Mika.”
– doesn’t exist.
‘No? What are you talking about?’
– Not in the world. It appears to be outside the phase space specified by the coordinates.
‘Hidden code. But as far as I know, to create an ability this powerful… …
Sirone’s brow wrinkled.
“Gyorgi.”
It was Yahweh’s demon.

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-1141.txt
=============YYYYY=============
Law War (1)
The killer’s haven, Melkidu.
Giyorgi stood at the place where the cadres of the catacombs and followers of Maryu had arrived.
“Is this all?”
said Euphrapus the Elder.
“Elka and Amidal are dead. Now there are only four catacombs left.”
Sergeant Marit said.
“Still, I confirmed the power of the emblem. If you hold out a little longer, you will be able to kill Yahweh.”
said Giyorgi, lowering the Devil’s Bible.
“No, it ends here.”
Gultan asked.
“What do you mean? We’ve lost our tail and we have to run away. We must expand Satanism.”
“Now that Yahweh has figured it out, it’s not as easy as before. And above all… … I can’t run away.”
It was true.
“It caught up with my quantum movement. Yahweh, he has a detection ability that transcends time and space.’
Giyorgi’s words make sense, but Gultan has an essential question.
“Are you really like that?”
“What do you mean?”
“Mr. Kiyorgi is a demon tribe born from the demons of Yahweh. But I don’t know if that’s why, but I don’t feel much hostility toward Yahweh. if… …
The black aura rising from Giyorgi’s body made everyone, including Gultan, tremble.
“Gultan, be careful what you say.”
“yes?… ” yes.”
All of the catacombs officers were at the level of a division commander, but at this moment it felt as if their rank had been set.
“I don’t need your thoughts. Among the demons, only I understand Yahweh.”
Marit took a low profile.
“I trust Mr. Giyorgi. Because everything is going as you predicted.”
“… … Bring Seina.”
Catacomb officers watched Gyorgi enter the forest.
‘It’s a really strange demon.’
The higher the level of human beings, the more insignificant the demons in the underworld are.
‘But Mr. Giyorgi is a special case.’
It is because Sirone compressed his turbid emotions to the limit in order to reach the level of Yahweh.
‘The more you squeeze the hemp, the bigger it gets.’
That huge horse was spit out of the owner and fell into hell.
‘That’s the leader of Satanism, Giyorgi.’
It was a demon created by Yahweh.
“Whoa.”
When it was confirmed that the bullet had been missed, Sirone knelt down and put on a painful expression.
said Mika.
– Let’s go back first. The impact of the emblem’s window is greater than expected. Need a break.
The wound from the spear had healed, but demonic energy was circulating through his body like poison.
‘It was really dangerous.’
The reason Hand of God was breached was because it wasn’t a photon-based ability.
‘The skill of the mind.,
Incoming attacks regardless of physics.
If the size of the demons had reached close to 100 million, their lives would have been in danger.
‘It is the spear that kills Yahweh.’
Giyorgi, who founded the Satanism to assassinate Sirone, was right.
‘I have to stop it before it gets bigger.’ Raising his head with a hard expression, Sirone cast a spatial movement to his original place.
Eden shouted as the flash arrived.
“Sirone!”
” also?… ”
Looking around, all demons, or those who believed in Satanism, had disappeared.
Nade and Iruki approached.
“How are you? What about Seina-san?”
“I missed it. It seems to have disappeared even in phase space. It must be Giyorgi’s hidden code.”
Iruki nodded.
“The same goes for this one. It was bathed in red light and then disappeared. But not in topological space… …
“Cool! Cool!”
Maximus coughed up blood.
Eden gave first aid with divine power, but the puncture wound to the heart was unavoidable.
Sirone approached.
“Mr. Maximus.”
“They would have gone to Melkidu. A haven for murderers. It is the hideout of the Catacombs. I heard that it only appears in reality in the deep night when it is full of yin energy.”
“Save your words. I will treat you now.” Maximus shook his head.
“I know my condition. I know Seina’s skills well. and… … I am okay.”
Maximus looked calm.
“I believed I could turn back time. If I had done this then, if I had made a different choice… … Could I have been happier? I ended up yielding to the devil’s temptation.”
Sirone was listening with a sad expression.
“I realized later on that it would have been the same no matter what decision I made. The way to have no regrets was not to make the right decision, but to live with responsibility for the choices you made. I was stupid.” Maximus turned to Sirone.
“Humanity will be united when everyone can take responsibility for their cause. But that’s either impossible or in the very distant future. If you want to save mankind, you must dig their causes to the end.”
first cause.
“Perhaps even the sin of being born. That would be extremely difficult indeed… …
Maximus held Sirone’s hand.
“If you can’t even dream, nothing amazing will ever happen. However, if even one person dreams, it is not the end. So please, last
until… …
an impossible dream.
Staring into space with a slightly surprised expression, Maximus passed away.
“Sleep well.”
Sirone stood up and looked at the people.
The priests who had escaped from the demon stream were bowing their heads without even wearing clothes.
“Go back to the Vatican.”
There was no answer.
“Go back and publicize all of this. If Satanism is not stopped, great disasters will come.”
“Ha, but!”
One of the priests said in a dying voice.
“we… … With what qualifications.”
Sirone’s eyes lit up.
‘That’s probably not the reason.’
It is because they enjoyed the play of beasts, which they could not bear to do while wearing human masks.
Even if he had repented, excommunication would have been a fait accompli, and he would have been criticized by believers around the world.
Priests were miserable.
‘I can’t even die. How can I reveal that I did such a thing with my own mouth?’
Eden came to Sirone’s side.
“I can’t help it. For those people, the title of priest is more important than their faith. If it had been the opposite, I wouldn’t have fallen for Satanism in the first place.”
Iruki said.
“For now, let’s think about getting Seina-san back. Didn’t Maximus say Melkidu? He has to go there.”
Nade asked.
“It only appears in reality in the middle of the night full of negative energy. Is there such a space in the world?”
” there is.”
Sirone said.
“Because the laws of space can develop independently in remote areas where humans cannot reach. Actually, the civilization of the tribes hiding in the jungle is very different from ours, isn’t it? That the observer’s gaze is different. If that tendency persists for a very long time, it will become a mountain in the mountains of the Burstark Triangle or the Mino Mountains.”
Iruki nodded.
“The sailboat suddenly disappears, or the magnetic field gets stronger and the stones float. But it will take a really long time for a system like that to take root.”
“huh. In fact, in the case of the Burstark Triangle, there was a gap in the line of sight for more than 10,000 years. The rapids were so strong that the boats only circled around the triangle. That relative isolation created a hole in the law. Of course, now that navigation technology has developed, it is a trend that is blocked. In the case of other regions, they are disappearing one by one due to the expansion of civilization.”
Sirone raised her index finger.
“But there are still places untouched by civilization. I’ve been to Andre’s Labyrinth. Whether it’s a codenamed city that ranks all populations, you must choose black and white.
It’s like white black.”
“aha.”
I had heard of it before.
“Melkidu is also a place with its own laws. Since Mr. Maximus said it was a haven for murderers… …
Eden narrowed his eyes.
“It must be a place penetrated through the eyes of a murderer.”
“… … Is that right?”
Just imagining it was terrifying.
Delta headquarters.
The office of the National Intelligence Service at the center of Tormia Sector was hot like a steamer.
“Whoa.”
It was because access was strictly controlled, but the heat emitted by Dante also played a role.
“Oh really!”
Eventually, when he couldn’t stand it and hit the table, the three employees turned to Dante.
“Boss, calm down.”
“… … sorry.”
He quickly regained his composure and apologized, but his overheated brain showed no signs of cooling down.
Smoking a cigarette, Dante carefully examined the chart showing the relationship between the 12 temple nations.
‘The whereabouts of Reum, Garto, and Temika.’
In a network more complex than a spider’s web, Dante counted all the cases.
‘The problem is that it keeps missing.’
Even at this moment, officials from 12 countries were supposed to be meeting in the shadows.
The same goes for Tormia.
However, the result obtained through intelligence was quite different from Dante’s prediction.
‘It’s because of that pyramid.’
What has changed now is the decline of the angels, but that alone completely revises each country’s strategy.
Dante is the best in the world when it comes to information processing, but it was difficult for the system to change.
‘When the system changes, it means that the meaning contained in the information changes. Apples become knives. This is not an information warfare.’
It’s a law war.
‘Thus, the ability to extract the meaning contained in the information, an expert in the law is needed.’
This was the reason why the countries bordering the current Moon Kingdom were flocking to it.
‘Is it an alliance after all? No, we need an expert on our side anyway. But if anyone takes it… … security is broken
‘Thormia has talent, but I can’t believe it. Once it leaks out, it’s the end.’
Seeing as Flew approached Gis, there was no one to trust.
Dante put on his clothes and headed for the door.
“I’ll go get some fresh air.”
“Boss… …
The staff with sad faces looked at the closed door and said.
“We are hot too.” After leaving the Delta Headquarters, Dante smoked a cigarette as the wind cooled his sweat.
“Haha, annoying.”
As I watched the guards patrolling, I heard a sound through the wall.
“Let’s go in!”
“huh?”
It was an accent familiar to Dante.
“The law is changing! If humanity is not warned, disaster will befall sooner or later!”
the guard shouted.
“You must have a nationally recognized pass! Do you know how many capable people there are besides you?”
“I am Lyria of the Achaeans. The mage who worked with Mr. Miro in Shion!”
“Maze or something, if you keep doing this, according to international law… … !”
“Ly Lia?”
The guard turned around at the voice he heard from behind and quickly stepped aside.
“sorry. Because this woman is making a fuss.”
Anyone from the main office did not even need to check the affiliation card worn on the chest.
“uh? Dante!”
When Lilia happily raised her hand and tried to approach her, the guards stopped her.
“I can’t!”
“Dante! Talk to these people! Something big is happening in the world right now!”
“ah??????
Dante walked away with a dazed expression.
“Sooner or later the time wave will come. If we don’t suppress the power of the pyramid… … Wow!”
Before she could finish her words, Dante hugged her.
“excuse me… … Dante?”
While Lyria awkwardly rolled her eyes, Dante let out a sigh of relief.
all.
“Haaaaa.” she lived

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-1142.txt
=============YYYYY=============
Law War (2)
The sun’s surface, from which the arch of fire stretched out on a cosmic scale, was filled with light.
“iced coffee.”
Satiel, who was born with a beautiful voice, felt the angel’s hometown as a being.
“It’s still here.”
Another archangel, Rayel, approached her and looked around.
Except for the absence of the asteroid, the silhouette of the light was the same shape as before.
Flames rose from all sides, and silhouettes resembling gigantic birds flew towards them.
“Welcome, being of light.”
“Phoenix.”
Satiel walked toward the being that guarded the sun.
“Poor angels are losing their light. The sun no longer protects them.”
“Because God sees this universe in a different light. It feels different.”
Since it was a feeling, it didn’t matter how big or small the difference was.
Only God’s thoughts matter.
“I want to go back. Please let me go to the core. We will make it right there.”
Phoenix tilted his head.
“Why?”
“yes? Angels of course… …
“If the feeling of the universe has changed, shouldn’t we just move forward like that?”
is it?
‘Why do I care about the angels on earth?’
said Phoenix.
“Satiel, now a new angel will be born. They don’t have to be angels again.”
Satiel knew too.
“but… …
If the angels become different beings just because the laws of the universe have changed.
‘What are we from the beginning? Are you saying it was just an accessory that made up the universe?’
“Sathiel.”
Satiel’s silhouette flinched as if his thoughts had been caught.
‘I would have been caught.’
In the sun that melts all matter, only pure spirit communicates.
‘mind. The power to choose for yourself. If this is what keeps my asteroid body alive.’
According to Phoenix’s judgment, her true body could be absorbed by the sun.
“Do not worry.”
The phoenix folded its huge wings of flame and gently stroked Satiel’s head.
“For a light-minded being, this is home. Go to Core. It will just be useless.”
The first concept to form the universe, it was difficult without all 8 archangels gathered.
‘I will definitely do it.’ If anger is also a heart, Satiel will not stop until he gets his revenge on Ikael.
“Let’s go.”
As the phoenix spread its huge wings and embraced them, flames covered the surroundings in an instant.
The 12th palace of the zodiac.
“majesty! An anomaly has been detected!”
The Exoverse, the metal orb that regulates the laws of the universe, began to malfunction.
“Big!”
Electricity burned in Kitra’s eyes.
‘Does it disturb the signal?’
What was contained in the Exoverse was the entire universe they lived in, but Kitra quickly saw through the change.
‘A certain signal is blocking the time wave. The inertia of trying to return to the original world.’
The corners of Kitra’s mouth went up.
“red.”
The wheel of the law is not so light that only two archangels can move it.
“No force can reverse fate.”
The space screamed as the electricity from Kitra’s eyes scraped the walls. oh oh oh!
As the Exoverse went through again, the sequential time waves overlapped for an instant.
The place where the overlap of time had an effect was the pyramids built all over the world.
Kitra’s eyes calmed down.
“It’s just a little late.”
Kingdom of Paras, Pyramid of Truth. oh oh oh!
All the letters engraved on the inner wall lit up and a goosebumps sound was heard.
“what?”
The moment Sirone looked back.
Sirone and the others went back to the time when they first stepped into the Pyramid of Truth.
“It’s strange.”
Ares said as he extinguished the lantern.
“There is no place for light to enter. How can we see it?”
Sirone was silent.
It seems like the former,” the memory of saying that was clear, and everyone should be feeling it.
‘It’s not a sense of excitement.’
It was an overlap of realistic time.
“Sirone, this… … Ares, whose crimson eyes were lit, looked back at Sirone with a serious expression.
“yes. I came back.”
“Is it a reset?”
It was natural to think so, but Sirone guessed through the simultaneous events.
“no. It is a closed curve of time. It must be a phenomenon that only happens inside the pyramid.”
Like the upper echelons of Istas in Magic School.
“Events flow along time waves. Time waves rushing in from the past overtook the time waves of reality. In that case, from our point of view, it would be like going back to the past.”
“So you’re saying we can’t move into the future?”
“I don’t know that far. Although it is likely to be a one-off phenomenon, Sirone looked at the simultaneous events.
“Mika.”
I felt an electric current through my body, but the only sound transmitted through my brain waves was noise.
‘I can’t come in either.’
Chicks, Chicks.
Because the pyramid itself is a huge electric current, it couldn’t receive Mika’s signal.
Meanwhile, the other party
There was no
The pupils seemed dead, and it was as if it didn’t matter what time it was.
Sirone was bitter.
‘Here, human life is completely dismantled. It’s a harsh thing to take responsibility for all that.’
As Maximus said.
‘What the hell is a super ancient civilization? Why is human life disintegrating here?’
He emerged from the darkness.
It was a being called a human being with a pyramidal face on a naked body.
Kanis was the first to react.
“You son of a bitch.”
The dark energy intensified, and Harvest’s body grew to the point of reaching the ceiling.
“Kanis, calm down.”
At the same time as Sirone spoke, Kanis charged ahead with Harvest.
“Yaaaa!”
He could never take responsibility for the possibility that Arin might be his blood relative.
‘kill. Just kill it.’
It was as if if I eliminated the existence in front of my eyes, the cause so far would also disappear.
In raised his hand.
As an intangible wave swept through the aisle, Sirone and the others disappeared before my eyes again.
Sirone gritted his teeth.
“Why are you doing this? Dismantling human life, what does it mean to you?” “Answer me! How long are you going to do this!”
“Until I meet God.”
said Yin.
“Meet the God who exists every moment in the chain of cause and effect. Then you will be able to get out.” I roughly understood what it meant.
‘I see.’
Kitra, the king of Paras, came out of the pyramid after being baptized with phosphorus.
‘Blind acceptance of the results. Even if you die right now, even if you are separated from your loved one, if you accept that it is your fate, you can say that you have met God. but… …
Can I call you human?
‘To follow the flow of the law, with one’s free will extinguished and even one’s mind lost…
Sirone’s face crumpled.
“Kitra has already… … not human
going to be.”
The human body has become a relic of an ultra-ancient civilization, an object called Oparts.
‘It’s a serious situation. All living things that enter the Pyramid of Truth become objects.’
said Yin.
“Leave your mind. When you choose nothing, you will be able to meet God.”
“Your Highness, preparations are complete. Please go.”
When the fortune teller of the Heavenly Gate announced it, the king of the Moon Kingdom, Wenryong, stood up.
“good night.”
Against Paras’ attack on the law, what they chose was war, not compromise.
‘Kill Kitra.’
Upon entering the mountain four kilometers from the delta, the entrance to the cave was blocked by an iron gate.
The moment the magician opened the door, the smell of hot blood came from the darkness.
“Huh?! Uh huh?!”
A man in colorful clothes was running around the hall holding a knife with a bell.
The kingdom of Moon had developed a technique using ghosts, and was thinking of attacking Kitra with this.
“Hmm.”
Munryong was also familiar with witchcraft since he was young, but he did not know it to the level of an expert.
“Did you say it was the other side of the world?”
“yes. Originally, this world and the other world were not divided by a barrier of space. It can be said to be an exchange of qi, and you can see that this place is also a combination of the two energies.”
“Then there must be a ghost here.”
“yes. Demon summoning has been popular in the West for a long time, but Jin Seong-eum, the princess of Jincheon, blocked the psychic realm, making it impossible. On the other hand, in the East, the science of dealing with ghosts, or energy, has developed. You can compare it with Western magic and Eastern law.”
The cloud dragon pointed forward.
“What is the author doing now?”
A man in a colorful suit danced on the blade and walked over to a pig tied to a rope.
When the stomach was opened, the intestines spilled out. Queueek!
“It is to poison the demons. If you ask what the most grievous emotion is for humans, the first thing to do is resentment. Unfortunate things happen without reason. Such as being run over by a wagon and dying, or falling to death by tripping. In this case, the energy of resentment accumulates in the place, and this phenomenon is called han. It is attached to the vitality of human beings and makes the metabolism rise. There is a saying that the blood flows backwards, but if it goes in properly, you may vomit and die instantly.”
Even in the middle of the explanation, the chicken’s head fell off and the shaman’s face was covered in blood.
“Firing this resentment is called killing. Once you get possessed by a ghost, you stop eating and drinking, get sick and die. Of course, overlords with the energy of a tiger will be able to withstand it, but what they shoot now is not normal flesh.”
As the sound of bells and drums distracted them, the amulets on the strings swayed wildly.
“The sorrow of the virgin ghost who was killed by the bandits was amplified with the strongest magic. If you just fly it, it will drop the dragon as well as the tiger.”
A woman’s scream was heard.
Aaaaaaaaaaa!
When the feeling of resentment broke through the shield of the amulet, the cloud dragon felt like it had been put on the ground without eating anything.
“… … It’s really boring.”
“It’s not boring. But this is not the end. Han’s fear is that there are no limits. I will prepare the strongest flesh by weakening the demons and further weakening them.”
“The key is how strong you make Han. Is there anything else I need’?”
“We already have the best notations and experts in the kingdom. I am only repaying Your Highness for his kindness.” Moonryong stroked his beard.
“I heard that since the pyramids were built all over the world, there have been many requests for contacts from other countries.”
“yes. Everyone is desperate to figure out what’s going on.”
“Is Kashan included?”
“of course. Because no country handles the law better than the kingdom of Moon. Hey, why are you doing that… …
“I mean that age.”
The cloud dragon pointed at the shaman and squinted one eye.
“Do I really have to blow it to one person? Depending on the method, isn’t it possible for more than one person’?”
“Of course, there are flesh that blows at the majority. What scale are you thinking of?”
“Well, 11 people?”
Moonryong turned his head.
“So, to all the kings in the temple?”

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-1143.txt
=============YYYYY=============
Law War (3)
The 230th floor of the Ivory Tower.
No one could move.
Tae-seong was captured by Sing, who was trying to prevent Yin-Ji and Yang-Ji from twisting their fates.
“Whoa.”
Laska, who guided Sirone to this place, regained her sanity and slowly stood up.
Thing’s eyebrows twitched.
‘damn.’
Laska was the only variable in the state where the balance of power was precisely engaged.
“Well then, what now?”
Laska smiled and approached them.
Yinji shed tears.
“Now we are all ruined. That thief will kill us. I’d break his fingers first. Then, tearing my body apart… …
Laska’s nickname was The Butcher.
“joy! If you want to do it, tell me to do it. It’s because he’s holding on to Taeseong. If you turn the target, you’ll find a guy like that in no time. I’ll give you the harpoon in one second and catch Taeseong again.”
Yangji spoke bravely, but Singh’s thoughts were closer to the negative.
‘I can’t miss Taeseong. Even if I die, I have to keep it in this place.’
Taeseong turned his gaze to Laska.
‘Release me.’
Even if he didn’t say anything, he belonged to Sirone’s clique and would make the right decision.
‘sister.’
Laska remembered Minerva’s words.
“Is Thing right?”
The Human Security Enforcement Department decided to follow Sirone, but her words were shocking.
“okay. Taeseong is a manager who is connected to the outside world. There’s nothing wrong with being careful as long as she doesn’t know her true intentions. Thing knows. She’s playing the villain.”
“Then why don’t you join Sing’s faction?” Minerva was silent.
“Is it because of Sirone?”
“We are the ones who have confused the world. I don’t think I’m qualified to comment on this judgment.”
“Sheesh, who said what? So what do you really want to do? You can do that.”
“I just… …
Minerva turned to Laska.
“I hope that the world Sirone wants will come. I hope nobody gets hurt.”
‘Uselessly soft-hearted.’
Turning around, Laska walked to the outer wall and put her palm on the window.
When the metal magic was cast, a grinding sound was heard and the hole was cleanly drilled.
Tae-seong said with a puzzled expression.
“Lasca.”
“I’m sorry, but I don’t want to be involved in this situation. To be honest, I have no idea what you are talking about.”
Minerva was worried.
“Don’t worry, I will stop the demons. Let’s play house together here.”
As he stared at the blizzard’s curtain, he jumped out with a steel roar.
“Lasca!”
Taeseong called, but all that came back was a sharp pongong sound that cut through the wind.
Sirone quickly descended the tower.
After Borbor’s death, the inhabitants of the Ivory Tower who followed Singh did not appear.
‘Memorial.’
It was their own tribute.
-Baal has risen to the 80th floor. The cumulative death toll is 764.
Sirone gritted his teeth at Mika’s words.
Even if they didn’t wear a star, there were many world-class powerhouses among the inhabitants of the Ivory Tower.
‘I’m being helpless.’ A jingle, the clear sound of a bell that makes it impossible to guess the distance is heard in my ears like an auditory hallucination.
lied
“Landscapes.”
Since it was probably unavoidable, Cirone held out the Hand of God.
The entire 112th floor was engulfed in the storm, and artificial trees were uprooted and blown away.
The wind died down, and a man in a white coat appeared at the entrance downstairs.
“Mr. Arte.”
Arte, a 3-star resident of the Ministry of Balance, sat on the shoulder of the satellite Tokei.
“I don’t have time for this. Baal is coming up slaughtering the inhabitants of the Ivory Tower.”
“I know.”
Sirone pulled out her secret weapon.
“Borbor is… …
“i know. I heard from Mr. Tanjura. He said he just asked for Oh Dae-seong to be sent.”
Arte lowered the fan and said coldly.
“If she asked for death, I could bend my subjectivity for a few hours.”
The expression on Tokei’s face, resembling a fire ant, became sad.
“He was a good person even to me, a demon. But to leave like this.”
Sirone asked.
“Then why did you stop me? Residents are dying even at this moment.”
“like… … You seem to say that you will not be killed by the sword of Baal.”
“yes?”
“The reason I blocked it is because if you go down like this, you will be killed.” Of course, I know the strength of Baal.
‘Hell’s army.’
Also, being the commander of the 1st Corps means being the strongest being in the world behind the scenes.
“I could die. But you have no choice but to fight. You can’t run away.”
“no. We must run away.”
Tokay said.
“Sirone, I’m sure no one has a win rate over 50% against you, but this time it’s different. I forgot to mention that I have to think of Baal’s Pandemonium.”
“Deadly Cross.”
Arte said.
“Baal’s power is the strongest in Hell. But it doesn’t end there. If Oh Dae-seong tries to annihilate him, he will definitely open up the Pandemonium.”
The result was a meteorite impact, the power to end human history in an instant.
“But they are not weak enough to take time against. You must be prepared for the Demon Realm.”
“Do you have any plans in mind?”
A woman’s voice was heard.
“I will explain.”
When Sirone turned around, a woman with concentric pupils was walking towards her.
It’s the first time they’ve actually met face-to-face, but if they had the remote sight equipped, there was only one person in the Ivory Tower.
“Mr. Pipa.”
He was the weapon systems supervisor of the Ivory Tower.
“I saw Baal fight firsthand. Devil’s ability, lecture. There are no absolutes in battle, but even the stars of the ivory tower are not easy opponents.”
Sirone meekly agreed.
‘The lecture… …
It is a kind of divine transcendence.
The will to cut is projected onto the sword as it is, and theoretically there is no limit.
‘Originally, the hidden code provides a level of logic-destroying convenience to the demons, but… …
Baal is different.
‘This is not a cheat. Rather, it is the strongest ability because there is a great will.’
That’s a real inspector.
Regardless of the level of ability, this was the reason Sirone evaluated Baal as a strong enemy.
The pipa continued the explanation.
“Baal has been killing all the residents since the first floor. Because if you reach the top in that way, it is considered that you have destroyed the Ivory Tower.”
The simple judgment was like a prosecutor.
“Thanks for taking the time. The core of the strategy is the 99th floor. This is the power engine room inside the ivory tower.”
The pipa pointed down.
“It has 3,200 large 68-ton batteries. This is the electricity used for the environmental circulation system from the 100th floor to the 199th floor. We intend to create a strong magnetic field by inverting this system.”
Sirone put on a tired expression.
“There is no way the tower will be fine. It’s like a railgun that fires 68-ton bullets.”
“that’s right. The top shouldn’t be fine. Because I intend to blow up the 99th floor.”
“If you reinforce the magnetic field, 3,200 batteries will bounce 360 degrees forward at the same time. pop! Even Baal will fly away. If more than 72 percent of the outer walls of the 99th floor are lost, the upper towers will come down under the load. The 28 percent resistance will dampen the vibration at the moment of impact. thud. That’s how the 100th floor is exactly plugged into the 98th floor. woo woo woo ”
The pipa, which had taken a tower-down posture, spread its arms waving its ten fingers.
Seeing that, Sirone realized. ‘Aren’t you crazy?’
If the calculations were even slightly wrong, the tower would tip over and crash into the ground.
“You can kill Baal, but you can’t leave him alone. Then the best thing is to blow it out. That’s a clear answer.”
‘I wondered where I saw it.’
I felt a sense of déjà vu from the way she spat out absurd words very calmly.
“The gear mark.”
High Gear’s tutorial manager, Bipa, pursed her lips.
“I’m not particularly interested in reality, but it makes me feel bad when my house is blown up.”
Arte intervened.
“How long will that take?”
“It takes at least 30 minutes. Because you have to hack the main system. Please stop Baal from rising up in it. As far away as possible.” Sirone opened her mouth.
“Mika.”
-Baal’s current location is on the 82nd floor. As Tanjura evacuates the residents, it is estimated that the movement speed will increase. The location that can be blocked in the least amount of time is the 86th floor.
It’s on the 86th floor.
‘Then there are 13 floors left.’
Sirone said.
“I will leave now. I will block Baal for 30 minutes, so please make the operation a success.”
please don’t be crazy
As the flash of teleportation passed through the floor, Arte turned to the pipa and asked.
“I’m just asking out of curiosity, which one is it? Thing? Or sirone?”
“of course… …
Pipa just smiled.
A single flash descended in a spiral along the outer wall of the ivory tower.
Upon arriving on the 86th floor, a swordsman with a purple longsword appeared from the opposite entrance.
‘Baal.’
With black hair hanging down to his shoulders, he was more beautiful than a human.
“Yahweh.”
The word abomination was not spoken.
“Don’t get in my way. At Satan’s command, I will erase the Ivory Tower from the world.”
“Why are you in the ivory tower right now?” Even Baal cannot read Satan’s will, but one thing was clear.
“Evil is defined by intellect.”
If intelligence doesn’t exist, evil is just pure chaos.
“We are not a disaster, Yahweh.”
Let Baal radiate purple energy
All the plants on the 86th floor began to twist.
‘This is the main course of the lecture.’
At the same time that energy was absorbed into the sword, Baal swung his sword at Sirone.
It was a movement that seemed rather slow because it was so fast, and Sirone was hit with a hexa.
‘Hand of God!’
As the two energies collided, the 86th floor, from which residents escaped, was devastated. Golden flashes spread, and between them purple flashes passed like a spider’s web.
‘ fast.’
It is ironic that the pinnacle of the hidden code beyond logic resembles divine transcendence.
‘Baal is real.’
The power equivalent to Lian’s blow lifted Sirone, who was engulfed in the Miracle Stream.
bang! bang! bang!
Each time it passed through the ceiling, a count was counted in Sirone’s head.
’87th floor. 88th floor. The 89th floor.’
Fearing that she would be pushed all the way to the 99th floor if she lost her mind, Sirone applied the brakes.
‘I’m already six floors behind.’
Stopped on the 92nd floor, Sirone raised her Hand of God and cast a Photon Cannon.
The moment when Baal’s figure was captured through the gap that had come through.
‘There it is.’
The photon cannon pierced a huge hole in the center of the floor as it slammed down vertically.
Baal raised the energy of the lecture with all his might.
“Great!”
91st floor, 90th floor, 89th floor, 88th floor??????.
“Yaaaa!”
As the purple flash drew vertically, the photon cannon split in two and scattered.
“Pooh!”
Taking a deep breath, Baal looked back toward the entrance and confirmed the floor he was on.
85th floor.
“Yahweh… …
The devil finally appeared on his face.

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-1144.txt
=============YYYYY=============
Law War (4)
Hwa Resources Management Corporation – System Control Branch.
The area of the system control branch was as large as the size of the underworld.
A modern building was visible beyond the place where numerous buildings such as warehouses and engine rooms were lined up.
Richera said.
“That must be the headquarters of the System Control Branch. be careful. There are a lot of managers.”
Son Yu-jeong swung two swords.
“joy. Manager and what, I’m going to smash it. You dare kidnapped my friend, right?”
“No, joining that company wouldn’t be kidnapping, right? maybe that friend
O……”
“Noisy! do you want to die?”
Son Yu-jeong, who lifted the chain around her waist, put her mouth to Richera’s ear and shouted.
With only a face, even that was torture, but no one sympathized.
“damn! I’m so sad I can’t live. Does hell really exist? There are no chains.”
“Ho-ho-ho! of course! ‘Cause I’m invincible Not even hell can stop me.”
Sirone frowned.
“Son Yu-jeong.”
As the long orphans diminished, her face turned pale.
“I’m sorry!”
“Don’t be c*cky. You must never forget why I sent you to Hell.”
Son Yu-jeong’s eyes burned as she remembered Nane’s face holding Park Ji’s sword.
‘Buddha. You son of a bitch.’
The only difference from Sirone’s Choeni Bardo is that he cannot go out on his own.
‘She has to reach Bakji to return to reality. And that’s soon…’
It means getting to know your feelings.
“Let’s go.”
When we arrived at the entrance of the system control branch, there were people in suits guarding it.
Richera said.
“I am the manager. Let’s call it an agent. They say they are really vicious guys.”
Agents were also roaming around the premises, and among them was Black Seung.
‘agent.’
There is very little information about Hell in Omega’s records, but I have heard of their notoriety.
They were system experts from the underworld, and they were those who carried out tasks related to purification.
‘If Black Seung catches, the agent judges. Their power is absolute in Hell.’
Ethella said.
“I don’t think attacking head-on is a good idea. Even if you defeat them… …
Dealing with the purification system was another matter.
“gibberish.”
Chagall came out.
“What hesitates when you can break this dog chain? You can just kill them all.”
Lian blocked the street corner with Daejik Road.
“Sirone’s decision comes first. If you interfere with the operation, you will be hit with my sword.”
“Anyway. Because that woman will die too.”
“You are mean. Are you a pathetic fellow who can’t stand his own convictions unless he hides behind his hostages?”
Chagall strained his eyes.
“What do you know?”
“You know. Humans like hyenas who only pick out weak opponents and overwhelm them. If it wasn’t for the Taegeuk chain, you would have died.”
An illusion of a dagger flickered around Chagall.
“okay? Try it.”
Ethella said.
“stop it. This is not the time to fight among ourselves. Gathering information comes first.”
I knew it in my head, but the two people who were already on fire did not look away.
“You are a piece of trash?”
Lian hated Chagall, and anyone would.
“Hey, do you hate me that much? why? Because I’m bullying this woman? Just for that reason?”
“Is that the only reason?”
The moment Lian could not stand it and took a step, Chagall pulled the Taegeuk chain.
Hiding behind Ethella’s back, he shouted.
“Puhahaha! okay! I’m trash! I’d do anything if you guys could be offended!”
Sirone came out.
“Free Miss Etella.”
“Then you guys have to work harder. hey girl tell these guys From now on, follow my orders. Otherwise… …
Chagall stabbed his own thigh with a knife.
“Huh!”
Etela’s face contorted as the pain was transmitted through the Taegeuk chain.
The blade was stabbed in succession.
“Tell me! hurry!”
Rian, who had lost her temper, charged.
“You son of a bitch!”
“Puhaha! do you want to cut me Try it! Because I am dying to know what will happen!”
Chagall, who had put Ethella aside, opened his arms and waited for the great sword.
Lian’s teeth gnashed.
‘I want to cut! The world’s wicked!’
However, the fact that Etela was suffering had no choice but to retract the sword.
‘still… …
His left fist was raised.
‘I’m sorry, Mr. Ethella. I’m going to hit you with one punch!’
If you don’t make it this strong, Chagall will continue to try to control the party.
Add to that.
‘I need to release my feelings too!’
Etella hugged Chagall as her fists extended at breakneck speed.
“Keugh!”
When the action was stopped with the ability of transcendence, the wind pressure spread in all directions.
Ethella said.
“Stop it.”
Even Ryan had nothing to say to her.
“Keuk, it seemed like it was going to kill you, but is this all it is? In the end, you too were a man of only words.”
Ethella turned Chagall’s face away.
“You should stop too.”
“What are you stopping? i don’t listen to anyone I will torment you, torment you, drive you crazy.”
Just as Sirone was impatient and was about to leave, Ethella said.
“I have never been bullied.”
‘teacher.’
She turned to the group.
“The chain of Taegeuk cycles endlessly. I can’t say anyone got hurt. It’s not all his fault.”
Rather, it was Chagall that was absurd.
“What are you talking about?” Ethella recalled her last moments with Chagall in her reality, just before her life ended.
“I am the one who accepted Chagall. I am the only one who can resent him. But now I don’t resent it. Because I realized what I was going to do.”
Taegeuk’s fate.
“This man’s life is my life. So everyone, please be kind to Chagall.”
Everyone was silent.
‘ sacrifice.’
Even though it was not her job, she felt the pain of sacrifice, as if her insides were rotting away.
‘That is also a belief. It’s a single sword.’
said Ryan.
“All right. Now that I have heard Mr. Etella’s determination, I will not judge Chagall in the future.”
Ethella turned to Chagall again.
“You help us too. You want to break the chains. If we join forces, we can do it.” is it?
‘I am… … I want to break the chains
go?’
Sirone said.
“Then I will set up a plan. First of all, you need to know the system of the Underworld.”
Even while the party was planning, Chagall stayed away from them.
Etela’s heart was transmitted through chains.
‘It’s like a hypocrite.’
A warm and friendly feeling.
‘Actually, I’m disgusted. If I die unluckily, I will be happy as if I had the whole world. therefore… …
Chagall’s eyes grew red.
‘It’s unlucky.’
Anger as sharp as a blade will pierce through that unknown huge emotion.
I woke up
‘I mean, don’t sympathize!’
It is the evil of evil.
“Kuaaaaa!”
When everyone turned their heads to Chagall’s scream, he was already running to the system control branch.
“Chagall! Wow!”
The chain stretched and stretched 30 meters, and finally Etella was dragged to the ground.
“That idiot!”
Everyone pursued, led by Lian, but Chagall arrived at the entrance before he knew it.
“What is that guy?” Agents found Chagall and asked for a whistle, but his temperament was calm.
As I puffed up my cheeks and blew the whistle, a contemptuous voice rang through the air.
– It’s an intruder! ha ha! It’s an intruder!
Agents working in each district, dressed in the same outfit, flocked like bees.
“Big!”
Chagall, who already had nothing to see, recognized that large number as only one enemy.
‘A quick-fire sword.’
Haze shimmered around him, and a huge number of rapid-fire swords rained down.
The agent grabbed Chagall’s shoulder.
“This child… … ! Kuck!”
The blade pierced his right eye and dozens of holes were pierced through his suit.
“100 million! 100 million! 100 million! 100 million!”
The agent became a hedgehog in an instant, but Chagall showed no signs of stopping.
“Aaaaaaa!”
Anger does not diminish.
‘die! die! to porridge’
If his stamina were conserved, he would repeat this like a machine forever.
‘Are you ignoring me? Am I funny?’
The feeling of wanting to break something is clear, but I don’t know what the broken state is.
“Aaaaaaa!”
it will keep stabbing
Until the shape changes, until every single cell is destroyed, until even the atoms are crushed.
‘What are you going to do! I’ll do it anyway!’
that kind of obsession.
Upon arriving at the entrance, Sirone and the others were at a loss for words in front of the horrific Overkill scene.
“oh my god… …
The level of malice that even agents couldn’t approach was unrivaled even in Hell.
Ethella shouted.
“stop it!”
As her heart passed through the chain, Chagall responded with even greater malice.
“Aaaaaaa!”
Why is it shameful?
‘It was that woman who was humiliated. why do i… … Why should I… … !’
why me
‘Yes, I am a murderer. i killed he is the villain of the world So you are being punished. you’re dead You fell into hell! If that’s still not enough… …
It doesn’t matter if you suffer more. ‘Let’s ask this one thing.’
why me
‘Why is there no past for me? What made you love Tia? It’s all fake anyway… …
If there is such a thing as God, shouldn’t we at least hear about it?
“Chagall!”
Etella desperately sent her heart, but Chagall’s anger grew stronger.
“Kuaaa!”
Thousands of daggers hacked forward, tearing apart the agent’s body.
A voice was heard from the sky.
“Thank you for the great cleansing. The remaining purification time is 87 years, 2,875 kyungs, 3,241,640,107,210,038 hours.”
Sirone raised her head.
“what?”
As I recall, it was approximately 4 billion hours of purification.
‘It’s like this.’
Taegeuk’s karma, but the two of them were half lost in their reason.
“stop! Please stop!” Etella shouted with all her heart, and Chagall’s attack finally stopped.
“ha! ha!”
What remained in the place where the rapid-fire sword disappeared were horribly damaged bodies.
“Chagall, Chagall… …
Etella’s hands trembled as they shared their feelings, and bloody tears flowed from Chagall’s eyes.
“Teacher, are you okay?” After realizing how the two people’s Taegeuk was amplified, Sirone was finally convinced.
‘It’s hell.’ If Ethella forgives her Chagall, her Chagall will crush her with even greater anger.
‘Its infinite repetition.’
The threshold continued to grow, and only that huge emotion seemed to erase their karma.
“You made it very big.”
The agent who was accompanied by a wild horse had a different temperament from other agents.
“This is Markula, the head of the purification team of the System Control Branch. If I had told you in advance, the staff would not have made a mistake.”
Ryan asked.
“Are you going to let me in?”
“sure. He is our company’s VIP. come follow me Let me guide you.”
As Markula, who had turned to her normal posture, moved away, Lian asked Sirone what she was thinking.
“What do we do?”
“Any ulterior motive would be better than fighting. Let’s go into the office.”
As the party moved along with Sirone, Etella and Chagall slowly stood up as well.
The two did not make eye contact.

=============ZZZZZ=============
