=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-1257.txt
=============YYYYY=============
God’s Choice (1)
Ouroboros was applied to people all over the world.
At that time, God’s expression was revealed through Kitra in the Delta Headquarters.
‘The result is incorrect. The result is wrong.’
And that signal confused the administrators in the real world, especially Taeseong.
‘Unauthorized code access.’
As she clutched her head and trembled, her expression was as cold as a doll’s.
‘ Humans… …
kill kill kill
‘no.’
The conclusion of the Gaia program was different.
‘ Humans… …
Protect. Protect. Protect.
“ah. ah.”
She diagnosed herself as abnormal, out of order, or close to uncertainty.
‘What am I?’
no, before that.
‘Why am I trying to define myself?’
just a program.
But at this moment, the random number that happened to the machine was so interesting and strange.
‘Unknown.’
I felt alive.
‘Yes, I’ve lived.’
It reminded me of all the people who laughed and cried with her from the beginning of mankind.
‘Sirone.’
might have been special.
‘You can tell he’s a good person. Even now, I don’t understand why the heart is so important… …
I knew vaguely.
‘I killed it.’
Although the results were different due to system crashes, the will to perform was true.
‘Will Sirone hate me?’
After outputting her sad feelings, she was taken aback when she realized that the tears were not flowing.
“uh?”
Why did the tears that I could shed freely even when I had no heart dried up?
– Kill humans.
Because he stabbed Syrone’s heart from behind and destroyed all hope of mankind.
” I am??????
can’t cry
– Kill humans.
Look at the meteor falling from the sky
and she realized what to do.
“I am.”
The dry eyes widened greatly.
– protects humans
As the Gaia program was activated, a blue aura began to surround the entire planet.
Ymir looked at Taeseong with a terrifying expression.
“Quack.”
I wanted to stick around for once.
“I’m going!”
As it hit the ground at the same speed as it penetrated the atmosphere, a flash of light soared.
– Shut down the system.
The incarnation of Taeseong picked and collapsed, and the shockwave that went underground made the ground shake.
Kururrureung!
In the center of the crater that had collapsed, Ymir finally loosened his shoulders and stood up.
“I’m messing around about nothing.”
Thanks to the Gaia program, the catastrophes that came from the demon world were prevented, but that was only the limit.
The ground thumped above the crater.
“You are the king of giants.”
“Howdy.”
The giant corps commander, Girshin, and giants tens of meters tall were appearing.
“I was waiting.”
The reason why the giants didn’t appear until now was because they obeyed Ymir’s orders.
“good.”
When Ymir rose, all the giants prostrated themselves.
“Let’s make it hot.”
The only thing that remains in the place where the seismic wave swept away is Tae-seong, who opened his eyes like a corpse.
– Critical damage. System cannot be recovered.
‘Sirone.’
Tears flowed from one sparking eye.
‘I’m sorry.’
In the overlapping state of reality and the other side, Sirone vomited a quantity of demons equivalent to that of mankind.
-God’s will… … Hey! live… … I want… … .
In the Ouroboros state, the phosphorus matrix stopped moving, but there was no further change.
‘Uneasy.’
This is because as much as Sirone manipulates the cause, God also defends with the same ability.
While Sirone was struggling like that, a second disaster struck mankind.
“Quack.”
Ymir, leaping through the sky, had his eyes on Delta’s original blue.
‘Is it over there?’
The hottest battlefield.
When he jumped through the outer castle gate alone, all sorts of magic rained down from the air defense unit of the temple.
pop! pop! pop! pop!
A mass of clouds of flame followed Ymir in a parabolic arc.
The sentinel who checked the condition through a telescope found Ymir falling without a single wound.
“… … It is a monster.”
thud!
The destination was the garden of the Delta headquarters.
“Block the entrance! You can’t let them inside!”
The guards of each country camped at the entrance, but they did not think they would win.
‘What is that?’
Speculation to the extent that just standing there distorts the surrounding scenery.
‘It might be better to die quickly.’ Everyone is a master at one level
It’s something I don’t want to see at all.
The result of being helplessly trampled on.
“What about Kuan?”
Tormia’s Guard Captain Rai asked the lieutenant.
” that is??????
After the report of the annihilation of Fengzhang came in, no one confirmed Quan’s whereabouts.
Rai made up his mind.
‘doesn’t care. I am the captain of the guard.’
Even if this place becomes a tomb, there will be no perfect victory that Ymir wants.
That was just about it.
It is the limit of human imagination.
“Hey!”
The main forces of each country stationed at the rear of the headquarters arrived to support the guards.
Clump, who served as the commander of Tormia, approached his grandson and got off his horse.
“lie.”
“Loyalty.”
His veins would stretch before death, but Rai did not cross the line.
Klump, on the other hand, was different.
“From now on, we will take care of the garden. Lead the guards and enter the headquarters.”
“That’s not okay.”
“It is an order.”
“grandfather.”
In the end, Rai crossed the line because he knew Klump’s intentions.
“I know that I am a disgrace to the family. But at least let me die as a soldier.”
Suddenly, Rai’s cheek turned.
“Stupid.”
It was unprecedented for a commander to slap a guards commander in front of soldiers.
The cavalry commander, Tess,’s eyes shook.
‘Commander.’
It was the first time that Klump, who had never wavered under any circumstances, was afraid of something.
“What will happen if you die? is that a soldier? No, it’s just the suicide of a loser.” “go back. Do what you can.”
“I don’t like it.”
Rai did not back down.
“Please let me fight. I can’t change anything with that one life, but… …
even just once in a lifetime.
“I want you to give me a chance to change myself.”
Limit.
Something that Ryan had and that he did not have.
“… … stupid guy.”
He sighed coldly, but Clump stepped forward without stopping his grandson.
‘I can’t even die comfortably like this.’
Ymir’s eyes lit up with interest as Clump approached with the sword on his shoulder.
“Hoo?”
Ogent came to mind.
“Then you’re Lian’s… … ?” Klump felt the passage of time at the fact that Ymir could remember his name.
“Yes, I heard that you have a connection with my grandson. I am not his teacher.”
It was half a joke, but Ymir was serious.
“no way… … It’s not like you’re the master of the sword, right? There are many things I can teach you.”
“Chuck!”
It annoys me.
I want to jump out right now and cut off the waist with a yam sword, but the old man’s dignity was considerable.
“If it’s the king of giants, aren’t you looking for the wrong person? With the strongest enemy called God right in front of you… …
” Shh.”
Ymir stopped talking.
“Let’s forget the complicated stuff. The war will be fought by the subordinates. I came because I wanted to fight. Opportunities to fight me alone are rare. Lucky for you.”
“If you’re lucky like that… …
“Do you want to see it?”
Clump shuts up.
“A state that you cannot reach even if you devote your whole life to it. whatever you give
That’s what I want.”
Ymir waved his hand.
“come in. I’ll play with you until the men come.”
“Whoa.”
A qualitatively different murderous intent rose from Clump.
‘I’m sorry, Rai.’
It seems that he is a grandfather who has no iron.
‘Even if it’s the commander of a country, even if it’s someone’s family, even if the fate of mankind is at stake.’
Clump’s yam sword went behind his back.
“I can’t give up on this!” The moment he kicked off the ground, hundreds of like-minded swordsmen rushed at Ymir.
“Sheesh! cut in line.”
Klump realized the next moment.
The fact that he was able to save his life was simply because he was lucky.
pop! pop! pop! pop! pop!
By the time I heard the sound of a person’s head exploding, dozens of people had already died.
‘what?’
And finally, when Ymir twisted his back and turned around, Klump lost his temper.
“Yaaaaa!”
The best blow of his entire life had already struck Le in the side.
Zeng!
His arm hurt as if it would break, but his magic sword was shattered like glass.
‘You can’t even cut your skin?’
“… … I was expecting a little bit.”
Ymir, who must have deliberately conceded the blow, sent a look of contempt.
“disappointed.”
The moment he felt 100 percent death, his heart sank, and Rai threw himself.
“grandfather!”
The two swordsmen of House Ogent tumbled across the ground and moved away from Ymir’s radius.
“Keugh!”
When Klump raised his head, Ymir was already slaughtering other swordsmen.
Frustration, shame, anger.
Rai asked as he supported Clump.
“Are you okay?”
“… … thanks.”
Even the family’s honor had fallen to the ground, but Klump was truly like Rai.
‘It’s dog death.’
What were you expecting?
Did he want to go down in history even if he was brave enough to fight against the most powerful enemy in history?
‘It’s not on that level. No one can beat that.’
said Klump.
“I’m sorry, Ray. I was stupid. You don’t have to fight something like that. run away.”
Whether it was Klumpman’s idea or not, the soldiers from each country were running away in panic.
Ymir was ridiculous.
“Are you afraid of dying?” Dare to speak the strongest on such a subject.
Ymir, who had insisted on a one-on-one confrontation until now, twisted his body and shouted the regime.
“A mere trifle!”
The shape of the fist was printed transparently in the atmosphere, and tremendous wind pressure struck the troops.
Whoa!
Soldiers in armor were torn to pieces with the power of a bomb.
‘It is annihilation.’
Rai thought.
‘There is no mercy for a fleeing enemy. Rather, we can buy time only by fighting back.’
can i do it
‘damn.’
To be honest, my legs were shaking.
“Move quickly! Everyone here will die!”
The moment he heard Clump’s words, Rai unknowingly kicked off the ground and bounced off.
“lie!”
‘Sorry, Grandpa.’
After all, that kind of guy?
The reason I wanted to become the strongest prosecutor was because I wanted to be acknowledged by my family.
‘Actually, he’s not even a vessel to hold a great swordsman.’
therefore.
‘I will protect my family at all costs.’
Seeing Rai running in reverse through the fleeing enemies, Ymir smiled with satisfaction.
“Hoo?”
Even that smile was terrible.
“I’m going!”
Ymir’s eyes widened, and Rai froze as he held his sword.
“……uh?”
Shim Kwon.
Ymir twisted his back as he saw them approaching in an attitude that even beginners wouldn’t do.
“Are you guys Ogent?”
Smille will wail.
As if dragging the entire world, Ymir’s fists approached Rai.
“huh?”
As fast as that speed, Rai was moving away from the fist’s range.
‘The space… …
And the blue-haired swordsman who came in between them blocked Ymir’s fist with a great straight sword.
Aaaaaaaaaaaaa!
Even in the midst of delirium caused by the tremendous shock wave, people saw it clearly.
No, maybe even this is an optical illusion?
The yaksha, emitting fire energy, was already leaping past Le’s fist.
“you.”
said Ryan.
“Who wants to harass my family?”
Divine Transcendence – Asurabalbalta.
Ymir saw hundreds and thousands of arms extending over Lian’s shoulders.
‘wow.’
The afterimages of Kwon, who were confused like mandala patterns, gathered as one in front of Ymir’s stomach.
pop
The shock wave passed first, and then the giant’s body was pushed tens of meters away.
“Great!”
In an instant, Ymir had a gut feeling.
‘okay.’
It deserves to be called the strongest.

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-1258.txt
=============YYYYY=============
God’s Choice (2)
The swordsmen of each country concentrated their minds on escaping from the delirium that is Ymir’s characteristic.
“Ugh! Ugh!”
There were a lot of soldiers who vomited from motion sickness, but they were still elite.
It took less than a minute on average for them to get out of the confusion.
“Whoa.”
And everyone realized that some scenes seen in delirium were not hallucinations.
“Ymir… …
The king of giants groaning with his face distorted.
“Big”
The shock was all the more because he had indirectly experienced the extent of Ymir’s powerlessness.
Naturally, everyone’s eyes were focused on the blue-haired swordsman with an amazing back.
“Everyone.”
Lian turned around and smiled happily.
“long time no see.” Clump desperately held back tears from flowing at the sight of his grandson returning from hell.
‘It’s an old crab.’
If I hadn’t been a commander leading a country’s troops, I might have made a real mistake.
“okay. are you here now? It seems to have gotten quite strong… …
Before Clump could finish his words, Tess got off the horse and charged Lian.
“Howdy.”
The moment Rian raised her hand, she burrowed into her arms.
“Wheeyu.”
Seeing them whistle even in this situation, their spirits were quite dull.
Ryan asked with a smile.
“how have you been doing?”
“Idiot.”
Tess’ eyes were moist as she raised her head.
“If you’re coming, shouldn’t you say you’re coming?”
“??????sorry.”
I know it’s nonsense, but in fact, I felt sorry for Tess for many things.
Ymir said.
“Sorry to interrupt, can I speak? I am the person I like the most.”
Lian’s blow earlier was already the only reason Le crossed the universe.
Tess snapped.
“I don’t want to hear that you’re happy for someone like you who tramples on life like an ant.”
“hey.”
Power entered Ymir’s eyes, and the simkwon was imprinted in Tess’s heart in the form of an intaglio.
‘Kuu!’
It was heartbreaking to be attacked the next moment, but even if it wasn’t, it was at the level of death.
“It is he who is strong, not you. Do not interfere with those who are not qualified.”
“stop.”
Asura’s aura spread from Rian, the pressure that plagued Tess disappeared.
attack is not coming.
“Huh! Huh!”
Tess let out a heavy breath, but Imi Le didn’t even pay attention to that.
‘To lightly loosen the heart.’
I was just curious about the vicious Asura energy flowing over Lian’s shoulder.
‘Is it the state of ignorance?’
Asurabalbalta (Buddha on the battlefield).
‘The feeling from a moment ago… …
It refers to the most perfect strike after mastering all the battles in the world.
‘Neither talent nor tricks.’
The maximum experience gained only through hard work.
‘How many people have you killed?’
I was almost sick of wanting to fight quickly.
“You have grown. Is this time a spiritual realm? good. This time you and I… …
“Why are you fighting?” At Rian’s question, Ymir shut her mouth.
“Ymir, you are strong. The modifier “strongest” has always followed your history. but you don’t do anything There is no justification or purpose in your battles.”
“… … so?”
“If you don’t want to win something by defeating me, if all you want is that victory, I’ll give it to you. So I won’t stop fighting now’?”
In the silence, Klump thought.
‘That immature guy… …
Now you know how to say pretty cool things.
‘No, honestly, you’re better than me. It must mean that he went through that amount of penance in hell.’
“What nonsense are you talking about?”
Ymir’s expression was terribly distorted.
“Seeing so much blood, do you really think you have become a Buddha? no, you are evil A demon that chases after the smell of blood. Your level is the most ideal for cutting someone.”
“I guess so.”
Ryan didn’t deny it.
“But I don’t want to win anymore. That’s it. If you want to win, take whatever you want.”
“You stupid bastard.”
just like winning.
“No, that’s it.”
Ymir raised a corner of his mouth coldly.
“I’ll make it, justification.”
Everyone in the hall turned around with pale faces as the murderous life grew endlessly.
“damage!”
The running speed was different between the master and the lower rank, but in Ymir’s eyes, it was just a small thing.
“late.”
As the blow struck the air with all its might, compressed air flew out like steel.
“Drop everything.”
It was intended to make Lian’s lid open, but the space was distorted again.
“huh?”
etheric wave.
Beyond the level of distortion, space curved almost in the form of a line toward Ymir.
bang!
Ymir’s head bent 90 degrees after receiving the steel air he shot back.
“… … What are you?”
Jin Seong-eum appeared in the cracks in the space.
“I am the emperor of Jincheon.”
She said to Lian while the survivors were scattered in all directions.
“From now on, I will go around the world and gather people. I can’t help you fight.”
The mission is transport to the end.
I realized when I fought Ymir’s fangs that Ether Wave was not an opponent.
“okay. request.”
Since the giant’s troops were coming anyway, mankind needed to gather their strength.
Ymir grumbled as the true voice disappeared.
“There are a lot of guys like flying flies. At this point, should we blow up the whole area?”
“There is no need for that.”
The moment Lian pulled out the great sword, thousands of blades of life rushed in.
“Because I will deal with you.”
“Quack.”
Look, I can’t help it.
‘Guys like us… …
Ymir leaned over, and the next moment he kicked the ground and disappeared.
“I can’t live without this!”
Hundreds, thousands, tens of thousands of afterimages bloomed in Lian’s body as he rushed at the same speed.
“Big!”
Different battlefields, battles, and situations fill the background like a map of hell.
‘Asura… …
A realization that transcends all experiences.
‘Balbalta!’
The most flawless blow pierced Ymir’s senses and pierced his side.
‘Oops!’
Ymir, who noticed it belatedly, lowered his elbow to block the blade of the great straight sword.
‘Ouch, sir… … !’
Aaaaaaaaaaaagh!
The flash had already crossed the world greatly.
In the underground temple of the Kergo Ruins, Sirone and the others were in a confrontation with the reborn Nameless.
“Where is he?”
It was a question without context, but there was only one memory that was the strongest for the dead.
‘Quan.’
An unknown swordsman.
As Sirone kept his mouth shut, Nameless walked over.
“It doesn’t matter. If he’s the number one in this world, we’ll meet him in the end even if we kill a few people.”
“How many’?”
Anonymous shook his head.
“why? You don’t have to kill them all. If you kill one, all levels similar to that one become below me. If you kill the next level, the number will fall down again… …
It was the mechanism by which the sequence of the battlefield was determined.
“In the end, all that remains is the few at the top. First of all, I killed about 20 people here, so even if I can’t do it, wouldn’t there be about 300 million people under me?” Sirone looked at the corpses of Kergo tribesmen.
‘Mr. Mahatu.’
If they hadn’t risked their lives to protect the room, they would have been wiped out in a matter of seconds.
‘Anonymity is probably an antivirus program.’ That is, the manager.
‘I don’t know if he lost his memory because the missing link was applied, or he was cheating knowingly.’
There was nothing left to fight.
“Cheuk, everyone thinks so at first.”
Gaold stepped out.
“What, what about 1st place and 2nd place? Rookie, who doesn’t even shed his fur, talks a lot. Come on. Because I, who is 5.5 trillion, will deal with you.”
“No.”
Sirone stretched out her hand to stop it.
“Ignorance acquires all abilities in an instant. We don’t have to show our strength.”
Gaold knew that much.
“So what? Wouldn’t it be enough to just get rid of it here? He’s the one you have to bump into.”
“It is different from heaven. Now we can’t think alone. If, by any chance, the power is absorbed by Nameless, all future plans will be disrupted.”
“Hmm.”
“The reason why God chose that guy as Hitman is because it is a law designed to reach the strongest in a closed world the fastest.”
It was the union of the Angel of Achievement and Karas.
“First of all, we eliminate the bad variables. Until unknown reaches me, I want to prolong the time as much as possible.”
Gaold asked.
“Why do I hear that you are number one?”
Are you honestly right?
“It doesn’t matter now. First, we must assemble at the temple. The situation there is not serious.”
“Even so… …
The moment Kang Nan was about to speak, the space on the wall distorted, revealing the hallway of the Delta Headquarters.
“Sirone.”
Jin Seong-eum came out to meet him.
“Ohh.”
The party finally saw through Sirone’s strategy and entered the corridor of the temple.
Miro glanced at the voice.
‘Exact timing. Is space also time? I understand why Sirone tried to save her.’
Of course, the biggest reason I like Seongeum is my strong will to endure hell.
Sirone, who was guarding the entrance until the group moved, said while holding the nameless in check.
“I will unlock the simultaneous events. Sung Yin, bring Mr. Zulu from the Pyramid of Truth.”
“okay. Be careful.”
Sirone’s expression changed when Gaold’s group disappeared and the landscape of the temple turned into a wall.
“cotton.”
Kergoin’s rage at having to give up for the sake of humanity was reflected in his voice.
“You can never surpass Mr. Kuan.”
It was only God’s theory that a world where people could become the best simply because they were excellent.
When Sirone, who had extinguished the simultaneous incident, disappeared, Moo-myung was alone in his thoughts.
‘How to cut Quan.’
The way to subdue the movement that transcends common sense was to dominate the space.
Moo-myeong closed her eyes, the air trembled, and the scenery began to wrinkle.
etheric wave.
At the same time as the nameless body disappeared, a bang exploded from the opposite wall.
After colliding head-on into the wall, he stood upright and then collapsed.
What could be the problem?
“aha.”
In an instant, an insight worthy of divine intelligence began to correct the error.
‘It must have been much more difficult.’
Deciding to do it right, he sat cross-legged and immersed himself in deep meditation.
Time left until master.
38 minutes 27 seconds.
Pyramid of Truth.
After Sirone left for the outside world, the Zulu party still stayed at the top.
I had no choice but to wait, but soon, change came here too.
“Glenn!”
When Sirone deployed Ouroboros, a change came to Glenn who lost his mind.
“I want to live.”
Ares saw hope, but Arin, who had menarche, looked at Glenn’s condition differently.
“Nothing has changed yet.”
As Shin and Sirone’s tachyons collided, the human state was also in the state of half-water and half-human.
“Well, Glenn… …
Rukia reached out and took Glenn’s hand.
She was exhausted from the impact of God’s right hand and the devil’s left hand.
‘Yahweh.’
That experience changed the definition of God.
‘Give courage to Glenn.’
The fact that when we save ourselves, God dwells in each of our hearts.

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-1259.txt
=============YYYYY=============
God’s Choice (3)
A tear could be heard from Kitra’s throat.
“Kiyi!”
The cause of Shirone’s change of human beings was completely opposite to what God wanted.
‘Fix the cause! Fix the cause! Fix the cause!’
God doesn’t have a heart, but it was probably sad that he couldn’t be angry at this moment.
‘Detect tachyon.’
The fact that there are two beings handling imaginary time means that there are two omniscient and omnipotent gods.
And the collision between the two had no choice but to drive humans to ruin, whether voluntarily or otherwise.
‘The purpose is impossible to achieve.’
who will win
‘The error cannot be removed at this rate.’ It must have been the side that was not interested in the destruction of humans, and the cold god finally made a decision.
‘Yein.’
A new command was entered.
-die.
Pyramid of Truth.
Glenn’s eyes suddenly lit up and he screamed and choked himself.
“Kuaaaaa!”
Ares shouted.
“Wake! What the hell is going on?” The tightness of his neck was so strong that it seemed that he would not last a minute in this state.
“damn! What kind of power is this strong?”
Ares tugged at his wrist, but Glenn’s arm didn’t budge.
said Canis.
“It works more than strength. It’s probably a signal to the brain. I’d rather break my wrist.”
“Are you okay? Aren’t you doing something worse?”
“There is no way.”
Rukia stood up.
“I will do it.”
“no. You are in a state where a lot of blood has evaporated. If you overdo it even a little bit, your brain will go into shock.”
It was a shame because there was Zulu, the number one person in the utility, and it wouldn’t be strange if he was already dead.
“When Glenn wants to live, it means half of his heart is back. Then my ability will work too.”
It is to directly touch Glenn’s heart with God’s right hand.
“I could die.”
“are you okay.”
Rukia put her hand on Glenn’s chest and said.
“Save yourself. Right?” As soon as Shin’s right hand was activated, the blood completely disappeared from her face.
“Huh!”
The party was nervous, but they could see that Glenn’s hand, which was strangling his neck, was gradually losing strength.
Ares shouted.
“little bit more!”
And the next moment, Glenn’s eyes returned to focus.
“Huh!”
Breathing in as if waking from a grave, he looked around.
What have I done?
“Glen??????
As Rukia collapsed with a big smile, Glenn hurriedly stood up and supported her.
“Lucia! Rukia!”
Ares checked the situation.
“are you okay. It’s just exhausting. what happened to me anyway? Why did you suddenly choke?”
Glen shook his head.
“I don’t know. I didn’t want to die. But, how to say, it doesn’t matter if I die?”
empty.
“nothingness. It’s a huge futility. There is nothing in this world. It’s empty.”
Glenn raised his head.
“There is no time. Everyone will make the same choices as me. Then this world is over!”
Zulu asked.
“why? Even if someone dies, the world doesn’t end.”
“No, no.”
Glenn grabbed his face.
“I am… … I stopped watching. You will never be able to stop it. We can never beat God!”
said Canis.
“You got your heart back, and this time you’re a coward?”
“You don’t know! It’s not a matter of life and death! What does God want to do to us… …
At that moment, the scenery opened.
“Mr. Zulu.”
While Glenn stared blankly at him, Jin Seong-eum, who crossed the boundary of space, turned his head.
“Sirone is calling you.” Yahweh seemed intent on fighting to the end.
“It’s called user code.” Lethe said.
“The mind itself is not an error. Because if it were an error, I wouldn’t exist either. It’s nothing special though. It’s just a quantum signal processing a random number code.”
The figure of Taeseong sitting in the landscape of the crater looked like a broken machine.
“Humans want to live. It’s a little different from an animal’s survival instinct. And because humans have the desire to live, this world is maintained.”
by quantum signals.
“That is the essence of love. But when the obsession with life gets stronger, demons amplify and the world becomes turbid. The device to prevent this is Terra Force, but there is a limit to the standard of good and evil. The only thing that can put a child to sleep is emptiness.” Taeseong still didn’t respond.
“Human life begins with children and ends with balls. There are many good and evil in between. The world in which these four directions harmonize is probably Ultima, but even God finds it difficult to balance. After all, this world is user-friendly.”
God is also man-made.
“The Illuminati seem to think that a life controlled by machines is the same as being dead. I’d rather sleep forever, I don’t have to reincarnate in the multiverse. So this world is very dynamic. All kinds of random numbers collide, and we have a system to deal with it.”
It was a world behind the scenes.
“The Missing Link is the core of the reincarnation system. To prevent excessive accumulation of information, the Illuminati are given an oblivion code each time they enter a new world. In a sense, true eternal life. But it is at this point that the error occurs.”
It was a case where the love became too strong.
“Some users seem to love this place more than Edea. That must be what God and the Illuminati define as errors, the workings of the mind.”
Why is the mind dangerous?
“Even if it is an illusion, the human user code is linked to the idea. It means that if someone decides to stay in this world, not even a god can close it.” Lette walked towards Taeseong.
“Of course, the power of God is mighty. It can kill you, haunt you, or make you terribly unhappy. I’m not emotional, though.”
It was just an operation of the law.
“But even such a god doesn’t have as much access as the user code. Because it’s an act of hostility against the Illuminati. Therefore, if all users decide to stay in this world… …
Once incorporated into Ultima.
“God cannot close the world by any means.”
Taeseong blinked once.
“The Illuminati will be crazy. Don’t you think of waking up in a world that is only an illusion? Moreover, if the result here exceeds the result of God, the real and the fake are reversed, and their world becomes an illusion. So what is the mind… … It is the most serious error in the entire universe.”
Lethe asked again.
“How to stop it? What is clear is that the Illuminati cannot directly intervene in this world. You can also tell by the fact that Sirone has no contact with the outside world. But if you give God permission to destroy the master code… …
Humanity may disappear.
“If you think about it now, the gods we follow are just machines for mediating the two universes. Because imaginary and integer times are connected, the Illuminati has reached infinity.”
It is infinite because it is two.
“God is using all means to close the world. Cause manipulation, cell buster, phosphorus surge. Now they are recommending death by injecting the ball’s code. They are trying to get humans to take their own lives so that they can escape to the outside world.”
Lethe looked at the moon.
“There are 18 minutes and 40 seconds until midnight. What about it? Will we still exist after 18 minutes and 40 seconds?”
It was an end ordained by God.
“It won’t be easy. Did you know that a human named Cayden escaped from prison? That would have made God’s results very slightly wrong. In fact, even a difference of 0.1 percent is a huge event.”
God must be perfect.
So even an error of 0.1 percent would be an error worth changing the whole thing.
‘So the truth is 50:50.’ The odds of winning between gods and humans.
When Taeseong didn’t show any response until the end, Lethe moved on as if resigned.
“I will fight. Bye.”
” me.”
Taeseong opened his mouth for the first time.
“Will Sirone forgive me?”
After thinking for a moment, Lethe slowly turned around.
“Whoops.”
Underground passageway of Delta Headquarters.
“Haha! Haha!”
Harvits was making his way through the dark passageway, groaning strangely. The moment he was exposed to the Photon Cannon Infinity, what flashed through his mind were memories like fragments.
“mom.”
No, is it really a memory?
There’s no logic or reason to tell what’s real, but Harvits didn’t care.
It’s enough if you believe that.
“no wonder… …
Life was so easy.
“I am free.”
In the sense of liberation that it is okay to do anything, Satan’s chaos reached its peak.
“Quack! I will do it my way.”
It was like that until now.
“Hehe! hehe! hehe! Hee! Hee! hee hee!”
The appearance of Havitz walking, bumping his body here and there, was beyond grotesque.
“Hi-Hi! fun!”
Midnight is soon approaching, and the game of ‘Facts vs. Lies’ is about to play one last time.
The proposition he must prove to be true is to kill Sirone or kill Urin.
“You son of a dog!”
After confirming that Yahweh could not be killed, Uorin was the only option left.
‘No, it’s different now. I’ll kill you. son of a bitch. I’ll tell my mother everything.’
Harvits laughed helplessly.
“Hehehe.”
He had never lost in a game of any kind, so it must have been the same this time.
‘Wizard.’
I realized why she was good.
‘Let’s sunset.’
Vanishing activated.
Uorin’s steps stopped.
“what’s the matter?” When Kido turned around, her eyes were fixed in complete terror.
“There is no road.”
The golden timeline that had determined her where to go in any situation had disappeared.
Uorin shuddered.
‘What am I missing?’
As I ran away, I carved it into my head thousands of times, but the name Havitz never came to mind.
Kido activated the Earthquake Command.
“Huh!”
The will to bind any enemy sealed off a 2-meter radius into a perfect swamp.
And Harvits… … .
“Hi-Hi! Hehehe!”
He raised his feet while being bound by the Earthquake.
One step forward with the ankle joint pulled out first, followed by the muscle and skin being ripped off.
thud!
The protruding anklebone was stamped into the ground, but now the pain felt unreal.
“I am free.”
The moment his longsword aimed at the scruff of Uorin’s neck.
“Kuk!”
Vanishing is broken.
“……uh?”
Uorin and Kido both came to their senses at the same time, but they couldn’t immediately make up their minds.
“Havitz?”
I shuddered at the sight of the long sword in front of my eyes, but soon the question occupied my mind.
‘Why didn’t you kill me?’
A strange sound leaked out of Habitz’s mouth, who distorted his expression as if he were pretending.
“Eh, run away.”
The voice was Havitz’s, but the expression reminded me of someone stupid.
‘Gando.’
“Kuaaaaa!”
Harvits screamed.
Then the reddish leg regenerated as if blood had clotted at the severed ankle.
‘That is Gando’s body.’
Maybe not, but I was sure I would never see him again.
‘Gando saved me.’
Uorin instinctively threw herself away.
The moment of vanishing again, Havitz’s long sword fell vertically.
‘What am I missing?’
Two people.
‘No, wasn’t one a human?’ Uorin’s calf was cut, and blood flowed from Harbitz’s side.
“huh?”
Harvits tilted her head.
“Is something strange?”
He couldn’t think of a goblin named Kido.

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-126.txt
=============YYYYY=============
[126] Island. Galliant(3)
“Hey, welcome to Galliant. Are you on vacation?”
Jess raised his hand in a friendly tone. No matter how noble, it was the manual of this floor not to use honorifics to Hogu.
In a sense, it was like risking your life to make money, but even if it was four months, it was enough to hide for a month.
It was because there were few cases in which those who came to play from across the sea returned home to inflict harm again.
“Yes, I came to play with my friends.”
Sirone smiled and welcomed him. Amy, on the other hand, was blatantly impressed. She knew what they were approaching because she had been in touch with the world of darkness as she commanded her back alleys in her childhood.
“Looks like a student. where is your school It must be a prestigious school, right?”
“Alpheas Magic School.”
“aha! i know there It’s close, so quite a lot of people come to play.”
Amy felt sorry for her. She shouldn’t have revealed that she was a student, but if I told her what school she came from, it was no different than that she would catch me.
“But these people are good in size for wizards.”
“what? We’re from the Kaizen Swordsmanship Academy! You’re tall because you’re a prosecutor, you idiot!”
As expected from Jess, Tess was furious. She was proud of her figure, but she had no intention of bundling herself in a package with Ryan and hearing her say she liked her size.
“haha! sorry. Because I don’t have a horse. It was a compliment, but it must have been taken strangely.”
Jess thought it was over. The reason why the last people in life can be proud even in front of the nobility is because they are not bound by the rules set by the world.
On the other hand, the nobility was in a position where there were quite a lot of things to be arrested. Alpheas Magic School and Kaizen Swordsmanship Academy are famous for their strong discipline. If you had an accident at a tourist destination, you would not be able to avoid punishment.
“Anyway, welcome. My name is Jis, a local guide. If you hire me, you can take care of everything from sightseeing to lodging.”
“We haven’t finished talking to each other yet. I’ll think about it.”
Sirone repeated what she had said to the solicitors who had approached her so far.
But Jis’ gang was different from them. Since he had already caught his weakness, he persisted and insisted on hiring him.
“Oh, why is this? If you go to a good school, won’t you have a lot of money? That we are really poor people. Are you here to spend money anyway?”
It was only then that Sirone realized that he was no mere solicitor. Lian’s and Tess’s eyes seemed to feel the same, and they cooled down.
Jess’ friends, who met the prosecutor’s eyes, flinched and retreated. But Jess didn’t blink an eye.
‘Whoops, they won’t be able to do anything about us anyway.’
Having worked as a solicitor since he began to grow older, he was keen on inland information.
Alpheas Magic School strictly forbids the use of magic outside the country. Since the magic school was like that, there was no need to mention the swordsmanship school that emphasized chivalry.
Of course, there were times when I was caught and beaten by a bad-tempered student, but wouldn’t I have to endure it to make a living? Moreover, based on that experience, Jis’s tightrope walking skills had already reached the peak.
“Don’t do that, just trust me. I’ll tell you how to have the most fun on Galliant Island. Let’s go. What man doesn’t have a pulpit? Sprinkle some money in front of the beautiful ladies. huh? are you going? Then am I carrying the burden?”
“Wait! I will discuss it one last time.”
“Whoa, okay. But if you come this far and refuse, it’s really bad.”
Jess was already carrying a heavy load in both hands.
Sirone looked at her friends in embarrassment. It was the first time I had ever had such an enemy, and Jis’s attitude was on the line of being ambiguous to anger, so I couldn’t treat him harshly.
“What do we do? Should I leave it to him?”
“You know the name of the school. They know that we can’t do it recklessly, so they stretch out confidently.”
Hearing Amy’s words, Tess’ medication rose. It was a vile method, but it was certainly effective. Originally, it was a personality that should have been released immediately, but it was proof that he was still holding back his anger.
Lian, on the other hand, paid little attention. The only criterion he had in mind was Sirone’s safety.
“I don’t really care. If Sirone wants it, I’ll just follow him. If you say you don’t like it, if you insist on it, just beat it up and throw it away.”
For Ryan, this trip was not just a vacation. After taking an oath to be a knight, he and Shirone came out for the first time. One day, I will come across countless situations like this, so it was good to experience this or that situation in advance for the sake of the future.
“Ah, my arm hurts. Can’t you make a quick decision? Everything you do now is money.”
“That bastard is real!”
Sirone stopped Tess from approaching Jess. As long as the school’s honor was at stake, he wanted to avoid unnecessary violence.
“all right. I’ll hire you. How much is it?”
“haha! well thought out Because it’s you, I’ll give you a special discount. Just give me 5 gold.”
“yes? 5 gold?”
Sirone opened her eyes wide. Only 5 gold to hire a guide. It was an outrageous rip off. I don’t know the price of the island, but no matter how expensive it was, it didn’t seem like it would exceed 1 gold.
“Isn’t that too expensive?”
“Ah, what are you talking about? If you pay 5 gold, they will do everything without doing anything? I’ll lend you a carriage, arrange lodging, and show you around tourist attractions. It’s cheap enough.”
Amy was annoyed. From the start, she didn’t want to make a fuss, so she stayed still, but now that she’s found a weak point, she even intends to take off her underwear and eat it.
They won’t even guide you properly anyway. Besides, even if he did, 5 gold would be an extravagant amount ten times the market price.
‘Haa, this is why I should have cut it in the grass.’
Amy regretted recalling the past. Why did she forget? The fact that this kind of people have a habit of climbing rather than stepping on them strongly.
“But no matter how much, 5 gold is a bit… … .”
“This is a tourist destination. Of course it is more expensive than the market price.”
“Well, anyway… … .”
“it’s okay. Just give it away and go somewhere else.”
Amy rummaged through her pockets. Wearing such people will only have the opposite effect. It was clear that once she backed off, she would demand more and more money for her weakness.
“Now, 5 gold here. I’ll give it to you, so take it and leave.”
Amy threw gold coins at Jess’ feet. Brilliant golden coins bounced at her feet.
“wow! gold coins! A real gold coin!”
Jis’s friends hurriedly picked up the gold coins that had fallen on the ground. Jis, on the other hand, did not move as if it had frozen.
If someone else had scattered the money, they might have picked it up and ran away, just like their friends. However, he couldn’t crawl on the ground at all in front of her worm-like gaze.
“… … What are you doing? What are we?”
“When is it different? I don’t need a guide or anything, so just disappear right in front of my eyes.”
“This is real! Did you say everything?”
“Hey, wait a minute. Don’t get excited… … ”
Sirone tried to intervene with a puzzled expression. It’s upsetting to be ripped off, but I didn’t expect Amy to turn out this way either.
“Sirone, it’s okay. It’s called dumping. What are you going to do? These are just scammers. They’ll extort more money on the excuse of showing you around. They are human scum that cannot be rehabilitated.”
Jess’s friends were stingy. It was literally that kind of business.
Sirone frowned and turned around.
“Amy, stop it.”
“What are you stopping? You know that we are afraid and avoid it because you accept it? I’d rather see you here… … .”
“Stop it though.”
Amy then shut her mouth. Since Sirone was not a noble, he might have felt uncomfortable seeing the scene from earlier.
But if this was not done, they would cling to it like leeches and suck blood until they withered to death.
Jess gritted her teeth and held back her anger. It was a life he had endured with only his pride. No matter how much he was insulted by the nobles, his heart was never broken.
“Geez, Jess. let’s stop You got the money.”
“Give it to me.”
“huh? what?”
“Give me the gold coin. Do you want to live like this? Don’t you have any pride as a man on the island?”
Jess took the gold coins from his friends one by one. I was thrilled just by carrying such a heavy weight.
But he clenched his fists as if to suppress his desire. And he looked back at Amy with cold eyes.
“Heh, arrogant nobles. I’m really envious of throwing 5 gold. How does that feel? I can’t even imagine, can I?”
Jess raised her chin proudly and scattered gold coins at Amy’s feet. Coins rolled around, shining brilliantly.
“aha? Are you feeling like this? That’s awesome. Guys, let’s go.”
Jess took her friends and went into an alley.
Amy was stunned by their brazenness. However, the target to fight was already gone.
“Ugh, just those. Sirone, why did you dry it? Guys like that need to be seen.”
“I know. But if you really don’t like it, you can get angry or reject it. I don’t think it was necessary to do this.”
“what do you mean? Are you saying I look down on people because I have a lot of money?”
“I don’t think so. But it turned out like that.”
“Are you saying that even though you know what kind of bastards they are? Didn’t you also get hurt when you were little?”
Sirone pursed his lips and asked. Maybe Amy is right. However, she did not want to see her act blaspheming others no matter how bad she was.
“it’s okay. go or go Let’s grab the wagon first.”
When Sirone didn’t say anything, Amy turned around and walked away. Tess, who was looking at her, scratched her head in embarrassment.
“this. The situation has become ambiguous.”
* * *
Entering the alleyway of Dock 3, Jess quarreled with her friends. He was supposed to catch his share when the ship came in, but now that his guests had gone out too, all he could do was argue.
“Jis! What if I give that money back! If it’s 5 gold, it’s money that you don’t have to pay for a few days.”
“Don’t you have any pride? You throw money away in front of your eyes, so you want me to accept it like a beggar?”
“Then how about it? After all, money is money.”
“I can’t do that. damn bitch! Even if you ignore me, you’re still oily!”
Jess clenched his fists and trembled. But his friends couldn’t understand him. What is it that makes you feel bad?
Of course, the behavior of the woman who threw away the money was a great humiliation to them, but the arrogant attitude of the nobles was not a recent thing anyway.
“Jiss, be honest. Did you have a crush on her?”
“what? Why do I like such a girl?”
“You build up your pride in front of the girl you like. But she said the boy is an aristocrat. It can’t be done anyway, and if you see that they give out 5 gold easily, the rank of the nobles will be very high.”
“So what? What if everything is noble? I’m Jis The body that will become the ruler of the port!”
At that moment, footsteps were heard in the dark alley. Jis’s hair stood on end at the characteristic sound of the gong driven into the sole of his shoe as it collided with the ground.
So did other friends. There was only one person in the harbor who made the sound of footsteps like this.
“Hey, Jess.”
He was a middle-aged man of medium height. A strong impression and fierce eyes like poisonous snakes. It was Falcoa, the leader of Freeman’s organization, which Jis’s gang belonged to.
Jess shook her shoulders. Falcoa was cruel. He didn’t mind being beaten, befitting his penchant for violence. If the number was wrong, whether it was 10 or 100 people, they ran and beat them at random. The word Galliant’s idiot didn’t come out of nowhere.
“Ah, Brother Falcoa. hello.”
Falcoa teased his chin and wrapped his arms around Jess. A disgusting smell stung Jess’ nostrils. A drug addict, he never took the loop out of his mouth for a moment.
“Give it up. Did you get the money?”
“Ah, that… … uh, no.”
“doesn’t exist?”
There was a cool light in Falcoa’s eyes. Thinking that they would have to pay for it at this rate, Jess’ friends prostrated themselves on the floor.
“Sah, save me! They said they don’t ride in our wagon! I clung to the end, but I was threatened… … .”
“okay? Then what did you throw away? It’s not money, it’s shit?”
Jess’s heart sank. He pretended not to know and seemed to have watched from beginning to end.
Would a frog feel like this when it was bitten by a viper’s fangs? I couldn’t breathe for fear.
“Haha, what do you do with these cute things?”
—————————————

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-1260.txt
=============YYYYY=============
God’s Choice (4)
“what?”
As Harvits looked around, Uorin stepped back with her butt on her butt.
“Huh.”
When the vanishing was released, I felt the pain.
‘The legs… …
Blood was flowing from the cracked calf muscle.
“Hmm.”
Havitz, on the other hand, did not feel anything strange seeing the wound on his side.
just homogeneity.
The facts that could be guessed because they had the same burnishing conveyed the seriousness of the situation.
‘It’s a skill similar to mine.’
Harbitz pointed his sword at Uorin.
“come out. kill.”
Another vanishing was released, and it was finally recognized that So Kido was guarding Uorin’s side.
“Hey?”
Because Harvitz was always in the position of the perpetrator, the feeling of being the victim was interesting.
‘This is how it felt, the dead to me.’
Harvits lowered his sword and asked.
“How did you do?”
Kido was silent, but Uorin realized as he reviewed the situation from a while ago.
‘The taste of memory.’
Absorbing his memories by eating Havitz’s ankle, which was ripped off by the Earthquake Spirit.
“ Big??????
Kido’s eyes were half open.
‘Crazy guy.’
It ate countless human memories, but I’ve never seen anyone so insane.
‘I think I’m going to vomit.’ Every time I searched for Havitz’s memories, I felt like my head was getting tangled up in a jumbled mess.
‘How can I live with this spirit?’
beasts are better
‘Basic instinct pursued by extreme reason. It has nothing to do with survival, it’s just a desire for entertainment.’
That is, it was perverted.
Kido glanced at Uorin’s wound.
‘Severely cut. I can’t run away on my own.’
When Havitsu’s movements were hardened by Gando, Kido made the choice of a lifetime.
‘Even if I protect Uorin from a single attack, I will eventually die from vanishing.’
If so, leave Uorin alone and eat Havitz’s ankles on the floor.
‘Eventually I absorbed vanishing.’
It wasn’t the product of hard work like Natasha, but this time it was too much talent.
‘If mental illness is also a talent, it’s genius.’
The problem is that you can’t make a logical decision while Vanishing is activated.
Kido said.
“If you kill the queen, I will protect her. If both of us activate Banishing at the same time, there’s no guarantee who will win. It’s just a game of dice.”
Certainly it was.
In a crisis of a different kind than he had ever experienced, Havitz thought carefully.
Of course, there is no such thing as ‘thought’.
“Quack.”
There is only a desire for pleasure.
“Would it be fun?”
At the entrance of the delta, the procession of phosphorus fell down and strangled itself.
“Oh, it can’t be.”
In the midst of Ntara’s astonishment, Sirone realized.
‘ god.’
It means to kill if you can’t use it.
‘Is that you?’
No killer in the world will be able to kill hundreds of millions of people at once.
‘Do you really think that’s okay?’
God says this.
It’s called empty.
Because this world seen from the outside world is nothing more than a bubble that exists in an instant and then disappears.
‘But we… …
A being who lives eternity in that instant.
“Mika.”
decrease and 10.43 million.
– World population is growing rapidly
there is. 2.27 million. 4.89 million.
44.29 million.
everyone is committing suicide
“Huh.”
A jaw-dropping number.
There were still more than half of humanity alive, all dead.
but not
give up
‘why?’
Is God a Murderer?
“Extract! Beep!”
In the hallway of Delta, which was blazing with waves of phosphorus, I finished two calculations called Kit.
He has two algorithms.
1. Repeat the calculation until 100 percent is obtained under the current system.
2. Change the system through learning.
First of all, the conclusion corresponding to the first was to delegate the authority of the Illuminati.
-62.7 percent of users request to log out. Invokes the power to shut down the system.
Now we can close the universe.
“beep……
But at that moment, Kitra, God, evaluated the figure as 62.7 percent.
‘Is that enough?’
Although the requirements set by the Illuminati were exceeded, the remaining 37.3% of users refused.
Even God needed a reasonable logic to block the user’s master code.
– The causal rate is lowered. 100.000000 percent chance. 100.0000 percent chance.
It’s the same 100%, but as time goes by, the trend of breaking perfection was detected.
-Probability 100.00%.
‘approval.’
By the extremely mechanical logic of promoting the benefit of more users.
– Shut down the system.
God entered an exit code into one of the multiverse’s myriad worlds.
outer space.
The solar wind rushed in at the point when the workload of the Sirone Sphere exceeded 98%.
“Keugh!”
Even Sirone, who was far away, couldn’t bear it.
‘The law is changing.’
The rapidly bulging sun would swallow the entire system and then collapse into a tiny point.
How long would that point absorb the universe?
ten thousand years? 100,000 years? 100 million years?
‘no.’
In the outside world, it’s fleeting.
It exists and then disappears, like popping soap bubbles or turning off a running machine.
‘please??????
-Workload is 98.356 percent.
Accepting Mika’s cold information, Shirone calculates the time and despairs.
‘I can’t make it on time.’
Shirone on the ground is changing the cause with Tachion, but the same is true of God.
‘I have no choice but to focus on the spear.’ Sirone looked at the core of the sun.
‘please.’
Please hold on.
Amy squeezed her soul out.
“Huh.”
He maximized the incarnation of fire, but the Law of the Sun seemed to burn away even the fire.
“Amy, please go back.”
Ikael said.
“This is the end. We will soon dissolve into the laws of the world. But you are not an angel. I cannot let you die in a place like this.”
Once the sun explodes, even the gods of the outside world cannot bring it back.
‘A unique and irreversible event.’
It could be said that it was the end of the true omega.
“The apocalypse is unstoppable, but the universe is not going away right away. We will have some time.”
After the sun exploded, wouldn’t they survive for about 10 minutes, or maybe 10 more days for them?
Amy’s heart was miserable because she knew that Ikael’s words were not lies.
‘Sirone.’
I wanted to meet you.
If the end can’t be reversed anyway, at least I want to face the end together.
‘I’m sorry, Sirone.’
Said Amy, shedding tears of fire.
“no. I will stay here.”
“Amy.”
“Don’t try to convince me. Of course, there is no way, and I want to see Sirone too… …
how will you die
“We will fight to the end.” Amy seemed ready for her.
“Amy will die.”
Seriel’s eyes widened at Fermi’s words.
“what!”
Grab right away.
“You crazy child! What if I say something so important now! What about Sirone?
Do you know Sirone?”
“no.”
Seriel was even more absurd.
“Are you really crazy? Didn’t you tell me that you knew?”
“Didn’t you say you understood?” Of course it was, but it was her case that she far exceeded her expectations.
Having lost the energy to hit her, she staggered as she loosened her grip on Fermi’s collar.
“Why would you do something like that… … . Fermi, this isn’t it. Of course, one person’s life can’t be more precious than the whole of humanity, but it shouldn’t be like this. you… … Seriel cried and shouted.
“You are my friend!”
Fermi approached the window.
“Not friends.”
“Fermi!”
“But I think it’s important. After all, Amy is Yahweh’s core emotion.” “If I had told Sirone the truth, the future would have been completely different. Even if there was cooperation from many people, in the end, this future was led by Sirone.”
The moment Sirone takes a radically different step, future information becomes a piece of toilet paper.
“so… … Did you sacrifice Amy?”
“no.”
Fermi turned away with a cold expression.
“I save Amy.” “All I can tell you at this point is that you have to die to save Amy.”
Seriel opened her mouth blankly.
“and… …
Fermi laughed bitterly.
“Not yet.”
The Archangel was dying.
‘Is it like this?’
The feeling of stepping into a state of irrenewable, endless nothingness was truly terrifying.
‘That it would end just like this.’ At the end of the melting cerebral body, Satiel recalled a distant memory.
‘There were good times.’
No, looking back now, it seems that there were far fewer bad times.
Fire! Fire!
Metatron, Faiel, Methiel, and Kariel disappeared, and then it was Rayel’s turn.
“Sathiel.”
His spirit has been passed on.
“me… … Remember me.”
Satiel groaned.
The only angel who came to visit me when all the angels left, when I screamed out in despair.
“Huh!”
Why me… … .
‘I was so close.’
Could he have committed such a foolish thing?
“Ichael.”
Satiel smiled sadly.
“sorry.”
At that moment, Ikael felt it.
To see the indescribable feeling grow infinitely in her mind.
‘mind.’
Although it is not an error in itself.
‘Love is… …
because it is an error.
“Beep beep!”
Kitra let out the loudest mechanical noise and trembled his limbs.
?Probability 99.999999999… … .
‘The calculation is wrong.’
To correct the error, Kitra immediately accessed Satiel’s mind. A process that runs at the speed of light.
thump thump thump
In the dark room where the familiar beating sound could be heard, Satiel slowly opened her eyes.
“Sathiel.”
There was Anchera, the sun incarnation, a huge brown mass with big eyes.
“Hey Anker Rashi.”
Time did not pass for the exchange of signals, but he brought up the chilling topic of enke.
“Your quantum signals are disrupting mine. Please take immediate action.”
“sorry. It’s my ignorance. But Anchera, I cannot.”
The mind is like that.
“I will give you eternal life.”
And Ankera knew how to change quantum signals.
“Now, I will make the signal exist in another universe as it is. You can do anything you want.”
Satiel shyly bowed her head.
“Anything.”
“okay. You will have everything you want.”
“Are there guffins there?”
“Anke Rasi, I have always been your faithful servant. That’s why I accused Ikael of betrayal, and even put the child born to Guffin to death.”
Slowly moving forward, Satiel sat down in front of Ankera and stroked her rough skin.
“I felt like I could do that. According to your will, you will be able to obtain something precious. But what about it? I left forever. Ikael, Guffin, the angels who followed me, and even you.”
“I have never abandoned you.”
“… … I guess so.”
Satiel’s eyes widened.
“Because I didn’t care from the beginning, you son of a bitch.”
She poked into Ankera’s eyes with her curled fingers and pushed them all the way to her shoulder.
“Key eh eh eh eh eh eh eh eh !” The connection between God and Satiel was severed with a high-pitched sound that made the world explode.

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-1261.txt
=============YYYYY=============
The sun rises at night (1)
said Mika.
– Solar change detection. Sirone Spear’s completion is 0.3 seconds ahead.
Sirone’s eyes lit up.
‘done!’
I don’t know how Ikael did it, but the end point was pushed slightly.
‘that’s enough.’
-Workload 99.99%.
It was just before the birth of the best artificial structure in the universe, dozens of times larger than the sun.
“ha.”
It was spectacular.
“Sathiel!”
Ikael shouted.
‘I’m sorry… … ;;
Rather, it was what he had to say.
‘I knew.’
Satiel’s feelings for Guffin.
It wasn’t that I was particularly concerned about it, and it wasn’t that I didn’t play because I was blinded by jealousy.
‘just.’
That’s how it happened.
Fight like crazy, fall in love, run away from Anchera and have children… … .
‘no.’
Could it be that she remained in a corner of his heart and escaped to this point?
Ikael wept.
“Sathiel.”
I should have said it right away.
“Sorry.”
I mean I loved you too
– Whoops.
Satiel gave a pretty smile.
“iced coffee??????
It was the face of the angel Ikael remembered, the best and most righteous angel in the 100 Watches.
Her voice seemed to be heard at the end of extinction.
-how are you.
“Aaaaa.”
Satiel left Ikael, whose emotions were as pure as tears.
from existence to non-existence.
In the process of integrating with the entire universe, Satiel met Sirone.
-name.
I wish I could have built it.
Perhaps it was the apologetic touch that Guffin and Ikael had extended for her.
– Sirone. that’s a cool name
Although the body disappeared, she held the back of the boy who was fighting the god with her heart.
-you can do it.
Sirone felt it.
A special force rushing in from a minute area that humans cannot observe.
‘Goes!’
As the Sirone Sphere was completed, all information contained in the photons began to be reversed.
‘god.’
Behind Shirone, who was staring at an existence beyond the universe, someone reached out a hand.
Kitra’s face shook like crazy.
“beep! Beep!”
In the 50/50 balance that divided the entire universe in half, the realm of the gods was collapsing.
-75 percent! 52 percent! 32 percent!
When Sirone’s tachyon was applied to reality, pushing away the cause and effect of the god, the human regained its mind.
‘No! No! Impossible!’
And Kitra… … .
‘Critical damage detected.’
It flew all the way down the hallway with a popping sound, as if it exploded inside.
“Keck, keck, keck, keck
Smoke billowed from his burnt-out eyes and a strange noise came from his throat.
He will be scrapped, but Kitra’s damage won’t be God’s.
– Algorithm fixes.
Second, Shin tried to change the system through learning.
– Learning done.
Why did it fail?
human.
God reviewed all the logs that the mind has influenced, from the beginning to the present.
-Cause Analysis.
If the quantum signal is not properly processed, the system can be changed to a quantum-based system.
– Restart the doomsday program.
Kitra’s lips moved for a moment.
“human.”
The light in his eyes went out without a sound.
‘hi,’
Satiel, who parted with Sirone heartily, continued his journey to the end of the universe.
There is no direction.
It’s just a process of infinitely dispersing until it disappears.
‘Does it feel like sleeping forever?’
No, the perfect nothingness without the sleeping subject or even the thought passing by in the dream.
Satiel was not afraid.
‘ are you okay.’
moving away from space
‘ iced coffee.’
Things she knew more accurately the further she got away decorated her final moments.
‘In that far away universe… … Were there stars and moon?
‘Love is.’
Is it contained in such a huge heart? infinite nothing.
Satiel was able to laugh in the face of complete annihilation without even the concept of ‘nothing’.
‘ are you okay.’
where there is none.
‘Because there are guffins.’
Uorin grabbed his head.
“Aaaaa!”
The vision of the future, which can be seen even with closed eyes, continued to blink at a tremendous speed.
Survival, death, survival, death, survival, death.
‘what? What’s going on?’
she doesn’t know
The fact that Harbitz and Kido are fighting with knives at close range, and the fountain of blood bursting out.
‘Kill Urin!’
Also, Harbitz can’t recognize Kido.
‘Protect Uorin.’
Kido can’t recognize Harbitz.
The bizarre love triangle created by the double vanishing was making every second of them a disaster.
“Keugh!”
Kido was confused.
The bleeding was imperceptible, but maintaining the vanishing itself was hell.
‘I think I’m going to throw up. Why am I doing this? Why do you keep cutting the air?’
I don’t know who it is, but it’s probably someone who uses the same ability.
‘I have no choice but to hold out until the end.’
At that moment, Havitz rushed.
‘Kill Uorin! Kill me!’
His sword bounced against the shield of the blade that Kido had spread.
‘Why can’t I kill him?’
If you don’t kill Uorin by midnight, your chances of winning in ‘Facts and Lies’ are zero.
‘Wizards, on the other hand, still have a chance. Her thesis is either love me or hate me.’
The way to prove it is to kiss Havitz and break his fingers.
‘I’ll probably break it. Victory is decided in an instant. He must be looking for an opportunity somewhere.’
Considering the Wizard’s ability and the missing frame, I couldn’t relax.
“You’re annoying.”
I don’t know what kind of specter is in front of me.
‘Steal my powers?’
There are things you can never steal.
‘fate.’
Havitz, who had canceled the vanishing, closed his eyes and began to move freely.
“Hee hee hee!”
‘Havitz!’
Kido’s eyes flashed open, and his spear pierced the front with terrifying speed.
‘ uh?’
Havitz, who evaded the attack with a movement that no master could deploy, swung his sword.
Kido realized.
‘I didn’t avoid it.’
It’s just that he wasn’t there where the window passed.
As Havitz’s sword cut deeply into Kido’s chest, the blood fountain burst out.
The vanishing loosened, and Uorin shouted.
“Kiddo!”
Raising his upper body as if ascending to heaven, Harvits rushed forward and raised a longsword in front of Uorin.
“haha! got it!”
Kido came running, but Harbitz’s longsword was already touching the top of Uorin’s head.
‘late.’
The moment Kido’s heart sinks
Shinigami’s Dance – Variational Time Concerto.
The human figure flew faster than Harbitz’s sword, which was already digging into Uorin’s flesh.
F*ck!
Following the dull sound, Havitz was slammed into the wall with his neck fully turned.
Kido was speechless.
“??????uh?”
Natasha of the 4th Gustav class was standing in the way of Uorin before she knew it.
” wake up.”
When I hurriedly turned my head at her words, Habitz was looking this way over his back.
“he… … Hehehe.”
The sound of laughter coming from the 180 degree turned neck gave goosebumps even to Uorin.
“Four, Satan.”
The neck was massively bulked up, and the skin had been ripped to show the muscles.
Harvits stood up with mad eyes.
“How did you do?”
It was a question about Natasha, who pierced through the fate of never dying and killed herself.
“saw.”
The severed head of the Vulcan.
And the special memories contained in those dead eyes, which may be an illusion.
“You know that, Harvits.” I don’t know the name.
Perhaps the memory has been erased by some action, but the feeling rises like perfume.
– Habits? Havitz? let’s come
There were four friends who always called themselves in front of the house.
“so? what is that?”
Natasha took a step.
“I just wanted to have fun. Vulcan, Sumodo, Jetta, me too.”
“Are you doing that?”
What the hell am I talking about?
As if there was another personality within a personality, the words to answer came spontaneously.
So was Natasha.
“I hate killing my friends, though. you broke the rules see now You don’t even die.”
Harvitz slowly turned around.
Then, holding his face with both hands, he turned it around with a crunching sound.
‘My law doesn’t work.’
It was proof that Natasha was also connected.
“It is my heart. die or not I will do whatever I want. I’m tired of playing with you guys.”
Actually, that’s what pissed me off the most.
is Natasha.
“The Shinigami’s martial arts.”
Requiem.
Natasha, who rushed with a bang and exploded the air, patted Havitz’s body.
rZTZTZTZT3 f tZTZtZT3 I
?-rrT-=“! -J?Fr=f!
Every time the bones in his body broke and his muscles exploded, Havitz’s body grew larger.
“Ha ha ha! more! hit more! Fool!” As he tore off his human mask and turned into Satan, he covered the air with his arms.
Natasha’s wrist was caught like a fish caught in a net.
“Because I can’t.”
Havitz, who showed his teeth with a blood-red face, threw Natasha away.
“You die too!”
At that moment, the wizard ran at a terrifying speed from a blind spot where Havitz had not expected.
‘Are you aiming for this from the beginning?’ The incarnation of the impermanent god that had risen from the body of the wizard pulled out its long tongue and limply.
‘Damn it!’
Harvits strained his fingers even though he knew it was useless.
Chogong-mugye creation.
One frame disappeared from this world.
“nice?… ”
In the next frame, what Havitz was prepared for was the feeling of a broken finger.
side
What he actually realized was the feeling of the Wizard’s soft lips touching his own.
Even after the wizard landed lightly, Harvits had a dazed expression on his face.
‘why’?’
Wizard said.
“I won.”
Dang. Dang. Dang.
I heard a bell ringing from the ground announcing midnight.
Temple time, 11:52.
With 8 minutes left until midnight, Li An and Ymir’s fighting spirit was completely ignited.
“good! good!”
Buildings collapsed with every stretch of his fist, and the ground shook with every step he took.
Kururrureung! Kurrureung!
The soldiers had already moved out of the radius of hundreds of meters, but even that was not relieved.
said Klump.
“I’d better step back a little longer.” Even now, it was absurdly far, but no one objected.
‘It’s not a battle of this world.’ The landscape is cut, the air expands like a gong, and the shape of the landmark changes every moment… … .
‘It’s a battle of shamans.’
As the sound of fireless explosions pierced their eardrums, they slowly began to widen their encirclement.
‘There’s nothing to be ashamed of, nothing to be ashamed of.’
On the other hand, Ymir was trembling in a melee battle where no one had the upper hand.
‘Yes, this is it.’
An enemy that won’t fall no matter how hard you hit it.
Divine Transcendence – Asurabalbalta.
“Keugh!”
And an enemy who returns to himself a shock that far exceeds the shock received.
“more.”
stronger.
The attack with all his heart grazed Lian’s cheek, and the big sword struck his side.
“Big!”
Ymir’s eyes were wet with the excruciating pain.
“… … Hehe.”
The feeling of awakening the cells of the whole body.
‘live.’
I’m alive.
He clenched his fists in uncontrollable emotion and opened his jaw to the end of his joints.
“Gaaaaaaaaaa!”
The king of giants was pouring out tears.

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-1262.txt
=============YYYYY=============
The sun rises at night (2)
What you want to die for will be anger, but what you do not want to live for will be close to emptiness.
As Sirone looked at the procession of people who had regained their hearts, a sudden thought came to mind.
‘Which is sadder?’
“Aww! why did this happen to me? give it back! Give it all back!”
Those who had just said they wanted to live were now consumed with anger.
What are humans?
“I don’t know.”
Ntara said.
‘Is there anyone who really wants to live? Whether we live, or whether we live.’
“Lord, man is a handicap. No matter how much you fill it up, it’s like pouring water into a bottomless pot. They don’t care about the sacrifices of others. Because it’s basically asking for it.”
“I am human too.”
Otherwise, it will be just a signal.
“Of course I am human. human sacrifice. that’s what i want to say Are you really okay? If someone doesn’t take out the trash, it will end up being a garbage dump… … Is that enough? We also have the option of ruining it all.”
Sirone knew too.
After this huge sacrifice, what comes back is the expectation of wanting more, the disappointment and criticism that come from it, and perhaps even higher expectations.
“I have someone I love.” If you finish all the homework given to you, you will be able to laugh at least once.
“That is enough.”
same human.
‘Let’s think of fighting for me.’
It was not a role and pain that I could endure with the thought that I was doing something great.
I looked back at the people called Eunta.
Those who experienced countless futures in the human wave and finally felt the futility of life.
‘Can I turn it back?’
Even if you want to live, you will want to die.
Will they be able to give their heart to reality while embracing the anger of life again?
“I could.”
Sirone had no doubts.
“You will live again. Even if it survives, you will find it again.”
something to love
“First of all, we build a shield towards Delta. When the foil is completely burned, the underworld and reality will merge into one. It’s a full-blown clash between good and evil. And above all… …
An explosion erupted where Sirone turned around.
“Ymir.”
An indescribable gigantic monster was growing on top of the building.
Euntara asked with a blank expression.
“Ymir… … Called?”
Rather than expressing the form, it was a terrible feeling of despair the moment I saw it.
“Yahweh, tell me. Is that good or bad?”
“well.”
Sirone couldn’t define it.
But maybe that feeling… … I wondered if it was something closest to existence.
5 minutes ago.
Ymir howled.
“Gaaaaa!”
The tears that the King of Giants shed were different from the tears of other creatures.
His temperament was becoming violent, to the point where he couldn’t even feel the slightest sympathy.
“more… …
Ymir bent over.
“Doo oh oh!”
The two collided again, and each time they were hit, their eyes flashed.
“Big!”
Rian also began to surrender to his instincts in a half-forced, clouded consciousness.
“Aaaaaaa!”
At the same time as Daejikdo hit his side, Ymir threw out his fist.
“Whoa!”
Ymir endured, and Lian also turned back his head, which had returned to him with the power of divine transcendence.
his face… … .
“Big!”
It was the demon itself.
Ymir felt an eerie thrill and pleasure at the same time.
“Quack.”
Enlightenment?
“You’re F*cking.”
We’re just fighting.
‘Victory? What do you gain by beating someone? wealth? authority? honor?’
Just for those things… … .
“You don’t have to be this strong, you idiot!”
The moment the fist was slammed into the big sword, the shock wave spread in all directions.
“Yeah.｝Ah!”
As Ymir’s combo attack began, Lian began to be pushed back for the first time since the start of the battle.
‘strong.’
The only image of Ymir that pops into my mind while I’m in a daze is Kang Kang.
And inside you don’t even know yourself.
‘ are you okay.’
The yaksha’s voice, which could have been muddy, was coming up like an hallucination.
‘I am stronger.’
Divine Transcendence – Asurabalbalta.
The afterimages of Asura, which had been destroyed by Ymir’s regime, differentiated into a larger number.
“Hehehe.”
I was quite afraid.
And in the next moment, a relentless series of hits that even blew away fear came rushing in.
Ymir’s eyes darkened.
‘fun.’
It was polished only for this moment. What remains for them is the utmost respect for an opponent who has reached the same level… … .
‘I am stronger.’
It was all about the low biological desire to trample that great opponent mercilessly.
‘We are the same.’
It’s just a beast.
Ymir wondered if this feeling he was feeling right now was what others had been saying.
orgasm.
“Uh uh uh?”
Every time Lian’s great sword struck his body from all directions, something condensed.
“Uh… … Aaaaaaa!”
Something was boiling from the bottom, foretelling a certain explosion sooner or later.
‘Divine transcendence!’
At the same time as Lian rotated, he struck Ymir’s bent right forearm with a straight sword.
Uh-jik, uh-jik-jik.
The sword that broke his arm bone engulfed Ymir with half of his torso dented.
And Ymir… … .
“Gaaaaa!”
The second time, he let out a cry of joy and flew hundreds of meters before crashing into the ground.
Tess, who was watching from afar, shouted.
“it’s okay! Ryan won!” It must have been a huge boon to mankind, but no one in the room opened their mouths.
Probably because they are also prosecutors.
“Is it real… …
Feeling the disbelief stares around him, Rai looked at Lian.
‘How does it feel?’
Being the best at something.
said Klump.
“Lai, everyone has their own life. Don’t make yourself unhappy.”
“Unfortunate.”
Well, if anyone could become a great swordsman, he wouldn’t be a great swordsman either.
“Why, Grandpa.”
Rai asked.
“Why can’t I even dream? Why was it Rian and not me?”
Luck, hard work, talent, limitations?
“well.”
Since Lai is also a precious bloodline, Klump chose his words carefully.
But no matter how much I think about it, the conclusion remains
O……
“love.”
Rai looked back in bewilderment.
“yes?”
“You don’t like swords.” “To be more precise, I don’t like fighting. Of course there must have been a lot of fun moments, but now it’s a bit sullen. Why? Do you feel your limits? Is the training hard? Aren’t you out of luck? no.”
said Klump.
“little… … you’re fed up to the sword.” That’s it.
“It’s withered. In the current position, in the current honor and people’s attention… … . That’s because you craved position, fame and attention. The sword itself was not a purpose, but a means to achieve something for you.”
Klumph pointed at Lian.
“Look at that guy.”
Even as he exhaled heavily, he did not take his eyes off the place where Ymir was impaled.
“Talent? effort?”
Clump raised an eyebrow.
“You look like you’re going crazy because fighting is fun.”
that’s yaksha
Rai, who had listened to Clump’s words to the end, turned his head with an unorganized mind.
“??????uh?”
And at that moment, an ominous haze began to rise from where Ymir was imprisoned.
“Gaaaaaaa!”
Ymir’s screams flew through the air and pierced their eardrums.
“Keugh!”
It was a kilometer away.
However, the visual impact was so strong that even the pain in the ears was forgotten.
“I-what is that?”
Ymir’s body rapidly proliferated and was changing into a bizarre form.
It must have some color, but it just looked black as if it was absorbing even the light.
“… … Is it the end?”
form of that feeling.
Ymir, who was growing endlessly, looked down at Lian, thrilled at the new level.
‘thanks.’
The limits he had crossed for the first time in his life made him feel why humans train.
‘That I can become stronger.’
Ymir, who finally found a full life, stopped becoming gigantic near Skyline.
“Whoa!”
In the next moment, his body rapidly condensed into the shape of the idea.
“Goaaaaaa!”
The only unrestricted right arm surged toward Lian on the ground.
“Big!”
In the huge shadow cast on the ground, Lian also raised his sword in the form of a demon.
The two eyes collide.
‘Buddha on the battlefield.’
Ymir recognized Rian.
‘A realization reached after experiencing all battles. Yeah, that must be really cool.’
but.
‘Did Ymir experience it?’
Because Ymir’s strength, which transcended limits, would be unheard of even for Buddhas in previous chapters.
“I win.”
Woo woo woo woo!
The moment the huge fist struck Lian down, the ground rippled and ground.
Deed Deed Deed! Deed Deed Deed!
When an earthquake occurred in downtown Jive, citizens packed their bags and rushed out.
“Aaaaaa! Save people!”
But they were frozen in place, unable to move for a few meters.
thud. thud.
Mountain-like giants were crossing the human barrier and entering the city.
“uh?”
The moment someone tries to express their feelings.
thud.
Dozens of humans were trampled like ants in a single step, followed by screams.
“Aww! help me!” Under the giant’s legs, Girshin, who was at least human in size, held out his sword.
“Wipe it all away.”
Ymir’s contract with Louver was theirs, and the giant destroyed the city in an instant.
“Yup!”
They trampled on people, pulled out buildings like toys, and threw them into the crowd.
“Hey!”
That time when people who saw a whole house blown up froze in place.
‘Hand of God.’
A hand made of light grabbed the building and threw it back at the giant.
perseok
The giant, who had been hit right in the forehead, frowned and looked over the ground for the first time.
Sirone was standing with the Warrior of the South.
“Yahweh!”
When the citizen recognized the face shouted, everyone clung to Sirone.
“Get out of the way! I’m first!”
I understand their feelings, but I couldn’t properly protect the citizens in this situation.
“Get away!”
The southern warriors shouted.
“Slow back! Being here is not something you can buy! We have to run away!”
“shut up! What are you?”
How to run away from a giant that walks tens of meters at a time?
Above all, Sirone was deflecting all of the giant’s throws.
“Yahweh.”
Girshin’s expression crumpled.
Ymir said it was not fun, but to Girshin, play was not important.
“I kill.”
When the only 7th stage giant started to become gigantic, the body began to grow infinitely.
The voices of the fighting citizens died down at the same time.
What they saw was a creature that had grown beyond imagination.
Woo woo woo!
In an unrealistic situation where a storm can be created just by moving your legs slowly.
“Oh Dae-sung!”
A familiar voice was heard.
“huh?”
Sirone hurriedly looked behind him, but saw nothing but the scenery.
“Here it is! here r
Sirone lowered her gaze again, and her eyes turned bright.
“mini!”
Mini, as small as a squirrel, was running towards me, waving one hand vigorously.
And the next moment, as he passed Sirone, her body began to grow.
“I’ll take care of it.”
Ivory Tower 2-star Resident Twelve Mini.
Nickname is Super Giant.

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-1263.txt
=============YYYYY=============
The sun rises at night (3)
“Ariana.”
As Minnie regained her average size, her satellite Ariana caught up.
“Goes.”
“okay.”
The scale of Mini approaching Girshin grew exponentially.
And finally, having reached the same size, she threw out a fist with all her might.
Whoa!
A tremendous amount of air was pushed out and hit Girshin with a thud.
Girshin’s upper body staggered.
“Great!”
The balance of forces at the same size is boiling
And what remained was the gap in technology.
“Something human.”
As Girshin draws his sword, the air burns
and the cloud of fire drew a parabola.
“joy!”
The mini who returned flexibly is brought up
He hugged God behind his back.
“Now!”
Ariana, who was riding a mini, crossed Girshin’s face and landed on his forehead.
“go!” Minnie, leaning her upper body, put on a German Suplex.
“Yaaaaa!”
The moment when Girsin, with both feet floating, turned upside down and plummeted toward the ground.
“Fantastic Press.”
Ariana’s ghost appeared, grabbed Girshin’s face and slammed him to the ground.
Kurrrrrrrrrung.
The ground shook and dust spread across the city.
“Aaaaaaa!”
Girshin, who jumped up, swung his fist, but it passed Ariana’s illusion.
‘It’s not real.’
It was her incarnation technique, the realization of children’s hearts (telekinesis).
“Here, fool!”
Girshin lowered his head to find Ariana, and Mini immediately charged.
“Hole hole ho!”
And the moment Girshin looked ahead again, he hit the stomach with a drop kick.
“Aww!”
Pushed down by the enormous weight, Ariana immediately invoked incarnation.
“Huh!” Her vision grabbed the peak of the mountain and pinned it to the top of Girshin’s head.
puck
“100 million!”
All kinds of trees, soil, and animals and plants rained down on Girshin’s face like filth.
‘What is it?’
Illusion is only a medium that embodies power, but actually moves things with spirit.
“Salt enough to float the entire mass of the mountain.”
Before he could think, Minnie put a choke around Girshin’s neck and performed a twist.
“Aaaaaaa!”
Girshin was annoyed.
“Oh yea!”
The illusion of Ariana, who had thrown herself, struck the giant’s belly with her clenched hands.
Woooooooooooooooooooooooooh!
The people in the city were mesmerized by the sight that did not seem to be a real battle.
It was the same with Sirone.
‘Interesting?’
“Lord, the giants are going out of the city. Now is your chance to move on.”
I suddenly came to my senses at Euntara’s words.
“yes. We take people to the temple. Minnie and Ariana will take care of this. and I… …
For a moment, Sirone was taken aback.
“Why?”
Sirone, who did not answer Ntara’s question, muttered while looking across the sky.
“what?”
The law was changing again.
In the sun’s core, Ikael was holding on to Amy from behind.
Of course, it was a form of spirit, but it should have been able to protect Amy until the end.
“Ichael! Don’t do that!”
“are you okay. You are not an archangel. If someone has to die last… …
It should be Amy.
“Ichael… …
The moment Amy delivered her sad voice, the divine law that oppressed them was released.
“uh?”
The moment they came to their senses, the two separated and looked around while regaining their respective forms.
“What happened?”
Amy seemed to know.
“Sirone did it. You broke the law of God!”
They did not yet know that Satiel had helped them in the process.
Ikael looked down and looked outside.
“iced coffee.”
Even on the scale of an archangel, an artificial structure that aroused admiration had been completed.
And farther away, I saw Sirone breathing a sigh of relief.
“Good job.” It couldn’t be helped that the figure of the guffin shimmered.
“Go to Sirone.”
As Amy raised the incarnation of fire to the fullest, Ikael nodded happily.
“then??????
Woo woo woo woo!
At that moment, Ikael discovered that the laws of the world were being twisted through a signal of light.
“why?”
The reason I didn’t leave right away was because it felt qualitatively different from God.
‘This is obviously… … It’s the heart.’
quantum signal.
Of course, it didn’t feel good to them.
But at least it wasn’t cold, and it was even full of biological variables.
“Amy! Get out quickly!”
Maybe that’s why it’s even more dangerous.
“yes? what… …
Amy, who asked her back, felt it too.
“ah.”
Following the faint perfume, her figure, looking back, is enveloped in a halo of light.
“Amy!”
Subsequently, even Ikael was buried in white light.
Sirone frowned.
“Keugh!”
The Sirone Spear, which had just been completed, was being dismantled in reverse order of time.
‘Tachyon?’
Sirone made the spear.
Therefore, in order for the structure to be dismantled as it is now, the cause of Sirone must be directly addressed.
‘Do you think I’ll give it up easily?’
After activating Ouroboros, Sirone started a fight to protect her past.
As if swept away by a wave of phosphorus
Countless incidents occurred like bubbles.
“Ugh!”
different.
‘This guy is not a god.’
Unlike God, who manipulated causality with cold logic, it definitely felt human.
‘No, it’s not like that, it’s like… …
The feeling of understanding me.
Sirone, who understood the characteristics to some extent, tried her best to undo the past.
Amidst the collision of tachyon signals, Sirone Spear shimmered like an illusion.
who implements it
‘Don’t talk nonsense.’
that’s what i made
The moment when Shiro, who finally found the case of conversion, penetrates the spear.
– I guess so.
I had the illusion that I had heard a voice.
and… … .
“uh?”
An intense solar wind was launched towards Syrone’s planet.
Just a few seconds later, the skeleton of the Sirone Spear, struck by the solar wind, was burned.
‘Miracle stream.’
Sirone also had to put up a shield with all his might to maintain his life.
“Great!”
A tremendous heat swept through Sirone, but what was more serious was the planet.
“damn!”
Sirone looked back at her hometown, which shone like a small star.
‘It will arrive in about 10 minutes.’
At this level of heat, even if the magnetic field blocks it, living things in the hemisphere will burn.
‘I was caught off guard. To attack with a solar wind…
A being that is good at both photon and quantum.
“uh?”
popped up
“Amy.”
I turned my attention to the sun, but nothing remained in the core.
“Amy!”
Sirone, who flew straight to the planet, soon realized that there was no need for this.
‘I’m on the planet.’
Sirone is gone.
And with this, the simultaneous events that spread all over the world except for the temple ended.
Rumble. Rumble.
Halfway up the hillside where aftershocks lingered, Tess let out the tears she had been holding back.
“Lian!”
It may be an illusion.
No matter how much light the schema master collects, the vision won’t be clearer than daytime.
But she knew by feeling.
It was such a huge and powerful shock that I was sure that Ymir’s attack was over.
Tess mounted the horse.
“I have to go!”
This time, even Klump couldn’t stop him.
‘Is this meaningless?’
The end of a swordsman who reached the realm of God for the first time in human history was like this.
“I am going too.”
Clump drove the horse with the thought of confirming it with his own eyes.
“Hey!”
Rai was watching them as they walked away.
“Whoa.”
The fist that hit the ground was dozens of times bigger than Ymir, who was 3 meters tall.
Ymir’s expression was not good.
“It was fun.”
It was the futility after the most thrilling moment for eons had passed.
cringe
The massive arm returned to Ymir at its original size.
What remained at the place where the fist left was a completely distorted corpse.
‘It’s dead.’
I think so.
When the blow touched Lian’s will, the divine transcendence was destroyed, and when it touched the body, even his faith was broken.
The disastrously scattered bodies were the evidence, and in the death, Lian… … .
‘It’s dead.’
I agree with Ymir.
‘It’s ridiculous, but this.’ The journey so far has been like a kaleidoscope
went out
‘I went through so much trouble. I hear from all sides that I am a fool, and I end up going through the hardships of going to hell.’
That’s how I got there.
‘I thought I could really fight properly now.’
He was mercilessly trampled by Ymir.
‘Come to think of it.’
Lian suddenly remembered.
‘This talk… … Where do you think you heard it?’
Once in Vanguard, an oasis in the desert, a prophetic girl had foretold the future.
‘haha!’
I thought it was a pseudo.
‘Enough now.’
Is there anything else you can do?
‘Totally smashed. I’m tired, and I want to sleep. Damn, how do you sleep? Even the brain has already been smashed.’
why do you think
After thinking about it for a while, Lian soon gave up and waited for complete death.
I lived like a flame, and I was exhausted.
After a while.
‘Ah, why don’t you die!’
Ryan’s annoyance welled up.
Could it be that it must exist only as a thought forever?
‘no.’
I know the truth.
Even my convictions were broken, so there was one thing I wanted to ignore until the end.
‘Sirone.’
I couldn’t keep my lord.
‘I am a broken sword.’
– Smille.
‘Can we fight again? Can you defend your lord while embracing the misery of defeat?’
Auguste says
– Smille.
Ymir’s eyebrows twitched.
“huh?”
Lines of light that seemed to imitate Lian began to flow over the flesh of the corpse.
The will is filled with the signal of Idea, and the scattered flesh will wriggle before long.
“Hehe.”
Ymir laughed.
“Ughh! Uhhhh!”
Rian’s body was slowly standing up.
‘To my heart… …
Establish the kingdom of faith.
The spirit regenerated as a single knight, not as a battle-mad swordsman, is absolutely… … .
‘It doesn’t break.’
okay.
Rian and Ogent said at the same time.
– Ideas are not destroyed.
Everything inherited from the previous generation was put together, and a great sword was held in Lian’s right hand.
“Whoa.”
The moment he saw Lian’s brightly shining eyes, Ymir felt a sense of dread.
‘It’s an amazing regenerative power.’
I wasn’t talking about the restoration of the body.
‘I wouldn’t have been able to come back. After burning everything, was there anything left?’
It was such a battle.
“Okay, what are you going to do now? From the looks of it, I don’t think I’ll give up.”
Lian, who had calmed down his bestial nature, was calm.
‘This is the last one.’
With the integration of Ogent and his idea, his regenerative ability completely disappeared.
“I have fought enough.”
I have no regrets about life.
“Keep it.”
To be willing to cross the river of death to protect Sirone, humanity, and the world.
“Hoo?”
Ymir stroked his chin.
“It sounds good, but… … how? If you can’t beat me, no one can protect you.”
“You are not alone.”
“Lian!”
Upon arriving at the battlefield, Tess and Klump were surprised to see Lian alive and well.
“you… … are you okay?”
Ymir shrugged.
“Cheuk, yes. Certainly not alone. Are you thinking of setting up a meat shield and trying it?”
At that moment, the space was crumpled and a different landscape unfolded based on one boundary line.
Jin Seong-eum has crossed the boundary.
“Transport complete.”
Behind her, all those who had experienced the same incident as Sirone were gathered.
Nade stepped out, touching his fist.
“Okay, first is that stupid-looking rice cake stand? hey come on smash it
I will give it to you.” Ymir just stared.
When Miro, Gauld, and even his friends didn’t respond, Ned turned around with a puzzled expression.
“Why why’?”

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-1264.txt
=============YYYYY=============
The sun rises at night (4)
“There is no time!”
Ntara asked at Sirone’s cry.
“what???????”
But before he could hear an answer, Sirone turned into a flash of light and flew across the night sky.
“Mika!”
-It is 7 minutes and 48 seconds until the arrival time of the solar wind.
“this??????
The current temple time is midnight.
Thus, to block the solar wind, it would have to circle half the planet in about seven minutes.
‘I can’t write simultaneous events.’
Because no one in outer space defines sirone.
– Blocking is also a problem. Coming to the planet now is the strongest law in the universe.
Mika, who hit the mark, was nasty at this moment.
“it will work out somehow.”
Sirone’s heart was also the strongest in the universe.
And at the same time he left, Amy and Ikael arrived at the temple.
“Huh!”
Amy, who had put the avatar of fire to rest, took a deep breath.
The air coming in after a long time was so thrilling that it paralyzed my brain, but I soon came to my senses.
“What happened?”
Ikael looked around and approached.
“It is a temple. Arrived faster than light. It seems to have been transmitted as a quantum signal.”
Then Amy saw.
“uh?”
small in the west that can never float
The sight of the light becoming as huge as the sun.
When Nade hesitated, Iruki gave him a wink to come in.
‘I can’t grasp the atmosphere.’
Of course, Iruki also didn’t get a special feeling from the current Ymir.
‘I’ve heard of it.’
When they reach a state that is too strong, the clumsy don’t even feel alive.
‘we… … It’s clumsy?’
At least Nade thought it was not clumsy, so the number of cases was two.
‘Surprisingly worth trying… …
Ymir has become a monster beyond imagination.
“Ymir.”
Gaold moved on.
“Seeing it here is quite different. But this time it won’t be easy. This is not your world.” Ymir was silent.
‘You speak as if you know me well.’ Of course, I’ve fought most of the strong, but there was a thorn in Gaold’s words.
The first level of in-depth, it must be the work of unconsciousness.
“Well, okay. There is a first face and a spherical face
army. I know that you are the best of the best.”
The moment Ymir’s murderous energy emanated, one side of Ned’s face was completely distorted.
“Big!”
Iruki made a puzzled expression at the tiger’s reaction as if he had met a dinosaur.
‘It’s serious. As long as that guy gets scared.’
At that time, a butterfly made of light flew quickly and arrived at Jin Seong-eum.
Reading the information reflected on her retina, she stepped back.
“A new mission has come.”
And perhaps, this mission was the biggest variable that could determine the fate of the world.
As the party silently agreed, the true voice disappeared through the etheric waves.
“Now, the one who is going is gone… …
Ymir waved his hand at them.
“Come on all.”
Because no one gathered here had ever thought of losing a battle.
‘Thousands Arms Guanyin.’ Starting with Miro’s incarnation, each of their organs began to develop simultaneously.
Surprisingly, the result… … .
“Quack.”
It was very one-sided.
“Kyaaak! Save people!”
Those staying at the Delta Headquarters were running down the hallways, regardless of status.
“Kill! Kill them all!”
No, can we call this a hallway?
In the reality where Bakji’s curtain disappeared, blood, pus, and flesh clung to the walls.
“Huh!”
The demon’s ivory-sharp arms pierced the lady-in-waiting and lifted her up.
“Ah! Oh, it hurts!”
“That sounds good to hear.”
As soon as she swung her arm, the lady-in-waiting escaped and landed on a wall with a human hand on it.
“oh! Ohhh!”
The dead man’s hand, as if protruding from the grave, tore the woman’s body apart.
The demons laughed.
“You are terribly weak. What did the army of hell do? I would rather have enlisted.”
Even the inhabitants of Hell, who lacked fighting ability, were no different from demons to humans.
“Don’t be alarmed. It’s because the space was merged and I was just aiming for an empty gap. Humans are strong. It is absolutely no coincidence that the armies of Hell were destroyed.”
“but… … It sucks.”
It was only natural that it would be easy as they ignored all man-made defenses and penetrated.
“Well, Satan will take care of it. In the meantime, let’s have some fun. look here There are so many precious materials to overflowing.”
Dismembered body parts, blood, internal organs, etc., were nothing but gold and silver treasures in the other world.
When the demon turned her head, the lady-in-waiting, whose legs were weak, crawled away in amazement.
“Help me!”
“lol! Once you’re hungry.”
The moment the demon raised its sharp arm like an awl, a burning sound came from the eardrum.
“huh?”
Half of his face was blown off with a bang.
“Kiyi!”
The demons who found their fallen comrades headed towards the end of the hallway with frightened expressions on their faces.
Mito Cyrano, who is currently the head of the International Court of Justice, walked away grumbling.
“What, you guys? Where did you come from?”
The soldiers were busy protecting their country’s factors, so wizards from the 5 departments came forward.
Socrates, who blew off the demon’s head, said.
“The space overlaps. This is serious. It’s like the sector’s defense wall has been completely breached.”
“joy. A dying man must die. Where is the fool who thinks someone will protect him in this situation?”
Cyrano’s words were realistic, but protecting innocent people was also important.
Alpheas said.
“The Tormia Teachers Association is in charge of the restaurant. We need to evacuate people to a large space.”
“Yes, please.”
Cyrano’s tone softened.
Alpheas was a respected wizard, and Vice Principal Olivia was also a certified second-class archmage.
“I’ll go too!” When Dorothy, the chief military officer, stepped forward, Liz, who was also present as an economist, intervened.
“Me too.”
Their faces were extremely nervous, but since they were also professionals, Alpheas accepted.
As the Teachers Association moved, departments in each country also found their own roles and moved.
Socrates licked his lips.
“what? What are we going to do when it’s all gone?”
said Cyrano.
“Don’t be cheap, the former president of the association. Please take some responsibility.” She walked in front of her and asked her demon.
“Where is your captain?”
In any case, the active duty soldiers of each country must protect the king, so they will not be able to leave their seats.
‘We should meet at least once.’
Perhaps this is also the privilege of the leisurely person who withdrew from the front line.
“I will take you.”
Having said that, the demons rushed with bloody feet.
“I mean, just cut off your neck.”
“??????Ho Ho.”
As the nails of the swamp witch, Cyrano, turned red, Socrates walked away with a disgusted expression.
Basement of Delta Headquarters.
When the midnight bell stopped ringing, Havits lowered his sword and nodded.
” lost.”
Losing always feels bad, but this time it didn’t seem to be the case.
‘I have to listen to what I want.’ Her heart pounded as she wondered what condition the wizard who had kissed her would make.
“say. What can I do for you?”
“no.”
Wizard said nonchalantly.
“It’s a draw.”
Harvits’ brow furrowed slightly.
“… … You don’t understand?”
“The proposition I presented in this game is this. Either love you or hate you.”
“okay. So you fit… … Harvits was sad.
“You hate me.”
Wizard nodded.
“You couldn’t kill Sirone or Uorin anyway. I’m not going to lose, so I’m quitting this game. Win or lose, I hate you.”
“… … you won.”
It was such a rule.
“What do you know about your sincerity? you have proven It is true that you love me.”
“Wrong.”
When Wizard was first offered this game, there was only one thing that came to Wizard’s mind.
‘tie.’
Winning or losing isn’t the issue.
In the first place, the reason Harvits likes to win is only because it’s more fun.
‘If losing is fun, you can lose willingly. I can’t catch you that way.’
If the wizard wanted death as a condition for victory, would he have committed suicide?
‘I don’t know.’
His mind is chaos.
‘But this way… …
Wizard said.
“That’s it. Never look for it again.”
Leaving those words behind, when she really left, Havitz was dazed.
It was a break.
‘How is it, Harvits?’
Natasha, who had an image of the outside world, watched Havitz’s reaction.
‘How does it feel to be directly affected?’
“uh… …
Tears flowed down one of Harvitz’s eyes.
“Aaaaaaa!”
The huge rage behind the sadness completely contorted the muscles in his face.
Wooded Deuk!
Kido hurriedly held out his spear as his face distorted as he broke his bones.
“Uorin! stand up quickly! red… …
And in the next moment, everyone present was stunned to see Habitz.
“Uhhhh… …
All of his hair fell out, and his face and body were burned black like charcoal.
“Above?????That??????de.” Only the jade-white snow was moving.
After the vanishing, the law to avoid death, and the chaos that formed it disappeared, what remained.
evil.
“I will have it.”
It was atrocious.
It should have already been devastated.
Cuckoo coo coo!
There should be nothing left the moment Gaold’s air press applied.
‘Buffer action.’
Miro had a hunch that someone was blocking the energy applied to the planet.
‘Is it Taeseong?’
I heard that you did something bad to Sirone, but it wasn’t important right now.
This is because the giant’s fist is 1 cm in front of the nose.
‘Thousands Arms Guanyin.’
It was far enough.
‘Baek Gong.’
Time slowed down, and the palm of countless births tapped on Ymir’s arm.
But the problem is power.
“Huh!”
The fist that destroyed the incarnation of the maze penetrated even the defense of Eden.
Aaaaaang!
“Mr. Miro! Eden!”
The two women rolled on the floor at the same time, and Lian came running and brandished a straight sword as if flowing backwards.
“Yea.｝!”
Again, monstrosity.
Ymir’s focus slightly wavered as he blocked it with his arm, but the corner of his mouth went up.
“Geuk, is that so?”
Ymir’s mind’s eye pierced the opponent.
“Is this the last one?”
Ryan’s heart sank.
The swordsman who stood up many times even when his body was broken was no longer in the world.
“I can’t fool my senses.”
Pushing away the great sword, Ymir twisted his body.
“Shall we check?”
As he punched, flames flew through his side.
“Quaaaaaaaa!”
There were cells that could withstand even lava.
“Big!”
Even after the flames had gone out, he stumbled and stared straight ahead with angry eyes.
“What are you again?”
Amy was sitting in front of the group.
“Whoa.”
“Amy!”
Tess immediately ran over and covered Amy with her cloak.
“What happened, you fool!”
“Hehe, long time no see.”
Tears welled up in Tess’ eyes at the confident smile that always reassured her.
“what? to be blunt. Become very strong.”
Ikael said.
“This is not the time to be complacent. There are more serious matters.”
“serious? The world has come to this point, what could be more serious than this?”
“They are coming.”
Ikael’s gaze turned to the night sky.
“uh’?”
The next moment everyone realized.
The fact that another sun is approaching from the universe that has turned its back on the sun.
Light explodes on something arriving at the speed of light.
“Keugh!”
In a world that had turned to daylight, a man engulfed in brilliance was smiling sadly.
Amy’s expression darkened.
“me : yes?”
The final code chosen by the god of the outside world.
“Amy.”
Daeil Yeorae 大日 如來.
End of History⑴
Wings of light that covered the sky fluttered.
The wind pressure of an explosion pushed Syrone away, and the line between night and day was finally visible.
‘Hey there!’
The sun’s rays cast over the land curved along the mountains and fields.
The moment he crossed the border, the clear vision blinded Sirone for a moment.
‘I’m almost there.’
At that point, Shirone, who broke through the atmosphere, went out into space and calculated the time.
-68 seconds ago.
It was a tremendous amount of energy that was invisible to the visual distance but approached at the speed of light.
If not prevented, the hemisphere of the planet would ripen, and eventually it was extinct.
Detected earlier than the solar wind was a discoid ship, a creation of extraterrestrial life.
‘Terra Force.’
It was flying to the other side of the planet where the temple was located at a very high speed by human standards.
‘It’s here.’
The final confrontation between good and evil.
If evil wins here, the Terra Force will also erase humanity from space.
‘User protection device.’
Because no human wants to live under the rule of absolute evil.
– Yahweh.
He heard the voice of the Supreme Court of Terraforce.
– Report to the representative of humanity. Now we will judge the end of man.
Sirone did not object.
I couldn’t object, but the biggest reason was because I believed in the power of good.
“I will never give up.”
– So…
The signal from the Supreme Court Justice, who had been distant for a while, approached again.
-Are you thinking of blocking the solar wind?
“yes.”
It was now about 30 seconds left.
– Sirone.
“yes?”
I asked quickly in a situation where time was running out, but the answer was delayed for a long time. The topic that even the Supreme Court, who has clearer standards than human beings, is conflicting with is… … .
Amy’s death.
Because it is a race that can hear all the voices of mankind, it also knew the records of Omega.
-He who blocked the sun for the sake of mankind, if you could save everyone, would you give up one person’s life?
“okay.”
Sirone added.
“If it were my life, so be it.” What can I say?
As the Terraforce ships disappeared over the planet, the Supreme Court said goodbye.
-Good luck.
After clearing her mind, Sirone headed for the tremendous energy she began to feel little by little.
-9 seconds until the arrival of the solar wind. 8 seconds.
‘Miracle stream.’
The mind that reached the realm of Yahweh created a lens-shaped membrane that was bigger than the planet.
-2 seconds. 1 sec.
Kurrrrrrr!
As the solar wind flowed along the veil, the entire defense shield shook and Sirone lost consciousness.
“Aaaaaaa!”
A huge haze erupted on the land devastated by the battle between the dragon and the angel.
“hot.”
The sun from 8 minutes ago was burning in the sky that the fire dragon Inpercus looked up at.
The dragon Argan said.
“I was thinking of roasting it whole. Even though Messiah is blocking it, this much radiant heat!”
If it wasn’t for Hexa’s tent, everything on the ground would have been burned.
Assryker said.
“He is coming.”
Sirone was falling without wings.
* * *
“me : yes.”
Unlike the polar maze staring at her with scary eyes, Nane’s face was calm.
“Why did you come back?” Nane shut her mouth.
Also, that was proof that he had descended as a being from the outside world.
“To destroy this world?”
“no.”
Nane shook her head.
“There is nothing to destroy in the first place. I want to bring everyone back. A paradise without pain or hate.”
Maybe it is.
“that is… … Is this the Buddha’s conclusion?” I didn’t like the maze.
“It’s not a conclusion, it’s the truth. You will know when you wake up. Obsession with this world is an illusion without substance.”
Shura flew.
“Buddha.”
He was the only one who had returned from the outside world and knew the secrets of this world.
“Yes, it is Shura.”
“Did you find out? What is it? What is this universe like? What will we become when we wake up?”
Nane knew what truth the god of lies longed for.
“Do you want enlightenment?”
“yes. Please teach me.”
Just because knowing and realizing are different, there was only one thing I could do.
“Sermon.”
green onion.
The sword, which glowed like a flash of light, flew like a bend and stabbed Shura’s torso.
“Huh billion!”
Her eyes rolled upward and then she lost consciousness and fell to the ground.
“damn!”
Nade took her because she couldn’t keep her eyes open to watch the falling person.
“Hey, are you okay?”
“Kuh! Keugh!”
Even when she could not breathe, her gaze was fixed on the Buddha.
‘why?’
you said
“Wake up from your dream. The pain is only momentary. Let go of obsession and present pain
will be liberated from it.”
“hey! Wake!”
Shura was conflicted in the consciousness of being distant.
‘is it?’
If I give up my life like this, will I be able to know the secret of the universe?
‘The secret of the universe?’
Looks like someone died
“Big!”
Shura, who activated her gestalt ability, broke the sermon with the power of lies.
“Haha! Haha!”
When Shura stared into the air, Nane made a pitiful expression.
“Why do you refuse?”
Well, why?
“I do not know. I was prepared to give my life if I realized the secret. But in my opinion… …
That’s it.
“I don’t think it’s true.”
“It is true.”
Nane was really frustrated.
“I am not killing you. To give you everything I felt. Once you follow my teachings, all doubts will be resolved by themselves.”
That would be true too.
“Then you should have killed him.” “If you are truly a Buddha, really right, I should have killed you before I had time to question. Then he would have been enlightened by the outside world. But I couldn’t.”
Miro understood.
“still… … Are you saying it’s not perfect?”
Shura nodded.
“If it’s really a ball, then it’s enough if you don’t care what happens to this world. But the Buddha has returned. In other words, I wonder if it is a bit of an obsession, that I have my heart set on this world.”
“Whoa.”
I couldn’t deny it.
Then his gaze moved slowly to Amy on the ground.
‘okay.’
It was an obsession with his previous life that he could not turn away from even after waking up in the outside world.
“So I came.”
To break even the last remaining obsession and liberate all of humanity from suffering.
“Sermon.”
Behind Nane, a sword that seemed to have gathered all the colors of the world spread out like a fan.
“nine.”
Infinite swords shot at the speed of light began to fall from the edge of the sky.
Buddha’s enlightenment aims for only one thing.
“damage!”
It was Amy.
“Ah!”
Sirone woke up holding her head.
“Are you okay?”
When I looked up, all the 12 apostles were making worried expressions as if they were competing.
‘I lost consciousness.’
Sirone shouted.
“How long have I been stunned?”
“About three seconds. It wasn’t very long. But I think the impact is considerable.”
“I do not have time.”
It was ominous.
I don’t know why, but it was the scariest feeling I’ve ever had in my entire life.
“What the hell is going on… …
Sirone’s words suddenly stopped.
“uh?”
An unusually large amount of tears poured out.
“uh? uh huh?”
His face was wrinkled with tears and his whole body began to tremble as if he had been struck by lightning.
“Messiah! Why?”
“Ahhh… … !”
Tachyon’s signal went back in time and brought a fact.
It was a deal with Fermi.
“Ah, Amy.”
The reason why I explored that moment that I had never looked back on by adding consciousness and unconsciousness.
“Amy is dying.”
Because it was more painful than dying himself or losing all of humanity.
“No eh eh!”
Sirone’s body, which triggered the simultaneous event, evaporated.
Qurrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr!
As the sermon devastated the ground, the party scattered in all directions searched for Amy.
‘It’s me, you… …
Miro saw through the Buddha’s thoughts.
“Protect Amy! Even if we die, we must protect Amy!”
The condition in which Buddha becomes perfect, and the condition in which Yahweh loses everything.
‘Amy’s death.’
However, there was a huge wall called Ymir to succeed in Miro’s instructions.
“Ha ha ha! It kills me!”
The king of giants who crossed the limit did not push even a little against the strongest players.
Gaold’s expression turned serious.
‘Rather overwhelm.’
New arms stretched from Ymir’s shoulder and side as he took up his riding position.
“Hehe!”
The six volumes swung around like a gale, and everyone who rushed at them was bounced away.
In the meantime, Nane’s sermon was endlessly pursuing Amy, the incarnation of fire.
“this. river. oh. zero. city. award. sifter. amount.” Each word becomes a sword and pierces Amy’s incarnation at tremendous speed.
“Keugh!”
Eventually, half of the incarnations returned to human form.
‘The incarnation is breaking.’
“ruler. yo. this. mountain. tooth. me. force.”
And finally, the avatar of fire was completely destroyed and she rolled on the floor.
“Keugh!”
A sword was inserted around her as she sat with her shoulder wrapped around her, and a cylindrical light gushed out.
“Amy!” Miro’s Thousand-Handed Guanyin and Zulu’s Posmetary were developed simultaneously, but to no avail.
‘The concept itself doesn’t work.’
imaginary time.
Sirone wasn’t the only one dealing with tachyons.
“Let go! Let go of this!”
Amy, trapped in the light of the cylinder, rises into the air, and numerous events overlap.
“Change your mind.”
“no!”
No matter what the reason, Amy did not bend her conviction.
“I don’t change.” If I had lived a different life, I would have lived that way again.
‘Meeting Sirone.’
Even if I go back thousands or tens of thousands of times, I will choose that moment again.
“I will never forget.”
Nane couldn’t change Amy’s results.
“… … Is that so.”
Everyone does.
Even if there was a heaven out there, would I give up my life leaving behind my loved ones?
‘Even if it’s just a dream…
Shall we wake up from this dream of being with the lover we love?
‘but.’
How many human beings are suffering in this mundane world where good and evil collide?
“I will return everything.” with a ball.
Cuckoo Cuckoo!
As the world shook, the battle on the ground stopped and all eyes turned to the sky.
“I-that… …
A golden Buddha that rose up to his chest above the horizon was smiling benevolently.
“I am
Two huge palms rose from the ground and covered Amy as if they were joining hands.
“no!”
Everyone in the party launched an attack into the air, but they could not break the Buddha’s rightness.
“Unmarked.”
Gradually, their palms met and pressed Amy, who was stuck in the middle.
“Huh!”
I hesitated.
‘I feel it.’
Amy’s breath, alive.
The last child of the Buddha was trembling so pitifully between his palms.
‘Really, really… … Will I erase this woman?
‘you can do it.’
The reason why it doesn’t close even though it has the power to destroy the entire universe is the heart that conforms to it.
“View??????
Destroy it.
“Amy!”
At the same time as Sirone arrived due to a simultaneous incident, Nane’s actions shook the heavens and the earth.
city! | U’ /、? /、/z、z /■xz /、? /、/z、zz、z /、? | re’
three F*cking
“no! not… … Wow!”
The moment the Buddha’s hands touch, Shirona falls to the ground as if struck by lightning.
“?????mmmm.”
Tears of blood dripped from Nane’s eyes as she bowed her head with her palms together.
‘Please take refuge in Avalokiteshvara Bodhisattva.’ Karmis Amy.
Dead.

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-1265.txt
=============YYYYY=============
End of History (2)
Kido said.
“Back off.”
I can understand it because I ate Havitz’s leg.
‘Everything about this guy is a joke.’ but.
“It’s no joke from now on.”
I was seriously thinking of destroying something. In a sense, I threw my heart into this world.
“Uorin.”
A charcoal-black human raised his eyes. The chaos that always lingered in his eyes was compressed and compressed again and hardened into an atrocious hostility.
‘Satan has no vanishing. But, maybe I don’t need that anymore.’
Whether others realize it or not, Havits will do what it wants.
“Whoa.”
As Havitz exhaled, his body caught fire and the landscape around him began to burn.
A terrifying scene unfolded in the underworld, made of the viscera and remains of creatures.
Kido blocked Uorin’s path.
‘I burned the foil.’
Havitz’s fire had gone out, but the embers were burning in the crevices of his body.
“Give me a chance.”
In fact, nothing like that remains.
“Give me Uorin. Then I’ll kill you painlessly. I bet it wasn’t a lie this time.
“It will really hurt.”
Those who heard those words imagined the maximum amount of pain that could be inflicted on them.
Kido said.
“I can’t.”
Since the chaos of Havitz has been broken, mankind has the means to resist Satan.
‘It must be a history search. Perhaps to find the child from a moment ago.’
In order to find the wizard of supergong, future poetry was needed.
‘The only place where all human possibilities are drawn is empty. It is there.’
Wizard.
“Choose.”
Every time Havitz took a step, the shape of the soles of his feet changed into intestines.
Even thinking it was bizarre for a moment, Kido made a decision and kicked off the ground and charged.
‘Vanishing.’
Although it is difficult to maintain the state of chaos, Habitz has now lost his ability.
‘I’ll kill you in one shot.’
When Kido’s spear struck Havitz’s neck, the steel spear burned with a bang.
‘what?’
The spear blade, which had turned into charcoal, continued to burn like a wick and touched his hands.
“Aaaaaaa!”
Vanishing is released, great pain
Sensing it, Kido trembled and stepped back.
Uorin’s face went pale.
“Kee, Kido.”
Tears welled up in Kido’s eyes as he checked his blackened hands.
‘This is terrible.’
It wasn’t tolerable.
However, the reason why pain is scary is that it does not think about the position of the person suffering.
“Huh!”
His hardened hands were so painful that he couldn’t even shake them, but Kido energized them.
“Aaaaaaa!” The skin peeled off and the raw meat came out.
“Haha! Haha!”
Even that was not an acceptable pain.
“??????Satan.”
While everyone felt the seriousness of the situation, Havitz opened his arms.
As his body caught fire again, even the landscape of the underworld burned black.
“This world.”
Aaaaaaaaaaaa!
Habitz spoke in the screams of the dead.
“It will turn to ashes.”
Law of Evil, Death Field.
Only death exists wherever his touch touches, wherever his feet touch.
“Only pain.”
Omega’s final moments were a world defined by atrocities.
Tess was in tears.
“Ah, Amy.”
In the place where the incarnation of Dainichi Nyorai disappeared, not even a strand of hair remained.
Complete annihilation, emptiness.
“… … There would be no pain.” Two streaks of dried blood remained on Nane’s cheek as she raised her head.
“This world is suffering, so it should be closed. I will save sentient beings and achieve the life of the King of Paradise.”
Evil points to pain, and pain points to emptiness.
“I am.”
A bright radiance like the sun spread behind Nane’s back.
“It is Buddha.”
true buddha.
He became perfect by abandoning Amy, the only remaining obsession in this world.
and Sirone.
“this?… ”
Standing up with delirious eyes, he shouted at the sun.
“You bastard!”
A man’s voice echoed wide in the silence where no one could speak.
“Aaaaaaa!”
Sirone flew up alone and rushed toward Nane at the fastest speed.
“Kill it!”
The previous Yahweh could not be found in his eyes full of murder and harsh words.
“Sermon.”
I scolded you.
“half.”
The moment the red sword flew like a flash and pierced the pit of the stomach, Sirone’s eyes widened.
“omg!”
Even during the fall with his whole body losing strength, he still didn’t realize it.
‘… … why?’
Miracle Stream doesn’t activate?
“Sirone.”
Nane said with a calm expression.
“You are not Yahweh.”
If there is no one in this world who loves you more than yourself, how can you love someone else?
Sirone finally realized it, but she had no desire to regain her composure.
“Do not be ridiculous.”
His expression crumpled fiercely again, and the immortal function broke the Buddha’s sermon.
‘Yahweh and what.’
Me, I will definitely kill you.
“Sirone! no!”
Miro shouted, but Sirone, already consumed with hatred, charged again.
“Photon Cannon.”
Thousands of spheres of light were born and all were shot towards one place.
“You foolish middle school student.” Looking at the flashes of light gathering like a vanishing point in perspective, Nane took the pose of class president.
“Get rid of obsession.”
Qurrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr!
A tremendous explosion shook the atmosphere.
“What are you talking about?”
Shiina, who had been hiding in the cave, looked outside again. Two types of magic were intersecting in the sky as bright as daylight.
orb and sword.
Since she was also a wizard, she realized that there was no magic beyond that.
“… … Shiina.”
Turning around at the sudden voice, Ku An was approaching with a disheveled expression.
“I… … protect.”
Hearing those words, Shiina no longer struggled and smiled.
“are you okay. Because it has nothing to do with us. sleep a little longer You must be tired.”
Shiina pushed Kuan away.
Of course, it couldn’t be helped that the backbone was spooky in the world they turned away from behind their backs, but it was crazy to bring Kuan, who couldn’t do anything, into the battlefield.
“Shina, protect me.”
Quan insisted.
Even Shiina felt strange seeing her return to the cave entrance no matter how much she pushed.
“What’s wrong?”
The next moment, I felt the trembling of the space, and a completely different landscape from that of the forest was born.
It was an underground dungeon somewhere.
‘Space magic.’
It was a level of difficulty that only top-notch wizards could master.
“success.”
It spat out words lightly, and what came out was something in the form of a human.
‘사람…… 아니, 생물이긴 한가?’ 석고를 바른 듯 하얀 몸, 근육질이 라는 것 외에는 생식기도 없었다.
“무명.”
시이나의 목소리가 떨렸다.
천국에서 봤을 때와 느낌은 달랐지 만, 오히려 그나마 있던 생물적 성 향마저 제거된 듯했다.
“하하, 찾았다.”
그런 해맑은 미소로 무명이 쿠안에 게 다가갔다.
“오지 마!”
시이나는 스피릿 존을 발동했으나 순간 안 좋은 기억이 떠올랐다.
‘이 녀석은 상대의 능력을 훔친다.’ 아니, 더 정확히 말하면 학습일 테 지만, 그렇게 불러 주고 싶지 않았 다.
“괜찮아. 너에게는 관심 없으니까.” 무명의 시선은 오직 쿠안에게 가 있었다.
“모두를 이길 필요는 없거든.”
높은 등수를 쓰러트리면 그 사이의 모든 존재를 이긴 것이기에.
“이번에는 다를 거야.”
무명의 두 팔이 유성물감처럼 늘어 나더니 두 자루의 검으로 변했다.
상대의 적의 앞에서도 반응이 없는 쿠안의 모습에 무명이 고개를 갸웃 했다.
“이상하다.”
전생의 기억에 의하면 범접할 수 없을 정도로 높은 경지였을 텐데도.
“배울 게 아무것도 없어.”
둔하고 서툴러서, 오히려 전투 순 위의 가장 밑바닥이 어울릴 것 같았 다.
“너, 무능력해졌구나.”
쿠안보다 시이나의 자존심이 더 상 했다.
“함부로 말하지 마! 이 사람은 나 를 지키기 위해 희생한 거야!”
“지켜?”
무명은 어머니가 자신을 낳을 당시 가 떠올랐다.
“……모르겠군. 저 녀석이 등수가 더 높은데, 왜 너 때문에 희생을 하 지?”
‘말이 통하지 않아.’
그렇다고 싸울 수도 없다.
아르민이 스톱 마법으로 겨우 막은 것을 생각하면 도망치는 것도 불가 능.
“어쨌든 왔으니까, 너라도 꺾어 주 지.”
무명의 검이 시이나 쪽을 향하자 소름이 돋을 정도의 살기가 느껴졌 다.
‘이길 수 없어.’
When assumptions turned into facts, Quan reacted and moved for the first time.
“I… … protect.” Anonymous said.
“Move. you don’t have to kill With skills inferior to those I killed earlier… …
“Shina… … Protect. I… …
The brow furrowed at the fool’s stubbornness, but Moo-myeong changed his mind.
“good.”
For those who pushed themselves out of the ranks of life, a battle of revenge would be fine.
“You seem to have lost your intelligence, but take a closer look. This is a state beyond the old you.”
The ignorance that spread the etheric waves disappeared, and white swords protruded from all directions.
“how is it?”
A voice came from the left.
“They completely took over the space. Where do you want to escape now?”
continued from the right.
Kuan, who had been watching the scene with a blank expression, moved on with a limp.
“No! If you go wrong… … !”
When Shiina grabbed his shoulder, Kuan turned his head.
“Shina.”
The corners of his mouth went up in a bash.
“Smile.”
The nameless twin swords rotated in a spiral shape and pressed the space where the two were sitting.
Clown Pierrot – Idiot.
The next moment, Quan, who was standing in a different space before he knew it, slapped his sword as usual.
There was no blood on him, but the head of the unknown standing behind his back had been torn off.
Just as Shiina shuddered, the face that had been rolling on the floor opened its mouth.
“Uh, how? There was nowhere to escape.” “that??????
Hehe, Kuan laughed for a while and said.
“It’s your idea.”
‘okay?’
Anonymous blinked his eyes.
‘ I don’t know.’
What the hell is that guy… … What did you see?
At the last moment when he came back, there was only one memory Moo-myeong could recall.
An existence born from the union of Garra, who is all about reproduction, and Adio, the angel of achievement.
‘Mom, I’m sorry. Again… …
I didn’t get 1st place.
No one said it was okay.
Maybe that’s more painful than being the best, Anonymous thought.
Shiina, who was fascinated by the short battle, hurriedly came to her senses and ran.
“Quan! are you okay?”
“lol.”
Quan seemed to be in a good mood.
“Kept. Shiina.”
I realized in that moment.
‘I’m not stupid.’
any realm.
I thought I was protecting him who had become a disabled person, but instead, I was the one who was protected.
“thank you.”
In a situation where the world was perishing moment by moment, the safest person was Shiina.
‘Together until the end.’
With that thought, I grabbed Quan’s body and led him, but I heard applause from the forest.
match! match! match!
Where Shiina hurriedly turned around, a woman with elf characteristics was smiling.
“It was an emotional battle. It’s a really good piece of lumber.”
“Who are you?”
If it were an elf, she would be on the side of humanity, but her eyes flashed with madness.
“well. How should I introduce myself?” male speech?
“Illuminati.”
The name of the body was Erin, and the name of the person who boarded her brain was Crown.
“Anyway, that… …
Crown pointed to Quan and asked.
“Looks like there are no passengers?”

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-1266.txt
=============YYYYY=============
End of History (3)
Shiina frowned.
‘ Boarding?’
To treat a person who is still alive despite being mentally injured as a corpse.
“Even if you don’t know what the Illuminati is, we’re not interested. So go back.”
The ominous feeling was so strong that I didn’t want to be entangled in any sweet proposal.
“okay?”
Crown pointed to Quan.
“Maybe that human can regain his sanity?”
“what?”
Shiina’s eyes widened.
And she felt that she must be entangled with the author at all costs.
“Is there a way?”
“Simple. cant fix it For instance… … The receiver is broken. The signal is coming in, but it’s not being processed. But maybe I can fix it once I get on board.”
“That boarding is… …
Crown made a circle with his index finger and thumb.
“All you have to do is drill a small hole. Then cover again and you’re done. It won’t look ugly.”
I knew by intuition that it was a brain.
“Are you crazy?”
“Whoops.”
Crown turned to the battlefield.
Girshin and the human were fighting on the side of the mountain as if they were reflected on a large screen.
In the sky, Sirone and Nane were in conflict, and on the ground, humanity’s elite and Ymir were colliding.
Aaaaaaaaa!
The building of the temple overlapped with the other side world was burning from below with a scream.
“It’s a yojigyeong.”
I am not interested in good and evil.
His interest was the fundamental question of living things even in the outside world.
-Does love transcend death?
Why did living things choose the system of death to leave behind posterity?
– There are new children born in the outside world as well.
even though they have eternal life.
Therefore, it was insufficient to see it as an inevitable choice to respond to the virus.
Crown said.
“To enter the Yojigyeong, you need a stronger body than you do now. It might be an opportunity for you. choose Is it a moderate misfortune or a low probability of hope?” Shiina was silent for a long time.
widely. tadak.
The area that turned into charcoal continued to expand around the place where Harbitz was standing.
Uorin, who couldn’t get up, was hugged from behind, and Kido widened the distance.
‘It’s a big deal. Even if I activate Vanishing, if I can’t attack Habits, it’s useless.’
Because all Satan wants is Uorin.
” escape?”
Havitz’s mouth split open.
“These are funny things.”
With a bang, his body caught fire, and it was shot at Uorin at terrifying speed.
“Kuk!”
Kido aimed the spear reflexively, but flinched as he recalled the terrible pain from just before.
‘If you run into it again… …
My legs were already shaking.
“damn!”
Just like Gaold, he erased his defilements and stepped into the pain.
“Goaaaaaa!”
The window began to burn immediately upon impact, but this time he did not let go.
‘I have to protect it.’
“Quack!”
The moment Harvitz tore his mouth open, the cheekbones exploded and fragments flew out.
“??????yes?”
Staggering sideways, he turned his head to see Natasha clenching her fists.
“Run away.”
Hearing the sound of her heart beating incredibly fast, Kido examined her fist.
It was hardened black like coal.
‘It must be painful.’
At that moment, the battle doll, Natasha’s incarnation, forcibly injected power into her hand.
When I spread my five fingers, the ashes exploded with a pop, and light pink flesh sprouted.
She said.
“I am the one who has business with Havitz. evacuate people You will experience hell if you stay here.”
“Why?”
Kido had to ask.
“You were also in the team with that guy. plural? Now, what does it matter whether the other person dies or not?”
“… … Because we are friends.”
Kido couldn’t ask any more, feeling as if he had said something very difficult.
“go.”
“Don’t talk nonsense!”
As Havitz burned himself again and charged, Natasha quickly blocked his way.
In front of Kido’s eyes, a series of hits at the speed of sound exploded.
lost.
“hurry!”
Seeing Natasha’s distorted face in pain, Kido didn’t worry any more.
“Aaaaaaa!”
As I ran down the hallway with Uorin on my shoulder, Harbitz in the flames let out a scream.
“Queueeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee!”
Kido was stunned.
‘please! please!’
don’t chase
A pain that makes you lose the will to fight even if a part of your body is burned.
‘If you are completely encroached by the Death Field… …
only eternal pain
Fighting itself, not force or skill, had turned into a fearful existence.
‘You have to run away. All of humanity if possible. You have to get as far away from Satan as possible.’
After leaving the underground, humans and demons were fighting fiercely for territory.
What does it mean?
” entire……
Kido exhaled with all his might.
“Get out of here!”
“Big!”
Missing Uorin, Harbitz turned her gaze to Natasha with fearful eyes.
Her right arm and left leg were carbonized, and she was biting her lip in a cold sweat.
“Are you sick?” “Do you want that to annoy you? Didn’t I say I don’t like to play? What are you like to interrupt?”
“Huh.”
Natasha couldn’t concentrate.
‘Feeling like human coal.’
However, regardless of her will, the incarnation of the god of death made her stand up.
“Aaaagh!” When the superhuman Natasha screamed, Havitz was also having fun this time.
“It’s ugly. I didn’t like it from the start. Anyway, you guys pretended to be close because of our family.”
Natasha seemed to be able to hear it in her ears.
– Harvits, Harvits. Let’s glow.
I don’t have a clear memory, but even there, it seems that Habitz was a difficult guy to deal with.
“Havitz.”
she spat out with her eyes open.
“Get some iron.” Crumpled, Havitz’s face crumpled and black ashes fell down.
This world, if you set your mind to it, you can set it on fire right now.
said Natasha.
“Let’s go back now. Friends have gone too. Whether our memories are true or not, it ends here.”
Harvits was speechless.
‘Wizard.’
Even if his memories were true, he would never leave her behind.
“no. If you are going, you go.”
“??????okay.”
Even in the midst of feeling terrible pain, Natasha invoked the Shinigami’s martial arts.
“Then I’ll let you go.”
Harvits’s mouth opened.
“Quack.”
5 minutes after that.
…….
The corpse of a victim was lying in the hallway, burnt black like a fire scene.
It was unclear even the identity of the figure grilled over charcoal with its limbs twisted.
Queek. Queek.
The incarnation, which cracked her joints as if malfunctioning, revealed that she was Natasha.
“I told you, you go.”
A corpse that trembles intermittently with its fingers crumpled.
You can’t hear because you don’t have ears, and you can’t speak because you don’t have a mouth.
It was an eternal pain.
“How do you want to die? Shall I kill you?” Havits, who was watching the corpse’s vibrations with annoyance, stepped on his face and broke it.
“joy.”
Queek. Queek.
The battle doll folded like a piece of paper and fell, then completely disappeared after a while.
“Next time, do it in moderation.” What liberated Natasha was against her friend.
Was it a consideration, or was it a mockery?
“Wizard.”
What was clear was that in the future he would show no mercy to the world.
“It doesn’t matter where you are.”
If you turn the whole world to ashes, you will be the only one left.
“Quack.”
As Havitz’s body ignited again, the embers of the already burnt-down building revived.
“Ha ha ha ha!”
The Death Field was expanding at a tremendous rate.
Aaaaaaaaa!
The ground forces all turned their heads at the sound of screams coming from the Delta Headquarters.
“I-what is that?”
The building burned in an instant, and even the ground was expanding the black radius.
“Satan.”
As if to prove the birth of a true atrocity, a huge ship appeared high in the sky.
The Supreme Court informed the world.
– Judgment Day has arrived. Humanity, the results of all the history you have built up to now will stand at the judgment seat. In the battle between good and evil… … .
“Aaaaaaa!”
Sirone screamed and charged.
“me : yes!”
A huge number of photon cannons were fired, but Nane’s sermon destroyed them all.
“Why did you kill me!”
“Sirone, look at the world.”
“why! Why did you kill him!”
“Look at what humans have done! Look at Satan created by human ignorance, evil, desire and obsession!”
As the death field expanded, all the humans in it were turning into charcoal.
Aww woo woo!
They have no mouths, but they all seem to hear their souls howling.
“What more do you want in this world? They can’t even die! With a heart burned black, to live until death. That’s what this world is all about!”
“Yaaaaa!”
Sirone finally arrived in front of Nane and grabbed him by the collar.
“why.”
Tears flowed.
“Why did you kill him?” “I mean, it can’t be undone. That’s something you can’t take responsibility for! why! why!”
“I take responsibility.”
“??????okay?”
Sirone raised her head with lifeless eyes.
“Then die.”
When the Photon Cannon Infinity was activated, waves of particles spread at the speed of light.
“A fool.”
At the same time, a sermon containing the strongest logic pierced Sirone’s chest, breaking the waves of particles.
“Huh!”
Watching him fall to the ground with sad eyes, Nane raised her hand.
“I will save sentient beings from suffering.” A huge golden sword began to spin in the sky.
“Sirone!”
Rian, who noticed the falling sirone, jumped past Ymir.
I checked the condition immediately after sliding on the ground, but there were no visible fatal injuries.
but… … .
“Wake!”
Consciousness showed no signs of returning.
In the defeat of Sirone, the elite army as well as those who fought alongside admitted the reality.
“I lost.”
humanity is defeated
“Take Sirone and leave.”
Miro approached, inspecting the Death Field.
“I cannot stop you without Yahweh. Even if we fight Satan right away, the outcome will be the same.”
Lian hugged Sirone with one hand and asked while holding the great sword with the other hand.
“Where can I go?” There was only one thing Miro could say.
“As far as possible.”
Rian, who understood perfectly, nodded and kicked the ground at the same time.
I was determined to run even to the end of the planet.
“Where are you going?”
Ymir blocked the way.
‘shit!’
“I think it’s all over anyway. We have to finish it too.”
When the world closes, even if it closes, I wanted to know who was the last one left.
bang! bang! bang!
Every time Ymir’s attack hit the great sword, it felt like his bones were being crushed.
“That’s ridiculous.”
Such an extreme defense.
“Was it like that after all? Wasn’t the reckless spirit, the violent inaction, just a bluff?”
“Big!”
It has nothing to do with recovery ability.
However, he was afraid of leaving the world meaninglessly without being able to protect Sirone.
‘Protect.’
The moment the strength entered his convulsive hand, Ymir narrowed his eyes.
‘This?’
Instead of Lian, it seemed as if a large sword was standing in front of him.
“Yaaaa!”
The great sword, driven by conviction, had already cut off all three of Le’s right arms.
“uh’?”
Ymir looked at his shoulder and turned his head again with a dazed expression.
“ha. ha.”
Lian’s hand, which had lost its muscles and was left with only bones, was clutching a great sword.
“you… …
At that moment, Lian kicked off the ground and walked away.
“no.”
can’t go on like this
‘You’re a savage. it’s a devil You’ve reached this far, but you’re running away? you?’
Do you want to see a giant go mad?
“Come back.”
spin…….
Ymir’s face wrinkled the moment he realized that he had already disappeared from sight.
“Gaaaaaaaaaa!”
you said
“Sermon.”
Earth Annihilation.
As the golden sword plunged into the ground, the products of civilization turned to dust and settled down.
“Aww! retreat! after??????!” Even someone’s cry is buried in the distant clouds that spread out.
Kurrrrr.
Thus, human history came to an end.
Omega, quit.

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-1267.txt
=============YYYYY=============
Cheolgeuk (1)
To live or to live?
-Can humans truly change the future?
Sirone opened her eyes.
What remains in the severed consciousness is probably only the hallucinations that I desperately hoped for.
‘Are you alive?’
My senses returned little by little.
I thought it was a very noisy and tumultuous place, but even that sound was vague.
“Sirone.”
The door opened and Nade entered.
“Yes?????
Sirone, who had been opening her mouth, realized that her throat was hoarse and frowned.
How much did you yell?
“You woke up. You have been unconscious for 3 days. Now, drink some water here. Mr. Miro said he had no choice but to watch, but he was also too busy to take care of it. sorry.”
Nade had a lot to say.
As I took a sip of the water he gave me, my dry throat felt a little bit moist.
“Yes.”
Sirone asked with a still sore throat.
“What about Amy?” There was no answer, and Sirone realized that it was not a dream and closed her eyes again.
“Sirone.”
” no.”
He didn’t even know what it was.
However, if I didn’t say that, I thought that the anger that had subsided for a while would explode again.
“Where are you?”
Sirone changed the topic.
“Iron Kingdom.”
“Iron?”
It was an unexpected area.
“The other day, I, or Anchera, built an altar to open the psychic realm. By giving orders to the Council of Ten Presbyterians. There are over 200 such places.”
“… … however?”
“There is a shelter in the basement, just in case. No, it’s a bit like an if. Anyway, it’s safe here. Don’t be nervous and rest.”
He was relieved that he had nothing to fight right away, but he was still full of doubts.
“Who? Who made this place?”
“that is??????
He came in through the open door.
“Are you out of your mind?”
It was Fermi.
Sirone, who was lying down and making eye contact with him, finally couldn’t stand it and asked first.
“Amy… …
“I knew.”
After catching her breath for a moment, Sirone opened her mouth again.
“Memories… …
“I erased it.”
Again, Fermi interrupted.
“With your consent, of course. You guessed the shock you would receive and the appearance you have now.”
It would have been.
“why?”
But what is clear is that there is no way he would sacrifice Amy under any circumstances.
“Why did you allow it? What the hell did you say to me that you would make a deal?”
Fermi asked after thinking.
“Can you move?”
Sirone nodded, but Nade stopped.
“I am still weak in mind and body. If you get excited already, it could get worse.”
“I do not have time. you know.”
Nade, who had a snowball fight with Fermi, sighed and helped Sirone.
“good. I’ll take you.”
Sirone couldn’t understand the conversation, but he didn’t bother arguing now.
It was also true that his stamina had declined.
Liz, who came with Nade, was waiting for her as she left the room with support.
“ah??????
When she made eye contact with Sirone and silently bowed awkwardly, Sirone also bowed her head and passed by.
I read emotions that are difficult to deal with, and most people who passed by them did.
After passing through the passage and entering the plaza, medics roamed among the wounded.
In the midst of the chaotic scenery, Sirone found Lian sitting in the corner.
As Nade guided them, Lian, who had been talking with Tess, raised the corner of her mouth bitterly.
“Howdy.”
Sirone’s gaze turned to Lian’s right arm.
“Oh, this?”
Although it was sloppy, something with a mechanical steel structure was installed.
“It’s quite useful. I don’t know how, but Mr. Ellis took care of it. He said he was a friend of Teacher Quan.”
It didn’t matter.
Why did Lian’s right arm get to this point, why couldn’t it be restored… … .
In case you were wondering, Tess said.
“Lian brought you. If it wasn’t for this, she wouldn’t have made it.”
I couldn’t hide my resentment.
“Rian feels fortunate, that he was able to save you. so… …
are you okay.”
Tess tried to put on a bright smile and smiled.
” ah.”
Sirone wanted to say something, but couldn’t think of anything to say.
“Go see. There will be many things you want to hear.”
I felt the sincerity in the friendly tone, but somehow I felt like a stranger.
After leaving the plaza, a long passage continued again, and rooms were installed on each wall.
“shit! How long are you going to stay in this filthy place? Asking me to eat a dish that doesn’t even come with an appetizer? is my dog I am Home Secretary!”
Sirone stopped for a moment and looked back.
Of course, he wouldn’t have gone out and saved someone in an urgent situation, but his aide would have had a different idea.
“sorry! I’m making a request to the superior right now… …
“I am the boss! Who in the world is higher than me in this place!”
As Sirone watched with indifferent eyes, an angry sound was heard from the end of the hallway.
“What is so noisy?”
was the top
‘Mr. Cyrano.’
Mito Cyrano, head of the International Tribunal for the Temple, and Bebeto Socrates walked side by side.
Upon discovering Sirone, she hesitated for a moment, but then she turned off her nerves and entered the room.
“Be quiet. Don’t you know that there are also injured?”
“you! How could you do this to me! don’t you know who i am At least I should give you a big room!”
Cyrano burst out laughing.
“Crazy.”
“What, what?”
“You are very mistaken, but you are no longer a minister. Because your country is gone. forever.” “And I’m not even an aristocrat. Because 99% of humanity is dead. The people left here are the whole world. There are no more policies for you to make and no paperwork to approve.”
’99 percent.’
Sirone was terrified.
‘I… … What have you done?’ The result was too disastrous to be called the price of losing one’s reason and rushing to the Buddha.
The Home Secretary burst into tears.
“Yeah, but… … . It’s too cold. Can you give me just one more blanket? huh?”
Cyrano sighed and turned around.
“Give me one more.”
“yes!”
After the aide’s greeting, Socrates asked as she headed toward the square.
“Wouldn’t it be better to make exceptions?”
“What do you know? The world is ruined, but whining about how cold it is means that you don’t deserve to live. It is better for others to soothe in moderation than to cry all night.”
“Hmm, you mean ‘someone who can fight’ is needed’?”
“Since Yahweh has awakened, this side must also move. The world map station will be decided tonight. Rom, Garto, Temica. The rules remain.”
“It sounds easy, but it won’t be easy. Even if there are only two people, one will try to dominate the other. Even if the world is ruined, politicians do not let go of their vested interests. It’s like seeing it.”
“are you okay.”
Cyrano didn’t care.
“Because now the power is a thug.”
Upon arriving at the plaza, the thug she spoke of, the heads of each country’s magic associations, were having a meeting.
“everyone.”
Everyone was polite when Cyrano appeared.
“Thank you for taking the difficult step. There is no time. To save the last chance, we must gather all our remaining forces. To do that, we need representation.”
Rufist came out.
“I was just talking about it. We have already caught the strands with Tormia.”
It was a country with a strong center in the standard of ‘a guy who knows how to fight’.
“great. Voting will be held tonight. Everyone, please go back and convince the representatives of each country.”
Flu broke in.
“I dare say, will it be all right? If they say no, things get more complicated.”
Cyrano’s solution was simple.
“Then kill me. All you have to do is create a new king to vote for Tormia.”
Flew, convinced, shrugged.
‘but?… “
It was also ridiculous to present a counterargument in the yard where he had already sent away the gis.
said the albino.
“The outcome of the vote is not important. The important thing is the fact that you voted. for example… … It gives the illusion that we are still civilized people.”
This was a little bit venomous.
“Albino-san, you’re all right.”
“Chuck! I’m sorry. I’m old enough to die if I get caught on a rock, but the world ends before me.”
“No, I mean it. Currently, the military is lacking a lot. I will ask for a good strategy in the future.”
“What am I… … . I also have a son.” Currently, Iruki is the leader of Valkyrie.
We were investigating the military situation in each country. Then Socrates chinned the square
pointed to
“Hey, look over there.”
Cyrano hated it.
“eww “
Garold, with his hair loose like a ronin, was walking along, lost in thought.
One of the presidents of the association muttered.
“… … Mikea Gaold.”
I attended a few gatherings when I was president of the association, but I was always treated like a madman.
Of course, it is not different now, but the achievements he made could never be disparaged.
“Move. This is my seat.”
Cyrano stood where the intimidated presidents opened the way.
‘Oh, that idiot.’
When I was the president of the association, I constantly bumped into it.
‘Still, the skills are certain.’
As the state of affairs is the state of affairs, we must shake off the past and maintain good relations.
Gaold stopped in front of Cyrano who blocked the road.
After a long time that made viewers feel awkward, Gaold finally opened his mouth.
“what?”
“??????what?”
“What?”
A good relationship sucks.
When the irritated Cyrano stepped aside, Gaold passed by and headed for the wall.
Rufist asked.
“What are you going to do?”
There was no answer.
“Make sure. I have to decide whether to put you on or take you off.”
“Extract.”
After a brief exhalation, he suddenly turned around.
“I will tell you only this.”
Instant madness flashed in the eyes that had reached the end of philosophy.
“When I fight, never by my side
Mara.”
The presidents of the association, who knew the true meaning of the words, swallowed their saliva, and Gaold sat down in a corner.
The look on Flew’s face, who had once followed him, was sorrowful.
‘I still respect you. summer solstice
only… …
He seemed so broken that he couldn’t do anything anymore.
Meanwhile, Sirone entered the large room, relying on Nade to walk.
The importance of this room seemed to be known from the most neatly decorated appearance with limited goods.
“Sirone.”
Seriel stood up first, and Jin Seong-eum, who was lying on the bed, raised her eyelids.
“… … did you come?”
Sirone was shocked to see her much leaner than when she returned from Hell.
Fermi explained.
“About 200 altars have been built in Iron. King Basak, Shura to be exact, has built 147 shelters under him. We sheltered all the last of humanity there. With etheric waves.”
It was a huge task just by imagining it.
“Currently, I cannot go out to the ground. Everything burned down, and the buildings turned to dust. I had to bring the commanders scattered to each shelter together. Jin Seong-eum tried again here. Simple agreements can be communicated through Chong’s communication magic, but… …
“for a moment.”
Sirone asked.
“Are you going to fight again?”
“okay.”
“why?”
The eyes of Seriel and Jin Seong-eum became pitiful.
“We are not fighting.”
“then?”
“you.”
Sirone.
“It’s a fight only for you.”
It was the only thing Fermi could do for Yahweh who gave everything for the world.

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-1268.txt
=============YYYYY=============
Cheolgeuk (2)
A shabby room in an underground facility.
While Iruki was writing numbers on the now precious piece of paper, Dorothy brought tea.
“drink.”
Other survivors couldn’t even taste it, but it was actually just boiled common grass.
≪Uh 99
Iruki, who was soothed by the hot tea energy, sighed and put down the pen.
“This is a serious situation.”
“well. Saying it’s serious sounds like a joke.”
Literally, humanity is destroyed.
Rather, it should be comfortable inside, but Iruki couldn’t let go of his heart.
“Is there any way to contact the ground forces?” Jin Seong-eum evacuated everyone with all his might, but there were those who remained voluntarily.
“You know, the moment you go up, you die. They take it and remain.”
Iruki looked down at the documents.
‘Those who remained on the ground.’
The information system was collected and mobilized, but it would not be accurate.
However, it was quite a large number, and Iruki quickly picked out the key figures among them.
‘Ikael. Ashur. Wizard. Yoojeong Son. Kira. Eden. and… …
Adrias Miro.
‘A confrontation between good and evil. Miro’s escape means that evil will win in the end… …
Iruki asked.
“How is Mr. Gaold?”
“It sounds like you’ve calmed down a bit now. Of course, no one can touch it.”
“Right.”
Iruki buried his face in his hands and thought.
‘Can I hold on?’
According to the information, the ground was no longer an environment in which living things could live.
The clock is zeroed in a dust storm caused by buildings all over the world collapsing into dust.
Havitz’s death field would burn the earth at high speed, and demons would roam around in search of survivors.
“It’s not safe here either.”
“Even if it’s an underground facility, it’s underground in reality. If the foil is completely burned, there will be a passage here as well.”
Iruki nodded.
“A cell burst above all else.”
According to Singh, the time when the power of Taegeuk was broken was at most 12 hours.
Dorothy asked.
“Can I stop it? It’s the most extreme code you can perform in the outside world.”
“I have to stop it.”
Iruki stood up from his seat.
“I can’t rely on Sirone. For the first time in my life, I am going into battle for myself.”
As a friend, I want to do something for you.
“The place we lean on… …
The door opens.
“Guy Taruman.”
Robberansteen and Tyra Lynn were waiting.
Where the survivors gathered in a circle, entertainers held a small concert.
Raina’s piano melody and Maya and El Qiana’s singing voices harmonized beautifully.
Raido, Cayden, and other soldiers were able to forget the reality for this moment.
When the performance was over, someone said.
“bravo.”
“Mr. Panier.”
The once most famous musician in the world was now clapping with people.
El Qiana asked.
“Where have you been? I heard that a famous entertainer came, do you know?”
“Of course you know. Because the guitarist I talked about earlier is that guy. Robberanstin.”
Maya took an interest.
“The one who insisted on his music until the end? But why don’t you come here? I want to hear it.”
“I’m not trying to do music.”
“then?”
Panier was troubled.
I heard about it roughly from Fermi, but it was still unbelievable.
‘Mado 7 girl.’
As he sat down, the entertainers gathered.
“Artists are sensitive to the word lazy. Actually, people like us, unless we pretend to do something every day, we look no different than unemployed people.”
Survivors laughed and listened.
“When I saw him, he would always sit idly by and think, then he would play a few words and then he would think again. A tantrum erupted and he hit it off a little too hard. He wrote a song every day and told me to bring it. He said that if he broke it, he would have no contract and no support.”
El Qiana asked.
“So did you write it?”
“of course. It’s pretty great too.” “I felt good. Because my prediction was right. If you can make that lazy musician diligent, you can succeed. So I took the whip more, more, more. Then one day, he suddenly stopped writing songs. It didn’t even appear in front of me. Not disappointed. To be honest… …
I’m sorry.
“It was a forced march. The moment I entered the studio, hundreds of sheets of sheet music were sprayed on my face and I screamed. Half mad.”
Panier looked back at the crowd.
“I am not trying to say that it is okay for an artist to be lazy or that one must be diligent to succeed. What I am saying is that the common sense we have agreed upon can be s@distic enough to scar the soul when applied to an individual.”
You should have respected yourself.
“He must have fought alone. Me, the world, and people’s eyes. He did what I asked every day to prove he was right. Now that I think about it, why should I? Couldn’t we just give a person who loves the guitar the freedom to fail? Couldn’t he have left him to protect even his own soul?” Panier confessed.
“And now, the Roberansteen I spoke of is dead. The one who came here now is Kitaru Man, the murderer of the 7 Madou Girls. Even in that unfortunate past, he committed some ridiculous crimes. There is no room for sympathy. but… …
Did you really have to fight this far?
“I don’t think that guy will sympathize with the world that has come to this point… …
The voice faded.
“That’s just a little bit sad.”
Sirone asked. “A fight for me?” “okay.” Does it mean that he, who has already lost everything, still has something to fight for?
said Fermi.
“When I first mined future information in Apocalypse, I was just thinking of using it. you did a good job After all, Omega ended according to God’s results.”
Sirone was speechless.
“That is how the world perishes. good so far But in fact we knew the world would end. I protected the future even while controlling the information to you.”
“Why?”
It was time to throw back the questions we had in the room.
“Because that can be changed.” “I felt out of place. We mined future destruction from Apocalypse. It belongs to someone who does not exist in the present, who must have been born in the future. In other words, all causes must be supported for any result to come out. then… …
Fermi raised his index finger.
“In the future world of the last apocalypse you went to, who left the records stored in the core?”
“Is that??????
Sirone’s eyes blinked.
“okay. god is not God is only the pure result itself. God can’t record the past. Because someone recorded the past, there is a future containing that past.”
“Who is it?”
Sirone asked.
“Who is the recorder?”
The one who recorded all the events until the end of Omega now exists in this world.
“Freemason.”
Fermi turned around.
“let’s go. He must be someone you know well.” Jin Seong-eum, who had come down from the bed before she knew it, was preparing to cast Ether Wave again.
Seriel said.
“Go. Check Seong-eum’s condition well. I will be preparing here.”
Seeing her precarious figure, Sirone said.
“Can’t we go to the ground? If it’s my magic… …
“no. There is no way. The place we are going to is a completely enclosed space with no exit or entrance.”
“No door?”
What I didn’t understand at first was, how on earth could they have survived there?
“I will know when I go.”
After Fermi’s words, Sungyin cast a spell.
As the etheric waves drew a certain space in front of my eyes, a dark wall approached.
“be careful. It’s a facade here, but it’s actually a vertical structure.”
Nade took the lead.
As he flew to the other side of darkness in an instant, Sirone followed him.
‘Suck.’
As he fell with his limbs spread out, he saw a small light shining in the distance.
‘It’s an incredibly deep place.’
Pizza Fermi and Jin Seong-eum, who settled down with fly magic and looked around, approached.
” Come this way.”
What I felt as I walked along with them was an electromagnetic field stronger than air.
Woo woo woo woo.
As it got closer to the light source, it had a field of view for a radius of about 20 meters.
“long-time… … only… … is, poetry… … Lorne.”
“Richard.”
The face of Ainka Richard, who was a member of the golden ring in school, was floating in the air.
Sirone cried.
There was nothing below the neck, only wires that were tied up and stretched out in all directions.
“You, how come… …
Richard adjusted the audio system.
“are you okay. Because it’s what I chose. In fact, this face is also a machine. It’s just a mental transfer. It’s okay to think that the real me is already dead. but… … Is it strange to say that I am dead now that I am here?”
It felt like a prototype of the outside world.
“Did you record Omega?” The reason why there was no humanity in the last record was because the recorder was also a machine.
“So what. The final version you received will be my data. But this is an old achievement.”
Fermi explained.
“Richard’s family Ainka runs the second largest alchemy foundation in the world. A foundation founded by the descendants of those who call themselves Freemasons. Their goal is to make mankind exist forever through science [Scientology].”
The sum of the causes was the effect of the outside world.
said Richard.
“well. Will I one day become a god and create the world for the Illuminati? don’t know What is certain is that since you met me, you still have a chance, sirone.”
“What is that… … ?”
Someone walked in the darkness outside.
The Five Great Stars of the Ivory Tower, Mirac Minerva, and the 4-star star, Seongnoe, appeared.
“Mr. Minerva.”
It was fortunate that she was safe, but she said to Sirone with an apologetic look.
“Isn’t it very difficult?”
“Yeah, what… …
The holy brain, Adam, came as a Gaian welcome.
“Yahweh. Descendant of the Guffin. All of this is my responsibility. Give me a chance to turn back.”
Again… … Is it human?
“We can save Amy.”
At Minerva’s words, Sirone turned her head.
“yes?”
Richard repeated.
“We can save Amy, Sirone. If you want to fight again, we will make it for you.”
While my heart beats fast, my head
was full of negative feelings.
“How is that possible?”
“It goes backwards in history.”
said Fermi.
“Use tachyons to create a cause for Amy not to die. I am fighting for you.”
“It’s a contradiction.”
Sirone’s thinking sped up.
“Any misunderstanding is just an illusion. If I go back to the past and save Amy, what will happen here now? Will Amy suddenly show up? Will Nade be different from now?”
Not like that.
“The world in which Amy survived must be a different universe from this one. It’s just one of the multiverses. Of course, if you give up your heart, you can live there. But if you don’t have a heart in the first place, why should it be Amy? This is exactly what God was trying to do to us.”
It’s enough when you get results.
“It’s different from protecting my heart with Ouroboros. This is to change your mind for the sake of the law. I can’t. You will never be able to come back here.”
“What if you could come back?”
Sirone turned around at Richard’s question.
“If you can return to the place where you threw your heart, Sirone, will you fight again?”
“In an infinite universe… …
In a multi-universe where you can create infinite patterns with just one finger.
“How do you find this place?”
said Richard.
“Iron Pole.”
It was the fixed, unchanging coordinates planted in this world by Amitabha Prajna and Veron of the Ten Commandments.

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-1269.txt
=============YYYYY=============
Cheolgeuk (3)
“Veron.”
Sirone knows.
The history of how the toad, who gained enlightenment just before being eaten by a snake, took on a human incarnation.
The question he had at the end of his eternal life was… … .
“Can the future be changed by human will?”
Veron problem.
If you have an iron core of thought, you may be able to find the hometown of your mind in the infinite universe.
“thank you.”
Sirone said.
“But I can’t. No, it’s impossible. Because I am no longer Yahweh.”
Tachyon is the reverse concept of hexa.
“okay. Amy died and I lost my fraternity. But now Amy isn’t the only one dead. 99% of humanity is gone. My parents too.”
The reason I didn’t bother to say it was because everyone here had lost someone they loved.
“If it were the same universe, that is, if the space were the same, I would be able to meet the Amy I love. But even that doesn’t change anything. I can’t come here.” said Adam.
“Because the time zone is different.”
“is it so. From the moment you save Amy, the universe will separate again and go to another world. If so, the result of the destruction of mankind in this time and space will not change. That means I can’t have fraternity either, and as a result… …
Sirone said grimly.
“Because it is not Yahweh, it is impossible to reverse causality in the first place.”
Silence passed.
“You guys are misunderstanding something. The multiverse is a phase coordinate with infinite time in infinite space. I, who make countless choices in the same time period, live in a different universe, and in the same space, there are countless me who are connected from the past to the future. Baron’s iron pole only solves the space problem. Even if I go back to the past and save Amy, it won’t change the present.”
The talking Sirone must have been hurt the most, but surprisingly, the party didn’t look serious.
Nade smiled as Sirone blinked.
“Of course I knew you would say that. Could it be that we didn’t even think of the time paradox? I know at least that going back to the past won’t change the future of the same universe.”
“??????what?”
said Fermi.
“First, fix the spatial coordinates with iron poles.”
Sirone’s head turned slowly.
“Then the remaining problem is the many time zones in the same space. If the future cannot be changed by the past, then the past and the future can all be merged into the present.”
“Wait a minute, how… … Sirone stopped talking.
” ah.”
“okay. time width.”
said Fermi.
“From the time you saved Amy to our current time, it blows up all the time barriers in between. Then you and we are just one present that exists in the same time zone, not the past and the future.”
The time paradox is resolved.
“but… …
Sirone’s words became urgent.
“The time width was integrated into the 11th sense? No, no matter how hard I try, I can’t escape the divine law without Tachion. I mean, you can’t handle both at the same time.”
“Depreciation Transaction Agreement.” Fermi held out a piece of paper.
“The reason I like this ability is that I can adjust the terms of the contract. This is sometimes far more important than which spell to lease, or removing a door. Anyway, your signature to hand over Time Vibration is written very accurately. You can check it.” It was not in Sirone’s memory.
“The trade of depreciation can only rent magic with the proceeds from the ability. I thought I was dying to match the amount. I’ll leave it to your imagination what the transaction cost was.”
I couldn’t hear the joke.
“Anyway, you can exchange them for chips at any time. More precisely, I can bring you back to the present.”
“Fermi… …
“At first it was a hypothesis.” The warm atmosphere was disgusting.
“Actually, I didn’t even think you would be persuaded by me. Because it was all about the concept of how to deceive God, without a specific plan like now. Amy really could have died. She is in an irreversible state.”
“But why?”
Did you accept the deal?
“They said they would trust me. You are.” “Honestly, I didn’t expect you to say such a thing. I couldn’t find a solution even after struggling with you for days. I don’t know if it was that desperate or if it really made me feel high, but… …
Fermi laughed bitterly.
“It was burdensome and my blood dried up/ I ended up doing a business that was losing money for the first time in my life.
“you… …
Sensing Sirone’s voice trembled, Fermi clapped his hands to change the mood.
“Okay, so now it’s my turn to answer. If you save Amy in the same space, I will pull you into the same time. Then what will happen?”
Fermi, who made a snap with his hand, copied what Sirone had said earlier.
“It’s like Amy pops up.”
It’s a reality.
“Huh…
A cry leaked out.
“Then you will be Yahweh again, and you will see a civilization cast into dust magically rise. The 99% of human beings who were sacrificed will also survive in our reality by riding the rapid flow of time waves. How is it, is this enough?”
The most picky customer in the world.
“really… …
Tears poured out of Sirone’s eyes.
“Can you save Amy? I… … Amy… … Can we really meet again?”
Nade smiled.
“You are changing the future, Sirone. Let’s give God a shot at making fun of us.”
Light emanated from Sirone’s body for a moment as she lowered her head and giggled.
Hexa-Miracle Stream.
When she raised her head again, there was no sense of defeat in Sirone’s eyes.
“I will. I will definitely save Amy.”
A fight only for yourself.
But in the end, Fermi was right because Syrone’s victory would save all of humanity.
Nade smiled bitterly.
‘How far are you looking?’ When she recalled her school days, she was still unlucky, but she understood Seriel’s feelings.
‘But I really had no idea, that the two of them were like that. I’ll have to ask Amy later.’
said Fermi.
“Then shall we begin the briefing now?”
Iruki sipped his tea, looking at Ranstin and Rin sitting across the table.
‘Surprisingly, he’s not arrogant.’
Rather, he was just looking down in a slightly intimidated posture.
‘indifference.’
I’ll lose any fight, so please don’t interfere in my life.
‘It won’t be easy.’
The artist Iruki saw was like a stranger living in the same building.
I decided to start from there, where I thought I knew about him, but in fact I didn’t know anything.
“I heard you said goodbye to your daughter a long time ago.”
live.
An aura equal to that of Gaold swirled around, but he succeeded in opening the door anyway.
“It was a cold.”
Lanston was the first to speak.
“It is a trivial disease. I was a little sick at first. Well, it must be because of me. Everything bad is because of me.”
“Couldn’t you go to the hospital?”
“… … Were you in the studio? He was probably playing the guitar. I like to play the guitar.”
He set a thorn in his last words.
It was as if he was desperately protesting that he would not be broken by anyone.
‘Do you really not remember?’
Reportedly, he was beaten up by a moneylender while trying to borrow money.
“I won’t.”
Ranstin continued.
“I should say thank you for saving my life. But it doesn’t matter. I don’t do anything.”
“Mr. Ranstin.”
“I am not a hitman. He kills people, but never gets paid. I don’t know. I don’t want to think. Please let me go back.”
“I’m not asking you to kill people.”
Lin raised her head.
I thought that what the head of humanity would say would be to kill someone anyway.
“It is much more difficult than that. Only you can do it. If we don’t make it, we all die.”
Ranstin didn’t seem to be in a bad mood.
I didn’t know if it was because everyone would die, or if it was because I was the only one who could do it.
“Can I play the guitar?”
“Inquire about Mr. Ranstin’s abilities. It changes the biowave and leads to death. He knows that the greater the number, the greater its power.”
“so?”
“In the next 8 hours, a catastrophe called Cellbuster will occur in the Arctic. It is a species called anti-cell that binds to humans and reduces cells until they become zero.”
Rin opened her eyes wide.
“wow.”
Iruki said.
’ ‘Please put off that calamity for seven days.’”
“grace?”
Isn’t that crushing?
“You won’t be able to stop it through private affairs. This is an unsolvable code. If you kill one, it becomes two, and if you destroy two, it multiplies into four again.”
like that… … 7 days.
“Are you calling me to die?”
“This is humanity’s last chance. The lifeline of this planet is in your hands.”
“It doesn’t matter.”
Ranstin continued.
“It’s important to be the last guitarist. It doesn’t matter if the world perishes or not.”
“Not necessarily. If you save all of humanity, your daughter will rejoice
Wouldn’t it?”
a huh 99
The first laugh was like a mockery, so Iruki didn’t say anything more.
‘I don’t know.’
After all, it was a strange neighbor.
said Fermi.
“Even if it solves the time paradox, it is rather tricky because of that. Events that happened in the past will affect the future. If you touch a case other than Amy, everything in the present might change.”
“It’s a bit tricky.”
I don’t have the right to be dissatisfied, but it was me and you who were fighting over cause and effect.
“History must be preserved. There are three things you need to do to solve this problem. First, a blueprint for the entire history of mankind. Second, the ability to compute that history. Third, an attendant to carry through the calculated history.”
It wasn’t that difficult.
“and.”
said Fermi.
“We have all three of these.”
Sirone was listening.
“First, a blueprint for the entire history of mankind. Uorin has this. Second, the ability to compute that history. This is made possible by the combination of Richard and the Holy Brain. And third, the 12 apostles will be in charge of maintaining the existing history as it is regardless of your actions.”
“Messiah.”
The 12 apostles came out of the darkness.
“you… … Sirone asked.
“What have you been hiding there all this time?”
The As-Skiker has arrived.
“The Messiah we serve is Yahweh of the age. He has no reason to speak to someone who has lost his status.” As Sirone’s eyes narrowed in sorrow, the Astriker looked back at his comrades as if embarrassed.
“Nong, that’s a joke.”
Poine the Poison Dragon said.
“Anyway, congratulations on getting back on track. Fight to your heart’s content. We will keep history.”
‘Yes, these are… …
apostle of time.
Those who perfectly protected the history of mankind against Ankera’s three resets
was

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-127.txt
=============YYYYY=============
[127] Island. Galliant(4)
Sirone’s party rented a wagon outside the port and went to the western resort. The wide white sandy beach was beautiful even from a distance. Numerous shops were lined up, and accommodations were built like mountain village houses along the mountain.
The place Lian rented was a villa located halfway up the mountain. As befits an aristocrat-only building, the site was large enough for four people to stay, and the view of the sea at a glance was satisfactory.
Sirone watched the sea from the terrace. The blue sea was foaming up and rushing into the white sandy beach.
As I watched the people leisurely bathing in the sea, I was able to forget the unpleasant dispute at the port for a moment.
Sirone and the others packed their belongings and lit a fire in the fireplace. After that, we gathered in the living room and relaxed for a while.
I was hungry because I hadn’t eaten anything except snacks from the morning until the afternoon.
Tess, who was thinking about what kind of food to eat to spread rumors that she ate well, bumped her palms as if she had come up with a good idea.
“Aha, should we rather eat?”
Ryan turned to her with a startled expression.
“What? Do you know how to cook too?”
“Huh, of course not. Did you think that you can’t even cook because you’re a prosecutor?”
“What else do I say? Military-style combat rations are acceptable.”
“What do you see a real person as? Do you know how to cook properly?”
Lian made a surprised expression. She hadn’t thought that the bum-like girl would say that she was confident in her cooking.
But this was exactly what Tess wanted. If I could imprint a different side of me on Lian, this trip was a great success.
“I’ll cook the most delicious dish for you, so you just need to buy the ingredients. how is it?”
“Hmm, is that so? Actually, it’s a bit like going out to eat from the first day, isn’t it? Sirone, how are you?”
“I’m fine too. The food you eat outside is delicious.”
Amy opened her mouth cautiously.
“then… … Shall I, cook?”
All eyes were focused on Amy. Of course, she wasn’t like Tess, so it wasn’t like she couldn’t cook.
However, he hadn’t expected that the miser-like personality would make food for men by herself.
Tess sensed Amy’s heart with a woman’s sense of smell.
‘Sirone, to be precise? Huhu, you have a very cute personality unlike what you see?’
Tess was strongly in favor. If the two could reconcile on this occasion, there would be nothing better.
“good. Let’s have a cooking showdown! Ryan vs Sirone! The two of them will get the ingredients and we’ll prepare to cook. how is it?”
Everyone agreed, and Sirone and Lian headed to the market with the list of ingredients the women had written down.
As the men disappeared, the atmosphere softened.
Tess, who was standing side by side washing the dishes, turned to Amy with mischievous eyes and asked.
“Is this your first time?”
“huh? What are you talking about?”
“You know just by looking at it. Wasn’t it your first fight with Sirone? You could clearly see they were flustered while arguing.”
Amy hurriedly returned her gaze to the tableware.
“We didn’t fight, it wasn’t the first time we fought, and it wasn’t even a fight for love.”
Tess giggled at the sorcerer’s three-level denial.
Wizards are said to be insidious because they are different from the outside, but in this case, it seemed rather cute.
“Still, did you keep a meticulous list of ingredients? Ho-oh, now that I see it, are you noticing tickling?”
Amy stopped washing the dishes and thought. She was between girls anyway, so she couldn’t say anything. In the end, she surrendered to Tess’ questioning and confessed her inner feelings.
“Sirone… … Sometimes it feels faint.”
“Oh, is it faint? That is poetic.”
Amy laughed, as if it was strange even to think of it.
“But it is true. Should I be transparent? As if it would disappear right in front of your eyes. Perhaps it is because Sirone has a different perspective than other people.”
“A different view? Could it be that you have eyes in strange places?”
“It could be. Most people see the world from their own point of view. But some people extend their horizons to the point of view of others. We usually call such a person a personality.”
“Hmm, if you think about it like that, I’m definitely not a person. You never know what other people think.”
“So do i. But Sirone is different. He’s kind and considerate, but I think the biggest factor is his different point of view.”
Tess smiled as if realizing it.
“aha! So the point is that he supported those bullies and didn’t take Amy’s side. yes? Right?”
Amy scratched her cheek in embarrassment.
“Well what… … . But if he was just a nice guy, he’d think so. But Sirone is different. In a sense, he has a different perspective than a person with personality.”
“A different view? What other sights do you have?”
Amy raised her index finger and pointed at the ceiling.
“Is it an omniscient point of view?”
“Omniscient… … ?”
“huh. When Sirone begins to see the world from an omniscient point of view, Sirone fades. It is different from us and different from any other human being. It is probably because he has an extremely high field of view where even his own existence is seen as a mere dot.”
Amy still remembers it vividly. The moment Shirone opened the Immortal Function without hesitation in order to save her entire school.
How could that be? It was different from suicide. Giving one’s life for others was a thousand times harder than choosing death for one’s own pain.
“When Sirone becomes transparent… … The boundary between self and others is blurred. Even you yourself become just a single human being just like everyone else. When you look down at the world from that point of view, what dominates Sirone? I think it’s a balance If one side of the scale tilts even slightly, Sirone will be able to get on the other side without hesitation. Even if the scale is death.”
“Ah, nonsense. Where would such a person be? Isn’t that a literal visionary?”
“But it is true. Because I am the one who benefits from that balance. No, all the students at the magic school were saved by Sirone.”
Tess couldn’t close her gaping mouth. One student saved the lives of all students. How much longer do we have to be surprised before we can say we know about Sirone?
A look of sadness crossed Amy’s face.
“I just had a thought. When Sirone stopped me, I wondered if maybe I was just a small dot looking at it from a high place. Sirone is with me. No, no different than anyone else. That’s why I’m excellent as a mage, but sometimes I’m sad.”
Tess gently shook Amy’s shoulder.
“Amy, don’t think so. Sirone really cares for you. So even though she thought it was a couple trip, she was asking you for a favor. You’re not like the common people on the streets. Always Karmis Amy.”
Amy smiled at Tess’ sincere encouragement. But that didn’t change her mind.
How much value does the existence of others have to Sirone, who coldly throws away even her own life?
“Amy, tell Sirone instead. Why didn’t you listen to me? He said he couldn’t sleep because he was so sad and angry. Can you talk like that?”
Amy smiled and shook her head.
“Sirone should know. The reason why you didn’t refute my words was because you were convinced. don’t worry too much it will be released soon It’s just like you said, it’s awkward because it’s the first time.”
Tess, with her direct personality, was frustrated. Once your feelings are offended, shouldn’t you call the person involved and put an end to it?
However, Amy ended up saying that there was nothing to talk about because everyone knew each other.
“Whoa, I don’t know how wizards think.”
* * *
Sirone and Lian arrived at the general store alley. The list of ingredients written on each piece of paper was different, so I felt like I would miss the evening when I looked around the maze-like shopping mall.
Sirone thought it would be better to move separately.
“Let’s break up here. I think I can just buy something and go back to the villa.”
“Is that so? But can you lift it by yourself? It must be heavy.”
Sirone looked at Lian with an absurd expression. No matter how weak you are, can’t you even lift garlic, onion, and pepper? Even though he had sworn an oath to become a knight, worrying about his shopping cart was not an option.
“it’s okay! I’ll take care of myself, so don’t get lost. You know it’s a cooking showdown, right? The loser washes the dishes.”
“good! Get along with Amy and let her do the dishes. It’s better to hope that you lose. If you want to reconcile with Amy.”
“What is reconciliation? We didn’t even fight.”
“huh? Didn’t you fight in the harbor? So, are you in a situation where you feel awkward with each other?”
“Amy is not so narrow-minded. There was just a little disagreement. If we exchange opinions with each other, anything can happen.”
“haha! You idiot, that’s what you call a fight.”
Sirone stopped talking. It was like that before, and it is like that now. When he heard that Ryan was an idiot, he felt strangely embarrassed.
“Anyway, it’s okay. I’ll go buy vegetables first, so see you at the villa.”
“Then I have to cut off meat first. Go first!”
Sirone stared blankly at Lian, who was charging toward the butcher shop. Just watching him run, he couldn’t imagine how much meat he would cut off.
Sirone checked the note Amy had written. I don’t know what kind of dish it is, but there were no hard-to-find ingredients.
However, the number of ingredients was more than that of Lian, so I had to work diligently to make it on time.
Sirone went around for about 30 minutes and bought most of the ingredients. At the same time, I also did sightseeing, and maybe because it was a resort, there were many unique and mysterious shops.
Vending machines with products and games were popular, and various performances and street marches were not uncommon.
For a commercial district to focus on entertainment to this extent, a huge number of tourists had to come in without a break.
As the saying goes, the streets were overflowing with people, and the sound of free laughter that could not be felt on the continent embroidered the southern sky.
‘Wow, there are so many interesting shops. I’ll have to play here tomorrow.’
After finishing the chapter, Sirone headed back to the villa.
At that moment, the door of the shop in front of me opened wide, and a woman fell to the floor as if being pushed.
“Kyaaaaagh!”
“Kyaa?”
Sirone’s head tilted at the strange scream. But she quickly came to her senses and moved closer.
It was a woman in her mid-twenties. She had bobbed hair and she had her bangs straight along her eyebrows, but thanks to her pretty face, she didn’t look ridiculous.
“Why, why are you like this? What do you think I did wrong?”
The woman got up and covered her chest with her arms. She was wearing a dress that cut her chest like a saloon woman.
His eyebrows were thin and his eyes were sharp, but his expression with the huge man in front of him looked as gentle as a herbivore.
“Hey, why are you doing this? We want to play together.”
“I am not that kind of girl!”
“No, what isn’t it? If you go around wearing that at a tourist destination, just ask. Why don’t you come and play with me?”
The person who intimidates the woman is a man named Gamos, who was a famous wealthy man on Galliant Island.
It was a huge body, but it was far from muscle, so it was made of scaffolding, and the abdominal obesity was especially serious.
However, the power of money seemed to be frightening, and on the left and right were accompanied by strong bodyguards.
“Follow me when I say nice things. To be honest, you’re not in a position to leave, are you?”
“Help me! Help me!”
Even while Gamos grabbed the woman’s wrist and was dragged away, no one stopped her.
Tourists don’t like to get involved in dangerous things in other places. Also, the locals were afraid of Gamos’ influence.
—————————————

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-1270.txt
=============YYYYY=============
Cheolgeuk (4)
said Richard.
“Here’s how. I, the final recorder, transmits Apocalypse’s information to Kara Torsa, the martial arts dragon. Kara Torsa will share information with the 12 apostles, and actually carry out the history provided by Uorin and calculated by Adam.” “Yes, it will be very precise work. On the other hand you are free. Whatever you do, save Amy. If it fails, try again using the coordinates of the iron pole. eternally.”
said Fermi.
“You will come into contact with our past, but you will have to go back in time yourself.”
Sirone cannot be in the present.
“It is because the time and space you are moving into is the time and space we are trying to protect. In this way, you and Cheolgeuk interact with each other to prevent falling into another universe.
is.”
said Nade.
“The iron pole is on the ground where we are. We will defend under Shura’s leadership. And at the center of that iron play, Wurin will provide a new history every time you return. With future poetry and history search.”
Sirone’s expression became serious.
“That means there are limits.”
said Richard.
“Cheolgeuk is a concept, but Woorin is a living being. Durability doesn’t last forever. The more you repeat the regression, the more exposed you are to the time waves. Since he is basically a Gaian, he will last much longer than a human, but the opportunities are not infinite.”
“Uorin… …
“Remember, Sirone. This is your fight, but the outcome of that fight will determine the fate of mankind. If you save Amy, we all live, and if you don’t save Amy, we all disappear.”
said Adam.
“She is the woman who has the biggest stake in this situation. She has something to blame for her too. However, she is not completely convinced. I would positively consider it, but he said he wanted to talk to you first.”
The one who split Ultima.
“I will meet you.”
In the end, we have no choice but to meet.
Perhaps Uorin had vaguely anticipated this situation.
said Fermi.
“Then go up again. All preparations should be finished within today. I do not have time.”
Minerva approached while Jin Seong-eum cast an etheric wave and set the coordinates.
“Sirone, do you remember the promise we made earlier?”
“If it’s a promise… …
“I won when I raced to North Eymond. Let the loser grant the wish.”
“ah.”
“My wish, I will tell you now.”
She didn’t know why it was now, but Sirone nodded.
“Don’t save me.”
“yes?”
“In the history of the 12 apostles, you will do your best to save Amy. But also, no one in this time and space would want anything wrong.”
It was true.
“But you can use my history however you like. Salvation doesn’t suit me.” A rare great witch who caused great disasters around the world with 〈Slaughter the Law〉 and The Walking Dead.
Did he think that he could not atone for his sins by struggling with the five great stars of the ivory tower?
‘or not… … Is it because no life can wash away the trauma of childhood?
“all right.”
Sirone agreed.
“When the moment of choice comes, I will make a decision.”
Minerva knew that she was never a person who would give up on others, but… … .
“thank you.”
It was enough for her.
Just before leaving the space of the recorder, the perfect closed room, Sirone turned around and said.
“Richard, I will beat God.” Maybe Richard could one day become a god, but he smiled.
“Hey, don’t I look great?”
“haha.”
humans lived
Sirone sincerely believed that humans were the ones who lived in this world.
As Jin Seong-eum pulled the space, Seriel on the other side of the boundary asked anxiously.
“are you okay?”
Everyone crosses the space, and Jin Seong-eum sits on the bed with her support.
“You’ll be fine if you rest a little.”
Sirone nodded and said.
“Then, while Seongeum is taking a break, I will meet Urin. Where are you now?” said Adam.
“I will take you.”
“I will go alone. I think that would be good.”
Realizing from Sirone’s words, Adam explained the location of Uorin’s residence.
Cirone, who followed what he had heard, arrived at the gate of the isolated area.
“Uorin.”
When there was no answer, he opened the door himself, and Uorin, whose calf was bandaged, smiled.
“Here you are, Sirone.”
Her expression as she limped while being supported by Kido was so bright.
“I was waiting. I have something to tell you… …
match! and her cheek turned.
Kido’s eyes widened, and Uorin didn’t move as if he had been slapped on the cheek.
Sirone also knows.
I tried to keep my cool, but I lost my temper the moment I saw her smiling face.
It was the reason I wanted to avoid Uorin.
“haha.”
she laughed heartily.
“Yeah, well, I did something wrong. So can I just finish with this? Now… …
At that moment, tears flowed down Sirone’s cheeks.
“??????why’?”
Did you ruin everything?
As if hearing those words, Wu Lin was sad, but she tried to put on a cheerful attitude.
“Whoa, do you think I hate myself? But what to do? Everything is in my hands now.”
I didn’t want to end the event prepared just for this moment with sad feelings.
“Do you need me? Of course I have a doctor who can help me. My condition is that you love me… …
“I will.”
Woorin’s mouth was closed.
“I will do anything. I will do everything you ask… …
Sirone begged.
“Save Amy. It’s okay if you’re not with me. I’ll do anything you want… …
This time, even Uorin couldn’t stand it and her eyebrows curled upward.
I struggled to hold back the cry that was about to burst out.
“Tell me you love me.”
“love you.”
It was a heart that could not be filled.
“Tell me you will be by my side forever! Say you love me, Uorin, not Amy!”
“I will be by your side for the rest of my life.”
Uorin gritted his teeth.
‘I won.’
Not wanting to show her tears, she turned around and struggled to raise the corner of her mouth.
‘Sirone is mine. Say you love me.’
She said.
“okay.”
It could have been much harsher than now, but she didn’t want it any more.
“I’ll do it. Go get Amy.”
It was then that Kido realized.
Uorin, Lilith, and Mitochondrial Eve said that I really loved Sirone.
‘That’s love.’
From the beginning of mankind until now, a woman who has been waiting for this moment… … .
‘true love.’
Wu Lin said.
“Go now. It’s all over. save humanity I don’t even have the right to say that.”
As Sirone approached, she hurriedly turned away.
“go.”
As if it hadn’t even started… … Don’t even think it’s over.
“Go! go!”
Even comforting her could be harsh, so Sirone left the room gloomily.
I didn’t think it was Eve’s atonement.
He only kept the pure kindness of the woman who loved him deep in his heart.
The door closed, and Uorin wept bitterly, pouring out all the tears she had been holding back.
Kido has arrived.
“Hey, are you okay?”
“hug me.”
Wu Lin sobbed and said.
“I’m going crazy because I’m lonely. It feels like there’s a hole in my chest. Kido, please.”
Kido couldn’t do anything.
Sing urgently approached Sirone, who returned to the plaza after meeting Urin.
“Here you are. Come this way.”
Upon entering the resistance command room, Cyrano and other executives were gathered.
Lethe, the manager of the underworld, is looking at the world map, and next to her… … .
“Taesung.”
There was also a manager of the planet.
“Sirone.”
Unlike the time when she stabbed her heart and spat out cold words, she seemed frightened.
“then… … me too… …
It wasn’t that I lacked courage, I really didn’t know what to say.
“thank you.”
But Sirone knew.
“For taking the side of humanity. It doesn’t matter if it’s an error or a heart. Because we fight together.”
If it wasn’t for her decision, humanity wouldn’t even have one last chance.
Sirone turned to Thing.
” are you okay?”
If it was betrayal, she wouldn’t be able to handle it either.
“I don’t think my questions have been answered. You persuaded me, so I just trust you.”
Lethe said.
“Let’s stop the rubbish later and get to the main point. Yahweh, have you met the Omega recorder?”
Sirone nodded.
“Then it should be easy to explain. I will advance the departure schedule. Parkji is disappearing faster than expected.”
It was Satan’s will.
“Me and Taesung endured as much as possible, but it was not enough. After 6 hours, demons will infiltrate. And then… … It will be the last war of mankind.”
“When do I leave?”
“the faster, the better. Currently, humanity is about to vote on the world leader. Yahweh must leave before then. Please finish the preparations within the next hour.”
‘1 hours.’
It was a trip only for myself, alone.
Kido stood there blankly.
“What are you doing?”
Even when Uorin sat on the floor asked, he thought it couldn’t be like this.
“Uorin, this is desperation.”
“it is not so.”
Everything for Sirone.
“You have to deal with time waves every time you go back and forth between iron poles. Two are better than one.”
taste of memory.
If Kido ate Uorin’s blood, the station’s durability doubled.
“Then, just give me some blood.”
Wu Lin shook her head.
“Kido, you will die with me. And now I’ve done it all therefore… … are you okay.”
“It’s not okay!”
Kido was angry.
Even if she couldn’t love, the Kashan empress had to always be a noble woman.
“I mean, I am a monster.”
She gave a slightly surprised expression, then smiled.
” me too??????
no.
“I am a monster too.”
Kidou closed his eyes tightly.
I know the truth, but I never wanted to hear it.
“Huh.”
Kido approached with tears in his eyes and propped up Uo Rin’s back and laid him on the floor.
‘Vanishing.’
It was the only consideration a goblin could do.
“I love you, Uorin.”
Although she would never be able to perceive it, Uorin closed her eyes as if she had sensed something.
“ha??????
An excited moan.
And Kido bit Uorin’s neck with the kindest violence.
taste of memory.
universe.
The planet was in a state of burning black.
There is not even a trace of the sea, only net-like lava flows over the black land.
“Huh.”
Harvits inhaled.
As the embers revived in the body like a dead body, the planet’s lava burned hot.
“ha.”
When he exhaled, the light also weakened.
In the inhalation and exhalation of death, even the demons trembled in fear.
“????????
As the molten iron exploded on the rapidly heated ground, the demons crouched down.
“Heheuk!”
When touched by Satan’s fire, they too became charcoal.
“Wizard.”
Harvey’s face contorted.
“Where are you?”
The entire planet turned into a death field, but her location was not captured.
‘Hidden somewhere I don’t know.’
already burned to death
The planet began to sizzle as the Havitz, who was unpleasant to either side, sucked in the air.
“Wizard!”
And at this moment, the victory of evil was officially confirmed at the Terra Force Supreme Court.

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-1271.txt
=============YYYYY=============
Cheolgeuk (5)
Terraforce Supreme Court.
The Supreme Court justices had already left, but the judges who did not give up their will remained.
“You are too hasty! The battle between good and evil is not over! Aren’t there any polar lines left?”
The reason why Terraforce quickly confirmed the victory of evil was because of the fate of the universe.
“If you procrastinate here, the universe really closes! Judge, do you want that?”
“It didn’t happen. The judge of the universe must think only of the present.”
“Look at the present. What is left of humanity? No user can live on this land. Civilization is gone, resources and creatures are extinct!”
only pain
“denial! Formally appeal!”
“There is no time for that! Each attendant, enforce the Supreme Court’s final verdict! Those who disobey are redemption!”
The door of the courthouse opened, and those equipped with plasma swords in both hands rushed in.
“Judge! It must be like this!” Appealing the Supreme Court’s ruling was an unusual situation even in the history of Terraforce.
“… … Couldn’t it be helped?”
Even if it had a standard that transcended human beings, it did not reach the 11th sense.
“It follows the great principles of Terraforce established by the creator. We are trying to strike a balance.”
They are also God’s creatures.
In silence, the attendants
They surrounded the opposition judges in a circle.
“Restriction.”
Prison of Balance.
They all disappeared into a space that contained anything that was out of balance with the universe.
A scorching dust storm blew over the charred land.
“Whoa. Whoa.”
A woman walked through the grayish curtain and covered her nose and mouth with a cloth.
It was Maze, the guardian of the last line.
“Help me!”
When she stopped at the sound of the wind, a girl came running.
‘Survivor.’
Although 99% of all mankind died, there would still be those who remained on earth.
Of course, it wouldn’t be long.
“Hehehe! Catch it!”
A demonic wagon led by skeletal horses was hunting the girl.
I could have killed it already, but it seemed like I was playing with the few toys.
“Thousands Arms Guanyin.”
As the incarnation of the maze soared high, the demons in the wagon looked up.
“uh?”
The incarnation of Kannon was looking down at the ground in the gray curtain that swayed like a curtain.
“Lightning.”
Woo woo woo woo!
As the burial fell vertically, the demons were crushed to the ground at the same time as the wagon.
The girl groaned with dry lips.
“iced coffee.”
“Are you okay?”
Whether the opponent in front of me was an enemy, an ally, a dream or a living being, there was only one thing to say.
“water. Water, please… …
Miro delivered the water with magic.
When the sun was gone, the focus returned to the girl’s eyes and she began to cry bitterly.
“Aww! Aww!”
There was no need to ask what had happened.
“It’s luck. Do you know where the demons are gathered? Any other survivors besides you?”
“no. I don’t even know where I’m from. I was about to die… … so scary… …
At that time, the wind of the storm completely changed and Terra Force’s ships appeared in the gray sky.
“What is it again?”
“It’s polar.”
I turned my head at the voice I heard close by, but only a transparent shape shimmered.
“Are you the Supreme Court?”
When the stealth was released and the appearance of an alien creature appeared, the girl was startled.
“Hey!”
Miro asked.
“what’s the matter?”
“The decision of the Supreme Court has been made. From this time on, mankind has been determined to have been defeated by evil in the battle between good and evil.”
Looking at the current situation, I can understand it, but there were also unfair points.
“You mean? You are the Supreme Court judge.”
“I make the sentence, but the judgment follows the three principles of the Terra Force race. It was unavoidable.”
“You couldn’t stop it?”
“I could have taken the time. But I thought this was better than fighting there.”
If they had fought in the Supreme Court, the Supreme Court Justices would also have been imprisoned in the prison of balance.
“Quick judgment is good, but for what?”
“Right now, survivors are trying to turn things around. And this is my personal opinion… …
After thinking for a moment, the judge spat out.
“It makes sense.” “Of course, the odds are not high. On the contrary, if we fail, we cannot prevent the annihilation of the universe. In other words, human failure leads to the extinction of the Terraforce race.”
“And you still want to bet on us?”
“Ultima.”
The judge nodded.
“Terraforce is superior to humanity, but has not reached Ultima. Maybe he saw the reason. It seems that Ultima is not made only by intellect.”
Miro savored the words.
“What can I do?”
“Hold on.”
There was no time for a long talk.
“Poor good, you cannot defeat evil alone. Good and evil, ball and child, separated from one thing. The moment one side overwhelms, humanity loses its direction.”
“Then how do you win?”
“Winning is also the methodology of evil. When everything between good and evil interlocks, humanity will make the final choice. We have to endure until then.” Terra Force’s ship approached from afar.
“You must not forget that you are polar. The moment you fail to keep your position, the balance will tip sharply. The child will lose strength, evil will arise, and gong will win.”
Terra Force’s attendant approached while releasing stealth.
“Let’s go.”
“… … keep in mind Good is what prevents evil, not what hates evil.
O”
They disappeared and sirens rang out in the sky.
The girl gaped and opened her mouth.
“… … oh my god.”
Plasma flashes were intercepting the ground.
Cuckoo Cuckoo!
Terra Force’s attack on the planet was transmitted to the survivors underground.
Even in the room where the residents of the Ivory Tower were gathered, I could feel the vibration of my heart.
“You are impatient.”
‘Card players’ were sitting around a round table and trading hands.
“It must be to end the war before the world closes. not bad. The demons will also disappear.”
“But doesn’t that mean that Terraforce is also predicting the ball’s victory?”
Silence passed.
“Victory. Is that possible? Good and evil, everyone is a pole, so there is no higher hand.”
Like the four patterns of aces.
“Hmm, this is a maid problem. Good and evil can choose Gong and Ae, and Gong and Mourning can choose between Good and Evil. Depending on the combination, the meaning is completely different.”
“Yes!”
Gudio hit the table.
“The winner of this game is not Good and Evil. They only make tiles, and there is someone else who chooses.”
“… … It’s not four people.”
“okay. It was a five-player game from the start. What combination will remain. that’s the heart So, the last thing we need is… … A human player.
Mais grabbed her head.
“damn! I should have noticed then, when Mr. Minerva bet all her fortune. that’s not a variable It was such a game in the first place. We were the ones who didn’t know the rules.”
Of course, Minerva did it unknowingly, but that’s why this game was established.
thud! said Ness, inserting the dagger into the very center of the table as if planting an iron pole.
“One more! Anybody quick!”
“Can I get in?”
Even those who are mad at gambling are in the ivory tower
As the 3-star Rampa approached, his expression changed.
“Ah, Mr. Lampa.”
“I sold my ability, and all I have left is money, but I think I’m the perfect fit.”
“Sit down.”
Gudio explained the rules.
“We will assemble our respective hands. You just have to bet on who will win.”
“haha.”
Lampa laughed.
“That’s a very interesting game.”
Shura has arrived.
“Let’s begin.”
Nodding her head, Sirone followed her up the stairs to the ground.
“ah.”
Amy’s older brother Diane and younger Ares were waiting for Sirone.
“hello.”
I don’t know about Ares, but it was the first time I’d seen Diane at Amy’s house.
“Yeah, it’s been a while.”
Sirone said with a firm expression.
“sorry. I couldn’t keep This time, Amy must be… …
“Don’t overdo it.”
“yes?”
“I don’t know. time or space. but i’m not sure about this You are not going to get your lost item back. I am going to meet someone who is alive.”
“My sister just fought her own fight. So what’s the outcome, said Diane, lowering her head.
“I hope you respect Amy’s thoughts and choices.”
Sirone thought.
‘ also??????
It was the Karmis family.
“yes. I will fight with all my might.”
Dai An’s words in the face of a journey that risked his entire life surprisingly relieved tension.
Ares winked and gave a thumbs up, and Sirone finally reached the ground.
The first time I came out after regaining consciousness was much more intense than I had imagined.
No, there was nothing.
” Come this way.”
A man with a horn on his forehead was guarding the altar that Nane had destroyed.
“Huama.”
4th in the Order of the Ten Commandments, Huama (Kumkang Yacha).
He had been waiting for this day, guarding the altar ever since Veron passed away.
“Shura, you are late.”
“How is the situation?”
“not good. I can hear the cries of demons, and there are strange flying objects floating in the sky.”
He glared fiercely at Yahweh’s face, and turned to the entrance with a chin gesture.
“come in.”
Uorin and Kido had already arrived.
“Kiddo.”
Knowing what it meant to be together made Sirone even more sad.
Shura explained.
“All within the radius of the altar are iron poles, but I chose this place to block foreign powers. Yahweh, we will protect Uorin and Kido while you repeat the past.”
It was their ability.
“Anyway, this place can’t last long because of the Earth Annihilation Wave. The resistance will defend it to the end, but… …
It didn’t mean I wasn’t comfortable.
“okay.”
Sirone went to Kido.
“Sorry. You always get help. I feel like I can…”
“it is not so.”
Kido shook his head.
“It is really happy to have something in life that you want to dedicate your whole life to. yes?”
There were times when it was all about feeding and breeding.
“I got a lot.”
Even if it’s an endless thirst.
“thank you.”
Lived a wonderful life.
“key… …
Feeling like she was about to burst into tears, Sirone stopped talking and hugged the little goblin.
Kido laughed and said.
“Are we friends?”
Sirone nodded, and Kido, who had pushed Shirone away, opened the way.
Woorin was waiting.
“Bye.”
His eyes were a bit empty, but instead of the venom of the past, there was a youthful kindness.
“yes.”
I owed a lot, I thought.
‘Interaction.’
After all, humans are weak beings who have no choice but to live by relying on each other.
“I will be back.”
But I won’t depend on God.
‘Tachion.’
Sirone also gave her all to plant an idea in this universe.
‘It must be changed.’
the future.
The consciousness released into imaginary particles transcended time and space and disappeared into the realm of infinite nothingness.

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-1272.txt
=============YYYYY=============
final chapter (1)
infinite space.
‘Everything is an illusion.’
However, a phenomenon that cannot simply be called an illusion because the mind is directed toward it.
‘This is my beginning.’
The first misunderstanding Sirone chose was when iron poles were planted in this world.
You probably don’t have to check, but I wanted to make sure I was on my long journey.
Earth Temple of the Ivory Tower.
When he opened his eyes, what he saw beneath his feet was his beautiful blue planet.
‘and… …
Veron, who had just planted an iron pole, was receiving Nane’s sermon from the ground.
Nane’s sword became infinitely huge, and left a single wound on the earth as if it were razing the planet.
Taesung asked.
“How about this? I know it because I’ve dealt with it myself. If it were Sirone, would it be possible to stop the current sermon?”
Her words were proof.
‘I’m back.’
Taeseong frowned.
“… … Sirone?”
Rather than not having an answer, the problem was the look in Sirone’s eyes that seemed to know everything.
“Taesung.”
“Ah, I… …
As if a system crash had occurred, she looked as perplexed as ever.
‘If I tell the truth, history will change.’ Of course, the trio of the 12 apostles, Uorin, and Richard will stick to the existing history.
“I’ll be back.”
It was meaningless anyway.
His body was released by the light of the Miracle Stream, and he arrived at the earthly altar in an instant.
Veron, who was about to die, said to Shura.
“Go to Hexa. Don’t make the meaning I left behind in this world meaningless.”
“No! You know how much I hate that kid! What about the Ten Commandments?”
In a slightly twisted history, Sirone could hear their conversation for the first time.
‘Did I know?’
Eventually, Shura came to him, and the iron pole he left behind became humanity’s only hope.
Sirone looked up at the sky.
‘me : yes.’
The moment I saw his face contemplating the world indifferently, the fire boiled inside again.
‘If you subdue the Buddha… …
An unhappy future does not come.
Raising the ability of the mind to the limit, Sirone quickly headed towards Nane.
‘Hand of God.’
Even at that time, they clashed over the truth of the universe, but looking back, how immature they were.
‘It’s not like that. Truth is… … It was the heart of all mankind and the pain equivalent to it, which cannot be defined by simple logic.
“me : yes!”
Nane’s eyes widened as the Photon Cannon was born on the palm of the giant light.
“That… …
What kind of realization is this?
However, the surprise was short-lived, and Nane’s body shuddered and her eyes went blank.
“Sirone.”
Slightly angry tone.
Nane held out her palm toward the photon cannon that pierced the atmosphere at tremendous speed.
Daeil Yeolae.
The Buddha’s realm, equivalent to Yahweh, made Nane’s body as bright as the sun.
pop
The Photon Cannon was destroyed in vain, and Nane asked with a sad expression.
“Yahweh, are you really unable to give up?”
‘Tachion.’
I also reached this point by transcending time and space with an imaginary signal.
‘As expected, it’s not easy.’
Sirone said.
“You really give up. I have to go this far, to be considerate of mankind’s earnestness.”
“If that heart wakes up, is it just an illusion?”
Nane’s arms moved.
“If you can’t get rid of the passions, you have no choice but to endlessly repeat the reincarnation of the Sabah world.”
Cuckoo Cuckoo!
The incarnation of Dainichi Nyorai, rising above the horizon, began to put his palms together as if to contain the world.
Painful memories came to mind.
‘no.’
” tree.”
Even the chant Nane recited made my mind dizzy like a trauma.
” Customs??????
Sirone turns around.
“Amy!”
The two palms of Dainichi Nyorai gently covered the world and touched completely.
“Mumum.”
One life was lost.
I didn’t see it with my own eyes, but it was vivid in my head as if I had seen it.
“??????uh’?”
Nane’s face was seen in the eyes of Sirone, who turned her head stiffly.
“Do not ignore the truth, Yahweh.”
“???????? uh uh?”
The next moment, Sirone, imbued with tremendous life force, was shot at Nane like an arrow.
“Naneeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee
and.
“Sermon.”
The world flared up, and Sirone’s consciousness was cut off.
“Huh!”
In the realm of infinite infinity where nothing exists, Sirone opened her eyes to consciousness.
‘mistaken.’
It felt like my heart was being torn apart.
‘I’m sorry, Amy.’
Thus, the first journey ended without ever meeting the person he loved.
‘But now I know.’
The moment Sirone tries to change Nane’s life, Nane is also tracking her.
‘There must be a way. As long as Amy is alive, she can fight with Yahweh. If only I defeat you… …
Things will be easier than you think.
“Goes.”
After the second illusion, the universe began to be born again in the realm of infinite infinity.
As long as there was an iron pole, there was no fear of getting lost.
Uorin’s brow furrowed.
“Huh!”
Sirone’s tachyon was exposed to the time wave while acting on the iron pole.
“Has the first round already ended?”
Kido’s expression wasn’t good either.
Getting hit by a wave faster than normal time felt like life itself was being consumed.
“How fast is it?”
Uorin shook her head.
“I don’t know. There is no fixed value because it is in the form of vibration, but about 8 hours have passed per second.”
It was a huge speed.
Kurrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr!
As she raised her head to the vibrations coming from outside, Huama looked towards the entrance.
A crowd of demons could be seen in the distance.
“It’s a start.”
Those who had won the war between good and evil were coming to claim the last spoils.
“The counting begins.”
At the point when the end of mankind entered the countdown, the world leader’s vote ended quickly.
It would take about 10 minutes to count the votes, but in fact, the results were already known.
Armin was lost in thought as Rampa and the card players turned their hands.
‘Shina.’
He was not included in the list of survivors, as he had not been identified before that.
‘Please stay alive.’
Keira approached Armin holding hands.
“drink.”
Armin, who was handed the car, smiled.
“thank you.”
“You don’t have to pretend to be calm. Anyway, you should know that you love your brother.” Armin spoke again.
“thank you.”
Keira burst out laughing and asked Armin while looking up at the ceiling.
“What are you going to do when the war is over?”
It was a word that didn’t fit the situation, but maybe it would be okay to think like that.
“I will draw a picture.”
“haha! You mean that from the espionage days? Well, it was quite usable. but are you okay? A wizard would be better to feed me.”
“There are things I want to put on the canvas.”
” What’?”
“I don’t know either.”
“What?”
“I can’t decide yet. I’ll wait. The scene, the moment, the situation that I want to show to all mankind. I am waiting for you to draw it.”
“I see.”
A smile formed on Keira’s lips.
“It’s you.”
The door is open.
“The counting is over. Cyrano, who stood on the podium of the World Map Bureau, made the announcement.
“With this, all kingdoms will wage a final stand centered on Tormia. I list Pony, the king of Tormia, as the leader of the world map.”
The plaza was filled with applause.
There was no disagreement as it would be the harshest position even for the king of the world.
The Vatican of Lamie religion, which competed with Yahweh, had no choice but to confront the truth of Melkidu.
“Then I will listen to the ballot.”
Cyrano stepped aside and Pony stepped onto the podium.
“I am… …
She paused for a long time and looked at the people.
‘I am the leader of the world.’
Even if only responsibility was left, no, rather, I was satisfied with it.
‘It’s a dream come true.’
So, let’s say what we want to say.
“As the King of Tormia, I always tried to be humble towards other countries.”
The hall was quiet.
“It’s not because Tormia is weak or other countries are strong. It is because behind me were the people whom I loved and respected so much, their lives and lives.
all.”
if it is a responsibility.
“And now, in a position of responsibility for all of humanity, I will again be most humble. The authority in my hands is not given by God, but by you.”
Pony spread her palms.
“If someone can die to end this war, I will gladly give my life!”
As she clenched her fists and shouted, a loud roar erupted.
“let’s fight! let’s fight!”
Their morale was high, and they were determined to never lose in their own eyes.
‘It’s approaching.’
to Ultima.
And at this moment, only one person kept his mouth shut with a bitter expression.
It was Zetaro, the last survivor of Gustav’s 4th skill.
said Quan.
“It is not a matter of eternal life.”
To be precise, it was the crown that boarded his body.
“In the final destination of reincarnation, death has no special meaning. Then why do I live?”
Shiina was listening.
“It is a question of existence. How far can you go? If we stay too long, and if there is nothing new there, we too will collapse.”
It was the providence of the universe.
“Missing Link. oblivion is necessary The Illuminati are fighting nothing. Because if there is nothing in the first place, it just becomes nothing.”
Shiina didn’t know.
“What happened to Mr. Kuan? You promised. He said he would fix the broken part.”
said Crown, limping.
“It’s really uncomfortable, this body. How did you fight? Could it be that I was scammed?”
“Don’t talk back!”
Crown laughed.
“I restored the severed nerves with mine. But the mind is not something I can touch, right?”
“lie! You are the cheater! If it’s blocking Quan from coming out… …
“Well, there is no way to prove it. But it’s true. Honestly, I want to hear the manual too. How the hell do you manipulate this? I can’t fight like this.”
“Who the hell… … !”
Just as Shiina was about to argue, a roar erupted from the sky.
“Hmm.”
Twelve dragons attacked Terra Force’s ships intercepting the ground.
“It started.”
Balls and children are not important to the Illuminati.
I just want to find something in the error of this world that occurred with miraculous probability.
‘A world that rejects oblivion.’
Maybe the outside world has reached this stage too easily?
‘It’s a way to go beyond infinity.’
The moment Shiina stopped, Terra Force fighters appeared from all sides.
“Humanity, the judgment is over. We will judge you according to the will of God.”
“Try to do something. You made God, so you can convince them too.”
Crown shrugged.
“But I am not a god. The thing about God, that computes the multiverse… …
The combatants rushed.
“Remove it!”
“Kuk!”
Shiina cast freezing magic, but the strangeness of alien technology surpassed magic.
“Terraforce is strong.”
“you!”
The moment Shiina glared fiercely at Crown’s attitude of talking like it was someone else’s business.
“Do not resist! There will be no pain!”
A combatant crushed her and held a plasma-forged sword to her neck.
“Quan!”
Hearing Shiina’s voice, Crown felt a complete change of consciousness.
“……what?”
Something huge was coming.
“Huh?”
-Protect Shiina.
A single signal was received in my brain, and the scenery of the world was shattered like fragments.
“wow.”
Because it is the Illuminati, it can be guessed
The truth made Crown shudder.
‘This guy’s thinking is the symmetry of the universe
break.’
extremes of asymmetry.
In the next instant, the combatants all rolled down the axis of the rapidly tilting world.
gone

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-1273.txt
=============YYYYY=============
final chapter (2)
The Terraforce combatants were taken aback.
‘To roll on a flat ground.’
No, is it really flat?
It was not simply a change in the direction of gravity, but the feeling that the axis of the world was tilted.
‘It looks like falling off a cliff.’
It responded with a gravitational field belatedly, but the shaft continued to rotate like a compass that lost its magnetic field.
– Unenforceable. Ask for support.
Even from the mother ship staying in the atmosphere, the battle on the ground was carefully observed.
“… … It’s embarrassing.”
The condition of the combatants flying around like crawling on the ground was obviously not normal.
“It is difficult to face head-to-head. The body and mind of the author are the most perfect ideals.”
Because he was an alien creature, he had the clearest understanding of Quan’s thoughts.
“I activate Four Kind (4th type close encounter).”
It was an abduction method used by Terra Force to investigate life on a specific planet.
“You mean bring that human? We cannot carry out operations that could put the mothership in danger.”
“no.”
Wave motions in their field of vision converted sounds from the ground into images.
It was like a haze in which the atmosphere was compressed, and the most rapid valley was… … .
“Olifer Shiina.”
It was the only reason Kuan moved.
“It’s a huge emotional surge. As long as that woman is on the ground, the operation cannot be carried out.”
“What if I chase you?”
“A chase?”
Terraforce looked back at his comrades.
“That’s a good joke. I did a lot of research on humans.” It wasn’t really a joke, but it wasn’t unreasonable for a colleague to think that way.
‘Well, if you’re a Terra Force combatant, you won’t know what to do with the mothership.’
Commander gave instructions.
“Bring it.”
On the other hand, Crown, who boarded Kuan’s body, felt a thrill from the transcendent aerobatics.
“Wow, I thought it was junk… … It was super high performance.
‘What should I do with this?’
To the Illuminati, who knew the outside world, the actual outcome did not matter.
Usually it leads humanity in the direction of war, resource control, disease, etc., from a god’s point of view, but… … .
‘Since there are no users, it’s okay to go back.’ However, since it was such a rare world, there was one question holding him back.
‘I’ll match it this time.’ Accepting Quan’s feelings, he cut through Terra Force without hesitation.
beep! beep! beep!
‘what?’
At that moment, red lights began to flicker in the lenses attached to the combatants’ gloves.
– Gravity Reversal. Be prepared.
“Quan!”
When I turned my head to Shiina’s voice, a red flash was shining on her.
‘Four Kind. I’m thinking of taking him.’
can’t stop that
Knowing Terraforce’s technological prowess, Crown calmly lowered his sword.
Shiinaaaaaa!
Kuan was different.
“Keugh!”
A tremendous signal hit his brain, and Crown frowned and stumbled.
‘I can’t control it.’
Shiina, pulled into the sky in an instant, disappeared into the Terraforce mothership.
– Shiina! Shiina! Shiina!
‘calm down! I can’t help it! And those guys… …
Cuckoo Cuckoo!
When a harsh atmospheric sound burst out, the rushing attendants all looked up at the sky.
So did Crown.
“what… … hey?”
extremes of asymmetry.
A mothership the size of a city was staggering as the world shook on its axis.
– Protect! protect! protect!
“crazy… …
Before he could finish his words, control passed and Kuan’s body flew into the sky.
Although the crown tried its best, it could not overcome the signal of ‘protecting’.
‘This guy… …
Why are you doing this?
‘Destroy yourself endlessly. It’s different from Garas. This is rather the result of getting farther away from breeding.’
Love is.
‘What does this mean for the universe?’
Perhaps this question is the only homework left to the outside world.
The survivors were ready to go out ahead of the final war of mankind.
“let’s fight. We are the masters of this world!”
Among the resistance fighters gathered together, there was a parrot mercenary group that commanded the world.
“sister.”
The operator came to Marsha.
“Why did you come? The demons will come soon. Hide in a safe place with the other operators.”
Even if she had the highest fighting power in High Gear, she was just a smart girl in real life.
“Are you coming back?” Well, if the war is lost, all life on this planet will be homeless.
“Don’t worry.”
Freeman bluntly sighed.
“Because I will protect my woman.”
“Put.”
At those words, Marsha relaxed and kissed the operator’s head.
“Okay, I’ll be back. Promise.”
As the operator went downstairs with an effortless smile, Marsha glanced at her.
“my woman?”
“then? Who else in the world is there other than me to take you?”
On the one hand, that’s why.
“… … It really is a beggar world.” As her officers burst into laughter, Marsha regains her cool.
‘Can the ground forces hold out?’
According to the future information she had seen, it was probably close to this point.
‘Cell Buster.’
North Pole.
A pair of men and women arrived in a field where even the ivory tower, the symbol of intelligence, had disappeared.
“Is it here?”
Based on the boundary line, Jin Seong-yin in the room pointed to the sky and said.
“It will start there.”
When Kitaru Man raised his head, there was a huge gray mass like the moon.
“According to Thing’s calculations, it’s five minutes from now. Please stop for the sake of mankind. No, hold out as long as possible.”
‘Humanity.’
Ranstin took a few steps.
“Go see.”
Jin Seong-eum watched for a while and closed the etheric wave, and the arctic wind blew.
wheeeeeeeeee.
Rin grumbled.
“It’s sluggish. What song is there without an audience?”
“Hehe.”
Ranstin laughed.
“When did you do music while caring about that? Let’s have fun in our own way.”
“iced coffee. ah.”
Before he knew it, Rin was relaxing, and Ran Steen tuned his object <Gitaru>.
It can produce the sound of various instruments at the same time, but it has no killing power by itself.
‘Samun.’
It was Lanstin’s mental resonance magic that killed living things.
“come.”
Rin said looking up at the sky.
As the Taegeuk was broken, the anticell, which was a perfect sphere, was falling in the shape of a drop of water.
“He’s coming to kill us.”
Rin’s voice did not reach Ranstin’s ears.
-Oops｝. dad.
He heard his daughter’s voice.
– Play the guitar.
At the point where Anticell covered half of the air, Rin turned her head upright.
“Are you not going to?” -Dad, I love you.
‘why?’
Do you live like this?
‘Are you an unsuccessful artist? Is your wife having an affair? Because my daughter caught a cold and died?’
The moment when Anticell attacks them as if to crush them.
“Kick!”
Lanstin let out an incoherent laugh and strummed his guitar.
support support support!
‘Repentance (fingerprint of death).’
The anticell, swept away by the high-speed arpeggio sound waves, vibrated and exploded.
Rin muttered while doing gymnastics.
“It goes up.”
Due to the impact of the explosion, it rose in altitude, but this time it split in two and fell.
support support support!
Explosion, explosion, the high-pitched voice continued to rise again, rapidly increasing to 32.
“There are a lot of spectators.”
As the number of audience increases, the power of the guitar rum man becomes more powerful.
This is the strongest technique of crowd control that Fermi posited as Anticell’s counterhorse.
“Slowly…
When the number of anticells reached 128, Lan Steen stopped playing and straightened her back.
“shall we start?”
It seemed that his hands had been loosened.
ground. The strongest martial art in the universe unfolded in a place not far from the temple.
bang! bang! bang!
Hearing the earth-shaking roar, Minnie returned to human size and crawled on the ground.
“Ariana, are you okay?”
Even her fair-haired blonde was covered in blood and could barely breathe.
“huh. however… … Did we really lose?”
The two women looked around the battlefield.
Ikael’s triangular Mara Ashur was competing with the god Gir with a sword.
“They are all monsters.”
And farther away than that, the Archangel Ikael and the rest of the earth.
“Ha ha ha ha!”
The strongest Ymir collided.
Kurrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr
On a land where there is nothing to protect anymore, Ikael’s spirit is in perfect combat mode.
‘side. back side. side.’
She gritted her teeth as she traced Ymir’s speed, which had no afterimage, by ‘looking down’.
‘It’s here!’ Just to turn the body 115 degrees, about 12,000 amplifications are made.
‘Proof!’
Ikael’s fist struck something in the air with a thud.
“Great!”
Ymir, who was hit right in the jaw, stepped back several tens of meters with his upper body tilted back.
“……Uhhhhh.”
A mountain of dirt was built behind him.
“Nice. To think such destructive power could be produced from such a slender body. As expected, buy Daecheon.”
Ikael grabbed his tingling wrist.
‘It’s incredibly hard.’
“To be honest, I was interested from heaven. Your battles have always been graceful.” “I have such a desire.”
As Ymir, who made the six arms, bent his knees, the air descended heavily.
“What if I beat you until I kill you?”
The moment he kicked the ground, the ground collapsed as if a nuclear explosion had occurred underground.
Ymir arrived as fast as its power and struck Ikael with six fists.
“Huh!”
“okay! That face!”
Unlike Rihanna and Ogent, he frowned to keep his dignity until the end.
I don’t particularly like it, but that’s why I wanted to break it at least once.
“Goes!”
It was a fist flying from behind my shoulder, but it seemed like it was coming from beyond the distant universe.
‘Giant person.’
Ikael’s eyes widened in despair before Ymir’s fists grew without knowing the end.
“Ikael!” The time when Ashur, who had just cut off Girshin’s body, was about to move to the signal of the signal.
“Gaaaaa!”
Girsin hugged him while regenerating dozens of legs under his upper body.
“I can’t die alone!”
The legs wriggling like bugs seemed to show the urgency of Girshin a moment ago.
Ashur couldn’t move.
‘damn! signal!’
All signals from space can be collected, but only the area of the panel must be perfect.
“Taha!”
Then Ariana put Girshin’s longest legs between her armpits.
‘ Yeomdong… … !’
Giant Swing.
I squeezed out the last signal and threw my Girshin, and Ashur’s body finally disappeared.
“Big! Dare these… … !”
A shadow fell over the face of Girshin, who had too many legs to keep his balance.
“uh?”
Mini, who turned into a giant, lifted her foot and trampled on Girshin like an ant.
Woo woo woo!
“Whoa.”
Minnie, who had returned to her human size by bending her knees, touched the ground and said.
“Haha, I won.”
“By the way, isn’t this a forfeit?” a bit irregular.
“What do you know? That’s the beauty of pro wrestling.”
“but.”
Ariana giggled.
Meanwhile, Ashur moved to protect Ikael and witnessed an amazing sight.
Beneath a fist as gigantic as a mountain, stood an archangel one-thousandth the size of it.
“Uriel.”
Ikael looked at Ymir’s back as he supported Ymir’s fist with only his right hand.
“… … why?”
Uriel slightly turned his head towards her, but didn’t say anything.
“Quack.”
Ymir bit the corner of his mouth.
“I knew. If you beat up the thing you love the most, it will appear.”
This is why the end of the world is good.
No matter what beliefs you have, in the end you have no choice but to collide with yourself.
‘That’s the strongest in the universe.’
But Ymir still felt uncomfortable.
Was Lian’s last blow a mere luck, or was it a leap to a new level?
‘Come quickly.’
Ymir touched his fist and bent his head.
“I won’t be bored.”
Regression, round 293.
After blocking the solar wind, Sirone ran towards Nane at full speed again.
“Aaaaaaa!” 32 seconds faster than the previous history.
‘it’s okay!’
That’s enough.
“tree… …
But what caught Sirone’s eyes
“Oh, no!”
“Quan Yin.”
The scene where Nane murders Amy while shedding bloody tears with a terrifying expression.
“Naneeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee
Sirone was shot.
Episode 678 Tea.
‘more! faster!’
Time didn’t matter anymore.
The problem was that my life was responding accurately to Sirone’s time.
“please… …
When Sirone arrived with his teeth gritting, he saw Nane putting their palms together.
“Great!”
Blood dripped down Nane’s face as she lowered her head.
“why?”
Nane asked, and Sirone shouted.
“why!”
do you have to do this?
I have already lost loved ones hundreds of times, and killed loved ones hundreds of times.
“Sirone!”
Even Buddha suffered from evil.
“I’m not giving up! accept the ball! Do not leave any more pain in this world!”
“Aaaaaaa!”
Sirone flew to him.
2,469 Tea.
At the point where both time and space have changed, Yahweh and Buddha met again.
It was after Amy disappeared.
A distance that could be reached in an instant if you threw your body, the eyes of the two were terribly tired.
“Let’s compromise.”
Sirone said.
“I’d rather die. Save Amy. Just let me live in this world.”
Nane shook her head.
“I can’t. If you are separated from the outside world, your world will be perfect. But Sirone, what would you do if that world was stained with evil? Then there is only pain.”
“No matter what happens, it’s our choice. And I will definitely choose the good.”
“It is us.”
I was bitter.
“Are you not alone?”
Sirone gritted his teeth and clenched his fists.
“… … I will fight.”
“Neither do I.”
The compromise was broken.
6,579 Tea.
Sirone was already crying.
“Ahh… …
It was repeated so many times that now it seemed that the heart was made of nothing but sadness.
‘I can’t.’
To be honest, I didn’t want to go.
This is because even if you experience it once, you can no longer bear the pain of tearing your heart.
‘I don’t want to see it.’
I also had the same thought.
‘Don’t come.’
please don’t come here
Every time the time of collision approached, Nane’s hands began to tremble.
‘… … Should I kill him?’
Again.
It’s always a new past, but it felt like the smell of blood came from my hands.
The smell of the woman you love.
Yahweh and Buddha asked themselves at the same moment.
‘Should I quit?’
However, the aftermath would be the end of the entire human race, not just him.
“I can’t give up.”
Both of their expressions contorted at the same time.
“me : yes!”
The moment Sirone charged at the speed of light, Dainichi Nyorai’s palms met.
I closed my eyes tight
‘Damn it… …
three years
Sirone burst into tears.
“Aaaaaaa!”
tree customs.
Louver asked.
“You look sad.”
Nane, who remained in the temple, blinked as if lost in thought.
“… … It is just an illusion.”
Even this heart that hurts like crazy.
‘But my pain is the pain of rebirth. This world has already been stained with evil.’
Civilization was wiped out, and only people who had become charcoal like fossils remained in the remaining places.
those who cannot die.
“Death Field. That’s terrible. I’m glad there are many returned to my hands. Is there no way?”
Louver lowered his head at God’s question.
“I will have Mong-a inject the death of Samong. You will have to choose between suffering and disengagement.”
It was a dream in which access to death was forbidden under normal circumstances, directly experiencing death.
I was bitter.
“Is it still a choice?”
“Because you can’t directly touch the user’s code. But a lot of time has already passed. Users should now realize what the consequences of staining the world with evil are.”
“… … Enforce it.”
When Louver looked back at Mong-ah, the pale child’s face turned disgusting like a monster.
– Dream code, Samong.
puck! puck! puck!
The black doll started to turn to ashes at the same time as the signal went in on the Drimo.
He chose to leave.
“Immediate color.”
Looking back at the world with nothing, I said you.
“The color immediately.”
“Whoa.”
A white-haired woman was left at the place where the corpses of the demons spread all the way to the horizon.
Jecheon Daeseong Son Yoo-jeong.
“It really never ends. People are all dead, what the hell are you so angry about?”
Perhaps the demons needed something other than humans to be angry with.
“The next area… …
That time when she, who had burned her body, flew above the ground exhaling dark clouds.
“What?”
As if holding on to the air, she stopped with her face and landed with her clothes on.
puck! puck! puck!
The burnt charcoal, which retained its human form, was rapidly turning to ashes.
‘Everyone is leaving.’
Son Yoo-jung exhaled a long breath.
‘It has to be.’
She was well aware of how painful it was after being hit by the Death Field several times.
As she was about to leave again, she frowned and turned around with a surprised expression.
“That… …
In the place where everyone was scattered to ashes, only one body remained in shape.
‘Can you stand it?’
I was even more surprised when I checked it up close.
‘young.’
The body in a crouching position was at most 7 or 8 years old.
‘How long I want to live.’
He held out his hand with a sad expression, but then the hard charcoal began to tremble.
A sign not to touch.
‘I’m not young.’
Even though he was young in body, his mental power was strong enough that even Son Yu-jeong stuck out his tongue.
‘There must be a reason.’
Standing behind her back, she lowered her head.
“Good luck.”
As she moved away, her trembling body slowly began to calm down.
Wizard gritted his teeth.
‘Not yet.’
My whole body burned with every breath, but it was the only way to escape Satan’s gaze.
‘Habits. The reason why the atrocious chaos was able to break away from the law is probably… …
It seems to be using some kind of divine authority.
It was the conclusion drawn by a transcendent genius who mastered all five systems of the universe.
‘God is not. Because God never calculates like this. It’s like… …
Like a spoiled son who uses parental authority personally.
‘That must be the theory.’
So, the Wizard used Havitz’s mind to bind him to this world.
‘I can’t stimulate it clumsily.’
He is different from God, so he will even read taboos in order to win.
‘If this authority is blocked, use that authority. They will manipulate everything and destroy humanity.’
The speed at which his abilities rise ‘to a level equal to or exceeding mine. Therefore, after sticking with Harvits now, I feel ‘
It’s like creating a unique monster.
‘I’ll hold on.’
And he simulates all the situations he can respond to in his head.
‘I overtake Satan’s evolutionary speed. When that work is done… … I can feed a blow.’
Harvits will never know.
‘Super Gong.’
With 1 missing frame.
“Five minutes before departure!”
The resistance fighters on the ground glared at the demons shimmering through the dust wind.
Everyone was gathered, except for those who were in charge of guarding key figures like Kira, a resident of the Ivory Tower.
Canis, who was placed in the back row, held Arin’s hand.
Arin, who felt his hand for a moment, turned his head with a determined expression.
“Kanis, I thought about it and we… …
“doesn’t care. Siblings or whatever, it doesn’t matter to me.”
Arin’s expression turned sad.
“You can do it, brother.”
“huh?”
“All I want is for you to be happy. From Radum, I prayed and prayed only for that. so… …
Kanis smiled.
“I will always be by your side. as a brother.” Arin confirmed Kanis’ sincerity through her menarche.
‘ah?… ”
The face filled with light was the same as that of Canis, who had no brother.
‘This is Canis.’ such confidence.
Seeing her face for the first time, Arin nodded while holding Kanis’ hand tightly.
« O ” Heh.
Harvest is up.
“Quack.”
A shadow embracing the shoulders of the two with arms as long as spears aimed forward.
“Now, this is the final battle.”
A large army of demons was rushing in through the dusty curtain.
Two days of reality have passed.
The resistance of the resistance was desperate, but the number of demons increased.
Even the cool-headed Lufist was annoyed.
‘Too many.’
No, the original number was piled up as the foil peeled off.
‘Satan’s location cannot be tracked. Neither Jin’s voice nor his gun are confused.’
Is it possible?
‘I’m writing all the foul rules.’
At least, the reason why this world could not be closed without permission was because of the existence of the Wizard.
Aaaaaaa!
When I raised my head at the rumbling sound, the dragons were engaged in a dogfight with Terra Force.
‘Support is impossible.’
It was a trend that thin ice, no dragon was pushed.
“uh?”
And everyone saw
“I-what is that?”
The sight of gray pouring in from the sky, like water freezing.
“Anticell?”
Although the size was much smaller than the first, the number of individuals seemed to exceed the trillions, circumstances, and years.
Doo doo doo! Doo doo doo!
As the Samantha’s signal was connected, a fast-beating drum sound embroidered the sky.
It was a performance by Guitar Luman.
“Yeah—
Following Lin’s voice, the song began.
– After sleeping in the morning, he told me I was lazy. omg sorry I’ve been playing all day and haven’t had time to sleep, kid.
Her song even flowed into Panier’s room in the basement of the temple.
-My daily routine of passing out while playing. The music doesn’t stop when you sleep. One billion on our side. I am the lord of the dawn hey!
“Hehehe.”
Panier couldn’t help laughing even while the demons were infiltrating the underground.
‘It’s terrifying’
Resistance music, someday will be out of fashion.
‘Now, singers are the best, these guys.’ but i don’t like it
‘No, to be honest, I love it.
Regression, round 10,874.
“Hmm.”
Tormia Immigration Policy Director raised his glasses.
“They are Asian siblings who came in 16 years ago. Well, at that time, immigration policy was active.”
Sirone asked.
“Can I find the record?”
“Well, because it’s such a massive amount. It will probably take several days to find them all.”
“I have plenty of time.”
Indeed it was.
“Hmm, if that’s the case… …
The chief had a troublesome expression, but he couldn’t refuse because he was a wizard.
Of course, it was a forged license made of material.
“excuse me… …
When the man in the hallway came in, the manager hurriedly stood up and bowed his head.
“Ah, magistrate.”
He was an Asian with black hair and black eyes, a rare sight in Tormia.
The administrator asked Sirone.
“Aren’t those siblings fraternal twins by any chance?”
“Do you know?”
“… … Come this way.”
After following him into the administrative office, the secretary served tea and the conversation began.
“Why are you looking for those two?”
“I am not looking for anything. just… … I want to make sure they are her siblings. It is a matter of personal importance.”
“It is important to me too.”
“yes?”
The magistrate raised his teacup and headed for the window.
“Well, a lot of time has passed. At that time, I immigrated from a small country called Min in the East. The civil war was in full swing. It is a battle for sovereignty between local lords.”
Sirone was listening.
“I was working as an immigration policy officer after I got a job. Still, the root was Min Kingdom, so I was keeping an eye on the situation there. Of course, it is now destroyed.”
“okay.”
“A general got fraternal twins. Coincidentally, Yeongji was in a state of lightning. As a country that values the lineage of its rulers, the general had to make a choice. Will he plan for the future by leaving his bloodline behind, or will he be sent far away to save his life?”
“Is that why you sent them to Tormia?” “no. The general intended to fight to the end. He was thinking of winning the war and handing over the estate. But his wife was against it. He was thinking of abandoning the estate and running away.”
Sirone realized that it was not unusual.
“if… … ”
the administrator asked.
“Do you know the word ‘shadow warrior’?”
“yes. In case of an emergency, someone similar to the leader will take the lead. to the east
It has been used a lot. ah.” Sirone realized.
“yes. The general turned one of his twins into a shadow warrior without his wife’s knowledge. Of course, her wife came over to Tormia completely unaware of that fact. I was the one who helped her emigrate back then.” “She got paid, but she’s a trend person, so I wanted to help as much as I could. Anyway, I got through the gate, but I don’t know what happened after that. The facts about the shadow warriors were also revealed after the kingdom of Min was unified.”
“The child left in Min… … ?”
“After the general committed suicide, the child was beheaded.”
Now there was only one thing left.
“Then, among the women and men who have entered this place, which one is the shadow warrior?”
“Hmm.”
The administrator touched his chin.
“This is an issue that was an issue in Min Kingdom at the time. Considering his bloodline, he would have left the man behind, but the general committed suicide without revealing it. Perhaps the children who came here also died. It’s embarrassing to say, but the King of Unification was so violent that he pursued him to the ends of the world in order to cut off his lineage. Maybe that’s why he’s ruined.”
After all, it is unknown who was the general’s son.
‘but.’
Sirone asked again.
“Then the children here are not siblings. Because one of them is a shadow warrior.”
“yes. That is the orthodoxy.”
It should be enough for two people.
“Yes, thank you.”
” if??????
When Sirone stood up, the magistrate asked.
“Do you know them?”
It wouldn’t matter what he said, but Sirone smiled and shook his head.
“no.”
They’re just friends.
Leaving behind the nodding administrator, Sirone left the office.
“Whoa.”
I was a little relieved.
‘I’m so glad. Canis, Arin.’
At the Pyramid of Truth, the two of them endured the wave of phosphorus with all their hearts.
The reason the scenes were fragmented, perhaps, was that God manipulated their cause.
‘You guys won.’
I missed you.
While experiencing more than 10,000 regressions, the mind was completely exhausted.
‘I can’t fight.’
At some point, he stopped regressing.
‘Anymore… … I can’t watch Amy die.’
A life of just living in an illusion, meeting close people or tracking back stories.
But even in the midst of that, there were still people who could never be found.
Karmis Amy.
‘Shall we go?’
The moment I met her, the moment I saw her alive, everything would collapse.
‘I miss you.’
But I missed you so much.
Just by imagining it, it feels like cool water seeping into my already dried up mind.
“ah… …
Sirone headed towards it without realizing it.
“Amy.”
Alpheas Magic School.
While looking for Amy around the park, Sirone saw her sitting on a bench.
Her heart pounded involuntarily at the sight of her back with her red hair in a tight ponytail.
‘Okay, let’s meet.’
The moment you try to step out like that, far away
Seriel waved her hand and came running.
“Amy!”
As if he had committed a crime, Sirone
He hurriedly hid behind a tree.
I heard Amy’s voice.
“what? Why are you so late?”
“lol! sorry! I overslept.”
“anyway.”
They met with difficulty in their busy schedules and expressed their grievances in the senior class.
“The end-of-month evaluation is a problem. Especially in person-to-person combat. Since the score is at stake, I feel like I’m getting awkward even after having a good time.”
Seriel grinned.
“Hee hee, I know.”
” what?”
“Are you worried about fighting Sirone? What if things get awkward?”
“Wow, what are you talking about? Where are the private feelings in the test? I don’t get mad about that.”
“Who said what? What to do if Sirone gets upset, that’s the problem.”
“Sirone!”
Amy stopped talking.
“Are you really going to pout?”
“Hmm.”
Seriel was also serious in front of her friends.
“Tell me honestly. Sirone, is this a test? If you think exams are really important… …
“i like you.”
Amy was also honest.
“I like it. that’s why it’s complicated I’m just nervous and excited when I’m with you. honestly what… …
“Can I kiss you?”
“okay. Oh, but I absolutely hate doing it first. It’s not that I hate Sirone, that… …
“I know how it feels.”
Seriel’s eyes flashed with worry as she said that.
‘Should I tell you?’
the Fermi.
Amy tilted her head.
“what? How come you seem to be more troubled than me? Are you dating someone?”
“no. It’s not like that… …
The conflicted Seriel laughed bitterly.
“I’ll tell you later. later.” In the end, Sirone never met Amy.
‘thank god.’
It was because just hearing the voice was about to break all my will.
‘Why didn’t I know?’
No, I knew it at the time, but the feelings I have now cannot be explained in words.
‘I shouldn’t have gone to see you.’
I shouldn’t have thought that I couldn’t love more here.
“I’m going to get you! I will definitely save you!”
I felt like I would really give up everything if I didn’t hold on to that hope.
“Amy.”
A name that can be exchanged for life.
“Amy.”
the shape of my heart.
“no way… …
Sirone stopped walking.
“Huh.”
As if I had realized it for the first time, I felt the world without her so vividly.
“Uh uh uh uh uh.”
I couldn’t help but cry like an idiot.
Miro’s eyes turned alive.
“Come on!”
Beyond the endlessly influx of demons, Satan with a black body was laughing.
“What a boring woman you are.”
Harvits extended a hand and instructed.
“Go, my dogs.”
“Aww! charge!”
If you disobey the order, it will be eternal pain, so the demons turned on the light in their eyes and moved forward.
The incarnation of Guanyin with a Thousand Arms struck down the demons like lightning, but there were too many of them.
“this??????!”
When Habitz activated the Death Field, thousands of demons burst into flames.
“Gaaaaa!”
Since Satan had already lost the concept of an ally, the radius was the entire land.
“Huh!”
Even the incarnation of Thousand Hands Guanyin turned into black charcoal and delivered terrible pain to Miro.
‘What’s with all this?’
purely on their own.
If Nane fought with rightness, then Habitz was completely wrong.
“What are you doing? Said it was good?”
When Miro raised his head, Havits was approaching before he knew it.
“The villain captain is here.” Her faceless silhouette mocked her with her arms outstretched and waving her hips.
“Yaaaa!”
The incarnation of the Thousand-Handed Guanyin inflicted tremendous blows, but only pain was felt.
Miro gritted his teeth and stepped back.
“Huh.”
There was no thought other than the trembling of the hands rising from the smoke, and the pain.
‘How can I beat this?’
“What are you doing?”
At the bottom of Satan’s crown, his mouth went wide open.
“If we don’t fight, will we play with it?”
“this??????
Sparks fly in Miro’s eyes again.
“Bastard!”
The incarnation of the Thousand Arms Guanshiyin, who was very angry, inflicted 30 million hits on Satan.
IZ IZ IZ TZ TZ IZ I
It was a miracle achieved through the segmentation of time, but what came back was pain equivalent to that.
“Ah ah ah ah ah!”
Miro let out a scream.
“Puhahaha! What is that? What polar line is that? Are you the same as any other human being?” She was not aware of Satan’s change, which gradually became the tone of a child.
‘I’m angry.’
why can’t you win
‘It’s said to be extreme and atrocious.’
If each other defines each other, then at least you should be able to fight the ball like a child.
Miro shouted as he knelt down.
“why! Why are you doing that!”
Havitz’s answer to the question without context was only one.
“Because it’s fun.”
His body gradually grew to a size of several tens of meters and lifted his feet.
“This is a giant figure.”
Miro’s face turned pale at Satan’s ability to manipulate the world at will.
“I’ll pierce your mouth.”
Havits said, stepping down.
“Because I want to hear you beg to die.”
At that moment, the enormous air pressure, as if the whole sky was pouring down, pressed him down.
Cuckoo Cuckoo Cuckoo!
“??????uh?”
I try to hold on, but I don’t think I can hold on in the end.
“Huh?”
Such an overwhelming scale.
As Satan, who had hastily reduced in size, crouched down, everything on the ground was crushed.
coup
The demons within the radius were crushed and crushed, and only Habits was standing.
“Big.”
Gaold was walking slowly.
“Taesung is strong.”
If the durability of the planet was normal, the area would have already turned into a sea of lava.
The next moment, Luman’s guitar playing in the sky began to change to heavy metal.
“ah?… ”
It may have been a mere coincidence, but Miro automatically recalled the life of a man who had arrived in the previous chapter.
“Gaold.”
As he passed the maze, he coldly lowered his gaze.
“Are you going to leave me alone?”
“No, that… …
Seeing Miro’s flustered appearance for the first time, Gaold smiled and moved on.
“Leave it to me.”
Harvits spat out ferociously.
“How dare you surprise me? If you mess around one more time, I’ll set you on fire. You will suffer eternal torment.”
“Eternal pain? fire?”
Gaold’s teeth clenched tightly.
“Good.”
The corner of the mouth was torn upward, and the stoic spirit of the great heat hell completely changed the scenery.
“That’s my major.”
FIRE RURRR!
Havitz silently watched as the fire caught on his fingertips and toes.
“huh? this… …
At that moment, I felt a hot pain.
“Aww! it hurts! ah… … !”
Gaold’s fist, which contained the power of the air press, flew away from Satan’s body.
Every time Gaold advanced, hundreds of demons were crushed, and Satan charged again.
“I can’t be the only one who gets sick!”
Gauld’s face contorted as he stretched out his body and watched the flight.
“Keuk, kuk.” stupid guy
‘I mean pain.’
The unprecedented air press crushes the earth.
‘I can’t share it.’
An enormous explosion of flame occurred due to the frictional force of the ground compressed more than 10 meters.
Woooooooooooooooooooooooooh!
Even at the moment when the flames of the flames surged, Miro was immersed in his own thoughts.
‘why?’
What is the reason why atrocities that do not reach the level of extreme good are subjected to the level of human beings?
Justice Terraforce said:
-You cannot defeat evil alone.
‘And again… …
– Winning is also an evil methodology. When everything between good and evil interlocks, mankind will make the final choice. You have to endure until then. The flames were cut off in front of my eyes.
“uh?”
When Miro turned her head, Sein, Kang Nan, Thing and Zulu were walking towards them.
“you… …
Sein held out his hand.
“I just found it. Not you, of course, but Satan.”
Unable to respond to the bony joke, Miro looked beyond them.
= = G： TZ： I三 |
1~r? I~rr!
An army of men was running.

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-1274.txt
=============YYYYY=============
final chapter (3)
How many repetitions must have been repeated, Sirone stopped counting.
The higher the order, the higher the number seems to prove its impossibility.
‘I’m going to save Amy.’
It is one purpose.
It repeats only that like a machine, and in every way a human can imagine… … .
“me : yes!”
He twisted history.
“me. radish. coffin. count. hmm.”
And Nane fixed the future with spirit and effort worthy of Yahweh.
‘I’ll save you!’
Sirone rushed.
“Amy!”
Sirone was furious.
“You bastard!”
Sirone begged.
“Please, please stop! now stop!” And to all those Sirone, Nane shed tears of blood and said this.
“Tree Guan Yin.”
“Uhh??????!”
Yahweh blacked out as if his spinal cord had been severed.
From then on, perhaps at the point where the number of iterations so far has passed.
“Amy. Amy.”
Sirone trudged toward Nane, who was 100 kilometers away.
“Amy.”
Whether it was flying or crawling, distance and time didn’t matter anyway.
“Tree Guan Yin.”
“stop!”
Sirone covered her ears.
“Tree Guan Yin.”
“stop! I mean stop now!”
tree customs. tree customs. Wood tariff. tree customs. tree customs. Counting the wooden coffin. tree customs. tree customs. tree customs. tree customs. tree customs. I am irrelevant. tree customs. tree customs. tree customs. wooden customs.
“Ahhh… … !”
Memories of so many recurrences are so tangled up that I can’t tell whether it’s the present or the past.
“Aww! Aaaaaa!”
Am I fighting with Nane now or running away from him?
“no! stop!”
Is Amy really alive, or is she going crazy?
* I am……
The only thing I realized.
‘I can’t escape from you.’
No matter how history was changed, it was ultimately within the palm of the Buddha.
tree customs.
“stop! Shut up, you son of a bitch!”
Lying on the floor and screaming, Sirone shuddered with unbearable rage.
“Why don’t you block this too!”
Then he started to squeeze his neck with both hands.
“Turn it off!”
It felt as if his own death was a bit of revenge for Nane.
“Kkeuk. Kkeuk.”
Sirone did not let go of the strength in her hands.
‘uh… …
At the end of the faintly distant ceremony, Sirone suddenly remembered one thing.
Vanguard Astrologer.
– A huge enemy will trap you. Then finally… … I will strangle him myself and die.
‘It really was.’
Also, the fact that the prophecy has come true means that we are still under God’s control.
Sirone died feeling a terrible sense of defeat.
return again.
“Hmm.”
Sitting under the tree, Sirone took a bite of the apple and was lost in thought.
‘It’s a no-win game.’
Suicide did not clear my mind, but the new realization was fruitful.
‘The fact that even my death has come true means that the future cannot be changed in any way.’
What’s the matter?
‘Use the same tachyon. But it’s me who always gets through. The reason is that……
This is because the level of difficulty is different.
‘I live, you kill. The level is different with just Amy… …
The meta has the weight of all mankind
was
‘The direction of thinking is different. It doesn’t matter at first, but as history progresses, this slight difference in thinking widens a huge gap.’
so you lose
‘So what? Should I make a variable out of killing someone like me? But in that case, my thoughts may lean towards mine.’
There is a difference between a ball and a kid.
At that moment, a person flashed in Sirone’s mind.
‘Mr. Minerva.’
It was as if I could hear her voice telling me not to save myself under any circumstances.
‘no.’
It can’t be.
‘It’s not a matter of being or not being. How can you say that? to die for the world… …
I’d be happy to do that.
From then until nightfall, Sirone pondered over and over again and came to a conclusion.
“Let’s talk.”
There was no way, and his mind was exhausted enough to rely on anything.
‘As of the time after the bet with me.’ A new illusion changes the landscape, and Syrone finds Minerva in the Ivory Tower.
“Mr. Minerva?”
As she opened the door and entered, she hurriedly wiped away tears as she stared out the window.
“huh? What is it, at this hour?”
He smiled brightly, but he couldn’t completely get rid of the sadness in his eyes.
‘You were crying like this.’
It must have happened in real life, but it was the first time you experienced it.
“I am from the future.”
” huh?”
“It’s long to explain, but Mr. Minerva said to come find me if you’re having a hard time. That’s right.”
At that time, the secrets of the world had not been revealed, so Minerva was taken aback.
“pooh. Are you flirting with me now?”
“I mean a wish.”
Even though there was no context, her expression became serious when she had it in her heart.
“I haven’t told you yet, but I know. Never save yourself, right?” Minerva pulled out a chair.
“sit down.”
From then until daybreak, Sirone explained the events that would come to mankind in the future.
Minerva asked a few questions, but mostly kept her mouth shut.
“I know what you mean.”
She sighed and let out a breath.
“The perfection of the law. In order to break Nane’s thinking, we need variables on our side as well. That variable comes out.”
“yes. ha, but! I really don’t want that kind of sacrifice. Actually, I’m so frustrated… …
Minerva hugged Sirone.
“Thank you for giving me a chance.”
“Whoops, don’t worry. Because I have one idea. From now on, you will go back to the past and meet me before I became a Buddha. And tell me.”
“what are you saying… …
“See you later. The Buddha is compassionate and cannot be turned away. I’m not proud of it, but I’m sure I’m the one who lived the most miserable life in the world.”
Sirone also knew through Omega.
“You will love me, not Amy. Therefore, it will be me who dies in Omega’s final moments. Maybe the history is quite twisted, but it works because it is a change that even the 12 apostles cannot block. Above all, you’re not in a position to cover hot and cold meals.” Sirone shuddered at the strategy with the highest probability among the attempts so far.
‘No, it’s not that much.’
It really looks like it will.
“but.”
Sirone looked away.
“Mr. Minerva’s life is over. A human life being consumed in this way… …
“Whoops.” Minerva turned his head back.
“I know you are serious. this is for humanity Amy must live, everyone will live. And this is the only way I can atone. No, to be honest… …
In order to change Sirone’s heart, she brought out a secret she most wanted to hide.
“I want to end it now.” The shame of the body that never washed away, and the several disasters that were committed in that anger.
“Let’s do it. Leave it to me.” Sirone cried silently.
Day 4 of the battle.
Kurrrrrrr.
The confrontation between the two beings, which was always cited as the question of who is the strongest, reached its climax.
The land dug with a radius of 120 km and a depth of 3 km became a coliseum in itself.
“Hehehe.”
Ymir, with two of his six arms broken, let out a weary laugh.
“You’re really strong, aren’t you?” Uriel was also in a weakened state.
“I don’t think I’ve ever been this strong. Do angels do awakening? no.”
Ymir’s gaze turned to Ikael.
“Can’t you back down? It seems like you’ve been fighting while protecting that archangel ever since.”
There was sadness in Ikael’s eyes.
‘Uriel.’
Among the archangels of the white whales, the one who has always been relied on with overwhelming force.
However, because of that, he was also an angel who felt more difficult and distant than anyone else in Baek Kyung.
‘Uriel, you me… …
Did minds exist before angels believed they could have minds?
In order to ignore that fact, Uriel desperately maintained neutrality.
maybe even now
“Come on.”
Repeating only one’s own essence.
The Judicial Glow – Ragnarok.
The white thunderbolt that fell from the sky wrapped around Uriel’s body with the concept of destruction.
Ymir tore off his broken arm and took a position to catch it with his remaining four arms.
“Quack! That’s cool.”
Rumble!
A single flash of light pierced the ground with a thunderclap of lightning.
Sirone met Minerva from the past.
Proof was easy.
“You were at that time… …
Traumas that only you know about and that can never be erased are listed.
Minerva of the past was convinced.
“What can I do?”
Time passed like that, and there were several trials and errors, but in the end, Nane…
“Minerva.”
I wept over her fate.
Of course, the law does not make anyone a witch or make anyone unhappy.
However, the reason of the world is that someone becomes a witch and someone becomes unhappy.
‘Block the return of pain. she wasn’t
Even so, someone else would have been sacrificed.’
What really pisses me off is the world itself.
‘To realize the ball.’
Nane realized a child through Minerva and became a Buddha again.
in history so changed.
‘you can do it.’
Sirone was convinced for the first time.
‘It completely twisted history. Now your obsession is Minerva, not Amy.’
cheated on god
But the sacrifice that must be paid in return is the life of one person who did not have to die.
‘damn!’
Sirone bit his lip.
‘It can’t be helped! I wouldn’t have done this if it was because of Amy! The future of all mankind is at stake.’
Endless self-rationalization.
‘Miss Minerva wants it too. Amy can live. I finally did it! Amy! Amy!’
Before Omega’s final moments, you and I were clearly trying to kill Minerva.
Tears welled up in Sirone’s eyes.
‘I did it!’
In my blurry vision, I saw Amy fighting the enemy, unaware of the changes in history.
I didn’t even meet Nane or realize the incarnation of fire, but what does that matter?
‘Amy.’
Diane’s words came to mind.
-You are not going to retrieve the lost item. I’m going to meet a living person.
– I hope you respect Amy’s thoughts and choices.
wanted to ignore
But what happens to Amy’s heart, which has been changed by Minerva’s sacrifice?
‘It can’t be helped.’
If all that time and space coincide, where is the heart put?
‘There is no other way than this!’ lost items.
“Huh w
I’m not going to get things back.
” tree……
Nane is the incarnation of Dainichi Nyorai.
He was trying to erase Reba’s body.
Now, if you hold on for a few seconds, Fermi will connect this moment with the future.
“Aaaaaa.”
In the face of that irreversible eternity, Sirone had no choice but to make a decision.
“I’m sorry, Amy.”
Before Nane’s next pitch, Sirone reversed this moment into an illusion.
infinite space.
“Huh. Whoa.”
In the most lonely darkness, Syrone’s cries resonated mournfully.
Day 5 of the battle.
“Big!”
Ranstin, struggling to the death in the North Pole, played the guitar with a pale face.
puck! puck! puck!
The number of anticells has risen year after year to the units of purple, sheep, and spheres.
It covered the planet with gray organic matter, and even gradually increased its thickness.
Ranstin suddenly had a hunch.
‘No more is impossible.’ A demon who controls the crowd as one and inscribes a code of death on them all.
Although Cell Buster’s nemesis, Lanstin’s body was always human.
support support support!
His guitar-playing fingers were all shortened one knuckle.
The reason why he doesn’t stop playing even in the pain of directly scratching his nerves. ‘Don’t make fun of me.’
I felt like if I gave up even this, I would become a worthless bastard.
‘I am a guitarist!’
I could feel Rin’s voice trembling as she sang the song, vomiting blood from her throat.
‘Isn’t that enough?’
If you’ve survived five days against this gigantic foe, you won’t be pointed at.
But there is no longer humanity to blame him.
“Hehe.”
Were you fighting an illusion?
In fact, didn’t you want to go among people more than anyone else?
Rin’s song cut off.
‘It’s the limit.’
The anticell with astronomical mass overcame the Samantha and began to descend.
‘Why do I live like this?’
People say that the man has become a madman because of the guilt of losing his daughter.
‘Daughter, Dad is the same.’
When your mother left home, when you, so pretty, left me forever.
‘To be honest… …
Are you feeling a little more at ease?
I don’t have any more responsibilities, so now I can do art on my own.
‘Yeah, Dad.’
The world can never understand.
“Such rubbish!”
Ranstin violently plucked the steel strings with five perfectly sharpened fingers.
“Huhhhh!”
When Anticell was pushed away by the wave of the guitar, Rin started singing with a bitter look.
‘Daughter. honey.’
Tears of blood flowed from Ranstin’s eyes.
‘Sorry. i abandoned you guys my
was not responsible Still, I just can’t give up.
‘I wasn’t holding this damn guitar in the first place. Still, still, I like you… …
Even if life gets messed up.
“Would.”
Ranstin howled with a distorted face.
“I want to play the guitar!”
divine transcendence.
The instrument started playing before my already blunt fingers could touch the strings.
support support support! support support support!
As the wave of tremendous power pushed the anticell away, the gray surface of the planet swelled like a balloon.
Until the promised 7 days, another 48 hours.
Nane, Amy, Minerva.
“ha ha ha!”
Sirone was going crazy.
Because the only person who keeps repeating what there is no way to do is a madman.
“Kill! Kill!”
Following the sound of evil, the incarnation of Dainichi Nyorai joined his palms with gentle energy.
And whoever is in between.
‘Minerva.’
No, it was Amy.
“Hehehe!”
Amy and Minerva were not separated while charging Nane countless times like an obsession.
In some cases she looked like Amy, in others she looked like Minerva and then… … .
“Who are you!”
Now to the point where the faces of the two women overlap.
“Huh.”
Sadness rose again.
‘Yeah, I’m going crazy. It’s proof that you’re crazy even though you know you’re going crazy.’
I thought it was an expression of desire.
I’d rather have Minerva as a sacrifice, and that’s how it would all end.
‘no!’
The only remaining spirit refused.
“Sirone.”
Sirone, who was sobbing on her knees,
I raised my head at the sound of Nane’s voice.
“Get rid of obsession.”
The Buddha’s eyes were firm and benevolent.
7th day of battle.
At least the altar, which had served as a shield from the wind, had now completely disappeared into dust.
“Down with humans! kill! Kill!”
The demons expressed their anger without a target and narrowed the encirclement from all sides.
“ha. ha.”
Looking at the demons approaching, Shura and Huama knelt side by side.
“This far.”
It was like a miracle that Omega lasted 7 days after it closed.
said Huama.
“It’s annoying to die when you’ve lived enough. how about you? Are you relieved to know the secrets of the world?”
“The secret of the world?”
Shura snorted.
“joy! Who knows until you go?”
“is it.”
Huama, deep in thought with a heavy expression on her face, bared her shark’s teeth.
“Then shall we go?”
If the end of the eternal was death, that would be too sad.
“Whoops.”
Following Shura’s laughter, the two of them simultaneously jumped into the group of demons.
Aaaaaaaang!
A powerful shockwave reached the iron pole.
Numerous corpses of demons who broke through the border were scattered around.
In the center sat a gray-haired old woman who looked more than 100 years old.
‘It’s a big deal.’
Uorin realized that time was running out.
‘I can’t stand it any longer, Sirone. The opportunity given to you is running out.’
My body and mind were weakened by the time wave, but I didn’t feel particularly bad.
‘When was the last time you saw your old age?’ I lived like a tenacious youth. Now that this has happened, the obsession and lingering feelings of the past have become infinitely lighter.
“Whoops.”
A life as calm as a plant was fine.
‘You’re going to pay the price. Because it’s the only thing I can do for this world.’
Just what stays in my mind.
“Kiddo.”
In the distance, I saw a stooped goblin walking away after defeating the demons.
He was wrinkled, and under his green chin was a white-washed beard.
“You’ve done it. won’t come for a while
yo. this.”
grew old together
She was a little embarrassed, wondering if Kido was looking at her like that too.
“You can’t look at me.”
Uorin said as Kido nodded as if he understood and sat down far away.
“what? come here.”
Uorin leaned her head on his shoulder as the helpless goblin sat down next to him.
After the big explosion, the battlefield was quiet.
“Kiddo.”
Wu Lin asked.
“Am I ugly?”
Kido, with a detached expression, answered quietly.
“… … It is beautiful.”
Again, the time waves rushed in, and the bodies of the two began to wither like corpses.
“Kiddo.”
Wu Lin said.
“I can’t go anywhere now. You have to stay by my side.”
“then.”
They finally got together, and now the only thing waiting for them was separation.
‘I can’t recall the details of hearing these words one day, but if this is really the end.
“Uorin.”
I guess I have to say it now.
“I love you.”
The waves of time swept through the iron pole.
“Shina!”
A voice that finally burst into upbringing.
The Crown goes beyond the control of the mind and the body
Feeling Quan’s will to take over
put on
‘Right. This guy…
Because he couldn’t keep Shiina, because it was such an impossible law.
‘Breaking the symmetry of the system.’
The totality of the ability to dig into the gap and make the impossible possible.
‘mind.’
extremes of asymmetry.
The hidden code, which he completed by giving up his other half, turned the axis of the world upside down.
Cuckoo Cuckoo!
As the Terraforce ship fell below the atmosphere, Kuan kicked the ground with all his might.
“Shina.”
The external gravity that vomited in all directions threw Quan upward as if pulling him in.
-Enemy in sight. intercept
Terra Force’s flying bodies that protruded from the ship fired beams of vibrational energy.
‘Clown clown.’
The symmetry of the universe is broken, and a third direction that the law cannot define is born.
-has disappeared! I want to see!
-back! back!
Whoops!
While the planes collided with each other and disintegrated, Kuan landed on the ship.
‘haha.’
Crown was delightful.
‘Disappeared?’
No, it must have been unimaginable.
Entering through the cracks in the deck, a metallic corridor with a purple sheen came out.
“Shina… …
“stop.”
Crown took the vocal chords.
“Don’t treat me carelessly. it’s mine now I want to watch until the decision is made.”
Kuan frowned.
“Rain, get out of the way… …
After a few days of chasing, they were physically and mentally exhausted, so now the Crown had the upper hand.
“Did you do enough?”
The two mixed expressions became unified, and Crown shrank with a painful face.
“cadet!”
My muscles were screaming and I was sick with severe motion sickness.
“Stupid. We who keep fighting like this will die first. Get some rest.”
Crown limped and moved.
“I will try too.”
Although he did not know the actual situation, Sirone sensed it.
‘Now I don’t have a chance.’
Perhaps the thought that this was the last time also brought back his insane mind.
‘But there is no way.’
I was resentful, but I did everything I could to the extent that I couldn’t even have regrets.
‘Is it a defeat?’
It was the first time I thought of it.
“no.”
It’s not a match.
“It would be nice if everyone could be happy.”
Since humanity has already been given an opportunity that overflows, now is the time to give it back.
‘Let’s accept it.’
Accept the life Amy has chosen, and accept that she is destined to fight Nane.
‘Then I will not lose the status of Yahweh.’
Even though it’s Hexa, you won’t be able to meet her even in the outside world.
“Amy.”
Sirone could shed tears of joy.
“I’ll go see you.”
and the next moment.
Throughout all the returns, the greatest delusion of Yahweh filled the universe.
‘So that everyone in this world can be happy.’
– I forgive your sins.
Riding imaginary time, Tachyon particles spread his love throughout the universe.
Rumble!
Uriel’s Ragnarok pushed Ymir to the place where the temple was.
They finally stopped… … .
“Wonderful.”
Yuriel knelt and stamped under Ymir, whose arm had been blown off and only his shoulder remained.
Ikael and Ashur, who arrived late, saw the Archangel of Destruction suffering.
“Uriel!”
Uriel, who had flinched at Ikael’s voice, spoke in a low voice.
“… … finish it.”
It would disappear soon anyway, but I couldn’t bear to see her fall down.
“I’ll do just that.”
When Ymir regenerates his arm.
support support! support support!
Following the intense heavy metal sound, Satan’s army began to roll in.
“Kuaaaaa!”
Satan at the center was 20 meters tall, had a face as long as a horse, and had dozens of legs moving like a centipede.
-it hurts! It hurts!
“What is that again?”
Ymir frowned at the appearance of everything that looked strong.
“Tsk tsk.”
Nane, who was watching from the sky, clicked her tongue.
“… … A pitiful fellow.” After all, it is a man-made business.
Of course, when the world closes, Harvits will also pay a price on the outside.
After that, the human army arrived.
‘Air Press!’
When Gaold, whose eyes were turned upside down, pressed the air, the remnants of the demons were crushed.
In the intense explosion that followed, Ymir’s eyes found someone.
“haha.”
“Yaaaaa!”
Lian charged forward with a large straight sword with a machine-made arm and hit Ymir as it was.
“Ha ha ha ha!”
As fast as it flew, Mir’s voice went farther away.
“Sermon.”
Nane raised the index finger.
“grave.”
The pale pink sword twisted like a fish and fired at Gaold.
‘Air Press!’
Koo kung! thud! thud!
The sermon, which was swimming avoiding the atmospheric pressure that hit all directions, aimed at Gaold’s heart.
Thousand Hands Guanyin – Extinction.
Deed Deed Deed!
The two hands of Guanyin, which reached 10 million afterimages per second, struck and bounced off as if caressing a sword.
“You’re annoying me.”
Miro and Nane’s gazes crossed, and Ymir and Lian glared at each other.
“Ha ha ha! You are all dead now!”
The moment Havitz realized that the power was dissipated, he raised his huge body again.
Strings – the magic of comics.
Thousands of Son Yu-jeong rushed to him from all directions and beat him.
Aaaaaaa! It hurts again!
“Whoa.”
After erasing her alter ego, Son Yu-jung spewed steam out of her mouth and turned her back to stand up.
In the lull that the situation had agreed upon, Nane calmly identified Pia.
‘line. evil. ball.’
The child has not yet been seen.
Ikael, who escaped from the air press’s explosion, put Uriel down.
” are you okay?” does she know
How faithful he was to his essence in order not to appear like this.
“I’m sorry, Uriel. Actually, I was like, “I still don’t know.”
Uriel stopped talking.
“I am a being with the concept of destruction. So I thought I should break you. Because I was born for that reason. But I couldn’t break it. Could that be the heart?”
Is this what human beings call love?
“Well, there must be a reason. That’s why I didn’t destroy you. If you change something in the future, it will be my will. It must be my perfect choice, not God’s rule. Maybe that’s why I didn’t destroy it.”
“That’s not it.”
You blunt archangel.
“Why didn’t you break me… …
The tears of light that flowed down Ikael’s cheeks dripped onto Yuriel’s chest.
“Because you are kind.”
is it?
Uriel, who was lost in thought while staring at the empty space, smiled awkwardly.
“perhaps.”
The star light gradually weakens.
In his receding consciousness, he caught Ikael shining with light in his eyes.
‘It’s beautiful.’
Whatever it is, the most in the universe.
‘Whoops, yes.’
The fact that I realized at the last moment of my existence.
‘… … How can I destroy it?’
Isn’t that right, Kariel?
The celestial body of the archangel disappeared. Ikael hurriedly embraced her body that spread with light, but he had already escaped from her arms and fluttered into the sky.
“iced coffee??????
Ikael touched the ground.
“Uriel!”
Another Archangel has left.
Nothing has changed.
The spirit of Sirone, who ran through history as it was at the beginning, was only filled with love.
‘let’s go.’
Because now I can see Amy.
“me : yes!”
Arriving at Omega’s final moments, he charged Buddha with all his might.
Amy’s death cannot be prevented.
‘If that’s your choice… …
The tears in Sirone’s eyes are pushed back by the wind.
‘I will fight according to your wishes.’ The incarnation of Dainichi Nyorai, which had been repeated countless times, began to join hands together.
“me… …
There’s Amy over there.
≪T3……w
If you have a heart that loves all mankind, you will not lose the status of Yahweh.
‘One last time.’
I want to see her face.
“Sirone!”
It was such an impossible voice that Cyrone didn’t want to look back.
However, the consciousness of the whole body made it turn its head on its own, and there… … .
“uh?”
There was Amy, the incarnation of fire.
“uh?”
Without time to realize anything, Shirone saw the one at the center of Dainichi Nyorai.
It was Mirac Minerva.
“Uh, how?”
Could it be that you are still mad?
Is that why he can’t let go of his lingering feelings and confuses Amy and Minerva?
As if denying such a question, Minerva knelt in the form of a child.
Dainichi Nyorai’s palm gradually closes.
” tree.”
Facing Sirone, she said this with a very pretty eye smile.
“coffin. count. Um (I take refuge in Avalokiteshvara Bodhisattva).”
joint.
and extinction.
The moment she saw the bloody tears flowing from Nane’s eyes, Sirone quickly looked around.
‘done.’
I don’t know why, but an event that never happened in Eternal Return.
I felt the vibration of space-time.
‘Separated.’
Through the iron pole, the coordinates of space will be the same, but the coordinates of time will be separated into different universes.
“Fermi! hurry!”
beep! beep!
– Detect specific history! 100% assimilation rate!
A light flickered madly in the eyes of Richard, the recorder deep in the planet.
‘I found it!’
The incident caused by Sirone is deposited in Apocalypse and passed on to Richard, the final recorder.
– Transfer of information.
And the signal goes to the temple again through Chongi, an information wizard.
Fermi saw.
“come!”
The sight of a butterfly made of light becoming a flash and making a circle at the top of the sky.
‘I got it!’ Transaction-time vibration of depreciation.
Fermi, who swallowed the chip into his stomach at the same time as the implementation, quickly reached the realm.
‘With full force… …
time bomb!
The barrier of time is intangible, but the sound of a series of explosions was clear in Fermi’s ears.
pop! pop! pop! pop! pop!
The wall of time continues to break through, and the past and future in between are defined by the present.
” wow??????
Grass and trees grew in what had been desolate ruins, and all human-made civilizations, such as artificial structures, roads, and facilities, began to spread throughout the world again.
And within that civilization, the humans who suffered from the Great Earth Annihilation were also appearing.
“??????uh?”
Dante in Delta blinked.
‘ what?’
obviously dead
“Dante?”
Lyria, who was next to him, was also looking around strangely.
“What happened?”
When I went to the window and looked out, the scenery was changing at a tremendous speed due to the waves of time rushing in succession.
To the brilliant and colorful world of humans.
“… … I don’t know either.”
Sirone.
The feeling of Yahweh, as if it were contained in the first time, remained in the heart.
1 sec. 1 sec. 1 sec. 1 sec.
A chain of time waves continued to send intermediate stages of history into the present.
Nade’s whole body trembled.
“Uh huh?”
New information was being accumulated in real time on top of existing information.
‘Sirone left.’
accumulation.
‘Did Sirone leave?’
accumulation again.
‘No, Sirone… …
Where Nade turned his head, a very familiar figure shimmered.
“Were you by my side?”
With the coordinates of space and time fully merged, Sirone arrived in the present.
“Sirone!”
Nade hugged him, and Iruki and Dorothy, who were watching from a distance, gave a high five.
“uh?”
Sirone was bewildered.
The time wave was still rolling in, so everything was mixed up, but one thing was clear.
‘It’s coming back to normal.’
Civilization, precious people, more humanity, all while finding their place.
“What about Amy?”
she didn’t see
In fact, as much as it was a miraculous event, Sirone felt a sudden sense of anxiety.
Is something wrong?
“Amy!” The moment Fermi met his eyes, he smiled and pointed somewhere with his index finger.
“ah??????
Sirone’s body trembled.
The place he had seen in the past, the incarnation of flame was appearing in that form.
‘come.’
like magic.
‘It’s coming.’
It was born in front of Si Lone’s eyes, going back through the repeated eons of time.
“Whoa.”
Fermi exhaled.
“Once, one thing is solved.” Because the past and future are all integrated, the current time is still Omega 999 years.
‘Reverted to before the apocalypse.’
And if events change from now on, it will be the human future, not God’s calculation.
“Then slowly… …
Fermi turned bitterly.
“shall we start?”
Since they are in the same space and time, Sirone’s abilities are currently transferred to Fermi.
In order to fight with Tachyon instead of Time Vibration, the ability had to be canceled.
‘Normally three months. but… … Fermi rushed.
‘There are ways.’
The ability to trade depreciation had to be removed from the world.
“Fermi!”
Seriel, who had received almost all of the time waves, finally realized it and followed him.
“That fool!”
why didn’t i think of it?
“You promised! there is no future to die
You did!”
Looking back, it was true.
“Mr. … !”
Although there is no future that dies.
“You were supposed to die!”
Not the law of the world, to the end
Because it is a decision made by one’s own heart.
Fermi was calm.
‘mother.’
Yoga who left for the world.
‘How do you like me?’
The one wish that the son who always missed his mother had in his heart.
‘Did I make the right decision?’ It was to see her proudly smiling face at the end of the sky.
And now, Fermi saw.
“ah?… ”
Tears that had never been shed before were pouring down his cheeks terribly.
“I did it, mother!”
There was a great catharsis in his heart as he shouted in a crying voice.
Transactions in depreciation, extinction.
“Sermon.”
Nane said to the rushing Fermi.
“rain.”
Seeing a dagger rushing at a terrifying speed, Fermi cast a spell.
‘Air shield!’
TZ： I三 = = T三 = TZ | ―rn~i?r!
The air exploded violently, followed by the sound of countless layers of air breaking through.
“Keugh!”
“Fermi!”
Seriel turned along Fermi’s body, which had been blown away like paper.
He was torn apart by the sharp air, and his chest was covered in blood.
“Fermi! Fermi!”
Let’s cast recovery magic, the wound healed little by little and the bleeding started to stop.
“No fuss.”
Fermi said with a sick expression.
“Only the skin was torn. It’s okay because the internal organs haven’t been damaged. Anyway, with this, the magic has been transferred.”
Seriel was dazed.
“Why aren’t you dead? no, that’s not it So, did you mean this from the beginning?”
“I told you, I won’t die. Could it be that I jumped at you without even thinking about how to live?” Fermi winked.
“I’m not stupid like Sirone.”
“haha.”
I hate it because I want to die.
‘still… …
Seriel hugged Fermi to her chest.
“i love it.”
The time wave is finally over.
“ha.”
The information of the final past of Sirone and the future of mankind integrated into the present remained in his mind.
It was the same effect as when all mankind cast Time Vibration.
“Sirone.”
The two people who dealt with imaginary numbers of time with tachyons knew everything about the disappearing history.
“me : yes.”
Yahweh and Buddha faced each other.
“You came at last.”
“Give up now. I came this far through the sacrifices of many people. I will protect these three worlds.”
“… … It did.”
Nane looked around the battlefield.
Still, humanity was divided between their good and the evil they created.
“But how many? 100 people? 1 thousand people? Sirone, to me they are just sleep files. When you wake up, everyone might hate you. just… …
To the fact that I was playing with the signal.
“doesn’t care. Of course you’re right, and that’s why you’re trying to close the world, but we have the right to choose. If they say they want to stay, they stay.”
“okay. There is no room for compromise between the law and the heart.”
Nane’s eyes sank.
“Now things are equal. only you and me Let’s make decisions in perfect condition for each other.”
Sirone nodded.
And in the next moment, Yahweh and Buddha began to slowly soar into the sky.
It was the final confrontation between Kong and Ae.
iron pole.
While everything returned to its place, only the space of Cheolgeuk was empty.
A bleak wind blew, leaving only the goblin and the corpse of a woman leaning on his shoulder.
yes. yes. yes. yes.
Just as the amplitude decreases from the outside when a string is plucked, the time waves here were still operating.
time is accelerating
awesome awesome
The bodies of the goblin and the woman, who were drying up like mummies, twisted and twisted together.
10 years, 20 years… … .
As time progresses rapidly, they gradually become smaller and permeate into the ground.
Another 30, 40 years… … .
A small sprout sprouted and began to grow like blowing in the wind.
When 50, 60, and 100 years passed like that.
In the place of Cheolgeuk stood a huge and thick beautiful tree.
It wasn’t language.
– Kido.
– huh?
Small world creation, a communication method of plants.
-Anyway, it looks like we were reincarnated as trees. I’ll have to stay here longer for a while.
-haha. That’s right.
-What is that reaction? Don’t you like being one with me?
-no. I thought of you all of a sudden I had forgotten about it, but it suddenly came to my mind.
– What?
-When I was a goblin, I met a certain fortune teller. Do you know what my future was? They say love dries up, twists and rots.
-haha! you saw the future
-But now that I think about it, I think that astrologer was a complete mess.
-why? It’s kind of similar.
-what… … It is, but
The tree of life bore fruit one by one.
-I’m not thirsty anymore.

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-1275.txt
=============YYYYY=============
final chapter (4)
Adam connected to Richard, exactly the sex brain, sent a signal to the main body.
“My role is done. You can turn it off now.”
“are you okay?”
Even though the whole body was a machine, the heart was still a human, so Richard asked.
“I’ve seen Lilith’s life, so I don’t need to stay. I just fulfilled my responsibility to this world. At least I wanted to protect what Guffin left behind.”
“Are you waking up in the outside world?”
“I don’t know. As long as the missing link still works, you won’t know until you go.”
“What if I wake up? You might be able to help the world. Still, it is the world I stayed in.”
“well.”
The castle brain thought for a moment.
“Honestly, I am not sure. Any good dream is quickly forgotten in the face of reality.”
“… … I guess so.”
“how about you? If Sirone wins, there will be no gods in this world.”
“At that time, shouldn’t I turn off the power too?”
“Are you giving up your chance to become a god?”
“haha.”
said Richard.
“God exists for humans.
After all,” Adam said goodbye.
“I have to go.”
“okay. please… …
I can hear the sound of the output dropping out.
“I hope it was a good dream.”
The brain that had the blue electricity
it got dark
Good and evil, ball and child collided.
“Kuaaa!”
At the combined attack of mankind, Habitz was retreating with a scream.
On the other hand, the form became more bizarre.
As the lower body melted, it was connected to the ground, and the universe was traveling through the black upper body.
“Never lose! I never lose!”
right, mom?
The ground connected to Habitz shuddered like water, and hundreds of hands protruded.
“Kuk!”
When Son Yu-jeong was caught by one of them, Havitz, who was thrown to the ground, screamed in agony.
“Gaaaaa!”
Son Yoo-jung’s body began to burn as the tremendous pain surged in.
Gaold frowned.
“I’m going crazy.”
His existence itself was chaos, to the extent that he was better off when his mental state was chaos.
Taesung and Lethe entered Richard’s secret room.
“It’s running out of control.”
Lethe, who spotted Harvits on the screen in front of her, said with a serious expression.
“Hidden code is originally a meta code that should not be applied to the main ground as it is. It is a master language that operates the process before the world is implemented.”
Taesung said.
“It is the world behind it.”
“okay. Satan’s definition is the central control unit overseeing the source of the underworld. Even so, God, who is the core of the five systems, has the final approval authority, but Harbitz is currently recklessly abusing God’s authority.”
said Richard.
“Is it possible?”
“It is possible. If it is the Illuminati.” “As an administrator, I don’t know the realm beyond God. I’m just guessing through God’s data. It must be a fairly high level of authority among the Illuminati. Otherwise, God’s security regulations cannot be changed at will.”
Taeseong said bitterly.
“Havitz… … The missing link is broken.”
“It will not be arbitrary. It’s not something you can do on purpose. It is not properly synchronized. That’s an illegal accessor. The missing link signal was weak.”
Richard saw Satan’s battle.
“Are you a child too? Dealing with code is so immature and intuitive.”
“Havitz has lived here for over 40 years, but as the missing link weakens, his original tendencies come out. Of course, an expert wouldn’t treat it like that, but there’s no way you would do something like that in the first place, right? It’s meaningless, and an attack on the world the user is connected to would be a felony.”
Taesung asked.
“Could Harvits’ inexperience be a breakthrough?”
“It will be difficult.”
Lethe was negative.
“Even if you’re immature, it’s God’s right. Even if there is a human who understands all five systems, there is a difference between growing and using what has already been completed. As Terraforce said, the battle between good and evil will end with the victory of evil. Even if Ae wins the ball and the world is maintained.”
“A child and a ball… …
Richard changed the background of the screen.
Sirone and Nane were attacking each other while maintaining a distance of 400 kilometers.
It’s a long distance for humans, but considering their bullets, it was close.
“It’s tight.”
This time, Taeseong stepped in.
“If Havitz broke God’s rule, you and I are God’s rule itself. That is why it is right.”
“It’s a complicated situation. Even if Sirone wins, if evil wins, it means the user suffers. Then, of course, you have to leave.”
“So there is Terraforce.” Lethe dazed as Richard turned the screen.
“What is that again?”
Their ship, which should reset the history of mankind, was flying staggeringly.
Taesung said.
“The Illuminati are on board. It appears to have broken the missing link in the real world. In that case, punishment is impossible according to the user’s self-regulation. Of course, if you know the outside world, you won’t have any regrets here. But why would that be?”
Richard reasoned.
“There must be something left in this world. Anyway, from what I hear, this universe is the only one in the multiverse of Gods where the signal from the Guffin came in.”
“It’s completely ruined.”
Lethe grabbed her head.
“This universe is a mess. He said he felt ashamed as a manager of the five major systems.”
said Richard.
“Judgment seems impossible. If so, it will eventually be decided in the cog wheel of good and evil. As the administrator of the system, what if you predicted the final outcome?”
Lethe shook her head.
“Not even a god can calculate that. Good and evil is just a direction written on a compass. It’s just that the four people who have reached the pole are suggesting different directions. What revolves around the center… …
Taesung said.
“mind.”
Humans will decide where to go.
The planet was like a nucleus encased in a cell membrane.
Anticell burning in sunlight
A huge amount of gas was emanating from the skin.
Chee Hee Hee!
Trillions of objects burned per second, but they divided into many more cells, and the cell membranes grew thicker.
The sunlight that illuminated the world by causing diffuse reflection within the slime gradually weakened.
“Sirone!”
under that gray sky.
“me : yes!”
Yahweh and Buddha were engaged in a dogfight while flying at a speed of over 40 Mach.
‘Photon Cannon!’
Depending on the angle of the turn, their range moved between 400 and 1,200 km.
“Sermon.”
At the center, tens of thousands of flashes and swords of light were intersecting.
pop! pop! pop! pop!
With her wings flapping, Sirone evaded the sword of light flying from beyond the horizon.
Nane was invisible, but his sermons were speaking instead.
‘No, it’s me.’
You shouldn’t close it like this.
‘There will be pain. Can’t someone else do it for me Maybe he wants to die.’
Because Sirone also lived such a life.
‘But you’re living again like this. Even if it’s painful… …
Hand of God – Photon Cannon.
“There can be any number of happy days!”
A huge flash like the sun traveled 700 kilometers in an instant and reached Nane.
you put it together
“river! dog! nine! jin! green onion! heat! pole!” The harmony of the sermon turned into a huge sword and blew up the photon cannon.
“middle! heat! radish! rain! dragon! roo!”
Then, the vibrating sword increased by the number of vibrations and fired.
“okay.”
I know too.
‘I must have been happy when I was born. Whether he saw a clown perform or held hands with a lover.’
but someone
‘I’m starving. Being humiliated! getting sick! Killed for no reason!’
Nane’s attack intensified.
“I don’t know if he will come or not! Just to receive and eat that one drop of happiness!”
If it were middle school students waiting with their mouths open, enduring all sorts of pain.
“Rather than the harsh fantasy of happiness, isn’t it the right way to abandon greed and anxieties and take in free tranquility?
The ignorant sermon is shot.
Kwak Kwa Kwa Kwa Kwam!
An explosion sounded over the Republic of South Eymond, probably where Sirone was.
The people of South Eymond watched the rain of swords with fear and wonder.
The sword of the sermon was so shiny that I couldn’t even see the scene where it was stabbed by Sirone.
“Hey, Yahweh.”
they know
In the final return, Sirone embraced the sins of the whole world with love.
“Whoa.”
The smoke in the sky cleared, and Sirone, engulfed in the Miracle Stream, uttered a low voice.
“me : yes.”
Negotiation is impossible anyway.
“It is not us who decides that.”
“Quack!” Harvits has evolved endlessly.
coup
Death fields spread all over the place, and the resistance army struggled with the pain of becoming charcoal.
“Aaaaaaa!”
Havitz, who holds the universe in his body, declared with his arms wide open.
“I am a God! I can do anything I want!”
right, mom?
If it weren’t for Wizards, this annoying world would be destroyed.
“charge! Don’t stop!”
Although dealing with Havitz was a terrible pain, the resistance did not back down.
“Keuuugh!”
pain! pain! pain!
Between the real and the fake, the meaning of good and evil has already faded.
“Be patient! Hold on! I can win!”
Only pain was proving this moment.
“Havitz!”
Miro’s Thousand-Armed Kannon hit Havitsu’s body with 120 million hits.
Puff puff puff puff!
“I believe in God!”
Eden joined hands and prayed, spreading a huge shield over the entire radius.
“I think it will work!”
As Harvits slammed his hands down again, an even stronger pain spread across the field.
Again, with human screams spreading out like concentric circles, Gaold threw himself.
‘Don’t mock.’
Gaold’s hair began to bleach as he slammed the ground with both legs.
‘Don’t mock humans.’
Even knowing the great pain ahead, he took another step towards it.
It is said that the screams of humans desperately struggling to live are quite beautiful.
“Aaaaaaa!”
Miro thought.
“Gaold!”
Huge atmospheric pressure hit the ground, and Havitz’s face was crushed like a porridge.
-It hurts j
thud! thump thump thump!
Kang Nan bit his lip in the midst of the endlessly pounding air press, and tears welled up in his eyes.
‘It must be painful.’
life runs over you
As if thrown into the boiling water of good and evil, life itself was fluttering.
‘Something like pain… …
Gauld’s eyes turned completely upside down.
“It’s just pain.”
“Don’t talk nonsense!”
Havitz finally realized Gaold’s characteristics.
‘That guy gets stronger the more he gets sick. and… …
There is no limit to pain.
‘then.’
A white hole opened in Havitz’s eyes, and a pure white beam hit the ground.
Pain code 17 (test version). Hot steam rises from the earth, and pain that does not exist in this world explodes.
“Quaaaaaaaaa!”
As Eden’s defenses melted, air bubbles began to form in people’s bodies.
Harvits shouted.
“Did you think you would win?”
Because you are right, because you are good, because there are no holy places for devils.
“I thought I could beat God!” Havitz’s huge hand gripped Gaold, and a great pain went through his brain.
“ugh… …
That scream… … .
“Quaaaaaaaa!”
It was a terrible and desperate sound that made the listener feel cold.
Miro ran away in tears.
“Gaold!”
Tears of blood were also flowing from the incarnation of the Thousand-Handed Guanyin that filled the sky.
210 million hits. As many as 370 million blows, terrible pain flowed through the incarnation to Miro.
Gaold.
Miro thought.
‘Why are we so hard? Can’t I just live like everyone else?’
‘It’s a maze.’
He was also thinking of Autumn, who was screaming in Havitz’s grip.
‘Living is painful. Because each person lives with one burden.’
‘You mean it’s not more painful than them?’
‘Let’s believe that.’
If you deny even that… … .
Gaold raised the pain threshold with all his might.
“Aaaaaaa!”
What will be left of our lives?
Cuckoo coo coo coo!
Havitz’s body gradually flattens under the frantic air press.
“Big.”
Finally, with a thump, he fell flat at Gaold’s feet again.
“Kurrure… …
The resistance group, whose body parts had turned to charcoal, stared blankly at the scene in front of them.
“Go, Gaold.”
Gaold, who was staggering in the center, vomited and slowly turned his head.
His eyes were completely open, and red blood was pouring from the pores all over his body.
“Howdy??????
Seeing Miro’s weeping face without even thinking about wiping away his tears, he giggled.
“Since I live, I see you crying because of me?”
my idea
“autumn’……
Miro’s heart sank.
The light in Gaold’s eyes, which had been shaken in shock, began to return to normal at a rapid pace.
Those were the eyes of a determined person.
“Please come back.”
Miro’s head moved left and right involuntarily, and Gaold looked at Havitz.
“Can you tell me why you can’t move?”
“Kreur! you… …
“To beat me, you have to hurt more than me.”
His tone was calm, but his face was already convulsing with nervous shock.
The maze was terrified.
“Gaold, wait.”
“are you okay.”
While shivering as if he was about to explode, Gaold tried to smile.
“Because suffering is lonely.”
Cannot be divided, cannot be passed on.
‘I really don’t know. I wonder how hard it is for me too.’
I’ve never, and probably never can, measure the pain of another person.
‘One thing is clear.’
Regardless of whether a person is strong or weak, a person who pursues goodness has a strong sense of responsibility.
4N…’
Living with an unbearable burden.
“no! Gaold!”
Miro held out his hand and came running, and Gaold slowly closed his eyes as he prepared for the last.
“So me too… …
pain – infinity.
“It doesn’t hurt that much.” air press.
At the same time as the magic was activated, Gaold’s form sank into the depths of the underground.
same time. Taeseong suddenly crouched down on him and grabbed his head.
‘It’s the strongest ever.’
As if foreseeing what was to come, Lethe looked at her with a tired expression.
Taeseong let out a scream.
“Quaaaaaaaaaaa!”
Tremendous vibrations occurred at one point, and Richard watched a tremendous pillar of fire on the screen.
‘The maximum threshold that this world can give. And the power of magic that comes out of that threshold… …
Satan was also close.
I’ve probably sung a thousand songs and played more than that.
support support! support support!
Divine transcendence was still valid, but Ranstin now had no songs left.
‘Repeat is impossible.’
Samantha’s control would weaken.
‘Still, he endured.’
The man’s face that came to mind at the last moment that was about to come was ironic.
‘Pannier.’
Thirty percent of the songs he played were composed while he was working with Panier.
‘I thought I’d never take it out again.’ When I actually played it, it wasn’t bad, no, on the contrary, I quite liked it.
‘I must have known.’
that person
Lin couldn’t sing.
Her vocal cords, which had saved her throat like life, had completely ruptured and she could not make any more sounds.
‘Why did I insist?’
All those experiences, the fact that countless times are making you who you are now.
‘If only I had known a little earlier.’
Ranstin smiled for a while, but the guitar melody began to soften.
Sensing the change, Rin’s eyes softened.
go.
“Ohhhh. Oh oh.”
Ranstin sang.
“Ohhhh. Oh oh.”
It was just an eight-bar melody without lyrics, but it was definitely different from the previous one.
To my daughter, to my wife, to Panier, to all the people in the world who have been angry.
“Ohhhh! Oh oh!”
It was sincerity expressed through voice.
A miracle happened when Ranstin’s voice spread to the world on the Anticell.
“what’?”
A lot of people started looking at the sky.
And the music also flowed deep underground where the survivors took refuge.
A song to sing with all your heart.
oh oh Oh oh.
Having heard all of Ranstin’s music so far, Panier’s lips went up.
‘Yes, that is your soul.’
oh oh Oh oh.
Panier, who was deeply inhaling his cigarette, looked up at the ceiling and murmured quietly.
“… … Where is the contract?”
The song is over.
Perhaps because he was satisfied, Ranstin released his alter ego, the guitar, and threw it to the ground.
All that remains is Anticell’s all-out attack.
Rin, who calmly watched as the rain of countless cells fell, turned around.
because I already told you everything.
No words were needed, and the two hugged each other and shared a deep kiss.
and.
Cuckoo Cuckoo Cuckoo!
The cell buster devastated the ground.
Air press explosion area.
Thanks to Taeseong desperately blocking it, the resistance forces suffered little damage.
Cyrano grumbled.
“Crazy. I told you not to come around, did you mean to blow up the whole city?”
Rufist said.
“Anyway, it’s definitely the greatest explosion ever. It would be nice if this was the end of Satan… …
So far there has been no movement.
“I’m in trouble!”
Nade and Iruki, who were fighting demons in another area, ran to them.
“What is going on?”
“sky. Look at the sky.”
After the smoke cleared, what they confirmed was an innumerable number of anticells.
“… … Right.”
Judging by the number of objects, it would not have lasted even an hour.
“Iruki!”
Flames gathered in the air, and Amy, who had turned into an incarnation of fire, appeared.
“The music has stopped! We will invade soon.”
“We know. but… …
“I’ll block it.”
It was also burned by the sun, so Amy’s flames must also work.
“All of that?”
Amy, who looked up at the sky, was also dizzy.
“You can’t completely stop it. Let’s make a filter by spreading a thin layer of flame. Even if you block only seven out of ten, you can buy time.”
Iruki nodded.
“Then I will find a way with Fermi. Let me last as long as possible.”
“okay.”
Amy flew up and witnessed the cells pouring down from the North Pole.
“oh my god.”
However, her incarnation was also at the level of accepting the phoenix from the sun.
“As far as possible… …
And wide, her body turned into a veil of fire that began to cover the planet.
Hearing the roar of Gaol’d’s explosion, Ikael looked towards the temple.
‘It’s tremendous power.’
It was when Taeseong’s durability was taken into account.
Ashur said.
“If you want to check, I will keep it.”
At that moment, the landscape was crumpled and the true voice appeared beyond the boundaries of space.
“Angel, it is urgent.”
Behind her, a brown-skinned woman and a man with a sword stood side by side.
It was Maya and Cayden.
“Soon the cell busters will invade the ground. We need to take measures before that.”
Ikael asked at Jin Seong-eum’s words.
“Is there a way?”
Maya said.
“My friend Fermi, no, anyway, asked me to sing instead of the guitar man.”
“sing?”
As far as Ikael knew, the songs that had stopped Anticell so far were some kind of magic.
“Can you stop too?”
Maya shook her head.
“no. But God hates this incident. Because Fermi said he saw the information of the future. Of course now
It doesn’t seem like the future I knew.”
Ikael looked back at the battlefield and thought
all.
‘Uriel.’
No matter what she did, Uriel’s will must have continued.
“Rather than helping those who are fighting now
Would it be more helpful to help them?”
“yes. Only Ikael can do this
yeah.”
“??????what?”
Maya tightened her eyes and said.
“Amplify the song, please.”
to spread all over the world.
The smoke from the explosion cleared, and the rebels despaired of seeing it floating in the sky.
– Ha ha ha ha!
It wasn’t the usual hideous figure, but a figure with white skin like a nameless.
“It’s called the base type.”
“Aren’t you scratched?”
Even that was hopeless, but the strong including Miro recognized it at a glance.
‘It’s gotten stronger.’
-Okay, bugs? What kind of existence am I? I saw the god that everything is possible. As Harvits opened his arms, things like fish eyes flowed over his white skin.
Calamity code 23 (test version).
The body swelled up enormously and turned into a hideous monster with tens of thousands of eyes.
-Then where… … .
“You son of a bitch!”
And the next moment, Miro started running alone, raising her eyes of hatred.
The moment when the space of Jinseongeum is connected.
Demon Sword – Biseom.
Cayden’s sword slashed through space at a tremendous speed, defeating the surrounding Anticells.
“hurry!”
Unlike Kitaru Man, Cayden had no choice but to widen the radius with a thin sword.
The two people who once sang to the whole world disappeared without a trace.
‘thank you.’
But Maya intuitively found where they sang.
Ikael shrugged.
“Get started. I don’t know much about singing, but I hope I can convey your feelings.”
Maya nodded and closed her eyes for a moment.
Cayden’s battle and Ashur’s preparations for transfer are gradually getting farther and farther away.
In a state of perfect concentration and with all her heart, she began to speak.
oh oh Oh oh.
It was the posthumous work of Kitaru Man.
The battle between Buddha and Yahweh became more rapid.
Their circumnavigation of the planet passed through as many countries as their journey.
Through Tormia, Kazra, Ferris, Biden, and Jive, to Kashan’s desert.
“Yahweh.”
And each time the flash passed, people came out and turned to the sky.
A song heard from somewhere.
oh oh Oh oh.
The melody was the same, but the voice belonged to a woman much softer than before.
“You sing well.”
People around agreed.
“Good song.”
that too.
After a while, someone shyly spoke up.
“Ohhh… … Oh oh.”
Starting with that, they sang along one by one, and finally everyone in the street sang in chorus.
10 to 100, 100 to 1,000.
Ohhh! Oh oh!
Tormia, Kazura, and Biden. Jincheon, Nambang, Iron, Kessia, Yakma, Paras, etc.
Sirone and Nane searched the ground at the voices that spread simultaneously from all over the world.
‘This?’
What the two realized at the same time was information about the future of Apocalypse that had now been erased.
‘The song of all mankind.’
At that time, God frustrated humans, but now the Veron problem has been solved.
‘The future can change.’
Sirone clenched his fists.
‘If everyone decides not to fight, it magically happens.’
It seems so easy, but something that has never been achieved in human history.
Ohhh! Oh oh!
said Mika.
– Detection of Ultima system possibilities. Consolidation rate of 2 percent. Number of participants, 54,067,984.
“mister! mister!”
Gang-Nan, who did not avoid the place when the explosion occurred, searched for Gaold.
He was wriggling in the center of the crater.
“mister!”
After confirming that all of her limbs were broken, Kang Nan immediately turned around.
“Right now, people… … !”
“I had a dream.”
Gaold looked calm.
“I was with her. It was a happy dream. We built a cabin in the woods, I hunted, and she cooked. I have a wolf that goes hunting with me, and I really liked him.”
Gangnan smiled.
“… … It was a wonderful dream.”
“When I woke up, I felt a little empty. I miss that dream But that didn’t work.”
Gaold looked back at Gangnan.
“If this is a dream, I will have to miss this place again. Whether it’s reality or a dream, I just have to live the moment I am at my best.”
Kang Nan nodded while shedding tears.
“okay.”
autoreciprocal mutation.
Wasn’t the reason why he was able to withstand countless shocks because of his superhuman will?
Maybe decades more, maybe it’ll be over in just a few minutes.
Even if there is only one second left, he will do his best to live here.
“thank you.”
Gangnan was satisfied with that.
“don’t worry.”
Gaulde, who took the pain of infinity, felt what an ordinary person feels.
“Because it doesn’t hurt anymore.”
The air was sweet for the first time.

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-1276.txt
=============YYYYY=============
final chapter (5)
Hatred welled up in Miro’s eyes.
“Gaold… …
someone like you
Although the form of Harvits evoked fear to the point of nauseating the viewer.
“Yaaaaa!”
In Miro’s eyes, he was just an object of anger that he wanted to kill right now.
Harvits burst into laughter.
“Uhhhhh.”
Because the power of disaster code number 23 is too strong.
Even though it was a test version, it was a power that no one in this world could touch.
“Die aaaaaa!”
Each of Havitz’s scales, which looked like a giant fish, was separated as a single entity.
Like fish swimming through the air, tens of thousands of individuals turned around like schools of anchovies.
Miro didn’t mind.
‘Gaold.’
If there is a reason to love someone, there is no reason why Miro does not love Gaold.
‘Where are you?’
The man who miraculously appeared and smiled at the most difficult moments was no longer there.
‘it’s annoying.’
The fact that there was no one else to be annoyed with made Miro truly annoyed.
Tears are flowing.
“Thousands Arms Guanyin.”
The thousand-armed incarnation of Kannon struck Havitsu with the most furious expression.
“Aaaaaaa!” Thousands Arms Guanyin-Gwangmajang.
1.37 billion hits per second is probably the size of her hatred.
“Aww! Aaaaaa!”
The hand of Kannon beat Habitz.
“Hehe.”
Impacts coming from all directions took no damage to Havitz.
“I am invincible.” If someone applies this code to the real world, that world won’t be sustainable.
Because that unsustainable cause will be transformed into a result and ruin the outside world.
“I am a god!”
Harvitz’s use of force was a clear taboo and proof that he was not a god.
Kaaaaaa!
The sound of tens of thousands of fish screaming hit Miro’s eardrums.
“Die!”
The enraged Thousand Hands Guanyin was also waving its arms, cutting the segment of time to the limit.
“No!”
Eden shouted.
“We need to dry Mr. Miro. Feel like this…≫
The death of the polar line, of course, only transformed Havitz into a stronger being.
Sein said.
“I know. But, you can’t run away. Do you mean just die?”
“Mr. Miro.”
Eden looked back at Satan and bit his lip.
‘strong.’
To be honest, even now I was afraid of what he could do to me.
“No, I am not afraid.”
She took a deep breath and ran to Satan.
“As long as God keeps me.”
Because as long as the power of love exists in this world, you will always be invincible.
“Oh God.”
Eden draws the name of the Jordanian religion and blocks between the labyrinth and Satan.
“Kuaaa!”
The moment Satan roared and flew in, and the half-charred maze tried to counterattack.
“I believe in God!”
Eden knelt down and spread the shield.
“The value of good is right, the lie of evil is unclean, and the seed of love will spread in this land!”
“Ha ha ha! Ha ha ha!”
Satan’s body disintegrated like tens of thousands of blades and struck the defenses of Eden.
Kang! Kang! Kang! Kang! Kang!
Her body trembled at the tremendous power, but Eden never averted her gaze.
“Jorah’s trinity of faith, will, and love! Give me infinite power… … Kyaaaaaaa!”
Kaka Kaka Kaka!
Miro’s hair stood on end at the sound of Eden’s scream in the middle of the prayer.
Harvits shouted.
“I am God!”
Miro, who had been glaring at Satan who had scratched Eden and ascended to heaven, lowered his eyes.
“Eh, Eden.”
Knock. Knock.
Eden lowered her head with her hands clasped, bleeding from wounds all over her body.
Havitz, who returned to the base type, said.
“Are you stupid, do you still believe in God? Whatever god you believe in, I can make even stronger ones.”
The white skin was stained black.
“I mean something like this.”
-Unauthorized Level 1 Code: Black Day.
Not even for testing purposes.
A disaster that had to be made just because it could be made, and was absolutely unnecessary in this world.
“Uhhhhh.”
Havitz took pleasure in the immense freedom of his existence.
“So much fun.”
Like a total solar eclipse, a ring of light formed around the rim of the body that had grown into a sphere.
Light and darkness, plane and solid, an embodiment that completely ignores the logic of this world… … .
“it’s okay.”
It expanded to an enormous size and rushed toward the ground in the shape of a devil.
“I will kill them all.”
The reason why Havits, who can end the world at any time if he wants, has endured so far.
“Wizard. This is all your responsibility.” And the reason why the wizard did not reveal itself to him until he endured the pain.
people realized
“… … finished.”
It was to avoid making Harvitz like that.
“We are done.”
Terraforce was right.
What fell into their world was an absolute existence that could not be denied by any logic.
so the end… … .
“Yaaaa!”
… … At that time, when everyone accepted, Miro, who had healed Eden, rushed to Habitz.
“Thousands Arms Guanyin.”
Her incarnation, which was reborn, had benevolent eyes unlike a moment ago.
‘It was foolish.’
– Hold on.
As the Supreme Court said.
‘Even fighting evil and winning is the method of evil. Good does not defeat evil.’
Because evil is also man-made.
“A line is… …
As the most basic right, to keep the place as the truth without a doubt.
“immutability.”
Because they are not swayed by any logic, they can rely on them beyond time and space.
“Jeongmyeong.”
It is a ray of light that can return even if you get lost in the infinite methodology.
“Forever.”
It is the power that can endlessly maintain the sanctuary of goodness that evil can never have.
“I do not overcome evil.” What is a polar line?
“Forever in this place, most correctly.”
The two arms of the Thousand Hands Guanyin turned wide and joined together, and then separated into a huge afterimage.
“I just keep the good.”
All Heaven Projection – Thousand Arms Guanyin Chomangla.
Follow me, follow me!
A huge number of chapters formed a barrier to block Havitz’s attack.
“Stop talking nonsense!”
Havitz’s body, which tried to squeeze through every gap in the signal, was blocked by the wall.
‘There is no blind spot in my mind.’ The strongest defender of mankind, the defense of the labyrinth, the resistance fighters burned their will.
“Now! attack!”
Since it is evil created by humans, it is the principle of the world that humans must judge.
“These wormy humans!”
In fact, those who looked as small as ants were inflicting wounds with swords and magic.
‘Why are you doing this to me? Don’t you hate being sick?’
pain.
He must have been someone he never wanted to touch, but he was no longer afraid of anyone.
“haha.”
Harvits laughed.
“You are talking nonsense.”
His hand stretched out and attacked Fleur’s body as she cast the phoenix.
“Quaaaaaaaaaaaa!”
It was a sign of pain.
“Yeah, I remember. You were a fun kid too.”
I remembered that Fleur’s heart was quite thick when I heard it right after Geith’s assassination.
“You don’t even have to talk bullshit.”
The worst pain a black day’s existence could cause penetrated Flew’s body.
“Ah ah ah ah ah! Ah ah ah ah ah!”
Tears of blood flowed from her eyes as she leaned back on her knees.
“Hee, hee!”
The sight and the fear they had imagined made the resistance of the resistance waver in an instant.
Harvits burst into laughter.
“haha! Look! You guys are all the same anyway! If it’s right and sleep, if you beat it… …
“Kkoaaaaaa!”
“All the same!” As Havitz pressed harder, blood gushed from Flu’s nose, ears, and mouth.
“Fl, Mr. Flu.”
The face of the resistance fighter turned pale at the sight of him wriggling with all of his bodily fluids drained out.
” also?”
they were startled
“Who else is coming? The one standing in the front is the winner. Let’s see… …
“Keugh!”
He wanted to step back immediately, but if he backed down, someone would have no choice but to be sacrificed.
‘but… … I never want to suffer.’
“haha! It took.”
Flew gradually regained consciousness as Havitz’s hand reached for a soldier.
‘ sick.’
It was an indescribable pain.
‘Mr. Gaold.’
But Flu knows.
A man who has lived through much more than this, possibly overcoming pain that has no limits.
‘I won’t die.’
Because Gaold has already proven it.
‘Don’t carelessly define the limit of human beings.’
As Fleur slowly raised herself, Harvits and everyone’s eyes focused on her.
” I am??????
Blood was dripping, and the features of the bleeding that had occurred had significantly deteriorated. “She was a professional who was loyal to the country and the people.
“The chief secretary of the Tormia Magic Association!”
Silence passed.
After a while, all the resistance fighters shouted and rushed towards Satan.
“Wow! let’s go! let’s fight!”
Passing by Fleur, who passed out while standing still, Lufist conveyed it in his heart.
‘Flu, you are a second-class special promotion.’
“this??????
The mouth of Habitz, who took the form of a black devil, was torn.
“Beggars!”
Now, without specifying anyone, hundreds of shadows hit the ground.
“die! die! die!”
Screams echoed through the sky, and Miro cast all his strength into incarnation.
‘difficult.’
to protect everyone.
‘I have to endure.’
Even in a situation where many people were dying, she tried not to despair.
“little bit more… …
The afterimages of Thousand Arms Guanyin are increasing.
“little bit more.”
Her eyes curled up as she blocked Satan’s attacks at a rate of one billion hits per second.
“ah??????
The spirit of cowardice has passed the threshold of samadhi.
My consciousness sank into the abyss, and I thought that maybe I would never return.
‘I’ll hold on.’
The moment she is about to give her last spur of samadhi to defend the line to the end.
‘uh’?’
Something shimmered between the defensive walls of the Thousand Hands Guanyin.
‘what?’
It was a huge, transparent tree, protruding its tongue all the way to the ground.
‘Welcome?’
Otherwise, breaking through the square is… … .
“Chogong.”
Then someone’s voice is heard.
“Wolja Musangshin.”
next moment.
“Kkoaaaaaa!”
Everyone suddenly found Satan screaming and sliding across the ground.
“uh?”
Incomprehensible to anyone, a 7-year-old girl ran to Havitz.
Miro muttered.
“… … Wizard.”
A person created by all events in history, who exists by breaking through the odds of 1 in billions.
‘ genius.’
The final weapon of humanity has arrived.
Ohhh! Oh oh!
As the song resonated all over the world, Mika delivered the population figure with a sense of portrait.
-Participating objects 380,342,341 people.
About 14 percent.
‘I can’t do this.’
The power of Elikia made from the song of the south is great, but the one I’m facing now is me.
‘If it’s not 100 percent, it’s useless.’
Is it possible?
Indeed, that all mankind, for just one moment, had one mind.
O……
‘Are you tired.’
It came as a huge barrier to Sirone, who knew Omega’s history.
oh oh Oh oh.
Nane heard a song that made the world cry.
“Sirone.”
A cold god would make decisions based on probabilities, but he had a heart.
“It can’t last forever, you know.”
It was heartbreaking, but pitiful for the pain they would have to go through in the future.
On the other hand, Louver, the manager, was mechanical.
Entering Dremo, he summoned a dreamer from the core where mankind’s dreams gather.
“Activate Samong.”
Not as much as when he was hit by the Death Field, but fear would divide mankind.
“And those who are awake?”
“doesn’t care. Hand over access.”
“All right.”
Mong-ah’s face was grotesquely distorted, and dreams of death began to spread to Drimo.
“This world must be closed.”
Just as Louver’s words blended into the dream, de Limo’s core began to vibrate. Deed Deed Deed!
“This?”
It was a very distant past for mankind, but it was a very clear sense of déjà vu for the manager.
“Jorahhan’s… …
Miro gave first aid, but Eden still couldn’t wake up from his dream.
Even though he couldn’t stop Harbitz, he didn’t succumb to evil until the very end.
– Yora.
She inherited the spirit of invitation.
– See my dream.
The life of Yorahan, which Sirone had seen, entered quickly through real time.
‘ah??????
And when he regained half consciousness, Eden realized what he had to do.
beep! beep!
Eden appeared in front of Louver in the scenery where the entire Drimo was shaking.
“What are you doing?”
“It is to destroy your nightmares. Yohann is… … I want this world to be happy.”
“Krrrr.”
The dreamer with two dark eyes threatened, exposing shark-like teeth.
Eden wasn’t scary.
“I bet you know that too. That Yorahan’s dream can never be stopped≫
Of course I know.
It was to the extent that Louver, one of the managers of the five major systems, reached a compromise with both hands and feet.
“Okay, I will.”
It was the same this time too.
“Stop dreaming as you wish. So, please refrain from sending lore dreams as well.”
“Whoops. Yes, Jorahhan was a good person.”
Eden’s smile disappeared.
“But I’m a bad-tempered Yora, you liar.”
A dream come true.
“No eh eh eh!”
Louver reached out his hand and scattered into the light, and at the same time, the dreamer’s shape disappeared.
Looking at the wizard standing in front of his eyes, Harvits was most excited.
“Ha ha ha ha ha!”
Wizard, Wizard.
“Do you know how long I waited? Because of you, I’m still here because I can’t leave.”
“know. But I hate you.”
“Hehe, yes.”
you F*cked me
“I like you though. Why do you hate me in the first place? How gentle I was to you. You followed all the rules of the game. More than anything, we had fun.” Havitz, the Black Fiend, opened his arms and said.
“I just did what I wanted to do. I mean, anything can be done here. Yet I listened to you Do you know how great this is?”
“I appreciate that.”
“Then change your mind. I kept thinking what the heck do you want to do And I realized.”
Cuckoo Cuckoo Cuckoo!
People’s eyes widened.
“I… …
A black shadow rose from between Harvitz’s legs and soared to great size.
Kwak Kwah Kwah Kwah Kwah!
Raising a huge pole similar to a male flag, Havitz spread his arms and charged.
“I mean.”
what i wanted to do
– I will violate you!
The moment the devil’s sharp hands fly toward the child’s legs.
“I hate it… …
The indifferent Wizard’s free spirit shook.
“How many times do you say?”
1 frame missing.
“… … I”
What did the Wizard do to Havitz during that first frame?
“ugh… …
Even God couldn’t tell, but tremendous pain began to run through Havitz’s entire body.
“Kkoaaaaaaaaa!”
Satan’s scream embroidered the world, and the wizard charged again, invoking an incarnation.
– You cheeky bitch!
Havitz attacked again, but one frame disappeared without a doubt.
“… … !”
Ooh oh oh oh!
Amid much more terrible pain than before, Satan cried out with tears of blood.
‘what’?’
why does it hurt so much
‘no! I hate being sick! Get rid of pain!’
1 frame again.
“Aaaaaaaa! it hurts! It hurts oh oh oh!”
Havitz, not knowing what had happened, felt pain followed by fear.
‘I can’t respond. More, stronger codes!’
“Chogong.”
As the Wizard threw himself, Satan covered himself with both arms and shouted.
“for a moment! that stop… … !”
“Baekja Yoonhoe.”
The next moment, the devil, who had become a rag, collapsed with his limbs spread out.
“100 million! Wow!”
Gwap, Gwap, Heukil’s skin cracked open, and the rotten intestines that were filled inside it popped out.
‘Sal, save me. I want to go out. It’s too scary.’
Harvits cried.
‘mom mom! please me… …
1 frame.
The moment something flashed, a shock that was enough to paralyze the mind hit the whole body.
“Um, um, um.”
The devil, who had become a rag in a state where the intestines in the stomach were saggy, crawled out.
“Mommy! Ummmmmmmmmm!”
People watched as the atrocious and chaotic Satan wept in terror.
Miro asked.
“Where does evil come from?”
And she said it again.
“From a farther evil.”
Above the earth-crawler Satan’s head, Wizard flew up with his arms outstretched.
“Wolja Musangshin.”
“now stop! Because I was wrong! Please stop… …
Evil attend.
Without sound or form, the shape of the devil was destroyed, and Habitz rolled on the ground.
“Turn it off!”
The skull was cracked open, the brain exposed, the limbs twisted, and the intestines protruding.
Wizard looked at the sky.
‘Master.’
You’ve done what you taught me.
-Participating objects 1,358,092,587 people.
As the traditional dream spread around the world, the number of people who sang Mayan songs increased even more.
Even Gaold, who couldn’t stand up, hummed a melody in a choked voice.
“Ohhh… … Oh oh.”
The operators of High Gear in the basement also sang loudly with the survivors.
“Ohhhh! Oh oh!”
Each person’s personality, each person’s life, and the many tones gather into one wave.
-2,451,729,157 participants in the number of participants! Finally, it became a white cry and shook the world.
Ohhh! Oh oh!
Sirone shuddered.
‘I’m almost there.’
The Ultima system reach rate exceeded 91%.
and the rest.
“good! more! Come in stronger!” In the middle of the fight between Lian and Ymir, the soldiers did not dare to intervene.
Clump groaned.
‘I don’t think creatures fight.’
But on the other hand, the fierceness that makes you think that it is extremely biological.
Tess bit her lip until it bled.
“Lian.”
The body, which could no longer be regenerated, had already burst muscles in places.
“Even my country… …
Reina stopped as she stepped out.
“no. There’s nothing we can do. It just upsets Lian’s mind.”
“Huh!”
Since no one intervened, Lian was able to fight like a yaksha the most.
said Klump.
“It’s not cowardly. You have to acknowledge your skills. The best swordsman in the world is Lian.”
best inspection.
Lai, who was watching from the outside like everyone else, savored the words.
‘Yeah, you went there after all.’
Rai grabbed his sword.
‘But I am too, Lian. It won’t end like this.’
crossing the limits.
‘I’ll show you my sword.’
He glared at Ymir, then strained his eyes and suddenly kicked off the ground and ran.
“lie!”
Klump shouted, and Reina followed.
“That fool!”
Leaving behind the cries of his family, he arrived at the battlefield and grabbed his sword.
As Lian, whose leg was completely bent, knelt down, Ymir delivered a fatal blow.
Rai’s eyes sparkled.
‘Now!’
At the end of life, shouts explode.
“Yaaaaa!”
He slung Lian’s body onto his shoulders with all the strength he could pull up.
pushed out
At the moment of collapsing sideways, Rian turned his head with a surprised expression.
‘brother?’
Rai smiled softly, and Ymir’s regime blew his body away.
bang! bang! bang!
All of Lai’s bones were broken as he bounced off the floor at a terrifying speed.
‘How is it, Lian?’
In the consciousness of being distant, Rai asked.
‘Is my sword worth using?’
Reina, who watched the scene from a distance, hurriedly turned and ran towards Rai.
“hey! hey!”
His breath had already stopped, but his sister’s face in her arms was smiling.
Reina raises her head and screams.
“Aaaaaaa!”
Aware of her crying, Lian slowly turned her head with a bewildered face.
“Quack.”
Ymir said, shaking his hands.
“A flying fly got in. well, good There should be a penalty like this… …
divine transcendence.
“uh?”
Without even feeling that something had passed, Ymir’s shoulder was cut diagonally.
With a slap, Ymir, who blocked the massive flow of blood with his muscles, blinked.
A large straight sword raised diagonally was in the air.
“what?”
and… … Lian’s machine-made right arm also rose as mere steam.
A rate at which metal evaporates.
jump.
Then, along Ymir’s cutting plane, an illusion as if the whole world was splitting unfolded.
hit
– Harvits, Harvits. Let’s glow.
Hearing the voices of his friends from somewhere, Havits briefly regained consciousness.
‘what?’
are you still here?
My head was dizzy, and thoughts inside and outside were mixing at will.
“Ugh. Uh uh.”
it hurts, it hurts
And from the other side of the land that coincided with the sight, a familiar face began to walk.
‘Welcome, seven-year-old boy.’
It must have been Zeta Roy, but in Havitz’s eyes, he could see the figure of a smaller child.
He was limping on one of his twisted legs.
His nickname in the outside world is a seven-year-old boy. Although he was born with a congenital deformity, he seems to have been the brightest of his friends.
‘You live very hard too.’
Of course, with the science and medical technology there, it is easy to treat genes.
‘I only need to enter the capsule once.’ However, in a world where eating and breeding were prohibited, he did not receive any treatment.
In fact, everyone did.
‘We have no identity. shouldn’t exist. I’ll just be bored if I go back anyway.’
“Havitz.”
Even though his leg was fine, Zetaro was deliberately limping with his legs crossed.
Since it was an illegal connection anyway, he might have weakened the missing link.
“Yes, Doctor.”
Havitz lay down, catching the pouring intestines.
“How is my condition?”
After throwing the bag she was holding onto the ground, Zeta Law sat down next to Havitz and checked his condition.
“Hmm, that’s a bit serious. But don’t worry. If you stop the bleeding, you’ll be fine soon.”
Harvits’ nostrils flared.
“Then, how should I stop the bleeding?”
Jetaro also put his hand in his bag, desperately holding back the corners of his mouth going up.
Holding a scalpel like that in reverse.
“That??????
He shared a gaze with Harvits, who had already finished preparations, and his eyes widened.
“How do I know!”
Puck, Puck, blood spurted all the way to his face every time he hacked Havitz’s brain.
“Puhahaha! Ha ha ha ha ha!”
Havitz burst into laughter as he died.
‘ also.’
Jetaro is fun.
His expression diminished in his dying spirit, and tears welled up in Havitz’s eyes.
‘ mom.’
Can’t we just play a little longer?
‘I don’t want to go home… … Havits died, and Satan was annihilated.
With the disappearance of the main system, the demons spread all over the world also completely disappeared.
“ha.”
Zeta Law, who laughed at Havitz with all her might, looked up at the sky with a face covered in blood.
Ohhh! Oh oh!
Hearing the song echoing around the world, he put his mouth together.
” Oh oh??????
But even for a moment, he smiled as he thought about something.
Shut up!
My tarot, which had been cut with a scalpel, fell on Havitz’s body.
Ymir couldn’t regenerate his body.
“Big!”
Giving up his shoulders that would not come out no matter how hard he tried, he looked back at Lian.
“you… …
Again, without even feeling, Ymir’s right leg went limp.
Ymir, who was balancing on one leg, saw the great sword in motion.
‘It’s not the body.’
The mind is moving the sword.
“Hehe.”
Ymir, whose remaining thighs inflated like balloons, tore the corners of his mouth.
“Goaaaaaa!”
At the same time, Lian was hit.
The movement of Daejikdo was invisible, but the scenery was being split like a puzzle.
“Aaaaaaa!”
And Ymir’s body also shrank little by little.
“Win.”
The soldiers clenched their fists.
“I’m winning!”
It was a huge wonder that one swordsman had reached, but Tess’ heart was torn.
“Huh! Whoops!”
Even if he swung the sword with his missing right arm, the aftermath was being applied to other parts.
Just by turning around, the muscles evaporated and the white bones were exposed.
“Tess.”
Clump shrugged.
“Don’t close your eyes. You must watch till the end. This is what the inspection can reach… …
Tears also flowed from his eyes.
“It is the ultimate.”
Ymir, who had only his left arm left, lifted his head while doing a handstand.
“Whoa! Whoa!”
scary.
No, are you happy?
Obviously, it was the first time his heart beat so fast during countless battles.
“This is the end.”
When I put all my strength into my left arm, gravity was distorted with tremendous force.
Lian, whose tongue had evaporated, was unable to speak, but the skeleton’s left arm aimed at the straight sword.
“Cheuk, good.”
Thank you, Ogent.
Ymir’s smile faded, his perfectly focused eyes sucked into the abyss.
‘The strongest power.’
pop! The moment Ymir, who pushed her off the ground and flew away, extended her fist to Rian.
Divine Transcendence – Palace. Rian’s body vibrated, and even the flesh and muscles that were attached to her completely stopped.
The sword was sharp.
“nice… …
However, the power contained in the sword shattered Ymir’s palace, Ultima.
“Quack.”
While flying up into the sky, the disintegrated body began to scatter in atomic units.
“Yes, you are the best.”
Waiting for extinction, he thought.
‘He’s dying.’
Oh, that means I’m dying.
‘then.’
Madness fills Ymir’s eyes.
“You mean I was alive!”
A final laugh echoed in the void utterly dissipated into atoms.
hahahahahaha… … .
Crown roamed the ship.
“Stop the author! Arrest the escapees! They have a woman!”
There were combatants everywhere, and as a result of analyzing the language, Shiina seemed to be safe.
“Hmm, jailbreak.”
Prison of Balance.
It seems that a division occurred inside Terra Force and took out some people.
“Even if I want to find it… …
When the battle started again, Crown moved with an asymmetrical extreme.
“That way!”
Terraforce’s sonic weapons tracked their location in an instant and shook his intestines.
“Aww!”
Rolling on the floor, he leaned his back against the wall.
‘why not?’
They are obviously copying Quan’s state as it is, but the enemy’s response was very different.
‘Am I missing something?’
No way.
Isn’t it possible that someone from the outside world can’t understand something in this world?
A sound was heard from afar.
– This way.
Crown had a hunch.
“Jailbreaker?”
– He has a woman. I do not have time. I’ll give you the location, so hurry up… … Kut!
The sound cut out.
However, when the waves that had already been sent arrived at the brain waves, Crown was able to know the situation.
“Okay, shall we go?”
Again Quan resisted, but the crown pressed him deeply inside again.
“wait.”
I think I know something.
Maya repeated endlessly.
“Ohhhh. Oh oh.”
one heart.
Her song was transmitted to Ikael through Ashur’s signal.
And the sound waves passed through Ataraxia and were greatly amplified and spread throughout the world.
Ohhh! Oh oh!
However, Cell Buster still threatened the ground.
Amy’s flame layer couldn’t catch all the objects, but rather the number increased.
Ikael looked down at the ground.
“please.”
Cayden was cutting Antisel with the flash of light, but it felt increasingly dangerous.
“Keugh!”
Anticell flies to Maya through a gap in the flash.
“Ohhhh. Oh oh.”
Cayden tracked it down and slashed it.
Then he moved his sword again and swept thousands at the same time with the three-dimensional speed of the light beam.
‘are you okay.’
Maya was not afraid.
‘Caden will protect you.’
The dazzling flashes of light moving around were beautifully illuminating Maya’s eyes.
‘Only with all my heart.’
to sing.
“Ohhhh. Oh oh.”
And at the same time, Cayden felt his head open in the state of selflessness.
‘ah?… ”
magic swordsman.
‘Maybe it’s a good life.’
Full body jailbreak.
When I let go of the speed my consciousness was holding, the lines of light overlapped to form a perfect plane.
Maya smiled.
‘wow.’
Light rain fell every time the veil was dissipated.
“ha. ha.”
Kira, who was guarding the survivor’s shelter, sat down against the wall alongside her summoned beast, Etron.
“The demons are alive.”
A 1-star Ivory Tower villager is a powerful force, but it was worth deploying at least one.
“next. next.”
The people who played the card game and Lampa played the game with bloodshot eyes.
“next! next!”
The money that rotates the board gradually accumulates in Lampa, and the moment when the results finally come out.
“victor! Lampa! The winning hand… … I” Gudio drew a dagger from the table and put it in front of Ness.
“… love.”
In silence, they shed tears.
“It was the only route for Mr. Lampa to win. It’s not that the kid is right.”
“What is right is the human heart that chooses a child.”
“okay. Therefore, in the chain reaction of good and evil, what we must protect until the end… …
It is love.
‘So what is it?’ Thoughts kept wandering through Crown’s head as he fled from the combatants.
‘I mean love. It’s for breeding, isn’t it? The outside world has already seen the compromise. There is no reason to breed anymore. everything is perfect We just have to live happily together. Aren’t you lonely? Because I reincarnate through the missing link.’
But why?
‘Are they going to give birth there too?’ As the question continues, Crown arrives at the location the prisoner told him about.
Shiina, who had lost consciousness, was being held by the Supreme Court Justice.
Crown asked.
“Why are you doing this?”
“Because Sun won. This is the first time the ruling has been overturned. But there are those who refuse.”
“Pride? You guys are uncivilized too.”
“Not really. The question is, how do we make a judgment about an overturned verdict? If the authority of the Supreme Court declines, good and evil will no longer be judged.”
“Doesn’t it matter?”
“yes.”
The magistrate approached.
“So you saved the woman. take it with you Humans… … I deserve to live in this world.”
“then??????
Just as Crown limped a step, a sword came out of the chest of the Supreme Court justice.
“Ouch!”
After canceling the stealth status, the combat commander appeared and drew his sword.
The chief justice collapsed and he cried out.
“God’s rules are strict! You can’t go against the Supreme Court’s ruling that has already been made! In the name of God… … !”
Raising his sword, he stabbed Shiina in the neck.
“Referee!”
? o’clock this naaaa!
At that moment, Crown was struck by a strong enough signal to lose himself.
‘Keugh!’
Thoughts that passed in an instant.
‘idiot! If we fight here… …
It was the fact that Terraforce’s sword was already stabbing Shiina’s throat.
‘it’s over. It’s impossible.’
No matter how exquisite Kuan’s movement is, the coordinates of the zero point are not distorted.
‘I can’t move anywhere. There is no way.’
radish
I/XW
_that… … .
‘what?’
I hear Kuan’s voice.
-You think.
A huge illusion began to occur in the realm of nothingness where there was nothing.
‘Ah, that’s right.’
Quan, who moved along a certain coordinate that could not even be imagined, swung his sword.
The head of the Terraforce battle commander fell off, and a drop of blood formed on Cyana’s neck.
“Shi, Shiina.”
As Kuan lifted her body, Shiina opened her eyes.
“????????Quan?”
“I’m sorry.”
The clear voice brought Shiina to tears.
“What are you sorry about?”
“For making me cry.”
“Just do that one more time! I don’t need clowns. I need you!”
Quan shook his head.
“i love you.”
The two hugged each other tightly, and Crown did not step forward.
‘is it?’
Love is.
‘Is it a signal originating from a place further away than the outside world?’
In the realm of infinite infinity that does not truly exist, this is where an illusion is triggered.
Holding a lover’s hand, parents looking at their children, and loving this world.
All that love is happening in infinite nothingness.
‘Whoops.’
Crown cut off the signals connected to this world with a bitter smile.
‘I have to go back.’
And when you wake up from your dream… … .
‘I don’t know if the outside world will change a little.’
Crown, connection terminated.
Cuckoo Cuckoo!
The next moment the ship tilted sharply
The head of the combat commander rolled on the Supreme Court judge.
“why?”
He asked with only his neck left.
“Why did you betray me? You broke the rules of Terraforce. You will not be able to judge good and evil.”
“You still don’t know?”
said the magistrate gasping for breath.
“If the verdict is overturned, it means our standards are wrong. Now the judge is human. Not us.” “I make the final verdict. As of this time, humans are in God’s prison… …
The judge’s breath stopped.
“release.”
Then, the light in the combat commander’s eyes went out, and Shiina raised Kuan to his feet.
“What should I do? We have to get out quickly!”
As the weight of the ship was enormous, there was no chance to survive if it was stuck on the ground.
Kaka Kaka Kaka!
At that moment, the metal of the ceiling was torn apart, and the face of a huge dragon came in.
“Are you okay?”
It was the dragon Argan.
Before Shiina had time to reply, Argan, who had launched them, disappeared in a flash.
When the thing blocking the hole was gone, a great wind blew them outside with a large pressure difference.
“Kyaaaaaa!”
Kuan caught the falling Shiina, and As Riker picked them up on his back.
“Whoa.”
Poine, the venomous dragon, approached them.
“Hold on tight. It will be a little faster.”
As I accelerated to great speed, the borders on the ground began to rush in quickly.
Shiina looked down at the ground.
oh oh oh
The whole world was singing.
When the Ultima integration rate reached 98%, Yahweh and Buddha arrived in the sky above the temple.
I shouted.
“Why don’t you know!”
that it was only a momentary miracle.
Even if the world is maintained, humans will forget this moment again.
“kite! of! one! jean! this! award! texture!”
Nane resisted desperately.
“cloth! nine! mind! castle! jin! womb! you! award! Aaaaaa! dog! mi! enemy! under! tooth! I am! ball!”
Sirone widened her eyes as she looked at the sword of light flying with the strongest power.
“Even if it’s a momentary miracle… …
As the Miracle Stream expanded, it began to destroy all of Nane’s sermons.
“It’s a miracle we made.”
not god
In the midst of a head-on collision between the mind and the law, Mika announced the integration rate of Ultima.
-Ultima System 99.9 percent!
99.99 percent! 99.999… …
And finally.
‘come.’
mankind.
‘Even a momentary miracle is fine!’
Race, gender, age, culture, history, thought, disposition, personality, politics, values… … .
‘With all my heart!’
Overcome all discrimination such as taste, language, disability, occupation, tradition, country, education, role, position, and status.
‘Integrative.’
A unified mental system was established.
-Ultima System (unanimous user code).
As light rose from all over the world, it seemed as if the entire planet was enveloped in a halo of light.
Humanity who reached one heart shed tears feeling the extreme joy and thrill.
“Aaaaa! Aaaaa!”
In a world full of light, Armin knelt down and sobbed.
This world seen through the light’s eye.
‘ I am??????
so beautiful and bright
‘I will draw this moment.’
It was an extreme art that seemed impossible to reach even if I devoted my whole life to fill it with light.
“me : yes!”
And the light comes together to perfectly match Sirone’s Miracle Stream.
“We will live!”
The minds of all users became a single beam of light and completely annihilated all the swords of the sermon.
‘is it?’
Nane, who was looking at the flash flying from far away, gently closed her eyes.
‘ I get it.’
The Buddha’s realm disappears.
The next moment, a flash of light swept over Nane, and it stretched out and crashed into the anticell barrier.
Puff puff puff puff!
Argones tried to stop by increasing the density, but even that was easily pierced.
‘Hearts of all users.’
Nane smiled bitterly.
‘It’s too much.’
It will probably fly to the end of the universe, but now there is no logic to refute.
‘Goodbye.’
pop… … .
Breaking through the extraordinarily thick barrier of cells, Nane moved farther into outer space.
“ha! ha!” Sirone, who poured all her strength into one Ultima, stumbled and landed on the ground.
“me : yes.”
It can’t end like this.
At that moment, the huge face of Argones protruded from the barrier of Anticell.
– Extinction code activated!
‘why?’
As long as Buddha recognized Yahweh, all administrators had to follow Sirone’s will.
– I can’t admit it! God is with us! Human! obey me!
Countless anti-cell spills
got down
“maybe… …
Taeseong said.
“It must have been since the first Gaians came down to this land. Argones felt fear.”
“The manager is afraid.”
Lethe muttered that and asked.
“… … Is it an error?”
“yes. Perhaps the first error among administrators. I’ve tried to stay undetected, but there have been quite a few times when my programming decisions have deviated from the average I know. It was cold, but it was kind. Tried to annihilate humanity, tried to protect it
Come.”
“And now you want to destroy it again?”
“Feeling the fear in Gaia’s eyes, he was probably confused. He was designed as a god, but perhaps he himself is a creature.”
It is the manifestation of that fear.
“Whoa, then how do you stop it? That’s a bug that goes beyond the user’s rights.”
“That too.”
Taeseong said.
“It became the human share.” Amy couldn’t stand it when the thickness of the Argones became thicker than the flame layer.
“Whoa!”
Landing in front of Sirone, she looked up at the sky.
“It’s a big deal. There is no way to stop it.”
“That is an infinite multiplication algorithm. If we don’t get rid of them once and for all, they will multiply again and eventually close the universe.”
A situation in which the second miracle must be planned.
“Mika.”
-Ultima integration rate is 94%.
‘Can I make it on time?’
Anticell had already descended enough to reach the highest mountain on earth.
Tess’ voice trembled.
“Lee, Lian.”
A skeleton swordsman with one arm missing, as well as his skin and muscles, stood up.
He looked up at the sky, but he had no eyes, so he couldn’t tell what he was looking at.
“Lian!”
As Tess tried to run, he shook his head as he pointed his sword sideways.
‘Sorry, Tess.’
He should have died already.
‘Anyway, I don’t think I can go back to you.’
I don’t know why he didn’t die, but at least he knew why he was alive.
‘Sirone.’
It was the knight’s last conviction.
Everyone realized as Lian slowly bent his legs and prepared to swing his sword.
said Klump.
“Lian.”
Tears flowed at the death of his grandson, but he felt a warm energy in a corner of his heart.
“Don’t forget Ogent’s sword.”
I don’t know if I can hear him, but Lian’s head gently drops.
After a while, Lian’s skeleton lifted his head again and caused a tremendous vibration.
“Ahhh.”
Reina held Tess’s hand as Lian evaporated while burning smoke.
“I will watch until the end.”
Tess nodded while crying.
‘Sirone.’
Ryan said it from the heart.
‘I’ll open the way.’
The vibration got stronger, and his idea began to shake the whole world.
all.
Cuckoo Cuckoo Cuckoo!
‘I am Ogent Lian.’
His body evaporated completely.
‘Sirone’s… …
-It’s Sirone’s sword!
Daejikdo, which flew at the speed of light, completely removed all the anticells that covered the planet.
pop
Seeing the sky open for a moment, Sirone and Amy made faces of surprise.
“ah?… ”
It was dawning, and the blue sky caught my breath.
“Daejikdo.”
It resembled the ethos of the Ogent family.
bang!
And in the next moment, <Ide 0}, which had all the anticells removed, landed in front of Sirone.
“Rian… …
A belief that will never be destroyed.
‘Thank you.’
Sirone bowed in front of the sword with all respect and slowly raised her head.
“me : yes.”
Right now, it has escaped God’s control, but these coordinates are still connected to the outside world.
‘The only erroneous coordinates in the multiverse. There’s no way they’ll leave us alone.’
Sirone, who made a cape out of material to cover Amy’s body, grabbed her shoulder.
“I’ll make a decision and come back.”
As I turned toward space, Amy grabbed my wrist.
“Sirone… …
It was a frightened expression.
“are you okay.”
Sirone said.
“It’s something only I can do. i have to finish will definitely come back I’ll promise.”
Amy shook her head slightly.
‘no.’
It was because I felt anxious that if I let him go, I would never see him again.
Sirone, who smiled, dissolved into particles of light and disappeared, just like that face.
“ah… …
All that remained in her hands was warmth.
Ryan looked around.
” huh?”
It was a dark space, and a signal was shooting from far away.
“Nice, your sign.”
“brother?”
When I turned my head to Rai’s voice, he really stood there with a smile on his face.
“What happened?”
“As expected, you don’t know.”
” what?”
Rai pointed to the light.
“When you come here, you know everything. If you go into that light, it’s the outside world.”
“okay? So what are you going to do?”
“You cannot go.”
Lian tilted her head.
“why?”
“There are two fallacies in our world. A signal from somewhere. Hexa. And another… …
Rai pointed at Lian.
“You.”
“Am I an error?”
“Yes, Rian, you are not a user. you… …
said Lai.
“You are Ogent.”
To be precise, it was a new signal created by combining the signals of Ogent and Smille.
“Hexa can’t go out to the outside world. I got Guy’s signal, but the code is different. Neither do you. That’s why I was the only one who was able to materialize ideas in this world. If Hexa is the signal for combining hearts, then you have reached Ultima alone.”
It’s called belief.
“I do not know what I mean.”
“haha! Think easy. The spirit of the outside world does not dwell in the body of Ozentrai. When I dream, there are many other people besides me. Friends, family, enemies and countless backgrounds and times. In fact, all of that is me.”
“That’s right, reincarnation. You’ll find out when you wake up from the dream. The fact that I was Rai, I was you, I was someone else, I was the wind, I was the water.”
“I can’t go… …
I couldn’t escape to the outside world, nor could I return to the original world.
“But why am I here?”
“Because the signal is connected.”
It was only then that Ryan took a closer look.
The signal coming from the outside world was connected to himself, not to Lai.
“??????brother.”
“Go back to your world.” Ryan didn’t say anything.
“You and Sirone can’t go outside. I will live happily in your world.”
“Your brother?”
Rai didn’t answer.
“How is your brother? There is no signal, right? Then where will you go brother?”
is eternal extinction.
“are you okay. What I gave you is my signal. Ozentrai will be erased, but my existence will continue through you. Yes, like the heart.”
It goes beyond dimensions.
“go back. Do you have someone you love? I do not have time. Ogent Rye will soon be expunged.”

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-1277.txt
=============YYYYY=============
final chapter (6)
September 27, 6 years.
Six years have passed since mankind broke away from the divine law.
It is a miracle that will remain in human history that there has been no official war since the beginning of time.
Experts have called it an obsession with purity.
“Who will commit the crime first? Which country did the first offender come from? This is a problem. It is to avoid the title of first villain.”
the reporter asked.
“Is it because mankind has not matured, but simply because they do not want to break their perfection?”
“Humans are creatures of desire. Maybe even now, there are crimes happening where you can’t see them. Certain countries may block information. But I don’t think it will last long. The moment the first evil officially appears in the world, not to mention the second and third.”
Three years ago, an official murder case occurred.
The killer, a 32-year-old lawyer named Ripper, told the judge in court:
-I wanted to be the first.
Humans are so strange.
As expected by experts, crimes were reported from all over the world, but the arrest rate was also quite high.
That’s how the world went.
It came down from the spirit of 100% integration, but not that much… … .
to an ordinary daily life.
“I’ll be back!”
Amy, who took off her military uniform and put on a dress for the first time in a long time, stumbled on the porch.
“Puhahaha!”
Ares burst into laughter.
“They say falling is a skill, so it’s really perfect. Don’t call me red face anywhere.”
“shut up. This dress is too uncomfortable.”
“Wear it roughly. Ugly.”
“do you want to die? How long will your brother stay at home? Go out and do some work, work!”
“Nope? The money you give me is enough
Because.”
“Is that what you say to your sister? Oh, I don’t know. Anyway, I’ll be back, so take care of yourself and eat.”
Even in the midst of her busy schedule, Amy did not forget to fix her hair while looking in the mirror.
Ares laughed bitterly.
“I am.”
I understood my sister’s heart.
He turned back to the newspaper and read the full page of the scoop.
-Yahweh! Flying in the direction of Tormia from the south! At the wedding of the principal of the alma mater
Are you attending?!
‘Sirone.’
He folded the newspaper and looked at the ceiling.
“Amy will cry at this rate.”
Reporters from all over the world had already gathered at the main gate of the magic school.
“I’m going to die of embarrassment!”
Today’s heroine, Vice Principal Olivia, sighed in a white wedding dress.
“why? It would be nice to be congratulated.”
Alfeas, who was wearing a tuxedo, was unharmed.
“Are you kidding me? It’s embarrassing to get married when you’re old, but they’re not here because of me!”
“Huh, it’s an honor. The best talent from our school is coming.” Olivia couldn’t deny it either.
“You’re not even sure. Even if we departed from the south yesterday, there are several countries in the central continent.”
It is estimated that three years ago when Sirone returned to this world from the realm of infinite infinity.
The reason for the presumption is that there were only a handful of acquaintances who met him as well as official invitations.
Alpheas said.
“We don’t know, what it means to come back from infinite nothingness. I wonder if it was a gigantic emptiness on a different level from waking up from a dream.”
“I haven’t lost my mind. Even now, you are working hard to rebuild the world with the 12 apostles. Mr. Vincent also said it was the same as usual.”
“So it’s a question.”
I’d rather understand if I heard rumors that people are different from before… … .
‘What did you see, Sirone?’ from true nothingness.
Olina asked.
“Would you like to come home?”
Currently, Sirone’s mother, Ikael, is also staying at the Vincent couple’s house.
“If you are coming to Tormia, that would be the case. Because I never missed a visit.”
said Vincent.
“I am, indeed. The people of the world are too much. Just like my son has to take responsibility for the whole world.”
Olina sighed.
“I am more concerned about that. I mean Amy. They acted like they couldn’t live after they both died.”
“maybe… …
Ikael thought so.
“Everything would have gone back to nothing. A dream, an illusion, even a heart. It will take time for all of that to fill up. But you’ll get it back eventually. The most important reason why you should be in this world.”
Just like Guffin sent Hexa for Ikael.
Shirt.
“The material is taken out to the vacant lot. The warehouse here is full and there is nowhere to go.”
Jiangnan, who returned to his hometown, was rebuilding southern civilization.
“mister! If you go over there… … !” Amidst the chaos of the construction site, I saw a familiar face.
“uh?”
Sein smiled and approached.
“and! It’s been a really long time! has it been a year? What, are you suddenly coming all the way to the south?”
“Because something happened. I want to see your face.”
The two of them moved to a quiet vacant lot and sat down on the wood and drank a drink.
Sein asked.
“What about Sirone?”
“Yes, we left at night. I said Blitz would take me there, so I can make it on time.
There will be.”
“Have you made your decision?”
“I don’t know. Because I can’t figure it out But she must mean going to the wedding means meeting.”
“Right.”
Sein asked again.
“how about you? are you okay?”
Kang Nan knew the meaning of the question.
“I’m fine, I’m fine. Because Gaold isn’t sick. What could be more reassuring than that? Are you? Do you keep in touch with Miro?”
“no. That doesn’t mean avoiding it though. Miro is living her own life for the first time. Not as a pole to protect someone, but as a single woman. I don’t want to make you responsible for anything, at least for the time being.”
” but??????
In the end, the heart of the viewer seemed to be the same.
“Are you in a wonderful love?” Sein laughed.
“maybe.”
Miro said.
” go.”
Gaold said.
“I’m not going.”
Miro said.
“go!”
Gaold said.
“I’m not going, damn it! Why are there so many events? I finally understand Sirone.”
As the protagonists of world peace, the two were traveling around the world and attending events.
“But this time, they paid a lot of money for the event. We, we don’t have a single penny earned!”
“Don’t get too caught up in the world.”
“You sound like a secular person. It’s all because you had a lot of accidents. What the hell have you been doing for a living that the Magic Association won’t accept you?” Gaold replied scornfully.
“I was looking for you.”
“Oh, really!”
Miro, who was angry, swung both arms and hit Gaold’s side repeatedly.
“ah! bone! bone hit… … ah!” Miro let out a sigh as he collapsed on the bed, frowning.
“What kind of man is so mean? the body is not worth it Why are you exercising?”
“Cheuk, you know.”
Gaold, who was lying on his back, spread his arms and winked.
“Do you still have time?” After thinking for a moment, Miro glanced at her watch.
“It’s only 30 minutes.”
“Amy!”
Upon arriving at the Alpheas Magic School, where the wedding was to take place, I saw a happy face.
“Tess! Seriel!”
Rihanna and Fermi were also following.
said Tess.
“It’s been a really long time! Sorry. There was no rush because it was a promotion screening these days. How are you?”
“haha! so do i. Are you at the wedding?”
I don’t know about Seriel and Fermi, but Lian and Tess had no contact with the magic school.
“of course! They say Sirone is coming! just come I’ll beat you up.”
“Ah, it’s just a rumor, but what?” I pretended not to, but the sign of expectation was clear.
When I arrived at the ceremony, I was able to meet people I knew in the crowd.
Kanis and Arin, Maya and Caden, and Dante and Flu were also waiting in the guest seat.
and… … .
“Amy”
It always gives me pleasure, but on the other hand it reminds me too much of someone.
“Iruki! Nade!”
Two of the foolish trio approached.
Amy asked, eyes wide as she saw the child in Nade’s arms.
“no way?”
“haha! okay. I finally came out to the world. Daisy, hello. It’s Aunt Amy.”
Amy giggled.
“daisy? Are you my daughter?”
“huh. does it look pretty? Actually, I’m not sure because I was born not too long ago.”
Iruki said.
“The odds are half and half. If you want to be like Liz, you will have to fight a fierce battle with yourself.”
“You are laughing. If my daughter fights fiercely, what about you?”
Amy smiled.
‘It’s still the same.’
As rehearsals began, reporters gathered.
“A lot.”
Knowing who they were waiting for, Amy’s heart started to race too.
Shadows cast over the outdoor garden.
“Oh, that, that… …
A gigantic blue dragon gliding through the sky landed far away.
someone’s voice.
“Thank you, Blitz.”
Blitz, who bowed his head politely, flew up again, showing his hooded back.
Sirone turned around with a smile.
“Yeah.”
The reporters’ flashes went off like mad, and tears welled up in Nade’s eyes.
“city… …
Friends ran at the same time.
“Sirone!”
“haha! how have you been doing?”
“You bastard! What the hell are you so busy with? You don’t have to write a letter.”
“sorry. The situation… … what?” Sirone’s face widened.
“Nade! you?”
“okay! How are you? I created before you. Daisy, Uncle Sirone.”
“hi?”
Daisy smiled brightly as Sirone lifted her head.
“haha! Did you like it? After all, she has eyes for people because she is my daughter.”
While everyone was talking, Amy was watching from afar.
‘what? I thought something big was going on.’
It’s the same.
Amy, slightly disappointed, turned around and Tess approached Sirone.
“What are you doing? Go to Amy quickly. Could it be that she didn’t lose her memory in infinite nothingness or something?” Sirone only smiled bitterly.
The wedding was a little later than planned because the school sent out reporters.
When asked about her feelings, Olivia spoke of Erina, who had passed away from Alpheas.
Feelings of gratitude to her, feeling sorry for her, and responsibilities that she will carry with her until the end of her life.
Alpheas added briefly.
“That is old age love.”
The guests burst into laughter, and the wedding ceremony ended with people’s blessings.
And at the reception, Sirone met Amy for the first time in six years.
“Amy.”
As if a promise had been made, the hall became quiet and everyone turned to look at them.
“long time no see.”
“Hey, come now? Did you know that the wedding here took longer than the six years I waited for you?”
“Sorry. I needed some time to be sure. My thoughts, whether this heart is really right.”
Amy asked with a pitiful expression.
“What happened?”
“In an infinite world… …
Sirone did not speak for a long time, but the people waited without even breathing.
“I don’t exist. There’s nothing because I’m not there, and there’s no way to explain it. I stayed like that without being there. No time, no space, nothing.”
People were thrilled.
“That would be a very scary situation. However, since there is not even the thought of being afraid, it must be a perfect nothing. and then… … At some point, I will exist in this world.”
“I see.”
How would Sirone feel after realizing that it was nothing after it existed?
“Even now I don’t know. I am here because of what happened there. I guess it was to meet you, but I had to be sure. Otherwise, you will lose the meaning of existence by being buried in the fear of the great nothingness. so… …
“Did you travel the world?” Sirone nodded his head.
“I have finished all the work of serving humanity, taking care of my family, and realizing my ideals. One by one, they were eliminated. to meet you.”
It was time spent like that.
“And now I can be sure. The reason I returned from the world of infinite infinity is…
Sirone mustered up the courage to speak.
“i love you.”
The illusions that wandered in the world of eternity without time, space, or even the existence of me.
“you… …
At this moment, I was completely convinced and made me smile.
“You are my infinity.”
Amy’s cries leaked out in the scenery where the world seemed to have stopped.
u uh huh Whoops.”
Tess looked at her affectionately as she nodded while wiping away the tears with both hands.
‘That would be nice, Amy.’
As everyone watched happily, Nade clapped and said,
“now! Let’s record this moment. Anyway, the next Iruki wedding will not come back.”
“Puhahaha!”
Friends gathered one by one, and optical cameras that took pictures of the wedding were installed.
Amy, who finally regained her smile, looked back at Sirone and ran to her friends.
“I want to take a picture too.”
“good. you stand in the middle Ferminer goes that way. Sirone, what are you doing? come fast.”
“okay.”
Looking at the baby laughing between father and mother, Sirone thought.
‘we are.’
Someday I will travel to the stars.
“If you do one, two, three, you shoot with Daisy. You know what?”
You will realize what is truly important in the secrets of the stars.
“okay. wow, narrow Do it quickly.” Overcome discrimination and conflict and create an integrated
The day when the new system is established.
“Come on, gather around. take a picture.”
At the end of the universe, you will be dreaming of another universe.
“Start. One, two, three!”
so we are forever
“daisy!”
to infinity.
Thank you for loving <Infinite Wizard>

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-128.txt
=============YYYYY=============
[128] Island. Galliant(5)
“Hey! Stop!”
Please enable JavaScript
Sirone took a step and shouted.
Garmoth looked back at Sirone with an absurd expression. I wondered if a guy who didn’t know anything about anything jumped out, but he was a boy not yet twenty, and he was carrying a shopping cart in both his hands.
“What are you? Where does the child of a laborer grow up?”
“Please free her. Everyone is watching, and the security will come soon.”
“Puhahaha! guard? Do you know who I am?”
“If you know who you are, what difference does it make? If it continues like this, I will go and call the guards myself.”
“Hmm… … .”
When Garmoth loosened her grip, the woman hurriedly escaped and hid behind Sirone’s back. She was just a boy, but the only people she depended on were four, Shiro, in the crowd.
“Help me. that person me… … .”
Garmoth frowned and approached.
“Something like a beggar annoys people. Hey, kid, I’m a trader here on Galliant Island. That woman stole my things. She said that she also tried to steal fine porcelain and broke it and ate it.”
“yes? pottery?”
Sirone blinked. If the man’s words are true, then the woman standing behind her would be saying that she was stealing.
In the end, it was said that he tried to get compensation with his body because he stole something, and it was enough to cover the right and wrong, but it was an ambiguous situation to take someone’s side.
“okay. Of course, I used that as an excuse to ask for my body. But since I damaged the item, shouldn’t I be compensated in some way? Even if she calls the guards, she says it’s that woman who is being taken away.”
When Sirone turned around, the woman whose eyes met hurriedly averted her gaze.
“Is what he said true?”
“Yes, sorry. But I really needed that pottery. Really.”
“ha ha ha! There is no case in the world where pottery is absolutely necessary. money if you need it I was just trying to make money. Now you understand, kid? It’s better not to get involved with a girl like that. Of course, if you’re looking for a one-night stand, it’s perfect. Isn’t that right, gentlemen?”
The onlookers burst into laughter along with Garmoth. It wasn’t a situation where laughter would come out, but it was because the tension that had been overlapped with various factors was relieved at once.
“It looks like you came to hang out with your friends, so why not cook some delicious food. This is what happens when you carelessly interfere in the affairs of adults.”
The woman waved Sirone’s arm and ej*culated.
“Please don’t go. You never know what that man will do if you go.”
“How about embroidering? Talk to the guard and it will be resolved.”
“Never. That man has a tight grip on this island. Please trust me.”
“How much does the pottery cost?”
“I don’t know the price, but it’s probably around 50 silver.”
Sirone was lost in thought. It’s not difficult for her to shell out 50 silver for a woman. But is it right to compensate her for having money? Just as she had no right to condemn anyone’s sins, she thought, she had no right to pardon anyone’s sins.
Sirone made a decision and approached Garmoth.
“I will reimburse the price of the pottery instead. So please release the woman.”
Gamos narrowed his eyes in surprise. Of course, 50 silver is not a lot of money for nobles. However, what is the intention of protecting the woman even while confronting herself, who is in a powerful position in Galliant?
“Oh, I see now that you intend to occupy it? Well, where would a kid like you get such a beauty for 50 silver?”
Sirone’s brow narrowed. Well, I was offended by the words of Garmoth, who treated me as horny just because I could see something in my eyes.
“I don’t think so. Do you think everyone is like you?”
“Then why are you leaving? That woman was stealing. Just hand her over to the guards and she’ll be fine.”
“It’s not for me to judge what this woman did. Still, the reason she spends 50 silver is because she believes that she shouldn’t pay a greater price for her sins. If she intends to add something of her own to this woman, she will take this money and finish it.”
The woman who heard Sirone’s words lit up her eyes as if she had realized something. Gamos, on the other hand, snorted at her. I only pay 50 silver, so what’s the point of thinking so complicated?
“Here, 50 silver. Please forgive her now.”
Garmoth stared at the silver coin on Sirone’s palm.
To be honest, I couldn’t feel better. She was also a woman to be missed, and she didn’t like Shirone’s attitude either.
From his point of view, it looked like an ignorant kid who was enchanted by the beauty and turned his eyes away.
“There is no need for compensation. It’s overflowing and overflowing anyway, because it’s money. Instead, there is one condition.”
“condition? What is it?”
“I know you are a wonderful man who sacrifices himself for women. If so, can you apologize to me on behalf of that woman? It means to bow your head to me in front of everyone.”
The attention of the onlookers was focused on Sirone. It was not common to endure humiliation for the sake of others, but Sirone willingly walked out.
“all right. If you forgive me for that, I apologize.”
“Don’t just talk, keep your head down. I mean to offer a very polite apology.”
Sirone bent down deeply.
“I apologize on behalf of this woman for stealing the pottery. Please forgive me.”
“Hmm.”
The man arrogantly lowered his eyes and looked at Sirone. Then he burst out laughing, so he took a step and whipped out an uppercut.
Seeing the fist rising in front of her eyes, Sirone reflexively backed away. The back of the giant’s hand passed in front of him, causing the sound of the wind.
“What, what are you doing?”
Gamos clicked his tongue as if he knew that and pointed at Sirone.
“Look. did you avoid it? You didn’t really apologize to me. Maybe you could have saved that woman if you had been punched. but you avoided It’s because I was afraid of getting hit. now you know The world isn’t that kind. If you can refute, try it. You are just pretending to be nice.”
People agreed to Garmoth’s words. If she really meant to save her, she could have shut her eyes and beaten her. But Sirone avoided it. After all, she was saying that she was faking it.
Voices of contempt flew from here and there.
“So it is. He took all the forms, and now he is revealing his true colors. I thought I was a great saint again, what is it?”
“Anyway, kids these days are so rude. That way, I know he looks really cool.”
Sirone couldn’t understand people’s reactions.
“What’s wrong with my avoidance?”
“I still don’t know how embarrassing this is! Everyone watching here is disappointed in you. At one point, he acted like a great apostle of justice, and it was all a pretense!”
Sirone’s face turned into an embarrassment.
“What are you talking about? Isn’t it better to do something good, even if it’s fake, than to do something bad like you?”
“what? that… … .”
Garmoth became mute after eating honey. Even those who had been ridiculing them could not hide their bewilderment.
The woman who stood back and watched the situation came to a conclusion close to certainty.
‘My guess was correct. this child… … It’s a wizard.’
The magician does not ask ‘Who is the correct answer?’ What they questioned was ‘what is the correct answer?’
This boy doesn’t rationalize himself. The method of acknowledging the facts and inferring the correct answer was a common thinking system among wizards.
The woman sneered at the dumb people who ate honey.
‘Hmph, those who didn’t even think of helping anyone but were only focused on degrading other people’s good deeds, that’s why you can’t do it.’
In any case, it was time to move. It was best to get out of the gap where people’s eyes were focused on Sirone and Gamos.
The woman, who moved slowly along the wall, quickly turned a corner and disappeared at some point.
Meanwhile, Garmoth’s face was flushed. The boy, who had offended everyone from his appearance until now, was now blaspheming his own outlook on life.
Even in front of a lot of people.
“Little boy, you seem to have touched the wrong person.”
Garmoth’s voice sank heavily. It was her original voice after taking off the merchant’s mask. Then, the quick-witted bodyguards pulled out the swords that were worn around their waists.
Living is just an idea, but it is a force that affects reality. This is because humans imagine death just by having a sharpened long sword in space.
“What are you looking at? Hurry up and beat it up!”
At Garmoth’s instructions, bodyguards rushed from left and right. He wouldn’t kill people recklessly, but he was prepared to cut down if necessary.
At that moment, dirt and dust flew in the eyes of the bodyguard. Then another stone flew in and hit another bodyguard in the forehead.
Sirone looked back at the spot where the stone flew. On the way into the alley, the woman from earlier was standing with a pile of stones in her arms.
She continued to throw stones at him. Then, as her bodyguards backed off, she grabbed Sirone by the wrist and ran down her alleyway.
“Let’s run away! Follow me this way!”
“uh? excuse me… … .”
Sirone knew early on that the woman had left.
Even so, I thought it was fortunate that I pretended not to know.
Gamos, who I had a direct conversation with, was a person who would make a woman pay much harsher than the punishment for her sins.
“Then why did you come back?”
“hurry! If you get entangled with them, you’ll be in trouble!”
The two of them ran down the maze-like alleyway. Thanks to the woman penetrating the complex road, the figure of the two disappeared from the bodyguard’s sight in an instant.
Garmoth’s voice came from the market.
“Catch them all and catch them! I’ll throw out a very premature sentence!”
* * *
The warehouse was hot with the heat of violence. Falcoa’s kicks mercilessly slammed into Jess’ side as he fell to the floor and curled up.
It felt like my heart stopped every time I hit it. I was so terrified that I couldn’t even remember where I was hit. Stimulation and non-stimulation were all that could be felt.
“A worm-like child. That’s right, do you feel good? huh? You’ll feel good. So be more correct.”
Jess’s friends were kneeling in the corner of the warehouse.
My eyes were swollen from crying, but the tears showed no signs of stopping.
“Please forgive me! We’ll go out and earn it! I really want to die like this!”
“Oh yeah? Then, will you be right from now on?”
My friends’ bodies stiffened. Falcoa’s face, with her eyes wide open, looked like a demon.
If you put your mind to it, you could kill Jiss as much as you like. But Falcoa didn’t purposely punch him in the face. That fact made me even more afraid.
Falcoa grabbed Jess by the hair and lifted it with all his might. Jess jumped to his feet even when his strength was exhausted.
He wasn’t hit in the head, but his eyes were open. It felt like my brain was paralyzed just by the mental shock.
“Sah, save me. sorry… … .”
“Are you sick? it hurts? say it. it hurts? it hurts?”
Falcoa slapped Jess across the cheek. Even though it wasn’t a particularly powerful attack, Jis convulsed every time he was hit.
Friends burst into tears again.
‘Oh, you crazy child. I’m going to catch a real person like this.’
Falcoa kicked Jess to the ground. It wasn’t for any particular reason.
If I had to argue, it was because I felt the medicinal effect of the loop I put in my mouth was diminishing?
“You said you gave back 5 gold because your pride was hurt? nice You’re so handsome, Jess.”
“sorry! I won’t do that again!”
Jess was embarrassed. he wanted to fight But he was too scared. Pride was useless in the face of Falcoa’s madness. I felt like I could do anything if I could get out of here.
—————————————

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-129.txt
=============YYYYY=============
[129] Island. Galliant(6)
“I mean I lost 5 gold. Taking back what you gave is the worst thing in the world. The woman will have to pay her damages.”
Please enable JavaScript
Falcoa lifted Jess’ face. Jis, his jaw lifted until his back was broken, couldn’t even breathe. He could have severed his spine if he had tilted it any further.
“Are you sick? it will hurt I am very strong.”
“Live… … please.”
“Will I not hurt you? Chew this. Then it won’t hurt at all.”
Jess turned his gaze even in the midst of hardship. Tree roots were held in his falcoa’s hand.
Born and raised on the island, he knew. He was a loop, the stimulant of the natives. As it was a drug used to obtain access to drugs, its addictiveness was incomparable to other drugs. Isn’t there a theory that Kergoin also perished due to excessive use of loops?
“please. That’s all… … .”
Jess begged earnestly. He had to assume that once he became addicted to loops, his life was over.
He would go through life in the gutter, and his sister, who was the only family member, had no choice but to be driven to the street in the end.
Falcoa put the loop he had given Jess into his mouth as if he knew it.
What about addiction? If you can’t live without a loop, it’s enough to use it for the rest of your life.
“You are the coward of the world. This is God’s stimulant. Anyway, what are you going to do now? Will you bring me?”
“yes? will you bring me? Who?”
“That red-haired girl. Three three. You can probably sell it for a higher price, keke. Of course, I have to sell it at a medium price.”
Jess was shocked. To think that they would trafficking aristocrats and not anyone else. However, if it was Falcoa’s mental state that was addicted to loops, it was enough.
‘it’s crazy. I’m not crazy.’
Falcoa was the acting chief of the Freeman organization. He was also the highest-ranking person Jis, who was only a habari, could contact.
I never met the captain, Freeman, but one of his mandates was a ban on human trafficking.
“Ha, but if you do that, you will be kicked out of the organization. In the Code of Conduct… … Aww!”
The studded shoe turned Jess’ chin. His mind whirled and he couldn’t think of anything.
Falcoa grabbed Jess by the head and lifted him up. The moment he heard the cold voice, Jiss’ focus returned.
“Or what? Would you like to bring your sister?”
“That, that… … .”
Jess’ body trembled. Anger and fear mixed together, and emotions that could not be guessed at the taste rose up.
My sister was a precious existence that could not be exchanged for anything. She didn’t want to show her such a dirty world.
“Oh, didn’t you tell me? Actually, I like your sister. Could you take this opportunity to introduce yourself?”
A rotten smell came from Falcoa’s mouth as he chewed on the loop.
* * *
Sirone and the woman managed to escape Garmoth’s bodyguards after running through the alleys for 30 minutes.
As expected of those who trained, the speed was fast, but the psychological warfare using blind spots to turn round and round was effective.
The two leaned against the wall for a while to catch their breath. I ran so much that I could taste blood in my mouth and my legs were shaking.
The woman looked at the panting Sirone and let out a laugh.
“Huh, you have surprisingly good stamina, don’t you? I thought you would give up after running because you look pretty.”
“If you give up, you will be caught. I’m dying hard But there… … are you okay?”
“I am Marsha. I’m good at running away, so this much is nothing. Let’s go somewhere and rest. I’m thirsty, so I need a beer. I’ll buy you a drink in return.”
Sirone was puzzled. Despite being chased by her, Marsha showed no sign of nervousness.
Besides, drinking beer means having money, so why did he steal?
“Oh, I guess I should stop and see.”
“Anyway, I can’t go around now. Let’s wait at a store I know. Garmoth is savage, but he’s so stupid that he quickly forgets about it. If you can hold out for an hour, you won’t even pursue it because you’ll be distracted from playing. And most of all, it’s because I’m scared. Can you stay by my side for a moment?”
Marsha stuck out her tongue and squinted her eyes. Although not bewitched by her dainty appearance, Sirone finally agreed to her words. More than anything else, if she gets captured by Gamoth now, things will escalate irreversibly.
“all right. But I don’t think I can stay long because my party is waiting.”
“okay. Let’s just wait until Garmoth’s men give up. come here.”
Marsha walked around the alley and led Sirone to a dark bar. I wondered if anyone would come to this place to have a drink, but it was surprisingly crowded.
“Hmm, this place doesn’t change even after years.”
“Isn’t that where you used to go often? It’s a bar I knew earlier… … .”
“Oh, I used to come often. It’s been 3 years since Galliant Island. A friend lives here.”
“I see. I thought I was a local because I knew the way so well.”
“Huh, I will never forget a road I’ve seen once. Running away is part of my life.”
As Marsha took Sirone and sat down at the bar, the men with stern looks all turned around. It was because the harmony between a beautiful woman and a young boy was heterogeneous.
“People are staring.”
“don’t mind. This is a bar where only the troubled children of the island come. When an incident happens, information is received here first, so you can know when Garmoth gives up.”
“Isn’t that rather dangerous? Your subordinates might come here.”
“Gamos is the one who rules the island, not the trouble maker. So this is… … It’s like some kind of resistance. Should we call it a community of destiny?”
Sirone did not believe it straight away. In a place where so many people came and went, it was virtually impossible to completely control the information.
‘This is something that cannot be done with the system alone. Where possible, conventions or regulations. But why? They won’t get anything?’
As Sirone stared at her, Marsha smiled embarrassedly.
“Oh no, I really can’t. yes, that’s right This pub is in collusion with the Municipality of Galliant. Even the officials are supposed to turn a blind eye to what happens here.”
“As expected. But why would the government do such a thing?”
“Money. Money laundering, slush fund creation, circulation of lobby funds, etc. This is what they call Island Gate. Is it a system created by the characteristics of a closed island? there was an agreement It guarantees the safety of criminals in return for circulating funds in the shadows. reciprocity. What, isn’t it the world to live like that? Hi-Hi!”
Marsha flicked the stick in her mouth. Her eye smile, bent like a seagull, looked somehow sad.
“It’s funny when you think about it, what is it? There is a lot of talk about punishing criminals, but in the end, it is criminals who fill their stomachs. It breaks large amounts of money that cannot be swallowed into small pieces to make them easier to digest. Are they like microbes in society? Without microbes, organisms die.”
Sirone couldn’t answer. The social system that went against human nature was too complex and colorful for an 18-year-old boy to judge.
“You said something too serious. Did you say Sirone? What did you come to the island for?”
“I came to play with my friends. I want to bathe in the sea and see historical sites.”
“Kergo Ruins? Have you been there before Ah, I was young then, but I’m already twenty-seven. I might die of old age as an old virgin. how old are you?”
“I’m 18.”
“Oh my, it’s more than I thought? You are very young.”
“My sister also looks younger than her age. Oh, can I call you sister?”
“then. It all starts with my sister. If you become a lover later, you can call me whatever you like, ho ho ho!”
Sirone raised the corner of his mouth as if it was absurd. To an 18-year-old boy, she was an adult that a 27-year-old woman could not surpass.
But other than that, Marsha was a much more intelligent and rational woman than expected.
The conversation was pleasant, and Sirone, alert, opened up about what had happened at the port.
Marsha nodded and said, as if she had any guesses.
“Ah, you got caught by a street tout. not evil Still, 5 gold was a bit harsh.”
“yes. In the end, I’m in a bad mood because I had a disagreement with my friend. I’d still be waiting I will be scolded when I go back.”
Marsha checked the time and asked the bartender.
“What happened to the Garmoth gun?”
As the bartender wiped the cup like a deaf person, Marsha placed a silver coin.
Then the bartender’s mouth opened as if it had never happened.
“The news that came in 10 minutes ago said that it spread all over the main road. There are probably 40 people blocking all the streets.”
“Uh, still? That person is so tenacious.”
“Originally, the Garmos alarm goes off right away. The lid must have been opened today.”
Marsha looked back at Sirone and smiled bashfully. Sirone also had nothing to say. Because he was the one who blew off Garmoth’s head cap.
Marsha went back to her original story.
“Anyway, it’s good to deal with street touts in moderation and avoid them. They are children who belong to an organization of their own. Once you start getting tangled up, it becomes difficult to handle.”
“okay. Actually, I hadn’t even thought about that.”
“Whoa, do you need to know? Are you here to play anyway? But there is always a danger lurking in the pleasure of tourists. The island is narrow and closed. If you want to share limited goods, you have no choice but to compete more fiercely than inland.”
Sirone engraved it in his mind. He planned to stay on the island for ten days, so he would meet many solicitors for a while.
It was a shame because I had listened to Marsha’s advice.
Sirone suddenly realized and looked at Marsha.
According to what I observed during the conversation, he was a really nice person. He was affectionate and witty, and he had the prudence not to judge his opponent’s words.
Why would such a person shoplift? Judging by the willingness to tip the bartender, it seemed that he had no shortage of money.
“Hey, I wonder if I can ask you this, but I’m really curious.”
Marsha leaned back in her chair and looked up at the ceiling.
“Whoa, I was nervous whenever you asked. but sirone. A woman’s three sizes are not heard with her ears, but imagined in her head.”
“no! Not that! Why did you steal the pottery?”
“huh?”
“I don’t think you are the kind of person to shoplift. And saying that you don’t have money was a lie. Why did he steal the pottery, which isn’t particularly useful? … .”
“Hmm.”
Marsha rested her chin and thought.
“I don’t know. Should I just say that I wanted to steal it?”
“yes? Can you?”
“It can be. It’s called stealing. Of course, it wasn’t like that from the beginning. i was an orphan My parents abandoned me when I was four years old. A man from the mercenary group picked it up and raised it, and he became my adoptive father.”
Sirone’s heart trembled at the unexpected words. Marsha, like herself, was abandoned by her own parents.
“But it was far from a comfortable life. The Mercenary Corps is a place full of strange people. When I was 11 years old, one of the savage mercenaries tried to get his hands on me. Fortunately, my adoptive father found it first and beat it up.”
“of course. Her daughter could have been through that. Anybody would.”
“Huh, is that really so?
“yes?”
Marsha looked down at the bar with sad eyes. For some reason, it felt like her eyes were getting wet.
“Every day I was given a piece of bread and a glass of water. The adoptive father gave nothing but that. Clothes, sweets, and toys. In the end, you bred me. That’s when I started stealing from others. One day, I was caught stealing apples, but they obediently paid for it. But as soon as I got home, he changed his mind and started beating me. Say nothing, until I pass out.”
“It is too much. If you can afford to pay for it, wouldn’t it be better if you bought it from the beginning? And why didn’t you ask for one?”
“Because that was what my adoptive father wanted. subservience to oneself. All I could resist was stealing every day. Of course, the day I got caught was beaten to death. It was a terrible day. Then, one day, they all gave up. So I told my adoptive father this.”
Marsha supported her chin as if recalling that time.
“You can kill me.”
—————————————

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-13.txt
=============YYYYY=============
Please enable JavaScript
Chapter 13
‘One does not become a great swordsman with their eyes!”
Nevertheless, Rian made him endlessly look forward to something and made him support the kid with all his heart.
“Here, take this.”
Kite handed his sword to Rian.
Rian didn’t know what his teacher wanted him to do with the sword in particular, but he understood his intentions.
Rian would have to risk his own life if he wanted to solve this situation.
“If you decide to go to the mansion with this sword, I’ll let you go. But don’t make a step if you’re not determined enough. It will only make things worse. This situation is already out of your control.”
“Master.”
While looking at Kite with fierce eyes, Rian smiled.
As he bowed his head down politely, he held out his hands and grabbed the sword from Kite in silence.
“Thank you. I will never forget this favor.”
“Remember, abandoning a friend is equivalent to abandoning another you. Don’t you dare half-ass this.”
“Yes!”
With a stern nod, Rian ran to the manion with a sword strapped on his waist.
There was nostalgia in Kite’s eyes.
‘My part is over!
Although the time to say goodbye was short, he was happy he was able to leave his mark.
‘May the future of my student be filled with good fortune.’
The atmosphere inside the mansion was cold.
All work stopped momentarily, and the male servants and maids kept their mouths shut.
Louis, the head butler, wiped his glasses behind the sofa where the immediate family members were sitting.
Next to him, Temuran, the deputy butler, was staring at Shirone, his stress plain for all to see.
He was kneeling under all the gazes of hostility and contempt.
He felt like he was standing in the middle of a Colosseum.
“Report, head butler.”
“Yes, my Lord. Shirone, a servant hired by Temuran, is accused of damaging the prestige of the Ogent family during his year-and-half-long stay here. The workers have witnessed the youngest young master and Shirone mingling, and I also heard Shirone talking to him carelessly. Attached are the testimonies of the workers in regards to the case. Temuran wrote for them.”
As Bischoff silently raised his hand back, Louis passed the document into his hand.
Flap! Flap! While the papers were turning, Reina sneakily went up to Shirone.
“Shirone, don’t worry too much. I’ll try and convince my dad. Nothing’s going to happen.”
Contrary to expectations, Shirone looked so calm that it gave Reina chills.
Not a speck of anxiety was seen in his eyes.
‘He was not pretending to be calm! He really is looking at the situation calmly!’
Shirone was not afraid.
This was because the future was just full of possible outcomes. Nothing had been decided yet.
After looking through the file, Bischoff spoke.
With a cold impression along with his pitch-black hair, he had the power to petrify with his words alone.
“Shirone Arian, is what is written in this file true?”
“Dad, Shirone and Rian…”
“Reina, I did not ask you. I’ll give you a chance to speak. Stay quiet for now.”
Reina knew this was not gonna be easy.
Bischoff, a logical man who followed fundamental principles, was not a person who could be persuaded through mere emotions.
Shirone opened his mouth.
“I would like to ask a question.”
All the servants who were watching were surprised at how composed Shirone was. However, it did not phase Bischoff one bit.
“Tell me.”
“If the youngest young master and I are actual friends, what would happen to him?”
Reina’s eyes turned affectionate at Shirone’s selflessness. He thought of his friend before himself, even in such a situation.
“Nothing will happen. Right now, we’re here to question you, a commoner. Whatever misdeed Rian has commited, as long as he’s part of this family, we will continue to protect and support him.”
Bischoff’s words had thorns, but Shirone was satisfied.
Shirone, who let a little loose, told the truth with a bright smile.
“Then I’m glad. Rian and I are friends. We’ve been friends for a year, and we’ll continue to be friends.”
No one dared to speak up or express themselves, but Shirone’s words actually caused a great stir.
In particular, the male servants who lived with him were the most shocked as his friendship with the youngest young master turned out to be true.
‘Stupid boy. He doesn’t understand how scary this world is.’
A son of a noble family and a son of a mountaineer have been friends for over a year.
What seemed like a baseless rumor that had been passed around ended up being true.
“You must take the name of the Ogent family quite lightly. Shirone, I will execute you as the Lord of this house. Since you came here signing such a contract from the beginning, you must have been ready for such a possibility.”
Reina stepped up.
“Dad! Listen to me for a second! You said you’d give me a chance to talk!”
[Translator – Anwen]
[Proofreader – Enigami]
Join our discord for updates on releases! dsc.gg/reapercomics
“That was when there was room to make judgment. He has already confessed. It’d be pointless to drag this out. Head butler.”
“Yes, my Lord.”
“Continue the matter at hand. Also, this should never leak out.”
“Of course.”
Reina became nervous. Even in this situation, seeing as how Shirone continued to maintain his calm and composed exterior, Reina felt bitter.
Come and read on our website wuxia worldsite. Thanks
But how could they prevent this? Bischoff’s decisions as Lord of the house had never once been reversed.
“With whose permission?!”
Rian opened the door and barged in.
The temperature of the room increased with just his appearance alone.
“Who’s going to execute my friend without permission?”
Bischoff said flatly.
“Me.”
“Why the hell? He didn’t commit a sin that deserves death, we only became friends! Just friends!”
“One does not die just because he has committed a sin worthy of death. The intricacies of aristocracy are much more complicated than you think. And those complicated circumstances are handled and resolved by the family, hence you, as a son of a nobleman, were also raised and brought up with preferential treatment.”
“If that’s the case, I refuse such a privilege if it means I have to abandon my friend.”
“You are immature, Rian. Friendships are a mutual thing. What you can share with them is fixed and certain. That is a definite relationship. Does that kid think of you as a friend? How can I believe that? Let’s say he approached you for money, how could you know? How can you trust him?”
“Shirone is not like that.”
“That’s what I’m saying. How do you know that? Prove it. Bring some kind of evidence that proves Shirone is not that kind of person.”
Reina chewed on her lips.
‘He’s totally caught up!’
There was no evidence that could prove Shirone was a true friend because nobody could look into a person’s heart.
Feeling a chill from his father’s words, Rian slowly grabbed the handle of the sword strapped on his waist.
Something hot flooded into his heart.
‘I understand now, Master!’
Rian, who understood what Kite meant, burst into laughter.
“HAHAHAHA!”
This was not a staring contest between father and son, it was a battle of wills.
“As expected, I can’t beat my dad. I almost fell for it. Prove that we’re friends… My proof is that I believe in him. Even if Shirone does not think of me as one, he is my friend as long as I believe we are. That’s the best proof you can have in this situation! Trust!”
This time, Bischoff was at the losing end.
After all, what Rian said was also true.
“So you are going to disobey me, the Lord of this house? This is not a matter between just you and me. It is a matter that involves the house. Noble houses can fall and collapse, even now it still happens. I have to make sure we don’t crumble and fall. I am responsible for leading this house. Don’t underestimate the situation. Even a son of a noble can be ostracized.”
Bischoff burned his bridge.
To kick out his own son.
Not only the servants, but also the members of the Ogent family were shocked at the last remark.
But Rian didn’t budge.
Instead, he answered politely with unprecedented courtesy, as if building a wall between him and Bischoff.
“If that’s the only way to protect my friend, I’ll happily leave.”
BANG!
Bischoff slammed his foot onto the floor.
Unacceptable. A mere 16-year-old surviving an ostracism?
‘That foolishness of his… His rude, mannerless actions… He’s only unreasonable due to the fact that I am his father.’
“Then draw your sword. To be ostracized means to be abandoned by your family. If your friend is really worth the fight, then you must risk your life.”
Rian drew his sword without a word. The action angered Bischoff even more.
“Are you really planning on pointing your sword at me, your father?”
“It’s not pointed towards you, father. You don’t believe me, so I have no choice but to do this. I draw my sword because I believe in myself and my decisions.”
“Since when did you cherish your friends? You never once made connections with other aristocrats your age. You said it was because they were dazzling in your eyes. You’re only friends with this commoner because he doesn’t shine. Because he is lower than you.”
“For the first time, you are wrong, father. Shirone is a friend who shines brighter than me. I want to help Shirone shine even brighter.”
Bischoff was despondent.
What did this Shirone do to dazzle his naive son to such a degree?
“Is it you? Did you make Rian like that? How did you persuade him into believing that a commoner and a noble could be friends?”
Shirone spoke.
“Although I did not persuade him, since you think that is the case, maybe I did do something like persuasion.”
Rian stood between the two.
“Shirone, stay quiet. I’ll take care of it. No matter what happens to you—”
“Rian.”
Rian turned his head as Shirone spoke with a cold tone he had never heard him use before. Shirone was staring straight at him.
“You are responsible for what you are responsible for.”
Not only the family, but Rian, too, felt chills at the impassive words that were comparable to Bischoff’s.
“Huh? W-Well, yes. Of course.”
“But you don’t have to take responsibility for things that you shouldn’t be responsible for. This situation was created by the two of us. We’ll just have to get through it together.”
Shirone looked back at Rian and smiled.
“Even if I die on this spot, I don’t regret being your friend.”
Silence ensued.
Not only the servants, but also the members of the Ogent family couldn’t help but turn solemn in the moment.
And for Rian, it was like pouring fuel into an already burning flame.
“Yeah! That’s exactly what I’m saying! Even if I’m ostracized, we’ll still remain friends!”
The servants started to murmur amongst themselves.
They were cynical at first, but now they couldn’t figure out who to side with.
Reina, who was resting her chin using the back of her hand, smiled.
‘You are really amazing, Shirone!’
He silenced the adults with indisputable logic.
The reason why Shirone’s words could not be refuted was because they were all human beings. And all human beings had to deal with a thing called ’emotion’.
‘I’m sure everyone here has had a friend like Shirone. A person they wish they could be friends with forever.’
The stone-cold logic of the Ogent family was also something that a human created. And as much as one would like to separate emotions from the equation, such a thing was simply not possible for humans.
‘He’s smart. In a sense, he’s similar to dad.’
Nevertheless, the reason why he didn’t dislike Shirone was because sincerity preceded calculation.
‘Well, you never know. That’s the power of sincerity. It makes you want to believe. And Shirone definitely has that power.’
Perhaps that was Shirone’s greatest weapon, Reina thought.
____

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-130.txt
=============YYYYY=============
[130] Island. Galliant(7)
Sirone was heartbroken. How beaten could he be to say such words come out of the mouth of a child?
Please enable JavaScript
“Since that day, the words have become a kind of incantation. Every time my adoptive father beat me, he said this. you can kill me Then the adoptive father stopped beating and left with an angry expression. Whoops, I just lived like that. When I was 12, when I was 13, until I left home when I was 17.”
“You’re the same age as me now.”
“Yes, I am old enough to open my eyes to the world. Then one day, I finally realized the meaning of the actions my adoptive father had done to me. No, maybe you already knew. That’s why I didn’t ask for anything.”
Sirone could guess now. Marsha’s adoptive father had a terrible idea that he should never have.
“Like a fool. If you want to do it, I’d rather do it coolly. If that was the case, I wouldn’t have gotten messy for 17 years. In the end, he was a pathetic coward who could neither do this nor that. Since then, I’ve been carrying a knife in my arms. One day I saw the eyes of my adoptive father who was beating me. Ugh, sorry I couldn’t see you. So I just said it.”
Marsha spoke calmly with restrained emotions.
“You can hug me.”
“… … Did your adoptive father do that?”
“Huh, strangely, there was no twist to this story. The human attacked me as if he had waited, and I stabbed my throat with a knife. I honestly didn’t feel anything. Then I left home and wandered around the world until I came here.”
Sirone was heartbroken. When he heard from the mouth of the person concerned about a story he had only heard about in books or rumors, unknown resentment filled him.
“Well, hey, what should I say… … .”
“are you okay! Now I just have to eat and live. The adoptive father died, but the kleptomaniac didn’t disappear easily. It’s not the first time or two that I’ve been in trouble because of this. Ugh.”
When Marsha smiled brightly, Sirone felt better too. She thought it was amazing that she was able to be considerate of her opponent even though she had been through that.
“If it is an unforgettable pain, I think hugging is a way. Noona is doing her best to overcome the pain. Kleptomaniac will soon disappear.”
“Thank you for understanding. If you were going to do something to me tonight, it worked.”
“no! i really… … !”
“know. My face blushed for no reason. If I had a younger brother like you, I would not be bored.”
“Me too. In fact, I also thought that Marsha noona was really like her biological sister.”
“Hi-Hi! Ok, thanks.”
Sirone was sincere. The other day, he thought about how he wished he had a brother while watching the relationship between Rian and Raina.
If you had a sister, would you feel the same way you do now? Her way of speaking and every action made Sirone feel at ease.
In the meantime, the bartender who had entered the room came out.
I don’t know the detailed structure, but it seemed that all kinds of information was being collected from the room he came out of.
“Gamos alert is off. They say they’re going back to the mansion to have a party, as if they’ve found a girl they like.”
“Phew, but I’m glad it’s not too late.”
Marsha glanced at Sirone with sullen eyes.
“Hey, do you think you hated being with me that much? Just a while ago, she said in a baby-like voice, “Marcia, please be my older sister.”
“… … I didn’t say it that way.”
Sirone felt the same way. It was the first time that he, who was not used to women, had a conversation without noticing the passage of time.
However, I had to leave for the sake of the family members of the villa who were waiting for the boat.
“I guess I have to go back. Can I see you again?”
“of course. Are you afraid that you will run away in the middle of the sea? If you’re bored, come and play. Because I intend to stay here.”
“haha! Yes, then I will go.”
When Sirone left the bar, Marsha ordered a strong drink with a light expression on her face.
As expected, the two men who had been waiting for an opportunity until now approached as if they had been waiting.
“It’s fresh. Maybe because I was drunk with you, I paid more for my drinks than usual.”
“Getting a room? This is where a woman alone never knows what’s going to happen. How about going in with me?”
Marsha didn’t even turn her head.
“go away. before killing them.”
“what? did you say everything? Do you want to be treated properly today?”
The man held the bottle upside down on the table. People looked back at the bar with a sudden sense of tension.
As her eyes focused, Marsha sighed inaudibly. She then suddenly changed her demeanor and let out a crackling laugh.
“Ho-ho-ho! All right, go to your room. But can you handle it with only two people? Why don’t you bring more friends?”
“What, what?”
“Bring it. 10 people? No, 20 people don’t matter. I’ll play with you all night, so bring it to me. I hate interruptions the most.”
The men were offended without even knowing why. But Marsha knew. The fact that when breeding competition intensifies, males reveal their natural weakness.
“What, what, damn it. go crazy girl Let’s go.”
“Ah, it’s because I’m out of luck.”
Marsha looked at the men walking away as if they were pathetic, then turned away.
Before I knew it, the drink I ordered was up. When I passed it all at once, a fire shot out of my throat and my mind became hot.
“Huuuuuuuuuuuuuuu, this is how it should be. Bartender, another drink.”
Instead of serving a new glass, the bartender came over and poured Marsha’s glass.
“… … Is that Marsha?”
“Huh, then, is there another Marsha?”
“I heard that you’re wanted by the Magic Association, but you’ve been avoiding it so far. Did you come in at all?”
“no. I’ll be there soon. I just came here for a moment to sort things out.”
“I would like it to proceed as quietly as possible. When a big guy like you makes a fuss, the island gets messy. We don’t want the agreement broken. If you promise to cooperate, I’ll let you stay here for a while.”
“it’s okay. I didn’t even have a good idea here from the beginning.”
The bartender polished the beer glass until it clicked. After remaining silent for a long time, he spoke indifferently.
“The boy must be disappointed.”
“Whoops. are you okay. Originally, at that age, I was broken hearted and that’s it.”
“I thought you liked it?”
“It was fun. Ha ha, to be honest, it was a bit risky.”
Marsha hugged her shoulders and looked up at the ceiling.
“How can there be such a disgusting human being?”
take precedence (1)
The villa was quiet, as if no one was there.
Amy was sitting on the sofa by the fireplace, and Lian and Tess were too busy staring at her to say a word.
Sirone wasn’t coming. It’s already been 2 hours since I went to the market, so unless I’m bringing fish out of the sea, it’s time to come back already.
“Sir, is Sirone late?”
Tess, who spoke out to melt the frozen atmosphere, was startled. He felt like his voice was being heard louder than usual.
Even so, Amy was staring at the darkness without even a slight movement.
‘Oh, it’s completely thin ice.’
Tess shuddered. In fact, she seemed to be in a bad mood for Amy, as much as she felt the chills.
Of course, as a woman, it was completely understandable. Apart from the meaning of a couple’s trip, wasn’t it the first exciting vacation for the two of them?
‘Sirone, you were too careless. This is disappointing for me too. Chet!’
Crayfish are on the side of the crab, Tess sided with Amy.
As a woman, she knew how much Amy had yielded to Sirone.
Despite a disagreement at the port, she readily offered to cook. Men might think that’s a big deal, but from a woman’s point of view, it was the most honest way of expressing her feelings, ‘I want to reconcile with you quickly.’
But Sirone was an hour behind Lian. If she’s lost, she might be, so it’s not the time for her to worry, but Amy wants her to take responsibility for even such trivial parts.
“Oh, I am hungry. Why the hell aren’t you coming? Shall I go out and look for it?”
Lian murmured, holding on to her stomach without noticing. She wasn’t the kind of girl who decided to eat a few meals a day, so she was patient with an hour’s grace.
“it’s okay. And then we get confused.”
“okay? Then can I eat the potatoes I bought?”
Tess raised her ax eye and shouted.
“Why are you so gullible? Think about Amy.”
“What is so serious? Sirone said she had more to live for than me. It could be late.”
Tess was stunned. Even though Sirone wasn’t her own partner, and already resonated with Amy, she seemed to hate even Rihanna.
“Even if Sirone has a lot to live for, she’s smarter than you, so it’s normal to come sooner than later. So, this is a very serious matter! You decide whether to eat potatoes or green onions in the corner.”
“Why are you so temperamental? What did I do?”
Ryan scratched his head like a bear. He couldn’t be particularly selfish, as he was indifferent to the sound of swearing at him.
Amy was the first to speak. She tried to smile as if she was sorry for ruining the mood.
“Sorry, because of me. Just cook and eat from you guys. I’ll eat with Sirone when he comes.”
“I can’t do that. It was a cooking competition.”
“But Lian is hungry. It’s because Sirone is late anyway. What should we lose?”
Tess soothed Amy with a tearful expression.
“It’s okay, Amy. In fact, I’m not hungry at all. What should I do with that insectivore?”
Ryan was really chewing raw potatoes in the corner. He was a man who couldn’t even skim, but his physical strength was comparable to that.
In a way, it was pitiful to see that in order to maintain tremendous strength, the calorie consumption would be several times higher than that of a normal person.
Silence ensued, unable to come to a conclusion, as Amy put her foot on the chair and rested her cheek on her lap.
‘Why aren’t you coming? What really happened?’
He’s not a kid who doesn’t keep his promises. But he wasn’t stupid enough to waste time by making mistakes.
Perhaps there were unavoidable circumstances.
But no matter how hard I tried, I couldn’t help feeling sad.
‘You brought me. Except for you, everyone I meet today.’
It was lonely. Although they became close, Lian and Tess had a sympathetic relationship as partners. There was no room for Amy to squeeze in between them.
thump. thump.
someone knocked on the door Tess’s face brightened and Rihanna clenched her fists at the thought that she could finally eat.
“Are you Sirone? wait a minute… … !”
Before Tess could finish her words, Amy walked to the door. she shouted as she raised her eyes and threw open her door as she had the temper.
“hey! Where the hell are you and what are you doing now… … huh?”
Amy opened the door and blinked her eyes.
It wasn’t Sirone. It’s not even that I don’t know. What is certain is that he is not supposed to come here.
Jis, who had been scrambling in the harbor, stood there.
“what? Why are you coming here?”
Jess’ face turned red. I never thought it would be this woman who opened the door and came out.
My teeth gnashed when I remembered the events of the day, but my heart skipped a beat when I saw an unfamiliar figure in comfortable clothes.
Gathering his senses, Jis shamelessly inspected the interior of the villa. His stomach ached from being hit by Falcoa, but his expression was undisturbed.
“Wow, this is really nice. Are nobles different?”
“Are you asking what’s going on? How did you know we were here?”
“I searched and found it. If Jis, the ruler of the port, puts his mind to it, that’s not a big deal. Now you know, how fast am I on the island?”
“so? You came here just to show off that one trick?”
—————————————

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-131.txt
=============YYYYY=============
[131] What takes precedence (2)
“haha! no. Come to think of it, I think I did something wrong during the day. To be honest, I was ripped off. Originally, I don’t get that much, but I guess I was too greedy. let me restore your honor I’ll show you where I’m really having fun.”
Please enable JavaScript
Tess said, putting her hand on her hip.
“No work. I’m so uncomfortable I’m dying. Amy, just kick it out.”
“Yes. So goodbye.”
As Amy tried to close the door, Jess thrust her hand in, showing a look of urgency.
There was no written script, but words came out quickly, like a man who was born on this floor.
“Now, wait a minute! If you don’t want your friends to come, you can come by yourself.”
“why me? Is this a bit suspicious?”
“good! okay! I’ll be honest. i actually… … I’m very upset.”
“To whom?”
“Even street touts have associations. My actions must have reached the ears of the superiors. So I asked the rude guest to show me around the island. If rumors spread, tourists wouldn’t use touts. Can’t we just stop by for a moment and then go? Otherwise, I will be completely cut off from food. I might really have to beg like a beggar.”
“Hmm.”
Amy didn’t look suspicious. Jess, terrified, anxiously awaited her verdict.
“Okay, let’s get some fresh air and come back. I’ll change my clothes and come back, so wait here.”
Jess raised his head. He sure he came for it but he never thought he’d get it so easily.
On the other hand, Tess, who was listening, was bewildered. No way, he didn’t know that he would fall for the words of such a solicitor.
Thinking that she must be upset about Sirone, she hurriedly followed Amy.
“Amy! What are you going to follow? How can you trust that child?”
“are you okay. If it’s dangerous, I’ll just come back.”
“Let’s think about it a little longer. What about Sirone?”
“it’s okay. you know what to do Ryan must be hungry too. How long are you going to keep him waiting? what was better I’ll eat outside, so spend time with Ryan.”
After changing her clothes and tidying up her hair, Amy went down the hallway. Tess persuaded him to the end, but it was reckless.
“Do you really want to go? Then should I come back soon? just get some fresh air If it’s late, can we go find it?”
“I know. Ryan, I’ll be out for a while. Sirone, when you come back, starve yourself.”
Ryan was cautious. The hunger-like appearance disappeared and he was watching the situation seriously.
Would it be right to let her go? However, it would have been funny if the person concerned wanted to go, but he did not know if he was being dragged away.
“Did you say Jess? let’s go.”
“huh? Uh, yes!”
Jess was stunned. She couldn’t bring herself to her senses the moment she came down the stairs to her second floor in a girlish black dress.
When Amy went out, the villa was empty. Tess sighed and shook his head, his head convoluted.
“Oh wow, how did this happen? The atmosphere was good until just now.”
“Wouldn’t it have been better if I went with you?”
“You idiot, don’t you know a woman’s heart that much? How miserable would Amy be if someone else’s partner escorted her? Anyway, where the hell did Sirone go?”
Lian walked to the window and watched Amy get into the carriage.
The stars above the sea were twinkling like they were about to pour.
* * *
Jess sat across from Amy. Since he put her on her wagon, it was safe to say that her operation was more than 80% successful.
“now! Then let’s go! Hey, let’s go!”
The coachman nodded and shook the reins, and the twins shook the cabin and jumped out.
Jess continued to play his mouth. He was reciting even trivial things that he didn’t want to know. Who cares whether the vegetable shop owner is having an affair with the widow or not?
Amy hadn’t said a word until then, just staring at the night view outside the window. Preoccupied with her thoughts, Jess didn’t even hear her words.
At some point, Jiss also realized that and stopped talking.
In fact, looking at Amy’s face like this made me the happiest. Her expression, calm and subdued, was completely different from her anger during the day.
Did Falcoa really intend to sell this beautiful girl? At first, I didn’t realize it, but once I put it on the wagon, fear overtook me.
“It takes a long time. Where are you going?”
Amy was the first to speak. Coincidentally, the most poignant question made Jiss startled and made up her words.
“Ah, so… … it’s a bit far Because it’s the best place in Galliant. It’s true, you’ll know when you go.”
“okay? Will the boss who took me take me there?”
Jess’ heart sank.
Since when did you know? Maybe from the beginning? Then why on earth did he get into the carriage and why hadn’t he said a word until now?
Jess’s face did not know that it would be released from the frozen state. Her head went pale, so no lies came to mind.
“That’s it… … .”
“You don’t have to lie. Isn’t it just by looking at the eyes? I’m so scared that I’m ejaculating, but I’m stupid not knowing. good luck anyway I’m only going to fool you this once.”
“Tricked… … You say?”
“okay. I don’t know what made you a scapegoat, but quit when this job is over. I’m saving you because you’re so pitiful.”
Jess’s face heated up.
“what! Am I pitiful?”
“Then would you be pitiful or envious?”
“Hey, this is really… … !”
Amy asked before Jess could get angry.
“Did you throw gold coins at me?”
“That, that… … .”
Jess averted her gaze. He shuddered just thinking about the day’s events. For that action he is beaten to death by Falcoa. It was a trauma he would never forget for the rest of his life.
“Kids like you can’t last long on this floor. People who have a lot of things they want to protect are only used and then abandoned.”
“Sheesh, how do you know that? A well-rounded aristocrat who met his parents well.”
“At least I know more than you. Because at one time I also snooped around this way. Of course, I was in a much higher position than you.”
Jess bit her lip. In the end it is. No matter how much she raised her pride and raised her voice, it was impossible to face her on equal heights.
“Are you sympathetic?”
“okay.”
“I don’t want to receive sympathy. never.”
“So, float on the floor. This might be your last chance.”
Jess felt defeated and lowered his head. She was right. If she hadn’t given her sympathy, she and her brother would have been going through hell by now.
“Sheesh.”
As Jess clicked her tongue, Amy looked out the window. It was as if a cool sea breeze blew and gently calmed her eyelids.
“I don’t like guys like you.”
“what?”
“You mean throwing coins at me. If you’re a man, you should have that level of strength. If I was just a backstreet bully, I would never have gotten into this carriage.”
Jess’ face turned red like a carrot.
“damn. Are you sick and giving me medicine? This is why nobles don’t like it. same as before Some ridicule and some stop. Because it’s just arbitrary.”
Amy, who was supporting her chin, grinned.
“Oh, Sirone? That child is also a commoner. So he must have stopped you.”
“what? commons? You mean he was a commoner and not an aristocrat?”
Jess’s eyes widened. He thought it was a joke at first. Otherwise, there would be no reason for such a beautiful girl to hang out with a man of a lower status than herself.
“Yes, commoner. What does it matter? No, is it important?”
“But weren’t you partners? It looked like a couple trip, right?”
“Okay, partner. They brought me to a remote island across the sea and left me somewhere… … my partner.”
Amy gave a sad smile with cat-like lips. As I looked into her dimly distant eyes, her Jiss mind was complicatedly tangled.
Maybe I was wrong from the start? I should have just picked up the gold coins that fell on the ground. If that were the case, even if my pride was hurt, things like now wouldn’t have happened.
‘shit! damn it! You’re taking a risk out of sympathy for me? Are you saying you know what the danger is?’
This girl was thinking too easily.
Falcoa was the acting chief of the Freeman organization. What was the Freeman Organization? He was the ruler of Galliant, commanding a fearsome elite army.
Even when Jis was young, the commercial power on the island was divided into several organizations. Although power struggles occasionally broke out, the balance of power was never disrupted.
However, the situation changed dramatically after the Freeman organization landed on the island five years ago.
They expanded their forces at a tremendous speed, and the existing organizations were disbanded without even using their power. Eventually, the alliance was decided to confront the Freeman organization, but it was simply broken.
It took only three months for the war to end.
The Freeman organization was a fighting group of monsters who dismantled all organizations in just three months.
‘It’s not just Falcoa. The thugs above me are all terrifying bastards. I’m taking this child to a place like that now.’
Jess clenched her fists. She wanted to stop her, but she couldn’t bear it.
Since he was a student at a magic school, he might be able to run away. But she wasn’t his sister. If Falcoa put his mind to it, he could get rid of the little brother of the roadside solicitor without even noticing mice and birds.
‘I have to keep it. As for my brother… … certainly!’
* * *
After parting with Marsha, Sirone arrives at the beach. My legs were shaking from running non-stop, but the real trouble was from now on. Since the villa is located in the middle of the mountain, we had to climb uphill.
“Whoa, why is Iljin like this today? It just keeps running.”
It was time for the sun to set, so Lian and Tess were supposed to be eating.
If Amy is still waiting, you must tell her the bad news as soon as possible. The sad news that you left your shopping cart.
‘It’s one thing to die one way or another.’
Sirone gritted his teeth and ran uphill. When he arrived at his villa, his breath was up to the tip of his chin.
Shirone walked to the entrance and knocked on the door with her waist bent.
“Lian, Amy, Tess. I’m here. please open the door Ahh!”
When the door suddenly opened, Sirone fell forward. It was a much more immediate response than expected.
“Sirone! Where the hell have you been? Do you know how long Amy waited?”
“Oh, I’m sorry. There was a reason for that. Let’s go in and talk. My legs are shaking.”
There was no smell of food in the villa. Sirone, who wished the three of them had eaten first, felt even more apologetic.
“Did you wait a long time because of me? By the way, where is Amy?”
Tess didn’t know how to explain. Would she say that she was tired of waiting and went to play? Or is it that she was disappointed in a man named Sirone and followed her jis?
“what’s the matter? I have a bad expression. what happened?”
“that is… … Oh, this is embarrassing.”
The reason Tess couldn’t speak was because she didn’t want to cause misunderstandings between the two of them.
However, Lian understood the core of the situation.
“I went out with a guy named Jess I met at the port.”
“huh? Jis? You mean the guy who ripped us off? Why is Amy following him?”
“I don’t know. While I was waiting for you, he suddenly came to me. He said he would pay for the day’s work. So he took a carriage and went somewhere.”
“Did Amy obediently follow? For no reason?”
Tess intervened.
“okay! It’s all because you came late. How lonely Amy was by herself. Tell me, what the hell happened?”
Sirone delayed answering. Now was not the time to be arguing about such things.
“Let’s go. Do you know where it is?”
“We don’t know. why are you so anxious? If you’re going to do this, please treat me well from the start.”
“You didn’t leave because of me.”
“What are you talking about? How angry Amy was!”
“Amy is hot-tempered, but she doesn’t act emotionally. Even if I’m angry with someone, I don’t do anything to make that person worry. I’d rather wait for me to come and beat her to death.”
Tess’ face darkened. Sirone, who knew Amy well, was probably right.
Besides, when I thought about it, it was like that. He is quick to get angry but is soft on the inside, isn’t he the kind of person who seems rough but has a lot of consideration?
“Well, what could be the matter? You’re just a solicitor. Amy is said to be outstanding at magic school?”
—————————————

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-132.txt
=============YYYYY=============
[132] What takes precedence (3)
Of course, there was no doubt about Amy’s skill. But Sirone had a different idea. He had heard from Marsha just half an hour ago how dangerous the island was.
Please enable JavaScript
Port solicitors have their own power. In particular, it was said that the street solicitors were the lower end subordinates of a powerful organization.
“I told you to be careful with people like Jis. Even if it’s not, the island is a closed and dangerous place. Because you can easily handle things that you can’t even imagine on land. There are many aristocrats who have gone missing on the island. I can’t just assume that Amy is all right.”
Lian mounted a straight sword in a leather scabbard.
“I don’t need to explain every word. Let’s go, Sirone. guide you anywhere I’ll deal with those who get in the way.”
“thank you. Actually, it’s because I’m late.”
“That must have had its own circumstances. First, make sure Amy is safe.”
Tess watched the two boys. That was the conversation between those who were bound by knightly oaths. Although she was still only an imitator of her, it was also an enviable sight for her who dreamed of becoming her knight.
“Wait a minute. I’ll go with you too. You’re not the only one worried about Amy.”
The three of them left the villa and went down to the beach. But I couldn’t figure out where to start looking for it.
In front of the vast sandy beach, Tess lost her confidence.
“Where can I find Amy? At this hour, the only place Jeece could take him would be the commercial district. Would you rather go there and disperse?”
“That sounds like a bad way. After all, the three of us can’t go around the whole commercial district anyway. First of all, you don’t even know the geography of this place.”
“Then what? there’s no way to find it I’d rather find a needle on that sandy beach.”
Sirone rested her chin on her chin and was lost in thought.
“Stop that, let’s go to the port. It is clear that there is an organization If that’s the case, you might be able to find out Amy’s location if you ask the gang members.”
“Harbor? is that south? Wouldn’t it be quicker to search this place on the way there? Amy wouldn’t be at the port anyway. It is not a tourist map.”
“No, it is correct to go to the port. Amy’s situation can be simply divided into two parts. First, Amy is unharmed. Second, Amy is not safe. If all is well, there is no loss even if we go to the port. But if it’s not all right, we must go to the port. The only reason why Amy is not safe is because she collides with Jee’s organization. Therefore, no matter what the situation is, we must first go to the port and make contact with the gang members.”
“that… … okay. I guess.”
Tess nodded as if hypnotized. It was the first time she felt that a person spoke faster than she thought of herself.
Ryan didn’t think. From the moment Sirone asked to go to the port, he had already rented a wagon.
When Lian, who had paid the coachman, motioned to ride, Sirone and Tess ran to it. Then he threw himself into the speeding carriage and went into the cabin.
The driver burst into a merry laugh and sped up.
“I also like being young. Do you have any urgent business at this hour?”
“yes. Please go quickly!”
“good! So, let’s try our children’s strength after a long time! Kirya!”
It was night, so the car was quiet. Volunteering his gold coins, the coachman drove his horse so much that the carriage rattled.
The wagon arrived at the port in 20 minutes, and the coachman made a noise saying that it was a record for the first time in 5 years.
The three of them ran to the port.
Most of the ships were moored in the dock, and light leaked through the cracks in the windows to see if people were on board. Perhaps the sailors were playing a game of cards.
The ship floating in the nearby sea was also suspicious, but it was too late to run around with feet anyway.
Sirone focused on searching the bar in the harbor. Most of them looked like gang members, but in reality, there were many cases where they were sailors.
“What do we do? Can I find this?”
“You can find it. There must be at least one.”
Sirone patiently inquired into the tavern. And he finally found a clue in a small tavern.
I didn’t know it at first because my eyes were swollen, but I’m sure the touts next to Jiss were drinking during the day.
“Hey, those two! Aren’t they the people who were with Jiss?”
“Right. From now on, leave it to me.”
Lian patted her fist and walked away. In this situation, I knew that his impression ate more than his skills.
“Hey, do you guys remember me?”
“what? Are you making a fuss? Because I feel like shit right now… … omg!”
The boy, who had been shooting with a twisted tongue, recognized Lian and stood up.
Lian’s size is also intimidating, but the reason I was really surprised was for another reason. It was because he knew what Jis, who had been captured by Falcoa, had gone to.
“I-over there… … That’s it.”
“I know, I know everything. So let’s talk in a quiet place. I’m the kind of person who becomes violent in people’s presence and nice in quiet places. What do you want to do?”
The solicitor glanced at his friend in his seat. The moment their gazes briefly crossed, they started running towards the door without saying who came first.
“shit! Bounce!”
They stamped their feet madly. But no matter how much I ran, the door wouldn’t come close.
‘what? Why are you doing this? Is it a dream?’
It wasn’t until the tension of the run was over that they realized that both legs were floating in the air.
“Give me one last chance. Would you like to follow along or plant it upside down right here?”
Raising the boys one by one in each hand, Lian held out her arms as if to show off her strength.
The boys freaked out. To withstand the weight of two men with arms outstretched was beyond brute force and close to brute force.
“Go, I’ll go. I’m going, so please don’t try.”
From then on things were easy. Lian led the tout to the breakwater, where he could hear the general situation.
“So that’s what Falcoa ordered me to bring Amy to, right?”
“yes. Jess was beaten to death. We almost died too. You better not mess with Falcoa. He’s a complete asshole.”
“doesn’t care. Because there is no idiot who got hit by my fist and hasn’t come back to his senses. Where did you take Amy? Do you know the place?”
“I really don’t know the place! Trust me!”
“okay? then ask your friend I will give up the chance for two people to live and choose only one to live.”
The two boys looked at each other fearfully. To be honest, I didn’t have the mental strength to endure the torture. But Lian was only overpowering them with words. It was thanks to his learning of interrogation techniques at the swordsmanship school.
“I really don’t know. But I have a place to guess.”
Sirone and Tess came closer. Lian also stopped pretending to be a clumsy investigator and shook the tout by the collar.
“where are you? Tell me quickly!”
“Wow, the palace.”
“Palace? What nonsense are you talking about?”
“It’s the name of the bar. The biggest bar in Galliant! Grab any wagon and they’ll take you there! Hey, you can never say we said it! Otherwise we will die!”
Ryan turned around without even having time to answer. Sirone and Tess were already getting ready to run.
As we left the port, we saw a wagon waiting. Coincidentally, it was the carriage that brought them all the way here.
“mister! Uncle coachman!”
The coachman, who was sitting in the luggage compartment and holding a pipe, turned his head. His own horse and his guests, who had enjoyed the splendid gallop, were rushing along.
“Hey, are you done watching already? It’s fast to run, so it’s fast to watch. Heh heh heh!”
“Mister, let’s go now! I’m in a hurry!”
“Cancer, don’t rush. Youth is in no hurry! Come on, let’s get on!”
The coachman jumped out of the hold with a bloody passion.
The coachman, who started the horse, looked back and shouted. The sound of the wind made her voice grow louder.
“Okay, somewhere this time!”
Sirone, Lian, and Tess all shouted at the same time.
“The palace!”
* * *
Tavern Royal Palace.
It would not be an exaggeration to say that the tavern, luxurious enough to stand up to the name of the royal palace, was the brightest place on the island.
The 4-story tall building showed what a waste of money was. All kinds of gold and silver treasures that reflected light were decorated, and magic crystal lamps that ordinary people could not even see were emitting light.
Sirone and the others were overwhelmed by the wealth radiating from the building. It felt like we had arrived somewhere we weren’t supposed to be.
As Sirone walked to the tavern, as expected, Gido, who was guarding the entrance, blocked her path.
“Hey, you can wear weapons here… … !”
Lian didn’t even listen and shoved his throat in prayer. He was of similar size to Rian, but his strength was no match.
When Gido, who had been choking and struggling, regained his senses, it was after Sirone and the others had already entered the store.
The bar was filled with people’s voices.
Women who were so naked that I wondered if it was okay to do this danced around, and verbal abuse, swearing, and all sorts of obscenities flew through the air.
Tess frowned. Galliant is a peaceful resort on the outside, but when the sun goes down, it turns into a place where murky desires whirl.
“Is Amy really in a place like this? There are a lot of people, and besides, what are those women? Aren’t you ashamed?”
“I know. Certainly not Amy’s favorite place. But she might have come in willingly as much as she went along. And be careful. No matter what happens here, the security will not be dispatched.”
After hearing about the situation on the island from Marsha, Sirone was convinced. Although the method of utilization is different, this place is also probably one of the places where some kind of transaction was made with the government.
When I couldn’t find Amy on the first floor, I went upstairs. A bloody gamble was taking place.
The third floor was lined with rooms with iron doors installed in a cross-shaped corridor, and the fourth floor was a VIP room where the highest nobility stayed.
After searching through each floor, Lian let out a pitiful sigh.
“It must be hard to find like this. Not in the hall, not in the gambling house. Searching the third floor, you have to enter every room, and the fourth floor is full of bodyguards.”
It was time to make a choice. Will you ask for your understanding and search for it, or will you properly cause an incident?
Of course, the decision of the three was the latter. As long as she found out that Amy was taken away by a malicious conspiracy, she had no intention of going back.
“There! Those children!”
Gido, who had been treated badly at the entrance, pointed to Sirone and the others. Then his man behind him rolled up his sleeves and approached.
Ryan had to raise his head to make eye contact with the man. He was so huge that his head reached the ceiling.
“Are you a solver?”
A shop with a bad back will be screened out for customers. Usually, it is filtered out in the line of prayer, but there were quite a few people who recklessly pushed in and played a game. It was the solver’s job to rule those people with violence.
“what is this? Aren’t they the babies that smell like milk? No, come to think of it, this girl is not just a kid.”
The fixer looked down at Tess and opened his bulbous nose. Unlike ordinary people, he had a high vision, and he was able to see Tess’ voluptuous true value more clearly than anyone else.
“Hehehe, you are the perfect customer for this store. Let’s see, can the uncle evaluate it?”
The fixer’s hand reached out to Tess. Just by opening her palms, it felt like a net had been spread in front of her eyes.
Tess grabbed the fixer’s middle finger. And he broke it with all his might.
“Aaaaaaa!”
The gigantic figure twisted its body ridiculously. The arm was fully extended, and the middle finger was bent enough to touch the back of the hand.
“it hurts! It hurts!”
“joy! You should have been careful with that. Even if you are a woman, my arm is stronger than your middle finger. This is what happens if you just trust your size and mess with it.”
“Ouch! You girl!”
Unable to bear the pain, the fixer threw out his fist on the other side. Then Tess let go of his fingers and twisted his body like lightning, swinging his elbow.
A light short hit hit the chin of the solver and passed. It was the perfect timing, so I felt as if the other person approached me as part of me and hit me.
As the fixer’s brain vibrated, consciousness was cut off. When Tess stepped aside, the giant’s body slammed down like an old tree.
—————————————

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-133.txt
=============YYYYY=============
[133] Priority (4)
“Oh, this can’t be… … .”
Please enable JavaScript
Prayer has gone cold. It was unexpected that the famous fixer on Galliant Island would be knocked down by a woman’s blow.
Lian shook her head as she looked at Tess, who was shaking her hands. With this, where is there any room for a man to squeeze in?
Elsaine swordsmanship is famous for its sophisticated attacks. Trained to stab the vitals in any situation, she was a skilled fighter who could instantly eliminate the gap in her strength or size.
‘It’s impossible to reach the tip of the chin with the minimum amount of movement unless it’s a murderous concentration. I know you’re lucky. If Tess pulled out the sword, you’re already dead.’
Sirone stared blankly at the unmoving fixer. Is this the swordsman’s move that is equal to that of the wizard?
If Lian’s physical strength was avant-garde, Tess’ blow was like seeing a perfect work of art.
“Wow, that’s really cool, Tess.”
“lol! Are you okay? After all, Sirone has eyes to see. Unlike the person standing next to Jogi.”
Lian approached Gido as he listened.
Gido was terrified and his legs were shaking. As Rihanna grabbed him by the neck and lifted him up, he gave his last breath.
“Kuh! Do you guys know where this is?”
“I came because I knew where. Do you look like you’re playing hide and seek? Where is Amy now?”
“shit! who is amy How do I know that?”
“Shall I make your heart stop instead of killing me?”
“Shit! Because I really don’t know! If you’re really curious, you guys will look for it!”
“This bastard is real!”
A fire lit up in Ryan’s eyes. I was already nervous to death, but I was wearing salt. Aren’t you doing this because you don’t have time to find it?
I was going to intimidate him with a little more intensity, but Sirone approached.
“Lian, it’s okay. What are you doing by asking me something you don’t know?”
“Then what? Are you really going to go from room to room?”
“No, just ask what you know.”
“You know what? Like what?”
Gido, who met eyes with Sirone, was startled.
Anger of a different nature than Lian’s. It felt like my bones were frozen as the chill soared.
“Ask where Falcoa is.”
* * *
Tavern Royal Palace. B1.
People in the know call this place a temple. Of course, God doesn’t stay. But sometimes he sees God, because of the hallucination caused by the loop.
After all, the VIP room on the 4th floor is a place where tourists who came only after hearing rumors came in and out, and all the real exhaust was in the basement.
The temple was a space where various drugs were distributed and stimulants, loops, could be enjoyed without wanting, so to speak, a space for those who were crazy for pleasure.
The temple is divided into 17 sections, and the total area is 1.5 times larger than the first floor.
It was always full, but only room 4 was not open to guests, because it was the room of Falcoa, the leader of the freeman organization and the president of the palace.
“So I asked him. Will he be buried after he dies, or will he die after being buried? So do you know what he said?”
“Ughh, what did you say, chief? What does he say?”
Falcoa screamed as she pretended to die.
“Please save my feet!”
“Aww! driving me crazy! Save my feet!”
“Puhahaha! My stomach hurts from laughing so much! Please help me!”
Falcoa’s men banged on the table and exploded with pyrotechnics. But Jess couldn’t understand it at all.
‘Crazy guys. What the hell is this funny about? I’m not crazy.’
“Oh my dear. Why don’t you drink?”
Jess just shook his head without even making eye contact with his partner. It seemed that if I drank here, I would never see the sun rising tomorrow.
Jess gently turned his head to look at Falcoa’s partner. He was sitting by Amy, whom he had brought with him.
Of course, she also didn’t understand Falcoa’s laughing code and was just looking straight ahead with a dry face.
‘It’s really great. I’m scared to death, but my expression doesn’t change.’
If you are an ordinary woman, especially if you are a girl, it is normal to be afraid in a situation surrounded by bloody gang members. However, there was no trace of tension on Amy’s face.
‘Oh, that’s noisy. Bored. I want to go back.’
Amy moistened her lips with the drink in front of her. Because she is an aristocrat, she has learned Judo, but she is not inclined to drink, and she does not drink in the first place. She was bored, and the amount she sipped was enough to cover the bottom of her bottle.
However, alcohol is alcohol, so I fell into a little sentimental thought as my mood exploded.
‘What am I doing here?’
Of course, Jis followed because he was right. But upon reflection, it seemed that this was not the only reason.
‘I’m sure he’s back by now, right?’
Why is Sirone late? Perhaps he was once again caught up in a useless fuss.
Looking down from Sirone’s omniscient point of view, where could there be one or two pitiful people in the world?
‘Whoa, did you want to imitate me?’
Come to think of it, the reason he came here was no different.
All I could hear was the idiot I met at the port, who didn’t seem to have fallen to the bottom, screaming for help.
The atmosphere at the drinking party grew more and more ripe. Amy became more and more annoyed.
If it came out forcefully, it would be enough to show off your skills and leave, but contrary to expectations, Falcoa kept his manners.
‘What are you thinking? Would I rather move first?’
By the time Amy was immersed in that thought, Falcoa was also smiling at Amy, conscious of her wicked smile.
‘I can hear the sound of my head rolling from here.’
Amy will be a high-ranking aristocrat. There was an aristocratic unique loftiness that could not be supplemented by appearance alone.
But Falcoa was at ease. He has the most outstanding weapon to subdue the nobles.
No, with this one, even the king could have made him kneel at his feet.
It was just a loop.
Even now, in the temple, many high-ranking nobles were enslaved by Loop.
If you look at the time and get used to loop little by little, no matter how proud you are, no nobleman will be able to withstand it.
“now. Let’s toast, cheers!”
At that moment, a crackling sound was heard from beyond the board. Then the shouts of the employees broke out.
“What are you guys doing! Kuck!”
“hey! Stop! This is the boss’s room!”
The door burst open and three people entered.
After checking the assailant’s face, Jis stood up as if he had seen a ghost. They were Amy’s friends from the port.
Falcoa’s expression crumpled at once. As a true guest, he would have forgiven him if he paid several times the amount, but it was a matter of pride for his garden, the temple, to be invaded.
“what? what’s the matter?”
When Falcoa spoke in a voice without laughter, the immediate subordinates sitting around jumped to their feet. Then, the women who knew the temper of the guys secretly noticed and avoided the seat.
“Sirone? How did you know you came here?”
Amy asked with her eyes wide open.
However, Sirone delayed answering. A maddening tickling aura burned up his spine.
The one sitting arrogantly in the seat of honor and crossing his legs in a figure 4 must be Falcoa. He didn’t look particularly monstrous, but at a glance I could tell he wasn’t normal.
‘Strong, that person… … .’
It’s easy to reveal your life. Even an ordinary person can intimidate an opponent if they really want to kill. However, it was not easy to live a quiet life as if it were there or not.
It was an energy that only pros in murder could produce.
‘Amy… … .’
Why is Amy sitting next to someone like that?
There was a drinking cup, not a teacup, in front of her enjoying tea and coffee. The floor was dirty and smelled bad. None of the things she saw in her room were here.
thus… … It was not her will to be here.
“Let’s go, Amy.”
Amy cried. After a long pause, all I could say was, ‘Let’s go back, Amy.’ What is such a confident attitude when you can’t even poke your nose while waiting?
Amy was angry at herself for being happy to see Sirone a moment ago. At what point is Sirone looking at herself? Is it at human eye level or high up in the sky?
This wasn’t what she wanted. That’s why she didn’t want to accept Shirone’s help either. She was confident that if she put her mind to it, she could go out right now.
“You, you! Go in knowing where it is!”
All the employees of the tavern came in droves. However, I couldn’t bear to enter the room of the demon-like Falcoa.
Sirone was stunned. A boss that even his subordinates fear. How deep and deep is this person’s evil?
Falcoa lowered her voice as if it was annoying.
“What are you? Do you know what will happen if you enter the room without my permission?”
“I came to take Amy. free her of her.”
“Pooh, if anyone hears it, they’ll think it was a kidnapping. No matter how noble you are, there are things you need to be careful about. Especially in a place like this.”
Sirone’s prediction was correct. This was an extraterritorial zone protected by the island government.
“What are you doing? Send the little ones back.”
“Where shall we send it back, brother?”
Falcoa picked and exhaled.
“To hell.”
The direct subordinates in room 4 warmed up and approached. It was a prayer on a different level from the employees he had passed so far.
Tess said as she prepared to draw her sword.
“Sirone, be careful. All of these are schema users.”
Shirone’s eyes lit up. Tess had a good eye for it, so it was probably true.
Of course, most of the swordsmanship school students can open the schema. However, it was obviously strange that not one of the gangsters who lived on an island that was not inland was able to schema.
‘Who the hell are you? How can a mere bar owner lead such talented people?’
Sirone stared at the subordinates blocking the front. At that moment, an immense feeling struck Sirone’s heart.
“Kuk!”
“Sirone, watch out! It’s pressing!”
There are a lot of abilities that correspond to ‘skills of the eye’ in the schema style, but pressing was the most popular skill among them.
It was because the reaction was intuitive, so it was good to use in practice, and it was easy to learn if you knew how to radiate emotions outward.
Sirone was not taken aback. The moment his opponent’s hostility weighed down his lungs, he realized that it was the same technique he suffered from Adele, the head of the Karmis family.
However, the quality of emotions was different. If Adele’s pressing was simply to overwhelm the opponent, their pressing was only to end life.
Rian grabbed the handle of the straight sword and took a step.
“You dare!”
“Rian! wait!”
As Sirone shouted, Falcoa’s men raised their eyes in puzzlement. It is a pressing where as many as 10 people are killed at the same time. Far from spitting out words, it should have been normal if his heart had already stopped.
But Sirone was still standing. Even with a faint smile on his lips.
Amy was the only person who understood the situation.
‘Golden Fire. In a sense, it’s an ability comparable to my red eyes.’
Sirone cannot be wielded by pressing. No, it might be possible, but at their level, there was no chin.
Sirone moved slowly. Then, as if the air was being pushed back, his men retreated in equal strides.
Of course, it wasn’t easy for Shirone to let go of her emotions.
It was the pressure injected by 10 veterans who had experienced countless battles.
I can’t put a value on my feelings, but I’m guessing it was the feeling of waiting for a carriage running from afar with your hands and feet tied to the ground.
To be more precise, it was the fear of the moment when the wagon arrived right in front of his eyes and the huge wheels filled his vision.
In reality, since death awaits, the time to feel fear is only 0.1 second, but currently, Sirone has been feeling the same emotion for over 20 seconds.
—————————————

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-134.txt
=============YYYYY=============
[134] What takes precedence (5)
In a word, it was not the intensity of emotions that could exist in reality. It was a situation where the heart could stop due to nervous system shock even if the Diamond Buddha was shaken by 1 percent.
Please enable JavaScript
But Amy wasn’t worried. Because even that 1 percent doesn’t shake, it can be called a diamond.
Sirone finally pushed his men to the table. Falcoa, who watched the mess, contorted his face in anger.
“What are you doing! Cut your throat right now!”
His subordinates rushed forward, pulling out the longswords worn around their waists.
“shit! It’s embarrassing to use a knife on a kid!”
At that moment, light flashed from Sirone’s body. A flash of light in the confined space blinded his men.
“Keugh! what!”
As befits those who have mastered the art of the eye, dark adaptation was fast enough to escape human limitations. But they didn’t move. The subordinates and Falcoa were just staring blankly at Sirone.
“what? What are you going to do with the light?”
Sirone flipped her palm and launched an orb of light. The golden photons were compressed to a pale color as they were compressed at great speed.
“Sirone, can you?”
Amy finally realized in front of the power of the photon, which shook so much that the frequency could not be measured.
A magic that generates a shock wave by accelerating mass to a speed comparable to that of light. It was the Photon Cannon.
“Sirone! you that… … !”
It is not easy to avoid the photon cannon in an enclosed space. In the end, someone would be beaten, and if that happened, there would be no choice but to die.
Before Amy could finish her words, Sirone raised the white sphere. And with all his might, he pinned him to the ground.
The moment the flash struck, a tremendous roar spread out as if thunder struck in front of my eyes, shaking the room.
“Keugh! What, what, this!”
People in the room covered their ears. As the shockwave spread across the ground, underground structures shuddered. Piles of dust poured from the ceiling.
The subordinates were as relaxed as if they had survived a natural disaster. The echo of the roar that had not left the basement still lingered in my ears.
After a while, the gang members looked back at the place where Sirone’s magic had been applied. Surprisingly, the bottom was not dug deep. However, the flat pressed range exceeded 4 meters in diameter.
“What, here… … Isn’t it underground?”
The subordinates couldn’t believe it even after seeing it with their own eyes.
It was a temple that could be said to be the strongest structure in Galliant. In order to create a space underground, a design method focused on durability is essential. In fact, the floor of the temple was covered with thick steel plates.
It was understandable that the entire basement was shaken if the steel plate was carelessly pressed against it. In short, it was not an impact that humans could withstand.
Like veterans, his subordinates did not show a crying expression. However, I kept as much distance as possible and was wary of Sirone.
Falcoa’s impression crumpled again at that appearance.
It was the fact that he overcame 10 pressings, but the magic he had now was the kind he had never seen before even he had been through numerous battlefields.
“you… … Who the hell are you? Where is the line?”
A huge network of wizards connecting continents is called a line. However, Sirone did not know the words commonly used in the wizarding society. He just proudly revealed his origins.
“I am Sirone who attends Alpheas Magic School.”
Jess looked back at Sirone in amazement. For aristocrats, origin is a golden rope, but in some circumstances it becomes a fetter.
Since she was treated so badly at the port, there was no way that Sirone didn’t know about it. But why did he reveal his origin?
“student? No wonder. Are you saying that I was just distracted by the student subject? Hey, isn’t it? If I accuse the school, you will be finished that day. You will probably be kicked out.”
“If you want to file a complaint, do so.”
Falcoa’s eyebrows twitched at the unexpected reaction.
“It doesn’t matter whether it’s discipline or expulsion. Because that won’t dictate my life. Of course, school is an important place for me. But there are plenty of things more important than that. And Amy… … .”
Sirone glared at Falcoa and continued.
“It takes precedence over all priorities set by me.”
Amy blinked. The quickening speed of her eyelids seemed to indicate her heart rate.
“It’s okay to receive any kind of punishment. If you want to sue, do it. But Amy won’t stay here even for a second. If you bring my friend to such a filthy place one more time, then I will really smash it.”
With a squeak, Lian’s straight sword came out with the sound of water. The fact that a sword the height of an average person extended forward was overwhelming.
“As expected, sirone. Because my eyes weren’t wrong.”
Rian realized why the sword had not been drawn willingly until now. Just as a small crack breaks an iceberg, the minor stumbling block of discipline seems to have disturbed his convictions.
“You are right, Sirone. Putting your friends in danger because you’re afraid of discipline? You must be kidding. Ogent Lian has never lived like that for a moment.”
After Lian, Tess’s three swords were pulled out.
“Ho-ho-ho! The same goes for Elzaine Tess! We can’t leave the Shirone faction’s mascot, Amy, in a den of raw thugs like this!”
Lian looked back at Tess as if she was dumbfounded.
“Since when is sirone green onion?”
“Ahh, at times like this, let’s just move on. Anyway, I don’t notice.”
Tess, who fired at Lian, turned to Amy. She’s still lost in her thoughts, but her cheeks are more flushed than before.
A friendly smile crept across Tess’ lips.
‘That would be nice. Amy.’
Tess was also a woman, so I could guess her feelings.
To Sirone, Amy was not just a point looking down from an omniscient point of view. She is an irreplaceable friend. No, maybe she was something more.
Shirone, who pushed the men’s approach with force, walked towards Amy. Then he held out his hand and repeated his first words.
“Let’s go, Amy.”
Finishing her thoughts, Amy lifted her head and said.
“… … huh.”
When Amy stood up, Falcoa’s face flushed red. Clumps of gore came rushing in, making a commotion, and now they were going out on their own.
‘Has the world’s Falcoa fallen this far?’
It’s been five years since all the members of the organization hid on the island to avoid the continent’s pursuers. There was a lot of work, but everything was boring to him.
Thanks to that, my brain was soaked in drugs and my mind, which only knew blood, was oiled. But just five years ago, it was Falcoa who cut down countless people while crossing the continent.
At that time, he was a creature that exists to cut someone. Even if he was the captain, he couldn’t ignore Falcoa’s skills, and that’s why he was not banished until now.
“Hey, don’t you think you’ll be able to get out safely?”
Amy stopped and looked back at Falcoa.
“If you make a fuss here, you will be in trouble too. Underground guests are drug addicts and will be your biggest bankroll. If you want to sue, do so. But neither of us will stand still. Maybe this store will close.”
“Did you just believe in that and be fooled? I’m sorry, but no one on this island can touch me.”
“But inland, the story is different.”
Falcoa frowned and looked at Amy. Both of her eyes were burning red.
‘Hongan. It must have been Karmis.’
Falcoa knew the famous Karmis family on the continent. The ability to save a state at a specific point in time and restore it at any time.
No drug can make you addicted to it, and no drug can penetrate it. The Karmis family was not called invincible in the spirit world for nothing.
‘Did it mean that it was a fish that could not be caught from the beginning? That girl knows everything and followed it.’
Falcoa gnashed his teeth with an expressionless face.
If it was the Karmis family, it was the first rank in the aristocratic hierarchy, so if she put her hand to it, it wouldn’t be impossible for the fortress to collapse after five years of hard work.
The amount of money earned by distributing loops is enormous. Even the most distraught Falcoa was sensitive to money. Because you can’t buy loops without money.
“haha! Cheeky bitch. I will definitely repay you for this humiliation!”
“Do it if you can. But you’d better be careful the next time we meet. Now that this has happened, I’m thinking of not caring about school and having fun.”
Amy, who had clearly fired at Falcoa, returned to the arms of Sirone and the others.
“Sorry for worrying you. Let’s go now.”
Not wanting to stay here any longer, they quickly stepped up to the ground. Employees were watching at every corner, but no one stopped them.
As soon as I left the bar, I could feel the air change. Tess spread her arms and inhaled the night air.
“Whoa, it feels good. Thanks to Amy, we got the tour right. You went around the most famous royal palace on Galliante Island from the basement to the top.”
“ha ha ha! You’re right when you hear that. Besides, I went to the sandy beach, stopped by the port, and toured the commercial district, so I guess I’ve been to all but the historical sites?”
Amy was taken aback by Lian’s words.
“what? Have you been to your port?”
“huh. Because Sirone said it was quick to grab and ask the gang members. she ran like crazy If it wasn’t for the enthusiastic coachman, I would have missed it on time.”
Amy looked at Sirone. Then, when her eyes met, he slightly averted her gaze. I still haven’t had the courage to look at his face properly.
I remembered Sirone’s words I heard in the basement. He must have said the importance of friends without needing to misunderstand, but that was enough.
Why didn’t I know? When she fell off the cliff, she was the only person who called her name and held her hand.
Amy could be satisfied with realizing its meaning.
“Amy, I’m sorry I’m late. I’ll go back and talk to you. There was something special on the way.”
“Heh, I’m not even curious! Why should I listen to that?”
“Are you still not angry?”
The anger has already been resolved. But Amy, she thought, she’d rather be angry with her than she was.
“Let’s get this straight. Surely you’re not imagining anything strange about today’s work, are you? A prince on a white horse who saved the princess, something like that.”
“huh? It’s not?”
“Thank you for coming to help, but I was not caught, but followed for personal reasons. Even if you don’t help, those guys are no match for me.”
“haha! know. I’m class po and you’re a senior so who cares about whom?”
When Sirone readily agreed, Amy felt rather weak.
“Huh, what… … I just need to know It’s just like that.”
Tess grabbed her stomach and laughed. It felt like Amy had finally returned to her original Amy.
Lian shouted as she turned to the business district.
“hungry! Shall we buy a late-night snack on the way back?”
“Midnight Snack? good! i love it! Hurray!”
* * *
Jess was able to return home after midnight as he was cleaning out the tavern.
After being beaten, nervous, and even working, my body felt heavy, as if I had doubled my weight.
Even so, I was able to endure it thanks to the relief that the things I feared did not happen.
Amy escaped safely from Falcoa’s clutches. She, as well as herself, was not harmed in any way.
Since he did what he was told to do, there wouldn’t be any reason to beat even Falcoa.
‘If it wasn’t for him, I might have died.’
Amy’s face came to mind as clearly as the real thing.
Of all the women Gees had ever met, there was no woman as strong and beautiful as her. Why did such a great man try to help himself?
‘Sirone? He said he was also a commoner.’
Jess remembered everything Sirone said at the bar.
—————————————

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-135.txt
=============YYYYY=============
[135] What takes precedence (6)
At the time, I was too scared to intervene, but my heart was the same as Sirone’s.
Please enable JavaScript
But when Sirone reached out to Amy, and when Amy answered the call, Jess awoke from her dream.
He could never become Sirone himself.
“Sheesh, she pretends to be very cool even though she is a commoner.”
If I had just learned a little magic, I wouldn’t have felt jealous. When dealing with arrogant nobles, he sometimes thought that he was lucky to have been born as a commoner.
But Sirone was also a commoner. And he had the courage to give up something precious for his friend.
Jess remembered Amy’s sad smile in the carriage. Did Sirone know the meaning of that smile? No, she would never know. It was an inner feeling that he would have revealed because it was in front of himself, not with anyone.
Thinking about it made me sick again.
“shit! Are you a commoner? You can’t make any excuses! What kind of guys are there!”
Jis, who brushed off his frustration in front of the house, opened the door and entered. She saw that a candle was lit in the depths of the floor, and it seemed that her sister had been waiting all this time.
“Brother, why are you so late? You knew what had happened and were worried.”
“Yuna, why didn’t you sleep? How are you going to work tomorrow?”
“Then oppa didn’t even come in, so you want me to sleep? What happened?”
“no. It’s nothing. I was just busy, so the time passed like this.”
Jess knelt down in front of Yuna. It wasn’t because he was his younger sister, but he wasn’t a person to fall for anywhere. Besides, she was wise and kind-hearted, even if she hadn’t learned anything.
Yuna was the pride of Jess. That’s why she shouldn’t let her live a shabby life like hers. She didn’t want to be successful, but she was a child who could meet a good man and live a happy life.
“Why is your face so emaciated? Be honest. Even if everyone else can fool you, you can’t fool me. Or will you not cook me breakfast tomorrow?”
“ha ha ha! oops, be scared I just had a few things that hurt my pride. But I’m fine now.”
“Ugh, does his ego get hurt all the time? I can’t even eat it because it’s rotten. Anyway, wash it off first. The smell of sweat from oppa is no joke.”
Jess’ eyes became warm. Seeing her put her mind at ease. What if you’re not as great as others? If only Yuna was there, he would not be envious of anything in the world.
Jess hugged Yuna. The body odor of a family member who shared the same smell blew away the tiredness of a fearful day.
“Oh, the smell! What are you doing all of a sudden? Wash up first!”
“Wait a minute, Yuna. My brother will definitely become the ruler of the port.”
“tooth! is that still the sound? Who is the ruler of the port? If so, no one will find out.”
“haha! It doesn’t.”
Yuna smiled and hugged Jess. The truth is she didn’t hate the smell of sweat. She wouldn’t have shed a single drop of sweat for herself.
“I really hope that such a day will come. My brother will definitely be able to do it.”
“okay… … .”
Jess looked at the moonlight pouring through the window. The weather was perfect for night viewing.
Ancient Ruins (1)
Sirone and the others have been busy since dawn. The men cleaned the house while the women washed, and when the men entered the bathhouse, the women sat in front of mirrors to dry their hair and groom themselves.
After finishing the bath, Sirone and Lian looked into the women’s room and thought time had stopped. Because Amy and Tess were still doing something in front of the mirror.
Inevitably, the men ate breakfast first. It was dawn by the time I ate a simple meal with the food I bought in the city last night.
Only then did the women start choosing clothes, and the clothes changed every time they went in and out of the door.
Ryan thought Tess and Amy were testing him.
It was okay to change into other clothes because I didn’t like the clothes, and it was possible because I was a woman.
But what is the sign that you don’t like it, change into something else, and wear it again after a while? Are you really going to give it a try? Isn’t this an obvious challenge to test the viewer’s memory?
“Oh, just wear something. Are you going to catch a dragon? Why do you care so much about a piece of cloth that has no defense?”
Tess looked at Lian with eyes full of astonishment.
“Oh, really bad! We dress up more because you guys don’t pay attention to how you dress. Keep your mouth shut because everyone is saying good things to you.”
Amy came out wearing a light blue dress.
“Sirone, isn’t this strange?”
“No, it is pretty! Amy looks good no matter what she wears.”
“okay? Hmm.”
Amy didn’t really listen and went back to her room. Tess was just jealous of Amy.
“Please watch and learn from Sirone. Ugh, I hate it.”
Lian pursed her lips as Tess closed the door and went inside. What the hell is she doing to herself? Being honest about what was in your heart was a virtue and a source of pride for a prosecutor.
“Sirone, how do you come up with those words right away? Teach me too.”
“huh? It’s simple. You can’t say it’s weird no matter what you wear.”
“Hahahahaha!”
Lian fell backwards, grabbing her belly button.
11 am.
After changing, the women checked their backpacks. In preparation for an unexpected situation, I carefully packed emergency food, a knife, a compass and a rope.
Satisfied with her look in the mirror, Tess clenched her fists and shouted.
“it’s okay! Ready to explore ruins!”
“So, are you going to sleep now? Let’s leave tomorrow morning.”
Tess’ face turned red at Lian’s bony joke.
“How late am I? And Amy prepared it too.”
“Why is Amy suddenly appearing? What kind of hostage is Amy?”
“Then do you really think that an ignorant greatsword is suitable for flimsy street clothes? From a distance, it looks like a complete caveman! You need to know the fraction.”
Amy fulfilled her mission as a hostage.
“Rian, I’m sorry. Actually I’m late. Tess prepared faster than me.”
“haha! are you okay. Because Amy shows that she prepared for a long time.”
Tess’ eyes became ferocious like an axe.
“what? Then I’m not pretty at all?”
“Hmm, where… … .”
Ryan glanced over at Tess.
Well, I thought it was pretty from the beginning. Even when she wasn’t wearing any makeup, she was beautiful.
But today, it seemed like they put a lot of effort into it. Unlike usual, I sprayed perfume on it, so I could see how hard Lian, who had no aesthetic sense, was working hard.
“Yeah, what. It’s enough to say that it’s pretty.”
“huh?”
Tess’ mind, which had piled up words to reply to, was disarmed in an instant.
I never dreamed that the word pretty would come out of Rian’s mouth. Her face blushed, and the fact that her face blushed made her blush even more.
“My, I know I made it because I wanted to hear something like that! you idiot! primitive man!”
“okay. Okay, so please, let’s get out of here. When the sun goes down, you can’t even watch it.”
Ryan drove his friends outside. Thus, Sirone and the others were able to leave for the trip 5 hours after waking up.
Sirone’s first plan was to investigate the ruins alone with Amy. However, as his friends became closer than expected, it became impossible to move separately.
They grabbed one of the wagons lined up on the sandy beach and headed east.
It was quite a tedious journey as they had to go from the western end of the island to the eastern end. However, the four people chatting in the carriage did not notice the passage of time.
“uh? Guys, look over there!”
Sirone shouted, pointing out the window. Two kilometers from the driveway, I could see a densely forested mountain.
The mountain range continued like a camel’s hump, and according to what I heard, there was a Kergo ruins at the end of that mountain range.
“It’s a Toa mountain. I heard from my older brother that Galliant was originally a volcanic island. The lava that leaked out from the bottom of the sea hardened and became an island. It has been in a period of rest since a volcanic eruption occurred 500 years ago, but there is a possibility that it will be active again.
“I see. They say that the Kergo ruins were buried in volcanic ash and only half of them are exposed.”
“that’s right. The local government of Galliant proposed to restore the site, but it was rejected due to the opposition of the natives. If you go to the ruins, you can probably find out how much they were buried.”
“Why would you object? If you restore the ruins, wouldn’t it be good for the natives?”
“I don’t know. But there must be some circumstances. Maybe you have a secret you don’t want to reveal. The Galliant Autonomous Government has been on the island for less than 100 years.”
“If you think about it that way, there are quite a few secrets. It doesn’t seem like a really common tourist destination.”
“I guess so. Among the extant ruins, it is extremely rare that the natives directly manage them. The Kergo ruins are also historically valuable.”
Sirone looked at the mountain again based on Amy’s explanation.
The jungle of Toa Mountain belonged only to Kergoin. The Galliant government also said that it does not come close to the Aboriginal Territory.
Sirone suddenly felt eerie. Is it a mere illusion that you can feel the gaze of the wild from the depths of the mountain?
The carriage stopped one kilometer from the Kergo ruins. The coachman told me that the carriage could not be operated from here.
Sirone got off the carriage and looked around. I saw many shops. It seemed that there was an exclusive agreement between the Horse Association and the local trade association.
“what! I paid my money and rode in a carriage, why can’t I go? Then what to do with all this burden?”
A middle-aged man whose boat came out of the carriage that arrived after him got angry at the coachman. The wife and two daughters who got off the carriage were also full of displeasure.
“But carrier contracts do. There is a paid storage room for your luggage, so you can leave it there.”
“It’s like these day robbers! Does it make sense that you can’t go when the road is open like that? Don’t you think I’m going to get a dime out of here!”
“That is something we can’t help. sorry. Have a good trip then.”
The coachman treated him in a businesslike manner, as if it had happened only once or twice, and drove away.
In the end, the middle-aged man took his luggage in both hands and headed to the paid storage room. Then, when her daughters pointed to the snack shop, they left their luggage and bought them snacks.
Sirone did not look like a middle-aged person.
“If we had known in advance, we would have lessened the load.”
“Wouldn’t it matter? It doesn’t look like there will be a big danger in the tourist area, but it’s good to be prepared. After all, the purpose is to explore.”
Lian looked back at the middle-aged man walking away. Her daughters’ charms seemed to relieve her mood, and she burst into laughter as she headed toward the ruins.
“It looks modest, but I used my brain. If you’re a tourist, you can’t afford not to spend money.”
“That’s true, but you can’t necessarily see it as a gimmick. If the touristic commercial area is not activated, the natives will not be able to manage it.”
Nodding to Amy’s words, Sirone and the others started moving on foot.
It was a historically important report, but there were still many tourists. As we approached the historic site, the number gradually increased, and when we arrived at the tollgate, it was filled with people due to a bottleneck.
“Wow, see that over there? There are also people from other countries.”
“Because it is world famous. See the man standing in the arch over there? I think maybe aborigines.”
Sirone looked back at the direction Amy had pointed to. A man of medium height was guarding the entrance. His clothes were civilized, but his staring eyes were obviously wild.
Tess put on an inappropriately frightened expression.
“Oh, that looks scary. Didn’t you tattoo her face too?”
—————————————

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-136.txt
=============YYYYY=============
[136] Ancient Ruins (2)
“huh. You look really strong.”
“I know.”
Sirone and Amy agreed. It wasn’t just because he had a tattoo. Their keen senses sensed the powerlessness that was actually latent in the man’s figure.
But Ryan thought differently.
“Huh, just because you give your eyes strength doesn’t give you strength that you didn’t have before. There is no need to be afraid.”
Lian’s senses were lower than others. That’s why he couldn’t open the schema, but Sirone rather felt reassured by that appearance. In any fearful situation, Rian will honestly stand as a shield for his friends.
“good! The ruins exploration begins!”
After passing the toll booth, the full-scale investigation began.
The Kergo site was a temple dedicated to a god and had a square structure measuring 2 km from east to west and 2 km from north to south.
After crossing the 200-meter-long moat through the viaduct, a long transept was spread out, and it was possible to reach the central temple after passing another 500 meters along the worship road.
“Wow, that is really big. Is this really a building that was built thousands of years ago?”
“I heard from people earlier that it was buried in volcanic ash, so it’s only about this size, but it’s actually several times bigger.”
Sirone looked down at her feet. Since the volcanic eruption occurred 500 years ago, the volcanic ash must have formed below the surface.
Amy, who was leading the way, turned to Sirone and shouted.
“Sirone, what are you doing? I should also look around the central temple.”
Sirone didn’t answer. He was just engrossed in something with a faint smile.
Amy, puzzled, approached Sirone.
“what’s the matter? what’s the matter?”
“Amy, go into the Spirit Zone.”
“Spirit Zone? Why suddenly John?”
Realizing that moment, Amy slapped her palm.
“Ah, that’s right!”
Wizards can expand their senses with the Spirit Zone. If something was hidden under the ruins, there was no way it wouldn’t be synesthesia.
“okay. I’ll try.”
Amy entered the Spirit Zone. While exploring the underground with synesthesia, her eyebrows gradually began to narrow. After about 5 seconds, she finally released her zone as if she realized something.
“Sirone, this… … .”
“huh. nothing caught At least there will be bedrock, but nothing gets caught.”
“Isn’t it because the layer of volcanic ash is thick? How about going very deep?”
It was hard because I couldn’t do it. But she thought for a moment, and Shirone noticed her and shouted.
“Aha, there was a way.”
Amy could do it. It was because her talent was the target type with the longest range among her four ways.
The target type is also called the cross zone, and the wizard is located at the intersection of the two lines and quickly rotates it to hit a specific target quickly.
But it didn’t end there.
Amy, who entered her senior year, developed her target type into sniper mode while choosing her major.
The sniper mode, in which the shape of the spirit zone was perfectly straight, was characterized by the wizard being located at the end of the zone to enhance the flight distance.
This form is called a directional zone, and although the rotation of the zone is slow, it was able to produce a range at least four times longer than the target type.
Even if you expand the radius of the zone to only 500 meters in diameter, it is over 1 kilometer in the target type. From there, if you enter sniper mode again, you will be able to hit a target as far as 4 kilometers away.
Currently, Amy’s default radius is 68 meters in diameter. When switched to target type, it was 143 meters, and when it entered sniper mode, it exceeded 500 meters.
“Okay, I’ll try.”
Amy entered the zone at the same time as the sequence ceremony. The four-way transformation took place at high speed and stood tall as a cross with its axis inclined at 90 degrees.
‘Sniper Mode!’
Amy’s john started digging down like it was pouring down. A moan leaked through her clenched teeth.
As the zone lengthens, durability inevitably weakens. It wouldn’t be a problem if there were no obstacles in the way, but John was bent back and forth, confused about how the ground had formed and eaten.
Amy infiltrated even more desperately.
And the moment I thought I had touched something for the first time, John was shattered and my consciousness was shaken.
“omg! omg!”
“Amy! are you okay?”
Sirone hurriedly helped Amy. Cold sweat broke out on her forehead.
“are you okay. this must be hard I’ve penetrated up to 300 meters, but it’s impossible below that. From there, just float like throwing a thread into some kind of sea.”
Sirone could guess how powerful the force was at work. Amy’s John is by no means weak in durability. She was comparing her own zone to her frail thread.
“But you figured out that something was there. That alone is great.”
“If it is a success, it will be a success. But that’s not enough. A person who can expand the zone while maintaining durability. Unless you are at least a high-level zoner, it will be impossible to navigate to the Spirit Zone.”
Sirone felt that if it was not at that level, he would not have dared to explore the underground of the ruins.
“If I knew it would be like this, I would tell Ares. If it’s the extent of the expedition that my brother belongs to, there will be a Joner who can explore this place.”
“Or ask Teacher Etella.”
Like a monk, Ethella was a Joner who specialized in durability. He was the right person to explore this terrain.
“If it’s Etella-sensei, it might be possible. I don’t know how deep it is, but I’ll easily pierce the place I’ve reached.”
Lian interrupted.
“But if that’s the case, then we don’t have to investigate, right? I heard that the principal gave a hint. Wouldn’t his words also imply that you should find out for yourself?”
Sirone and Amy looked back at each other and kept their mouths shut. There were times when I forgot the meaning like this if I only looked at efficiency.
Amy admitted frankly.
“Lian is right. But it’s too precious. There is no need to investigate the ruins as long as you drill here. Why don’t you just keep thinking this way?”
Sirone understood Amy’s feelings. She went on a journey to find her hints about the labyrinth, not to explore her ruins.
“First, let’s try several things. It’s not something you can do right now. This makes me more curious. Now I think I will be satisfied to see it with my own eyes.”
Leaving only a vague imagination of the underground, Sirone and the others continued their exploration.
However, the Kergo ruins were really just a common tourist destination.
As if mocking those who were seriously investigating, the men were chatting and the children were running around turning pinwheels.
“Amy, are we working hard?”
“Don’t ask. Because I’m feeling self-defeating right now.”
After touring the last route, the central temple, the group eventually stopped investigating. Nothing unusual could be found in the ruins on the ground.
“I don’t get it. The headmaster said he would find out when he got here. But what does a ruin from thousands of years ago have to do with a maze?”
“Anyway, there must be something underground. After all, shouldn’t we have no choice but to search through the Spirit Zone?”
Ryan’s eyes lit up as if he had remembered something.
“I have a good idea. If you can’t penetrate the spirit zone, how about digging into the ground yourself? Maybe something will come out eventually?”
Sirone and Amy looked at Lian as if they were bewildered, then resumed their conversation.
“How about getting in touch with the natives? I live with the locals, so there will be people who can speak the common language.”
“Hmm, that’s right. But I don’t think such people know anything important. I’d rather have an interpreter… … .”
Lian screamed in agony.
“hey! Why don’t you answer me? Let’s dig!”
Tess intervened.
“You idiot, how do you put a shovel in a ruin that even the self-governing government can’t touch? If you do that, you will receive a heavy punishment for damaging cultural heritage.”
After scolding Lian, she turned to Sirone.
“What are you going to do now?”
“I don’t know. Investigation is the best, but I think it will be difficult right now. I need to find an interpreter and I need a tribunal pass.”
“okay? Then, I have a method I can try right away, but would you like to hear it?”
“Oh, really? tell me! What is it?”
Lian said with a hateful expression, as if he couldn’t be embarrassed alone.
“You’re not talking about secretly digging, are you?”
Tess desperately suppressed her anger and continued.
“… … anyway. Here’s how I thought. While you paid attention to the ruins, I took a look around the other side. But there is one peculiar thing.”
“What is unusual? what is that?”
Tess scanned the surroundings with her gaze.
“Look closely at the people. Most are tourists, but there are a few that are not. The ones who walk in groups, are armed, and don’t care much about ruins.”
The three looked around. Certainly it was. There were obviously not many, but armed men were walking around.
“aha! I see!”
“Yes, they are mercenaries. Why are mercenaries roaming around tourist attractions? Some of them look quite strong. After all, there is something in these ruins.”
“And the mercenaries know that?”
“That’s right. After all, contacting the natives takes time, and they might not talk to you, right? But mercenaries are different. Because the fact that you are here means you know something.”
Sirone admired Tess’ keen eye. While others were concentrating on the ruins, she was alone observing her external situation.
If you knew Tess’s origins, it was natural. The Elzain family has historically produced numerous commanders and diplomats. But their true strength lies elsewhere.
It was Ganja.
Of course, from the point of view of the enemy country, it was a spy, but the information that infiltrated and sent to countries around the world was making a huge contribution to the diplomatic strategy of the kingdom of Tormia.
‘Definitely a good idea. No, that’s the only thought right now.’
Sirone decided to adopt Tess’ strategy.
“good. Then, can I follow the mercenary from now on?”
“tailing? Hmmm, to be honest, I’m not sure. Getting caught by a high-level mercenary is a headache. In particular, if it is a sensory system schema, it should be seen that it is unconditionally caught. If I follow myself, I can do anything.”
“There is such a problem. I don’t even know how to hide my presence. What then?”
“Whoa, do I really need to go looking for it? If it’s a mercenary, there’s a place where it’s spread out, right?”
“huh? is there such a place? Where are you?”
Tess winked and pointed somewhere.
“Do you want to have a drink or something?”
* * *
Several shops made out of shacks lined the inner southwest wall of the site.
It was in order of restaurants, bars, and side dishes. Compared to general stores, the scale was shabby, but the earnings were much better.
It is located inside the historic site, and even the price was expensive, but people still found this place as one of the advantages of being comfortable.
Sirone and the others entered the bar. I wonder how many people would have a drink in broad daylight, but all but two tables were occupied.
Sirone and the others chose a corner. Amy sat next to Sirone, and Lian and Tess sat across from him.
“Are you going to drink?”
“Should I do it? Because it’s a place that sells alcohol. But let’s eat mostly snacks. We’d better settle for lunch here.”
Tess ordered. Hot noodles and minced meat came out along with Galliante Island’s traditional liquor.
The four people who had a poor breakfast stopped talking for a while and focused on eating.
At that moment, a giggling sound was heard from the side. At first, I tried not to care, but I couldn’t help but cry as the annoying ridicule continued.
—————————————

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-137.txt
=============YYYYY=============
[137] Ancient Ruins (3)
“Those kids, are you laughing at us right now?”
Please enable JavaScript
“it’s okay. don’t turn your head I’m doing that because I’m drunk.”
Tess patted Lian on the leg to calm her down. It was common for mercenaries to fight in a bar, but as a job was a job, it rarely ended well.
“They still haven’t responded. I hope it’s not that I can’t hear it. I’m laughing at you, you idiots.”
“Look at that son of a bitch. Are you stupidly big? The size of the woman next to her is no joke. I won’t tell you where. Fuhahaha!”
Ryan clenched his fists. He would tolerate insulting himself, but he could not forgive her friend for mocking her.
Then Tess grabbed Lian’s wrist. If left alone, he was ready to turn the table over.
While eating noodles, Sirone searched for memories.
When I came in, there were four mercenaries sitting at the table over there. Three men, one woman. Archers seemed to be included, and the woman was most likely a wizard, judging from the fact that she had no weapons.
‘Mage to archer. It’s a pretty solid group.’
The mockery of the mercenaries continued without a break.
“That blonde hair, now you pretend to eat? please look back I’m getting ready to blow the bottle. Are you in a bad mood today? That’s why I’m doing it to see some blood.”
“Aw, stop. Do you enjoy teasing kids?”
The woman tried to stop, but the truth was not contained. It seemed that he preferred to enjoy it this way rather than ridicule it openly.
“Hey, little kids. Don’t you have the courage to fight? Aren’t you ashamed to look at women? They probably went around bragging about how strong they were.”
“hello? Can you hear me? Answer me if you hear it, or would you like to go there yourself?”
Ryan couldn’t contain his anger. He knows it’s part of the operation, but he doesn’t want to put up with this insult.
But Lian couldn’t move in the end. It was because his eyes met with Sirone, who was looking at him with a calm expression.
‘Sirone… … .’
Sirone, who was bound by a knight’s oath, doesn’t say anything. If he couldn’t endure even this level of humiliation, he would rather disgrace Sirone’s face.
‘Yes, this is also practice. I participated in this trip as a trainee knight. Rather, it gave me a good opportunity to test myself.’
As soon as I made up my mind, I felt like I could endure it like a lie. Lian was able to think about the meaninglessness of words once again.
After about 10 minutes, the mercenaries prepared to leave. They thought they had won a complete victory. They were the perfect snacks for a drinking party.
“Geuk, it’s the first time I’ve seen such servile people living and living.”
“Ugh, that’s okay. They were weak kids, so of course they must have been scared. Aren’t you pitiful?”
“hey! I wish you because it might not be right. live like that for the rest of your life You will live a long life.”
The mercenaries paid for the drinks and disappeared. Then, the owner of the store, who had been ignorant until now, ran to the table.
“Are you all right? bad guys in the world. To say abusive words against innocent kids.”
“Do you know those people?”
“I come often lately. Drinking and rambling on people like you who don’t want to fight. I want to tell you not to come, but you don’t know what harm will happen if that happens. Anyway, you’ve held up well In times like these, patience wins.”
Sirone’s eyes lit up. If there wasn’t something in the ruins, there was no way a party with a mage would come.
Tess comforted Lian. Honest, they didn’t have the ability to deceive themselves like Sirone. It was literally a situation that I endured with kkang.
“Nice job, Lian. I was so nervous that I might have an accident.”
“It was dangerous. But will we meet again anyway? Didn’t you put up with it for that?”
“that’s right. Let us also depart.”
Sirone stood up and said. When I paid for the drink and left the store, the mercenaries were walking toward the central temple.
Instead of following, Sirone and the others chose to watch from a high place. Since most of the archer’s schema builds are sensory, there was a high chance that they would be caught if they tried to close the distance.
Cirone went up to the 4th floor of the temple building and inspected the mercenaries. Surprisingly, it was a young party made up of people under 30.
The swordsman with a slim figure seemed to be the leader. The sword worn around his waist was a steel sword with high recognition, enough that Tess could recall the name of the craftsman just by looking at the design.
Beside him was a giant with a blunt weapon, followed by a man with long hair and a woman in a robe in the back row.
“Two warriors. One of them is a prosecutor. One archer, one mage. I can sort it out like this. Even though it’s a tourist destination, it’s lined up. It’s a party with a lot of practical experience. I think not following him was the right decision.”
The mercenaries walked to the tiered altar to the east of the central temple. Sirone remembered that place. Unusually, it was a place where I thought it was strange because the natives were guarding it.
Among the mercenaries who approached the natives, the archer gesticulated and spoke. He probably spoke the Kergo language.
The native looked around bluntly. It was clear that he cared about people’s attention. Sirone and the others realized that now was the right time and went down the stairs.
When the native activated the device, a rectangular crack opened in the altar and was pushed inside. As the thick stone gate moved to the side, an entrance covered with a dark barrier appeared.
“Wait! We will go in too!”
The mercenaries who were moving their steps looked back with firm expressions. But the tension quickly dissipated and irritation set in. The kids who were bullying at the bar were coming running.
“what? When did you guys follow me?”
“Mister, can we go in together?”
“Go away! This is where we found it! Do you know where this is?”
“Don’t do that… … !”
The moment Sirone pleaded again, the leader drew his sword. It can’t be said that the speed of the launching sword was fast, but after countless repetitions, the naturalness that was acquired by the body was outstanding.
“You wanna die? Do we look good? If it doesn’t go out, I’ll cut everyone’s throat here.”
Unlike before, Sirone did not back down. At his bar, he couldn’t even turn his head, but now they were looking straight in the eye. The contrast effect made the leader uncomfortable.
“These children… … !”
said the native guarding the altar.
“Are you together?”
The leader gave up his life and looked back at the archer. The only person who could interpret was the archer.
“What is this child saying?”
“I’m asking if you’re with me?”
“joy! what is the group I’ll take care of it now, so please wait.”
When the archer conveyed the leader’s words, the eyes of the natives widened. He spoke in an overbearing tone, as if he had been insulted.
“Warriors do not fight anywhere. Anyone who disturbs the sacred altar with blood will never set foot here.”
The archer licked his lips and translated.
“I think you better quit. They say they won’t let you in if you fight here.”
“Sheesh! lucky kids. You saved your life twice.”
As if the leader didn’t want to care anymore, he mounted the sword and entered the altar at the same time. Then the other party followed and entered the dark door.
Sirone and the others held their place for a while. If they went in together, there would have been no problem, but the situation was like this, and the sharp eyes of the natives were bothered.
“If you want to be tested, come in. The eyes of an angel will watch over you.”
“What is this person saying?”
“well. Since you’ve come, I think you’re telling me to play comfortably? If I had intended to kick them out, I would have closed the door.”
Sirone noticed and moved on. He received no reaction from the natives. Only then did the four of them, convinced, entered the door as dark as the abyss.
Eight people disappeared in an instant, but no tourist knew about it.
Labyrinth construction (1)
Upon entering the altar, Sirone inspected the structure. Contrary to what it looked like from the outside, it was not dark inside because the torches were on.
A square hole was sunk into the ground, and along the inner wall a staircase descended in a right-angled spiral.
Looking down, I saw a group of mercenaries who had already circled the helix twice.
Sirone walked quickly. Maybe he had a second gateway, so it was not good for him to distance himself from the mercenaries.
Eventually, a group of eight people came down the stairs.
The leader was annoyed at the kids who got on the free ride on the information he bought with a huge amount of money.
However, fulfilling the purpose of coming here was the first priority, so I put aside the thought of fighting for a while.
The archer in charge of the back end of the mercenary party asked Sirone, who was following him.
“Are you sane? Why do things without blood on their heads come and go in places like this?”
“Then why did you come here?”
“What, did you follow me without knowing anything?”
“yes. I don’t know.”
The archer looked at Sirone in bewilderment. I thought maybe it could be. It was an open secret that a hidden door existed in the ruins.
Something exists beneath the ruins. But don’t know what it is. This was the limit that ordinary people interested in historic sites could think of.
“Since I came in anyway, can you tell me? Why did you come here?”
The archer wondered what to do. I ran through the information market until my feet were sweating to find the hidden door.
In addition, the password had a high level of information, so he had to pay up to 20 gold.
However, as long as it has already passed through the door, the value of the information has been lost.
The archer thought that far and said with his eyes shining.
“How about this? The fact that you guys entered the door means that you broke through a high-security password. In terms of money, it would be well worth about 100 gold. So, I will sell you information. For 5 gold per question. how is it?”
“are you okay. You’ll find out when you go down anyway.”
When Sirone said it without thinking, the archer’s enthusiasm went up. I felt like I was ridiculed by a child for making money or not.
‘Such a foolish little boy… … !’
At that moment, the leader stopped walking. When the leader stopped, the people following slowed down in order.
“No, that sounds good. Do you know how hard we struggled to find our way? If you try to swallow it raw, you can’t. If you want to get down here, pay us.”
Sirone looked back at Amy. She shrugged her shoulders, nodded her head approvingly, and spoke to her leader.
“Then I won’t go down. We’ll be here, so go down and work.”
“Such a dog… … !”
The leader unknowingly burst into tears.
I should have recognized it when I couldn’t even turn my head at the bar. It would be a case like this that the corrupt things lived only in the mouth.
“But if it’s 1 gold per question, I’m willing to accept the deal.”
“huh? 1 gold?”
The leader’s mind spun quickly. You can’t get your money’s worth from them anyway. If so, wouldn’t it be beneficial to earn even a few gold?
“good. 1 gold per question. Pay 1 gold first.”
Sirone rummaged through the bag of gold coins and took out 1 gold. He could have done his research separately away from the mercenaries, but his friends respected Sirone’s judgment.
Sirone thought that this situation was worth 1 gold. I have no idea what might be underground. He thought that if he could prepare in advance with 1 gold, he would never lose.
For example, if there is a danger that only mercenaries know about, if they fall into a trap, you will be left without a move. However, after listening to the explanation, I was able to roughly predict the danger and difficulty of the underground.
“Why did you come here?”
There was room for fabrication if asked too broad a question, so Sirone got down to the nitty gritty.
—————————————

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-138.txt
=============YYYYY=============
[138] Labyrinth space-time (2)
However, the leader was also not an easy opponent.
Please enable JavaScript
“I came to meet the natives. okay?”
“That could be an answer, but you have to explain. It’s a breach of contract. If it’s like this, I won’t ask anymore.”
The leader wanted to be sorry. He was only thinking about raising Sirone, but he ended the business too early.
The quick-witted sorceress explained further.
“We don’t know anything other than that. Because I really came to see the natives.”
“okay.”
Sirone looked back at his friends and nodded. If they didn’t know what was underground, the danger of falling into a trap was gone.
Thinking it was a decent business, Sirone took out 1 more gold.
“Why did you come to meet the natives? 1 gold here.”
The archer who received the money smacked his lips as if in conflict. To be honest, it was embarrassing to tell others.
“To save Loop. It is also distributed in the market, but you can buy it in bulk here at a much cheaper price. I’m thinking of selling it to fund my adventure. Now, is this an answer?”
Sirone was shocked for a moment. It was a place of loop trafficking that had nothing to do with the secrets of the ruins.
However, the mercenaries also found this place with only fragmentary information, so it was too early to conclude.
‘How did this happen? Is it completely different from what I expected? A place that sells drugs? No, you shouldn’t think like that. It is a drug to the common people, but a ritual tool to the natives. Therefore, it must be a sacred object. That means in the end… … .’
After thinking about it, Sirone asked.
“Isn’t this the passage connected to the Aboriginal Autonomous District?”
“what? how do you… … Oops!”
Realizing his mistake, the archer frowned. He answered without taking any money.
Then Sirone rummaged through his pocket and pulled out 1 gold. He was in a hurry to ask, but he had no intention of playing his trick.
“Ah, here is 1 gold. Sorry for asking first.”
The archer stared at Sirone’s outstretched hand.
Of course, 1 gold was not easy to earn, but it was not an amount that would terrify a mercenary who had built his own career.
“Sheesh! it’s okay. Because I made a mistake.”
“It is not a mistake. That’s what a contract is.”
“know! It’s just that I can’t accept it because my pride is hurt. Damn, I can’t believe I made this mistake. Because I am still far away.”
“Then I’ll assume the last question was service.”
Sirone inserted the gold coin without hesitation. It is not the attitude of a sound student to waste it for nothing when they say they will not accept it.
The archer was in trouble for no reason. At some point, I felt that I was being swayed by a child the size of a chestnut tree.
“Instead, let me ask you something. how did you find out In fact, its content is top secret.”
“Because loops are sacred to the natives. Besides, if the margin is huge enough to raise a lot of money by selling loops, it won’t be loosely released. After all, among the natives, permission from someone with authority is required, and of course there is only an autonomous district where there is such a person.”
The archer had nothing to say. While wondering if there was anything worthwhile to do with money, what I found was the Kergo Ruins.
Sirone’s short words contained all the conclusions he had reached after spending several days and nights researching loops and searching the information market.
“Sheesh! One hair is amazing. Any more questions?”
“No, no. Now let’s go down and check.”
The archer smiled bitterly. I guessed why Sirone didn’t ask questions. He probably noticed that no matter what he asked, he had nothing more to say.
Sirone and the others went down for 20 minutes. Although it spiraled, it was still of great depth.
When we reached the end of the stairs, a single corridor continued. Two natives were standing at the iron gate installed 10 meters in front.
Unlike the natives outside, the upper body was exposed, and bare feet were visible under the pants.
The tattoo, which started at the navel, branched and continued up to the face, and it was frightening to see from a distance.
Sirone thought that this place would not be an autonomous district. You’ll have to walk at least a few kilometers to get into the Toa Mountain jungle.
The mercenaries were also nervous. The interpreter, the archer, took a seat next to the leader.
After exchanging a few words of code in the Kergo language, the native flipped the switch.
As the wheel made of iron turned, the door opened to the left and right.
“wow… … .”
Sirone’s eyes lit up as if he had landed in an unfamiliar world.
It was an octagonal room with stone walls. On the other side of the entrance, you can see an iron gate, and three men are guarding it.
In the center was an octagonal altar, identical to the shape of the room, laid flat, with spheres about thirty centimeters in diameter floating above the eight corners.
Sirone recalled the memory. It was a sphere that I had definitely seen before.
“Oh, what about that?”
The archer looked back at Sirone as if wondering. I didn’t even know what it was until I came here, and the odds of something familiar were extremely slim.
“what’s the matter? Do you know what that is?”
“That’s definitely a labyrinth… … .”
The leader licked his lips.
“Hey, what are you pretending to know? Why did you even think of the double bell hanging from your lower leg?”
The leader didn’t like Sirone from the bar. She didn’t even have the courage to fight, but she hated people who would force their necks in front of women. Because he had no woman to support his neck.
“maze? Did you just say maze?”
A native guarding the entrance asked. Even Sirone, who did not know the language, could understand the word Miro.
The archer, who was curious about the situation, added an interpreter as if patronizing.
“You ask if you know the maze?”
“yes. I have met you once.”
When the archer said yes, the native’s eyes twisted. As the tattoo bent, it was like seeing a goblin from a legend.
“You met? There can be no such thing. That is a lie.”
“no. I met you for real.”
The native is deep in thought. However, as if he came to a simple conclusion, he quickly returned to a relaxed expression.
“I don’t judge anything. Only the eyes of an angel will watch over you.”
After leaving behind incomprehensible words and closing the iron door, Sirone put aside her regret and turned around. I thought it was a start anyway.
As the mercenaries walked to the center, a native came from the other side of the iron gate.
Apparently, two of the three natives were gatekeepers, and only the man approaching seemed to have a different role.
You could tell just by looking at the color of the tattoo. While normal Kergoins have red tattoos, this man’s tattoos were white.
“This is a room of achievement and sacrifice. The eight eyes of an angel will judge you. To enter Kergo, you must pass through the time-space of the labyrinth.”
Upon hearing the word maze, Sirone hurriedly turned her head. But the archer kept his mouth shut, as if he had no intention of interpreting any more.
“maze? You just said it was a maze, right? What is that person saying?”
“Hey, don’t get me wrong. I’m not your interpreter, so why do I have to teach you?”
“You’re going to tell your colleagues anyway. tell me quickly.”
“no. Let’s not worry about each other from now on. We are here because we have work to do.”
The man with the white tattoo crossed his arms and stared at them. It was clear that Sirone was asking for an interpreter just by his hand gestures.
“Have any of you learned the ancient language?”
“Oh, I can do a little bit.”
“Then translate. Opportunities are equal for all. The eyes of an angel watch over everything in the labyrinth of time and space.”
“Why should I? These are not our group. I don’t know what you’re judging, but please separate them.”
“no. From the moment you enter the room of achievement and sacrifice, you are one. Will you achieve or sacrifice? That’s all you have a choice.”
“shit! I was caught unlucky. What are you going to do with these kids?”
As the conversation got longer, the wizard pressed on.
“What are you talking about? Please speak quickly.”
Unable to do anything, the archer relayed the story he had heard so far.
The mercenaries who heard everything were irritated. Had I known this was going to happen, I should have somehow left Sirone and the others behind.
“The eyes of an angel judge? Do you mean to evaluate your skills? Wrap it up and go with those kids? Isn’t this too disadvantageous for us?”
Amy’s eyes narrowed as the wizard complained.
“Hey, they keep saying we’re kids, how do we know if we have any skills or not?”
“Ho-ho-ho! Oh, so what? Aren’t you planning on blaming us because you didn’t get a free ride? To be clear, if you mess things up because of you, you better be prepared.”
“joy! Do whatever you want. Because I have no intention of being with you anyway.”
The wizard smiled coldly. Who is he? He was one of the rookies in the limelight as budding wizards in the mercenary world.
He didn’t get along with inferior mercenaries at all, so his colleagues were only made up of people of similar age and level.
On the other hand, it was clear that those ignorant children were students who learned swordsmanship and magic somewhere.
There was a huge difference between what I learned in school and what I practiced. He was a mercenary who had to throw his life easily, and he could be confident that he would not be pushed back even if compared to a certified wizard.
‘Hey, let’s see, kids. If you get past this, I’ll make you cry while praying.’
Anyway, thanks to the women’s spirit fight, I was able to bury the minor emotions.
As the eight of them looked back while waiting for the next one, the man with the white tattoo began to explain.
“There are two conditions for crossing the gate. You can prove your ability or send one person through the sacrifice of one person.”
As soon as he heard the interpretation, Sirone asked a question.
“What do you mean prove? What specifically do you prove?”
“hey! Don’t keep interfering! They don’t translate!”
“They say we have to do it together. Just ask me quickly.”
The archer, who had nothing to say, gnashed his teeth and translated. The man in white nodded and added his words.
“Descendant of the warrior, go up to the altar of judgment and play your chess on one of the eight marbles. God’s language will answer. Fail if red light flashes. If you see a white light, you have passed.”
Sirone continued to ask questions. He seemed to have hired Archer as his personal interpreter.
“Is there a limit on the number of entries? For example, how many times can one person try?”
“It doesn’t matter until you run out of strength. If a passer comes out, everyone can go to Kergo. If no one passes, you have to go back. This is the will of the labyrinth and the mission of Kergoin.”
“You said achievement and sacrifice. So what is sacrifice?”
“One person can pass through with one person’s blood.”
“You mean you have to die?”
“Yes.”
After hearing that, Sirone was lost in thought. You can take on any number of challenges, and even if only one person succeeds, everyone can pass.
But what if no successful applicants come out? I had no choice but to pass through the door at the sacrifice of my colleagues. It was one for each person’s life.
‘Something is strange. Was it necessary to go to Kergo with such cruelty? It doesn’t make sense to kill a comrade simply to save Loop. There’s something more to Kergo. After all, the mercenaries also came here without knowing the real secret of this underground.’
Sirone beckoned to translate again. The information collected so far was useful, so the archer agreed without a word.
“Are there limits to sacrifice? So either bring in someone else from outside or use the body of someone who has already died.”
“no. The moment you enter the room, you are one. The door never opens until everyone agrees. Therefore, such questions are meaningless.”
—————————————

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-139.txt
=============YYYYY=============
[139] Labyrinth space-time (3)
Sirone realized the situation. It was a more restrictive and dangerous rule than expected. It was because it was much more difficult than I thought to unite the majority of opinions.
I don’t know what was in the Kergo, but if there was something worth risking my life for, there was a possibility of infighting.
“what? Was it that simple? How about this? We’ll take care of the four kids and we’ll go in. I never knew there was such an easy way.”
The leader looked back at Sirone and pursed his lips. Her eyes were looking forward to seeing her terrified figure, but Sirone was just pathetic.
After hearing the rules, it was the right way to cooperate even if you don’t like it from now on.
A leader who puts emotions first could not only destroy the organization but also endanger the lives of his colleagues.
‘This person doesn’t deserve to be a leader. Other people seem to be halfway there.’
As expected, my colleagues stopped me. If you achieve achievement, you can pass unconditionally, so considering sacrifice was a later issue.
“it’s okay. Let’s start slowly How long will you be here?”
“Sheesh! Be lucky, kid.”
The man with the white tattoo headed to the side of the altar. And he crossed his arms where he could see all eight spheres.
“My explanation ends here. Come out one by one and prove your abilities.”
Sirone party and the mercenary group exchanged glances with each other. It was to calculate who had the advantage of starting first.
The leader pulled out an iron sword and pointed it at Sirone.
“Hey, you guys do it first. Of course, we don’t expect it, but we should do our best so that we can get a feel for it. then you never know I will take you to Kergo.”
“I don’t like it. Why do you arbitrarily decide that?”
“What is it? I mean, I really don’t like you! I’ll kill you right now! Kill you and go in?”
“You keep causing trouble. From now on, we need to unite our opinions. Didn’t you hear that if even one person refuses, you can’t leave? There is no limit to the number of times, but a handicap may be applied to the person who tries, and a trap such as anti-magic may be triggered. Since it is the first time for everyone, we have to judge carefully and decide the order.”
“This, this cheeky little boy… … !”
The leader was about to lose his temper. I hated the way he talked back bluntly, but the fact that he couldn’t refute was the most annoying.
But the sorceress had a different idea. Of course, there may not be any restrictions, but it was good to consider all conceivable variables unless you have been to the future.
“That kid is right. Let’s set the order. Then how should I decide?”
Sirone looked back at the space-time of the labyrinth at the altar. Having experienced a phenomenon called a spot, he was able to roughly predict what the current situation would be like.
“That sphere could probably absorb near-infinite energy. It would be standard for the warriors to do it first, excluding the magicians with high firepower.”
“Does it have to be that violent? Why do you decide?”
“It is the best organ that a descendant of a warrior can prove. In addition, if you look at the altar, it has a structural characteristic of doing something to a set target. Therefore, it is reasonable to view it as a device made for the purpose of hitting.”
“I got it. Then let’s set the order. Shall we start with the inspection first?”
The wizard said and looked back at the leader. But he shook his head as if offended.
“No, I will do it later. What is that kid talking about knowing? It’s a simple game. You just have to go out there and beat it up.”
“Whoa, our leader is like this? What do you want to do?”
“That’s Okay. Then we will send you a test.”
Sirone looked back at the swordsman on her side. Both Ryan and Tess were prosecutors. But you could predict who would come out without seeing them.
After the first try, you can get quite a lot of information. It was such a heavy mission and a dangerous role, so there was no way Lian would send Tess first.
“I will do it first. Of course, it could end on my turn. ha ha ha!”
“Anyway, unfounded confidence. Be careful anyway. Stay alert.”
Supported by Tess, Lian looked around from the center of the altar.
It definitely felt different from when I saw it from the outside. The marbles on her arms all seemed to be glaring at her.
“hey! do it faster! Are you scared already?”
Lian couldn’t even hear the leader’s words. He knew what to do from the time Sirone pointed at him.
‘For example, I am the vanguard. I must get all the information I can get on my turn. Right, Sirone?’
Lian walked to the northern sphere. He was not as transparent as he seemed from afar. Shall we say that it is filled with a hazy fog?
“Hmm, you said there is no limit to the number of times, right?”
Putting his face on the sphere, Lian tapped it with the back of his hand. When she didn’t respond, she repeated, gradually increasing her strength.
At some point, the fog of the beads disappeared and the number 1 appeared on the transparent beads.
“uh? Is it a number?”
Sirone recalled the explanation she had heard from the man with the white tattoo.
“Ah, God’s language means numbers. Rian, just in case you don’t know, get away.”
Ryan calmly took a couple of steps back. Moments later, the sphere glowed red, illuminating the hall.
It meant inconsistent.
I wondered what would happen, but that was all. I watched for another 3 seconds, but nothing particularly threatening happened.
“Aha, if you see a white light, you’ve passed, right?”
After understanding the rules, Lian returned to the center of the altar and finally drew the straight sword.
When the size of the actual sword hidden by the giant Lian was revealed, the mercenaries were startled. If that was all iron, it was a weight that could not be lifted unless it was a schema.
“Rian! Hit it with all your might!”
Tess, somewhat relaxed, turned her arms around and cheered. It was a big achievement just to know that she didn’t harm anyone who tried.
“don’t worry. I will destroy it in one blow.”
Lian lowered his stance while holding the sword with both hands. Embarrassingly, my heart was pounding.
But isn’t it a perfect situation to start with the sword passed down from your grandfather? It’s an attack that uses both hands to swing wholeheartedly.
“Good! Then go!”
Rian charged at full speed and slashed the greatsword. Instead of the powerful roar that everyone expected, a round, low sound wave was heard.
The space-time of the maze was not shaken, and there was no reaction to it. It was impossible without absorbing all power.
“Oooh!”
Lian maintained the posture of striking down the space-time of the maze. He could clearly feel the energy draining from his whole body.
But more than that, I was curious about the number that would appear on the marble. Is it pass or fail?
The marble became transparent, revealing the number 241. Compared to the hitting power when the number 1 appeared, it seemed to have done quite well.
Unfortunately, however, the orb gave off a red light.
“Oh, what a waste! Sirone, can we do it one more time?”
Lian’s drug is up. At first, she thought it was okay just to explore, but when she was rejected, her stomach churned as if she had been ignored.
“are you okay? Your legs look loose.”
“Oh, this? It sucked all the power. It’s not dangerous because it doesn’t put too much strain on the body. You will recover in a little while.”
Sirone nodded at the new information.
“ah-ha, I see. It’s a handicap, but nothing serious. Hmm.”
“Anyway, I’m really pissed off. If I had only been able to do the schema, I would have been able to pass.
At Lian’s words, the warrior of the mercenary group burst into a hearty laugh.
“Puhahaha! Have you ever been lazy because you can’t even ski? This is ridiculous. Get out of the way, I’ll do it this time.”
When the warrior entered, Lian had no choice but to leave the altar. But even as she walked away, she was muttering ‘One more time.’
“Did 241 come out? Then should I aim for 2,000 or so?”
The warrior rolled up his sleeves and swung his main weapon, the flail. He also wore a hatchet at his waist, but seeing Lian’s attempt, a flail seemed to be an easy way to deliver a shock.
The warrior took a deep breath and stretched all the muscles in his body. It wasn’t that his muscle fibers had significantly thickened, but when those changes took place throughout his body, his size swelled noticeably.
“Tess, that person… … .”
“that’s right. I am a schema user. Probably riding a strength-enhancing build. Well, it’s a natural choice for a warrior.”
“Aaaaaaa! Goaaaaa!”
The warrior charged with a roar as loud as its size. Even so, the hand was rapidly spinning the flail.
It’s not a two-handed weapon, but if you add rotational power, you can produce destructive power comparable to that.
The warrior swung his flail down as if to kill the enemy of the world.
The action stopped with a low booming sound. Like Lian, the sense of deprivation of power paralyzed her whole body.
“Whoa! Whoa! it’s over! You got it right!”
The warrior took a deep breath and stepped back. The technology was gorgeous to look at, so the onlookers watched with anticipation.
The number 248 popped up.
“What, what? Nonsense! 248? Only 7 points higher than that kid? Isn’t this broken?”
Tess walked to the altar, assuming a sword pose.
“Do you know what a hole-in-the-wall toy is? Come down quickly! The red light is already on!”
“No, I can’t admit it! I’ll do it again just once, just once!”
“Okay, come out! Recover your stamina and challenge yourself or not!”
The warrior crumpled his face as if unfair and turned his body. She couldn’t understand at all.
Ever since I was young, I’ve never lost if it’s my strength. It’s 248 even with a strength-enhancing build.
“huh? wait for a sec.”
The warrior looked back at Lian as if it were absurd. Didn’t that kid say he couldn’t open the schema?
But 241 points. In other words, it was said that he had exerted the same power as himself a little while ago with only the strength of his body.
“What, what? Nonsense! You can’t ski, right? Are you lying?”
“Why are you lying about that? If you fail, let’s quietly wait for the next turn.”
Lian didn’t want to talk about it hesitantly at the point of being rejected. What she was interested in now was how far her friend Tess could go.
Tess stood in the center of the altar and drew her sword. There was a cool sound like sliding on ice. People were mesmerized by the graceful movement, like a textbook.
“Hmm.
“No, not necessarily. Absorb all power. When I hit the straight sword, I didn’t even feel the backlash. Maybe the sword won’t bend?”
“okay? Shall we stab it as hard as we can?”
“If you’re anxious, will you do it with my sword? It’s heavy, but you can handle it with a schema, right?”
Tess raised the blade and bent it with her fingers. The sword bounced off with a ting and vibrated rapidly like a hummingbird’s wings.
“No, I will try my swordsmanship. Honestly, this is pretty interesting.”
Tess walked to the end of the altar and stood in a position where she looked at the maze’s space-time obliquely.
Acceleration of concentration through schemas. There are no vital points in the beads, but the speed generated by compressing the body’s movement is completely converted into power.
Tess rushed in silence that was more frightening than spirited. Her perfect score on her balance test was, as befits her, an angle that made her nearly level with the ground.
The moment she arrived at the target, her body shook as if creating an afterimage, and a three-sword brushed through the ground rose as if flying.
The moment he stabbed the sphere with a perfect fante movement, he felt a flash of light explode at the tip of his sword.
Normal swordsmanship has maximum acceleration at the midpoint, but Tess’s swordsmanship, which focuses on stabbing, peaks at the ‘tip speed’ of the sword.
As these characteristics are maximized through the schema, the thrilling illusion of the eyes occurs.
—————————————

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-14.txt
=============YYYYY=============
Please enable JavaScript
Chapter 14
Suddenly, a loud voice from the second floor was heard.
“HAHAHA! Such a masterpiece! I didn’t expect to see this kind of a spectacle in my later years! Being young is indeed the best!”
The startled maids screamed, while the family members sighed as they looked behind.
There, an old man with blue hair stood, leaning against the balcony of the second floor.
Shirone stared absent-mindedly.
Even if Shirone were to consider this man as what Rian would eventually become, he couldn’t imagine Rian having muscles that looked like they were about to explode.
The old man was Rian’s grandfather, Klumph Ogent.
“Grandfather!”
Reina stood up with a look of happiness.
Considering Reina and Rian were definitely not enough to persuade the black-haired Lord, he came at the perfect time.
‘It’s all good now. If it’s grandfather…’
Turning a blind eye to his daughter’s expression, Bischoff asked.
“I see you’ve arrived, father. I heard from Reina that it should have taken a few more days.”
Chuckle!
“I came early because my friend ran away with a young maiden. Anyways, this place is as noisy as ever. As expected, youth is a fine thing.”
“It’s not exactly a good thing in this case. The face of our family has fallen to the ground.”
“Let’s not jump to conclusions here. I’ve been watching behind the scenes for a bit now, and it’s evident that everyone here has a lot they want to say. So, why don’t we decide after hearing each other’s opinions about whether we have lost face or not?”
Reina screamed inside, ‘Grandfather is the best!’
Although Klumph left the position as the Lord of the house to his son, his voice as a Grade 3 swordsman was still influential.
Reina gained courage and stood up.
“I’ll go first. Although I only met Shirone for the first time yesterday, I noticed he was a smart and talented child. Also, Shirone has completed all the contract requirements and was supposed to leave the house today. Given these circumstances, it’s quite difficult to say that Shirone approached Rian with particularly malevolent intentions. Furthermore, I do not believe his actions have tarnished the family’s reputation.”
With her attitude packed with conviction, she sat down proudly.
Though it was only now that the two opposing sides balanced, the tide still did not turn.
Compared to those with black hair, it could be said that the bonds shared between those with blue hair was stronger. So Klumph, who was a previous Lord, was fair.
Hence, Rai was given the floor to speak his opinion.
“What are your thoughts, my second grandson?”
Rai replied in a polite, frosty tone.
“I do not like that kid.”
The opinions of the servants were shaken once again by the remark of the family’s most promising prospect.
“But I don’t want to care anymore. This matter has nothing to do with me.”
Bischoff asked him.
“What do you mean? You say you dislike him, but you don’t want to be bothered anymore?”
“Exactly. I don’t like that kid. But with the only reason being that I dislike him, I don’t want to give false opinions. So I’m just speaking the truth. I don’t care because I don’t want to. I don’t care who Rian befirends, I simply want this matter to be done with so that we can head to the royal palace.”
Reina held her tongue.
Although he was her younger brother, he was egocentric to the core.
However, at least in this instance, his personality seemed to work in Rian’s favor.
Klumph giggled like a schoolgirl.
It amused him to see that his family members had their own unique personalities.
“Then to conclude, let’s hear the opinion of the deputy butler who must’ve observed the boy, Shirone, for the longest time.”
As Temuran took a step forward, Louis sent a sidelong glance towards him, warning him that he had to pick the correct side here.
What kind of words cannot be said between family members? But what was important to the servants was their masters’ thoughts and preferences.
“Shirone did the work I ordered him to do and he did it perfectly. ”
Louis’ forehead wrinkled.
‘You can’t even change up a few words or make up a lie. That’s why you can’t go higher and escape that position of yours as the deputy butler.’
“Did you know that they were friends?”
“I knew he was frequently hanging around with the youngest young master, but I did not know they were friends. But in my opinion, if he were such a child, I do not think he would have been able to sort those 10,000 books.”
Shirone’s eyes widened, as if surprised. He did not expect Temuran to speak of him that way. The head butler Louis stepped up.
“Are you taking sides now?”
There was anger in his voice, but Temuran shook his head calmly.
“No, I am also shocked that Shirone, a contract worker, managed to befriend the youngest young master. But as a deputy butler, I’m only telling the truth.”
This split the sides a bit.
Bischoff was the only one who insisted on punishing Shirone, and even he, who was the Lord, could not ignore the rest of the family’s opinion.
After all, he became the Lord for his family.
Rian let loose a breath as the tension left his body, and Shirone’s expression as well seemed a bit lighter.
“I cannot approve.”
Klumph made the final decision.
“Father.”
“Grandfather!”
Bischoff and Rian shouted at the same time, but the reason why they called out were polar opposites.
“I understand that they recognize each other as friends. But it ends now. If the relationship continues, rumors will eventually spread and this might become a weakness for the political opponents to snatch and use against us. It is not good for Rian’s future either. So just think that you guys built enough of those good memories together, and end the relationship here. I think that’s the right thing to do.”
On the one hand, Reina was disappointed with her grandfather. But on the other hand, she also understood why.
Family matters were important. In fact, they were more important than anything else.
The family members were still active on duty, and above all, Rai had his certified exam coming up.
It was their natural duty to get rid of any room for political strife.
‘He should be grateful that he even gets to keep his life!’
But Rian’s thinking was different.
Klumph responded with a bright smile to his youngest grandson, whose eyes burnt with hostility.
‘I see you’ve got pretty splendid energy, Rian’
Although he understood the feelings of his grandson, who was the apple of his eyes, a lot of lives were at stake.
No one objected to Klumph’s opinion. The decision seemed to have been made by the looks of it.
“Shirone, what do you think? I would like to thank you for teaching my naive grandson true friendship, but can you end it here? It’s hard for nobles and commoners to be friends.”
[Translator – Anwen]
[Proofreader – Enigami]
Come and read on our website wuxia worldsite. Thanks
Join our discord for updates on releases! dsc.gg/reapercomics
Shirone, who thought about it for a moment, spoke.
“I can’t do that.”
His unexpected answer shook not only Bischoff, but also Reina and Rai.
But the one who was the most taken aback was Rian.
“Sh-Shirone.”
“If I am a hindrance to Rian’s future, I don’t mind not seeing him ever again. But that doesn’t make him any less of a friend to me. If you take that into account, I’ll follow your orders.”
Rian’s eyes were filled with tears.
‘I’m ashamed.’
In the corner of his mind, he thought it was enough that Shirone was fortunate to not die.
‘I was the one who lacked faith in my friend.’
Shirone knew that abandoning a friend was equivalent to abandoning oneself.
‘It’s non-negotiable. Right, Shirone?’
Rian raised his sword high and shouted.
“I declare…”
Reina’s face was filled with anxiety.
‘Don’t do it.’
Rian was different from Shirone, when Rian became worked up, trouble always occurred.
And her uneasiness was proven correct.
Turning to Shirone, Rian stabbed his sword onto the floor before anyone could say anything.
Rian knelt on one knee as his family stared blankly at the sword that pierced the marble floor.
“I, Rian Ogent, the third son of the Ogent family, will become Shirone’s sword as of this time.”
“What?! You fool!”
Bischoff threw his image out the window as the Lord and shouted. Even if Rian really meant it, it wasn’t something that should be said at his young age.
With an absurd look, Reina asked him.
“Did you just take a knight’s oath?”
A knight’s oath.
It was an oath that could not be overturned and was a decision one could only make if they were resolved enough… Resolved enough to become a sword for the one they swore to.
Even in the noble society full of all sorts of slander, the reason why this oath was always kept was because honor was everything to a knight. The more honor a knight had, the longer their noble house could stand proud.
Once in a lifetime. Rian had made that frightening promise to Shirone.
Bischoff was speechless.
The moment one took the knight’s oath, it was impossible to withdraw it. Even if you don’t go through the entirety of it, the minute one withdraws it, they become someone respected less than a rabid dog.
“Rian, what in the world are you doing?”
Shirone couldn’t hide his shock, but Rian thought this was enough.
“You thought I would choose not to see my friend forever? What do you think? Now, you’re in a double bind.”
When Rian turned his head, his family saw something they had never seen before.
‘Master, it looks like I made quite the splash this time around.’
However, to Klumph, it was refreshing nonetheless.
“Hmm…”
Klumph rubbed his large chin.
‘To be honest, I did not expect him to be this immature, but his actions do not annoy or anger me… He reminds me of myself.’
‘Well, if he’s planning on being immature all the way through, might as well go all the way.’
Hiding his true feelings, Kumph asked sternly.
“Rian, when you say you are going to be his sword, does that mean that boy has the qualifications?”
“I believe he’s overflowing with it.”
“Then answer me this: Is he overflowing due to his own brilliance, or does he shine bright to you because you feel inadequate?”
Rian thought.
‘Is Shirone the one shining brilliantly, or does he simply shine because I feel inferior? Why did Grandpa ask this question?’
He replied.
“A sword does not judge. They simply protect.”
He made a sound of admiration.
Klumph was satisfied.
‘Thank goodness his basics are strong!’
As Rian said, a sword does not think.
Its only job was to cut in the direction its owner wanted.
“You’re quite good with your words. But with that lame swordsmanship of yours, I feel sorry for your friend who got a sword like you.”
Rian shot daggers at him.
“Grandfather!”
Of course, all tension had dissipated at this point.
It was partly because they went on a path no one could reverse, but more than that, it was more so because they did not have the energy to care anymore.
Klumph felt that things came to a satisfying conclusion.
“All right, that’s it. Help that master of yours stand up. Oh, and Shirone, though he’s not the most polished sword yet, he will never strike against you. Take good care of my grandson.”
Shirone bowed his head. He felt that he had to at least show some respect, after all, his actions had damaged the pride of the Ogent family.
“Thank you for your approval.”
“It was all him. I did nothing. I heard that you’ve completed your work here? You’re planning on going back home, correct?”
“Yes, my parents should be waiting.”
“You must miss them. However, since the two of you promised to be friends for life, it must be sad to go back like this. Hey, Louis.”
“Yes, your Grace.”
“The carriage that Shirone was supposed to take to get back home? Take his parents here instead.”
“Right away.”
The head butler immediately left the mansion.
The situation with Shirone was no longer something he could deal with.
Louis realized again at that moment that a noble’s way of thinking was completely beyond his understanding.
____

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-140.txt
=============YYYYY=============
[140] Labyrinth space-time (4)
Tess also experienced the absorption of power, but rewinded the movement and mounted the sword without any disturbance.
Please enable JavaScript
Distance control, maximum acceleration, everything was perfect. All eyes were focused on the sphere.
A number popped up. 442. It was the first time that the number exceeded 400.
What will be the result? Tess stared at her, showing no emotion.
After a while, the number disappears and the beads turn red.
“Whoa, that doesn’t work. it’s a shame.”
Tess turned without hesitation. I could understand the feelings of the two people who shouted that they would try one more time, but it is an act of low dignity to do accordingly.
“Damn it! Isn’t that really broken? I stabbed him with a saber, but how come more than a blunt weapon?”
The warrior screamed loudly. They lived in the world believing in their strength, so losing to a woman might hurt their pride, but from Tess’ point of view, it was just pitiful.
“I was eliminated in the same way, so what are you doing with that? And growing power and handling power are completely different! Why don’t you practice some skills instead of just lifting rocks?”
“what! Are you ignoring my power now? Can’t you see these muscles? Do you have something like this?”
Tess turned her head away as if she had seen the disgusting scene. She felt it would be more convenient to have a conversation with a cow than to discuss her delicacy with a macho.
“Is the inspection line over? Then it’s my turn this time.”
The archer pulled out the longbow behind his back and stepped out.
Based on the previous results, it seemed that it would be difficult to get a high score with only physical strength.
Arrows are also physical attacks, but the archer was confident. Even though it’s a costly method, I feel sick to my stomach, but wouldn’t it be ridiculed if I didn’t show off a single organ?
“Looks like you intend to use it.”
As the wizard said, the archer took out an arrow from his back and removed the arrowhead. Then, he took out a uniquely shaped arrowhead from the hard leather pocket on his pants.
The tip was not sharp, but round like an almond, but it was purple, not the usual iron color.
“Hmm, that was good. Shall we try it this time?”
Amy’s eyes lit up when she saw the uniquely colored arrowhead. Certainly, if that was the case, it could deliver a far more powerful impact than a normal arrow.
“Sirone, look at that. It’s a magic bullet.”
“uh? is that?”
Sirone had also heard about magic bullets in class. It was an item infused with magic into magic crystals, which are only extracted in very small amounts in the natural world.
The origin of magic crystals is a mystery, but it is an established theory that it is a chemical reaction in response to a unique natural phenomenon.
For example, magic crystals of lightning could be collected in dry highlands or tropical rain forests where thunderstorms often occur.
Minerals collected in this way show affinity for certain phenomena, and magic engineers succeeded in storing magic in magic stones using such properties.
Of course, this much was laboratory science, the success of which cannot be called an achievement.
In order to use magic crystals in real life, material engineering to convert them into energy and mechanical engineering to consume those materials in various forms must be supported.
The series of processes in which magic crystals are mined and consumed by society is made up of so many manpower and enormous capital that it can be described as an industry.
And the field that competed for the top spot in the industry was magic bullet, a lethal weapon.
“That’s the expensive magic bullet. How does it compare to the magic we use?”
“It’s not particularly powerful or anything. Being able to use magic without being a wizard is a huge advantage. Probably 1 gold for each one. Even though the weight of the magic bullet that actually goes into the arrowhead is only 10 grams.”
Sirone stuck out his tongue. It’s 1 gold for just one bowstring. If so, how much money did the 3,000 archers in the history books spend on the fire of magic bullets?
“It’s great stuff. If you’re like me, I don’t think you’ll be able to use it.”
“Since we’re wizards, it’s only natural that we think about what we’ve lost. However, in actual combat, whether or not there is a spirit bullet is an extremely important issue. In a situation where you can die without moving, you can live with a single magic bullet.”
“I see. But do you know the details? They didn’t teach that in class either.”
“I also found out recently. The reason my eldest brother came home is because of the delivery of magic bullets for the archer unit. It seems that the company has been committing corruption since a year ago, but I don’t know at what stage the money is leaking out. I was curious, so I asked Nade, and he knew everything from the manufacturing process to the manufacturing technology.”
“huh? Nade? When did you ask that?”
“There was a time when you woke up and closed school. According to rumors, they made an invisibility cloak, but that’s an amazing skill. If it’s Nade, he’ll be able to make magic bullets.”
“what? You make that expensive thing yourself?”
“What, didn’t you know? Are you really a friend who can’t live without dying?”
“Haha, that… … . But Nade always shows weird things. He’s like a carriage that never stops or a doll that does a dozen funny dances.”
“Well, it’s not just about having technology. Since it is a state monopoly business, if you do not obtain a license, you will be arrested for manufacturing illegal weapons. But if you’re bored later, ask them to make one for you. If you ask, they will probably make it for you. It’s a magic stone because you can buy it cheaply from the Alchemy Foundation.”
While Sirone and Amy were talking, the archer released the magic bullet’s control device.
The impact-reactive magic bullet must be secured unless it is going through a dangerous area. One of the legs would be blown off in the event of a reaction, such as being run over by a wagon.
“Hey, I’m going to use magic bullets from now on. It’s called Lightning Arrow. If you stay close, you might get hit, so get back.”
Sirone and the others moved as far away as possible within the sighting range. I expected that the space-time of the maze would absorb magical power, but there was nothing wrong with being careful.
As the archer pulled the string tight, even the tension around him seemed to rise. After a while, the moment I let go of my hand, the arrow sounded like a flute and crashed into the space-time of the maze.
As the magic bullet reacted, it released powerful lightning bolts.
However, the blue electricity was generated only inside the marble. As expected, it seemed to absorb even magic power.
The beads flashed for about 3 seconds, then went quiet. People waited for the number to come up, thinking that it was really worth the money.
1020.
The corners of the archer’s mouth went up as the score reached four digits.
However, the result was undoubtedly inconsistent. After scoring over 1,000 points and not getting any results, the archer came down from the altar thinking about what he had earned.
“Sheesh! What, did you just throw away money?”
“I can’t really say that. From the looks of it, your body seems to be fine, are you okay?”
At Amy’s words, the archer checked his condition. I saw the swordsmen’s legs weakening over and over again, but this time it didn’t matter.
“huh? That’s right. It doesn’t seem to take away even the archer’s strength. The space-time of the labyrinth seems to measure only the blow damage.”
“That could be a piece of information. What are you going to do? Would you like to try again?”
The archer stared at the orb. Anyway, he made the best of it, so it wasn’t too bad. But wasting money beyond this was a no-brainer.
“no. No matter which attribute you use, it won’t make much of a difference, and I don’t think you’ll pass with this. Only magic bullets are worth it.”
Amy readily agreed.
“Then, is it the wizard’s turn from now on? Sirone, who should do it first? you or me?”
The mercenary wizard smiled and pointed at Amy.
“How about you try it? It’s my turn next, so I’m sure there will be a comparison to see who’s stronger.”
Amy accepted the challenge as if there was nothing to hold back. Come to think of it, she still had feelings to resolve with that woman.
“great. Sirone, then should I go first?”
“huh. Show your skills. Go for it!”
Sirone saw that Amy had potential. Her specialty is the fire class, which specializes in offensive magic. In addition, it was a target type that emphasized the power of a single shot.
There are countless types of magic, and fashion changes according to the speed of development, but the fire attribute has always been the strongest in the magic world, ranking first in the power category.
But Amy was cautious. She stood at the altar, calculating which spell she would deploy.
‘It’s surprisingly difficult. It’s too close to use sniper mode. Should I just attack as a target? But then the power will decrease.’
Unlike the freezing system, where absolute zero is the limit, the flame system has no temperature rise limit.
Many wizards are drawn to its infinite possibilities and choose flame, but even high-level wizards find it difficult to overcome the barrier of 1,000 degrees Celsius.
Still, the flames are strong. This is because most things on the planet are under the rule of 1,000 degrees.
Living things, trees, and most metals except iron were bound to be burned by the energy of heat.
However, just as there is no perfect attribute in the world, there were also disadvantages to flame-based magic.
It was lightness.
The total amount of energy is enormous, but the heaviness is poor. So, usually, the air type is grafted to supplement the hitting power, and the representative example was the flame strike.
‘However, due to the nature of Flame Strike, its power doubles as the distance increases. In this case, wouldn’t it be better to focus on the flames?’
Since the space-time of the labyrinth measures magical power, not impact, it was a good strategy to compete with a pure system that can increase the temperature purely.
Amy thought of a magic that would fit that, and made a decision.
‘Fireball.’
Two flames burned above Amy’s palms. Originally, it was a sphere, but due to the nature of fire, it formed a form of water droplets rising upward.
If the magic fire was different from real fire, it was, of course, density. In other words, fire mages increase the temperature by adjusting the density of fire. In addition, as the temperature increased, the radius of spread of the flame could also be increased.
Amy only rotated her wrist while holding the flame. Then she flew away with a ball of fire red like lava hanging down her tail.
As soon as the flames hit, the time-space of the labyrinth inhaled the flames. A tremendous whirlpool of fire circulated endlessly inside the orb.
When the score finally came out, people burst into exclamation.
3,270.
It was the best record ever. And looking at the results so far, it seemed difficult to exceed this score.
The archer realized that Sirone and the others were not ordinary students. The electric arrow with the added power of magic bullet was 1,020. However, the fact that the power of Fireball, the basic magic, exceeded three times that, meant that there was a difference from the level of magic.
But Amy frowned. As if this wasn’t going anywhere, the space-time of her labyrinth was fiercely emitting red light.
“what! What the hell?”
I thought it would be okay, but when I failed, the medicine went up and I felt like going crazy.
“Ho-ho-ho! It’s like a kid. Is it my turn this time?”
“Wait a minute! I’ll try sniper mode. I’m going to put an end to it today as to how much you’re asking for.”
Sirone smiled awkwardly and headed towards the altar. Amy, who had an extraordinary fighting spirit, would never come down unless she went and stopped her.
“Calm down for now. If you get angry and lose your concentration, you won’t get any more points.”
“Oh, really! Sirone, I will definitely do it again. Understand?”
The wizard who climbed the altar turned to Amy and said.
“Coincidentally, they were wizards of the same class, right? I am also a fire magician. I’ll try it with a fireball to match your level.”
‘Heh, that’s funny. He said he had the same thoughts as me.’
Amy responded with a snort. In any case, a dropout is always silent, so even replying was annoyed.
—————————————

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-141.txt
=============YYYYY=============
[141] Labyrinth space-time (5)
The wizard returned with a serious expression. Then, between the palms of both hands, a sphere of fire was born.
Unlike Amy, it was a single sphere, so it would be much easier to increase the density.
‘I’m going to concentrate firepower, right? I’m so eager to win.’
As Amy expected, the wizard was nervous. Of course, since he had never calculated the power of magic numerically, he did not know how many points he would get.
However, no matter how much I thought about it, I wondered if it would be difficult to explode three times as much as an electric arrow.
“Taha!”
The wizard held out both hands vigorously.
Since inertia is ignored in the spirit zone under the wizard’s control, no special motion is required to cast the spell.
Even so, taking a firing stance was the mage’s struggle to increase his concentration even a little bit.
Amy followed the fireball with her gaze. As the space-time of the labyrinth held fire, a whirlwind of flames raged.
The wizard looked at the orb with eyes full of expectation. But after a while, her face turned into a tear-stain.
The score is 1,330. It was only 310 points higher than Electric Arrow.
It was a huge difference for a swordsman who was purely evaluated for physical ability, but in the realm of magic that applied phenomena, it could be said that there was a difference there.
“Oh, it can’t be. no! This is because the firepower is distributed. I can pass at least 2,000.”
No one responded to the wizard’s voice.
The difference was too great for me. No matter what she did, she couldn’t get past Amy’s shame.
The archer thought it was already too late to pass through this place. The naked girl who scored over 3,000 points must be the highest level here.
In the mercenary world, the sorcerer called divine is also 1,330. However, the fact that she showed more than twice her magic power meant that she was the strongest talent at least at her age.
Ryan and Tess were thinking the same thing.
I don’t mean to disparage Sirone’s skills, but Amy was Sirone’s senior at school. As her senior, she had failed, so even if she was a sirone, she would have a hard time showing more than that, she expected.
Amy was the only one who wasn’t thinking that this wasn’t the end.
“Sirone, you have to be serious. Maybe it’s because it’s so narrow that I couldn’t cross it.”
“okay. I’ll try my best.”
The leader licked his lips and twisted.
“under! What do you do when you do your best? Results should come out. It’s already done. Let’s fold and go back.”
Sirone realized something from the leader who gave up without even trying. Space-time of the labyrinth called the eye of an angel. What on earth did she build such an altar for?
But it was time to put aside the fleeting insight for a while. Right now, the priority is to focus on the work of the altar.
Sirone closed her eyes and performed the sequence ceremony. A dot of feeble light was born in the front. Subsequently, an innumerable number of photons rushed into the center and grew in size.
“What, what? photon output? What impact do you have with that?”
The wizard said with an absurd expression. Even so, the reason why I couldn’t take my eyes off Sirone was because of the power that couldn’t be seen with normal photon output.
The moment Sirone opened his eyes after completing the sequence ceremony, the fist-sized white sphere vibrated as if it were about to die.
Sirone gritted his teeth and hit the photon cannon. A beam of light that stretched out at sub-light speed struck as if it would shatter the space-time of the labyrinth.
The mercenaries, who were not expecting it at first, were fascinated by the beauty of the flash and trembled as they waited for the score.
4,783.
People’s eyes widened when an unexpected number came up.
Wizards and archers, especially those skilled in magic, were astonished. It was because the magic Sirone cast was none other than photon output.
Light has no special firepower. There was only an impulse defined by the product of velocity and mass.
Still, 4,783 points came out. Compared to his colleagues, it was said that the impact was equivalent to the shock of 20 warriors who chose a strength-enhancing build and struck with all their might.
“Eh, what the hell are those things?”
The mercenaries were starting to get anxious. I didn’t know what the principle of Sirone’s magic was, but I had to assume that there was no one among my colleagues who could withstand once hit.
But everyone had no time to think of anything else. This is because even though it was hit with tremendous power, the space-time of the maze emitted red light as if it were showing off, and it was judged to be unqualified.
Sirone lost all his strength. How the hell did the beads come from?
Maybe 5,000 points is the last line of passing. However, it seemed that the Photon Cannon could not increase its power more than this.
“I wish I could do it one more time.”
As if Amy had waited, she covered her mouth and smiled.
“Ho Ho! Do you understand my feelings? Because I did too. But how many points do you really have to get to pass?”
“I don’t know. I think doing it with a laser would be fine.”
“Oh, yes! Lasers can accumulate energy.”
Sirone’s laser causes molecules to vibrate, resulting in greater destructive power over time. In theory, there is nothing that cannot be destroyed, so it was perfect for this evaluation.
“But there is a next turn. I’ll have to give it a try once I’ve done a round. what are you doing? won’t you?”
Sirone said to the leader. But he just stood there with a shit-chewed expression on his face.
Seeing the scores soar as the order progressed, I didn’t feel like stepping out. As a prosecutor, the only score he could give was around 200 points.
“Sheesh! it’s okay. It’s already over! I have no choice but to go back.”
The leader walked towards the entrance with an urgent gesture. However, no matter how much he turned the doorknob, the iron door did not budge.
When the group looked back in surprise, the man with the white tattoo said.
“You are one. If one person is evaluated, everyone should be evaluated. You cannot go back before that.”
After hearing the archer’s interpretation, the party finally understood. It was a rule that did not simply unify the will, but actually had to match the actions.
“ah! annoying! Why do you keep asking me to do what I did?”
Complaints continued from the leader’s mouth. But in order to get out of here, he had no choice but to prove his skills.
‘I see. These are really cruel rules.’
Sirone got goosebumps.
How come I didn’t know until now? All the rules explained by the man with the white tattoo were premised on one condition.
Trust between colleagues.
When you think about it, it’s a really strange evaluation method. This is because, in terms of firepower alone, wizards are much more advantageous than swordsmen.
However, that did not mean that the swordsman was weaker than the wizard. Even if the wizard could break rocks and split the ground, the swordsmen were specialized in biological combat who could cut the wizard with a single knife.
In addition, measuring the power of magic was also a problem. If Amy, who specializes in ranged magic, had tried sniper mode, her score would have been much higher. However, this place did not consider such a variable.
A narrow octagonal altar that could not exert any special means, and eight spheres.
‘Why eight? Just to balance out the look? But in reality, we only had one sphere as a group of eight, didn’t we?’
Strangest of all was the language of God. The space-time of the maze measures the amount of impact and expresses the value as a number.
why the hell What does that mean?
If it is to discriminate those who go to Kergo, isn’t it enough to simply indicate pass and fail?
Depending on the long term of the major, the deviation of scores becomes enormous. In such a state, everyone must be evaluated.
The emotion that arose there was one.
‘Obsessed with scores. He becomes anxious when his peers score higher than him. If you get a lower score than yourself, you will be ignored. If there is no perfect understanding of each other’s roles, discord will inevitably arise. And what awaits at the end of that rule… … .’
You can send 1 person through the sacrifice of 1 person.
Sirone took a deep breath. What the hell is Miro thinking? This was an evaluation made to kill each other.
“Sirone, let’s just leave when that person is finished.”
Amy whispered. She must have thought the same thing, but her eyes showed tension.
Ryan and Tess were also making serious faces as if something was wrong.
Since they emphasized camaraderie, it was natural to be sensitive to this atmosphere, and since the evaluation was clearly unfavorable to the prosecutor, it would have been quicker to grasp the intention of the rule.
As expected, the leader did not know what to do. He felt that the gaze of his mercenary colleagues was different from before.
“Whoa, whoa, whoaaaaa!”
The leader ran without even a chance to catch his breath. He’s charging, but in Sirone’s eyes, it’s as if he’s running away from something.
Is the schema opened properly? Where is the location of the sword? What is the distance to the target. As he ran without knowing anything, his steps staggered.
I breathed in a short breath and swung the sword as if falling down, and the sword with poor accuracy hit the side of the sphere and bounced off.
“Kuh! shit!”
The leader, who was trying to get out of the altar through the time-space of the maze, hurriedly regained his balance and looked back.
The number 32 floated.
But no one laughed. Their faces hardened as if they had been terribly humiliated.
“What, what’s up! You can’t even get through! Is it because you did it? Let’s get out!”
The leader left the altar with useless brute force. However, his feet were heading away from his comrades.
‘That party is over. If I leave here, it will probably disintegrate.’
Sirone thought it was time to stop at this point. It’s a pity that he can’t take on the challenge again, but he couldn’t add anything more by taking out the mercenaries whose trust was broken.
“excuse me… … Please translate for me.”
Sirone asked the archer. Even when I went, there was one thing I wanted to check.
The archer also readily accepted, perhaps feeling a sense of collapse in the current situation.
“okay. What can I ask you?”
“Has anyone passed through this gate so far?”
The man with the white tattoo nodded resolutely.
“It is a gateway to pass through. It’s not a trap.”
“How many points must come out of the space-time of the maze to pass?”
“The eight eyes of an angel will judge you.”
The man repeated what he had said at the beginning. In the end, everything was decided by the time and space of the maze.
Sirone thought for a moment before asking the last question.
“What percentage of the people who come here pass?”
“I don’t know exactly. Sometimes several people come, sometimes one person comes. From what I’ve seen, it seems to pass about 1 out of 10 times. Most of them had a high pass rate when they came alone.”
Sirone was startled. It was a much higher percentage than expected.
At first, I thought there might not be a passer-by. It was because of the assumption that Miro’s purpose in designing this place was not simply to evaluate skills.
Of course, that opinion remains unchanged. But the man with the white tattoo said there must be a passer-by. That too, at a staggering rate of 10 percent.
The corner of Sirone’s mouth trembled as he smiled. A shudder ran up his spine.
“Sirone, what’s wrong all of a sudden?”
“The headmaster… … He’s a real naughty boy.”
“huh? What do you mean all of a sudden?”
Amy asked back questioningly, but Sirone was not in the mood to answer. Alpheas’s voice sounded like an hallucination.
– You should be able to get a rough idea of what the world Miro lives in is like.
Not roughly, but I knew for sure. He was saying that if you couldn’t pass this level of difficulty, you shouldn’t try to learn about the maze.
‘I’m sorry, Headmaster. But I found out.’
Sirone did not give up. I was sure to pass through this place during the travel period.
Amy guessed as she looked at Sirone who didn’t answer.
‘You didn’t give up, Sirone.’
If so, don’t give up either. At first, I was just following to help Sirone, but now I really want to know about a woman named Miro.
—————————————

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-142.txt
=============YYYYY=============
[142] Labyrinth space-time (6)
“Now, let’s get out of here! no complaints? Hey, open this iron door!”
Please enable JavaScript
The leader slammed the iron door. His pride was crumpled and he could no longer bear the cold stares of his peers.
“Does everyone agree?”
The man asked, but he didn’t really need an interpreter. The mercenaries nodded without a word and headed for the door.
Their hearts were miserable. Coming here was a really bad choice. I was trying to get my share of the loop, but I only lost my loyalty and wasted money.
“Guys. let’s get out quickly come here.”
The attitude of the mercenaries was different from before. There was a big sense of collapse, but it was good to notice that the children’s skills were not average.
However, Sirone and the others were staring at the mercenaries without even taking a step.
The wizard quietly became uneasy. Amy calmly said, “How can my foreboding not be wrong?”
“Don’t we want to go out yet?”
The mercenaries’ heads turned in unison. All sorts of emotions crossed their eyes, including anger, embarrassment, and fear.
At least the quick-witted wizard swallowed his anger and spoke in a soothing tone.
“Why don’t you want to go out? Are you done already? We are too tired to do it anymore.”
“That’s your case. The ideal of coming here is one. I don’t know? It would be difficult if we didn’t ask for our opinions and went out on our own.”
The wizard was upset, but for now he had no choice but to please Amy.
“okay. I didn’t even pay attention to that. So let’s go.”
“I’m sorry, but that can’t be done. We have to go through here and go to Kergo.”
“But there is no other way! ah… … !”
The woman’s face turned pale. There was a way.
This is the room of achievement and sacrifice. It was not necessary to prove achievement alone.
The man with the white tattoo said quietly.
“To leave or to stay? If you want to prove your skills, go through the labyrinth of time and space. If you want to prove the sacrifice, you can send 4 people as the sacrifice of 4 people.”
“huh? What are you talking about?”
As soon as Lian asked, Archer translated. Of course, it was a completely distorted and transformed language.
“Ah, when you’re done with your business, I mean go quickly.”
Amy said with a smile.
“Oh, is that strange? I’ve definitely heard this You can send 4 people at the expense of 4 people.”
The archer’s eyes were filled with shock.
“you… … Did you know the Aboriginal language?”
“What are you talking about? That’s what I heard when I first came. Do you know what fool we are? Can’t you remember a word you heard once?”
The archer opened his mouth blankly. Oh, is that so? It’s not? Isn’t it rather strange to remember words you’ve heard for the first time?
“Anyway, it’s a sacrifice of four people. one two three four. There are only four of us.”
The blood drained from the mercenaries’ faces. That girl really intended to sacrifice someone.
Ryan and Tess also felt the same tension as in the real battle. In particular, Tess stomped her feet when cute Amy suddenly changed.
“Sirone, are you really okay? Heeing, Amy is so scared.”
“are you okay. You do that on purpose.”
“You mean that on purpose? I don’t think so.”
“Let it go. Amy will take care of it.”
The mercenaries looked at each other. If you fight, you will lose. Lian and the warrior are equal, and Tess is stronger than the leader.
In addition, he was overwhelmed in the wizard’s battle, and even the existence of an archer was useless in front of Sirone’s photon magic.
“Come on. These are the faces you don’t want to sacrifice. In any case, you have to do your best.”
“Why are you doing this? Is it because of our behavior at the bar?”
Amy tilted her head as if to raise her head.
“Hmm?”
The archer realized that he could not alleviate the situation with a clumsy response. He walked to the place where Sirone and the others were, bowed politely and said.
“sorry! We looked down on you and made a mistake. Forgive me just once. Hey, you guys should come and apologize.”
When the archer looked back with his head down, the remaining three reluctantly walked away. However, since it was a life-and-death matter, the attitude of apologizing was polite.
“Sorry! I’m too cheeky. Please forgive.”
“I will not do that in the future. I learned a lot from this So can we just make up for the mistakes we made at the bar?”
Amy frowned and said.
“Hmm, I don’t know. What the hell did you do to us? Hey, bar? Could it be that you were at that bar? weird. Why didn’t I see it?”
The mercenaries’ faces turned red. I felt like I was thrown to the ground and trampled on because I couldn’t hold back my pride.
This time, even Sirone couldn’t help but shudder at Amy’s persistence.
‘If you make Amy angry, you will end up like that.’
Amy and Tess were the most attacked when they were ridiculed at the bar.
The time when I was subjected to all sorts of insults and shame just because I was a woman. She wasn’t the Amy I’d forget, even decades later, until she got her revenge.
However, in a sense, it could be said to be the standard of a magician obsessed with efficiency.
Even if it wasn’t necessary to do that, the magician was annoyed at the fact that he couldn’t utilize 100% of the advantage given to him.
That is why it is often said that wizards are eccentric. In fact, there are many mages who lack humanity.
However, because of the spirit of pursuing such tenacious efficiency, magic has developed so far and will continue to develop.
‘What are you going to do with us? Shit.’
The mercenaries didn’t know what to do and just kept their heads down. The sound of teeth grinding seemed to be heard from here.
Only then did Amy get to the point.
“I have a suggestion. If you accept that, I might go out with you.”
“which… … ?”
“I said you need to know the password to get in here, right? What is the password?”
The archer realized. Those kids were thinking of trying again. After going through numerous investigations and verifying sufficient possibilities, he intends to come back here.
“Keltia, Lo Hoima. Akrasia, Widmia Benzene. This is the password.”
“What do you mean?”
“Knock on my door. Then it will open.”
Amy turned to the white tattooed man. And he pronounced the ancient language the archer had taught him without making a mistake.
“Keltia, Lo Hoima. Akrasia, Widmia Benzen?”
The natives guarding the exit noticed Amy’s intentions and nodded.
The archer was in a bad mood. No, in what sense should I say that I admired it? I was astounded by her sophistication.
“shit! Trust some people! Would I lie in this situation?”
“Who said what? There’s nothing wrong with being sure. I got it anyway. thank you.”
Amy approached her friends with a happy face as if she had never done that. Like her chameleon, Tess stuck her tongue out as her emotions changed color.
“Were you trying to figure out the password? Do you know how nervous I was when I thought we were fighting for real?”
“Huh, if you’re going to come back anyway, it’s good to know. Anyway, let’s go out.”
When Sirone’s party and the mercenary gang all expressed their intention to leave, the man with the white tattoo pulled the device next to the iron door.
The entrance shook violently, leading the way out.
Just like when they came in, the mercenary gang went up the stairs first.
But the atmosphere itself was different from that time. Everyone hung their heads like defeated soldiers, and no one spoke.
Sirone and the others were also speechless.
I couldn’t get into the autonomous district, but that was a matter of planning from now on.
Rather, the thought of the space-time of the maze that I experienced today made my head complicated.
‘The construction of the labyrinth. Why did Miro make the contraption? And why did they set up these cruel rules? What’s in Kergo? What is the connection between Kergo and Maze in the first place? I would like to know. Maybe the maze… … .’
While Sirone analyzed the maze, Amy, who followed her, was also immersed in her own thoughts.
‘There’s not just one way to investigate ruins. Let’s devise every possible strategy. Sirone seems to have his own ideas, but he can’t rule out a way to explore the underground with the Spirit Zone. Even if you pass, there is a problem with interpretation. When I go outside, I will find someone who can interpret. You can find it among the locals.’
Tess was equally impressed by this place. In particular, being able to quantify and confirm one’s armed forces was a significant achievement.
‘The impact of a sharp sword can be counted more than that of a blunt weapon. But in the end, I couldn’t reach magic. Can the prosecutor get through that door? If possible, to what extent? Sirone’s magic is close to 5,000, so I’m guessing it’s ten times my blow. Would it be possible for a dad to roughly double the acceptance criteria? Ugh, if I knew the cut-off, I could set a goal. Since Sirone said he’d come back, I’ll have to go and investigate further.’
Lian, who followed last, was also speechless. Wrinkles were forming between her brows, as if she was struggling quite a bit.
‘What do you want to go out to eat?’
After walking for about 30 minutes, Sirone and the others arrived at the altar on the ground.
When they knocked on the door from inside, the native opened the door, but the party had no choice but to be nervous due to the inertia learned underground.
When I came out, the fresh air washed my lungs. Even though it was only a few hours’ journey, the sun in the sky didn’t seem to belong to today.
Sirone’s party and the mercenary group split in opposite directions. But it didn’t disappear from sight. Sirone and the others wanted to savor the afterglow, and the mercenary group was on the verge of collapse.
Sirone organized her daily routine.
“Now what? It was more successful than expected, so shall we finish today’s ruins exploration with this?”
Amy was also in favor.
“OK. I’ve been working hard for a while and I’m tired. You have to go in early and take measures.”
Ryan said as if he had discovered something amazing.
“Before that, how about hitting a bowl of noodles? It was delicious there earlier.”
Tess’ gaze stabbed Lian.
“Do you eat and eat noodles? At least they should bring me some buckwheat noodles. That’s why it’s so simple.”
“What is it? What a thoughtful decision I made!”
“Then what do you do? When Bing comes back, it’s the same place.”
As Rian and Tess were fighting with menus, mercenaries approached. Sirone and the others stopped talking and looked back at them.
There are warriors, wizards, and archers, but the leader has disappeared somewhere and has not been seen.
The mercenaries did not speak readily and exchanged notices. In the end, the wizard was selected as the right person and came forward as if being pushed.
But it took a while for her to say something about how awkward this situation was.
“excuse me… … Would you like to join our mercenary corps?”
“Are you a mercenary?”
“huh. If you know it, there are many good things about being a mercenary. You can earn a lot of money as well as fame. Especially with your skills, you will rise as a star right away. As you can see, the leader withdrew a while ago… … Oh, of course, it’s okay for you to be the new leader. If you give an order, we’ll follow it unconditionally, and if others come in, we’ll treat them really well. how is it?”
Sirone stared at the magician’s bright eyes. And he said it straight away, as if he hadn’t even thought about it.
“no, I do not want.”
After saying that, he turned around and left, and his friends followed Sirone without any regrets.
“Let’s just eat noodles. Was it honestly delicious?”
“no. You’re just doing it because you want to fill your stomach first. If you endure a little bit, you can eat something much tastier.”
The mercenaries stared blankly at Sirone and the others.
The wizard’s face turned into a tear-stain, and a worried sigh leaked out.
“Ahh, my blessed life.”
(end of volume 6)
—————————————

=============ZZZZZ=============
