=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-1.txt
=============YYYYY=============
Chapter 1
“Wah! Wah!”
Please enable JavaScript
In the early morning, Vincent was roused from his sleep by the sound of a baby’s cry echoing through the mountain.
“Ugh.”
The sad sound of the infant continued to be heard as he ran his hands through his disheveled hair.
“God, what have I done so wrong?”
The hunter’s muscles strained in the dark as he kicked the blanket off of the bed.
‘Who on earth is that this early?’
Vincent looked at his sleeping wife, hoping she was having a good dream.
If she heard that, there would have been some measure of trouble.
“Haah…“
The couple, who had been married for seven years, had no children.
They had visited the clinic once with a large sum of money, but all they said was that the cause was unknown.
–There’s a thing called compatibility in bed. It’s just the way it is. Olina and you don’t seem to have a problem, so keep trying. Haha!
Vincent smiled through it at first.
However, the situation did not improve over time. By the time they entered their fifth year of marriage, he had no choice but to admit it.
He couldn’t have children.
His wife, Olina, didn’t speak of her disappointment. But at times, she would get a lonely expression on her face. And at those times, Vincent couldn’t help but be resentful towards his lower body.
“What kind of rascal is it? It’s like he’s trying to rub salt into the wound!”
Putting his complicated feelings aside, Vincent left the house with his single-edged axe.
“Who is it?! Who’s the one causing all this ruckus, at this time of the night?!”
His shout echoed through the mountains.
There was no response, and Vincent’s expression hardened at that silence.
‘Perhaps it’s a trap?’
Most hunters built their houses in the mountains.
This was due to the fact that they would have to check the traps they set at night early in the morning, and it sometimes became necessary for them to spend days in the mountains when they were tracking large animals.
Of course, safety was his responsibility, and there were a lot of bandits looking for vulnerable prey.
On the other hand, it could have been a merchant from another country. However, there was no torch in sight in the dark of the night.
“That rotten–! I’ll cut you to pieces!”
In the worst case scenario, there would be no choice but to shed blood.
He slowly approached the stable the noise was coming from. Then he quickly flung open the door.
The hunter’s excellent vision scanned the interior.
Neigh.
He heard the horse whinny.
Because animals do not lie, the impulsive Vincent’s heart relaxed a bit.
‘There’s nowhere to hide.’
There was also no sign that anyone had broken in.
“But, how…?”
Vincent looked at the bundle laying on the straw bed.
The baby, who seemed to be about two months old, was crying with a frown on their face.
Vincent hurriedly hid the axe behind his back.
When he went down to kneel in front of the bundle, he threw the metal somewhere in the corner.
“Wah! Wah!”
There was a baby, as pretty as the moon.
A baby who didn’t know anything yet, who’d just been born, and would one day spread his name around the world.
At that moment, the baby saw the adult’s face and stopped crying, a smile spreading across his face.
Vincent’s lips trembled.
Then, as if he was struck by lightning, he stood up and ran out of the stables.
“Who is it?! Who’s pulling a prank on me?! Abandoning a child! You bastard, come out!”
His roar rang throughout the mountain.
“Come out! Really?! How can you abandon a child?! You’re a monster! You know that?!”
There was still no answer.
“You’re really abandoning the baby? I’m giving you no more chances! If you show up in front of me, I’ll turn your face into a rice cake!”
Vincent shouted with all his might.
He didn’t want to have any regrets when he looked back on this day in the distant future.
“Haah. Haaah…”
Vincent, after a few moments of staring into the darkness, went back into the stable, breathing heavily.
The baby was asleep, perhaps exhausted from crying.
Holding the baby in trembling hands, he gently pressed his ear to the baby’s little chest.
“Oh…”
His heart was beating much faster than an adult’s.
“Honey, what’s going on?”
His wife, who had run outside after hearing him shouting.
Vincent showed her the sleeping child in his arms instead of answering.
“What’s with the baby?”
Vincent hesitated, as he wasn’t sure how to explain the situation.
“It’s… It’s our child.”
* * *
[Translator – Anwen]
[Proofreader – Harley]
* * *
It was early summer.
The stream was cold and the wind was cool.
With a dead water deer draped across his wide shoulders, Vincent hurried home.
Rather than catching good prey, he was excited to go back to his family, waiting for him at home.
“Shirone! Dad’s home!”
“Dad!”
The 12-year-old boy came running to the front door with a big smile.
Come and read on our website wuxia worldsite. Thanks
Unlike Vincent, who was as rugged as a rock, the boy’s face was reminiscent of a specially processed jewel.
His hair was as smooth as gold and his blue eyes shone from afar.
Whenever he saw his pretty son, who looked like a doll, Vincent could not hide his happiness.
As soon as he threw the water deer on the floor, he buried his face into his son’s shoulder.
“Yes, my precious son. How have you been? Have you been good?”
“Yes! I helped Mom cook and also read a lot of books.”
Cooking and reading.
Vincent, who felt the incongruity between the two words, was slightly perplexed but didn’t show it on his face.
“Haha! Do you like books that much?”
“No, it’s… there’s just nothing to do.”
Vincent felt sorry for his son whenever he saw him flinch, as if he had done something wrong.
In fact, he knew it.
He knew that this miraculous child from heaven was smarter than his peers.
He read books with the letters he learned from his mom, and now he had reached the point of reading difficult books alone.
‘And that was a little pitiful.’
It wasn’t easy to raise enough money for hunters to educate their children.
The only thing Vincent could teach him was his lifelong hunting skills.
–The most stable life for the son of a herbalist is to be a herbalist, and for the son of a hunter to be a hunter.
Because even the most trivial job required knowledge and tricks that couldn’t simply be spoken of.
But Vincent couldn’t bring himself to say that.
“No. Good job, Shirone. No matter what you do, you have to learn to succeed. I’ll buy you a book when I go into the city next time.”
“It’s okay. I’ve read the books you’ve bought me, but there’s nothing special or interesting about them.”
Vincent laughed at his son’s boast.
Popular books were expensive, so he couldn’t even think about buying one of those. So he would go around the antique shops and buy books that were used and thrown away by the nobles, which were a bit cheaper.
He did guess that the content was not enough for a child to digest, anyway.
‘What a considerate boy.’
Vincent was moved to tears by Shirone’s thoughtfulness, who was considerate of his parent’s situation.
“Right! Anyways, what do you think? Do you want to go cut some trees with me? It’s important to learn, but you also have to have the physique and stamina. Today, dad will teach you how to chop some wood.”
“Wow! Then, are you going to be giving me an axe?”
“Of course! Just you and me, why don’t we go cut down all the trees!”
Vincent presented Shirone with an axe, as if he had been waiting for this moment.
‘After all… I guess he’ll become a mountaineer.’
In any case, it was important to build some muscles in his tiny body from now on.
‘But is it really?’
He had a sudden doubt.
‘Shirone looks like a child from a wealthy family, with his soft face and hair. Maybe he was the child of a noble family?’
Vincent shook his head. Whenever he had such suspicions, he felt overwhelmed. He felt like he had received a precious gift, but on the other hand, he suffered from guilt.
‘It’s a useless thought. Shirone is my child. Not a child brought in from the stables, but a child who has my blood flowing through him.’
With a firm heart, Vincent headed for the logging area, a kilometer away from the cabin.
“I’ll give you a demonstration, so watch carefully and follow along.”
Vincent spat on his palm and began to chop the tree with ease.
Not long after, with the sound of splitting wood the tree crashed down with a snap.
Although it wasn’t particularly important, a lumberjack’s ability was measured according to the number of swings it took to cut down a tree.
Because he was not a lumberjack, Vincent had to swing 10 times, but that alone took great skill.
“After hitting the same area several times, the tree will start to tilt and fall down, as it can’t hold its own weight. Can you do it?”
“Yes, I’ll try.”
As Vincent picked out a tree for Shirone, he started to copy what his dad did by spitting on his hand.
Even though he only saw it once, his positioning, posture, and even the way he rubbed his palms was a spitting image of his dad.
Just as expected of Shirone, who was especially intelligent. Vincent watched his son in satisfaction.
But as Shirone raised his axe high, it was a bit sloppy.
‘It’s not something you can do with intelligence alone.’
While the weight of the axe was considerable, muscle strength was essential when cutting down a tree.
‘He needs to start training himself, so that he can get married and have children later in life.’
No woman would want to marry a guy who couldn’t make money.
“Eek! Eck!”
Shirone clenched his teeth and swung, but every time he missed and hit somewhere different.
Vincent gave some tips.
“Don’t use up all your strength. Instead, try to decrease your power and replace it with accuracy.”
However, no matter how much he continued to aim and hit, there was no sign of the tree being cut down.
‘Is my son really this weak?’
Vincent was a little sullen.
“Phew, it’s hard.”
“It’s okay. No, I’m sorry. To be honest, I know you are not fit to be doing a job like this. However, being a hunter’s son, there is no choice…”
Vincent was choked up.
“You’re a really smart boy. More than the herbalist’s son, Barone, or the fruit seller’s daughter, Stella. You are smarter than them all. Don’t get rattled just because you lack physical strength. My greed for you…”
Tears began to gather in Vincent’s eyes.
However, Shirone, who was busy with other thoughts, spoke without care.
“More importantly, Dad, how can I cut down trees well?”
Vincent was slightly embarrassed.
He was also surprised. His son, who he had assumed would have no interest, was intent on cutting down trees well.
“You really want to try and learn?”
“Yes, teach me. It’s fun.”
Vincent, who was encouraged by his son’s words, led Shirone to the dent of the tree he made.
“Alright, look at this. Strength will work when you become an adult, but this doesn’t really require much power. It’s the tricks that count. I told you to hit the same spot earlier, but if you tilt the angle a little bit and hit around the spot you aimed before, you will be able to cut down the tree easier.”
“Oh, I see.”
Vincent finally looked at the dent his son had made, away from the spot he was supposed to hit.
‘This is…’
It was quite surprising.
It was hard to look at it and think that it was done by a beginner, as the blade had been driven into the same exact spot, over and over.
If this continued, it would have been more difficult to knock down the tree without brute strength being used. The trick to easily cut down a tree was to hit around the target spot, instead of aiming at the same place repeatedly. Because of Shirone’s frightening accuracy, it would have been impossible for his current self to cut it down.
Chapter end

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-10.txt
=============YYYYY=============
Please enable JavaScript
Chapter 10
Shirone, with a history book in hand, returned to Rian.
“Get up, and bring a book to study.”
“Ugh, the training these days is too harsh.”
After shoving Rian from the study, Shirone sat down and opened a history book.
As the fieldwork finished faster than the paperwork recently, plenty of time was used leisurely.
Once he was able to focus on the book, the pages were flipped over in a flash.
He already knew most of the contents, and even the rest of the book was predictable to him.
This meant that the level of knowledge contained in his head exceeded the level of books.
Since he understood the 650 historical books, the remaining two hundred books would probably be easy to take in.
“Hey, Shirone. I found an interesting book.”
After finding a book to read, Rian was amazed at the speed Shirone was turning the pages.
Once upon a time, Rian had taken over 10 hours to turn a page.
He was definitely reading a book, but by the time he blinked, it was morning.
Rian sat quietly beside Shurone to avoid disturbing him and opened his own book.
Swordsman vs. Mage was the title of the book.
“Introduction. You may have asked this question at least once before, but if a swordsman and a mage were to face off, one-on-one, who would win?”
Shirone’s hand paused as Rian read aloud.
It was also an interesting topic for aspiring mages.
“I have traveled all over the world to find an answer. Even now, when I close my eyes, those thoughts flicker in my head. On the Artusna Mountain, 6,000 meters above sea level, there are carnivorous trees that eat wild birds…”
Rian closed the book.
“How terribly boring.”
“What? I was having fun!”
Rian jumped at the sudden shouting.
He pretended not to be interested, but he must have kept his ears perked up.
“What do you mean ‘fun’? There are no pictures, and there’s no mention of swordsmanship.”
“You didn’t even finish a single page! What are you even talking about?”
“A writer should be considerate of his readers. He should start with a fun beginning and a touching conclusion.”
“This is not a novel. Give me the book. So, who’s going to win?”
“What’s the point of knowing who wins or who loses? For what absurd reason would a mage and a swordsman need to face off? If it’s favorable to one side, they would want to fight and if it’s disadvantageous to the other, they would flee.”
Shirone opened the middle part of The Swordsman vs. The Mage and searched through the pages.
“There may be times when they have no choice but to fight. If that happens, who will win?”
“May I make a rough prediction?”
Abruptly, a sharp voice was heard over the bookshelf.
“Of course, the swordsman would win.”
A man with a cold impression appeared.
He wasn’t as bulky as Rian, but he was much taller, and his limbs were slim and long.
He was the second son of the Ogent Family, Rai Ogent.
Although they were brothers, his atmosphere and appearance was quite different from Rian’s. First, his hair was pitch black.
There were two undiluted characteristics that descended from the Ogent family. Bischoff, the head of the family, the eldest son, and the second son inherited black hair. The light blue hair was passed on to the eldest daughter and the youngest son, Rian.
In addition, Rian’s grandfather, a nationally recognized Grade 3 swordsman, also had blue hair.
The family had a strong bond, but it was interesting how they would sometimes be divided according to mere hair color.
Which heritage stands out depends on the generation, but this time, black hair was leading as Bischoff and Rai had black hair.
“Ah! Hello.”
Shirone quickly bowed his head.
No one knew that he was friends with Rian, so if Rai had heard the conversation a while ago, he would be in trouble.
“The swordsman wins? How can you say that with such conviction? Because you’re one?”
Rian knew that, so he tried to get on Rai’s nerves with a sarcastic tone.
“Conviction? Is it necessary to use such a dramatic word? It’s a fact that can be acknowledged just by knowing where mages and swordsmen lie on each continent.”
Rai didn’t seem to care about his brother’s relationship with the male servant, but Shirone could not relax.
He felt this every time Rai came to the library. He was a difficult man to read.
“Whatever the position, it’s a face-off. You’re not going to talk like that on the battlefield, are you? Imagine saying things like ‘It’s over, I have the high ground!’”
Rian laughed, satisfied.
But Rai didn’t even respond and looked at Shirone with indifferent eyes.
“What do you think, kid?”
“Well… assuming we’re talking about the highest level, magic is definitely powerful enough to inflict fatal wounds on a swordsman. But swordsmen have excellent physical abilities, so if they attack before magic is casted…”
“No, you’re wrong. A mage cannot beat a swordsman.”
Shirone choked up. Although he was only an aspiring mage, he was still undoubtedly working towards becoming a mage.
Rian was pissed that his friend was ignored.
“Who are you to say something like that, huh? You think you’re some kind of swordsman representative?”
The corner of Rai’s lips went up. It was the infamous smirk that Rian detested.
“Not just anyone can gain the dignity of a swordsman. However, money can buy just about everything you need to become a mage.”
There was a hidden criticism behind Rai’s words.
In fact, swordsmen had a way to defend against magic. It was an artifact called ‘Anti-Magic.’
A special mental wavelength contained within Anti-Magic can disturb a mage’s Spirit Zone.
In other words, the artifact reduces concentration.
Artifacts were usually processed in the form of crystal balls and could be installed on armor, shields, and even swords.
The price was also quite high, considering one key material was a dragon’s heart as it emitted the waves required.
However, wearing up to ten artifacts, with each having 10% efficiency, did not equal to 100% efficiency.
This was due to the nature of the waves.
If a new additional wave was to be added to the already existing wave of Anti-Magic, an overlap would occur.
Therefore, the more artifacts one had on, the lower the efficiency.
The best artifact by far to exist was the ‘Armor Set of the Five Gods’ created by the Archmage Yakra.
Artifacts were embedded in helmets, chest plates, gauntlets, boots, and shields. Each with a maximum of 20% efficiency.
The Armor Set of the Five Gods reached an overwhelming 65% efficiency worn all together, which was fatal to a mage.
The percentage was a result of bypassing the overlap of the waves as much as possible.
Come and read on our website wuxia worldsite. Thanks
Another problem was the ‘Essence of the Spirit.’
Four types of essence could be found in nature: fire, water, wind, and earth. And when Anti-Magic is put into the equation, magic activation, along with the elements listed above, could be completely blocked.
The total number of essences known to exist so far was 17. 2 for fire, 3 for water, 5 for wind, and 7 for earth. The value of just a single one exceeded the budget of a small kingdom.
Shirone tried imagining it.
What kind of wizard would be able to win against a master of Schema, equipped with each kind of essence in the Armor Set of the Five Gods?
Of course, it was still all theoretical.
The armor set was scattered all over the world, and the locations were all unclear. Adding to that, it was nearly impossible to obtain an Essence of the Spirit unless you were given explicit permission from a nation that had one.
There was also a problem with installing several Anti-Magic artifacts.
Even Yakra, an expert on wave equations, spent 10 years trying to coordinate the waves of the Armor Set of the Five Gods.
In short, if the waves of Anti-Magic were clumsily coordinated, the ingredients, along with the produced item, would become worthless.
[Translator – Anwen]
[Proofreader – Enigami]
Efficiency did not increase unless the interaction between the waves, the resonance frequency, and the mana relationship was fine-tuned.
It wouldn’t be a joke to say that half of an aristocrat’s wealth could be blown away trying to raise Anti-Magic efficiency by 1%.
But that’s where the dilemma begins.
Rather than investing a huge amount of money to raise the efficiency of Anti-Magic, it was much cheaper to carry around a mage who knew anti-magic spells.
That was what Rai’s words implied.
That a mage was just a subordinate of a swordsman, and that his knowledge could be bought with money.
In fact it was mages, not swordsmen, who developed Anti-Magic.
Even now, numerous mages were studying the effect of dragon mana on the Spirit Zone.
This was because if one ended up with good results, one could gain tremendous wealth and honor.
It was ironic. Mages were creating a weapon that could only do harm to them.
Rai pointed out that dishonorable situation.
Mages would do just about anything for money. This also meant that they could not win a swordsman in terms of pride and honor.
“What do you think? You seem to like history books. You know the position mages in this world. Magic can be sealed off with money, but money cannot stop a sword.
This was a biased, swordsman point of view, but Shirone understood what he was trying to say.
“That is what a mage is.”
“What?”
Rai raised an eyebrow.
Rai thought of the boy as someone who liked magic. So he should have lost his temper, however, contrary to what Rai thought would happen, Shirone admitted it was true… Sort of.
“A mage is a person who persistently digs into the balance of all things. So it’s not strange to study how to suppress magic. What they find important is not whether they win or lose, but whether they know it or not. Artifacts are a result of that never-ending search. For that reason, I think claiming that mages are at a disadvantage is wrong.
Unlike Rian, Rai had a personality that wished to beat his opponent using his brain.
Nevertheless, the reason why he kept his mouth shut was because he couldn’t refute.
Rian struggled to hold back his laughter.
‘Ehehehe! Serve you right! My friend has a way with words! I’m telling you, he has the sharpest tongue. If his tongue were a sword, it would be the sharpest sword in the world!’
Rai’s face gradually began to distort as he could not find a way to refute.
He couldn’t just make up ideas that were never there.
“Well, that is in an ideal world, but the reality is different. It doesn’t change the fact that a mage can’t win against a swordsman.”
Rai coldly turned around and left the library. Rian had a hard time suppressing his laughter.
‘Reality is different? That’s it? Ugh, he reeks of stupidity. Get away from here. Quickly, get lost!’
Then, when the door finally closed, he grabbed Shirone and bursted out laughing.
“PUHAHAHA! Shirone, that was awesome! I’ve never seen my older brother make that kind of face before!”
While being dragged around by Rian, Shirone’s eyes were staring at the place Rai left through.
‘Swordsman vs. Mage!’
Maybe the reality was different, as Rai had said, but Shirone believed he was right.
He believed that the mindset of a mage who explored the boundaries of knowledge without hesitation, despite the fact his weaknesses may show, would overcome a swordsman.
That cold will was the reason for the existence of intelligence in this world.
The Great Library was cold enough to make one feel chilly.
The bookshelf, which used to be filled with knowledge, was now empty. The luminous lamp that had once brightened up the inside was now also turned off.
Only a single ray of sunshine from the 4th floor window shone on Shirone.
Under the sunlight, Shirone turned the pages.
One page after another… Until finally… he finished the last page and closed the book.
Shirone stroked the cover gently.
It was easy work to flip a book.
However, to finally turn the last page after swimming through a sea of books? Now that wasn’t something anyone could do.
850 books of history.
Shirone read all the history books in the Great Library.
‘I’m done… This is my Core of Knowledge.’
It was warm.
He felt the light filling up his heart.
Although he was a hunter’s child, he could now confidently say he knew nearly everything about the whole world!
‘A year and six months!’
Although it was a slow start, after reading and reading, Shirone started to accelerate, and once he did that, he never slowed down again. He sped up so much that he finished his work six months ahead of schedule!
Now, he could go back home any time and there would be no reason for his family’s life to be in danger.
‘It’s like a dream!’
His mind was filled with the numerous experiences he went through the past year and a half.
____
Chapter end

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-100.txt
=============YYYYY=============
[100] Meeting God (2)
“Sirone… … .”
Please enable JavaScript
Amy held Sirone’s hand with her eyes swollen from crying. The teachers were also in a state of distraught, so no one came to see them. No, maybe he had already admitted that Sirone was dead.
But Amy shook her head and denied it. She couldn’t believe that Sirone was dead. She had too many obscure corners to be called an obsession.
Nade offered words of comfort.
“Senior, don’t worry. Sirone will be back.”
“that’s right. Common sense makes no sense. Why the hell are you dying? If you were going to die from casting Mass Teleport, it shouldn’t have been activated from the start. Something strange must have happened to Sirone.”
Iruki frowned in disapproval. She himself has been by her side all night, but he has done nothing more foolish than to mistake the dead for living.
“If you’re going to argue that way, Arcane should have lived too. Just casting magic is enough to kill me.”
“The situation is different with Arcane! Sirone completely opened the immortal function. That has nothing to do with declining brain function!”
“Anyway, it’s the same as exceeding the capacity. Humans can die from any variable. Whether he is dead or alive is what matters, and it is not reasonable to question why he died.”
Nade frowned. Even if it was true, she had things to say and things to say in front of her girlfriends. Just as he was about to shoot, Amy approached Iruki with her cold eyes.
“You, you are as unlucky as ever.”
Iruki looked at Amy with his chin resting on the table. Her eyes were burning red.
‘It’s the Karmis family. Well, if it’s red eyes, it’s immune to spirit-type magic.’
The red face is also a famous trait on the continent. Anti-magic was the only thing that could invade their minds, so it was understandable that they escaped from Abyss Nova. But his thoughts were just there, and soon he turned his gaze away as if he was not interested.
“It’s a bad habit to blame others when you feel bad.”
“no. You are really setting the mood on fire. What are you? Are you really Sirone’s friend? How could you think Sirone is dead?”
“I didn’t think he was dead. They said she was dead.”
“That’s a worse word! And you, how are you talking about Class Five?”
“If you feel bad, refer it to the student council. It’s okay if you get punished.”
Amy couldn’t stand it and approached. She then grabbed Iruki by the collar and lifted him up with the power of schema. Iruki’s legs fell off the ground.
“Say it again. But this time I’ll have to be honest.”
“Oh, you are scared.”
There was no emotion in Iruki’s eyes. She just stared down at Amy with her empty eyes. However, she was the kind of person who would not hesitate to do anything if Amy turned inside out as well.
“Do the same thing I say. Sirone is not dead. Otherwise, you will end up lying next to Sirone.”
“Sirone is dead.”
“Sirone is not dead! Follow me quickly!”
“Sirone is dead.”
Amy’s crimson eyes flickered. Engineered the accuracy of his punches with his self-image memory, he targeted Iruki’s 3rd and 4th teeth and punched him. However, even Iruki’s expression did not change. He was about to stop exactly in front of his lips as he saw his acceleration diminish.
As expected, Amy stopped moving just before hitting. Iruki said dryly as he watched her fist tremble with her resentment.
“Ah, I’m glad.”
“Do not be ridiculous! Unlucky Servant. People like you don’t even understand the meaning of my stopping my fists.”
Amy couldn’t hit Iruki. No matter how much she hated her, she was Sirone’s friend.
“It means to stop the fist. To the extent that I just drained my strength needlessly?”
Sparks flew in Amy’s eyes.
“So, with that gaping mouth, are you saying Sirone is dead too? I know that? People like you don’t even deserve to have friends.”
“Maybe. But do you deserve it?”
“What is it? this is real… … !”
Amy pulled her collar again and raised her fist. Then, Iruki frowned at her for the first time and shook off her hand that was holding her collar.
“Ah, sir!”
As Amy looked at her while shaking her hands, Iruki walked over to the bed and pointed at Sirone.
“You are the one who is pitiful. Does this look really alive? I can’t breathe, my heart has stopped! But the truth is, you guys are talking nonsense, like saying you’re alive, saying there’s something strange going on, what kind of friends are you guys!”
“Then what! Sirone is in a situation like this, what are you asking me to do!”
“So think about it!”
Iruki shouted with an excited expression that was not usually seen.
“If you think you are alive, do you think the dead will come to life? If you’re in the mood to talk nonsense like that, think of a way to bring the dead back to life!”
Amy, who bit her lip looking for something to say, finally realized and bowed her head sullenly. Iruki was right. Sirone was mathematically dead.
Nade said with a sad expression.
“I know what you mean. But, Iruki, how do you live? Like a way to bring the dead back to life… … There can be no way.”
“Hmph, that’s your limit.”
Iruki closed the door until there was a bang and went outside. Silence fell in the infirmary. Nade was relieved as Amy sat in her chair and covered her face.
“Seniors. Don’t hate me too much. Iruki is also doing that because he is frustrated.”
“it’s okay. I don’t want to worry about a child like that. To think of a way to raise the dead? Why don’t you know that’s a bigger wound?”
Nade couldn’t answer that either. It may be an act like Iruki, but it was also true that I felt sorry for such a friend today.
After leaving the infirmary, Iruki frowned as he walked down the hallway. The two people I most wanted to see were waiting. Kanis was leaning her back against the wall, and Arin seemed uneasy to find where to put her gaze.
As the person who led this situation, we have to strictly monitor it, but the problem was that the current situation was not relaxed enough to pay attention to them.
Of course, it was the same that Iruki didn’t have any composure. Had he decided to run away anyway, he would have run away right away. Even so, he couldn’t escape the eyes of the Magic Association.
“Did you come to salt people? Or are you going to apologize now?”
Canis bounced on her back and fell off the wall.
“It’s both. I came to do salting and also to apologize. It’s okay to die in battle, but it’s embarrassing that Sirone sacrificed herself for something meaningless. But I think you got the timing wrong.”
He must have heard the sound of fighting with Amy outside. Iruki scratched his head annoyedly at the thought that he had shown a bad appearance and said.
“Good idea. If you go in now, you won’t see anything good. The girl in the infirmary will start by breaking your leg. Try your best anyway. I go.”
Canis followed Iruki’s eyes as she passed by.
“It doesn’t matter. Getting the timing wrong means that the opportunity is gone. How can I apologize to someone who is already dead?”
Iruki, who stopped walking, looked back at Canis and widened her eyes terribly.
“what?”
“I totally agree with your opinion. dead is dead Seeing him making a fuss with the corpse lying down made me want to apologize.”
Iruki thought for a moment, then burst out laughing.
“You speak well on the subject of dying and coming back to life. who’s idea is that? you? Or a shadow?”
“… … Do you want to play here?”
“Sirone is, from my point of view, a pretty annoying friend.”
When Iruki brought up a sudden story, Kanis’s forehead crumpled.
“Actually, I am a very strange and bad guy. So I decided to limit myself. In other words, Sirone is like my lock.”
“joy. What a weak idea.”
“is it? Well, if it wasn’t for Sirone, I don’t know if I would have thought of this. Anyway, there is no such sirone now. So I want you to be careful with your words from now on.”
Feeling something from Iruki, Arin took a step back.
“Because I am different from Sirone. You can do anything crazy if you put your mind to it. So you’d better pray that Sirone will surely come alive and dry me.”
Iruki’s eyes began to shine as he glared at Canis. Sparks from her cerebrum shone through her eyeballs.
“If Sirone ends like this, I will kill you first, no matter what.”
As Canis’ mental channel opened, Harvest’s brainwaves came through.
-Kanis, it’s a warning level. Caught in targeting
-know. You already knew what a Servant was.
– It’s not like that. The calculation speed is incredibly fast. It is estimated to be more than 10,000 times faster than our mental channels when calculated from the movement of the Spirit Zone.
Canis couldn’t believe it. The exchange of opinions with Harvest is faster than the speed of thought. 10,000 times faster there was a speed that could not even be imagined by human common sense.
-What level is that?
-This is the amount of information enough to analyze all events that occur in the city for 3 seconds. You need a special strategy to deal with them. But we are criminals. Causing an accident here has the potential to put things at a disadvantage.
Canis didn’t want to back down. This stubbornness was the reason he was selected as Arcane’s disciple, but the timing was not good. Arin intervened while Harvest desperately tried to stop him.
“But doesn’t that mean you also think Sirone isn’t dead?”
Iruki’s Spirit Zone disappeared. Arin, who was watching her live through menarche, felt that her breath was now free. Iruki took control of his heart. He must be cool than anyone else. It was enough for the idiots in the infirmary to get swept away by emotions.
“Sirone is dead. If you don’t admit the facts, there will be no solution. I’m just thinking rationally.”
“no. You believe Sirone is alive. Maybe more than the two people in that room.”
Iruki made an impression. The Servant had the strongest ability to calculate the causal rate of an event. There was no room for illogical sensibility to intervene.
“What are you talking about knowing about me?”
“I have the ability called menarche. We perceive everything as if we are seeing it for the first time. So I can’t remember the shape of things. It looks different every time.”
“so? What do you mean by that?”
“I can see your emotions in my eyes. In a completely different form from what other people see.”
“I am fine. dead is dead There is no room for emotion.”
“no. different.”
Arin shook his head.
“Because you are crying with a very sad expression right now.”
Iruki couldn’t answer.
As Arin said, a hundred words were useless in front of menarche.
That night.
The door to the infirmary opened slowly.
Amy was lying on the cot, exhausted from crying, and Nade was napping in a chair in the corner.
Iruki approached Sirone. Sleeping and dying feel different. Seeing Sirone’s cold face made me feel like I was going to collapse.
In the morning, teachers will come to check on Sirone. To hold a funeral, embalming would be done first, but then it had to be seen that there was no way to save Sirone anymore.
Iruki managed to control his emotions and took out the scalpel hidden in his arms.
‘I will definitely save you.’
I looked at Amy and Nade, but there was no sign of getting up. She’s been there for 2 days already and she’s been extremely stressed so no wonder. Only then did Iruki use a scalpel.
The blade reflected in the moonlight cut through Sirone’s skin.
—————————————

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-1000.txt
=============YYYYY=============
What is Infinite(2)
The Borshua region of Akros Kingdom.
Sirone, who was walking on a steep mountain road, suddenly stopped.
“Heh! Heck!”
Nade, who had been climbing the slope with his tongue sticking out like a dog, looked back while touching the ground.
“what’s the matter? it’s hard?”
“It is gone.”
“huh’?”
Iruki, who was going in the lead, turned around and put his butt to the ground with a bang.
“Let’s get some rest. What is it?”
“One of the simultaneous events is missing. No, maybe I am not feeling it.”
“Where is it?”
“Spirit of Ymir. To be precise, the moment I was engulfed in Guffin’s Hand of God, I lost my presence.”
“A guffin?”
It wasn’t a real guffin, but it took too long to explain in detail.
“Anyway, the signal was cut. Quantum signals are not entangled with me here
would mean.”
Nade tilted his head.
“Can you? Quantum signals transcend time and space. How do you stop that?”
“No. At least in this universe, it’s impossible. If there is only one possibility… …
Sirone rested her chin and said.
“The current me and the me in Ymir’s mind have become completely different people.”
Nade’s face went pale.
“No way, the dead… …
“No, it won’t be. Because I’m alive and well here
peel.”
The friends could indirectly know that Sirone’s life was connected.
Iruki said.
“If not dead, is it like rising to a higher level? But you are the infinite magician.”
“Even if that were the case, the quantum signals would overlap. Then what’s left? Sirone stopped talking.
‘The outside world.’
If combined with information from outside the universe, even the Ultima system could be blocked.
‘What happened?’ I wanted to check right away, but Sirone, who was already in Le’s mind, didn’t seem to think so.
“Nothing will change. let us proceed like this It will be revealed when your mission is over.”
After Iruki got up from his seat, the three of them started riding the steep mountain path again.
“I’m going to die hard. Now I don’t know where this is. Aren’t you wasting your time?”
Iruki patted his head.
“According to the map in my head, the demon army did not pass through this place. Of course, the road has to be rough.”
Arriving at the top around sunset, Sirone and the others frowned and vomited.
“Ugh!”
There was a great stench.
“The smell must have been trapped in a place surrounded by mountains. It depends on the quality of the air. how… …
Iruki looked under the mountain, but even the moon was covered by clouds, so he could not see anything.
“Let’s go.”
The downhill road was a little faster, and I arrived at the halfway point, illuminating the map in my head.
“what’s this… …
The fence of a small village with about 100 families came into sight.
The signboard at the entrance to the village was broken, but it was unreadable due to dried blood.
“Let’s go in.”
Amidst the sound of the windows shaking in the wind, I saw a corpse lying on the street.
“Whoa!”
The maggot-covered corpse was so decomposed that even the beasts of the field were not interested.
Iru picked up a branch and looked at the body.
Key said.
“My head was broken by a blunt instrument.”
“Is it a demon?”
“Looking at the traffic line, the distance is too far. Besides, the buildings are too intact to be the work of demons.”
“Then maybe it’s the aftereffects of an emotional illness… …
This time, Sirone shook her head.
“It’s not impossible, but emotional disease will spread to the southwest from Tormia. This is in the northeast, so it’s on the opposite side of the transmission route.”
Iruki threw a tree branch and said.
“Let’s take a look. There might be survivors.”
The number of corpses increased towards the center of the village, and all of them were hit on the head with a blunt instrument.
“Sirone, here.”
The words ‘I am the King’ were written in blood on the wall Nade pointed to.
The corpse of a man with two severed wrists sat beneath the wall, looking sullen.
“Sirone, do you know who it is?”
“no. It’s already been 22 years, so I can’t tell just by looking at your face. At least if you know the name… …
Nade rummaged through the man’s clothes.
“There is something.” When I took it out and checked it, it was a letter from someone.
“Can you read it?”
“huh. Sirone, some fire.”
As Nade approached, Sirone and Iruki clung to each other and read the letter together.
-Honey, something is wrong. I can’t stand it because I’m anxious. She’s that girl, yeah, that girl she never names?
“The woman?” Listening to Nade’s voice, Sirone continued to read her words.
-Remember, honey. During the time we were born and raised in this village, have we ever met anyone from outside the village? The evil woman tricked her chief with cunning words and made a mess of everything in her. And in the end… … She even sacrificed our child.
Sirone was uneasy as the man’s severed hands popped up at this moment.
– I have a confession to make. actually… … When I was young, I met someone from out of town. He rescued me from getting lost after injuring my leg while gathering herbs. With the mighty power of God Yor. He taught me the heart of love.
Iruki thought.
‘A figure from the Church of Yor. Did they meet during missionary work?’
– The reason you kept it a secret until now… … You know how the villagers are afraid of the outside. but i know That this world is full of God’s love.
‘Afraid of the outside world.’
Sirone’s eyes deepened as he read the letter.
-The woman! A vicious and ferocious bitch! The devil is clear! I’m afraid the villagers believe her words. is it so! As if in a dream, it seems that everyone in the village is dreaming with their eyes open.
‘Is it some kind of hypnotism?’
It would be easiest to think so, but Sirone felt that he was missing something.
‘No, this is not like that.’
-I’m going to go to the sacred place of God with the chief. Maybe I can make people wake up from their dreams. Only I can make this work.
The woman continued writing on the next line.
– I’m sick of fighting you. It’s the villagers who are crazy, not me. Look at our new born son. Take Leas and run away. If you don’t believe me, we will lose our son.
Nade recited the last name written on it.
“Wife, Ravika.”
Omega’s record was retrieved from the library of knowledge made up of Sirone’s 5-dimensional cube.
‘That’s a lot.’
There were numerous Ravicas in the universe, and among them were humans from other civilizations.
However, Terra Force was the only race in the universe that could cross the barrier of the speed of light.
‘It’s a different story when it comes to individuals.’
Sirone set the region and year within the physically possible range.
‘Only one person. This is the person.’
From what comes to mind only up to the age of seven, her present age must be twenty-nine.
“This is Kashiram Village. It was built 230 years ago by war refugees. It has been self-sufficient in isolation from the outside world for a long time.”
Iruki said.
“There are too few corpses for the number of buildings. It looks like you went to the place called God’s Holy Land written in the letter.”
Nade flew into the sky and pointed forward.
“Sirone, Iruki. Let’s go over there.”
As I ran to where Nade was flying, I saw a building completely demolished.
It was the largest building, and all the materials were turned into charcoal as if there had been a fire.
“The town hall. Why did you burn it?” After casting Hand of God, Sirone grabbed the building with her huge hand of light.
When I lifted a handful, the miserable scenery inside the town hall was revealed.
Each of the charred corpses lay with their jaws wide open and their bodies twisted.
“There was a fight here.”
Putting down the rubble of the building, Sirone examined the collapsed stone wall on the side of the auditorium.
“It looks like the building collapsed on fire. Maybe there are some that haven’t been burned.”
When the Hand of God raised the wall with his thumb and forefinger, a poster made of planks was revealed.
On the left side, there was a writing written by the village chief.
– Worship. As God’s messenger, I say, you will be able to enter God’s holy land by burning the place you return to.
There was a guide text on the right.
-We are going to burn down the town hall at 5pm, so everyone is welcome. Those who have circumstances or will not attend will be punished by God. Bringing food is prohibited, and there is a ceremony where everyone’s sins are atoned for with the blood of an innocent child.
said Nade.
“Something… … It seems normal, but it is abnormal.”
“You call it crazy. Anyway, let’s find a place called God’s Holy Land.” Sirone and the others inspected the village. The scenery decorated with the corpses of murders and suicides tested the courage in itself.
Arriving at the place where the warehouse buildings were gathered, Sirone pointed to the other side of the waterwheel.
“There are signs of an explosion.”
At the bottom of the cliff, I saw a huge pile of stones.
“The entrance must have been sealed.”
It was a question of what power they used to blow up the entrance after living a closed life for 200 years.
Iruki said.
“Judging from the decomposition of the body, the time is at least three weeks. Whatever happened, it’s already over.”
“You’ll know when you go.”
When the Hand of God moved a large rock, a gap was opened for a person to enter.
As I entered it, I saw a winding road lined with sharp stalactites.
“hey! Who is it?”
No sound could be picked up except the echo of Nade’s voice.
How much time had passed, Iruki asked as he crawled through the narrow entrance.
“But why did you block the entrance? It’s not big enough to get out by manpower.”
“well. To keep them from escaping?”
“But the village chief also entered. Besides, it bothers me that they told me not to bring food.”
Many thoughts ran through my head, but I couldn’t figure it out without checking it myself.
A sound came from the other side of the narrow passage.
“Kreuk. Kreuk.”
” Shh.”
At the same time as Nade gave the signal, Sirone lowered the intensity of her Shining magic.
‘Infrared vision.’
Upon activating the Miracle Stream, Sirone and the others’ eyes peeled off the darkness in a pale green color.
‘Sir… …
Three people curled up like rats were swallowing something with their faces buried in the belly of the dead body.
“Give me your finger.”
His tone was so calm, to the ears of the three of them, it sounded like ‘Give me that salt shaker over there.’
“It’s cold. It’s cold.”
Hearing reconstructed the scene even though he tried to turn away, and Nade couldn’t stand it in the end.
“What are you guys doing here?” As the three surrounding the corpse raised their heads, I could see their eyes in infrared vision.
“who is this! who!”
On the other hand, they couldn’t see Sirone and the others.
“Speak quickly! What are you doing by locking the villagers in a cave!”
“Aww! Devil, devil!”
Unlike being invisible, it was surprisingly fast when it came to running away.
“Looks like you memorized the topography. Shall we pursue?” Nade creates lightning magic and water
However, Sirone shook her head.
“no. Let’s look at this.”
The body was severely mutilated, and most of the flesh had fallen off.
“I feel like throwing up.”
Unlike Nade, Iruki was calm.
“At least there was no food. In this way, it can last for more than three weeks. The question is why.” There was cold anger in the eyes of the three people who gazed into the depths of the cave at the same time.

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-1001.txt
=============YYYYY=============
“What do we do?”
Iruki’s words presupposed a case where what they imagined was correct.
“First, we need to figure out the context.” It was the wizard’s tendency not to make hasty judgments about a single case.
“It’s something that can be completely different depending on your point of view. If you were trapped here against your will and couldn’t stand the hunger… … Nade asked.
“Isn’t it a sin?”
“Well, there has to be a social consensus about that, but… … . I just want to say that it is natural for a hungry creature to eat.”
Iruki said.
“It’s a cold world.”
“huh. There is one thing I want to know from them. Whether the standard for this act is the law or the heart.”
The cool energy in Sirone’s voice caused the friends to shut up.
“let’s go. Being still here means that there is no exit.”
“What if you do this even though there is an exit?”
Sirone took a long breath.
“… … Let’s hear it.”
Rejecting the delusions that endlessly filled up in her mind, Sirone stepped into the deep darkness.
The road seemed to gradually get narrower, but when we arrived at the end, there was a large space.
When someone’s torch hurt her eyes, Sirone turned off her infrared vision.
“Are you the village chief?”
He vowed not to judge, but his tone was harsh.
It must have been because of the overly clear eyes of the old man and the smell of blood that emanated from him.
“I am the chief of Kashiram. Where are you from?”
said Nade.
“Where did you come from, did you come from outside? If we don’t explain the horrors that happened in the village… …
Before he could finish his words, the village chief fell flat on his face.
“Save us!”
As Sirone and the others looked at him in bewilderment, he raised his head and wept.
“Life… … I didn’t think I could live. Suddenly the entrance collapsed. She’s what the woman did. We were all fooled. Alas, I should have listened to Ravika.”
According to the letter, it seemed that Ravika was the only sane person in the village.
“Where are you now? Are you alive?” The village chief shook his head.
“I was foolish. I came to my senses only after the escape route was gone. We tried our best to get out, but in vain. One by one they lost their lives.”
Iruki asked.
“Any survivors?”
“Including myself and these friends, there are a total of 7 people. When we first came in, there were over 100 people.”
Shirone’s expression turned to embarrassment.
“Seven out of 100? How long have you been there to sacrifice that many?”
“I do not know. What day is it today? It’s all dark here. We set up an expedition to find a way out, but we couldn’t come back.”
The village chief bowed his head again.
“please! please us… … . Tell us where the exit is!”
“First we go to the survivors.” As Sirone walked forward, the village chief was able to identify the source of the voice.
“huh?”
They were much younger than expected, and no one even had a weapon.
“How can we get here without fire… … No, is there really a way out?”
Nade shot.
“I came in because I was there. I will guide you quickly.”
The startled village chief looked back at the men behind him and moved towards the side road.
The men then turned around, and Sirone did not let go of the bloody club held by one of them.
As I entered along the side road, I came across a small room with people’s clothes piled up and spread on the floor.
When the village chief brought the stranger in, the three people who were waiting in the room jumped to their feet.
It was a woman in her mid-40s and a young sibling who looked like a child.
‘Women and children.’
If the only survivors were strong men, the suspicion would have tipped even more.
“Chief, who are these people?”
“Greetings. These are the people who came from the outside to save us. I can live now.”
The woman’s eyes flickered for a moment, but soon she covered her face as if she was moved.
“really… … Are you really able to get out? God, God was watching us.”
“You have to listen to that.”
Iruki said.
“I found a letter in the village. Did you guys kill Ravika’s child?”
“Absolutely not!”
The village chief held out both hands.
“At first I tried to do that. She is tricked by that evil woman’s kinks. In fact, the village was on the verge of destruction. From one day, animals and plants dried up, and whenever I drank water from the mountains, I had diarrhea and vomiting. Then the woman came to town. She had to offer her sacrifice to the gods, she did. she was a child The only children in the village were Ravika’s children.”
After explaining the situation in the shortest possible time, he changed his eyes and continued.
“But I came to my senses. The entrance to the cave collapsed, and I finally realized I had been tricked. Probably all the villagers who didn’t come died. She’s a witch. She must have taken the child with her.”
“all right.”
Remembering what you heard, you asked Shiro.
“Then let me tell you what happened here. The reason you were able to survive here for over three weeks, isn’t it because there were victims in some way?”
“Hey, that… … !”
Sirone interrupted the village chief.
“I don’t mean to criticize. However, they must have been the same villagers, so how did they sacrifice themselves?”
The village chief turned to the woman and said in a sad voice.
“At first, I tried to hold on. I swore and promised again and again that people shouldn’t be like this. Gradually exhausted, one person died. He was the oldest person in our village.”
I didn’t want to ask for your name.
“Then, an agreement was reached. At least I think so. No one said anything first, but I was so hungry and hungry… …
Nade did not waver.
“What next?”
“One time is difficult. Why were there so many victims? At that time, there were over 90 mouths. One corpse couldn’t handle it. It even happened that they were fighting to get what was left. It was a fight, and in the end it was decided to draw lots. And so… … That’s how I endured until here.”
Amidst the silence, Sirone asked back.
“A lottery?”
“Yes, I survived that way. To avoid misunderstanding, I also cast lots. These kids will prove it.”
said the girl.
“Really. Brother, please save me. It’s so hard, I can’t stand it.”
Entrusting one’s life to chance is the same as entrusting it to the law.
‘There is no sin in the cold world.’
Because God is indifferent.
‘If no manipulation has been done, and if what they say is true… …
Sirone asked again.
“Where are the bodies of the victims? There won’t even be ashes, right?”
“Ah, that… …
When the village chief was visibly embarrassed, Nade, who was watching for an opportunity, yelled at him.
“Speak quickly! Where did you hide it?”
At that moment, the man with the club was vicious
I opened one eye and took a step.
He ate well and was strong, so the threats of kids who had just turned 20 were not the same.
“Stop it. Aren’t they the young people who came to rescue us?”
The reason the village chief stopped the man was because of a question that lingered in his mind.
‘How did you get in here?’
He, who did not even know the concept of infrared vision, had no way to know the identity of Sirone and the others.
“sorry. The remains were put away. Too scared to be around… …
The boy burst into tears.
“Please let me go. I want to get out quickly. yes?”
“It was almost perfect.”
As soon as Sirone took a step, the crying stopped and the village chief and the men retreated.
‘ what?’
Looking at Sirone’s eyes, it felt like an intangible sword was piercing his heart.
‘ like??????
Like when I first saw her.
“What are you talking about? you are perfect Are you saying we lied? If so, I can show you the remains even now.”
“No, I already saw it.”
Sirone’s spirit zone went beyond the cave and spread synesthesia throughout the mountain.
“I was praying for a reason. There must be a reason for hiding the survivors down there… …
The village chief’s gaze moved to the side.
‘How did know?’
The villagers, who had retreated whenever Sirone moved, eventually clung to the wall.
“There is only one thing that bothers me. That you, who had done such a terrible thing, left this woman and her children behind.”
“That, that is pitiful… …
Sirone’s eyes glared fiercely at the children.
“Who are you?”
As soon as he finished speaking, a man holding a club charged at Sirone.
“Die!”
At the same time, Nade entered the man’s arms and struck him in the side.
“Aaaaaaa!”
The man whose whole body was vibrating rolled over his eyes and collapsed, and the village chief shouted as he ran away.
“Stop!”
“Kiyi!”
The eyes that revealed their true colors were insane, but they were no match anyway.
Two people fell out of the photon cannon, and the woman led the children and shouted.
“Kill! They are bad people!”
Each of the children grabbed their swords and rushed forward, but Sirone’s eyes did not waver.
Judgment has already been made.
“… … Photon Cannon.”
As the children hit by the flash flew to the left and right of the woman, she fell to her knees.
“You guys, what the hell are you doing?” Nade approached her with electricity coiling around her arm.
“You are the one who reveals your identity. It would be better to blow gently. I am a very scary person.”
Averting her gaze, she suddenly stuck out her tongue and bit it hard with her teeth.
Sirone and the others were just watching.
Realizing her mistake, the woman took out a dagger and shouted with her mouth dripping with blood.
“Leave me alone!”
The blow pierced his own heart, and she collapsed to the floor with a breathless expression on her face.
“He is dead.”
Iruki looked at the woman and turned his head.
“Let’s go after the village chief. We have to save the survivors first.”
After casting Shining Magic, Sirone ran quickly through the cave as bright as daylight.
Climbing down a pit that fell almost vertically, I saw an iron spear with survivors trapped inside.
About 20 people were imprisoned, among which a young woman grabbed the bar and asked.
“Who are you?”
Seeing normal eyes, Sirone was convinced.
“Ravika.”
She gave a shocked expression for a moment, but then came back to her senses and shouted.
“Catch the village chief! We must kill her before she comes! The author is the devil!”
With Nade and Iruki guarding the rear, Sirone walked down the sidewalk.
“Hehe. Hehehe.”
Unusual laughter heard even before turning a corner, and a disgusting smell.
A curse came out of Nade’s mouth.
“Bastard.”
Buried by more than 20 corpses, the village chief raised his arms with an ecstatic expression.
There was a lot of waiting.
“Welcome to God’s Holy Land.”

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-1002.txt
=============YYYYY=============
The sight of the corpses tangled up gave me the feeling that even the dignity I had before being alive had collapsed.
“What is God?”
The village chief said with a fishy smile.
“In other words, what is transcending the human, transcending?”
He raised the corpse’s wrists and said, warming the body with loving eyes.
“He used a strange ability. Well, in a sense, that can also be called strength.”
When the village chief let go of his hand, the corpse’s arm fell off.
“How hard did you work? To be safer, to get more. But that is not God.”
Nade shot.
“What does that have to do with doing this? You are just a vicious killer.”
“A murderer? You shouldn’t define me with such a low concept. At least in this place.”
The village headman lifted the corpse’s eyelids and looked into the lifeless pupils in rapture.
“Prove that I am God.”
Then he jerked his head and began to dismember the corpses with his hands.
Nade put on a disgusted expression.
“Kuu!”
“These things, I can’t resist. Do you know what it feels like to be perfectly safe? Have you ever felt that way in your life? but i’m feeling it Even if you do something like this, or even if you do something like this… …
Electricity surged from Nade’s body, but Sirone raised her arm to block it.
“No one can harm me. It’s perfect strength. That’s why the corpse, the body, this fragrant blood… …
The village chief picked up something with his hand, bit it, and his eyelids trembled.
“It is the gold and silver treasure given by God.”
“okay.”
Sirone couldn’t stand it any longer.
“There is only one thing I want to hear. who’s behind it? The person called that woman. where is she now?”
“Puhahaha!” When the village chief burst into laughter, blood splattered.
“back? Foolish humans! Who do you think I am! I am a God! Your corpses will also be played in my hands here!”
“Saying that… …
Nade rolled up his sleeves and approached.
“Let’s get it right for now.”
The body wrapped in blue electricity rushed at the village chief with the sound of burning air.
The moment when 5 fingers try to grab your face.
“stop.”
Hearing the woman’s voice from behind, Nade couldn’t resist and landed powerlessly.
When Sirone turned around, the woman who had been imprisoned a moment before was standing there.
“Ravika?”
Sirone shook his head at Nade’s words.
“No, it’s different.”
I couldn’t find it if I had to point it out, but the temperament that people gave off had changed.
‘What has changed is the mind.’
In the realm of emotions, I had a rough idea of who was behind all of this.
“Make your appearance, Five O’clock of Prejudice.” Iruki, what I heard from Sirone
and Nade asked, squinting.
“If it’s the 5 o’clock of prejudice, is it Shi-ok?”
Ravika was just smiling, and the village chief shook his shoulders and stood up.
“Kikiki! Didn’t you tell me! I am God!”
Iruki realized the identity of ‘that woman’.
‘The existence of the behind world is an emotion in reality. not a living human It is an evil that has penetrated the hearts of the villagers.’
Nade asked nervously.
“Shiok? Wasn’t it to protect Satan?”
“The concept of time and space is meaningless. Because 0.666 seconds is the time the law does not handle. If you cast the stop magic, it will probably reveal itself… …
Perhaps Ravika will commit suicide.
Just as the mother of two siblings who were brainwashed at the 5 o’clock of prejudice stabbed themselves in the heart.
“Knock-knock! That’s right! This woman has quite a good mental skill. But you can’t beat me.”
“Did you leave it there on purpose?”
“I did not know? The reason evil triumphs is because good is weak. It’s not that you leave it alone because you can’t get rid of it, it’s that you leave it because you need it. If everything goes bad, where will we get our pleasure?”
That is the essence of evil.
Therefore, in order to overcome evil, a philosopher who is far from human standards is needed as much as evil.
Ravika opened her arms wide.
“That truth is valid even in the present situation. Come on, look. The only one who tried to save this village is right in front of you. Do you think you can kill me?”
It was not something that would be hidden even if it was hidden, so this rookie confessed without hesitation.
“I can’t kill you. But that doesn’t make me weak.”
“What do you know, what do you think? The important thing is that Satan won again. Poor Yahweh, you can never achieve what you want. No matter how many demons die, as long as humans are tempted by evil, war is our victory.”
Nade moved on.
“I think you are misunderstanding something, Yahweh is Sirone. And I’m just an ordinary, highly emotional human being.”
As blue electricity radiated from his body, the inside walls of the cave glowed so much that it hurt the eyes.
“I will kill you, Sirone. It’s not for you, it’s my choice. Do not dry it.”
The village chief shouted as he rubbed his body against the corpse.
“Euhehehe]! stupid things! Still don’t know! The joy of the flesh is the divine… …
Iruki’s atomic spring exploded.
The body of the village headman, who was thrown out with a roar, was mixed with the corpses and became indistinguishable.
Nade, who had lost his temper, was about to jump out when Ravika pointed his index finger at him.
“Sirone is your enemy.”
As soon as the words ran out, a tremendous change began to occur in Nade’s mind.
“Keugh!”
Five o’clock of prejudice.
If you define something, everyone thinks so.
“Sirone is the enemy who killed your family. Do not be deceived by those who wear the mask of Yahweh.”
‘No, it can’t be.’
Even though I knew it made no sense, my mind kept multiplying my doubts.
“Kill Sirone. Get your revenge.”
“shut up! There must have been a reason! Shiro You killed my family… … There must have been a reason!”
The five o’clock of prejudice surprised me anew.
‘Can you stand this? It actually means that even if Shirona killed her family, she could bear with it… …
Iruki also looked at Sirone with displeasure, but seemed unwilling to take action.
“Gig-kick, it’s a tearful friendship.”
Ravika gave a twisted smile.
“Kill! Sirone brutally slaughtered your family! He killed it with a smile too!”
“Aaaaaaa!”
As the thunderbolts seemed to explode, Sirone spoke.
“Nade, you don’t have to hold out. I’ll stop you. not your sincerity That woman’s ability.”
“??????no.”
Nade’s face contorted like a demon.
“Even if it’s the devil’s power, even if you killed my family, kill it with a smile… …
His anger was amplifying with every word he uttered.
“still… …
The terrifying half of Nade’s face slowly loosened and tears flowed down his face.
“No, Sirone? Is that a lie?”
‘Five o’clock of prejudice.’
Sirone’s eyes widened with murderous intent.
‘I want to kill him.’
The reason he was still holding on was because of the one chance Nade would give him.
I finally realized the seriousness of the 5 o’clock of prejudice.
‘Isn’t there a hidden code? no, that can’t be No matter how great the skill of the mind is… …
Being able to deal with anger, the most difficult emotion to suppress, was phenomenal.
“uh? uh? uh?”
At that moment, Nade flinched and his eyes gradually began to roll upward.
‘Come, come!’
All thoughts faded away, and a thunderbolt of fury erupted, smashing through the cave ceiling.
“Kuaaaaa!”
incarnation of anger.
The brain god made of electricity roared and scratched everyone in the space with its claws.
“bump!”
Sirone did not miss the momentary bright energy in Ravika’s eyes.
‘Now!’
stop.
As time stopped, I saw a woman in a black robe slipping away from Ravika.
“Yaaaaa!”
With the anger so far, the Hand of God grabbed the 5 o’clock of prejudice and went up.
A hole was opened in the deep cave, the sky was visible, and the hidden code was unlocked.
When Nade, who had already lost his temper, went outside, Iruki, who had regained his senses, shouted.
“Sirone! I’ll take care of this!”
“please!”
Sirone flew out of the cave and found the five o’clock of prejudice descending into the deep shadows.
“kill.”
When the Hand of God slammed the ground, the mountain shook with a thud.
Next, Nade’s god of thunder hit the ground and instantly ignited the surroundings with electricity.
The sight of thousands of lightning flashes was spectacular, and plants turned to ash in an instant.
“ha! ha!”
Even after regaining his reason, Nade shuddered with anger at the 5 o’clock prejudice.
“Damn it! doggish… … !”
Sirone ran to the side.
“Nade, are you okay?”
“Yeah, sorry. Unknowingly, I was excited.”
“no. Thanks to that, we were able to reduce the number of victims. Ravika-san will be fine too.”
Nade looked ahead.
“Is he dead? No, can you kill’?”
“At 0.666 seconds in reality, Shiok is in the state of a fertility god. If you hit it right, your chances of surviving are slim.”
Iruki came with the survivors.
“How is it?”
“As you can see.”
It was more effective to show the scene where the whole area was devastated than a hundred words.
Ravika fell to her knees in tears.
“Ah, God Yor. I have succumbed to the temptations of evil. Punish me.”
Sirone put his hand on her shoulder.
“Don’t beat yourself up. That woman is the strongest evil that even Yora can’t bear. You did your best.”
“Husband, how are your husband and our children?”
Sirone chose his words carefully.
“Your prayer worked. Her husband, Boone, took her child and tried to get out of town.”
The phrase ‘I am the king’ remained in my heart, but there was no need to reveal it.
Iruki pointed towards the entrance of the village.
“Sirone, look over there.”
A long procession of torches came in, and I heard the clanking of ironclads.
About 80 soldiers armed with ivory-colored armor approached Sirone’s party.
“stop!”
The captain on the horse drew up his troops and took off his chin-length helmet.
She was a woman with blonde hair and a high nose.
“What are you guys?”
The tone was not good, and the longsword with the torch burning was aimed at Sirone’s forehead.
“To think that there are still people in a place filled with evil energy. Reveal your identity quickly. Otherwise… …
Nade, still excited, approached, flicking the blade with his fingers.
“Then what are you?
The soldiers drew their swords.
“Can’t you step back! How dare you threaten Paladin, the sex organ of Lamie religion!”
Sirone’s eyes widened.
“huh? Lamigyo?”
It was the largest religion in the world and the only denomination with a pope.
“Yes! It is an expedition of God sent by the pope himself to subdue the evils of the world! Come on, get down on your knees!”
The woman raised her hand.
“No, it is. Earthquake and lightning that happened a little while ago. It must have been created by the evil that resides on this mountain. Where did he go?”
Nade pointed down the mountain.
“If that’s the case… …
The faces of the soldiers who followed their fingers and turned their heads suddenly turned pale.
“Pal, paladin. Look over there.”
“Why are you making such a fuss? Tsk.”
She frowned and turned her head, but she also looked at the scenery and was at a loss for words.
“That… … what?”
On the burnt earth, there were fist marks that changed the terrain itself.

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-1003.txt
=============YYYYY=============
The paladin of the Church of Lamie recalled the ancient ruins he had seen during his pilgrimage to the Holy Land.
Traces that humans cannot create, but which are too artificial to be seen as having been done by nature.
‘Who are these guys?’
Paladin looked back at Sirone and the others.
“I am Seina, a high-ranking paladin who belongs to the trust management department of Lamie Church. Who are you guys?”
“I am Iruki.”
currently unemployed.
“I am Nade.”
Same.
However, the name was familiar to some paladins lined up behind the paladin.
“Iruki? Nade? I’m sure you’re going somewhere… …
Since they were key figures involved in the World War, we had no choice but to hear about them through rumors.
“You’re a Valkyrie total soldier!”
Hearing those words, Seina squinted one eye while another subordinate spoke.
“Then Nade… … Nade that room’?”
The fact that he was a big player more than expected, the paladin’s energy that had been expanding had softened a little.
Seina looked back at Sirone.
“Then who are you?”
Nade decided that this was an opportunity and stepped forward.
“joy! Speaking of this person, he is my friend, the Five Great Stars of the Ivory Tower, and the era’s… …
“My name is Sirone.”
Just that was enough, and the tumultuous sound so far disappeared in an instant.
They were obviously surprised, but looking at their reactions in detail, they were different from Nade’s expectations.
‘what? Why is hostility… …
Sirone knew why.
‘Lamicyo, the world’s largest denomination. There’s no way they’d be happy with me fighting alongside Zion.’
When Miro established Zion, great seekers from all religions of the world gathered.
Many people came over from Lamie, but the pope did not like it.
Putting aside the pride of being the world’s largest religion, it was because Zion’s philosophy did not match Lamie religion.
‘Miro believed that no matter what god he believed in, the poles worked. But Lamie is different. They regard any religion that believes in any god other than the monotheistic Cria as heresy.’
“You are Yahweh, the creator of the religion of fraternity?”
As expected, Seina’s tone was not nice.
“It is not a religion. I just want to let people know that this world deserves to exist.”
“Hong, all cults step into pious sanctuaries that way. However, no matter how good the words are, they are only a shell without God’s protection.”
Seina raised an eyebrow as if she had suddenly remembered.
“Look at Zion. Didn’t he fall apart while pursuing only the depth and purity of his realm? Those who do not put God in their hearts are bound to eventually collapse into evil.”
Iruki asked.
“Are you different?”
Seina proudly pulled out the holy sword Astacia.
“purple.”
When the divine power was injected, a clear blue light that could not be found in other swords was evident.
“If you want to fight as a messenger of God, you need a force worthy of your will, not your will. It is a sacred weapon, powerful divine power, and a systematically trained organization.”
In a way, it is extremely humane, but Sirone did not discuss other people’s religion.
It was because the idea that they were still comrades facing the same enemy was stronger.
“great. we’ll stop leaving Please take care of those who remain here.”
Even from the point of view of civilians, it would be better to enter into an organized system.
“Don’t worry about that. But first, I want to hear about what happened here. and… …
If possible, he wanted to take Sirone to the Vatican and interrogate her for heresy.
‘As long as it’s possible.’
Yahweh’s power was heard through rumors, and now he has actually confirmed it with his own eyes.
‘It’s impossible for me alone. As long as the church’s top paladins don’t step forward, she suggested the next best thing.
“Why don’t you follow God’s Fellowship? Your mission to purify the world of evil
If you have it.”
With Lamigyo’s help, the efficiency of the Ultima Project would increase, but Sirone shook her head.
“I’m sorry. We will go separately.”
What Sirone wants to achieve is a grand integration, not cramming everyone into a single concept.
‘Even if the interests are aligned now, they will split at the very last point. It’s better not to get entangled in the first place.’
Seina asked displeasedly.
“Why?”
She felt that she had to answer well, so Sirone explained in the most refined way possible.
“The reason we travel is simply to help people in need. That is enough.”
Love is giving without asking for anything.
Looking at the firm eyes of Sirone and the others, Seina fell into deep thought.
In the center where the Hand of God had taken the land, the 5 o’clock of prejudice was lying on its back.
Of course, the space was the other world, not reality.
“Kiek. Kick.”
Numerous anglers were gathering on the rocky ground where the lava flowed.
They seemed to appear one by one, but in an instant an innumerable number of hungry ghosts surrounded her.
“Eat… … something to eat… …
It is Si-ok, the apostle of Satan, but the hungry ghosts will devour anything they can eat.
“I will eat!”
The moment the ghosts rushed in like water, an old man with sagging cheeks appeared next to the 5 o’clock of prejudice.
“Go away.”
4 o’clock in sloth.
Unwanted things don’t happen.
“Keeeee! Kieh!”
The hungry demons who jumped into the five o’clock of prejudice started biting each other while ignoring her.
I know they are the same people, but what the 4 o’clock of sloth doesn’t want should not happen.
“Well, I was wrong!”
The anglers of the latecomers scattered and disappeared like c*ckroaches.
“Ggogo L we e.
Sloth’s 4 o’clock, which had been clicking her tongue, put her hand behind her back and touched the prejudice’s 5 o’clock with her foot.
Only then did he frown and wriggle, and sloth 4 o’clock asked with a smile.
“Are you out of your mind?”
The 5 o’clock of the prejudice that jumped up and woke up when I saw the old man smiling sinisterly.
‘I almost died.’
“You got it right. To Yahweh.”
“this?… ”
The 5 o’clock of prejudice, which had been grinding its sharp teeth, screamed so much that its eyeballs popped out.
“I’m going to kill you!”
Even in the middle of the hell resounding, sloth’s 4 o’clock did not reveal any special emotions.
“Don’t be too upset. Alone is not enough. Yahweh, isn’t he a master of the heart?”
The five o’clock of prejudice stood up.
“I will kill you. Where are you?”
“Looks like it’s still there. Mixed in with parasite-like paladins.”
“Huh, the delicacies have arrived.”
Ordinary humans were fun, but there weren’t many things as thrilling as corrupting a paladin.
“let’s go. You won’t make a mistake this time.”
As the 5 o’clock of prejudice moved, the 4 o’clock of sloth looked back with their hands behind their backs.
“Are you really going to do it? The opponent is Yahweh.”
“why? Aren’t you confident?”
Sloth’s 4 o’clock with a gentle eye smile moved slowly and followed her.
“… … No way.”
Seina made a decision.
“No.”
Lamie religion basically fights evil, but it has a history of judging numerous heresies.
“Why? Is it wrong to help people?”
“Because there is no god in your decisions.”
Seina’s sword shone even more bluish.
“Do you know the difference between a sacred doctrine and a heresy? Heretics always try to become gods themselves. What you are thinking right now is extremely heretical.”
Feeling alive, Sirone said coldly.
“Stop it. We don’t have to fight among ourselves.”
“I know you are strong. but
this is god’s name And the moment all of God’s subordinates raised their weapons, Seina kicked off the ground and charged.
“It is our everything.”
“Sheesh!”
Just when Nade and Iruki took a fighting stance, a scream was heard from behind.
“Quaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!”
When the battle stopped and everyone turned around, Ravika was writhing in pain.
“what’s the matter!”
Seina ran ahead of anyone else.
“it hurts! body, body… … Aaaah!” Ravika’s facial bones began to twist as she let out a violent scream.
“F*ck! F*ck you!”
The face twisting left and right resembled someone, and then the bones of the body changed.
Seina’s eyes widened.
“The phenomenon of material possession?”
A person’s emotions also work on the body, and traces of time are bound to be buried on the face.
However, within her doctrine, Satan was the only being capable of such sudden, even bone-twisting, extreme emotions.
“how… … What evil was there?”
Shi Ok.
The twelve powers that sustain Satan’s chaos.
“Keep it off!”
Ravika, who spread her upper body like a bow and roared, was no longer the woman they knew.
When the sound stopped and she turned her upper body back, her face was the 5 o’clock of prejudice.
“Who are you?”
Seina’s sword, aimed forward, trembled.
“Shiok.”
Sirone said.
“I don’t know what kind of enemy the Lamy Church fought against, but it’s probably on a different level from the evil you know.”
“Siook
As Seina muttered, the five o’clock of prejudice moved.
“Kill Yahweh! They are scorners and mockers of your god, and will harm you!”
“Keugh!”
When the hidden code was activated, the eyes of the paladins behind Seina lit up.
It is a phenomenon called Seong-Eun, and it was a skill to automatically respond to demonic temptations through brainwashing from childhood.
“Kill! If I don’t kill you now, you guys will be killed!”
“Aaaaaaa!”
Several of his men, whose eyes were about to explode, drew out their swords and held them upside down.
“I’m sorry, Seina-sama!”
Then, as he raised his head, he accurately inserted the sword into the gap in his neck.
After about 20 people collapsed, Nade opened his mouth with an absurd expression.
“what? Why so easy… …
Seina twisted her nose. “Damn it!”
When evil dwells that cannot be stopped even by the power of the castle, they are supposed to choose suicide.
A will that has been trained like that all his life, and even nestled in his unconscious through brainwashing.
‘Never weak. They are the best castle knights.’
The power of evil shaking their hearts was just unprecedented intensity.
“Oh God!”
Seina’s Holy Eyes spread with a golden light and began to burn the evil in her heart.
Hee hee hee! Hee hee hee!
But all I could hear was the sound of mocking laughter, and my heart was engulfed by a more powerful desire.
“ah?????? iced coffee??????
While shedding hot tears, she slowly raised her sword with a look of despair.
‘You must die. I can’t be taken advantage of.’ He was baptized from the time he was born, and the years of training and keeping the faith of Cria passed by.
“Destroy evil!”
The moment she closed her eyes and shouted, she lifted her neck and tried to stab the sword.
“Kuk!”
Suddenly, the blade came to a halt in front of the nape of my neck as I felt something snag it.
“Don’t give up.”
When I opened my eyes, Sirone was holding on to the grip of the sword.
‘What power… …
He prides himself on being as good as any other knight when it comes to force, but his arm didn’t pull even one centimeter.
It must be because the smoke of light rising from Sirone’s hand wrapped around the blade.
“Let go! I would rather die than become a pawn of evil!”
“I could. Don’t set limits for yourself!”
‘How stupid.’
Isn’t the code of martyrdom in the unconscious activated because it cannot exceed that limit?
“Huh!”
As she pulled the sword with all her might, her arms began to bend little by little.
With the will of a high-ranking paladin, Sirone raised her other hand while fiercely opening her eyes.
‘I can’t.’
Si Lone threw herself while pulling on the handle and hit her forehead with the palm of her hand.
A tidal wave of light flooded her mind with a thumping echo.
“Huh!”
At the same time, droplets of black like ink escaped from the back of her head.
‘Ahhh.’
Her shoulders trembled as emotion filled her heart as the evil disappeared.
‘The human heart is… …
Even the flowing tears seemed to be made of light.
‘Is this map infinite?’

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-1004.txt
=============YYYYY=============
Age of Struggle (1)
“Kiiiii!”
Everyone was hearing hallucinations that only Seina could hear.
The black bells that were forcibly pushed out of Seina’s heart gathered into an evil form and hovered in the air.
“I-what is that?”
It was huge enough to cover the sky, and Seina’s men had never seen anything like it in their lives.
“Evil, evil?”
The reason why they felt special fear was that the objects in the sky were the emotions of humans, flesh and blood.
Something that everyone has deep inside.
‘I’m not afraid.’
Only Seina was watching the form of evil with an extremely calm mind.
‘It’s like an existence that has nothing to do with me. I don’t even doubt that it could harm me.’
There is no fear because there is no mind.
Of course, doubts will sprout again as she lives, but it was a phenomenal phenomenon for her.
Emotions of prejudice were entangled in a whirlpool, eventually dispersing into chaotic concepts.
‘Yahweh of the age.’
Seina looked back at Sirone.
My heart was shaken when I saw the eyes that couldn’t find any hate, but I shook my head.
‘I can’t admit it!’
Acknowledging Syrone was tantamount to denying the existence of Cria, the one god.
‘I was just weak! All human beings are under God. A human cannot become a god.’
she shot.
“Don’t think you won with this. Our doctrine is more pious and sacred than you think.”
Sirone, who didn’t want to get involved with Lamigyo any more than necessary, thought that this was fine.
“I instruct my subordinates to stop killing themselves. We must stop meaningless sacrifices.”
“It is not suicide, it is martyrdom. And this can’t be helped. It is not coercive, but we have been taught from birth not to succumb to evil.”
“then… …
As Sirone moved towards the Paladins, the 5 o’clock of prejudice raised its voice even more.
“Kill Yahweh! Yahweh will kill your families and take away your loved ones. That Yahweh is the absolute evil that should not exist in this world.”
Suspicion rose again in Seina’s heart, but the energy of the baptism was still there.
But the other Paladins couldn’t hold back their anger, and raised their heads almost at the same time.
“Oh God! I dedicate this body to you!”
“You don’t have to die.”
Said Sirone, who had arrived at the center of the ranks.
“What that woman said is true. So it doesn’t matter if you attack me.”
“Sirone! What are you doing!”
Nade shouted, but no answer came back.
‘This is the only way.’
When the evil in Seina’s heart was driven out, Sirone felt it with her 11 senses.
An evil comparable to that of Satan.
‘Even that Eden felt fear. I need at least Seina’s level of faith.’
“Yaaaaa!”
When the prejudice was confirmed as fact, the Paladins pulled out their swords and attacked in unison.
“How foolish! stop right now… … !” Seina, who was running towards her men, gave her dazed expression, her eyes wide open.
Every time the blade imbued with divine power was swung, Sirone’s upper body was causing multiple afterimages.
“Wicked devil! die!”
The martial arts of the Holy Knights, trained in battles with demons, are not low compared to the world level.
However, no matter how quickly the sword was cut, Sirone’s neck was not there.
Iruki murmured.
“Quantum Superposition. That’s dangerous.” Because it is a matter of probability.
It has the advantage of being able to avoid any attack, but if you are unlucky, you will be cut by a child.
said Nade.
“no way… … Is that why you’re not moving?”
“No, there is no need to move. Actions are meaningless if the outcome is all about throwing the dice.”
There was a very high probability of avoiding an attack, or a very low probability of getting hit by a sword.
“Anyway, let’s solve it while Sirone buys us time. Attack the five o’clock of prejudice.”
Then, Seina approached.
“Wait a minute! If you step out rashly and fall into the temptation of evil again
noodle… …
“It doesn’t go over.”
Nade said while glaring ahead.
“No matter what she says, I will not attack Sirone.”
“How can you be sure?”
Having personally experienced the hidden code, Seina knew how terrifying the workings of the mind were.
“If you already have, you tried to kill Sirone.” “Sirone said that if I didn’t struggle, I would sink. I thought then, for the first time, that I might be able to live a life for myself.” It was the first story that came up.
“And it really happened. I made my dream come true, and I met someone I love. therefore… …
Blue electricity rose from Nade’s body.
“Sirone, it’s okay no matter what you do to me. I will never resent you.”
Aaaaaaang!
The electricity gathered in the sky became a thunder god and rushed towards the 5 o’clock of prejudice.
she spread her arms
“Whoops, whatever.”
The God of Thunder attacked wildly, but the movement of His Highness eluded her.
‘Hidden code.’
I had a gut feeling, but I couldn’t think of a way to deal with it.
“I’ll have to step in.”
As Iruki walked towards the 5 o’clock of prejudice, Seina followed and asked.
“What are you going to do? That’s an evil deception.”
Si-ok didn’t know it, but he seemed to have a complete understanding of his evil tendencies.
“That’s why I’m interested. A logic that goes against the logic of reality. then… …
As Iruki’s eyes lit up, the atomic bomb bit its tail and crossed the air.
“You just have to learn.”
Puff puff puff puff!
The trajectory of the serial explosion passed except where the five o’clock of prejudice was.
‘It’s really absurd.’
The corners of Iruki’s mouth trembled as he smiled.
‘Things that were absolutely impossible in my thinking are happening. As if in a dream… …
He tore his mouth open, and as he focused his mind, electricity began to fly from his eyes.
‘Overdrive.’
Its performance is equivalent to that of the Ex-Machina.
The nerves in my brain fired sparks and analyzed the logic of the hidden code.
‘It’s not logic confined to one dimension.’
multidimensional equation.
Also, this was the transcendent logical system that constitutes human dreams.
“Big!”
It was the same level of difficulty as destroying all mathematics in reality and creating new mathematics.
‘No, it’s different from that.’
There is no such thing as a fixed and unchanging truth in multidimensionality.
‘little bit more… …
Iruki explored the huge maze with near-infinite doors at the speed of light.
‘Open this door here… …
When the red door opened, sparks flew from certain parts of the cerebral network.
‘Turn this way and open this door.’
While feeling like his brain was on fire, Iruki returned to the beginning.
‘ aha.’
Unjust feelings are just a luxury.
‘Let’s try again.’
After rotating it thousands of times, a vague image of chaos was drawn.
‘Having a door means being able to go back. It’s called logic. But multidimensional equations… …
Once you open the door, the return door disappears.
‘It’s chaos.’
Before I knew it, even Seina had joined the battle and was fighting, but Iruki couldn’t see it.
“Heh heh. Hehehe.”
Iruki burst into laughter, unaware of the blood flowing from his eyes, nose, and mouth.
“Fun, this.”
Meanwhile, Sirone grew impatient as time passed.
‘It’s a bit dangerous.’ The number of times the attack was evaded by quantum overlap had exceeded 40,000.
‘Is Iruki still far away?’
Even without exchanging opinions, they themselves know what the roles of the three are.
‘It is impossible to break the hidden code.’
However, if it was Iruki, he would be able to transform the momentary chaos into the realm of logic.
‘Only for a moment.’
“Huh!”
At that time, holy eyes were activated in the eyes of the paladin, and as if contagious, everyone’s eyes lit up.
“get out! Get out of me!”
The 4 o’clock of sloth started to work in earnest.
“no! I don’t want that! oh my god sorry. I…≫
Their arms rose little by little, and sharp blades were aimed at the throat.
So it stood out.
The paladin glared at Iruki with an evil gaze with his sword hanging down.
‘I succumbed to temptation.’
With his temper gone, he bared his fangs and spurred the ground past Sirone.
“Iruki!”
“Kurrrr! Krrrr!”
In the ears of the paladin making a boiling sound, the hallucination of sloth at 4:00 was heard.
– No one can hurt you. help me Then let Seina choose you.
How can a paladin not know love?
“Sei, Seina.”
However, the devil digs into people’s small wishes and amplifies them into huge desires.
The paladin raised his sword towards Iruki.
“I am the strongest!”
Sirone casts Miracle Stream, but it is blocked by a hidden code and twisted.
“Iruki! Dangerous!”
Raising his head, Iruki stood up, revealing his blood-stained eyes.
‘ done.’
There are no logical patterns in chaos.
However, if a specific moment is fixed as if taking a photograph, the form is obviously mathematical.
‘One-time password.’
And if it’s mathematical, Iruki can say this.
“Cancellation.”
As the information was completely reversed, the hidden code of Sloth’s 4 o’clock was destroyed.
“Aaaaaaa!”
At 5 o’clock of the prejudice that was careless, Ravika’s left arm was cut off by Seina’s sword.
‘what! Why was it cut off!’
I heard sloth’s hallucinations at 4 o’clock.
-The hidden code was hacked. It’s a one-off, but there are hackers with superhuman abilities.
‘What nonsense… …
I could see Nade’s Brain God rushing in.
“damn!”
As Ravika’s facial bones twisted again, Sirone cast a stop as if she had caught a big fish.
The time of the law disappeared, and in the time of 0.666 seconds, two prisons appeared.
The moment their faces come into view.
“I-Mr. …
Shirone, Iruki, and Nade, all furious from the top, flew in at the same time.
“Die!”
The thunder gods changed into thunderbolts and rushed in, and an explosion created with the strongest detonation equation occurred.
Aaaaaang!
Seina and the paladins, awakened by the roar of heaven and earth, looked at the sky.
“damn! Missed it!”
The 5 o’clock of prejudice was flying away with the 4 o’clock of indolence wrapped around its waist.
said Nade.
“No, there is still one step left.”
The Paladins turned their heads at the same time as the air rupture heard from behind.
A huge fist of light was coming over the horizon.
“Yaaaa!”
As Sirone lowered his upper body and swung his arms, the Hand of God rushed at the speed of a flash.
At that moment, the 5 o’clock of prejudice threw away the 4 o’clock of sloth with a flash of light and fled.
“you… …
The old man’s face turned red.
“You are! dare me… … Gagging!” Eyes popped out of the face of the old man who had been hit by the Hand of God and exploded like fireworks.
“Hmph, if you’re useless, you should die.”
The five o’clock of prejudice permeated the air while laughing at the four o’clock of indolence falling like pieces of paper.
“haha.”
Sirone, who was watching the scene closely, stomped her feet as if her anger had lessened.
“I missed one.”
Iruki has arrived.
“I can’t help it. Still, you tasted it. I’m glad it ended like this.” Seeing her bloodstained face, Sirone made up her mind.
“Sorry. I knew it was dangerous, but I couldn’t help it in that situation.”
“What are you talking about?”
Iruki laughed as he wiped the blood.
“I feel a little more alive now. It was good to follow you, too.”
At that time, a commotion broke out on the Paladin side.
“Let go! die! Let go of this!” The man who succumbed to evil, who tried to attack Iruki, was captured by his teammates.
“calm down! Anyone can do that!”
“no! I, I… … . Aww!”
Sirone and the others watched as the speechless man burst into tears.
“It was really strong. I probably trained all my life.”
“But the heart seems to have fallen short of that. I can’t blame you, of course.”
How many human beings in the world do not even have the slightest desires and evils to enter?
‘If there is, it must be polar.’
Sirone seemed to understand why Miro emphasized the depth of the spirit rather than force.

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-1005.txt
=============YYYYY=============
Age of Struggle (2)
Seina’s face grew hot.
The Paladins of the Trust Management Department have the most noble mission in their hearts.
Because such a person was biased towards mere human emotions and succumbed to evil, he did not have the courage to see Sirone.
‘I don’t have the right to blame.’
If it had not been for Sirone’s baptism, she too would have ended her life by stabbing herself.
“Prepare to leave.” Seina, who gave the instructions to the paladin, looked back at Sirone with a look of resentment.
“You are in debt. But this is not all of Lamie religion. The top paladin of the Holy See… …
“It doesn’t matter.”
Sirone said.
“Si-ok is bewitching people. It must be a problem that even Lamie can’t ignore.”
It was the most human evil.
“We will go to the Holy See. I should report the whole incident and receive a new trust.”
Seina looked at Ravika, who was dead with all the bones in her body twisted.
‘It’s a pity. If he was alive, he could have testified. I have to take the other survivors with me.’
I turned my gaze with that thought, but no one approached the paladin.
‘Stupid things.’
She was angry at them for judging only the results in front of her eyes, but today was her defeat.
“Leave the villagers behind.” Seina got on the horse.
“That doesn’t mean I approve of you. Sooner or later, the judge of the heresy management department will find you. Take it upon yourself.”
The most secret department within Lamie Church.
‘And it’s also the most dangerous place.’
If the Trust Management Department is driven by faith, the Heretic Management Department is driven by hatred.
In a sense, even mentioning the existence of such a department was doing them a favor.
“let’s go.”
Sirone didn’t look away until Seina took the paladin and left the village.
‘I fight evil, but my beliefs are different.’ The more Sirone’s philanthropy spread to the world, the more they would clash.
Nade asked.
“Sirone, what about the survivors? You can’t take them all on a trip.”
Sirone checked Iruki’s condition.
No more blood was shed, but the aftermath of using Overdrive would not have gone away.
“Today, let’s camp under the mountain. Since I told Mr. Lampa, he will find a city for them to live in.”
Iruki thought as he wiped the blood from his face.
‘Arnold Lampa. The best information mage in the ivory tower will be able to find it. Rather… …
It was important that survivors who experienced the miracle of Sirone spread word in the city.
‘If you plant a seed in this way, it will bear fruit one day. maybe… …
I thought that the point of a head-on collision with Lamigyo might be much sooner than expected.
Gaspar, the southern city of Tormia. Starting from Baska, the capital, the Demons spread in a radial direction and moved southward endlessly.
The rapid response of Wangseong prevented the destruction, but the aftermath of the emotional disease was more frightening.
The streets were overflowing with vagrants who had abandoned their homes, and crimes continued every day due to poor security.
“Serious.”
In the eyes of those who destroyed precious things one by one, beyond the venom, there was even a murderous intent.
Sirone said.
“Based on the collected cases, the World Health Organization has established action guidelines for dealing with emotional illness. It is largely divided into 17 categories, and the threshold of emotional illness is controlled by placing items directly related to life later.”
“I also received the Cross family. Although I did not see. How long can you last if you followed the action guidelines exactly?”
“Up to two months. The goal is to find a cure within it, but there are no results yet.”
Sirone’s gaze turned to the tramp.
“The item on relinquishment of residence falls under category 8. This is a guideline for action after at least four weeks, but people who have already abandoned their homes are appearing one after another.”
“Well, there are no rules that satisfy everyone.”
Even Caden, who hadn’t left the house for a long time, felt new when he saw the world in person.
‘Everyone has one pain. Maybe my worries are insignificant compared to them… …
Sirone asked.
“Kaden, but how did you deal with it, emotional disease?”
“I am no different from anyone else. Father endured by giving up precious things one by one. Heirlooms, property, distant relatives… … . The Cross family has fallen to the point where they can’t recover.”
Caden turned his head.
“But I think my case is a little different. The fate of the Red Cross draws out 100 percent of all talent except the one I really want. As long as I don’t give up on Maya, emotional illness is not a problem.”
Amy asked in bewilderment.
“Aren’t you nervous?”
“okay. I don’t know the exact reason either. In any case, if emotional illness is a type of disease, then I have hardly ever been ill.”
Sirone asked.
“Almost means… … You mean there is?”
“When I was very young. She was terrified when her grandmother told her about overwork. She prayed that she would not get sick, but she caught a cold the very next day.”
What you really want doesn’t come true.
“I was sick for about a year after that. I wanted to get better. Her grandmother apologized through her tears, but she was in vain.”
Cayden shrugged.
“Of course, I grew up hearing about the fate of the Red Cross. If I thought it didn’t matter if I got sick, I’d probably be better off sick.
Sirone understood.
“Because it’s not something that can be easily changed.”
“okay. Especially when you’re young. It wasn’t serious anyway. She studied swordsmanship diligently and her body became healthy. Then, gradually, my heart began to grow stronger.”
Sirone realized once again how cruel the fate of the Red Cross was.
‘If you’ve experienced such a bizarre thing all your life, you can’t help but be afraid to want something desperately.’
Amy asked.
“How are you now? You can overcome emotional illness because you love Maya. Wouldn’t that be fortunate?”
“Let me tell you this.”
Caden’s eyes tightened.
“As long as I can escape this cursed fate, I don’t care if it’s emotional disease or whatever. As long as I can achieve what I want, even for a moment, I don’t mind dying.”
Cayden’s life would never have been defined by anyone.
“If you want to sleep badly, you won’t fall asleep, and if you want to eat badly, you won’t be hungry. I had to train myself not to cling. Do you know what that means? It means that I have never done anything I wanted since I was born.”
Sirone’s eyes narrowed.
‘I see. Emotion scale.’
Cayden’s emotional scale was warped to the point where he couldn’t say which came first.
‘Maybe it’s not just an immune system problem.’
Caden asked.
“But why is Maya here? Are you a big singer? I heard you signed a contract with Valkyrie.”
“Emotional disease.”
Sirone’s face darkened.
“Everyone, like everyone else, gives up a lot of the things they held dear. But what’s really important is something you can’t give up easily.”
Amy asked.
“You mean it’s a song for Maya?”
“huh. From what I’ve heard, it seems that the contract with the performance agency has been terminated. I wanted to hold the representative, but that too will return as a measure of emotion. It must have been an unavoidable choice.”
“Even so… …
Cayden’s eyes furrowed as he left the main road and entered a gloomy alley.
“Why is this a place like this?”
“I only heard the information, but I never met Maya in person. If it wasn’t this much, she might have divided her emotions in such detail that she couldn’t sing.”
The place I finally arrived at was a pub with a red signboard depicting a woman’s underwear.
In the narrow space descending underground, singing was heard along with cheap musical instruments.
“Maya??????
Cayden could think of her the moment he heard it.
“Are you a guest?”
The man who had been squatting by the entrance smoking a cigarette turned to them.
When Sirone didn’t answer, he threw a cigarette and stood up.
“The table price is 5 gold. Alcohol is billed separately. You can’t go up on stage or throw anything.”
The fact that he said the obvious in particular offended Amy.
“So you’re saying you can do something else? And 5 gold, do you know how much it is?”
The man rubbed his ear with an annoyed expression.
“Didn’t you know everything? There’s Maya here. The best singer in Tormia.”
Sirone handed over the gold coin.
“Here you are.”
After checking the amount, the man squatted down by the entrance again and asked for a new cigarette.
“Go in. I warn you in advance, even if a woman is there, she won’t be having much fun.”
Take the money and warn me in advance.
“Kaden, go in.”
Anyway, Sirone intended to stay here.
“alone?”
“huh. Maybe I’ll hurt Maya even more.”
Kayden looked up at the signboard, took a deep breath, and nodded.
“okay.”
As I went down the stairs one step at a time, the sound of the drums got louder and my heart beat faster.
As soon as I turned around the basement entrance, I could smell acrid cigarettes, and everything was dark except for the stage.
Maya was humming along to the blues playing.
Although Maya dancing under cheap lighting was still beautiful.
‘Why why?’ Her outfit made her feel so cold even in the hot air from the heat of the men.
Cayden inspected the guests.
Men who talk obscenities with dead eyes and commit perverted things.
‘Maya.’
The song didn’t stop.
There was no emotion to be found on Maya’s face as she stared into the sky above the table.
‘ stop??????
Cayden, who had clenched his fists and gnashed his teeth, eventually couldn’t stand it and began to lash out.
“I mean stop!” The musicians stopped playing, and Maya’s eyes were filled with emotion.
‘Who is it? Are you drunk?’ It was dark, so I couldn’t see her face. In the meantime, the drunken people around them rose up.
“What are you? Now I’m in the middle of the day, but I’m going to have colic… …
Cayden, who pushed the drunkard’s chest with his hand, walked quickly to the stage.
“uh… …
Maya’s eyes widened.
“Kayden?”
She hurriedly put on the coat she had thrown on the floor and asked, avoiding her gaze.
“Yes, I know how you feel… … ?”
“Maya.”
So many words passed through Caden’s mind that he wanted to tell her.
‘What should I say?’
His sincerity toward her would eventually come back as a tragedy before the fate of the Red Cross.
“Outside… …
said Caden, weeping.
“Sirone is outside. So let’s go together. We will protect you.”
“Sirone?”
After a moment of being unconscious, her face suddenly turned pale.
“Sirone.”
Her gaze wavered anxiously, but she hurriedly turned around and ran away to the back of the stage.
“Maya! Wait, Maya!”
Just as Caden was about to chase after him, a drunken man approached and grabbed him by the shoulder.
“You bastard! Where are you going? Kuck!”
The drunken man’s body rotated in the air as he swung his fist while turning at a tremendous speed.
As the drunkard fell upside down, the sober guests hurriedly retreated.
“this… …
The reason why he was able to hit drunken people was because there were people who wanted to hit him even more earnestly.
“Sirone!”
Cayden ran up the stairs in one month and held out his sword towards Sirone.
It was a force comparable to that of a great swordsman, but as expected, my sword could not stab Sirone.
“Keugh!”
My whole body lost strength, and I felt like I forgot how to hold a sword.
“Don’t get excited.”
Cayden twisted his neck with difficulty from side to side and glared at Sirone obliquely.
“Answer the question. you… … Didn’t you say you have the ability to cure emotional illness?”
“It is only a temporary effect.”
“Answer me!”
“??????okay.”
“But why didn’t you heal Maya? Why did you let her get to that point?”
“That’s why I brought you.”
While Caden didn’t understand, Sirone’s eyes darkened coldly.

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-1006.txt
=============YYYYY=============
Age of Struggle (3)
Cayden’s sword was vibrating at a terrifying speed in front of Sirone’s nape.
It felt like something was being compressed endlessly, but it was never conveyed to Sirone.
‘One notch difference.’
The moment Cayden’s switch is turned heartily, the law will break his will.
“Even with Hexa’s ability, Agape, you can’t completely cure emotional illness. You may feel comfortable right now, but if you don’t solve the problem, it will only lead to a more terrible disaster.”
You cannot stand against the demons and Heaven’s army while relying on someone else’s ability.
“Is that why? Was Maya just that much to you? If you saw her with her own two eyes… …
“My conclusion is the same.”
Amy gulped at the cold reply.
“I ask because they are friends. If so, how do you measure that standard? Who has been with me for more than a certain amount of time? who helped me? Or should I line up in the order I like?” Cayden understood Sirone’s words, but his heart was still rebelling.
‘ Maya.’
When she heard the name Sirone, her terrified expression flashed in her eyes.
“So you can’t help Maya?”
“My criteria for emotional illness is one. We only help as part of a strategy that will most quickly stabilize this world.”
“Maya is a strong person.”
Caden sincerely thought so.
“Fighting alone is not a strategy. Her songs can move people. Awareness is sufficient. Can’t you tell she’s not part of your plans?”
“Last night, Iruki almost died.” Amy looked back at Sirone with a surprised expression.
“But thanks to you, I got rid of a powerful evil. It’s an amazing achievement. Nade also fought for his life. My friend Lian is wandering through hell in burning pain.”
“… … What do you want to say? Do you think Maya can’t do that?”
“no.”
Sirone lowered Cayden’s sword.
“If I ask for help, Maya will do it no matter what. Do you really want that?” “When Iruki cast Overdrive, I knew but didn’t stop him. Rather, the fight unfolded with that in mind. That’s it. The person I need is a comrade with whom I can plot death, not someone I have to take responsibility for whenever I am in danger. And for comrades like that, emotional disease must of course be suppressed in order to have the best performance.”
“Maya… …
Sirone stopped talking.
“Kaden, you don’t deserve it either. Do you know what a war is? Do you know what happens to women who are captured by demons? Maya is a dear friend. That is why she was not sent to the battlefield.”
Cayden couldn’t argue.
“Sooner or later the temple will open. Not only Tormia, but the kingdoms that are still in good shape will compete for supremacy. There are rumors that some countries have already joined hands with the demons or colluded with the heavenly army. Listen up, Kayden. The world is moving so fast, and so frenzied that you can’t even predict it.”
Only Sirone was painting the whole.
“I don’t force it. If you don’t want to be bothered, you can lock yourself in your room. Fight your emotional illness and wait quietly for others to come up with results.”
“What can I do?”
The Sirone Cayden knew was not the type to nag without a solution.
“You said there was a reason you brought me here. As long as Maya can be happy, she can do anything.”
“Protect Maya.” It was the only thing Caden couldn’t do.
“Do whatever it takes to protect her, even if it means cutting her out of your heart.”
“And then?”
“I will curb Maya’s emotional illness. Maybe I can sing again. Sooner or later, the holy war becomes a battleground that reduces the whole situation in the world. Maya will need something. But I can’t protect you.”
Caden must protect.
“I guess I just have to give up Maya. For her wholeheartedly, so that she cannot love her forever.”
“I don’t think your heart is insignificant. No, it’s really important. But the end of an era is coming. If you want to be in charge of someone, you have to be prepared to be in charge of the world.”
“Yeah, got it.”
If Maya could sing again, would her feelings matter?
“Bring Maya with you.”
Cayden’s eyes, as he closed his sword and went downstairs, were more lifeless than before.
Amy gave her a sympathetic look, but in reality it was nothing different from her.
Sirone suppressed her emotional illness.
‘Comrades in arms.’
For the sake of mankind’s victory, both Amy and Sirone would gladly choose death.
‘are you okay. We can still fight together. Because Sirone is by my side now.’
If you want to be in charge of someone, you must be in charge of the world.
Sirone said.
“Kaden will do just fine.”
If your feelings for Maya are not obsession, love has the power to set yourself on fire.
“Let’s wait until Maya comes.”
Sirone’s smile was sad, so Amy nodded her head more vigorously than usual.
Back at the bar, Cayden is told by the boss that Maya has left work.
“If you are deceiving me… …
“Really! What am I lying about doing here? Believe me!”
The boss, who was grabbed by Kayden’s neck, was in trouble.
‘shit! I’m lucky.’ I knew this day would come ever since Maya, a mogul, came to audition.
Still, the reason I hired her was because, in addition to business strategy, personal feelings were involved.
Because there is no more fun game than watching a world-renowned singer fall.
Throwing the boss to the floor, Cayden climbed onto the stage and exited the store through the back door.
‘I should have stayed at home.’
Once I got the map, I was thinking of going to the inn where she was staying.
The boss jumped up and spat.
“Kaak, twee! Something like a beggar came looking for me.”
He made good profits using Maya, but money was no longer an issue.
Like an addiction, the time I had with Maya as an employee stimulated my brain.
“Sheesh! If I knew it would be like this, I would try to touch it.”
Crackle, crackle.
The sound of chewing hard peanuts was heard in the corner of the shop.
“what? who is there?”
The boss squinted to see that a man was still sitting at the table.
“The store is ruined. business is over. Get off quickly.”
“… … It is not Yahweh.”
“what’?”
At the sharp voice that didn’t sound like a human, the president crumpled his face and moved closer.
“What are you? If you’re drunk… … Kuck!” A fork that flew from the darkness was lodged in the president’s forehead, and his body flew to the stage.
In the stillness, the existence in the darkness opened its mouth.
“This will disrupt the plan.” Pushing off his chair, he stood up and walked towards the wall with his hands in his pockets.
As soon as it touched the wall, black smoke rose from its body and penetrated the material in an instant.
Wearing a hooded hood and mingling with the crowd, he headed to the city square.
Even the fountain was broken and dozens of people gathered in the muddy water.
“Everyone, please repent.”
In the center, a man with a short beard and clad in priestly clothes was preaching.
“God loves you. The pain you are experiencing right now is also a test given by God. so… …
“Stop talking bullshit!”
A man in a shabby suit holding a bottle of wine shouted.
“How many gods are there? Do you know what happened to these bastards who used to come here and talk like that? Everyone was stoned and splashed! God? It hurts every day, but what can I do? I left my children, my wife, and my house all alone! What on earth can God do for me like this?”
People had neither the energy nor the will to cheer, but there was a chill in their eyes.
The priest who watched the man for a while nodded with a thin eye smile.
“Anything. If you believe in God, anything is possible. It will take away a better house, a better wife, and even pain.”
Then people were buzzing.
“Really? Is this dog-like disease really cured?”
Numerous religious people have preached here, but this was the first such explicit doctrine.
The priest nodded happily.
“of course.”
the skinny woman asked.
“Who is that god? What kind of god is that?”
“Names don’t matter. You have probably heard the names of many gods. But in fact, God has no name. All the gods you know are, in fact, the identity of the god I am talking about.”
Embarrassing, but plausible.
“Then prove it! God might be able to bring back everything I’ve lost!”
“great. Come to me.”
As soon as I agreed, the atmosphere heated up and people’s eyes lit up.
As the man approached with a doubtful expression, the priest put his hand on his shoulder and said,
“Are you ready to follow the doctrine of God?”
“of course. If only it would cure the disease. Oh no, not necessarily because of that… …
“Haha, it’s okay. God is benevolent. Of course, you have to let them do what they want. Gods who tell you to follow them only by giving them pain are fake.”
“Well, then I will believe you. What can I do?”
The priest, who had heard the man who had changed into a respectable man before he knew it, met his eyes and said,
“Do what you want.”
“yes?”
“Listen to the voice of your heart. What do you want? Would you like to own a house? Would you like to embrace a beautiful woman and possess countless treasures?”
The man replied as if possessed by something.
“… … yes.”
“do.”
The priest pointed around.
“If you have a house you want, it is your home. If you have a girl you like, take it. Hit me if I ignore you. No need to worry. In God’s presence, you are perfectly safe.”
“Even though… …
To be honest, it wasn’t something I didn’t want to hear.
After abandoning everything due to emotional illness, who on earth gave me this kind of comfort?
“Look carefully. This is God.” The priest took out the pendant of the inverted cross from around his neck and held it out in front of him.
“Are you suffering from the pain of false gods? that’s a sin The true God doesn’t hurt you. repent. Seek the fault.”
the man wept
“I was foolish. God, please hear my prayer.”
The priest turned the man around.
“Now, take away from those who believe in false gods. No need to worry. God remembered your face, now you can enjoy everything. He became a king.”
“My, I am the king.”
As the man moved forward, the frightened people began to creep away.
“Ahhh… …
Seeing that terrified face gave rise to a fearful impulse in my heart.
“It’s all mine!”
Among those fleeing, a woman was caught by the hair in the man’s hand.
“Give it up! This one, this one!”
A shabby cloak to withstand the cold of dawn and a piece of leftover bread were stolen.
It was more precious than anything to them who gave up a lot according to the action guidelines.
“No! There is nothing else to eat!”
“shut up!”
As the man raised his fist, the woman groaned and covered her face with her arms.
“Ha ha ha.”
The man who exhaled heavily finally realized what he had gained.
“It is bread. Besides, the cloak, it is now my cloak.”
How can you get something so easily?
“Oh, my God.”
As the man took a bite of the bread and mumbled, saliva leaked out.
“Delicious, my God. Delicious.”
The man who realized something gasped and turned to the priest with a surprised expression.
“does not it hurt. Emotional illness… …
According to the behavioral guidelines, it is said to subdivide the types of food and give them up one by one.
However, in order to survive, only one last food will have to be left.
It was bread for women and wine for men.
“Even though I ate the bread, it doesn’t hurt. Unbelievable! I am truly healed!”
The moment they heard that, the people who were running away looked back with surprised expressions.

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-1007.txt
=============YYYYY=============
Age of Struggle (4)
People realized the moment they saw the man melting the bread like juice and eating it.
‘This is real.’
Surprisingly, there were many people who left alcohol at the end in Wangseong’s guidelines, and many people knew that a man was one of them.
As soon as he happily ate the bread, there was nothing to be afraid of.
“I will repent!”
People knelt down and shouted.
“True God, give me rest too. Living is so hard.”
“Please grant my wish. I don’t want anything else. I just want to eat my fill!”
The priest watched them happily.
“You who were mocked by the false god, now the god is weeping for joy. have it Achieve what you want. You are the true lambs who put the Word of God into action.”
“Wow!” People who gained courage went out in all directions and began extorting the things of passers-by.
They stripped them of their clothes, robbed them of their food, and plundered all their possessions.
“Really! does not it hurt!”
Their hearts seemed to fly as they regained the life they had to give up by the action guidelines.
“Yes, that’s right! This is God! There is no reason for an omnipotent God to give us pain!”
Those who were starving to the point of being skin to bone ate the food they stole.
In fact, emotional illness did not appear.
‘Paimon’s emotional disease is manifested when he tries to protect something precious to him. but… …
The priest smiled viciously.
“What is stolen from others is not valuable.”
A fact that mankind has overlooked.
No, it may have already been analyzed, but it must have been an issue that could never be made public.
The square became a mayhem.
Humans can become strong enough simply by reversing the circuit of logic.
“That is our god.” said the priest.
“It is Satan.”
“Mr. Giyorgi.”
The man at the bar who had been watching the situation so far moved to the priest.
“Is it gultan?”
The man in the bar took off his hood, revealing a red-skinned face with pricked ears.
“The plan has been disrupted.”
“Right.”
The reason Giyorgi is not embarrassed is because he understands Yahweh better than anyone else.
Gultan reported.
“The person who approached the woman named Maya is another human being. She must move somewhere else… …
“Yahweh is here.”
A philanthropist would not be foolish enough to use someone as bait.
“Most of all, it smells. There is only one person in the universe that smells this disgusting.”
Gultan sniffed.
“… … anyway. What should I do? The title is the same, but the general manager is Mr. Giyorgi.”
The name of the organization is Catacombs.
A private organization created by the Army of Hell, it consists of seven division commanders who received the special mission to assassinate Sirone. Among the numerous division commanders, the reason why they were selected was because of their ability to specialize in anti-Yahweh warfare.
In particular, Giyorgi could be said to be the antipode of Sirone in that it deals with the mind.
“If you want to kill Yahweh, you have to shake your heart first. Even if it’s anger. Send Miyo to Maya. If she is her, I can give her the best of misery.”
Miyo was the most lewd and powerful demon among the succubus.
“I say so. Then what about Yahweh?” Giyorgi had his eyes on the scene of violence spreading even outside the square.
“The atmosphere is ripe… …
He inserted the inverted cross pendant and looked in the direction while sniffing the air.
“Would you like to say hello?”
Gultan raised one eyebrow and looked back.
“Are you okay? Of course, I know Mr. Giyorgi’s skills, but the opponent is Yahweh.”
“Evil wins.”
Giyorgi, holding the bible of hell in his hand, continued as he left the plaza.
“It was only wrapped up in the name of good, but the victor was always evil. Don’t ever
It’s cold.”
He disappeared into the looting crowd.
“God is Satan.”
Cayden knocked on the door of the inn where Maya was staying.
“Maya! Maya!”
I couldn’t feel her presence, but I could confirm her presence through the Spirit Zone.
“It’s me, Caden! Open the door!”
“??????go back.”
Maya’s voice was mixed with crying.
“I don’t want to meet anyone. You and Sirone too. just let me be alone
Please.”
“I can sing again!”
I couldn’t hear an answer, but I intuitively knew that the temperament of the air had changed.
“Sirone said that he would cure your emotional illness. So let’s go. You don’t have to be here anymore.”
“why?”
Maya asked.
“Why is Sirone curing my illness?”
“that??????
Although her magical talent was not outstanding, she also knew how to think rationally.
“If I could have been cured, I would have cured them all. Because Sirone is such a person. But why are you looking for me?”
Caden said honestly.
“Sirone wants your help. He wants to fight for the world.” After a while, the answer came.
“I can’t help Sirone. No, I don’t want to help. So go back.”
“Maya! Emotional illness can be cured! I don’t have to be sick anymore!”
“That hurts even more!”
Caden shut his mouth at the sudden burst of voice.
“I don’t care if I dance like this or if people make fun of me. I mean, I can endure it because Sirone doesn’t see it. But when you meet Sirone… …
Cries were heard.
“I can’t do anything, but no matter how much I like it, Sirone doesn’t like me… …
Cayden realized.
Perhaps the fate of the Red Cross lies with everyone, big or small.
“Maya.”
My heart pounded, and my teeth clenched in fear.
“Maya, I… …
Thoughts of not doing so filled my head, but my heart was pushing out the voice.
“Love you. From the past… … I haven’t changed my mind once since I first saw you.”
With this, it is not done.
‘Damn it! damn it!’
My whole body ached as if I had a fever, and I felt like I could hear screams in my brain.
“Maya, I don’t care what you think. It’s okay if you hate me I can just be by your side… …
Then there was a bang and the sound of a wall collapsing.
“Wow!”
Cayden, who smashed through the door at Maya’s screams, opened her eyes wide toward the bed.
“you… … what?”
A woman who covered her eyes with black bandages crossed in the shape of an X was holding Maya from behind.
“me? A beast mad with lust, Miyo.”
‘Succubus.’
Cayden felt it, but it was quite different from the average feeling he learned at magic school.
It was showing off its tremendous physical beauty, as if it existed only for function.
“Kaden… … Huh!”
Miyo grabbed Maya by the nape of her neck.
“Save your neck. After a while you will have to sing a hymn for me with that pretty voice.”
“Free her.”
Cayden aimed his sword, but his arm shook so much that he couldn’t handle the weight.
‘damn.’
He did not give up on Maya.
“Are you okay, your arms are shaking badly? Rather than fighting like that… … how is it?” Miyo’s blood-red tongue wriggled like jelly on the nape of Maya’s neck.
“Do you want to play together? I will finish it.”
“You son of a bitch!”
Even without power, Caden threw himself and swung his sword.
‘I can’t even cast magic.’
Miyo, who easily dodged the common young man’s sword, took Maya and flew out of the building.
“Ho-ho-ho! Follow me if you have any thoughts.”
“at there!”
The ability to cast fly magic is thanks to the skill of the mind trained since birth.
It was natural that it would be difficult to keep up with a division commander, but Miyo was controlling her speed.
“Is your heart beating fast?”
Miyo kissed Maya on the cheek.
“don’t worry. Once you entrust your body to me, you won’t even know you exist.”
Maya’s eyes widened.
“Huh!”
As the sensations rose up my spine, it was as if my consciousness was being bounced out of my brain.
‘Sirone… …
It became dark before my eyes.
“Kaden is late.”
At an alley cafe with a table outside the window, Sirone was waiting for Caden.
said Amy.
“I know. Are we talking too long?” Considering the complicated circumstances, it was inevitable, but Sirone was not in a good mood.
“I can’t. Let’s go.”
As Amy followed after paying for the tea, Sirone raised her arm to block her approach.
“wait.”
Hearing the unusual voice, he looked ahead and saw a man in a priestly uniform with desperate eyes walking towards him.
“Asmodian.”
Although they were human on the outside, they couldn’t hide their demonic temperament.
‘No, are you not hiding it on purpose?’ In such a strange atmosphere, Sirone’s expression changed seriously.
“Who are you?”
“Gyorgi.”
After answering that, he stopped walking and opened the Devil’s Bible.
“He is God’s agent and the head of the Yahweh assassination organization. A member of my gang currently has Maya.”
“Where are you now?”
“On the mountain. Miyo excels at handling the senses. She might have lost her personality by now.”
As the Miracle Stream rose from Sirone’s body, Giyorgi turned to the side.
“good.”
“what?”
“If you are precious, you should save it. Also, that is in line with God’s will. step… …
Gyorgi’s eyes seemed to contain an abyss.
“If you leave this place, I will kill everyone in the village. The choice is yours.”
Amy clenched her fists.
“Aren’t you misunderstanding something? If we get rid of you and save Maya, it will be over.”
“Because it is impossible.”
Covering the devil’s bible tightly, he turned around and stood in front of Sirone.
“Yahweh, you can never defeat me. You must already know?”
“If you keep talking nonsense… …
Amy tried to argue, but suddenly realized that Sirone was still silent and turned her head away.
“Sirone, what’s wrong?”
“Magic.”
Sirone’s expression was not good.
“It is a human emotion. Extreme emotions come together and take a certain shape.”
“Suddenly, it sounds obvious… …
“it’s me.”
Amy, who blinked for a moment, looked back with a startled expression.
“no way??????
“okay. That demon is an existence made up of the emotions I abandoned. In other words, it is the darkness of Yahweh.”
said Giyorgi.
“The word abandoned is misleading. It is not that Yahweh has abandoned me, but I have left Yahweh.”
Black smoke rose from his whole body, creating a strange contrast with the Miracle Stream.
“Repent, Yahweh. No more mocking human beings in the name of false gods.”
“Amy, I’ll take care of Maya.”
“but… …
“Maybe a little rough this time.”
Amy swallowed, nodded, and flew up into the sky.
“don’t worry! I will definitely save you!”
The roar of space movement was loud, but Sirone had already blocked unnecessary information.
“… … Let’s move places.”
“Is it to avoid harming humans?”
“okay.”
Giyorgi nodded.
“Exactly, Yahweh.”
Black smoke rose terribly from his body as he kicked off the ground.
“That’s why I win.”
As the Taegeuk effect occurred due to the collision of light and darkness, an achromatic area covered the city.
Citizens screamed.
“Aww! what! What’s wrong with my body all of a sudden!”
Matter rises due to gravitational collapse, and the order of time begins to get tangled up.
“Ray, why is this body! Hey what! Aaaaaa!”
The grotesque sound, unlike any human accent, gave Sirone goosebumps.
“What is it, how is it! Give me life!”
What was even more surprising was that causality was not completely restored even with the Ultima system.
“Lahawon-gu Eulsinja, you have lost a bit. Rama Jibeli is also mua. there is everything
Gohashi lord you these guys.”

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-1008.txt
=============YYYYY=============
Shadow of God (1)
Arriving at the mountain, Amy found a special place with traces of battle.
‘ doesn’t exist.’
Maya was nowhere to be seen, and a thud erupted from the street beyond the mountain.
“It’s pretty fast.”
A light of tension passed through Amy’s eyes as she tried to cast space movement.
As I twisted my body, a man wearing a hood came close to me and punched me.
“Keugh!”
The moment I defended it with both arms, it seemed as if my stomach was on fire, and it pierced my back and escaped.
“Huh!”
“Mr. Giyorgi is really… …
The man who had passed through Amy muttered as he tossed the hood behind his back.
“I’m obsessed with Yahweh, but I can’t let my colleagues go.”
In the meantime, Amy tore her collar from side to side, examining where the pain resided.
‘What’s this?’
There was a dark burn mark between her breasts, which gradually faded as time passed.
Amy turned around.
“What are you?”
It was a fire ant with red skin, erect ears, and antennae on its forehead.
“Gultan. An assassin specializing in sabotage. Actually, I don’t want to fight anyone but Yahweh… …
The selection criteria for Catacombs were those who were more than 6.8 times more effective in battle with Yahweh.
“Still, he’s the division commander.”
As Gultan approached with a large detour in the radius, Amy followed with her gaze. As she penetrated the thick trees, she realized why her previous defense had failed.
‘It penetrates matter.’
Gultan’s fist passed quickly in front of Amy’s eyes, who hurriedly threw her upper body back.
“Hoo?”
Gultan’s eyes widened.
“Your physical ability is also excellent.”
Through the war with the demons, Amy’s schema had reached a high level.
“brand.”
The fire giant that rose from his body spewed flames as if he was roaring at Gultan.
A radius of several tens of meters was burned, but laughter was heard from behind Amy.
“haha!”
At the same time, a hot energy hit his back.
“Huh!”
Because he was hit from behind, all he could see was black smoke escaping through his chest.
‘There was no time to escape. What happened?’
material permeability.
“It is the land.”
“yes. Physical barriers don’t matter. By the way, this is my second.”
I had an ominous feeling.
“What do you mean?”
“I mean I touched your heart twice. Oh, don’t worry. You will not die.”
Gultan’s ability is imagery.
It changes the body into a quantum, penetrates the target, and molds the target’s mind.
“My heart… … What’s up?”
“Craft is a delicate work. You have to touch it over and over again to get the shape you want.”
Amy was just listening.
“But if you are a skilled craftsman, you can roughly shape it with just a few touches. In other words, it is said that the rough frame is set with two touches.”
“frame?”
Gultan spread his arms and laughed.
“I bet you. After this battle, you will be madly in love with me.”
Also, that was the key tactic of the Catacombs to weaken Yahweh’s power.
‘damn!’
The reason it was ominous was that after allowing the second blow, the hostility towards the Gultan had decreased.
‘These are no joke.’
They were the ones who meticulously analyzed Yahweh.
“I also know that you have the ability of red eyes. Investigating the target’s surroundings is the basis of assassination. But it’s no use. The heart I touch is much deeper than the mind.”
Amy was in denial.
‘No, it can’t be. You say I love a demon that looks like that fire ant?’
“That is such a disgusting reaction. I don’t particularly like you either. As for human women, it’s fun to bully them, but it’s not my taste.”
“… … Is it possible to return to the original state?” “In the first place, there is no fixed form in the mind. Time will change, but can you really get away with it? The third touch will be quite detailed.”
“no.”
Amy’s eyes burned red.
“Do whatever you want. Because you will never touch me again.”
“I need to fix that heart first.”
Gultan seeping into the ground appeared behind Amy’s back and raised her fist.
‘Because I can never avoid it.’
The reason why Amy allowed the blow earlier was not because her reflexes were lazy.
‘Quantization.’
This was because time and distance were ignored while Gultan penetrated the material.
There are conditions and restrictions, but they were not a major issue in Amy’s current condition.
‘I’ll touch you, your heart.’
Just before his fist landed on Amy’s back.
“what?”
Gul Tan stepped forward as her body dissipated into fire.
A voice was heard from behind.
“Spontaneous ignition.”
Gultan’s expression became serious when he saw Amy standing with a flame in one hand.
‘Fire teleportation? This is the first time.’ To confirm, Gultan attacked again, but all he could get was a remnant of heat.
‘ I get it.’
A fire started to form where she turned her head, and Amy shook like a haze.
‘The movement speed is not fast. Rather, the problem is the reaction speed.’
The wind pushed in by Gultan extinguished Amy’s fire like a candle.
‘And spark a new ember to ignite again. The speed of movement will be similar to that of convection, but… …
Nearly invincible while moving.
“What are you doing? Aren’t you going to mess with it?”
Amy wiggled his hands and Gultan gritted his teeth.
‘There must be a specific section corresponding to the movement of the air. Either moving very slowly after all… …
Is it fast enough to pierce the wind?
‘It’s impossible for me to stretch out my fist at speeds that exceed the speed of sound. Is it any consolation that she can’t ignite until I get my hands on it?’
I thought so.
“If you’re not going to attack, can I attack?”
Until I was reminded that Amy is a wizard.
“Red flames.”
The flames that climbed up his body condensed into a huge sphere high up in the sky.
Gultan, who had opened his mouth in a daze at the size that made the sense of distance disappear, hurriedly came to his senses.
“for a moment! Negotiate, let’s negotiate!”
Before I could hear an answer, a fireball reaching 6,000 degrees Celsius hit the top.
In an instant, the mountain burned.
“Aaaaaaa!”
It had the power to burn the person who cast the spell, but Amy was smiling.
“To put out the fire… …
The flames swirled down the ridge like a river and then pierced the sky in a huge whirlpool.
“That one?”
On the other side of the Taegeuk with Giyorgi, Sirone watched the pillar of fire rising from the mountain.
‘Amy’s complete combustion.’
It meant that if he was able to use the extremes of the fire world, the opponent was also a person of comparable skill.
‘Let’s not think. I just believe.’ Because that would be a comrade.
‘Rather… …
Among the numerous sounds heard in the Taegeuk area, there was one that was particularly disturbing.
The information that Ultima rearranged the syllables and Shirone analyzed in reverse is as follows.
‘They are watching you. don’t believe in anything Save yourself from the terrible truth.’
It was not the voice of the people.
‘It’s not even Gyorgi.’
So, who said this?
Sirone’s conclusion is that ‘no one in the city can say such a thing.’
‘Aren’t they from this world?’
If it is a combination of extracting specific signals, like making sentences by cutting out letters from newspapers.
‘A message to me.’
The fact that it was delivered when the law was broken gave strength to the hypothesis.
‘Okay, let’s think about it. First of all they are watching me. Who are they? Why don’t you tell me who you are?’
Is it some kind of censorship?
‘And don’t believe anything. If you mean that this world is fake, then it’s like Chi Sing’s philosophy.’ She thought she was the only human being.
‘No, I’m right. It’s real where the world throws its heart at whatever it is. This can never be denied… …
Suddenly, I got goosebumps.
‘Save yourself from the terrible truth.’
What the hell is the truth, why did the sender of the message use the expression “terrible”?
I don’t know.
The only thing I felt was that the current message was penetrating the deepest part of this world.
‘Such an insight.’
The Taegeuk space was encroaching on the vast land beyond the city.
Cayden, seriously injured, burst out screaming as he collapsed in the grass.
“Aww! stop!”
It was hell even to watch Miyo relentlessly harassing Maya.
“Ho-ho-ho! Why are you so stubborn?”
“Kayden.”
Maya’s eyes were unfocused, but she maintained her personality by maintaining her reason until the end.
“Run away. I am… … Because it’s okay
“Aaaaaaa!”
Caden, who was even more miserable at those words, threw his face to the ground and screamed.
‘in action! I mean move!’
As long as he can’t cut Maya out of his heart, he won’t be able to use any power.
‘It doesn’t matter if I die! No, I will give up Maya! give up! give up! Just give up!’
It’s okay if we don’t have to meet each other for the rest of our lives.
“Give up, give up… …
But the mind doesn’t move as you think, so it was just a struggle.
“damn! why not why… … no one can blame
“Knock-knock! are you really funny What can I do about a weak subject… …
Then, as the entire mountain on the other side burned, Miyo’s laughter disappeared in an instant.
‘ what?’
In an unexpected situation, Miyo finally came up with the idea to carry out the strategy of the catacombs.
“Okay, let me free you from the pain.”
Miyo opened Maya’s mouth wide and began to insert her hand into her mouth.
“Wook! Whoops!”
Looking at the suffering Maya, she said.
“However, I will have to take your voice away.” Because that’s how Yahweh will go crazy.
“No no!”
Cayden, who was in a state of fascination, came to his senses and shouted, but there was no way to stop it.
“I will tear off the uvula and give it to Yahweh as a gift.”
“Oooh! Whoops!”
Cayden hit the ground with both fists at the sight of Maya shedding tears.
“in action! I mean move!” There was nowhere to retreat now, but I couldn’t even imagine how to get my mind back.
Cayden pushed the ground with all his might, and red blood rose like a spider’s web in his eyes.
‘Give up! I mean give up!’
I can’t give up, Maya, I’d rather die, I have to save Maya, impossible, what I can do, damn fate, I love you, Maya, Maya, Maya die… … .
Miyo put her fist into Maya’s mouth and smiled broadly as she looked at Cayden.
“Come on, opening soon!”
“Huh!”
My eyes were clouded by the maddening fear, and Miyo’s voice was vaguely distant.
“Ho Ho! This beautiful voice is my… …
jump.
A tearing sound echoed in Caden’s brain.
“uh?”
The next moment, Miyo looked at her condition with an incomprehensible expression.
“why?”
The arm had been cut cleanly.
“ha. ha.”
Taking a deep breath, Caden recalled the situation from a while ago.
‘What happened?’
As I turned my tense face to the side, I saw the sword that cut Miyo’s arm.
‘I… … Did you cut it?’
It was obviously his arm and his senses were alive, but he was completely out of control of his brain.

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-1009.txt
=============YYYYY=============
Shadow of God (2)
The mountain seen from the sky was a huge charcoal with hundreds of thousands of lights shining like stars.
Amy exhaled calmly at a temperature where the heat alone could burn a creature to death.
‘Yahweh’s assassination organization.’
Gultan’s ability imagery must have been much more fatal to Sirone than to himself.
“Maya.”
Leaving many thoughts behind, Amy looked at the forested mountain on the other side.
‘Is it too late?’
If the person who attacked Maya was on the same level as Gultan, he would have died a hundred times.
“huh?”
Excitement burned red.
‘ what?’
In the depths of the forest, an artificial shaking completely different from the natural phenomenon was captured.
It meant they were still fighting.
Amy immediately cast space movement towards it.
Miyo, whose arm had been cut off, tried to understand the situation a moment ago without even thinking about stopping the bleeding.
‘What happened?’
An arm could be cut off, but it didn’t make sense that he wasn’t even aware of it.
‘I am the division commander. And that guy was a weakling who couldn’t even stand up a second ago.’
Miyo looked back at Cayden at the huge gap that could not be explained even with realization.
“What are you?”
Cayden couldn’t answer.
‘Why can’t I move my arm?’ Still, his right arm was fixed in space with the sword extended horizontally.
‘get off! Lower your arms!’
As I pushed my consciousness into it, the feel of the handle and the weight of the blade were clearly conveyed.
‘It’s not a matter of the senses.’
Still, my arm didn’t move, and I felt like I had forgotten how to give orders.
‘The problem is the brain. what the heck… … Something I had just heard had nothing to do with the ripping sound.
‘Let’s not think.’ Cayden left his right arm stiff as if in a cast and turned around.
‘The priority is to protect Maya.’ The moment I see Miyo in my eyes,
‘s sword started cutting through the air like mad.
Caden was unconcerned.
Obviously, the senses are alive, but the brain is not processing them.
“What are you doing?”
Kayden, who finally realized what Miyo said, was surprised to see his arm move freely.
“What is this… …
The moment I pushed my consciousness, my thoughts disappeared and my body sprang forward.
“Kiyaaaa!”
Miyo’s remaining arm was cut off, and a tearing scream embroidered the mountain.
“You son of a bitch!”
She stretched out her shortened arms and opened her mouth wide, revealing her teeth.
“I’ll chew your heart out!”
Cayden tried to regain consciousness.
And the moment I regained control of my body, I felt the power draining from my whole body.
‘Damn it!’
Miyo rushed forward with her head in front.
Even a simple head-butt would be enough to break bones if the division commander’s physical ability was there.
At the same time, Cayden’s right arm drove the sword into the ground, raising a thick iron wall.
thud!
Miyo’s pupils shook violently.
“Aww!”
As she dropped to her knees, grabbing her hair and shaking it, the iron wall cracked.
Cayden finally sensed it.
‘Two brains.’
I’m not sure, but it seems that the network between the left and right brains has been disconnected.
‘The brain moving my right arm no longer sends me signals. That’s why I can’t control it.’
If you hypothesize like that, it is understandable that your thoughts evaporated from the blow you had put all your heart into just a moment ago.
‘Then, if the brain that does not send me a signal, momentarily dominates the body… …
Cayden is not getting any signal.
“Heh. Hehehe.”
How is it?
The fate of the Red Cross, if only one right arm could be freed from that damn fate.
“Maya.”
If only I could hold her hand
“Now you… …
Before she could finish her words, Miyo, who had been crouching down, threw herself at Maya.
“Kiyi!”
Hitting your head against an iron wall is already a fatal blow.
If so, it was best to complete at least part of the strategy the Catacombs had laid out.
‘Kill Maya. If you can gnaw away even a little bit of Yahweh’s heart… … cried Caden.
“Maya!”
But the brain he could control was stuck in the fate of the Red Cross and couldn’t budge.
“Die!”
Miyo’s chest opened vertically, and ferocious ribs grew open like a jaw.
At the same time, the flash crashed.
Amy, who arrived by space transfer, grasped the situation in an instant and jumped.
‘It’s a big deal!’
As a result of analyzing the autoimage memory, it was 0.43 seconds short of saving Maya.
“Wow!”
Maya, who has the nerve speed of a sensitive general public, belatedly burst into a scream.
“Knock-knock! late!”
Miyo, who had exposed all of her disgusting internal organs, attacked her with her many ribs closed.
slam!
Amy’s steps stopped.
As Miyo’s body was split in two, it passed Maya’s left and right sides and landed on the ground.
“Huh! black!”
Maya, who was holding her hands up like a puppy, realized something strange and slowly opened her eyes.
Cayden was glaring at Miyo with the long sword he was holding in reverse.
Amy opened her mouth blankly.
‘Demonic sword, serve.’
It’s a special move in itself, but compared to my school days, it was a swordsman on a different level.
“Kaden, how are you?”
There are a lot of things I want to say, but there is something I need to say first.
‘Even dreaming was a luxury, but now I can.’
As Cayden approached with her eyes wide open, Maya greeted her with a smile.
“Thank you, Kayden. If it wasn’t for you I… …
“Maya.”
The moment Caden stopped talking, Maya’s shoulders twitched and her face went pale.
“I will formally confess. From the first time we met, there was only you in my heart.”
“Hey, hey, Caden.”
Amy interrupted, but Caden ignored him.
“It’s okay if you don’t like me. just know that i love you Then I can do anything. I am not afraid of hell or death.” The reason Maya couldn’t say anything was because Cayden’s words and eyes were so serious.
‘Why are you doing this, man? Are you kidding me?’
If he hadn’t seen how much Caden had sacrificed to save him, he would have turned cheek first.
“Can I ask you a favor instead?” Caden said with a friendly smile.
did.
“Just once, will you sing for me? that’s my only wish Of course, if you don’t like… …
“hey! Cayden!”
Only then did Caden turn his head.
“Why? Can’t you see what I’m doing?”
“I’m not doing this because I look too good! What are you doing to Maya? hand! your hand!”
“huh?”
Blinking for a moment, Cayden traced the right hand along his shoulder.
It was Maya’s chest.
Cayden’s eyes, which had been watching what the hand was doing for about a second, were filled with fear.
“Aaaaaa! What is this, damn it! What the hell is this!”
“How do I know that, you madman! Get your hands off me quickly!”
“O this”
Cayden stomped his feet, but couldn’t figure out how to move his right hand.
“Keugh!”
It was only when I finally grabbed my wrist and stepped back that the terrible accident came to an end.
‘why? Why?’
He’d never made a mistake in his life, so how could his hands do such stupid things?
Only the brain would have known.
‘Maya!’
Cayden turned his head and saw Maya avoiding his gaze and cried.
‘ruined. done.’
Is the fate of the Red Cross not allowing even the first and last confession of one’s life?
Imagining what she would think of me made me feel like falling into abyss.
“I’m sorry, Maya. This is absolutely not my will. I don’t even know what these hands did.”
It was a typical perverted excuse, but Maya, who had guessed it, nodded.
“Oh, yes. okay.”
Of course, that didn’t mean he had the courage to close his distance with Cayden again.
Caught in despair, Cayden’s eyes lit up and he drew out his sword with his left hand.
“damn! Then I will punish you!” Amy and Maya shouted at the same time.
“for a moment! Cayden!”
But before Caden could do anything, his right hand moved of its own accord and slapped him in the face.
“100 million!”
Cayden, beaten by his own fist, lost his temper.
“Aaaaaaa!”
With the left hand that threw the sword, he started fighting with his right hand, and the momentum was gargantuan.
But in the end, the right hand overpowered the left and twisted outward strongly.
As the two women watched in bewilderment, Cayden finally admitted defeat.
“Ahhh! okay! lost! I lost!”
It would be sad if he was second only to stubbornness, but what would he do by defeating his own right hand?
muttered Maya.
“I knew you were a strange person from before, but… …
“shit! shit!”
Cayden, sitting helplessly on the floor, stared intently at the sword that fell right next to him.
“Should I really cut it?”
said Amy.
“Arthur. I don’t know the circumstances, but you saved Maya anyway. Thanks to that right arm.”
“Sheesh! How can I protect Maya if she keeps coming out like this? Do you know what these hands can do?”
Maya realized the real reason for Cayden’s disappointment.
“I will tell you.” Cayden walked over and she sat down next to her.
“You are not sincere. No, honestly, I don’t know how it works, but the Kayden I know isn’t like that. therefore… … Whenever this happens, I will tell you.”
“M-Maya.”
“Thank you, Kayden. Thanks to you, I can continue to sing. I will also grant you the request you made earlier.”
Caden bit his lower lip, but couldn’t stop the tears from flowing.
‘Because I’m secretly soft-hearted.’ Of course I know.
How Cayden had dreamed of this moment, how he had screamed madly at his damned fate.
‘congratulations.’
Even if it was only his right arm, it was the first thing he got by ripping through his fate with his own power.
how much time has passed
After the emotional storm passed, the three of them sat side by side on the hill and watched the city.
“by the way… …
It was a sight that even Cayden, who fought fiercely, could not help but collapse.
“That’s amazing.”
The gray space created by Taegeuk was spreading towards the end of the horizon.
‘I wonder what’s going on inside… … I can’t even imagine.’
said Amy.
“Time, space, law, mind. It’s all in a state of collapse, endlessly circulating. The moment you enter there, your thoughts will be destroyed and you will lose even your ego.”
They weren’t up to interfering.
The space of Taegeuk was like a waterfall, where strong energy flows rapidly backwards.
Sirone and Giyorgi looked at each other.
Just 2 meters away, the power to swallow the world is created from that small nucleus.
said Giyorgi.
“How long are you going to hold out, Yahweh? You should know. Taegeuk expands endlessly.”
If no one backed down, it would eventually swallow the whole world.
“The odds are half and half. I won’t stop you if you want to bet me on the whole of humanity, but… …
Yahweh will not be able to do that.
“Gyorgi.”
Sirone was the first to speak.
“You seem to be overconfident in yourself. Whoever you are, you are only a shadow. You cannot surpass me.”
“… … Maybe.”
Giyorgi’s eyes flashed as he bent his upper body, revealing the ghost’s face.
“But what about this?”
As the power of evil grew, the Taegeuk space, which had been in a lull, began to expand again.
“Quack! Will you accept or will you back down? Yahweh, you gamble with humanity?”
“So you can’t.”
With Giyorgi’s expression crumpled, Sirone sharply twisted the distribution of power.
“Is this Taegeuk?”
In the place where the energy of light weakened, the energy of darkness began to infiltrate at a terrifying speed.
‘Twist here again… …
The speed of light became much faster when it inherited the power pushed by darkness and rotated it.
Gyorgi realized.
‘Damn it!’
Light and darkness circulate endlessly in the bridle of Taegeuk.
‘Use the power of darkness to amplify the light. As a result, Yahweh is faster than me.’
“If you’re going to do this with me, bring me or something.” In the game of yin and yang spinning at breakneck speed, the teeth of light finally bite the tail of darkness.

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-101.txt
=============YYYYY=============
[101] Meeting God (3)
Sirone felt like he had been hit in the head with a hammer. Even if this place was the underworld, it was a state of being reliable, but meeting a god was a completely different matter.
“Are you a god?”
“Don’t you believe it?”
“well. I didn’t even know there was a God, but I thought that even if there was, he wouldn’t be this human.”
The woman smiled.
“Every creature has no choice but to resemble its creator. It is like any object made by humans inevitably contains human thoughts and forms. Plants, animals, mountains and seas all resemble God. But the degree is different. Creativity is the criterion. For example, squirrels are more creative than rocks. In that sense, humans are quite like gods. and sirone. You are one of the most godlike among them.”
The woman reached out and stroked Sirone’s face.
“Sirone. Would you like to create the world with me?”
Sirone was confused. Everything was so sudden and unfamiliar. Above all, the woman’s words that this place is not the afterlife remained in my mind. Maybe it was a little bit of hope.
“Is there any way I can go back?”
The woman looked at Sirone in surprise and shook her head.
“Sorry, Sirone, there is no way to go back. Didn’t you choose to end your life? Do you want to go back now?”
“It is not. It was definitely something I was prepared for, and if it wasn’t for you, I wouldn’t have come back to my senses like this. Oh, over there… … Can I call you like this?”
“Sure. God is just a concept. I have no name.”
“Then may I ask you one more question?”
“Whoops, whatever.”
“Why are you lying?”
The woman’s brow narrowed. That alone made the temple shake.
“God doesn’t lie. No, I am an existence that cannot lie.”
If God is omnipotent, lying is impossible. Because any word can turn into truth. But Sirone read it in the woman’s eyes. She was hiding something.
“When I asked if there was any way to go back, I said no. But that’s not true.”
“Whether there is a way to go back or not, there is no way back unless I am there. That’s why.”
“That’s a lie”
“You don’t understand, Sirone. They said there was no way I could go back. So I can’t go back, never!”
“Then I will tell you again. It has nothing to do with your doctor. What I want to hear is, is there a way to return to the original world?”
“There is no way!”
“Another lie!”
The woman’s shoulders twitched. Sirone did not miss her reaction. As she panicked, the scenery of her temple shimmered as if she were submerged in her water.
“Are you really a god?”
It was suspicious from the start. Of course, there is no reason why the form of a god imagined by humans should be a real god, but even so, the woman’s reaction was very human.
The woman nodded as if she knew something.
“Sirone. We have different conceptions of God. So there is a misunderstanding. God is not as sublime as you think. He is just the designer of the world.”
When the woman held out her hand, a glass ball floated above her palm. Inside the glass sphere was a scene of a small town, with sparse people standing there.
“You see, I created a village. Of course it’s a model. But you can move people like this.”
The woman put her finger in the glass ball and carried the farmer feeding the horse to a nearby field.
“Okay, the farmer has moved. Changing space means giving time. Can you find something different from the world Sirone used to live in? doesn’t exist. This is God. I have now become the god of this town.”
The woman held out the glass ball in front of Sirone’s eyes.
“A god is, in the end, nothing more than a designer who can create a dimension one level lower than the one he is in. Why do you still feel that God is absolute? And that’s the fun part. This farmer will not feel that a force has acted on his movement to a nearby field.”
The woman pulled out the glass ball again and held it up with her palms. As she spread her arms wide, her village expanded in an instant and she covered the temple.
Sirone looked around. He had already entered the village. The two stood at the end of the trail and faced each other. Others still didn’t move.
The woman approached the farmer who was tiling the field.
“This farmer has no idea how imperfect the world I’ve created is. Because I was born here. There is only one way to know.”
“It’s an immortal function.”
“that’s right. The immortal function expands the senses as a whole. This town is enclosed in a glass globe. Therefore, it is no exaggeration to say that there is no world beyond the glass sphere.”
The woman put her hand on the farmer’s shoulder. The farmer turned to light and covered the entire sky. In that state, as the woman held out her fist, the landscape shrunk and the entire village was once again immersed in the glass sphere.
Sirone stared at the glass ball quietly. He was filled with light emanating from the farmer.
“This farmer has been expanded entirely through Immortal Functions. But even so, I cannot recognize the existence of me. It is Sirone, and you are too.”
Sirone’s condition as a farmer did not seem like someone else’s business. She said that if she hadn’t tried to hijack the woman, she too would have been disseminated in a meaningless light.
“What do you want from me? Knowing that, what can I do?”
“This is it, Sirone.”
The woman pressed the glass ball between her palms. Then the glass sphere shrank and compressed into a black dot.
“spot… … .”
“yes. This is the identity of the world we live in. The world you live in is, after all, just a dot. But once inside, an infinite world opens up. It is the space-time matrix.”
The woman showed herself. The landscape of the glass sphere disappeared into dots and a new world was born. Another world within a world, and then another world… … . Then, when we put our palms together, the glass sphere disappeared. Billions of worlds perished in an instant.
“Please enter the time-space I created. Create your spacetime there. Then a perfect universe will be born.”
For some reason, she seemed to want to innovate her world. It wasn’t a particularly embarrassing proposition. It was a decent ending if she became a god from another world in return for risking death.
“I can’t.”
The woman asked as if she couldn’t understand.
“Why? There would be no cause or reason for refusal.”
“Because if I enter your time-space, I will have to sacrifice someone like me again.”
A glimmer of sadness flashed in the woman’s eyes. But the change in her emotions was short-lived, and she soon returned to her cold expression, and she said to Sirone.
“What does that matter? It’s the world you created anyway.”
“But you are not a god.”
For the first time, hostility flashed in the woman’s eyes.
“You are a human being in the same world as me. The proof is that I was brought here before I was completely disbanded. Shouldn’t God really be outside the world?”
The woman did not deny it. That didn’t change the results.
“Sirone, you must follow my words. I called you for a purpose. If you refuse, you can go through the process of disbanding right now.”
It is a spirit reconstructed with the power of a woman. So it might be free to go back. However, as long as there was even the slightest possibility of returning to the original world, Sirone did not intend to obey.
“It will not disintegrate.”
The woman reached out to Sirone and cast the Almighty of Destruction. However, Sirone was not disbanded. Because she had already entered the Spirit Zone.
“You got another problem right. An excellent choice.”
The woman’s arm came down slowly.
“I get it now. The Spirit Zone was also a spot.”
The spot could be infinitely penetrated by the principle of space-time matrix. It was the reason why Sirone, the spirit body, was able to enter the Spirit Zone again.
“And here… … It is your spirit zone.”
Sirone concentrated the energy of light. The woman frowned in displeasure. The red glow of her sirone, rising from her body, was oppressing her with her ferocious aura.
Gold Medal (1)
The fifth day of Sirone’s death.
The students all regained their memories. Children in particular were confused. However, since they were also talented people with exceptional mental strength than ordinary people, the aftereffects were not as severe as expected.
But the real trouble began now.
The incident in which the school was taken over by monsters exposed the vulnerability of the security facility. In particular, safety was a specification that had to be considered as a top priority under the regulations of schools that operate a dormitory system.
The biggest problem was that there were deaths among students. It was also Ariane Sirone, who was expected to be a promising star in the school.
Sirone was in the infirmary instead of the morgue at the request of Iruki and Nade. Common sense meant that a funeral should be held, but the teachers were also in a situation where they noticed.
The reason why there is no movement in the student council to determine who is responsible is because there has not been a ruling on Sirone’s death.
In the end, it was like planning a strategy to avoid responsibility by turning Sirone into a specter.
Of course, there were not a few teachers who felt remorse for this method. Currently, they are gathering in the teacher’s conference room to emphasize the urgency of the issue.
“We have to hold Sirone’s funeral right now. I have to tell my parents too. If we don’t deal with it now, the school’s policy will be criticized later.”
“It is not an easy decision. If the news of a student’s death spreads, the aftermath will be devastating. You could lose the reputation you’ve built so far in an instant.”
“Are you lying that the dead student was alive? It’s going to be known eventually! The position that schools should take now is to make a declaration of conscience. Reputation isn’t the issue, the school might close.”
“Who doesn’t know that? Wouldn’t you like to take a little more time to think about it?”
“Why don’t you know that the more time you take, the worse it gets? Currently, Arcane’s disciples are also missing. Missing a criminal is also fatal. We must act now.”
Currently, the teachers who are delaying Sirone’s funeral are divided into two groups. Those who made political calculations were on the side of trying to satisfy the anger of the students while wasting time as much as possible.
On the other hand, there were teachers who really couldn’t accept Sirone’s death. Representatively, Etella, Sade, and Shiina, who were directly involved in the scene at the time, were also in a position to doubt Sirone’s death.
“Principal, tell me! I heard that the student council is being convened today. Teachers also need to take action.”
The student council also had a big impact on the teachers’ impatientness. This is because students with numerous families on their backs miss the right time to use their hands when they start accusing the school.
“I am in a position to watch.”
Most of the teachers rose up.
“principal!”
Alpheas understood their feelings. The more time passes, the worse the school becomes. But he had more important things than the school’s existence. It was the exact state of Sirone.
Is Sirone dead?
It was an absurd agenda for a magic school, a symbol of intelligence, to propose.
So I was more careful. If the dead person hadn’t been Sirone, would he have even suspected this?
‘You have to think rationally. But I can’t.’
Perhaps only Sirone is receiving special treatment. But even knowing that fact, Alfeas couldn’t let go of the subtle feeling stuck in a corner of her head.
—————————————

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-1010.txt
=============YYYYY=============
Shadow of God (3)
Ouroboros.
It is a concept that symbolizes infinity as a whale, and a representative picture is a snake eating its own tail to grow.
Even if you swallow your tail and keep moving, your body will grow that much, so there is no end.
but.
‘I’ll eat them all up!’
Sirone’s teeth didn’t even give Giyorgi a chance to regenerate, as he violently chewed and swallowed the tail.
“Big!”
Giyorgi, with the veins standing up in his neck, tried his best to increase the power of evil, but… … .
‘impossible.’
It was extremely impossible to overturn the inertia from the already destroyed balance.
Perhaps an understanding of infinity.
The technical difference between Giyorgi, who was born with him, and Shirone, who experienced himself from nothing to Han.
‘At least that much.’
However, that one difference breaks the balance and creates a cosmic gap.
Gyorgi didn’t try anymore.
As the 20,000th order of circulation proceeded in an instant, the light purged the darkness.
“Ahh! Fall!”
Citizens floating in the air fell to the ground, followed by all the dust that existed in the city.
Pussssss.
Sirone turned around in the gray landscape as if snow had piled up.
The Miracle Stream that engulfed the darkness circled around and slowly disappeared.
“Give up, Gyorgi. You can copy me now, but you can’t copy my experiences.”
Giyorgi raised one corner of his mouth.
“I guess so. We already know that you cannot defeat Yahweh with the straight air method. Maybe more than you.”
“But why?”
Expanding his senses, Giyorgi realized that Miyo no longer existed.
“first… … Shall we say it is part of the tactic? And I wanted to bump into them once.”
“once?”
Sirone wrinkled his brow.
“I don’t quite understand. Do you think I will give you a second chance?”
“Don’t be mistaken, Yahweh.”
Giyorgi opened the Devil’s Bible.
“This bible is the only one in the underworld, and it is the source of all my powers.”
The page turned by itself.
“I don’t have Hexa in the first place. The ability to stand against you is 1 Markina 16:5. Thus chaos willingly becomes the shadow of the god, trampled by his feet, and endlessly shapes his form.
will be hindered It is a phrase.” Sirone noted that the bible was thousands of pages long.
“Yeah, as you guessed. The devil’s bible contains many abilities. Of course I’m not as good as you.”
Hexa contained infinite possibilities.
“What do you want to say? so… … Are you going to use all your skills against me?”
“That is also included in the number of cases. If you don’t agree to the deal.”
Giyorgi picked up the page.
“If you let me go like this, I will destroy this ability in front of you. Incidentally, only I Markina 16:5 has the ability to imitate Hexa.”
Sirone wrinkled his brow.
‘Are you destroying it? It must be the most important ability to become the leader of the catacombs.’
If it was Sirone’s demon, there would be no way to cheat.
‘And it’s not a bad suggestion either.’ Even if you can get the upper hand in Taegeuk, it’s definitely awkward for your opponent to imitate Hexa.
‘On the other hand, if I break 1 Marchina 16:5, I can actively deal with the opponent no matter how it turns out.’
Sirone’s eyes calmed down.
‘This guy… …
really look like yourself
‘I calculated everything from the beginning and jumped in. Trying a power showdown, being able to make a deal if you fail, thinking that I would accept this offer… …
It is impossible without a deep understanding of Yahweh.
So it was bittersweet.
‘If you can think and judge like me… …
Can’t you even understand your own heart?
Gyorgi pressed on.
“Looks like you had enough time to think? Make a quick decision now. The choice is yours.”
Sirone did not get involved.
‘It’s a bluff anyway.’
It was so easy to read each other’s thoughts.
After that, Sirone, who had been immersed in thought for a long time, took a deep breath and said.
“This is the last time. There will be no second time.”
“… … The deal is done.” The page of chapter 16, verse 5 was torn.
“Remember, Yahweh. They may be stronger than me, but evil always triumphs over good.”
While watching the enemy leave, Sirone quickly caught the paper blowing in the wind.
‘The Devil’s Bible.’
Verses from the Book of Marchina were reflected in Sirone’s sad eyes.
Giyorgi, who left the city, found someone waiting 20 meters ahead.
“Were you alive?”
It was Gultan, a member of the Catacombs. He changed into new clothes, but the burn scars on his face and hands could not be covered.
“… … It’s not a particularly welcoming tone.”
Gultan stood beside him, but Giyorgi didn’t even look at him and moved forward.
“No, it’s fortunate that the power failure was prevented. just… … I didn’t think you’d be alive.”
“Hong, to that human girl.”
To be honest, it was breathtaking.
The limit of the radius that Gultan can move in the quantization state is at most about 100 meters.
In order to get out of the mountain that Amy burned down, he made seven re-jumps.
The total time of exposure to heat was less than 1 second, but it was a burn that was close to lethal nonetheless.
‘I need treatment.’
Even as Gultan limped along, Giyorgi did not slow down.
There is no comradeship between the demons anyway, but Gultan felt bad in a different way.
“By the way, what happened to Mr. Giyorgi? Have you not met Yahweh?”
“I tried sticking. It was strong.”
Giyorgi’s condition was too good to see that he had fought a fierce battle.
“Is that really all? Didn’t you somehow avoid the fight?”
“What do you mean?”
“Obviously Yahweh is strong. But he must know at least how to overcome good with evil.”
Gyorgi was lost in thought.
‘Do I hate Yahweh?’
If a being becomes two, they will do everything in their power to kill each other.
‘To be the only real one.’
But can you call it hate?
“It’s just a retreat to perfection. Summon all members of the Catacombs within 3 days. Modify your strategy.”
“All right.”
Gultan was still suspicious, but he didn’t have the courage to push Gyorgi further.
Amy, Cayden, and Maya landed in front of Sirone via space travel.
Amy asked.
“How are you? What about Giyorgi?”
“for now… … It’s like a draw. You won’t have to worry for a while.”
“tie?”
Is this a conclusion that can be drawn against the demons?
“It looks good anyway.”
Seeing Maya and Cayden side by side, Sirone roughly guessed the situation.
Maya approached awkwardly.
“I’m sorry, I got caught up in something dangerous because of me. I have no face seeing you and Amy.”
“are you okay. I’m glad you’re safe.” Cayden has arrived.
“Sirone, I… …
As soon as it came within range, Cayden’s right arm swung toward Sirone’s face.
“Ugh!”
Sirone tilted her head and asked.
“what?”
However, it was Cayden who was surprised, and started wrestling with his right arm.
“damn! Stay still!”
Sirone, who had been watching blankly, asked.
“What happened?”
“that is??????
After hearing Amy’s circumstances, Sirone nodded.
“It’s like God’s Hand Syndrome.” Cayden’s right hand fell silent like a lie, and he looked back with his eyes shining.
“God’s hand?”
“It is a problem in the information processing stage of the brain. In the past, people mistakenly thought it belonged to a god, so they called it that. I know it’s mostly caused by trauma.”
Cayden’s case was different.
‘It’s common for emotions to change the body. However, changing even the mechanism of the accident circuit… …
I could see how much stress Caden was under at that moment.
“First, let’s go to Baska and get tested. I will also look for a cure with Seriel.”
“No, I like it the way it is now. I can give up anything if I can protect Maya.”
Maya’s face turned red.
Sirone, who had been gazing at him with a smile, corrected his expression and raised both hands.
‘Miracle stream.’
The smoke of light coalesced into two in the air and seeped into Caden and Maya’s heads.
“Huh!”
As the light of agape dwelled in her heart, hot tears flowed down Maya’s cheeks.
” iced coffee??????
It was Sirone’s love.
“For the time being, emotional illness won’t manifest. But there is a condition. Maya and Kayden, we need your help.”
Maya nodded.
“I will do anything I can. No, I will do even the impossible.”
Seeing Maya revived in front of Sirone, Caden’s heart ached.
‘I can’t make Maya laugh.’ The reason why her right arm is still is because she can’t even be jealous of Shirone.
‘Let’s not be greedy.’
Finding a way to protect her did not escape fate.
‘If I obsess, Maya becomes dangerous. She’s keeping her safe, that’s all she thinks about.’
Leaving personal feelings behind, Sirone and the others left the city for their next mission.
“Take Maya and go to Baska. I will be waiting for you when you arrive at the royal castle.”
After hearing the explanation of the simultaneous incident, Cayden grabbed the handle of the sword and said.
“don’t worry. Maya will be all right.” Perhaps so, but it was Cayden that Sirone was worried about.
‘It’s not yet time to reveal it. I hope it stays like this for now.’
The fate of the Red Cross, the true meaning of its laws, was told by Omega’s history.
“okay. See you in the capital.”
Cayden, who pulled out his sword with his right hand, took Maya and cast space movement.
Looking up at the flashes of light bending into the sky, Amy said with a hearty smile.
“It’s fine though. To be able to be with someone Caden likes.” Sirone couldn’t bear to say that she should have given up on Maya instead.
Hey hey hey!
The noise of space movement, which had gone far into the sky, returned in a flash of light.
“huh?”
An old man who hid his intensely shining eyes behind a benevolent face appeared with his hands behind his back.
“Mr. Lampa.”
It was Arnold Lampa, the world’s greatest intelligence wizard.
“Oh Daesung.”
There was only one reason why he, who was dealing with numerous agendas, visited Sirone and Amy’s party.
“I found Wena Wizard.”
As an awakened person from birth, he is the only person who has the purity to stand against Harbitz.
“You’re still alive.”
“yes. You are now in Stang Kingdom. The 10 Sorcerers Association is monitoring and guarding at the same time.”
There are as many as five 1-star residents of the System Inspection Department and the same number of satellites.
They were called the 10 Magicians, and unlike the other stars, they were raised by Freed through training.
said Amy.
“Finally, this is a serious mission. What kind of kid is Wizard? It’s a girl, right? Are you cute?”
“that is… …
Rampa, who has lived for 112 years, searched his head and came up with only two words.
“Yes, what.”

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-1011.txt
=============YYYYY=============
Shadow of God (4)
Stang Kingdom.
It was located at the southernmost part of the Central Continent and was relatively less damaged by demons.
“Due to the atomic bomb project, most of the army from Hell entered Baska’s flower fields.”
Amy took Rampa’s words.
“Then they were baptized by the light of Sirone and all scattered to the south.”
“yes. Hit the southern continent like a cannonball. However, the Southern Continent is not as densely populated as the Central Continent, and the Demon tribes have also been reduced in number, so they have escaped catastrophic damage.”
Sirone said.
“And the Southern Continent… … It’s the only area where the Corps Commander’s Pandemonium hasn’t been opened.”
It was also where Fermi ruled.
“Should I say lucky? But the kingdom of Stang in the Central Continent is the lucky one on the battlefield. Thanks to the demons spreading from Tormia, the kingdom of Stang in the west suffered little damage. Due to these various factors, it is considered as one of the candidates to take the presidency of the next world.”
In other words, it meant that there was a possibility that he would stand out in the upcoming holy war.
“This is the Kingdom of Stang from here.”
When Sirone looked, the barriers built along the border stretched all the way to the horizon.
‘The lucky man on the battlefield.’
The mere fact that they had intact walls showed how blessed they were.
We set off before dawn, and the morning sun was beating down upon us when we crossed the border.
Upon arriving at the border guard, the highest minister of the Kingdom of Stang was already waiting.
“Star of the Ivory Tower, I am so honored to have visited our kingdom of Stang.”
The official who lowered his head to the deepest part delivered the king’s personal letter with both hands.
Sirone looked through the letter and found an apology for not being able to meet her.
‘surely… … He’s not an ordinary person.’ No matter what kind of rhetoric they wrap it up, the fact that a single king ignored Odaeseong has not changed.
“His Highness wanted to come out himself. However, with immigrants from other countries flocking in droves… …
“That’s Okay.”
A politician’s words have no value whatsoever.
The wizard was the only reason he came here anyway, and it was better if the job was handled quickly.
“I want to start with a field trip.”
The official, who had already heard the situation from Rampa, lowered his head as if he had waited.
“yes. I have prepared a wagon.” The reason why I didn’t use magic was because it was a ‘tour’.
The place he arrived at was the ‘Stang National Magic School’, which was recently established in the Kingdom of Stang.
While the official was going through the process, Sirone was able to hear the details from Lampa.
“The Kingdom of Stang, which suffered minimal damage from the war, accepted immigrants and aggressively brought in talented people from all over the world. Wenna Wi Judd is one of them.”
“The fact that it was discovered this late means that there was a duke of the Kingdom of Stang.”
“yes. It was kept strictly confidential, and it seems that they were scouted for a large sum of money. According to the investigation, it seems that the position of the head of the Magic Association of Stang Kingdom has been conditionally guaranteed.”
“The head of the Magic Association… …
It was not a suggestion that could be made to a seven-year-old wizard.
‘What kind of child is this?’
When I entered the school with half curiosity and half expectation, many students were engrossed in training.
As befits a well-chosen talent, the intensity of training was considerable and the ages were different.
I was looking for the youngest child, and an official who had completed the tour procedure came with documents.
“According to Oh Dae-seong’s request, his status was left unresolved. Students and teachers know that the Kingdom Inspector is coming.”
“thank you.”
Anyway, the 10 members of the Ivory Tower’s Mage Council should have finished the comprehensive analysis anyway.
‘Let’s keep a distance and watch.’
If you are a seven-year-old child who has to take responsibility for the atrocious Havitz, you’d better approach with caution.
Rampa pointed to the 2,000 training ground.
“That child is a wizard.”
Where Sirone and Amy’s eyes turned, a girl was fighting with adults.
Blond hair in two pigtails with an intelligent face. Body size was smaller than expected.
‘Looks like an ordinary child.’
However, it was possible to know that it was beyond the normal category just by its movement.
“fun! fun!”
Among the young adults who devoted their lives to developing magic, only she was excited.
The most bizarre thing was that all 14 students were aiming for Wizard.
Amy didn’t say anything. If she was just at the level of avoiding attacks well, she could be called an excellent wizard, but… … .
“That… … what?”
He was using a concept so familiar to humans, called ‘movement’, in a form he had never seen before.
“Super Logic.”
Sirone said.
“It is completely out of our common sense of cause and effect. It’s not something you can get by training. not even a talent just… …
To give a precise definition.
“You were born that way.” I could feel the presence behind Sirone and the others.
“So is our analysis.”
The 10 Magicians, 5 Ivory Tower 1-star residents, and their satellites stood in two rows.
The official shook his shoulders at the sudden appearance and instinctively lowered his back.
‘Thirteen stars gathered in one place? This is unprecedented in our kingdom.’
Perhaps it is the value of a wizard.
The 10 Magicians Council, not even paying attention to the official, approached Sirone and greeted them.
“Meet Oh Dae-seong.”
Sirone, who had been watching the Wizard for a long time, looked back belatedly.
“nice to meet you. I saw it during the ivory tower gathering. I’m sorry about Mr. Fried.”
Leader Bartok shook his head.
“Master enjoyed fighting strong enemies. He must have had no regrets because his opponent was Ymir.”
He explained that he thought the face-to-face ceremony was enough.
“As evaluated by Oh Dae-seong, wizards are based on super logic. Maternal awakening, or synesthesia at the fetal stage, seems to have had a major impact.”
Lampa continued.
“I see color in sound, and hear sound in form. Of course, other wizards are also possible. However, what is unique about Wizards is that even their way of thinking is synesthetic.”
said the leader.
“For example, in the game of Go in the East, humans play one move and predict the next move. Even if you draw all the numbers in your head, the order of your thoughts is absolutely logical. But the wizard… …
“You’re ignoring causality.”
“yes. It is not thinking in reverse, nor is it thinking from the middle. It’s to take the whole thing off. Simply put, if a human plays a move, a move… …
The leader took a deep breath.
“Wizard is the beginning and the end of the match, the whole fight unfolds.”
Lampa pointed at the Wizard.
“It doesn’t matter what movements or magic the students attack the Wizard with. The moment a change occurs, the whole picture is completed in my head at once.”
Sirone watched the Wizard’s battle.
“Bread! Bread! Bread!”
She was shooting an air gun, the basics of magic, at her brother and sister.
“There is no power.”
“yes. Two thousand times are dealing with students with the minimum damage that can be judged. It takes roughly 2,000 hits to knock out one person. Even so, the result… …
14 students collapsed with groans at the same time as the air gun spread.
“This is what happens.”
“… … okay. Simultaneous suppression is impossible unless all of the opponent’s mental strength is set to 1.”
“yes. Being able to achieve this level of coordination must have tens of thousands of winning patterns popping up in her head. If it is only necessary to produce the result of victory, even if 200 people cling to it, it is the level of winning. If that’s the condition of accepting damage to some extent… …
Lampa stopped talking.
It was because it was embarrassing to say that it could theoretically subdue more than 400 people.
“ha ha ha! won! I won again. Wizard jumped around with his arms flashed among the shocked students.
Then, he gnashed his teeth and approached the girl who swallowed her anger, bit her tongue and blew into the wind.
“Pooh! Pooh! I won. I won.”
The girl’s eyes widened.
“??????damn!”
But when he saw the seven-year-old’s face, he lost the energy to get angry and lowered his head.
“Pooh! Pooh!”
The Wizard went to the losers in the 2,000th one by one and teased them by sticking out their tongues.
“I won. I am stronger, Long.”
Sirone said.
“It looks like he’s being mean to a female student.”
“yes. I tend to follow my older brothers more closely. No malice. It’s just good to beat someone and show off your strength. Of course, from the standpoint of an adult, that would be the behavioral pattern that should be castrated.”
Amy frowned.
“That’s what I mean. It’s a magic school that competes regardless of age. Why are teachers silent? this
How miserable the other students feel when it comes to food… …
“Hmm, hmm.”
Amy realized the moment she heard the official of Stang Kingdom clear his throat.
‘Oh, I see.’
Even if Amy were the king, there would be no sanctions against the Wizard.
Even if all the students here dropped out, it would be much more profitable to protect one wizard.
‘Sixth place in the Ivory Tower Candidate at just four years old. At the time, Sirone was in 4th place. And three years have passed.’
Lampa said.
“It’s as big as Amy thinks. Regardless of the circumstances of the kingdom, it is a major human history. If Wizards grow at this rate for another 10 years, the world may be able to drive out Heaven’s army and demons and win peace. Of course, it is unknown whether those 10 years will be given to us.”
said the leader.
“It is classified as the nation’s No. 1 asset that can be dealt with even from the timeless 6th to 4th grade, so even the principal is paying attention.”
That’s genius. There are no accredited teachers. More than anything
Sirone nodded.
“Maybe it is natural. Without this, you will not be able to deal with Satan.”
In other words, it meant that the Ivory Tower would have to pay a heavy price to take her away.
‘I can see why the king is acting stiff.’
When Sirone turned his head, the official, who had a soft smile on his face, responded silently.
‘After the tour, the negotiation table is set up in earnest. It probably won’t be solved with money.’
Even if you pressed it with authority, you wouldn’t be able to convince even a seven-year-old child.
Sirone continued.
“I don’t think it would be good to neglect the desire to show off. Right now, I’m just doing it for fun, but it’s going to be foggy when you know that winning brings more.”
Magic skill is a secondary factor. Wizard’s need was always pure.
Lampa said.
“There is some truth in what Oh Dae-seong said. But who can control that tomboy? Usually children notice their parents at that age, but Wizards are different. I have no stomach. The skills are already the best in the kingdom, and the potential is the strongest in mankind. If you touch it carelessly, it can actually hurt you.”
“So don’t be shy… …
The Wizard’s voice could be heard all the way here.
“Teacher, are my brother and sister also wizards? Can I go and say hello? yes? yes? yes?”
Sirone’s eyes as she watched her calmly subsided.
“It must be an overwhelming education.”

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-1012.txt
=============YYYYY=============
Counterattack of Evil⑴
Even if they didn’t know Sirone’s true identity, the ones waiting were the kingdom’s top official and the 10 Magicians.
Either way, as a magic school teacher, he was a person who could not be treated carelessly, but the Wizard was stubborn.
“I’m going to say hello! quickly!” The teacher was bleeding.
“Wizard, they are very busy. Why don’t you play with the teacher? Okay, would you like to draw a picture?”
“no! I’m going! I’m going!” If he was a common child, the teacher probably wouldn’t have stopped him like this.
However, the Wizard had never followed social etiquette in front of anyone.
Even when the king came to visit.
‘I pulled Your Highness’s beard. no, that’s fine He loves Wizards more than anyone else.’
Being a sorceress herself, she knew the influence the Ivory Tower Star had on the kingdom.
“uh?”
At that moment, the teacher’s legs jumped open, and he was led forward by the wizard’s hand.
Sirone’s eyes changed.
‘Gravity collapse.’
A phenomenon that was naturally ignited in a synesthetic thought, not cast knowingly.
‘Potential is the strongest of mankind… …
As Rampa’s words made sense, the Wizard arrived as he slipped on the ground.
“Who is your brother?”
Her rich blond hair was braided left and right, and the faint freckles on the bridge of her nose were cute.
‘It’s more serious than expected.’
I don’t want to use the term madness, but her eyes were different from those of other children.
‘I’m already realizing my strength. Even though I know it’s hated, I find pleasure in people being embarrassed because they can’t.’
A child who can beat an adult.
‘When this simple interest is combined with pleasure and amplified to the point of infinity… …
Will it become a Havitz?
Thoughts were serious and extreme, but Sirone was greeted with a smile.
“hi? My brother is the inspector of the kingdom.”
“What is an inspector?”
“He’s the kind of person who sees if the students are doing well and if things aren’t going well. Of course you too.”
“Hmm.”
When the wizard seemed to be losing interest, Sirone personally asked a question.
“How about your school life? Is magic fun?”
“yes! it’s fun!”
It was a quick emotional change as simple as it was.
“Wizard beats brother and sister! The teacher wins, and all the guys here win!”
As she passed Lampa and pointed to the Ten Magicians one by one, the teacher’s face turned red.
“sorry! I’m still young… …
It’s a comfortable excuse, but the Wizard didn’t stop there and pointed at Sirone.
“And my brother, I win too.”
While the faces of the 10 Magicians were stiff, Sirone tilted her head dubiously.
“Your brother is also a wizard, right? Kingdom Inspector Sorcerer.”
Lampa’s eyes narrowed.
‘When Oh Dae-seong hides his energy, I can’t grade him even with my keen eye. What a terrifying talent.’
Sirone readily admitted.
“Yes, my brother is a wizard too. Like Wizards, I studied magic diligently from a young age.”
Wizard pretended to laugh exaggeratedly.
“Your brother is very weak.”
Believing your feelings as they are is probably proof that you are still pure compared to your abilities… … .
“Wizards are strong. As strong as this.”
I could feel the beast nature in the way the two arms drew a circle large enough to be short.
Thinking that it wouldn’t be easy to deal with, Sirone insinuated.
“Yeah, Wizards are really good. But there are many people in the world who do it better.”
The life in the Wizard’s eyes disappeared, as if his soul had escaped and only a shell remained.
“I win. I am strong.”
“okay? Well, then what do you think if the Wizard loses? Do you feel angry or sad?”
That moment.
“Because I win! I will win them all!”
Anger, unknown where it was hiding, exploded through the child’s throat.
“Go away 7}! I hate you! Pooh! Pooh Woo!”
Showing the greatest hostility she could, she suddenly picked up a handful of dirt and sprinkled it on Sirone.
“Wizard!”
Unlike the pale, tired teachers, Sirone continued talking without even moving.
“okay. Then, since the wizard says they can win, can you show her brother?”
“Ok, fine! play! game!”
The Wizard, accustomed to testing since birth, turned to the 2,000th.
“No, no games. With real magic.” The teachers’ eyes widened, and even the official, who had been listening intently, turned his head.
“Hey, no matter what, the actual battle… …
“are you okay. It’s a capable enough skill. How are you, Wizard? Can you still win?”
“good. ‘Cause I’m going to win Let’s do that.”
Sirone nodded, and Bartok, the leader of the 10 Magicians, stepped forward.
“Then I will deal with you.”
When the teachers heard that, they couldn’t believe their ears.
“yes?”
Recalling what the stars of the ivory tower are like, they rushed and shouted.
“It’s not possible! You are still a child! Rather let us do it!”
The dedicated teacher begged Sirone.
“Inspector! I will take responsibility for the Wizard’s rudeness. Please dry it.”
Sirone’s thoughts… … .
‘Mr. Bartok is testing the wizard.’
It seems to be a good match, it is.
‘Teachers are terrified. It means that you don’t know the true face even if you teach me.’
Sirone opened his mouth.
“I don’t want you to look at me as young
yo. this.”
“That, like that… …
The teachers’ gaze turned disgusting, but Bartok understood the true meaning of the words.
‘Is that about it?’
Of course, I expected it, but when I heard it through Sirone’s mouth, it felt like I was on fire for the first time in a long time.
Lampa moderated the mood.
“Then I will referee. The battle time is 3 minutes. However, if a dangerous situation arises, I will take the initiative.”
It was only after hearing the words of the 3-star ivory tower residents that the teachers got out of their panic.
“If you can hold on for 3 minutes, 3 minutes… … Amy, on the other hand, frowned.
‘Three minutes at the level of the stars is the time to do everything. In the end, Mr. Lampa also took care of Sirone’s convenience.’
Arriving at the center of the training ground, Bartok looked at the Wizard with a cold gaze.
‘It’s synesthesia thinking.’
A creative idea that humans hold sacred is nothing more than basic logic to this wizard.
‘If I could create all the solutions… …
At the same time as Bartok’s eyes widened, fire rose from the ground.
‘There is no right answer at all!’
The ever-growing pillar of fire twisted in the air and rushed toward the Wizard.
‘Put it down with power!’
The teachers screamed in fright as the training ground was set ablaze with huge flames.
The dedicated teacher yelled at Lampa.
“The promise is different! Where is the law against a child like this! You guys are going to sue!”
nobody cared about her
Sirone, Amy, and Rampa were just chasing the two shadows moving in the flames.
“There is, there is a solution.”
Sirone replied to Lampa’s words.
“I must say I found it. It happened outside Mr. Bartok’s accident limits.”
At the point where the blow of conversion ended in vain, the match between the two was close.
‘It’s absurd.’
Tension rises to the top of my head when I block magic from all directions… … .
“Bread! Bread, Bread!”
Sometimes, when the face of an enemy came into view, I couldn’t tell if it was real or an illusion.
I could understand the feelings of the students, but emotions could not be a variable for the star of the ivory tower.
“I’ll show you the grown-up way.”
As he reached out of the robe, the beads embedded in the back of the glove’s hand spread a radiance.
“The spirit essence.”
The Magic Ten Members’ Association possessed as many as 10 of the 17 that existed in the world.
“The birth of the earth.”
Kurrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr!
The ground shook, and the ground rose from all sides and rushed like waves toward the Wizard.
Lampa’s expression hardened for the first time.
‘ Dangerous!’
The form in which all the possibilities of the land series were aggressively integrated resembled a disaster.
“uh? uh?”
The land that formed the shape of a dome while confining the Wizard quickly shrank like a deflated balloon.
“this… …
Just as Rampa was about to act, thousands of tiny bubbles sprang from the surface of the dome.
“huh?”
And the next moment, the ground shattered with a tremendous roar.
“Yaaaa!”
Convection currents were rotating around the Wizard who appeared.
Sirone said.
“Technology isn’t everything. Attributes, power, and even the laws of Mother Nature… …
What can be made with creative thinking.
“I will win!”
As her aspirations manifested into synesthesia, dozens of hybrid magics that defied common sense flooded in.
‘shit! What is that?’
Numerous elements, such as heat, gravity, fluid, elasticity, electromagnetic force, hardness, and frictional force, were being used in a form we had never seen before.
‘Wonderful.’
The pleasure of destroying the limits of thought was 10,000 times stronger than the worry about death.
At the same time as the flash took him away, hybrid magic exploded on the ground.
Whoops!
Dust rises, and Bartok, held by Lampa, lands next to the party.
“Wizard?”
Coming out of the smoke, she ran to Bartok and shook her hips.
“Hurray! I won! I won Geelong!”
Teachers tried to dissuade her, but this time she didn’t stop, perhaps because she was too angry.
“fool. fool. Pooh!”
“Wizard, stop now. It’s worse than usual.”
Bartok stood up.
“No, I lost.”
It is a fact that everyone in this place knows, but when the words came out of the mouth of the person concerned, the shock was enormous.
“I’m sorry, Mr. Lampa. Teaching wizards is definitely beyond my competence.
Seems to.”
“There is no need for that. Because I was surprised too. Anyway, things got embarrassing.”
Looking away, I saw the officer’s shoulders tremble as he turned toward the tree.
‘This is great.’
The adrenaline was choking me.
‘The seven-year-old has won the stars. It was not a dream for Stang Kingdom to go to the temple. It’s an ivory tower, and I absolutely must have it. Anyway, my parents are stupid farmers, I’d rather give them money and adopt them… … Clearly seeing what he was thinking, Lampa sighed and turned his head back.
‘I should have brought you three years ago.’
At the time, the ivory tower internal government, which was teeming with principleists, also had a long meeting.
Of course, their decision was right again in that Sirone, who finally became a star, was the 4th superhuman, but… … .
‘You have to be flexible, people. If you pick 2 people, where will you add? If you’re obsessed with Kar… …
I couldn’t help but feel sad.
“I can’t.”
After comforting Rampa by patting his back, you approached the wizard.
“You are really good at magic, Wizard.”
“huh! You are much better than my brother.”
The Wizard, who still had leftovers, raised his chin, which did not even reach Sirone’s waist.
“Wow, really? Then, why don’t you play against your brother one last time this time?”
The moment the stars of the ivory tower turned their heads at the same time, the dedicated teacher argued and listened.
“Do it in moderation! Is this something to be so persistent about because a child sprinkled some dirt? The previous match proved your skills.”
“Of course it is. sorry. But there are circumstances. It’s not good for the wizard at this rate.”
“What is that… …
Rampa stopped talking.
“If Sirone-nim wants to do it, I can’t stop it. But I don’t think I can referee.”
“are you okay. I can control it.”
The teacher frowned.
“What are you talking about? The star of the ivory tower couldn’t win, but how did the city inspector… … huh? Sirone?” Even if you don’t know the face, everyone in the wizarding society knows the name.
“what! Sirone!”
Amidst the murmur, Rampa spoke.
“I’m sorry I didn’t tell you beforehand, but can you leave the Wizard to us one more time? There won’t be anything dangerous. It has already been approved by the royal government.”
The official who received the attention of the teacher in charge nodded with one eye squinted.
‘Really? Is this really Sirone?’
Infinite wizards, five great castles of the ivory tower, Yahweh of the times, and numerous nicknames passed by.
“uh? strong.”
Turning his head at the voice, Wizard was staring at Sirone curiously.
“Brother, you suddenly became stronger.”

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-1013.txt
=============YYYYY=============
Evil Strikes Back (2)
Emperor Aganos.
Gando, the emperor of Kashan, did not forget to greet Wu Lin every morning.
“Mother, I will go in.”
When I opened the door, Uorin was lying on a large bed that could be rolled over ten times.
It’s not that I fell asleep.
‘Are you still doing it?’ It seemed that he had spent the dawn in <Under Coder> without fail.
She had been obsessed with virtual reality before, but after stepping down from the position of empress, it became more severe.
“mother.”
«O” ……Huh.
Slowly opening her eyelids, she gazed at the pattern on the ceiling in a daze, then straightened her upper body.
“Aw, that’s the head. What time is it now? Can you tell Kido to bring me some honey water?”
“It is morning. Are you really okay? Where the hell do you log in every morning?”
If it was just to the extent of experiencing Under Coder, it wouldn’t have caused a headache when he woke up.
“Yeah, it’s fun. just a little… … It’s called ‘deep’. Do you want me to call you some keys too? My head spins around.”
Gando couldn’t stand it any longer.
“You have to look at yourself. The temple will be reorganized sooner or later. Kashan is not as strong as before.”
The Demon Beast, Argantis, was lethal.
“Anyway, the situation is similar in other countries. The kingdom I built is not so easy.”
“It’s okay to doubt your mother’s abilities.
nip The problem is that the army of heaven is silent. Some say that there is a country that has joined hands with them. If you stay like this… …
“Oh, noisy. My head hurts, but I’m going to die. When he became emperor, he became very arrogant.”
Gando had a tantrum.
“The emperor is a mother! Theraje is Kashan! There is a limit to what I lead.”
‘Anyway, I’m good at grasping the subject.’ Why Gando’s neck is still attached
was
“okay. I’ll find a way, so go and see the work. But you haven’t even met a girl?”
“What are you going to do with the temple?”
“Ah, some!”
Uorin shouted and sighed in front of Gando’s honest eyes.
“I am not just playing. He goes into <Under Coder> every day and collects information.”
Gando did not even snort.
“It’s a place full of social misfits. What kind of information are you collecting there?”
Wu Lin laughed.
“I don’t know of a boring person like you. But Gando, the world you know is not all.”
“It could be, but would you please start with the real problem? Yahweh is appearing all over the world and performing miracles. Most countries have benefited, but Kashan is an exception.”
“Sirone… …
Woorin’s eyes softened.
“Excluding Tormia, the country that supported Sirone the most was the Kashan Empire. But I am completely ignoring it. We have to respond in some way.”
“Sirone is not coming.”
“Why?”
“Because he won’t want to see me.”
If Sirone had figured out the Adam and Eve incident, it would have been natural for her to stay away from Urin.
“It is a very old story. But we will meet eventually. There are more important matters now.”
Sitting at the dressing table, she said as she brushed her hair.
“Open the inner door. I told them to refrain from patrolling even the guards if possible. Conserving power is the top priority.”
Gando frowned.
“I don’t understand the instructions. Why do you open the inner door when you are protecting power?”
“It is frustrating.”
Wu Lin, with her white hair neatly combed, looked at Gando in the mirror and said,
“The fact that Yahweh does not exist in Kashan… …
Through the chain action of the law.
“It means Satan is coming.”
After listening to the wizard, the teacher looked at Sirone’s condition and realized it belatedly.
‘surely… … It feels different.’
Things that have threatened human life since ancient times, such as blades, fire, beasts of prey, and lakes covered with thin ice.
I don’t know the exact reason, but my heart beat fast as if I had something like that in front of me.
“great.”
As Wizard walked to the training ground, the distorted ground instantly became flat.
“Hmm.”
Lampa let out a quiet voice.
‘He grew up again. In just 3 minutes of battle, will the criminal make a leap forward with his life?’
Sirone was relieved as she walked the path the Wizard had paved.
‘thank god.’
because he’s a strong kid
The enemy the wizard had to deal with from now on was Habits, an atrocity that no one in the world had touched.
‘Skills are overflowing. But if you can’t control your heart, Satan will only eat you.’
It was a time when decisive and overwhelming education was needed.
“It begins.”
The golden haze that enveloped Sirone’s body ascended to a height of 20 meters.
“wow.”
Contrary to everyone’s admiration, Wizard shrugged and stepped back.
“uh? Wizard… …
In this unprecedented situation, students and teachers who knew her put on dazed faces.
“He’s a girl who hates losing more than dying… …
Only Amy and Lampa knew that the Wizard’s judgment was excellent.
Bartok asked.
“What kind of skill is Oh Dae-sung’s skill that he has now developed?”
It was natural for him to be curious as the Wizard, who had easily subdued him, was now on guard.
“Quantum Superposition.”
Lampa said.
“If the heart changes the law, the present heart of Yahweh exists only as a probability. It seems like you are just standing there, but all the possible actions are superimposed on it.”
“… … Is it possible for a person?”
“Isn’t it right in front of you? Anyway, the Five Great Saints are sincere. It’s a Geji with the intention to kill the spirit from the beginning.”
Bartok turned his gaze to the Wizard.
“Do you know, what is that ability?”
“got it. Even if you can’t understand it, you will intuitively feel it. Because that is super logic.”
“I am not moving. Can I interpret that to mean that I haven’t found the answer?”
“Such an interpretation is also the limit of common sense. Wizard’s creativity transcends the logic of reality. Wouldn’t she be similar to Drimo if she put her thinking into shape?”
Bartok swallowed.
“That’s why I’m really curious. Rampa’s eyes narrowed in the mind of that genius who had encountered the ultimate of Yahweh.
“What the hell could be coming up with?”
After hearing the explanation, all the wizards paid attention to the wizard with a sense of goosebumps.
At that moment, the Wizard opened his mouth.
“wow.”
Images that I had never thought of in my 7 years of living were filling my head.
“What is that, brother?”
It was also unusual that a wizard who felt before understanding asked a question.
“Hexa.”
Sirone held out his hand, and an adult-sized Hand of God came out and aimed at her.
“It’s a skill that deals with the mind. Kind to good people, but punishes bad people. So maybe… … It might hurt you.”
“Why should I be punished?”
“You know.”
The life in the Wizard’s eyes disappeared again.
“does not matter. Because I will win.” As soon as the words were finished, the wizard stepped back a great distance and cast his magic.
‘Excellent judgment. but… … Even an extraordinary idea could not destroy all of Sirone’s potential.
“aha! now I get it!” Even so, he must have realized something, and the Wizard’s magic became more bizarre.
Sirone’s smile trembled.
“It’s dangerous.”
As the Hand of God rushed at great speed, the wizard’s eyes flashed.
“what? Is it okay?”
Seeing her evading and counterattacking at the same time, Sirone realized the core of her accident.
‘ I see.’
If human logic is a complicated labyrinth, the Wizard’s logic is an infinite empty space without walls.
“Lalala. Lalala.” In that space of thought, the seven-year-old wizard roams freely while humming his song.
‘Block from infinity.’
When the Hand of God mobilized, a huge barrier slammed into the Wizard’s clearing.
“It’s a surprise!”
She looked at the barrier for a moment.
Even Iruki, the pinnacle of Servants, can only think of a labyrinth… … .
“are you okay. I can go back.”
She can roam in all directions.
“It should be planted here.”
When she stops at a place she likes and sows a seed in the ground, it sprouts in an instant.
“Grow up. grow up.”
The specific form of that sprout suggests new possibilities and grows into a huge world tree.
Kurrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr
“Hurray! knocked it down.”
At the point where the World Tree breaks down the barrier, the real Sirone faces a crisis for the first time.
‘It’s a really great talent.’
While avoiding the Hand of God’s pursuit, her magic was evolving in real time.
“Sirone, isn’t Oh Dae-seong being pushed back?”
At Bartok’s words, not only the teachers but also the members of the 10 Demon Council were agitated.
Although there are no barriers to reason in real confrontation. I could feel the good or bad with the momentum alone.
“Oh Dae-seong is a defensive mage.”
Lampa said.
“I can’t say that Karate has an advantage, but the fighting style is different. The attacker focuses on the target, but the defender has to read the whole situation.” Amy gently raised the corner of her mouth.
“It’s so huge that it’s a mask.”
The Wizard, who opened his arms toward the ever-growing World Tree, hopped.
“I knocked them all down!”
The trees she planted destroyed all the barriers Sirone had erected.
“I won! Stupid brother!”
thud! thud! thud! thud!
The foolishly simple attack made the Wizard endlessly retreat.
“No matter how many walls you put up, this is… … huh?”
How far from where she had been, something touched her back. When she turned around, a black barrier stood there.
“Why is this here? It’s not even a place for a confrontation… …
While rummaging through the seeds insignificantly, she suddenly realized and turned her head away.
The black barrier built by Sirone was standing endlessly beyond the horizon.
The Wizard’s expression hardened for the first time.
“Why are you here… …
It turned the far radius into a barrier that her vision could not reach.
Although still a vast space.
“It is not infinite.”
Rampa couldn’t hold back his burst of laughter.
“While the wizard was focusing on the target, Oh Dae-seong was looking where her thoughts fell short. And from there, the paving stones are laid out, and the radius is gradually narrowed.”
Bartok murmured.
“If creativity, which could be developed endlessly, is confined to the barrier, from now on it is the realm of logic.”
“okay. That’s it.”
thud! thud! thud! thud!
The Wizard’s face turned pale as he stared at the barriers closing the space from all sides.
“joy! Ah, there are still many places to escape!”
But still, Sirone was cold and only drove her into a perfect situation.
thud! thud! thud! coup
“why? why?”
A sense of insecurity came over me as a road was formed and a situation in which I had to turn inevitably arose.
“I don’t know where this is!”
Even after wandering through countless crossroads, there was only a black barrier in sight, not an exit.
At the crossroads at the end of the deep passage
Wizard instinctively turned to the right.
“… … It’s blocked.”
She put both hands on the barrier and looked up, then ran again in the opposite direction.
How naive her heart is to think that the only way left is the bow.
“Huh?????
But all that awaited her was a black barrier emitting cold air.
Cuckoo Cuckoo!
The ground shook, and when I turned around, the Hand of God was approaching with great power.
Lampa muttered with cold eyes.
“Checkmate.”
Sirone’s eyes flashed with life as she rushed towards the Wizard of Movement Zero.
“no. I hate losing.”
The Hand of God expanded to a gigantic size in the wizard’s teary-eyed eyes.
“well… …
Her eyes were tightly closed.
“sorry.”
Qurrrrrrrrrrung!
The barrier of reason collapsed, and the people who were watching the confrontation opened their mouths in a daze.
“okay.”
friendly voice.
Wizard felt a hand stroking his hair and opened his eyes to see Sirone’s face.
“You are a good boy.”
Wena Wizard, 7 years old.
For the first time in my life, I met an adult.

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-1014.txt
=============YYYYY=============
Evil Strikes Back (3)
Emperor Aganos.
The goblin’s attire was starkly different from the scenery of the hallway decorated with gold and silver treasures.
The name of the monster wearing a rag-like cape and carrying a crude spear on its back is Kido.
They were almost the only guardsmen who could deliver food directly to Urin’s room.
“Stop.”
A black gust of wind blew, and Pungjang, wearing a white mask like an owl, blocked the road.
“what? You were surprised.”
The person at the head of the squadron asked in a shady voice.
“… … Where are you going?”
“Can’t you see this? She told me to get some honey water.”
Poongjang, who was staring at the golden tray Kido lifted, revealed a murderous intent.
“Don’t be arrogant about the Queen’s favourite. Even so, you are just a pet.”
Like most of his aides, even for Poongjang, the only owner of Kashan was Theraje.
Masters of swords who implement fluid mechanics with their bodies and keep Terra Ze the closest.
However, after Kido entered the imperial castle, that pride was shattered.
‘Something like a goblin.’
According to what he observed from a distance, Uorin also did not hold Kido in high regard.
He behaved like a servant or got angry, and sometimes went for a walk with a leash on.
“If I am a pet, are you all livestock? Move. If you’re late, that woman will F*ck again.”
When Fengzhang activated ‘Gaksi’, a group death, thousands of blades seemed to pierce his skin.
“Cover your words and do it. If you insult the empress again, I will report it myself. That stinking goblin has gone to a place of no return.” The biggest reason he despises Kido is that he has feelings for Uorin.
‘Does the dog run over the owner?’ If it hadn’t been for the special ability called ‘the taste of memory’ from the beginning, Uorin wouldn’t have kept it by her side.
“Move.”
Kido had no intention of fighting.
“A good idea came to my mind.”
As the leader of the squadron pulled out his sword, the remaining nine people made the same motion as afterimages.
“I’ll give you a neuter operation. Then the queen will be able to play with you much more safely.”
Pungjang was sincere.
Kido’s eyes grew cold, but his hands were still holding the tray.
The moment when the subtle vibration that appears before the body moves heightens tension.
“Stop it.”
A woman’s voice was heard.
“Yula.”
Fengzhang drew his sword and lowered his head, and Kido slowly turned back.
‘Suddenly Fumi… …
The leader of Poongjang, Yula.
He wears the same owl mask, but the atmosphere is different from other Fungjang.
“Fengzhang only follows the Queen’s instructions. Remember, your arrogance can bring down an entire organization.”
“sorry.”
Yula’s chest swelled greatly and then sank.
‘This is why newcomers are a problem. No matter how much I teach you in words, you don’t know until you experience it.’
His skills are excellent enough to become a squadron commander, but if he is a wind commander, he must remember this.
‘Terase.’
The cruel madness contained in that name.
‘He’s the kind of person who can annihilate the entire Fengzhang just because he’s annoying.’
Yula lowered her head.
“sorry. Please disregard the rudeness of subordinates. The Empress is waiting for you, so go quickly.” When Kido turned around, the hallway was empty.
Yula wouldn’t be there anyway, so I walked without bothering to check behind me.
“… … It is not easy.”
I knocked on Urin’s door, but there was no response.
“Go in.”
While holding the tray with both hands, Kido raised his right foot and turned the doorknob.
“What, you were there?”
Uorin, who had finished dressing up, was looking outside from a table by the window.
“Kid too.”
Her appearance, smiling and turning her head, shone brighter than the halo by the window.
‘It’s really pretty.’
Goblins have different aesthetic standards than humans, but in his eyes, Uorin was perfect.
‘It could be because I ate a lot of people. It’s because people’s memories have permeated it.’
I try to think back, but I know the truth.
‘I love this woman.’
Laughing together, going for a walk, talking about the book you read yesterday, rearing like a beast
Any desire to get tangled up.
If someone finds that natural desire disgusting, there is only one reason.
It must be because Kido is a goblin.
“drink. Are you feeling unwell?”
Uorin smiled as she looked at the drop-shaped teacup placed on the tray.
“yap.”
When I hit the bottom of the tray with my hand, the teacup fell over and all the honey dripped out.
Pointing at Kido’s suppressed anger, Uorin laughed while holding his belly button.
“Ha ha ha ha ha! Look at your expression.”
“What are you doing?”
“huh? You hit a tray and spilled the honey water? Oh right. Could you bring me some honey? I feel bad.”
Kido threw the tray away and shouted.
“This is what a real goblin looks like! Am I that funny! Why are you kidding me when you look at me!”
“Because it is disgusting.”
When Kido’s shocked face turned pale, Uorin grinned.
“Just kidding, kidding! How much I like you.”
“??????it’s okay.”
Kido turned around.
“If you need a pet, find someone else. ’cause I’m quitting I will leave Kashan.”
“Why are you so sensitive today? what happened?”
Is it because he met the windmill?
‘No, this is my problem.’
The more he stayed by her side, the more he could not bear to see himself becoming more miserable.
“uh? are you really going Kido, Kido!”
Before Uorin could finish speaking, Kido opened the door and exited into the hallway.
When the slamming sound disappeared, there was no presence in the room like the first time.
“Hmph, that was about it after all.”
I don’t know if I can really leave Kashan, but at least I needed time to think.
Around the time Kido left the imperial castle.
Sitting in front of the table and looking out the window, Uorin’s eyes were cold.
“Be careful, Kido.”
Bleeding corpses appear one after another in the dry landscape.
was
Arriving at Kashan’s capital, Havits’ face was covered in blood and looked like a demon.
“Exciting.”
He entered the construction site to restore the damage caused by the demon, but no one recognized him.
“More, more frightened.”
Every time he heard the sound of Uorin’s heart, his eyelids fluttered.
“Hey, bricks from the material warehouse… … As Havitz swung his arm, the neck of a worker passing by snapped and snapped.
“now! Let’s start quickly!” People were still busy, and Havitz, who was alone, started to dance with swords.
“die.”
One life per knife.
“die.”
Even in the middle of the tedious work, the city was moving fast.
Teachers who had expected a terrible collision looked stunned the moment they opened their eyes.
“oh my god… …
Wizard was crying.
“sorry. I won’t do that again.” Once the water was opened, the wizard’s sensitivity poured out like a waterfall.
“okay. Only the courageous can admit their mistakes. It’s a difficult thing even for adults to do.”
The Wizard, who had stopped crying, sobbed.
“Winning and hurting are two different things. You can’t do that in the future.”
“yes.”
Looking at the nodding Wizard, Sirone suddenly thought of this.
‘A genius of the age, a magician stronger than adults, drunk with all sorts of rhetoric… …
In fact, children are anxious about everything.
‘My own feelings, the feelings of others, even the unknown insects wandering under my feet… …
everything is scary
‘No one has ever taught this child the world. Thanks to that, the purity was maintained… …
so it’s hard
‘Am I really going to send this child to Satan? Can I tell him to kill Havitz?’
With her complicated feelings captured, Sirone took Wizard’s hand and left the training ground.
In the meantime, the Wizard, who was lost in his thoughts, looked up at the teachers and said.
“Teacher, I was wrong. sorry.” The dedicated teacher made a tearful expression and gently stroked her cheek.
“no. Wizard did a really good job. It’s a long time. I am so proud of you.”
Rampa, who was warmly watching the scene, turned his head and brought up the main topic.
“Now… … Shall we spread out the negotiating table?”
Although it was not revealed on the outside, a thousand fires were boiling inside the official’s heart.
‘damn! It’s the worst.’
How could anyone have known that a wizard who could not be tamed would become a docile sheep?
“haha! yes. Shall we go back to school then? Wizard’s parents are waiting for you.”
As they entered the school leaving the teachers behind, the principal approached, accompanied by Wizard’s parents.
“welcome. I am Nikolai, a certified 4th class wizard. Meet the stars of the ivory tower
It’s an honor to be there.”
Sirone is a living legend to wizards.
His hand shaking hands trembled.
“nice to meet you. I have heard of the reputation.”
It was through Omega.
“It is overrated. Oh, and these are Wizard’s parents. Say hello.”
A man and a woman in their mid-40s bowed their heads.
“hello. Wizard’s father. If my daughter has offended you, please forgive me… … Seeing the words come out without looking, I could guess the wizard’s usual behavior.
“no. Rather, we are in a position to help. Thank you for raising my daughter well.”
It was a word that represented humanity.
Sirone asked, turning to her mother.
“I want to hear from you. How wizards were born and what happened.”
My mother was embarrassed and answered.
“We are just farmers, so we don’t know. What is it, maybe it’s magic or the Spirit Zone… …
Father corrected.
“Spirit Zone.”
“Oh, yes, that. We just want Wizard to be safe. Ugh, in a world where demons rule… …
mother shed a tear
“okay.”
I couldn’t bear to say that your daughter would fight the devil’s captain.
“mom! dad!”
At that time, Wizard, who arrived after washing himself, ran to the front door waving his hand.
“Wizard!”
It was a seven-year-old child who would never fall into the arms of her parents, so her heart became even more heavy.
‘Even if all the conditions are met, it’s useless if the wizard doesn’t do it.’
The Wizard pointed at Sirone and said.
“You know this oppa, is he really strong? He is a much, much stronger person than I am.”
“huh?”
The parents were dumbfounded because the Wizard had never acknowledged anyone before.
“I like this brother. I want to keep playing with my brother. can you do that? huh? huh?”
The parents looked at Sirone again.
“This is the first time my daughter has done this. She is presumptuous, but can I ask her name?”
Thinking that something has come, Sirone replied.
“My name is Sirone.”
“ah??????
I had never heard of the ivory tower, but the name Sirone was famous even among farmers.
A practitioner of love who kills countless demons and fights for the peace of mankind.
“thank you. Thanks to Sirone-sama, we were able to escape safely.”
“no. I don’t deserve to hear that. And more so in the future.”
Leaving aside her parents who didn’t understand, Sirone aligned herself with the Wizard.
“Wizard, are you still enjoying magic?”
“Yeah, it’s fun. It’s more fun playing with my brother. I will continue to do magic. Woo woo woo woo!”
The Wizard, who stuck out his lips like a crucian carp, aimed his index finger and made a long, sideways cut.
“I could die.”
Sirone’s words widened the parents’ eyes.
“You might get hurt somewhere, or it might hurt a lot. still… … Do you want to continue magic?”
“Hey, over there! What does that mean now?”
As the parents tried to intervene, Rampa put his index finger to his lips and shook his head.
The Wizard repeated Sirone’s words.
“I could die… …
After thinking for a long time, she suddenly raised her head as if she had realized something.
Then he looked up at Sirone and replied with the brightest smile a seven-year-old could make.
“huh! I want to!”

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-1015.txt
=============YYYYY=============
Evil Strikes Back (4)
Wizard’s parents were dumbfounded.
“What is he talking about now? It’s not like you’re saying that you’re going to die.”
Father apologized.
“sorry. I’m still a child, so I don’t know the world. You don’t even know what it means to die.”
“I know. It’s really scary.”
If he was a super-logical wizard, he would have already felt all the consequences that could happen to him.
“Yes, very scary.” Sirone said.
“Death may not be the end. You could break your arm, or you could do something bad. Cut yourself with a knife… …
“stop! Please stop it!”
Mother was in tears.
“Why are you saying such bad things! I’m still seven years old! The world wants you to save it!”
“I will.”
Sirone replied coldly.
“I don’t want to send the Wizard. That makes it even more frightening. How is it, isn’t it scary?”
“yes I’m fine.”
Wizard didn’t worry.
“You can get hurt, you can get sick. I will do it anyway I want to continue.”
‘This child, I really know.’
I’ve never experienced it before, but I understood it with my head through insight O…
“You are a wizard.”
Wizard smiled bashfully as if he had been praised, and looked back at his parents and drove a wedge.
“I’m sorry, Mom. I want to follow my brother. Please let me go, okay?”
The sudden change in her daughter’s appearance shocked her mother.
“Up, Wizard.”
He was a child who behaved immaturely until just until the morning and made teachers suffer.
Lampa’s eyes narrowed.
‘It’s something I’ve been waiting for. No, it may not have come to mind, but deep down… …
Could it be that he was afraid?
‘No one has been able to provide an answer. Loneliness, insecurity, fear. Those negative emotions must have been revealed in the way of expressing superiority.’
But the wizards of today are different.
‘All senses are fiercely sucking Sirone. What this is, and what must be done to become like this.’
was one of the answers.
While the parents, realizing the Wizard’s determination, were at a loss for words, an official intervened.
“Hmmmm, let’s go in first. Now that we have heard the Wizard’s determination, the detailed procedures… …
“There is no need for that.”
Sirone spoke without even looking away.
“I’ll give you whatever amount Stang wants. If you have any other conditions, tell Mr. Lampa.”
cried the father.
“My daughter is not a thing! Even if the Wizard wants it, we are still against it!”
“yes. I also think it’s impossible. It’s just a confirmation of my determination, there is no change in my thoughts.”
Sirone got down on one knee in front of the Wizard.
“Listen, Wizard. Your opponent is one of the strongest humans in the world. No, maybe you can’t even call them human.”
Wizard’s eyes sparkled.
“That’s why oppa can’t let you go right now. I’ll stay here for a while and test you. In a very harsh, painful way. If you pass, you will follow me and become a wizard, but if you do not pass… …
Sirone made eye contact with her parents and continued.
“You are not yet out in the world. I’m waiting for my brother to call me again. Can you promise me?”
He knew the Wizard’s determination, but his opponent was Harbitz, a man called the villain of the era.
‘As long as Satan remains, mankind has no future. If it’s going to be broken anyway, I’d rather do it with my own hands… …
It was the only consideration that could be given to the Wizard.
“okay. I will.”
It took longer than usual, but when the answer finally came, Sirone nodded and turned to the official.
“Nothing has been decided. For the time being, we will stay at the magic school and teach wizards. Of course, it doesn’t matter if you want to take classes with other students.”
It was a decision to obtain the consent of the kingdom of Stang, and as expected, the official swallowed his saliva.
‘The stars of the ivory tower are at school… …
It was unfortunate that he couldn’t win the contract right away, but the king would have been satisfied with this.
“First, I will report to Your Highness. Whether or not he would agree would be announced at a later date. Sirone didn’t even care and bowed her head to Wizard’s parents.
“Please leave the Wizard to me. You are welcome to observe during class. If you refuse even then, I won’t be greedy anymore.”
The couple looked at each other.
Sirone’s intentions are still unknown, but they have only one choice.
Kido was walking around the downtown area where restoration work was underway.
“What am I doing, I am.”
He accidentally entered human society, but there was no place for him even here.
‘She’s a really bad girl.’
My teeth tremble when I think of the humiliation suffered by Uorin, but when I was about to leave, I couldn’t help but regret it.
‘There were times when it was fun. Should I just pretend I can’t win? I think I’ll regret it.’
– Because it’s disgusting.
At that moment, the words Wu-rin had uttered hit him like a dagger, and a fiery impulse arose.
“Oh, I don’t know! it’s annoying!”
Sat down on the edge of the stone road, he looked at the construction board ahead.
Harvits was beheading the worker.
“Hmm??????
Kido rubbed his chin.
‘Maybe I had a big dream.’
Headless corpses convulsed and spurted blood fountains whenever Harvitz performed the sword dance.
“It’s not because I’m a goblin, Wu Orin is a queen. It is an existence that even normal humans cannot overlook.”
When I thought so, my heart felt lighter.
“You don’t have to be self-confident. Anyway, from Urin’s point of view, humans and me are insignificant. At least I’m on the strong side… …
Coming out of the construction site, Havitz indiscriminately slaughtered citizens passing by.
“Of course, that doesn’t change anything. After all, she thinks of me as an animal.”
The citizen’s severed arm fell in front of Kido’s eyes as he let out a deep sigh.
“Okay, let’s get some fresh air. The smart me should be patient. Why isn’t Sirone coming?”
Clearing his head, Kido stared blankly at his severed arm, which was leaking blood.
It was then.
“… … weird.”
Unknowingly, that word came out.
‘huh? Strange? No, looking at it that way is really weird. But what’s strange about it?’
When I looked up, Havitz was approaching.
“Long time no see, Goblin.”
His voice came vividly to my ears, but not to my brain.
“Let’s have fun. happily.”
At the same time as Harbitz raised his sword, Kido bit the flesh on his right hand.
Kang! and the blade strikes the ground.
“omg! omg!”
Kido, who hurriedly threw himself away, exhaled heavily and searched for his memories.
‘what… … This?’
Harvits is still unrecognized.
However, in the memory contained in the taste of the incident, a landscape different from reality was clearly unfolding.
“Hoo?”
Harbitz, who had lowered his sword so forcefully that the ground split, slowly lifted his upper body.
“He’s also a fun guy.”
The ability to obtain objective information by re-eating one’s own memories.
“Chew! Go!”
Kido sucked blood in succession.
‘It’s getting a little clearer.’
And the moment I finally found a blurry silhouette, I immediately pushed the ground and retreated.
‘It’s Habits.’
It wasn’t perfect, but there was definitely a silhouette of a monster holding a sword.
‘What do we do? will you run away? But I don’t know where you are now. If next to me… …
Think and act at the same time.
‘… … If you are in!’
Pulling out the spear from his back, Kido slashed around and rolled on the floor.
It may be an illusion.
However, unlike humans, goblins with strong survival instincts chose life rather than shame.
‘Didn’t you come? Or did I avoid it?’
Kido stuck out his tongue and savored the taste of the air.
‘… … no. There is little chance of Havitz’s cells floating around, and it’s so light that it’s not even called the taste.’
I would have no choice but to run away.
‘for a moment.’
Kido, who landed after somersaulting backwards, sucked blood from the wound on his right hand again.
‘there is. still there A blurry shadow staring at me in the midst of something terrifying.’
If only I could kill Harvits here.
‘Uorin also me… … If only I could cut off the head of the person who gave the Kashan empress the greatest humiliation of her life.
“Pooh!”
Kido grabbed the spear with both hands.
‘It’s already too late to attack by relying on the taste of memories. Roughly twelve steps if calculated sensibly. It takes between 3 and 4 seconds to come to me.’
The virtual second hand moved.
‘Two seconds. 1 second.’
The strategy of devastating the radius when the opponent is unguarded was certainly excellent, but… … .
“Because I can hear everything.” Havitz had ‘God’s frequency’.
Kido, who invoked the Earth’s law, ‘Jibakryeong’, spun on his back and wandered in all directions.
‘Now!’
Gravity twisted locally, and Havitz’s feet felt muddy as if they had fallen into a swamp.
“Geuk, that’s an interesting technique.”
A dry orgasm rose in his heart, which had only repeated boring murders for the first time in a long time.
‘Hang on! Caught, caught!’
Kido endlessly swung his spear at an unknown enemy who might or might not exist.
‘As long as there is an Earthquake Spirit, you can’t escape far. You can realize it the moment you kill it!’
In Havitz’s eyes, he saw the top made of afterimages of the blade approaching at terrifying speed.
Raising his longsword as if stabbing him, he muttered quietly as he calculated the timing.
“Shiok.”
Unlawful time, 0.666 seconds.
“huh?”
A black shadow rising from the ground surrounded Havitz, but time did not stop.
“what!”
The moment Kido, who watched as he turned, screamed, a powerful shock hit the side.
“Keugh!”
Kido, who held up his spear, slipped on the ground and looked at the point of impact, and a black robe stood there.
“… … It was a good decision.”
6 o’clock of wandering.
You get results assuming you did all the actions necessary to achieve something.
“What are you guys?”
Without answering Kido’s question, the six o’clock of wandering returned to Shiok’s location.
Havitz turned around, examining the people standing at their respective times.
“what?”
The 4 o’clock seat was empty.
“Where did one of them go?”
Siok was a human being, and God’s frequency delivered her without needing to hear an answer.
“Hmm, sironera.”
When the phenomenon of vanishing disappeared, Kido was finally able to identify the bodies that had fallen all over the place.
It was a terrifying and bizarre landscape, but Kido had homework to solve before that.
‘I will protect Uorin.’
The wounds in his heart didn’t disappear, but he still couldn’t give up on her.
“Habits! Listen carefully. One step here… …
“Okay, guide me.”
“??????huh?”
Harvits tapped his head.
“You said you were going to meet me? in the voice of the heart Yes, it was definitely fine for Yeo Hong.”
Kido, who lowered the spear with a dazed expression, suddenly bared his teeth ferociously.
“This woman is really… … !”

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-1016.txt
=============YYYYY=============
Behind-the-scenes work⑴
10 kingdoms of the archipelago.
Among the 10 kingdoms of ‘Cartesia’, Dionas was the easternmost island.
“The earthquake caused by Gamagin occurred on the fourth island, Mitoa Kingdom. Thanks to the other islands acting as breakwaters, Dionas is the least damaged by the tsunami.”
After hearing Sirone’s explanation, the captain asked for a pipe.
“Hmm, is that okay? I know it’s not the time to argue with flood victims, but rumors aren’t good.”
It is tied to ‘Cartesia’, but originally the Kingdom of Dionas was a place of exile for criminals.
Said the water dragon Caios.
“The dynasty was founded 120 years ago by pirates. And it is still a society of such poor quality that the country’s main source of income is maritime plunder.”
“I can’t help it. Until we destroy the Demon Realm, people need a safe place to stay.”
Sirone left the captain’s office.
Looking back from the top of the large ship, a spectacle unfolded with numerous ships lined up.
‘About three hundred feet.’
It was an evacuation ship that Kaios had gathered, and the total number of passengers reached 20,000.
Sirone formed a squadron according to the type and size of the ship and assigned each person a role.
Poine came to the side.
“I’m still cruising, can I say that? Of course, incidents happen every day… …
There were uproars every day, from fights over food to trivial battles over sleeping areas.
“Wouldn’t it be necessary to strengthen law enforcement? Cutting the amount of food you eat a day by half won’t give you complete control over people’s emotions.”
“If the intensity of the pressure increases, you may lose your composure. It’s better to think of a little fuss as grease.”
“That’s right, but… …
Poine looked at the sailboat sailing to the left, bearing the flag of Arachne.
“Wouldn’t it be natural for people to feel deprived after wearing something like that?”
Arachne’s minister was on a boat, and all the workers were armed.
“I can’t help it. Arachne is the representative of Cartesia. If you use your strength there, it will be much easier for the flood victims to settle down in Dionas.”
Of course, the inside story is different.
‘I don’t think I volunteered to lead for just that reason. The purpose is the reorganization of the temple, which will open soon. They must be doing some work behind the scenes before fighting the world powers.’
Politics and human rights are inseparable anyway, so it would be reasonable to watch.
“Leave the flag alone. As long as you don’t claim extraterritoriality
There is no need to cry.”
Poine’s eyes narrowed.
“Huh, there is a Messiah, but no one would do such a stupid thing. However, some squadron commanders raised objections to the refusal to conduct a full inspection of warehouse items. It must be that the food is being siphoned off.”
Probably so, but there must have been a reason for not opening the warehouse.
“The food is plentiful. Make a conditional agreement to conduct a full investigation if there is a shortage of supply.”
“All right.”
As Poine lowered his head and stepped back, Kaios pointed to the bottom of the ship.
“Messiah, there… …
A small speed boat was rapidly approaching from Arachne’s sailboat.
After checking the herald flag, Sirone took the apostle and jumped straight to the first deck.
The knights in armor leaped through the air ignoring the ladder and landed one by one.
“what?”
At that time, the passengers who are not friendly to the Arachne sailboat frown.
“Oops.”
A woman who was the only one who climbed up the ladder caught people’s attention.
“Who is that person?”
She was a beauty, and a celebrity familiar even to non-Arachne people.
“Barho Rangi?”
Miss Arachne.
Sirone, who had been in a world beauty contest before, also stared blankly at her.
“hello. nice to meet you.”
She greeted people with a familiar gaze and crossed the deck under escort.
“Sirone-san!”
A blush appeared on Rangi’s face.
“You were really on a boat? When I only heard rumors, I couldn’t believe it. Oh, what a coincidence.”
“How is Mr. Rangi here?”
There was no reason for Miss Arachne to accompany the refugee aid mission.
“in fact… …
After a moment of hesitation, Rangi stuck out his tongue.
“I applied because I knew I was on this boat. She might not have a chance in the future.”
The last words came with a significant meaning.
Some of the demon tribes who descended south from the capital of Tormia settled down.
They were the 7th Brigade under the 8th Corps.
“Now, this is the spoils of the day.”
Most of what they plundered and brought back was not food or treasure, but people themselves.
The humans who were dragged in one after another, regardless of gender and age, became playthings for the demons and were then consumed.
A gloomy mountain range where even the animals have left due to the terrible screams heard every night.
“… … I’m going to live now.”
Four Gustavs were imprisoned in a special bone prison installed there.
The fatal wound sustained in ‘Flower Garden’ was almost cured, but the problem was psychological shock.
“Havitz… … Havitz is… …
Zetaro muttered with a bewildered expression.
“You betray us. why? why?” He heard the whole story of the incident from Balkan, but he still couldn’t believe it.
Sumodo said.
“Stop it. How many days has it been? And is Harvits your husband? betrayal
what……
He picked up the maggot, bit it down with his front teeth, and swallowed it deliciously before continuing.
“Can’t we each live our lives doing what we want to do anyway? I must have found something more interesting.”
This was the reason Zetaro was annoying.
“I am the best example. Do you know how many people I’ve killed? What could be more fun?”
Sumodo shrugged.
“I don’t know. Have you discovered some new form of torture? Something we can’t imagine.”
It wasn’t entirely wrong.
Balkan, who had been listening to the conversation in the corner of the Bone Prison, looked at the situation outside the prison.
‘The injury is almost recovered. It’s not like there’s no way to escape. but… …
Is there anything left of them?
‘Anyway, I killed a lot and enjoyed it moderately. It seems that Harvits also left because he was bored.’
Footsteps were heard.
“hey! Eat up!”
Since he had been chewing on maggots all day, his intestines moved just by hearing the sound.
“Let’s eat first. What’s on the menu today?”
Demons taller than 3 meters approached, leading Natasha with a chain around her neck.
“Cheuk, okay? How about guessing what?”
The food put through the bars was meat that looked like pig’s feet and had a fishy smell.
Natasha asked.
“How are your wounds?”
“It has improved a lot. you?”
Natasha’s skin in rags showed playful cuts and chain marks.
He seemed to be harassed by demons day and night, but there was no expression of difficulty.
“are you okay. eat. It’s not human meat.”
The demon pulled the chain.
“Hey, hey! Don’t talk nonsense! do you want to die?”
Twelve blades came out of the device Natasha wore around her neck and pierced her skin.
Red blood flowed down his collarbone.
‘Natasha’s neck will fall with just a little force. But if she’s at her speed… …
You should be able to suppress it enough.
In the end, Vulcan, Sumodo, and Zetaro were being held hostage, so they were enduring it.
Sumodo spit out the meat.
“It’s terribly tasteless. I’d rather have maggots. Natasha, do you have any other meat?”
“It’s rotten. I will try to find it.”
The demon waved the chain like a whip.
“haha. Now, since you did what you wanted, follow me. Today’s game will be very fun.”
Feeling the blade penetrate, Natasha raised her head and slowly backed away.
“Natasha, leave.”
Balkan said.
“Just kill them all and leave. can you do that enough? You don’t have to put up with us.”
As the demon’s eyes widened, the bone prison heated up like molten iron.
“you… … Do you really want to die?” With Brigadier Magasura’s ability, Magi
It was a prison that caused an explosion in response.
Sumodo said while chewing on the meat.
“Yes, Natasha. do whatever you want. Why are we even stuck here?”
The demons also looked nervous now.
“shut up. really kill Margasura-sama won’t blame us either.”
It was Paimon, the commander of the 9th Corps, who first instructed Gustav to keep the 4 skills alive.
However, she became a demon and disappeared.
Of course, the order was not invalidated, but the psychological restraint was much weaker.
“Natasha, finish it off.”
Knowing all that, Zetaro agreed with Vulcan and Sumodo.
“I am no longer having fun. There are no hobbits, so what are you doing playing more? Let’s go back.” The demon holding the chain gnashed its teeth.
“These… …
The blade plunged deeper into Natasha’s throat, and a bubble rose in the heated bone prison.
In a situation where one side could be destroyed by a momentary judgment… … .
“are you okay.”
Natasha smiled at her friends.
“I’ll go back at once. I’m taking a good rest here. I’ll get fresher food next time.”
There was no particular reaction.
Zetaro’s eyes were filled with life, and Sumodo’s face, which was chewing on meat, simply lost its expression.
When Natasha returned to the demons, the blade on her neck fell off and the bone prison quickly cooled.
Vulcan asked as she walked away.
“What are you thinking?”
“Same as you. I have no idea. I can just endure it, so I try to live a little longer.”
“to you… … Is there anything you can’t stand?”
Natasha is a doll.
Even if you bite and bite and burn, even if you cut open the belly and take out the cotton, you still laugh.
A doll that is standing.
As Natasha was dragged away by the demons without answering the question, Sumodo threw a bone at her.
“Ah, Mr. It’s terribly tasteless. He’s a weird kid anyway. It seems a little different from us.”
“That’s right.”
Zetaro, who dropped the meat, trembled with shocked eyes.
“I found it. I found something really interesting. Harvits wanted to feel this.”
“What are you talking about?” Zetaro jerked her head.
“Havitz abandoned us, right? what a fun situation Wouldn’t it be absolutely thrilling?”
Sumodo blinked.
“Well, yes. Because I didn’t expect Vulcan either. He sure knows how to play.”
“Let’s flow this time. I’m killing Harvits. Grabbed, dismembered, ridiculed… … Hee hee hee!”
Perhaps just imagining it thrilling, Zetaro knelt down and spread his arms to the left and right.
“At the end, they make eye contact and slowly cut their necks with a scalpel. Then the Harvits… … Havitz is… … His eyelids quivered.
“How much fun would you like?”
The highest sense of ecstasy that human beings can enjoy.
“Imagine. I want to fight back, but I can’t because my limbs are cut off. how funny would that be this is a masterpiece I’m sure I’ll be able to get rid of the tears and runny nose.”
“Hmm.”
As Vulcan finally showed interest, a smile spread on Sumodo’s lips.
“I can’t end it like this. Harvits will tell you again. You will tell me this.”
Zetaro, who lowered his arms, cried.
“also… … Zetaro is the best.”
“Quack, yes. Well, I’m not Havitz, but the play you made is definitely the best. It will be really fun this time.”
Sumodo stood up.
“Then, are you going to play more?”
The three looked around the outside of the bone prison at the same time.
“Havitz, let’s sunset.”

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-1017.txt
=============YYYYY=============
Underwater work⑵
Arachne sailboat.
Cairns enjoyed lamb at a high-end restaurant where the musicians played sweetly.
“Where did Rangi go?”
He was only thirty-four years old, ranking third in the kingdom’s power hierarchy and serving as the Minister of Foreign Affairs.
“I went to a refugee sailboat because I had work for a while. Shall I ask you to come back?”
“It’s a refugee sailboat.”
He stopped chewing the meat and, lost in thought, nodded and continued.
“I went to see a guy named Sirone. Sang-a-tap Odaeseong. What kind of guy are you?”
The wizard in a suit who was guarding Cairns’ side respectfully bowed his head.
“yes. One of the world’s four superhumans, he is the head of the Ivory Tower Integrated Space Management Department. Currently, all over the world… …
Cairns waved his knife.
“Ah, there is no need to recite what is written in the document, how strong is it? Who will win a fight with you?” Even if it was a childish question, the case was different when it reached a certain level or higher.
“He is a strong man. It’s natural since he’s the star of the ivory tower, but he’s someone who has stepped into the realm of infinity, the highest realm of magic.”
“what? Is that enough?”
No matter what wizard’s name was mentioned, it was impossible for his secretary to fold a single step.
“It is not an opponent that can be guaranteed. But if you risk everything to fight… …
The secretary’s name is Benahar.
“I got my edge by a narrow margin.
I will.”
At the pinnacle of the mercenary world, he was a wizard with a track record of defeating many certified first-class archmages.
“Interesting.”
said Cairns, slicing the lamb.
“Even if it’s an ivory tower, make a seat anyway. I’ll try to embrace it.”
“There is no problem bringing them. If you refuse, you can drag it by force. However, most of the stars of the ivory tower do not have much desire for money. I wonder if there will be a negotiation…”
“Tsk tsk tsk.”
Cairns clicked his tongue and shook his head.
“You know what most humans are mistaken about? I believe that there are people who have detached themselves from money, women, and power. But there is no such person. Because you are human.”
He made a circle with his fingers.
“Some guys go crazy even if you give them 100 gold. But some guys will snort even if you give them 100 million gold. So, is it impossible to negotiate?”
Benahar listened.
“No. If you refuse 100 million, give me 1 billion. If you refuse 1 billion, give me 10 billion. Ultimately, it’s a matter of quantity and quality. if you
Do you know the meaning of this word?”
“of course.”
The amount invested by Cairns to hire Benahar amounted to 28 billion gold.
“There can be no man who is detached from a woman. How could that be a creature? Of course, there will be people who will raise their noses. Then what should he do? He just needs to push it with an irresistible charm. It is enough to make it customized for that person, such as appearance, body, personality, disposition, intelligence, dignity, interest, etc., and then beat it up.”
Benahar felt it again.
‘Even politicians are not insane.’ The reason why I can’t think of it as a bluff was in line with the fact that he is currently the Minister of Foreign Affairs.
“Everyone’s life is the same. There is only a slight difference. Negotiations start from there.”
Cairns put down the tableware and wiped his mouth.
“Bring the human named Sirone in front of me. If you wait for about 30 minutes, you will get a rough estimate.”
“All right.”
When Benahar left the restaurant, the staff pulled a cart and removed the dishes.
“I ate well.”
When I handed over the gold coin with a soft smile, the employee’s head lowered even more.
‘Always the same reaction. Humans are no different from machines. A machine obsessed with desire.’
Cairns was an ambitious man.
A young child who dreamed of conquering the world early on, demonstrates excellent skills and becomes a minister in his mid-twenties.
‘King of Arachne is only an intermediate stage. Through this expedition, I will take a giant leap.’
The apex of the world was unfolding before my eyes.
Rangi clapped his hands as if he had suddenly remembered.
“right. I have something to give back.”
She took out a book from the bag she was carrying obliquely and held it out in front of Sirone.
“uh? This?”
“This is a book Mr. Sirone left at the hotel during the world beauty pageant. I kept having it.”
“Oh right. this book.”
When I turned the book, the title ‘Dragon Beater’ was written at the top of the cover.
“This is an interesting book.”
Feeling the thorn in Poine’s words, you gave an awkward eye smile.
“I just bought this because I was bored while traveling. ah! It must have been in a hotel.”
“yes. It was funny at first, but when I read it, I found it funny. Especially at the end, when the main character pulled out the dragon’s heart, it was really exciting. Oh, have you not seen it?”
As the blood of the two apostles rose terribly, a cold sweat ran down Sirone’s spine.
“… … haha.”
said Poine, clearing his throat.
“Anyway, I have work, so I’ll go. I hope you have a good time.”
“No, not really necessary… … Rangi took Shirone’s arm.
“oh! Then take a look at our deck. It’s my first time on this ship. Thank you, grandma.”
As the two moved away to the far end of the deck, Kaios turned toward them.
“how is it?”
Poine’s eyes narrowed.
“It is not an ordinary bet. He didn’t notice that he was dying, so his combat power was nil. But I can’t read my emotions well. pro.”
“okay? It seems to be sincere. After all, isn’t it enough to be kind to the Messiah?”
“To be naive.”
Poine turned around with his hands behind his back.
“Human kindness is fragrant poison. If you get drunk on the sweet scent, your lungs will rot.”
Kaios followed and said.
“I will go out to prevent the next tsunami. Would it be okay for you to leave? Arachne’s movements are unusual.”
Poine looked back at Arachne’s sailboat.
“Certainly, the energy is strangely strong. I don’t know who in the world got those strong guys on board… …
Her eyes narrowed.
“Anyway, he’s only human.”
Looking at the sea, Rangi’s face was sad.
“The damage was less than in other countries, but many people were killed or injured. There was someone I met, but he too was washed away while trying to rescue me.”
“I see.”
“For a while, I lived with a feeling of desperation. Then I heard that Mr. Sirone was coming. why is there such a thing Someone you will never forget in your life.”
Rangi said with tears in his eyes.
“Even though I knew it was a dangerous mission, I felt like I could breathe better when I met Sir Lone. ha! I really think I will live. I haven’t talked to anyone about this.”
As Rangi approached a little closer, Sirone said firmly.
“What is the real reason you are here?”
Rangi’s eyes fluttered for the first time, and Sirone did not miss the change.
“I am fully aware of Mr. Rangi’s charm. But what does he get from me as far as lying?”
“I lie… …
He could have any number of excuses, but Rangi realized he didn’t have to.
‘My sincerity can’t be conveyed anyway.’
When he looked up again, Rangi’s eyes were different.
“Sirone-san, the truth is… …
Then a voice was heard.
“Here you are.”
When the two of them turned their heads at the same time, a man in a suit was walking towards them.
“Mr. Benahar.”
“I have been looking for a long time. Even if you’re Rangi-san, you have to follow the rules. You have 30 minutes to go out.”
Covering Rangi’s deliberately exposed shoulders
I turned around.
“I will go. Nice to meet you,”
Thinking that there was still a story left, Sirone called and stopped her.
“Shall we have dinner together later? I’ll go find it.”
Rangi’s steps stopped abruptly, and one side of Benahar’s dark eyebrows twisted.
“yes.”
Rangi smiled brightly.
“I’ll wait.”
Seeing her sincere expression for the first time, Sirone wondered.
‘Arachne. What are you up to?’
said Benahar.
“I’m sorry, but I will cancel my appointment. you have a promise I will pass it on to Mr. Rangi.”
“who are you?”
Benahar, who estimated Sirone’s ability with his own eyes, held out his hand and asked for a handshake.
“Arachne Foreign Affairs Chief of Staff, Bena Harda. Fame is well known. The Five Great Stars of the Ivory Tower.”
Sirone is not authoritative.
That’s why I use honorifics for Oh Dae-seong
The question of those who did not was pure curiosity.
“Ah, yes. Nice to meet you. But what about canceling the appointment? Is that the promise between me and Mr. Rangi?”
“The minister wants to see you. I will prepare a place quietly, so come over to your side of Arak.”
“No, so. I have dinner plans with Mr. Rangi. Why do I have to listen to you?”
“ha.”
Strength entered Benahar’s eyes.
“Because even that rangi is the Minister’s property. Don’t you know what your priorities are?”
“The first promise comes first. And people are not objects. Please take that back.”
“It’s not exactly wrong. But we call things that can be traded.”
To be precise, it was the philosophy of Cairns.
“transaction?”
Feeling that it was no longer worth dealing with, Sirone shook off Benahar’s hand.
“Tell the minister. If you want to meet me, come when I want and where I want.”
After spitting that out, he moved away toward the captain’s office, and Benahar loosened his knuckles.
“I have no choice but to do it.”
If you collide with the star of the ivory tower with all your might, the entire sailboat will explode, but… … .
“That’s a good thing too.”
At the same time that he deployed ice and fire magic in both hands, he kicked off the deck and threw himself.
“Keugh!”
Sirone turned around.
‘What is this feeling… …
Even before casting the magic, the feeling of the spirit zone made my heart explode.
‘no. There is nothing like this. It’s definitely a skill.’
There would have been a breakup law.
‘Is it incarnation? Or the ability of Yahweh that I heard about? It could be some kind of mental system… …
Sirone took a step closer.
“Huh!”
Benahar involuntarily opened his jaw and expelled all the air from his lungs.
‘Isn’t that technology? This is really human… …
What is pure spirit?
“… … la. Listen carefully.”
At the sudden voice, Benahar realized that he had lost consciousness for a moment.
How long it had been was told by the location of Sirone, who was approaching before her.
‘Why are you so tall?’
By the time his senses returned and he realized that he was on his knees.
“I am going to see the minister. I’ve changed my mind, so tell me clearly.”
“yes yes… …
“The Minister will have to prepare a definite answer to the question I ask. If the desired answer does not come, then Arachne will never be able to achieve what she wants.”
“yes yes.”
When Sirone released the Spirit Zone, the organs that had been paralyzed by the shock moved quickly.
“Ahhh… …
Hot steam rose from the feet of Benahar, who was convulsing on the ground.

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-1018.txt
=============YYYYY=============
Working behind the scenes (3)
Sirone was not in a good mood.
‘It’s an all-out attack.’
To be honest, it was an eerie energy, and the destructive power contained in it must have exceeded imagination.
‘The ship almost sank.’
It’s good that they were suppressed before the battle started, but the lives of the passengers were almost in danger.
Shirone’s unconventional way of living was also rooted in anger at this.
‘Foreign Secretary Cairns.’
I know roughly through Omega, but the age of Cairns was quite young.
‘The Cairns record I remember was until I was twelve. Of course, even then, it wasn’t an average bet.’
I couldn’t even imagine how it would evolve in the 22 years since then.
Sirone massaged her eyes.
“I’m tired.”
He had no intention of getting deeply involved in politics, but what bothered him was Rangi.
‘I said it was a thing. I’m talking about people.’
Even when the world beauty pageant was being held, she entertained high-ranking officials, which in itself was not unusual.
However, the smile she showed at the end was sincere without a single lie.
‘Throw your heart.’
Wouldn’t that be enough reason to get involved in politics?
Arachne sailboat.
“sorry.”
In a huge room decorated like a palace, Cairns was drinking with the dancers.
“Do you know how to say such a thing?” Cairns’ eyes were as cold as ice among the dancers who were smiling lightly.
Benahar lowered his head again.
“I was mistaken. The inaction of Sirone that I actually met is beyond imagining.”
“How do you know that? You said you didn’t even fight?”
It was half right.
It could have been a good fight had it actually happened, but it wouldn’t have any meaning now.
‘My heart was broken. His spirit… … It’s not human.’
No matter how many lines of fire, the intensity of the mind is impossible to compress a person’s whole life into a war.
Regardless of skill level, how mentally trained are those who can ‘battle’ Sirone.
‘Training? no, that’s crazy Only in the realm of madness will you be able to stand against Sirone.’
“Anyway, it’s okay.”
Cairns had no regrets about the ruined game.
“I have to wait for the right time. Come on, stop going back. And say Rangio.”
“that is… …
Several facts collided in his head, and Benahar said with a puzzled expression.
“Things got a little messy.”
Cairns, who raised one eyebrow and looked at Benahar, gave a meaningless sneer.
that evening.
Sirone entrusted the job to Poine and headed for Arachne’s sailboat alone.
After flying in the sky and jumping over a distance of 700 meters, I saw the deck where the banquet was being held.
All of them were working staff, and the sacrament of delicacies that could not be found on other ships continued.
Sirone landed among people drinking under the cozy moonlight in a windless area.
“Whoa.”
They weren’t surprised by the magic.
They only expressed displeasure at the fact that they broke the mutual treaty and invaded the ship through the sky.
“What are you? I know where I am now… …
Just as the man wearing the medal was about to move, the escort wizard stopped him.
“Vice Minister, the author is Sirone.”
“Oh Dae-seong?”
Although his ability falls far short of Cairns, the vice minister had a weapon called seniority.
“Hmmmm, meet the stars of the ivory tower.” Even if it was a thorn in the eyes of a politician, there was nothing good to lose by pretending to be an ivory tower.
At least until the temple opens.
“I came to see Cairns. Where are you now?”
‘Is a young guy just calling the minister’s name?’ He wasn’t going to fall for the slightest provocation, but he had to go over the public affairs.
“Since you are not at the banquet, you will be in the boudoir. But what is it?”
“There are a few things I want to ask you. If you’re not going to guide me, get out of the way.”
“Whoa.”
When the wine he drank well came up, the vice-gwan exhaled a long breath and spit out his drunkenness.
“Well, good. You shouldn’t be arguing about what the stars in the ivory tower do. But from what I’ve heard, maritime exchanges were suggested by Mr. Sirone first, right? And Arachne gladly complied. But now come… …
“Who directed the banquet?” The vice minister wrinkled his brow.
“Agreement was reached on the enumeration case.
It’s done. Are you dissatisfied with the consumption of your country’s food?”
“You have to do that on deck?”
The vice minister raised his glass and looked back at the night sky.
“what… … Because the weather is nice and the moon is bright.”
The moment Sirone’s eyes tightened, he straightened his posture and continued.
“I know what you mean. Other pears don’t eat enough. However, we are also the elite who are marching forward with national significance. I have my own routine, and the bar I pursue is clear. This kind of emotional approach does not excuse the star from breaking the pact.”
As the vice minister of foreign affairs, he had strong speeches as well as psychological warfare.
“It’s an agreement.”
Thinking of what Benahar had done during the day, Sirone was filled with energy.
“great. I apologize for breaking the agreement.”
The aristocrats murmured.
“No, what.”
The Vice Minister tried to hold back his laughter, but he couldn’t help but feel the strain on his shoulders.
“It’s such a trivial matter, isn’t it? The relationship between the Ivory Tower and Arachne is not so… …
The moment he saw Sirone’s eyes, the Vice Minister’s heart sank.
“Then let’s hear from the Minister how well the agreement is being kept. Could it be something serious? But if there is a part that severely breaks trust… …
The nobles couldn’t even blink an eye.
“Don’t expect this boat to be out at sea tomorrow morning.”
After saying that, Sirone turned around, and the vice minister held out his hand with a hammer-beaten expression.
“No, wait a minute. Star, no Sirone.”
“Enjoy the banquet.”
Sirone turned her head and looked at the people.
“Don’t leave even one person out and wait here. So that there is no hassle when you come back.”
Benahar opened the door to the boudoir and came out.
“What is going on?”
The moment I found Sirone, I broke into a cold sweat as I remembered what had happened during the day.
“Ah, Mr. Sirone.”
“As previously announced, I am here to meet the Minister. They say he’s in the boudoir right now.”
Benahar looked at the vice minister beyond Sirone.
‘No no!’
Pretending to hit his neck with the blade of his hand, the deputy official continued to speak without making a sound.
‘You can’t go to the minister. Whether it’s diarrhea or illness, you can use any excuse to turn it around!’
I roughly understood the meaning, but Benahar had no choice.
“Come. I will guide you.”
The deputy minister, who knew his personality, looked at him with an absurd expression, but in the end, he couldn’t meet his eyes.
The door closed, and the remaining nobles felt a chill in the warm temperature of the southern country.
“… … Damn it.”
“Forgive me for daytime work. I installed it without knowing anyone.”
Benahar nailed his mistakes so they wouldn’t interfere with Cairns’ work.
However, on the other hand, as a magician, he also had respect for Sirone.
“Someone could have been hurt. If you have any complaints about me, please call me separately next time.”
“… … It won’t happen.” When I opened the door, Cairns and Rangi were sitting side by side at a table in a fancy restaurant.
“Rangi?”
Sirone asked back, but Benahar lowered his head and held the doorknob.
“Have a good time.”
Hearing the door slam shut, Cairns stood up as Sirone approached.
“welcome. Meet the stars of the ivory tower. As rumor has it, he’s quite handsome… …
“Rangi, what happened?”
He had no intention of ignoring Cairns, but calling Rangi was obviously not a favor.
“haha! You said you have a pre-medicine. Actually, I don’t even know Rangi, so I called her to see if we could sit down together. I’m sorry if I offended you.”
“Sirone… …
Rangi’s appearance was more beautiful than usual, but the window to her heart was already closed.
“Let’s listen first.”
When we got a seat on the opposite side of Cairns, the staff delivered food as if they had been waiting.
“The banquet is in full swing outside.
“sorry!”
Cairns put her hands on the table and bowed her head, causing the staff to pause.
“It’s all my negligence. I apologize for the daytime work, the banquet, and the violation of the agreement. I will take full responsibility.” It’s certainly brilliant that he guessed Sirone’s intentions without seeing them… … .
“How are you going to take responsibility?”
Words are worthless without action.
“I will open food. We are also in a relationship, but we have to share it together. I will undergo a full investigation. There are troops, so it doesn’t matter if you use them as security guards.”
“Hmm.”
Sirone crossed her legs.
“What is Arachne aiming for on this voyage?”
“… … I’ll tell you. As you know, Dionas is a nation founded by pirates. The king rules with an iron fist, and the majority of the people make their living from maritime plunder. Instead of recognizing Dionas as the official anthem of Cartesia, we want to get one thing.”
“What is that one thing?”
“Relics of the Ancient Civilization Mika.”
The moment he finished speaking, Sirone felt a sense of dread.
“that is??????
When searching the 5-dimensional cube containing all the movements of atoms that have occurred since the beginning of time.
“what?”
because there were no records.
“I don’t know the details. Nobody knows. It is a civilization that existed somewhere in the South Pacific a long time ago, and now it is rumored that it was submerged under the sea.”
“By the way, Dionas knows?” Being flat was evidence of excitement, so Cairns continued without expressing himself.
“Cartesia is a periphery in the world, so you will be unfamiliar with it. However, the 10 kingdoms of the archipelago have been researching Maika’s relics for a long time. however… … After World War II, Dionas was in trouble. Even if there is no damage from the tsunami, it is awkward that there is no damage from the demons.”
How should I accept this?
‘There is nothing that is not in Omega. Therefore, the Mika civilization is just a myth.’
… … Even when I think of it.
‘But such rumors should be recorded. Why don’t I know?’
The fact that the general public knows it but Sirone does not, means that it was only removed from Omega.
‘cancellation? no, that’s impossible Even if I reset it, the erasure log remains.’
It was not a logical reasoning.
‘The outside world.’
As a result of removing all categories that existed in Omega, only one was left.
‘It has to do with the outside world in some way. Otherwise, Omega cannot be bypassed.’
After thinking that far, Sirone asked.
“Even if Dionas found an artifact or trace, would he really want to share it?”
“So that’s why I’m going. Armed with vast treasures, weapons, and the most beautiful woman.”
These were things that would come out if you did a full survey.
“Are you going to appease that much? Aren’t you underestimating even if your opponent is a pirate?”
“It could be. So how about saying something like this? The king of Dionas, Kaltga… …
Cairns hugged Rangi’s waist.
“What if you are crazy about Miss Arachne? To the extent that they actually built an armed fleet and attempted an invasion.”
After all, it is a pirate.
“Of course, Rangi is a rare talent. But the temple will open soon, so shouldn’t we do our best?”
‘This is why I didn’t want to get involved in politics.’
This is because in order to achieve what you want, you have to see many things you don’t want.
“Hands off. Mr. Rangi is also my friend. I won’t forgive you if you do that in front of me.”
“Is it still mine?”
Cairns, who pressed his body closer to Rangi, said with eyes aiming to win.
“It is also necessary for negotiations. but… … If Oh Dae-seong helps me, I might not need Rangi.”
I thought it was over.
‘What in the world is there that can’t be done? With this, even the Five Great Stars will come under me.’
“Cairns.”
Sirone let out a laugh.
“Have you ever heard of the name Fermi?”
Cairns certainly has outstanding abilities in terms of understanding people and technology that disrupts the system, but… … .
“yes? no.”
Compared to the drug lord who erased even his memory of what kind of deal he had dealt with, he was at the level of a baby.
“I have to learn a lot from him.”

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-1019.txt
=============YYYYY=============
Behind the scenes⑷
Benahar hurriedly packed his things.
‘I have to leave.’
I don’t know where to go in the open sea, but it wasn’t this ship anyway.
Benahar’s attendant, who was watching from the side, asked with a puzzled expression.
“Chief Secretary, what are you doing?”
“it’s over. It’s over.”
I tucked the high-end watch I had bought with a lot of money into the back of my bag and zipped it up.
“You pack your things quickly. In the worst case, this ship might sink.”
It’s not the chief secretary talking nonsense, but this time I didn’t understand.
“The ship is sinking? Are they demons? Or is a tidal wave coming?”
Benahar hesitated.
Can it be said that Yahweh is a more dangerous person than the demons or tidal wave that the attendant said?
“Huh…
When he remembered the look in Sirone’s eyes he had seen during the day, his metabolism began to get entangled again.
How narrow is the human brain?
‘I couldn’t even imagine, until I felt with my whole body that such a thing really existed.’
“Chief Secretary.”
As Benahar shuddered like a madman, the attendant became even more suspicious of his behavior.
“Are you feeling unwell? Shall we call the duty officer?”
“Yahweh… …
Benahar gnawed his teeth.
“Yahweh is on this boat. He said he is currently negotiating with the foreign minister.”
“Then that’s a good thing. As you know, Mr. Cairns’ negotiating skills are the best. Of course, Yahweh is also protected by the Ivory Tower, but in this case… …
“Heh. Heh heh heh.”
Maybe because it was so absurd, even in a state of terror, laughter flowed out.
“Do you know what Yahweh is?”
“As one of the four superhumans, it is a symbol of fraternity. The reason I am here now is to help refugees. It is also a personal propensity to support.”
There were times when it became fashionable among politicians to support either good or evil, but… … .
“Do you think it is possible?”
Like Benahar, you only realize it when you come into contact with the extreme truth.
“Do you really think that loving all mankind is what humans can do? you’re welcome. That’s what went mad at the extreme of a certain accident. not insane A monster.”
The attendant blinked.
“Atrocities are bad and Yahweh is good? No, there is no normality in good and evil. They are outside the realm of human beings, and they just fight to get their ideas carried out there.”
“but… … You are a good person, Yahweh.”
“I saw.”
Benahar’s hands trembled.
“Those eyes. that spirit. The moment I thought it wouldn’t matter if I exploded the sailboat, Yahweh… …
There was no murder intent, no hostility, no anger.
“Yes, deprivation. At that moment, it is clear that Yahweh felt that the existence of I was simply ‘unnecessary’. It’s not a human emotion, no matter how you think about it.”
It was close to God’s logic.
“Once that happens, my head is empty. can’t think of anything Is it a negotiation or a deal… … That’s what humans do in a human world.”
If all mankind can be saved, it doesn’t matter if Sirone is not human.
“A world without common sense. But I want to be human. He said he wanted to earn money, meet women, and live a life full of fake fame. That’s what everyone is trying to do. I’m going.”
As if he didn’t need to hear the attendant’s answer, Benahar opened the door and went out.
When the door slammed shut, only the chaotic scene in his head remained.
Cairns was offended.
“Hmm.”
Sirone’s smile was the same, but the fact that his organs were being crushed was even more annoying.
“Even if you say so, I don’t know who Fermi is. What, are you famous?”
“A classmate of magic school.”
‘It’s ridiculous.’
If it’s a personal acquaintance from the beginning, isn’t it the same as being a fool no matter what answer you give.
“ha. Sirone-sama, don’t do this to each other. It is said that emotions are put first… …
“Cairns.”
Sirone stopped talking.
“Hands off.” Cairns, still holding Rangi by the waist, engaged in a snowball fight, moving her chin.
Breathtaking silence.
After a while, the hand wrapped around her waist like a snake slipped out and returned to its original position.
“I’m sorry if you were offended.” It was Cairns that avoided the collision once, but the eyes looking at Sirone were still cold.
“I didn’t mean to offend you. I just wanted to emphasize that Sirone-sama has a choice.”
“That’s why it’s third-rate.”
His tone returned calmly, but there was nothing harsh about what he said.
“The reason I brought up the name of my alumni is because they know me better than anyone else. No, I haven’t met anyone who can see through humans more openly than he.”
It was only after hearing Cairns’ negotiation method that Fermi’s strategy was guessed.
“To make a choice means you don’t know anything about me. Maybe that guy… …
Although it does not remain in memory.
“I wouldn’t have given me any options. situation to be followed. He knows that.”
Other than that, there was no way Sirone would make a deal with the drug lord.
“You’re starting to get angry.”
Actually, I’m already angry.
“I like giving Rangi to the pirates and having Oh Dae-seong help me. Neither is harm. That is the art of negotiation.”
Cairns held out his hand as if inviting.
“What remains is Sirone-sama’s choice. Do you have Rangi or throw it away? What else is left here?”
“Your resolve.”
As Sirone’s eyes cooled down, the entire restaurant began to vibrate up and down.
“This, this… … !”
Cairns staggered to his feet, and Rangi’s face turned pale as he looked around.
“Do not worry. I’m not trying to intimidate you by force. just… … It’s because I feel bad.”
Are you prepared to accept that?
“The reason I feel really bad is that the options you presented completely exclude me from choosing anything.”
“No, that’s it… …
As Cairns stood up and tried to return to the table, Sirone’s eyes widened.
“sit down.”
Even if I didn’t obey, my legs were shaking and I couldn’t stand any longer.
Sirone continued.
“So now I’m trying to change my stance. I would feel defeated if I chose the option you suggested. I’m in such a bad mood that I might lose my temper. The odds are half and half.” “Now that we are on an equal footing, let’s negotiate again. If you’re asking me to make a choice, fine. I will make a choice. But what will happen after that, I don’t know what will happen to me… …
Sirone sighed calmly.
“Can you afford it?” The world’s view of Yahweh.
If you thought taking a hostage would give you an edge in negotiations, you only knew Sirone half.
‘Nothing will change. If I speak, Sirone will make a choice. But after that… …
Is it really the size you can afford?
‘no. There’s really no way to sink the boat. It’s just a bluff. I’ve been through threats like this.’
That was also true, but the man in front of Cairns now was of a completely different kind.
scary.
‘What if he really commits it?’
It was an honest feeling, and I realized what it means to negotiate with the stars of the ivory tower as equals.
“Rangi.”
He tried hard to hide his emotions, but Cairns’ expression was already contorted with humiliation.
“Go to Sirone-sama’s side.”
He was still annoyed at treating people like objects, but the key to hostage negotiations was coolness.
“Ah, is that????
After hesitating for a moment, Rangi hurriedly grabbed her clothes and moved over to the seat next to Sirone.
The shaking of the stomach stopped, and a smile appeared on Sirone’s lips as if it had never happened.
“Thank you for caring me. You are good at negotiating. Arachne’s future is bright.”
It was pure praise.
“ha ha ha! I can’t win either. I tried desperately to get the upper hand, but I took a shot.”
Seeing Cairns cooling off his sweat with a hand fan, Sirone raised his evaluation of him.
“no. If the results are good, that’s good. Now that the big one is solved, the small one won’t be over soon, will it?”
“of course. Hey, is the food still far away? it’s all cold Bring something warm back.”
The staff immediately replaced the food, and Cairns got up and poured the wine himself.
“C’mon, let’s toast. For the prosperity of the kingdom of Arachne and the Ivory Tower. I will work hard too.”
You don’t know what people are thinking, but sometimes there are things you don’t have to go deep into.
“yes. then.”
Sitting in the middle of the table, Sirone brought the sweet wine to his lips.
‘… … it’s tough.’
The dazzling chandelier hanging from the ceiling was unfamiliar, as if from another world.
‘I am… … Where are they now?’
the next morning.
The emergency horn of the sailboat Sirone was riding spread across the horizon.
The people listening on board were deafening, and all covered their faces as they came to the deck.
“what! what’s the matter!”
Sirone entered the captain’s office while security officers calmed the crowd.
“What is it?”
“It’s an assault! I am a pirate.”
Looking back at the sea to the northeast the captain had pointed to, black dots shimmered on the horizon.
“Dionas?”
“Probably so, but it has not yet entered territorial waters.”
Poine said.
“If you aimed, you got it right. If you get caught later, you can get away with it. the problem is… …
“why’?”
Sirone tilted her head.
“Your conversation with Arachne must have been over. Why did you come to this distant sea? And that’s such a large army… …
There was only one thing I could think of.
“I had no intention of negotiating with Arachne from the beginning.”
“I think so too. Arachne intends to loot all the treasures she carried as tribute and pretend otherwise. It’s a pirate-like idea, but… …
Poine said softly.
“I don’t think this is a strategy to be used against a powerful country like Arachne. Are you sure about something?”
“Micah’s Relics.”
It was the first thought that came to mind.
“Please run the evacuation program. Then, at top speed, we’ll keep the civilians at bay. We have to finish it before the enemies get within range.”
“I will try.”
The captain raised a loudspeaker and shouted.
“To all passengers aboard the ship! It’s an emergency! Women and children, except for trained pros, board the A7 boat immediately. Repeat!”
While the people were going aft, Sirone and Poine reached the head of the boat.
“Miracle Stream.”
As the smoke of light gathered and turned into a huge lens, ships floating in the distance were seen.
“It’s an armed ship.”
The moment Poine muttered, smoke rose from one of the ships and cannons fired.
“what’?”
It was too far for the shells to reach, so Sirone got out of the lens and checked it in person.
An extremely fast object was approaching in a direct trajectory, as if ignoring even gravity.
‘Beyond the speed of sound?’
The fleeing people looked behind them and pointed to the sky with startled eyes.
“Cannon, artillery!”
Before he could even finish his words, Poine blocked Sirone’s path from an approaching cannonball.
A roar explodes.
“Oh dear.”
Poine, who had been pushed all the way to the deck, was holding a cannonball with one hand near his temple.
“This is an interesting object.”
Smoke rose from the crumpled iron ball.
Behind the scenes⑷
Benahar hurriedly packed his things.
‘I have to leave.’
I don’t know where to go in the open sea, but it wasn’t this ship anyway.
Benahar’s attendant, who was watching from the side, asked with a puzzled expression.
“Chief Secretary, what are you doing?”
“it’s over. It’s over.”
I tucked the high-end watch I had bought with a lot of money into the back of my bag and zipped it up.
“You pack your things quickly. In the worst case, this ship might sink.”
It’s not the chief secretary talking nonsense, but this time I didn’t understand.
“The ship is sinking? Are they demons? Or is a tidal wave coming?”
Benahar hesitated.
Can it be said that Yahweh is a more dangerous person than the demons or tidal wave that the attendant said?
“Huh…
When he remembered the look in Sirone’s eyes he had seen during the day, his metabolism began to get entangled again.
How narrow is the human brain?
‘I couldn’t even imagine, until I felt with my whole body that such a thing really existed.’
“Chief Secretary.”
As Benahar shuddered like a madman, the attendant became even more suspicious of his behavior.
“Are you feeling unwell? Shall we call the duty officer?”
“Yahweh… …
Benahar gnawed his teeth.
“Yahweh is on this boat. He said he is currently negotiating with the foreign minister.”
“Then that’s a good thing. As you know, Mr. Cairns’ negotiating skills are the best. Of course, Yahweh is also protected by the Ivory Tower, but in this case… …
“Heh. Heh heh heh.”
Maybe because it was so absurd, even in a state of terror, laughter flowed out.
“Do you know what Yahweh is?”
“As one of the four superhumans, it is a symbol of fraternity. The reason I am here now is to help refugees. It is also a personal propensity to support.”
There were times when it became fashionable among politicians to support either good or evil, but… … .
“Do you think it is possible?”
Like Benahar, you only realize it when you come into contact with the extreme truth.
“Do you really think that loving all mankind is what humans can do? you’re welcome. That’s what went mad at the extreme of a certain accident. not insane A monster.”
The attendant blinked.
“Atrocities are bad and Yahweh is good? No, there is no normality in good and evil. They are outside the realm of human beings, and they just fight to get their ideas carried out there.”
“but… … You are a good person, Yahweh.”
“I saw.”
Benahar’s hands trembled.
“Those eyes. that spirit. The moment I thought it wouldn’t matter if I exploded the sailboat, Yahweh… …
There was no murder intent, no hostility, no anger.
“Yes, deprivation. At that moment, it is clear that Yahweh felt that the existence of I was simply ‘unnecessary’. It’s not a human emotion, no matter how you think about it.”
It was close to God’s logic.
“Once that happens, my head is empty. can’t think of anything Is it a negotiation or a deal… … That’s what humans do in a human world.”
If all mankind can be saved, it doesn’t matter if Sirone is not human.
“A world without common sense. But I want to be human. He said he wanted to earn money, meet women, and live a life full of fake fame. That’s what everyone is trying to do. I’m going.”
As if he didn’t need to hear the attendant’s answer, Benahar opened the door and went out.
When the door slammed shut, only the chaotic scene in his head remained.
Cairns was offended.
“Hmm.”
Sirone’s smile was the same, but the fact that his organs were being crushed was even more annoying.
“Even if you say so, I don’t know who Fermi is. What, are you famous?”
“A classmate of magic school.”
‘It’s ridiculous.’
If it’s a personal acquaintance from the beginning, isn’t it the same as being a fool no matter what answer you give.
“ha. Sirone-sama, don’t do this to each other. It is said that emotions are put first… …
“Cairns.”
Sirone stopped talking.
“Hands off.” Cairns, still holding Rangi by the waist, engaged in a snowball fight, moving her chin.
Breathtaking silence.
After a while, the hand wrapped around her waist like a snake slipped out and returned to its original position.
“I’m sorry if you were offended.” It was Cairns that avoided the collision once, but the eyes looking at Sirone were still cold.
“I didn’t mean to offend you. I just wanted to emphasize that Sirone-sama has a choice.”
“That’s why it’s third-rate.”
His tone returned calmly, but there was nothing harsh about what he said.
“The reason I brought up the name of my alumni is because they know me better than anyone else. No, I haven’t met anyone who can see through humans more openly than he.”
It was only after hearing Cairns’ negotiation method that Fermi’s strategy was guessed.
“To make a choice means you don’t know anything about me. Maybe that guy… …
Although it does not remain in memory.
“I wouldn’t have given me any options. situation to be followed. He knows that.”
Other than that, there was no way Sirone would make a deal with the drug lord.
“You’re starting to get angry.”
Actually, I’m already angry.
“I like giving Rangi to the pirates and having Oh Dae-seong help me. Neither is harm. That is the art of negotiation.”
Cairns held out his hand as if inviting.
“What remains is Sirone-sama’s choice. Do you have Rangi or throw it away? What else is left here?”
“Your resolve.”
As Sirone’s eyes cooled down, the entire restaurant began to vibrate up and down.
“This, this… … !”
Cairns staggered to his feet, and Rangi’s face turned pale as he looked around.
“Do not worry. I’m not trying to intimidate you by force. just… … It’s because I feel bad.”
Are you prepared to accept that?
“The reason I feel really bad is that the options you presented completely exclude me from choosing anything.”
“No, that’s it… …
As Cairns stood up and tried to return to the table, Sirone’s eyes widened.
“sit down.”
Even if I didn’t obey, my legs were shaking and I couldn’t stand any longer.
Sirone continued.
“So now I’m trying to change my stance. I would feel defeated if I chose the option you suggested. I’m in such a bad mood that I might lose my temper. The odds are half and half.” “Now that we are on an equal footing, let’s negotiate again. If you’re asking me to make a choice, fine. I will make a choice. But what will happen after that, I don’t know what will happen to me… …
Sirone sighed calmly.
“Can you afford it?” The world’s view of Yahweh.
If you thought taking a hostage would give you an edge in negotiations, you only knew Sirone half.
‘Nothing will change. If I speak, Sirone will make a choice. But after that… …
Is it really the size you can afford?
‘no. There’s really no way to sink the boat. It’s just a bluff. I’ve been through threats like this.’
That was also true, but the man in front of Cairns now was of a completely different kind.
scary.
‘What if he really commits it?’
It was an honest feeling, and I realized what it means to negotiate with the stars of the ivory tower as equals.
“Rangi.”
He tried hard to hide his emotions, but Cairns’ expression was already contorted with humiliation.
“Go to Sirone-sama’s side.”
He was still annoyed at treating people like objects, but the key to hostage negotiations was coolness.
“Ah, is that????
After hesitating for a moment, Rangi hurriedly grabbed her clothes and moved over to the seat next to Sirone.
The shaking of the stomach stopped, and a smile appeared on Sirone’s lips as if it had never happened.
“Thank you for caring me. You are good at negotiating. Arachne’s future is bright.”
It was pure praise.
“ha ha ha! I can’t win either. I tried desperately to get the upper hand, but I took a shot.”
Seeing Cairns cooling off his sweat with a hand fan, Sirone raised his evaluation of him.
“no. If the results are good, that’s good. Now that the big one is solved, the small one won’t be over soon, will it?”
“of course. Hey, is the food still far away? it’s all cold Bring something warm back.”
The staff immediately replaced the food, and Cairns got up and poured the wine himself.
“C’mon, let’s toast. For the prosperity of the kingdom of Arachne and the Ivory Tower. I will work hard too.”
You don’t know what people are thinking, but sometimes there are things you don’t have to go deep into.
“yes. then.”
Sitting in the middle of the table, Sirone brought the sweet wine to his lips.
‘… … it’s tough.’
The dazzling chandelier hanging from the ceiling was unfamiliar, as if from another world.
‘I am… … Where are they now?’
the next morning.
The emergency horn of the sailboat Sirone was riding spread across the horizon.
The people listening on board were deafening, and all covered their faces as they came to the deck.
“what! what’s the matter!”
Sirone entered the captain’s office while security officers calmed the crowd.
“What is it?”
“It’s an assault! I am a pirate.”
Looking back at the sea to the northeast the captain had pointed to, black dots shimmered on the horizon.
“Dionas?”
“Probably so, but it has not yet entered territorial waters.”
Poine said.
“If you aimed, you got it right. If you get caught later, you can get away with it. the problem is… …
“why’?”
Sirone tilted her head.
“Your conversation with Arachne must have been over. Why did you come to this distant sea? And that’s such a large army… …
There was only one thing I could think of.
“I had no intention of negotiating with Arachne from the beginning.”
“I think so too. Arachne intends to loot all the treasures she carried as tribute and pretend otherwise. It’s a pirate-like idea, but… …
Poine said softly.
“I don’t think this is a strategy to be used against a powerful country like Arachne. Are you sure about something?”
“Micah’s Relics.”
It was the first thought that came to mind.
“Please run the evacuation program. Then, at top speed, we’ll keep the civilians at bay. We have to finish it before the enemies get within range.”
“I will try.”
The captain raised a loudspeaker and shouted.
“To all passengers aboard the ship! It’s an emergency! Women and children, except for trained pros, board the A7 boat immediately. Repeat!”
While the people were going aft, Sirone and Poine reached the head of the boat.
“Miracle Stream.”
As the smoke of light gathered and turned into a huge lens, ships floating in the distance were seen.
“It’s an armed ship.”
The moment Poine muttered, smoke rose from one of the ships and cannons fired.
“what’?”
It was too far for the shells to reach, so Sirone got out of the lens and checked it in person.
An extremely fast object was approaching in a direct trajectory, as if ignoring even gravity.
‘Beyond the speed of sound?’
The fleeing people looked behind them and pointed to the sky with startled eyes.
“Cannon, artillery!”
Before he could even finish his words, Poine blocked Sirone’s path from an approaching cannonball.
A roar explodes.
“Oh dear.”
Poine, who had been pushed all the way to the deck, was holding a cannonball with one hand near his temple.
“This is an interesting object.”
Smoke rose from the crumpled iron ball.

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-102.txt
=============YYYYY=============
[102] Geumgangseung (2)
“I don’t want to jump to conclusions about Sirone. We currently lack information about the Unlocker.”
Ethella, who agreed with Alpheas, added.
“Sirone joined Immortal Function three months ago. And in this battle, it was extremely open. The Order recognizes the Immortal Function as a mental sublimation function. I think it could be a problem separate from life.”
“What do you mean? We’re not trying to hear the position of the Order right now. We want to get this situation resolved as quickly as possible.”
Some teachers did not understand Etela’s words. This is because Immortal Function is a realm, not a level. No matter how deep a teacher was in learning, he could not be confident that he was deeper than a beggar on the street in the realm of enlightenment.
The teacher who gave Etela a face mask said directly to Alfeas.
“Principal, change your mind. To be honest, though with all due respect, it all started with the principal’s love affair. There is nothing more important to us than school. At this rate, the worst may happen.”
Alpheas looked around the crowd. Dozens of eyes were exerting silent pressure.
“Worst case? What is the worst thing you can think of?”
“There may be an order to close the school.”
“No, the worst is not like that.”
A teacher said, beating his chest as if he was frustrated.
“I can’t understand the principal’s will. What could be worse than closing schools?”
“The worst thing for a school would be if all the students and teachers were dead.”
The conference room was enveloped in silence. The gazes that were facing Alpheas diverged one by one.
“If it wasn’t for Sirone, no one would have survived. Also, the list of those killed must include you.”
Alpheas was disappointed with the spirit of the teachers who tried to exploit the death of their students instead of honoring them.
“Isn’t there some possibility left? Even if it’s a less than 1 percent chance, isn’t it the child who gave up his life for us? Then shouldn’t you at least try it until you try it? Even if the school is closed, isn’t it your duty as a teacher to do your best for Sirone’s life?”
“But, Principal, what does school mean to us? I feel sorry for Sirone too, but if you close the door like this… … .”
“Schools will not close. I will take all responsibility. So, do your best for Sirone. Shouldn’t we sacrifice this much for that child?”
The teachers could not refute Alfeas’ words. For whatever reason, it is an undeniable fact that his life was saved by a student.
After the meeting, the teachers left the conference room with dark expressions.
Magic School Student Council.
Members of the student council gathered by class in a huge conference room. Unlike the teachers who were worried about the rice bowl, they were sensitive and felt betrayed by Alfeas’ past.
“hello. This is student president Amira. We opened a seat to lead consultations regarding this situation. Please provide constructive comments.”
Amira of Class Two declared a meeting from the podium. She majored in climate magic, was 22 years old this year, and was one of the first people to graduate.
As he is a representative left-leaning figure in the student council, the atmosphere of the discussion could be predicted. As expected, it was the conservatives who defended the school’s position who applied for the right to speak first.
“This is Seriel from Class Three. As far as I know there is a serious public opinion criticizing Principal Alpheas on campus. But I think you have to be careful. The honor of the school equals the honor of the students. Under these circumstances, attacking the teaching staff could have adverse repercussions for future graduates.”
“This is Cass from Class Four. Commissioner Seriel’s opinion has a point, but this agenda is related to the morality of teachers. Even if it happened 40 years ago, it was a criminal act. I don’t think there is a future for the school if it doesn’t take responsibility for this part.”
Naturally, Amira agreed with Cass. However, as befits her chairman, she did not show it outwardly and stopped at nodding her head.
“This is Olivia from Class Six. The main issue right now is whether Sirone is dead or not. As you know, Sirone is dead. But few students and teachers distort that fact. As a result, the school side missed two of the suspects who were aligned with Arcane, and the principal’s accusation is also being delayed. This is a clear evasion of responsibility, and I think the student council should step up.”
Amira was angry for the same reason. Currently, the teachers have delayed accusing Alfeas because Sirone’s condition is uncertain.
Seriel objected.
“Aren’t we over-interpreting the teachers’ intentions? Syrone’s heart isn’t beating, but neither is decay. I know that there is a lot of discussion in the Ivory Tower about the opening of Immortal Function. If you consider these things, the judgment of the faculty is not incomprehensible.”
The students reacted with disdain. It was an immortal function that even teachers could not understand, so there was no way they could accept it at their level. Some students didn’t even know what an immortal function was.
It was the same with Amira. The highest level that a wizard can pursue. But what about that?
Magic was a knowledge-based phenomenon. I heard that this was the best while catching a cloud, but I did not understand what was so great about it.
“Hey, this is Veronica from Class Ten.”
An eight-year-old raised his hand. Even though the student council was young to elect a representative for each class, the weight of the remarks was the same.
“yes. Say it, Commissioner Veronica.”
“What did Grandpa Alpheas do wrong?”
At the sound of a voice that looked like she would burst into tears at any moment, Amira frowned and let out a sigh.
‘That’s why I suggested separating them by class.’
said Veronica with a sniffle.
“Can’t you forgive Alpheas’ grandfather even if he did something wrong?”
“That’s not right, Commissioner Veronica. This is a matter related to the honor of the school.”
“but… … Everyone makes mistakes, right?”
The atmosphere in the conference room was tumultuous. Certainly, the current remarks caused considerable ripples. In an unexpected harvest, the conservatives listened to Veronica’s words and watched the development of the situation.
“I get scolded by my mother often. But she’s not too upset. He said that anyone can make mistakes. Grandpa Alfeas made mistakes, but he has led the school well so far. So can you forgive me?”
Mark, wanting an opportunity, raised his hand and stood up.
“This is the mark of Class Seven. I agree with Commissioner Veronica. Of course, it is natural that the guilty person should be punished. However, I believe that we, who have trusted the security of the school and insisted on maintaining the status quo, are going aggressive. Unless the teachers are in a position to aid in the situation, I think the student council needs wisdom to know how to wait.”
‘Nice work, Mark.’
Seriel raised her thumb under the table, and Mark signaled with a nod.
A reversal of the atmosphere occurred, and opinions were tightly opposed.
Amira predicted the votes through each of their remarks. Overall, the lower classes tended to side with the school, while the senior classes tended to criticize the school. The tickets for the advanced class were half and half.
‘I’ll lose this if I do well.’
At this rate, there would be no way to accuse Alfeas. He has to seize the momentum of the reversal somehow, but it was not easy to extinguish the flames because the lower class, who are relatively young, tend to be swayed by emotions.
“This is Ardino Fermi of Class One.”
As Fermi, who had been listening until now, raised his hand, the eyes of the audience turned to him. He was the first in the seniority class and the first to be expected to graduate, so it was natural to wonder what he was thinking.
Seriel looked at Fermi anxiously. A young man with dark brown hair neatly swept back and wearing office-like ready-to-wear. But beneath his authoritative attire was a hideous sense of mischief.
He has enough skills to graduate, but for some reason, he gets eliminated every time. The next student council president was also considered a strong candidate, but in the end he abstained and handed over the seat to Amira.
To be honest, I don’t know what I’m thinking. The only thing he knew was that he liked buntang and enjoyed everyone’s struggle.
“Everyone here is indebted to Sirone. If it wasn’t for him, he’d be dead already. Therefore, there must be some who cannot accept his death.”
The students were stunned. They knew how hard Sirone fought for the sake of the entire school.
But on the contrary, Seriel became impatient. As far as she knew, Fermi wasn’t the type to be grateful. She didn’t know why she was suddenly bringing this up.
“I am also grateful to Sirone. However, the teaching staff uses such Sirone as their shield. So our judgment is not over the top. It’s a struggle to protect Sirone’s soul.”
“What spirit are you protecting? Sirone is still dead… … !”
“It has already been five days. Sirone’s heart is not beating. There is probably no one among you who does not miss Sirone. Isn’t it?”
Most nodded. Even if you don’t think so, mourning someone’s death isn’t too difficult.
“Everyone misses Sirone and is grateful. So let’s ask the question again. Does anyone among them really think Sirone is alive?”
Seriel realized Fermi’s strategy. If you separate emotion and reason, guilt disappears and reality becomes clearer. Students will judge with sobriety.
“Of course, no one is like that. It’s not cruelty, it’s common sense. Even so, teachers still insist that Sirone lived. Like a cult cult.”
Seriel hit the table and got up.
“That’s not true! There’s definitely something strange about Sirone’s condition… … !”
“What is so strange about it? I’ve read reports about immortal functions. But it has nothing to do with the magical realm and the death of creatures. We also obtained intelligence that Sirone’s body had already been embalmed.”
“That, that… … !”
It was Alpheas’ order. It was the foresight that if the immortal function was involved in the mind, physical loss should be managed here.
But it was unknown how Fermi came across a secret that only a few knew.
Amira asked, her eyes flashing fiercely.
“Embalance? Is it true what Commissioner Fermi said?”
Seriel glared at Fermi. Seeing that innocent smile made me even more annoyed.
‘Bad child. while it doesn’t matter You just want to cause a commotion.’
“Commissioner Seriel, please tell me.”
Seriel sighed. The fight he could have won was lost in an instant mistake.
“I will exercise my right to remain silent. If you want more answers, please hold a formal hearing.”
Although the act of keeping one’s mouth shut implies a positive meaning, it was vastly different from speaking directly. The importance of the right to remain silent is to leave room for dissent. There was no need to do the stupid thing of driving a wedge in advance as you don’t know what variable will turn the situation around.
Amira didn’t waste time. If it was a come-from-behind atmosphere, now was the best point. Closing out her meeting, she cast her vote.
“Then, we will start the secret ballot from now on.”
result… … It was as Seriel expected.
* * *
“Alpheas resign! Accept the investigation of the Inspection Department!”
“Proceed with Sirone’s funeral! It’s not a teacher’s job to play with the dead!”
About 100 students who participated in the decision of the student council were protesting in front of the medical office holding pickets.
—————————————

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-1020.txt
=============YYYYY=============
Electric Civilization (1)
Seventy battle fleets were advancing swiftly through the windless area on the sea.
“Captain, it’s a misfire.”
A ship of unprecedented size in the world was equipped with all sorts of weapons.
“You don’t have to report them one by one. This is called a greeting. You have to give it a shot so that the other side burns too.”
Jakra Pirates.
A famous pirate in the South Pacific, led by Jakra, the younger brother of King Dionas.
“But it misfired.”
Red hair blazing like flames, wickedly torn eyes peered out over the sea.
“It’s getting awkward. Open all the gates.”
Iso Jakra.
One of the world’s 100 most dangerous people, he was a master of schema that no one could stand against.
“Open the gun!”
The hull slowly turned to the left and opened up to 120 guns on the side.
The cannon extended out with an ominous vibrating sound and aimed forward like a thorn.
“Level 3 of power. Crush it.”
The member operating the device turned his head.
“Here, Captain. If we fire 120 electric guns at the same time, our hull will be blown away as well.”
“It’s okay, hit it.”
It wouldn’t be okay at all, but Jakra was a person who didn’t care about the aftermath.
said the vice-captain.
“How about luring it in first? If you can avoid a head-on confrontation, avoid it
It was Your Highness’ name.”
For Dionas to make a pact with Arachne, in itself, was not a losing business.
The problem is Rangi.
For pirates, wealth is something that can be taken away again, but humans cannot replace it.
What the Jakra Pirates had to do was to induce a fight and steal her away.
“If Rangi is taken away, there is no reason to be at a disadvantage in negotiations. The opponent is Yahweh. There is no need to provoke you, right?”
“Yahweh.”
Even Jack had heard of it.
“what… … You said you were just saving the world? Why doesn’t a guy like that come to me? Am I not the most pitiful person?”
The vice-captain spoke only to the point.
“He is a strong man. The history is splendid.”
“Yes, he must be a very strong guy. On the other hand, I’m a coward, vicious, less-than-falling pirate.”
The vice-captain did not deny it.
“Ha ha ha! good! I’ll show you a pirate battle. Kill the weak ones first! Bullying, threatening!”
Jakra stood up and pointed forward.
“I am the king and I am Nabal, and on the sea I am the god! I’ll do it if I do! Crush it!”
The vice-captain sighed, looked back and nodded, and the sailor entered the coordinates.
“Electric gun 120 doors open. Power level 3. Estimated projectile velocity… … Mach 4.2.”
Those who had not yet left the deck watched Poine with dazed expressions.
Half of the shells that fell with a thud were crumpled with finger marks.
“what? Cannon by hand… … Even on a sailboat, few people knew that her true identity was a dragon.
“Messiah.”
Poine approached Sirone, who still kept his eyes on the enemy fleet.
“The velocity of the projectile has exceeded the speed of sound. If I hadn’t watched in advance, there would have been damage.”
It was the reason Sirone kept her seat.
“How are your hands?”
Even if it had the durability of a dragon, there was a limit to the strength of living things and cells.
Poine looked into his right hand.
“it’s okay.”
Regardless of his will, his fingertips trembled and the skin on the back of his hand was torn.
“But I don’t think we can be sure what will happen next. I think it would be good to play.”
If Sirone allowed it, he wanted to fly up from this spot and boil the sea with poison.
While people were immersed in thought, people evacuated, and Arachne’s sailboat approached this way.
The knights equipped with fly artifacts flew vertically through the air and landed on the deck.
“What happened?”
Past the Templars, Foreign Minister Cairns approached.
“It’s a pirate. It was probably instigated by the Kingdom of Dionas, but there is no way to confirm it.”
Cairns did not feel betrayed.
“Sheesh! It’s definitely a bastard way. Anyway, where did Benahar go?”
He probably hid somewhere on the evacuation ship, but it was too much to search 300 ships.
Sirone said.
“This is just the beginning. In the event of an engagement, the damage will be out of control. Please retreat.”
“We will fight too. We have prepared the most elite knights in preparation for such a case.”
It was a battle that he could not give up as he had already been defeated by Sirone in the negotiations.
‘If the initiative is taken away, Mika’s relics will also be taken away by Sirone.’
Sirone looked back at Arachne’s sailboat and met eyes with Rangi who was standing on the deck.
“… … follow your heart. But if you decide to fight, I will classify you as a combatant.”
In some cases, it meant being a strategic scapegoat, and Cairns agreed.
“of course.”
As the Knights marched to the top of the deck, Poine made a serious expression.
“Looks like you have no intention of having a conversation.”
A battleship with more than 100 open guns could be seen in the huge lens of light that Sirone opened.
“I-that… …
A hot haze appeared over the battleship, and it pushed away from the sea at great speed.
‘It’s faster.’ The Knights witnessed 120 shells approaching, beating the sound… … .
‘damage.’
A reaction was impossible.
Although failing to dodge something at close range is a pattern familiar to the brain.
‘uh? uh uh huh?’
My nerves screamed as I encountered something approaching at great speed from a distance.
Aaaaaaaang!
When the roar arrived, the knights felt as if time had been reversed.
‘Hand of God.’
The shells had already arrived, and there was an illusion that Sirone had moved behind them.
“Big!”
Sirone shouted as he sprayed the 120 cannonballs he had swept with the hand of light into the air.
“Poine!”
As if waiting, the corner of Poine’s mouth was viciously torn and his skin cracked.
“Aaaaaang!”
The knights stared blankly at her mimicry as she soared into the sky.
“Dragon… …
Compared to the generally imagined dragon, it had a very skinny and long body.
“Keugh! Avoid!”
Feeling serious, the Knights took Cairns and retreated to the captain’s office.
The miasma seeping through the scales made it difficult to breathe.
“Little people… …
Sirone was the reason for limiting the apostle’s mimicry, and once mimicking, even a bit of humanity disappears.
‘I’m so pissed off. I can’t stop it.’
Due to her personality, she would do it even if it meant being killed by the Messiah.
“Follow me!”
When Sirone spread his wings and flew to the pirates, Poine followed.
“Karrrrrr!”
A boiling sound came from the venomous dragon’s throat, and thick green smoke leaked out.
“Aaaaaang!”
At a point 300 meters away from the pirate fleet, Poine cast a breath, Haze of Despair.
Smoke, like the tail of a meteorite, filled the sea in an instant.
I heard the screams of the pirates.
“gas! gas!”
The charging time is 2 hours, which is short among the 12 apostles, but the holding power exceeded 2 hours.
“Aaaaaa! Flesh, flesh is melting!”
Hearing screams from the huge green cloud, Sirone looked at the allied fleet.
‘At this distance is fine.’
If it wasn’t for the windless zone, the toxic smoke would have killed allies along with the wind.
“Hehe, the smell of rotting flesh is fragrant.”
Sirone stretched her neck and glanced at Poine, who was looking down, then sighed.
“But what if I cast a breath? You can’t figure out the identity of the enemy.”
“The mimicry was permitted by Messiah. If it wasn’t for the one-hit kill, the damage to our allies would have been great.”
They were definitely those who handled dangerous weapons.
“huh?”
Sensing that the temperament of the air had suddenly changed, Sirone hurriedly turned her head.
The green clouds that were just floating were spinning, gradually picking up speed.
“what?”
Huge bolts of electricity surged out of the clouds, striking lightning-like stalks everywhere.
‘magnetic field?’
The green smoke dissipated outside, revealing a battleship engulfed in a magnetic field.
“Ha ha ha! Is it only this much? Being a dragon is no big deal. is not it?”
Poine’s eyes grew bloody at Jakra’s words.
“I’ll chew it myself.”
“Wait a minute.”
The enemy’s formation was empty somewhere.
“The number of ships is insufficient. More than thirty ships have disappeared.”
When Sirone, who saw the situation, looked behind her, the pirate ship that had disappeared was chasing the evacuation ship.
‘I didn’t see it?’
As if by magic, the ship moved through space.
“Save the world, Yahweh!”
At the place where the voice was heard, Jakra raised her index finger to the sky and smiled.
“huh? no, can’t you? this is soon
Because ‘Birdron’ will burn everything. Fuhahaha!”
Poine’s body leaks poison
came out clean
However, compared to Sirone’s life, it was material.
“… … I’m waiting for you.”
At the same time as the wings flutter
Shiro
width
Your body roared across the sea like a flash of light.
“Big!”
Flying at breakneck speed, Sirone saw and was convinced of the pirate ship’s location.
‘Even if I fly like this, it takes more than 2 seconds. It must have happened physically impossible.’
Thousands of shadows rose from the thirty pirate ships like birds taking off.
‘Is that Birdron?’
It was a small orb with vibrating metal wings, and as soon as it caught the target, it scattered in all directions.
“this… …
Sirone moved, and thousands of bird drones hit the friendly fleet in a huge trajectory.
Aaaaaaaang!
A chain of explosions so huge that one could guess the firepower even from afar.
“Puhahaha! what? He said it was Yahweh, but it’s nothing, right? Who am I going to protect now?”
The members trembled at the attitude of Jakra, who did not care about the dragon floating in the sky.
‘He’s our captain, but he’s a real madman.’
It was strange that he always led battles to victory while not paying attention to the superiority of power.
“hey! Why don’t you come down when you get mad? I’ve wanted to catch a dragon for a long time!”
As Jakra drew his sword and provoked him, Poine, who had been watching the smoke, turned his head.
“I am not punishing you.” At that moment, the member who was looking toward the horizon through a telescope shouted with a surprised expression.
“Captain! me, there… … !”
Jakra frowned and pressed his temples, and light came into his eyes.
The place where Birdron’s smoke disappeared was not the evacuation ship, but the Hand of God.
“what? Where have you all gone?”
The Hand of God spread out his palm as if to show him, but there was nothing.
As Jakra’s expression turned cold, the Hand of God quickly waved his hand.
And as the next moment hit the sea, nearly 300 evacuation boats appeared.
Neither the pirates nor the refugees, even Poine, could not understand what was going on.
“Hand of God.”
Sirone said.
“Slate of Hands (hand skills).”

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-1021.txt
=============YYYYY=============
Electric Civilization (2)
Refugees aboard three hundred ships looked around with bewildered expressions.
“Are you alive?”
When Birdron flew in, no one expected life, but a strange phenomenon occurred.
The curtain of space shuddered, and thousands of bombs all exploded before I knew it.
Sirone was relieved inwardly.
‘Actually, it’s very tricky.’ The Slate of Hand was not magic, but a technique close to a kind of trick.
It just seems to ignore even the law because the trick takes place at the quantum level.
Poine’s eyes turned fierce.
‘That way… …
If a magician tricks the eye, Sirone tricks cognition.
‘The moment everyone in the audience is certain of the future, the mind becomes something predictable, that is, the law.’
And if it’s a law, sirone can twist the events they perceive.
‘Nevertheless, the reason for the trick… … This is because when people’s cognition returns, the event itself regains its logical probability.
“haha.”
If anyone had doubted a different future, the three hundred ships would never have disappeared.
“It’s magic that risks the lives of 20,000 people.” It was an instant art that happened the moment everyone’s awareness was focused into a square.
“Certainly not insane.”
besides that
“What are you going to do? Will you die to me now, or will you wait until the Messiah comes?”
When Poine looked back at the pirate ship, Jakra’s face wrinkled on the deck.
“Hmm.”
“Captain, what should we do?”
If the opponent was a first-class dragon, he thought that it was human duty to pretend to be worried.
“Do I need to wait?”
Electricity flowed through Jakra’s eyes, and a powerful magnetic field wrapped around him in a sphere.
“Let’s go, boys!”
When the members realized their sincerity and operated the machine, the pirate ship began to turn transparent.
“Stealth? It sounds like it.” It was a high-level technique, but it wasn’t something the dragon couldn’t cope with.
“Aaaaaang!”
Poine folded his wings and crashed towards the pirate ship, where only a blurry boundary remained.
But what touched her teeth was salty sea water, not a pirate ship.
“Pooh!”
Poine, who was submerged in the sea, wiped off the water and looked around, when he heard a horn from afar.
“Ha ha ha! Here, here!”
Jakra’s pirate ship, which had moved 6 kilometers before he knew it, appeared.
“Come on, lizard.”
Jakra, who was standing on the deck, waved her hands provocatively and raised her middle finger.
Perhaps some electrical energy.
“Kurrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr..”
It must be a technology that handles energy at a level that has never been created by modern humans, but… … .
“Aaaaaang!”
Poine, whose eyes had already returned, soared freely and cast a magic circle in all directions.
“Resolved.”
From the magic circle created with the power of dragon words, toxic acidic liquid spurted out with tremendous water pressure.
Jakra burst into laughter.
“Puhahaha! Do you see that, the lizard’s eyes are gone?”
Pirate ships that move through space with the power of electricity were agile regardless of their size and mass.
“Captain! excuse me… …
“it’s okay! Crush it! The energy gun allows maximum output! It’s a lizard party today!”
“No, that’s not it!”
The members covered their noses and shouted.
“My stomach is melting!” Jakra, who narrowed her eyes, looked around and saw that the nearby sea was dyed green.
Hundreds of thousands of fish came to mind, reminiscent of land covered with dead bodies.
The vice-captain has approached
“Why don’t you stop falling for it? This is enough to save face.”
“… … What about Rangi?”
Jakra, who turned to the Arachne sailboat, pressed his temple, and the scenery was drawn.
The battle between the Knights and the Pirates was in full swing.
“Ha ha ha! Is it too easy?”
Pirates equipped with stealth weapons decapitated the knights in an invisible place.
“damn! What can I see to fight!”
The Knights, who retreated from the deck in succession, were pushed to the entrance to the boudoir guarded by Cairns.
“Stupid things! Even so, you are a knight of Arachne!”
Once the enemies entered the boudoir, it was only a matter of time before they plundered the gold and silver treasures inside.
‘No, rather than that, Rangi… …
When he thought of the only tribute that King Kalt of Dionas wanted, he suddenly realized.
‘Where did you go?’
Until she was on Sirone’s sailboat, Rangi was nowhere to be seen on the deck.
“Huh! Huh!”
Rangi looked back as he ran through the hallway of the boudoir, lined with numerous rooms.
“Huh!”
My shins tingled when I confirmed that something shimmering like a ghost was still following me.
‘No room. It’s a dead end.’ However, even if it ran along the road, it was just a sailboat stuck in the open sea.
“Wow!”
Rangi turned his head and fell on the spot with a dull impact on his face.
“Are you Ranghi?”
Startled, she raised her head to reveal Jakra, who had unlocked stealth mode.
“Your brother should like it.”
“Sal, please save me.”
Although Rangi had dealt with the wicked quite a bit, Jakra’s eyes looking at her were not normal.
“Until I ask for something else… … . If you just follow along, nothing will happen. egg
did you?”
Rangi nodded.
“Hmm.”
Jakra, who was watching her desperate expression, grabbed her by the wrist and opened the door.
“I can’t. Shall we talk for a while?”
“Kyaaak!”
Rangi struggled, but couldn’t overcome Jakra’s powerful strength.
‘Sirone.’
A person comes to mind.
“Cheuk, very windfall today… …
In front of Jakra’s eyes as he opened the door, smoke of light began to gather at high speed.
‘Photon Cannon.’
When Sirone, who arrived by quantum transfer, cast a spell, Jakra’s body flew backwards.
As soon as his wrists were released, Rangi sat down with his head clutched and looked behind him.
The traces of people flying through the walls of the inner room were spread out in front of my eyes.
“Rangi-san, are you okay?”
When I turned my head to the voice I heard in front of me, Sirone was holding out her hand anxiously.
“Uh, how?”
There was no way for Sirone to come out of the sealed room, not anywhere else.
“Get up at once. I’ll take you to a safe place.”
As Rangi stood up holding hands, Jakra’s shouts were heard through a hole in the wall.
“Like this dog… … !”
A voice continued from nearby.
“Baby!”
When Jakra appeared right in front of her and swung her fist, Sirone took Rangi and retreated.
‘Space jump ability.’ It was more like a mix of Flickr and Spark, but the problem was that it wasn’t magic.
“Is it Mika’s relic?”
Jakra raised an eyebrow.
“Heuk, why, do you want to know? Give me that woman if you want to know.”
There are no fools to negotiate with pirates.
“no? Do you really hate this? then… …
Jakra’s body, which pressed down on his temple, became transparent and disappeared in an instant.
“Sir, Sirone.”
Voices echoed from all sides as Rangi embraced Sirone’s arm.
“how is it? I don’t know where you are Shall I cut your throat? Or the woman’s wrist?”
Sirone stared fiercely at the front.
“How about wrecking a boat? If you pile up a lot of treasure under the sea, it will be popular.”
Her voice was a decoy, and Zakra kept her mouth firmly shut and held a knife behind Sirone’s back.
‘die.’
At that moment, Jakra’s eyes widened.
‘What’s this?’
From the vision linked to his brain, Shiro
Your figure seemed to vibrate in several.
Random numbers counted rapidly, and indecipherable ancient characters flickered.
-Shaped level, electronic grade.
‘What do you know?’
As the blade aimed at the top of his head and fell, Sirone twisted his back.
‘Did you avoid it?’
Exactly, it was probabilities.
With the Photon Cannon floating in her hand, Sirone turned around and slammed it into her abdomen.
“Keugh!”
The magnetic field shield unfolds, and an incomprehensible text pops up again.
– Room is impossible. EMF limits exceeded.
‘Damn it! why… … !’
Jakra, who was forced to fly through the opposite wall again, let out an annoyed cry.
“What are you talking about!”
With a thump he pierced the final wall, and the cold sea water swallowed his body.
As the sound of cool water rushed in like a squall, Sirone took Rangi’s hand and led him.
“Let’s go. The outer wall has been breached.”
“If the ship sinks, what about the treasure? There are over 20 tons of treasure loaded here.”
“It’s not even ours. Why, is it a waste?”
“… … yes.”
Sirone burst into laughter.
“If we act quickly, a capsize can be prevented. The first priority is to catch Jakra.”
Mika’s legacy.
‘It is a civilization that uses electricity. Chances are good that it has something to do with the outside world.
When he took Rangi’s hand and came out to the deck, most of the knights were dead.
Cairns showed off its color.
“A star! Us… … !”
Before he could finish his words, Sirone cast a berserk blast and sent the pirates out of the ship.
“Where is Jacques?”
On the other side of the sea, Poine was seen sinking most of the pirate ships.
‘The place to return is gone. And it’s a mess.’
If it was a space jump enough to jump over the sea, Rangi would no longer be here.
As if to answer the question, a scream was heard from the sailboat where Sirone lives.
“Help me! Help me!”
A wet Jakra was staggering with a knife to the middle-aged woman’s neck.
‘Ugh, annoying. A damn machine.’
I tried to space jump, but there was no reaction, only sparks exploded in my head.
Sirone flew into the sky.
“Give up. If you surrender obediently, I will make sure that you are judged by the law according to the due process.”
“You’re F*cking.”
After dragging the woman to the edge of the deck, Jakra lowered his gaze toward the sea.
‘There is no poison here.’
If you demonstrate your ability to dive, which is one of your strengths, you should be able to get out of the crisis.
“No one moves. I know how to slit a woman’s throat the moment he chases me. okay?” Jacques smiled contemptuously.
‘Hey, it’s so easy, isn’t it? A person’s life is a fly’s life. How many hostages are there?’ He climbed the railing and jumped down into the sea with the woman in his arms.
“hi?!”
Until that time when she stuck out her tongue and plunged into it, Sirone did not act.
“Gareuk! Garruk!”
The woman who was submerged in the sea struggled, but Jacques calmly went to sleep.
‘Dive record 23 minutes.’
The reason why he is able to have lung capacity that exceeds human limits is because he has the ability to mimic schema.
‘Normal people can’t last more than three minutes. So is this woman. But that 3 minutes
not… …
You can run away from Sirone.
‘What am I going to do if I hide in the deep sea? Please hold on for a long time. Let me live.’
“Garreuk! Garruk!”
The sound of bubbles popping from the woman’s throat was delightful to Jakra.
“Huh! Huh!”
The woman took a deep breath and shouted.
“Help me!”
“haha! stupid! Here in the sea… … Zach Ra, finally realizing the strangeness, looked around her and saw that a water barrier had spread.
“uh? uh huh?”
Only the water surface with a diameter of 200 meters was lowered endlessly, and finally reached the bottom of the deep sea.
The barrier of the sea bulged out and approached in the form of a transparent hand.
Hand of God – Elemental Hand.
A hand of liquid with deep sea fish swimming in it like an aquarium pulls the woman to the surface.
Sirone came down with her hands behind her back.
“Do you have any last words?”
“Oh, there, so… …
Jakra, who still couldn’t get out of his absurd mind, raised his hands and said.
” surrender?”
A huge amount of water poured down and knocked him to the ground.

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-1022.txt
=============YYYYY=============
Electric Civilization (3)
After the battle with the Jakra pirates, the refugee ships regrouped.
Thanks to the quick capture of Jakra, the Arachne sailboat was barely able to prevent capsizing.
“The treasure is unharmed.”
Cairns was the first to speak.
“You are in debt again. The Arachne Knights didn’t seem to be of much help.”
The reason why there are no political remarks is probably because he already grasped Sirone’s tendencies.
“Effect is the sum of all causes. I don’t think it’s a good idea to assign lessons by part.”
Sirone turned around.
“by the way… …
Jakra, tied to a rope, was on her knees with her mouth open in a daze.
Through the technology of the mind, confinement, Jakra’s ego was imprisoned deep in the brain.
“You’d better think carefully. From now on, I will live forever in the prison of the body.
It might make you sick.”
Jakra’s eyes shook in shock, but that was all she could react.
“It will be useless. Because the only person Jakra fears is his older brother, Carl T.”
The king of Dionas, called the Great Pirate.
“What kind of person are you?”
Kalt, whom Sirone remembers as an omega, was a combat soldier of the mid-level pirates until the age of twenty-four.
Even at that time, he had the heart of a snake, but compared to Jakra’s madness, he belonged to a rather ordinary axis.
“I would like to define you as a strange person. He calls himself a pioneer. He lives buried in his own doctrine. He is also the most demanding type diplomatically.”
“Hmm, a pioneer.”
Ancient civilizations, electrical technology, luminaries.
The fragments of the mystery took some form, but even that was just a huge question.
“Because the profit and loss calculation did not work, Arachne had a hard time as well. Maybe it was fortunate that he wanted Rangi. Of course, if it came out like this, the story would be different.”
Poine said.
“I don’t know why there is a blank in Messiah’s omega. Just to tell you what I know, Mika is a hypothetical continent that mankind calls a super-ancient civilization. It is said that it was somewhere in the South Pacific, in the 10 kingdoms of the archipelago, but the current theory is that it sank to the bottom of the sea.”
“It is a virtual continent. Are you saying we couldn’t verify it, even with the dragon’s abilities?”
“The omega, protected by Kara Torsa and the Mudeungryong, was delivered only to the Messiah. We cannot pinpoint transmission errors because we have not been able to view them. However, when there was a core, information could be exchanged between the 12 apostles.
yo. this. Based on that, some clues come to mind, but Chaios, the water dragon, should know more about it than I do.”
The reason why he passed on the words to Kaios even though he shared the same information was because of the subtle feeling that he couldn’t convey without directly checking it.
After resting and waiting, Kaios, who returned after blocking the tsunami, landed on the deck.
“Messiah, you have returned. Based on the analysis of continental plate motion, the next earthquake will be 48 hours later.”
“great job.”
Sirone talked about everything from fighting the pirates to Mika’s artifacts.
“It happened. I’m sorry I couldn’t stay by your side. If I had… …
“That’s all right. What I want to know is the Maika Ruins. If the continent had sunk, there’s no way it wouldn’t have been confirmed by you roaming the world’s oceans, right?”
Kaios opened his mouth heavily.
“To begin with, the Myka civilization is presumed to have existed.”
“calculation?”
“yes. First of all, the ability of the Pirates that Messiah is curious about is probably the influence of Oparts. A timeless relic, the name is quite accurate. The chronology of the super-ancient civilizations I researched… …
Kaios’ expression became serious.
“It is at least 2 billion years old. In other words, it was an era when even the dragon race did not exist.”
Sirone blinked after checking Omega’s records.
“But why can’t I remember? No, the fact that Oparts existed before that means Mika actually existed, right?”
“That’s the problem. The accepted theory is that it sank in the South Pacific Ocean, but over time, the remains have been scattered all over the sea. There are over 70 of them just from what I’ve checked. However, the historic sites have common characteristics.”
“What about the characteristics?”
“There is no sign that humans or creatures have ever lived there.”
Silence passed.
“What are you talking about? Opartz said, “Yes, it is an artificial product. Things with skills such as space jumps and magnetic field shields can’t arise spontaneously. Traces of civilization remain even in the ruins. But no one was there.”
“It’s a really strange thing. Creating something is possible only when there is a subject. But Mika is the opposite. There are civilizations, grounds, and tools, but there is no subject.”
“It is outside of causality… …
Suddenly, the fish living in the aquarium came to mind.
‘A fish just swims in its own world. But if a human drops a ring in an aquarium… …
Wouldn’t the ring be regarded as an artificial artifact without a subject to the fish?
‘Then, even if the fish has the omega of the aquarium, you can’t know the ring.’
Kaios continued.
“The reason I lost interest in ultra-ancient civilizations is that in the end everything was what it looked like. Because there was no subject who enjoyed civilization, it was impossible to exercise any imagination.”
“What about oparts?”
“It’s hard to say anything about that. It must be a tool with obvious uses, but I couldn’t figure out how to use it. In a word, I can’t even get a sense of what it’s used for.”
Poine intervened.
“If the universe is the limit for the intelligence of living things, I think that concepts that do not exist in the universe should be incorporated. All 12 apostles tried, but ultimately failed.”
Sirone turned to Jakra.
“But did you use it? No, how were you so sure that space jumps were the function of the Oparts before that?”
“It’s electricity.”
said Caios.
“An object without a subject has no choice but to be interpreted as it is. The only conclusion I came to after acquiring Oparts was that a weak electricity was flowing.”
Sirone listened again.
“It was amazing. An object that is more than 2 billion years old is still not discharged. So I tried to dig deep into that part… …
“I did?”
“It is gone.”
“what? Oparts?”
“I do not know. It could be the missing parts, but maybe it’s my memories.”
Poine’s eyes were locked in darkness.
“Messiah, we don’t know about oparts. We only know that it is a tool that uses electricity. If you try to go beyond that, we have confirmed that the Balaur’s mental network suffers serious damage.”
Kaios took the word.
“It is assumed to be a strong magnetic field. Of course, it could be that the oparts really disappeared, but the feeling at the time was very different. It is a phenomenon in which the brain rejects sensations as if they did not exist in the first place.” Poine said.
“When that happened repeatedly, Kara Torsa banned the investigation into the Oparts. Because it could damage the log of Omega that he protects, and relics from 2 billion years ago are not that important to the apostle of time who protects human history.”
Sirone asked.
“What do you look like? I mean oparts.”
“There are many types, but the shape itself is not special. There are things like cubes, and things like trays. Of course, the use will be completely different from what we thought.”
“Hmm, can I get one?”
“Why is that?”
“I couldn’t figure it out with the dragon’s intelligence, but I wonder if it would be different with human insight.”
And Sirone knew a man whose insight into form had reached the pinnacle of humanity.
‘Arin.’
Her menarche without prejudice penetrates the true meaning of the shape of all things.
‘I’m going to be exploring the archaeological site with Canis. I need to figure out the location first.’
Through a coincidence, Sirone asked Lampa where Canis was, and continued.
“Anyway, I actually used an opart called Zak. Even without knowing the function properly.”
Poine turned to Jakra.
“Then why not listen to it yourself? If you leave it to me, I will make you open your mouth in two hours.” Sirone put on a puzzled expression.
“Seeing that you don’t have the will to speak out, it seems like you really don’t know. Being in a state of confinement is a fear that humans cannot bear. I’ll be arriving in Dionas tomorrow anyway, so I think it’s quicker to ask Kalt.”
Poine smiled benevolently.
“You pretend to be cheated.”
That night.
“Aaaaaa! Aaaaaa!”
A piercing scream pierced the deck of the Arachne sailboat.
And when the promised two hours were almost over, for the first time I heard someone’s words that weren’t screaming.
“I don’t know! I really don’t know!”
Poine pulled Jakra’s head, which was sweating enough to cause dehydration.
“Hoho, yes. I don’t know. So, shall we start over from there? this time… …
Jakra burst into tears.
“I really don’t know! bro knows! Because it’s true! I don’t even remember!”
“Don’t belittle yourself too much. you are a smart person You will soon remember.”
“Really… … . put something My brother put something in me, in my head. I don’t remember after that. I just don’t know! Damn you!”
Poine’s gaze grew cold.
‘It seems to be true.’
If, as Sirone thinks, the magnetic field of Opatsu is the type that affects humans as well… … .
“Hold on for another two hours. If you can say the same thing then, I will believe you.”
“No, wait. Hey, this crazy… … Ughhh!” The screams heard throughout the evening disappeared, and it was dawn when everyone fell into a deep sleep.
Sirone went to the deck alone and looked up at the stars.
‘What is there?’
No, maybe the answer humanity needs to find is essentially different.
‘Why is it there?’
I felt popular.
When I turned my head, Rangi, still wet, approached me in a gown.
“Rangi-san, didn’t you sleep?”
“No, I woke up. I’m on my way to eat breakfast, exercise, and just wash up.”
I looked at the stars and it was 5 in the morning.
“You have something important, Dionas, eh? That’s why I’m trying to negotiate with the king.”
Sirone was speechless.
“I will go to Kalt. I had no choice but to go anyway, but I didn’t feel good. But it’s fine now. If it can at least be of some help to Mr. Sirone… …
Rangi frowned.
“What is that smile? I’m sincere. He said he would go for Mr. Sirone.”
“No need to worry. Nothing will happen to Mr. Rangi.”
Sirone looked at the dawning horizon.
‘It doesn’t matter what it is.’
Whatever lies across the sea, just do what you can at this moment.
‘Only that…’ …
Because it must be the reason we exist.
“Ah, over there.”
The golden land glittered brightly at the place where Rangi pointed with an ecstatic expression.
It was Dionas, the country of pirates.

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-1023.txt
=============YYYYY=============
Electric Civilization (4)
I saw a lot of firearms installed along the coast of Dionas Kingdom.
There was a castle beyond the thick forest like a jungle, and colorful birds flew in the sky.
Sirone, who was on the Arachne sailboat, first of all forbade the refugees from approaching.
“There may be artillery fire. Wait here for now, and I will go up to the land.”
Then the sound of cannons exploded.
Sirone and the others looked back, but what they shot into the sky was a firecracker filled with confetti.
Then, frivolous music sounded and a speedboat quickly approached.
“stop!”
Arachne’s Knights boarded the speedboat and returned after talking with the pirates.
“Kalt, the king of Dionas, has sent a welcome letter. He says he will take you to the royal castle.”
Cairns, having read the notice, crumpled the paper.
“joy! Shameless. You sent your younger brother to attack us, so now you’re letting him in?”
Sirone said.
“Maybe he thought fighting on the sea was his only chance. Anyway we’ll go. What would Arachne do?”
“… … Of course you should go. But the sailboat won’t dock. You don’t know the tricks of the enemy, but you can’t go looking for them with treasure.”
Thus, a small team was formed, consisting of Cairns and an attendant, a Sirone and an apostle.
“I will go too.”
Rangi intervened.
“Please let me go with you. It will help. After all, first impressions are important.”
“You?”
In a sense, it was the most important tribute in the negotiations, and Cairns was displeased.
“This is the enemy camp. If you are in danger, you may be at a disadvantage in diplomatic warfare.”
“But I don’t think it’s more comfortable here. The safest place is… …
Rangi hugged Sirone’s arm.
“Couldn’t it be right here?” Cairns put on a blank expression, but couldn’t think of anything to refute.
“Are you okay?”
Sirone knew why she was willing to take the risk to follow.
‘To help me.’
There was also a point in saying that ships were more dangerous in the case of Rangi.
“Let’s go together. After all, Jacques is in our hands. I don’t know how much the hostages will be worth.”
A total of 11 people boarded Dionas’ speedboat and landed.
As I traversed the jungle, I saw a complicated path made of plywood between the trees.
There were innumerable small guardhouses, and a murderous spirit that could not be hidden came out in them.
Poine smiled.
“Their hostility is embarrassing. Of course, even if I hid it, they would have noticed.”
Because the road was rough, Rangi and Cairns reached the castle several times with the help of magic.
“Is this royal castle?”
It was a brick building that would have been popular only 300 years ago, and the scale was the size of a monastery in the central continent.
“Your Highness is a simple person. You pursue the remote island without any desire for money or power.”
Poine laughed at the Shinigami’s explanation.
“A human like that ordered me to kidnap a flower-like maiden? Hunger, what does the pirate’s words mean?”
“Do not insult Your Highness. If you recklessly try to read his thoughts, you will not be able to avoid his death.”
The feeling that it was not a lie could be seen even by looking at Jakra who was terrified.
When the gate was opened, pirates lined up along the red carpet.
It was certainly an attempt worthy of a subordinate of a pirate, but Sirone paid attention to the person in front of him.
“Kalt.”
A man with scattered red hair greeted them with his palms exposed.
“Travelers to the Holy Land of Peace, welcome.”
Whereas normal people use whole-tone intonations, Kalt’s intonations were mostly semitones.
“Don’t worry about anything. As long as I am, nothing can harm you.”
Its queer accent was obnoxious, artistic, and scum.
“I am the Five Stars of the Ivory Tower.” Sirone came out.
“Your younger brother, Jakra, attacked our vessel. You will have to explain properly.”
Kalt looked at his brother with a nonchalant gaze.
“You wouldn’t say that you don’t know, would you? This guy confessed everything last night.”
“town! town!”
Jacques, who even broke the technique of his mind and shook his head, was already out of his mind.
“Yes, I sent my brother. Rangi, her soul mate, to greet her.”
Kalt put his hand on his chest and lowered his head.
“I am grateful to you for bringing me here. You are still beautiful, Rangi.”
Rangi felt electricity go through his body.
“Oh, come to think of it, you trimmed your bangs. About two centimeters, no, about two and a half centimeters.”
If you’re a sensitive guy, it’s not like you hate Rangi, but if that’s too much… … .
“Eyelashes. The thirteenth eyelash is bent by about 0.7 degrees. Where did the fluff that was 7.3 centimeters above your wrist go? It’s my favorite hair.” It’s a mental vomit.
“There is no need to be afraid. ‘Cause I won’t touch you No, you don’t have to touch it.”
Kalt’s eyelids began to tremble.
“Because you already feel it.”
He let out a groan as if slowly crawling out, and continued with his saliva.
“Everything is felt. Your body, your reactions, even your thoughts… … . Alas, I have just become one with you. integrated. It feels great.” Rangi’s face was tearful.
‘no. I hate to die.’
I wanted to grab Sirone right now and scream that I couldn’t live with this person.
“It’s called integration.”
Sirone asked with a serious expression.
“What are you?”
Rangi’s ability to see through anything can be explained by the effect of the electromagnetic field.
And it reminded me of the concept of a special sense that Sirone knew.
‘Ultima system.’
The obsession will be electricity.
In fact, wasn’t the Ultima System accepted by Babel also in the form of electricity?
‘If the universe was born from electricity, it is no wonder that the endgame is electricity.’
One of a kind first.
“Who am I?”
said Kalt.
“Those who feel the waves of the whole world. oh nothing He could be a god or just manure.”
Sirone was convinced.
‘A state similar to when Babel absorbed the Ultima System. It is impossible to explain with only the five senses… …
You can feel it.
If that huge feeling had dominated him for more than ten years, it was understandable that he was insane.
“You don’t seem to know, so I’ll tell you. Kalt, you’re sick. You need to get treatment.”
“therapy? You say I’m sick?”
“okay. It must be because of the oparts. I don’t know how you got it, but that’s what made you this way. I will help you. now that… … where are you?”
I meant it sincerely.
It was also the reason why Kalt, who had not listened to anyone until now, remained silent.
“I’m sick… …
It wasn’t Sirone’s voice, but the sensation felt as a wave conveyed the truth.
The pirates raised their weapons.
“majesty! Don’t be fooled! These guys are trying to take the oparts from us!”
In fact, they had never seen Oparts.
It’s just that everything has been going well since Kalt’s personality changed 13 years ago.
“Oparts? Oh, and Mika.”
Kalt held out his hand toward the air with a vague gaze.
“It’s a beautiful place. can you see I am here now too. It floats around in this air.”
He came to his senses and looked back at Sirone.
“Do you want to see it? Shall I show it to you too?” This time, Poine dried it.
“Messiah, this is dangerous. You shouldn’t act before you’ve thoroughly analyzed it.”
It made sense, but Sirone’s frequency was already resonating with Kalt.
“You can go, Mikae?”
“No, I am not going. they are calling Yes, it definitely feels like being called.”
‘It’s them.’
Words spoken with the 5th sense may be completely new at the 11th sense level, but… … .
“good. I will have to see for myself.”
He thought there was no reason why he couldn’t go where Kalt had gone.
“Come this way.”
As Kalt squeezed his temples, blue electricity began to swirl in his eyes.
After a while, he stuck out his tongue, and there was a thin rectangular metal plate on top.
“what?”
Arachne’s officials whispered, but Sirone didn’t look particularly surprised.
‘Creatures cannot create machines. Hence the quantum phenomenon. Maybe Carltne…’
Couldn’t it have already become Oparts?
“Messiah, this is really dangerous. Please refrain from implanting foreign substances into the body.”
“are you okay. Anyway, it’s a material made with the 5 senses. I will be able to control it.”
Sirone looked at the metal plate Kalt handed over and asked.
“What should I do now?”
“I don’t know. just what… … Can I put it on my head? I did the same to my subordinates.”
Sirone pressed the chip behind his ear.
‘I can’t go in.’
After all, it means that you have to pierce the bone, but can you really call that a function?
“are you okay. trust me.”
Kalt’s hazy eyes weakened his confidence, but Sirone gave strength to his fingers.
“Huh!”
Did it really pierce the bone?
That didn’t happen, but electricity flowed through the metal plate and penetrated Sirone’s mind.
“Huh!”
Blue eyes flashed in Sirone’s eyes as he raised his head, and a magnetic field enveloped him.
“Messiah!”
Caios and Poine, who had been blown away, felt a familiar shock and frowned.
“Big!” The feeling that your brain is burning.
If they went further, their memories would be damaged, but the two apostles held out their hands to the end.
“Me…… Shi…… Ah… Just before Kaios’ hand wrapped in electricity touches Sirone, Kalt murmured.
“Meet them.”
“Aaaaaaa!”
The moment the two apostles gave their lives, Sirone’s body disappeared in an instant.
“where? Where did you go?”
Kaios aimed his sword at Kalt with his eyes closed and frowning.
“This is the first and last chance. Where did the Messiah go? If you don’t want to die, you’ll have to tell me.”
“well.”
For some reason, Kalt had a sullen expression.
“maybe… … The terrible truth.”
Super ancient civilization Mika.
“Huh! Huh!”
Sirone waited until the blue color that seemed to cover her retinas disappeared.
When I opened my eyes, I looked around.
“Mika.”
The reason I could be sure was that it was different from any other area in Omega.
The terraced city had numerous buildings standing like a real civilization.
‘It’s not civilization.’ However, when I entered the building, I could not find any trace of someone living there.
‘This… … It’s a kind of device.’
The whole city felt like a machine built for one purpose.
Arriving at the center, curved horn-like towers stand side by side at a height of 20 meters.
“… … I don’t know.”
There were letters engraved along the tower, but none of them could be deciphered.
‘The Ultima system doesn’t work.’ The conclusion that it is a signal that does not exist in the universe
In front of static evidence, Sirone shuddered.
‘If there is a world outside… …
The closest imagining would be a higher layer implemented based on the cowardice mechanism.
‘Actually, that doesn’t make any sense.’
It is because the end of imagination is reality after all, if you try to go down endlessly based on reality.
‘Nobody knows until he goes there himself.’
Sirone took a deep breath.
‘Calm down. It doesn’t matter what goes there. What really matters is… …
why does it exist
“huh?”
Like a distant memory, the city shook and electricity began to flow through the ground.
“Keugh!”
As I felt the current and clench my teeth, an opaque curtain spread between the two towers.
A huge pupil was watching Sirone from behind the curtain.
continues in the next volume

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-1024.txt
=============YYYYY=============
Circulating world (1)
Sirone stared at the huge eyes that floated between the gates of the Maika ruins.
It was hidden by an opaque veil, but it definitely looked like snow, and it looked like a living creature.
“Who are you?”
There was no answer, but it occurred to me that I might not be able to communicate.
As she walked from the gate to the side, to her surprise, her pupils followed Sirone.
‘Looking at me.’
If it were an existence from the outside world, all the truths that mankind has known so far would be broken.
“You know I’m here. Anything is fine, so show me the proof.”
Just because the gate of a super-ancient civilization has been opened does not prove that it is the outside world.
‘You have to listen to it yourself. No, even if it’s anything other than sound, something that can serve as evidence.’
It is meaningless unless something more than a mechanical response emerges from the inside of the gate.
At that moment, the eyes blinked.
It may or may not have been a special signal, but Sirone asked with anticipation.
“Is that the outside world? If there’s a reason you can’t speak, blink your eyelids twice.”
There was no reaction.
No matter how convincing he was, the pupils seemed to be carrying out activities separate from Shirone’s existence.
Sirone was angry at the situation where she couldn’t move forward with the last truth in front of her.
“tell me. why do we exist? where did you come from and where are you going
going to be?” Looking at his indifferent eyes, I wondered if he hadn’t even been interested in it in the first place.
‘I can’t give up.’
Sirone tried every one of the methods that immediately came to mind.
The result is a catastrophic failure.
Sirone, who failed to get any meaningful response, reached mental exhaustion.
“difficult.”
Perhaps everything Sirone tried was a simple one for the pupil.
‘Whatever the worm does, to the human eye it is just wriggling:
Sitting down in her seat, Sirone looked around at the Mica ruins with no trace of people.
‘It’s a lonely place.’
The feeling that there was truly nothing seemed to be evidence of God’s indifference.
‘There was a god with a heart.’
Shirone, who was lost in her memories for a moment, asked her eyes with a bitter smile.
“Is the guffin there?” I just missed it, didn’t expect anything.
“McLean Guffin. it’s my dad I hope you are doing well. miss you.”
At that moment, his eyes blinked twice for the first time.
“huh?”
Sirone jumped up at the epoch-making change that occurred for the first time after coming here.
“Did you just answer? If you know anything… … !”
As her eyes disappeared outside the curtain before she could finish her words, Sirone bit her lip.
‘Come back. I mean come back.’
It may not have been that Sirone’s feelings were conveyed, but the pupils reappeared.
talent… … !
When a powerful high frequency sound exploded, Sirone frowned and stepped back while bending her waist.
“Keugh!”
It seemed to be trying to convey something, but even with the Ultima system, it was impossible to decipher it at all.
‘Let’s not understand.’
Even the tiniest fragment of the signal from the eyes would transcend Nane’s sermon.
Emotions close to interrogative were conveyed, and after a while, the high frequency returned to stability.
“God’s party.”
Sirone’s eyes widened.
‘It makes sense.’
It’s information coming in reverse like Giyorgi did, but it was definitely the protocol of this world.
“… … Prohibited silverfinger inraclemac.”
The moment she heard that, a tremendous roar exploded and blew away Sirone’s spirit.
‘no! It can’t end here… … !’
I tried to hold on somehow, but the entire ruins of My Car were scattered with dust.
“Kuk!”
When Sirone returned to reality surrounded by a magnetic field, Poine came running.
“Messiah! Are you all right!”
“Huh! Huh!”
Not even recognizing the fact that it was real, Sirone reviewed the situation from a moment ago.
“I heard you.”
“yes? what is that… …
Nothing had been sorted out yet, but the shock at the time was vivid in my memory.
“I was trying to convey something to me.”
While Poine and Caios did not understand, Kalt’s voice was heard.
“… … is it.”
When Sirone raised his head, Kalt leaned back in his chair with an enchanted expression.
“What happened?”
The back of the chair where Kalt was sitting was splattered with brain water and blood.
Poine said.
“My head exploded. Soon after that, the Messiah appeared again.”
When Sirone climbed the stairs and arrived in front of Kalt, her dying gaze moved slowly.
“Those eyes… … Did I talk to you?”
There is a question that has plagued him endlessly ever since he gained love through Oparts.
What is it?
“Kalt.”
Sirone felt a sense of kinship.
Although I don’t know his philosophy or thoughts, the emotion felt through the electric field was one.
‘Where do we come from?’
Maybe from the moment I opened the Spirit Zone, I ran only to find the answer?
‘I’m angry.’
That we don’t know who we are, even while we live, eat, sleep, and reproduce day by day.
‘Humans, mankind… …
The fact is that I can’t stand it.
“I’m glad though. so I can check before I die. No, dying isn’t even funny.”
The liveliness in Kalt’s eyes cooled.
“I am… … Did I really live in this world?”
It was a will.
Sirone buried the fact that he was a pirate for a while and closed Kalt’s eyelids.
‘It was a dangerous journey.’
The fact that Kalt’s brain was blown away when he was forcibly cut off from the information of the super ancient civilization… … .
‘What if it was me?’
It wouldn’t have been easy, but it was something you couldn’t guarantee against the outside world.
‘I have to find it myself.’
There was a need for a way to access safely without being dominated by Oparts.
“Bro bro.”
Jakra, who had been released from confinement, approached Kalt with an expression of disbelief.
“Are you really dead?”
Returning to the back of the chair, he even confirmed that his head had been blown off, and raised his hands.
“Hahahaha! Brother is dead! It’s over now! From today, I am the King of Dionas!”
Other pirates also joined.
“shit! I thought I was dying of frustration! You talk nonsense every day!”
Kaios, who was watching the scene, asked.
“What should I do?”
“Once everything is arrested… … remain
take care of it.”
Hearing Sirone’s words, Jakra pressed his temples to reveal his intention to kill.
“haha! It’s already too late! my ability… … huh?”
Other pirates repeated the same thing as Jakra, but the space jump didn’t work.
“The only Oparts was Kalt. As long as his awareness is gone, you guys are just normal humans.”
While the pirates stiffened with blank expressions, Sirone said to Cairns.
“Let the refugees in. Other diplomatic procedures will be dedicated. And Mr. Rangi… …
Sensitive Cairns lowered his head.
“Nothing will happen. If she wishes, she will be repatriated right away to her country of origin.”
Is the range a problem?
It was a great opportunity for Arachne if she could exercise all of Dionas’ authority.
‘Of course, in the temple, it will be a debt… …
After all, that’s what politics is.
When Sirone ran past the pirates, Poine trotted after him.
“Messiah, what shall we do?”
“first… … How about taking a little break?”
They were the ones who did not have a comfortable day while protecting 20,000 refugees.
“Good judgment. But, what’s next?”
“You have to do what you can.”
The discovery of evidence from the outside world does not change today’s affairs.
“I’d be lying if I said I wasn’t disturbed. But one day we too will find the ultimate answer. and… …
Sirone looked back at Poine.
“In order for that day to come, shouldn’t we live first? Every day, do your best.”
You can live like that again.
“okay.”
Realizing that the heart of philanthropy was still in the world, Poine smiled in relief.
moon face.
Nane looked down at the human planet.
‘Looking down?’ The direction would be meaningless on the moon floating in space, but it was actually like that.
“What is important?”
If you look at it from the moon, even the tragedy on that blue planet seems like someone else’s business… … .
“Why should I suffer?” My heart hurt even more.
“Buddha.”
Shura saw the sword of the sermon, tightly packed in a radius of 100 meters, shake.
“It’s getting dangerous.” Since it is a sermon that provides an environment for living things to live in space, it would be disastrous if it was destroyed.
The scream broke through the intangible barrier.
“Kiaaa! Kiaaa!”
The cosmic creature ‘Destura’, made up of a mental body, was attracted to Nane’s thoughts.
“Kurrrr! wealth… … wife!”
A sickle-like hand pierced the barrier, and golden electricity spread like a crack.
“Is the universe rejecting me?”
Being materialized through the thoughts of others, Stura was the main culprit in preventing humanity from escaping the planet.
Watching the monster gradually infiltrate the barrier, Shura swallowed.
‘When a certain thought recognizes the universe, they come without a doubt. A truly terrible race.’
According to her investigation, even the dragon that tried to escape the planet 600 years ago was caught by Destura and crashed into pieces.
“Kuaaa! Aagh!”
Air escaped through the cracks as the gigantic monster shoved its upper body into the barrier.
“I will stop you.”
Just when Shura crossed her hands and was about to demonstrate her Gestalt ability, Nane said.
“A guest is coming.” Shura looked back toward the planet, maintaining his posture.
“??????what?”
Something red-hot was coming towards the moon, like when a meteorite breaks through the atmosphere.
‘Even just escaping the planet’s gravity would be difficult.’
Shura, who watched a little more, sighed after realizing the identity of the one engulfed in flames.
“Haa, I mean…
Son Yu-jeong, the incarnation of a stone monkey, was coming, stretching her burial clothes in the ground to infinity.
She landed attracted by the moon’s gravity
He lowered his yeoui-bong and spat out ferociously.
“Finally found. be sick.”
Understanding from the shape of her mouth, Nane smiled.
“If you’re the granddaughter of the Thunderbolt, it wouldn’t be strange to climb the moon… …
The Desturas who were aiming for Buddha changed their goals and started approaching her.
“Do you know where this is?”
Burning like hot iron, she inspected the monster and took out another woman’s clothing.
The other day, Lian had split it in two, but it was like two because the length could be adjusted.
Nana smiled.
“This Gonryu?”
Son Yu-jeong, with clubs hanging down in both hands, muttered as she tilted her head crookedly.
“Something like beggars… …
The moment De Stura, 8 meters in height, raises both arms from the surface of the lunar surface.
“Kiyiyi!”
A hand oil well emanating a golden glow from its eyes protruded, revealing the monkey’s fangs.
In the near-vacuum silence, the two female doctors frantically beat Destura.
started to hear

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-1025.txt
=============YYYYY=============
The Circulating World (2)
Destura let out a scream.
u | n
It must be a voice organ to threaten living things, but it was useless in space.
‘What are all these things?’
Destura, combined with Nane’s thoughts, has the shape of an upside-down human when viewed from above.
It felt as if the joints of the whole body were bent in reverse, and it was a terrifying form just to capture it in the eyes.
‘Surprisingly strong?’
However, in Son Yu-jeong’s field of vision looking up from below, there was only a terrible monster resembling a bug.
‘then… …
Son Yoo-jeong, who heated her body, flew through outer space spraying flames like a jet.
Nane’s eyes sparkled.
‘It’s dark.’
It was a new feeling to see the stone monkey’s skills that once disturbed the heavens.
Destura’s flesh burst every time she swung her sword, but the sound was muted, so there was no sense of reality.
Finally, when Destura disappeared as a thought body, Son Yu-jeong stretched out two sacks of women’s clothing.
“Whoa!”
Smoke billowed endlessly from her mouth, as if burning firewood.
Son Yu-jeong walked slowly through the clouds blocking Nane’s view.
As soon as the sermon broke through the barrier, the body that had been heated like molten iron quickly cooled.
you said
“Thank you for solving the trouble. But, what is a monkey who can’t stand boredom going to do on a silent moon?”
Son Yoo-jeong aimed at Yeoui.
“You know everything, right? I am different from my grandfather. I will live my life doing what I want to do.”
Shura made a hand sign.
“Son Yu-jeong, withdraw your hostility. No matter how immature you are, dissolute behavior in front of Buddha is unacceptable.”
“Shura.”
Son Yoo-jeong frowned.
“So do you. Mortasinger was captured. Are you going to just watch as a member of the same denomination’?”
“The Ten Commandments… …
A moment of longing passed Shura’s eyes.
“It was disrupted. After Veron left, there is no leader who will lead us.”
“The one who killed that Amita was the Buddha. But you’re saying you’ll be by his side?”
Shura kept her mouth shut.
‘ Baron… …
I told her to go find Sirone.
‘I can’t do that yet.’
The reason why I couldn’t follow the will is because I still don’t know ‘how to live’.
‘In a world full of lies, trapped in nothingness,
What is the meaning of living?’
Until she realized the secrets of this world, she would not leave the Buddha’s side.
“joy! What does the Thunderbark know? You are just annoyed that your friend was arrested!”
It was true.
“Yeah, that has nothing to do with me. But the Buddha has business. So Shura.”
Son Yu-jeong’s eyes shone golden.
“When it dries, it beats off.” Hwaan Geumjeong.
Shura’s Gestalt was useless if it were an eye that could see the truth of all things.
‘Yes, it would be nice to meet your great-grandfather.’
In the first place, hanging out with Mortasinger is far from realization.
Even so, since he had all the good things in the world, Shura felt sick to his stomach.
you asked
“So, what do you want from me?”
“You know how to get to hell, right? let me go I will get my friend back.”
“Hell… …
I know, of course, but it took time to teach Bakji’s enlightenment to the monkey.
“Going is not a problem. It depends on what kind of hell you want to go to.”
“What are you talking about?”
Son Yoo-jung hated things that could only be known by thinking.
“When you shoulder unbearable karma in reality, hell will call you. So decide.”
On the left and right of Nane, a sword spewing frost and a sword burning in flames were born.
“Eight cold hell or eight heat hell? Poison death hell would be good, bankruptcy hell would be good too. If that’s not the case… … Behind Nane, numerous swords spread out like fans, emitting five colors.
“You may tell me where you want.” the moon shook
An incarnation so gigantic that it will affect the human planet, but it is impossible to even think of it.
“Tathagata.”
The afterimage of Buddha rising from beyond the lunar horizon seemed to be at the end of the universe.
A mischievous look appeared on Son Yoo-jeong’s face as she pursed her lips and watched with a blank expression.
“ha ha ha! So you’re going to drop me into hell. Alright, I’ll accept the match!”
Shura’s eyes widened.
‘That crazy monkey.’
It must have been an innate mental illness to fight even after seeing the pan-cosmic stage.
‘But the Tathagata.’
Son Yoo-jung’s force, which brought out Nane’s sincerity, was clearly not at a level that could be ignored.
“Big!”
Son Yu-jeong, who lowered her posture and twisted her waist, heated up her inorganic body.
“come.”
The moment the corner of Nane’s mouth lifted, her jet exploded with sparks in her eyes.
“Kiaaaaa!”
The elongated Yeouibong drew a trail of fire, and a sermon rushed in from the end of the universe.
behind the world.
After escaping from the Valley of Wailing, Etella and Chagall roamed Hell to find their village.
‘It’s too wide.’
In reality, if you walked more than 700 km, it was normal if something came out.
“Kuk!”
A tree branch brushed past Ethella’s arm as she walked, lost in thought.
Everything in the forest was made of iron, so it was as good as being cut by a blade.
“You’re annoying me.”
Chagall, feeling the same pain through the chain, strode towards Etella.
“Are you not in your right mind? If you’re going to die, you’ll die alone. Don’t let me get involved.” Chagall’s nerves were also extremely sensitive.
“sorry. But even after walking for days, you can’t see anything like a village. I have to think.”
“why me? You’re the only one trembling here. I’m just watching. The way you suffer from not being able to achieve what you want.”
“Do it in moderation! You fought enough to fight! How long are you going to bite me!”
“forever.”
Chagall gave a fishy smile.
“You think I hate you? you’re welcome. Compared to reality, this is paradise. at least you are real So keep crying. Please please me more.”
“… … You are trash.”
Ethella despaired.
“Trash without any sympathy. I should have ignored you from the start. Even if it’s not me, there are plenty of people who will take care of the garbage!”
Chagall, who raised his eyes in anger, pulled Ethella away and forced her to kiss her.
“don’t do it!”
Ethella, losing her temper, pushed Chagall away and landed a powerful blow to the jaw.
The chains rattled, and the two men who received the same shock fell simultaneously.
“Aww… …
Chagall, who was properly hit by the Yin-Yang Wave Fist, turned over with difficulty and shook his shoulders.
“Kick Kick! Kick kick kick kick!”
There was only laughter.
“E-hehehe]! driving me crazy! Oh, how crazy I am!”
On the other hand, Ethella trembled in misery and held back the tears that flowed.
‘Why me… …
than up.
Even knowing that, I hated the reality of being with this man.
‘Let’s wait. I’ll overcome it.’
Thinking of Jin Seong-eum’s pain, what had happened to him also comforted him a little.
Ethella stood up and said.
“Both of us are too sensitive. take a little break You don’t want to be hurt by demons either.”
It was a word he said while controlling his mind superhumanly, but Chagall was not in his right mind.
“Kick-kick-kick! Aaah, people are going crazy! Ha ha ha ha!”
Ethella, who had been watching with an angry expression, lay on the floor and turned her back coldly.
‘I shouldn’t be with the other person.’
how much time has passed
‘huh?’
Realizing that she was sleeping, Ethella hurriedly got up.
‘ what?’
Realizing that the scenery was completely different from the place she had fallen asleep, she looked around.
It was a place with soft soil, and even a small Ongdalsaem could be seen 10 meters ahead.
‘Water, water.’
I wouldn’t die if I didn’t drink, but the pain of dehydration was no different from reality.
As I crawled there, Chagall, sitting near the water’s edge, held a handful of soil to his nose.
“… … did you bring me?” Chagall was silent for a long time, and opened his mouth only after shaking off the dirt from his hands.
“I only moved because I smelled the water. My throat was burning and I was on the verge of going crazy.”
I was so dehydrated that even my memory was hazy.
‘How is there water in hell?’ The thought lasted for a moment, and Ethella plunged her lips into the water as if possessed by something of hers.
Gulp.
It sounded so cool that even those who heard it ran down their necks.
“ha! ha!”
When my mind came back clear, I finally had time to think about the next thing.
“Where is this?”
“I don’t know. Do you know that you’ve been wandering in the Iron Forest? It must be because there is a disorienting magnetic field.”
“No, why now… …
Realizing that there was no point in arguing, Ethella swallowed her words and sighed.
“Keep talking.”
Chagall stood up.
“If you are here, you can get some information. There is water, and it smells like a corpse. Perhaps this is an artificial place created using corpses. Otherwise there wouldn’t be such a cozy place in hell.”
There was a point in what he said.
‘But who? If there were any beings in hell who needed water, except for the living body, when the bushes swayed at that moment, Ethella stopped thinking and quickly turned her head.
A human voice was heard.
“What, who is there?” Plants that do not exist in reality, a group of groups appeared from a thicket that looked like animal remains.
All of them had a stern impression, and their prayers were unique, befitting the name Hell.
The one-eyed man widened his one eye.
“female? It is a woman.”
It was also an innocent atmosphere that did not match the dark hell where fallen souls gather.
“What are you guys?”
Chagall asked while sitting, but the seven assailants did not even pretend to hear.
“These have chains. These are the guys who got caught up. Let’s see what bullshit
While doing… …
The man with the tongue split vertically lifted the chain and looked back and forth at Chagall and Etella.
“Oh, isn’t it a chain of fate?”
A riot broke out.
“It’s exciting. Hey, what are you guys up to? What did you do? is it cheating? Or close relatives?”
Chagall stood up.
“I don’t know what they are doing, but get out of here. I will take over this place from now on.”
“Aigoo, is that so? These vulgar perverts. do you know who we are A serial killer who once ruled the world, man. They are really scary.” The man who came behind me without even a sign
He brought the hatchet to the scruff of Chagall’s neck.
“Don’t move. If you drop your head, you will be ignorant of the rest of your life in hell.”
With the two besieging Chagall, the remnant approached Ethella.
“Are you beautiful? I must have been bewitched by a man before I was alive. It’s too much to use as food.”
Etella backed away, but the chains attached to Chagall prevented her from gaining distance.
“stop.”
Chagall said.
“The moment you touch her, you die.”
I got goosebumps even when he said it, but Etela’s pain was his own.
“Puhahaha! Are you affectionate? Even if you fall into hell, love will protect you, right?”
The man holding Chagall from behind threatened him by tapping his neck with an axe.
“Don’t get me wrong, man. you are the worst So it fell here.”
‘Tak-tak, tak-tak.’
Chagall, who memorized the rhythm of hitting the neck with his body, created a dagger in his right hand.
‘A quick-fire sword.’
As I pierced Oneku’s neck at great speed, I heard a pick and the sound of wind cutting.
“……uh?”
Only after blood spurted from the stuck blade did the killers understand the situation.
“You son of a bitch!”
Chagall, who bent his upper body at the speed of the axe, twisted his body and held out his left hand.
“Yup!”
At the same time as grabbing the man’s neck, the rapid-fire sword in his right hand reciprocated rapidly.
Pupper pupper puck!
It looked like a vibration, and blood and intestines poured out at the same time from the abdomen where 17 blades were stuck.
“Turn it off… …
“What, a serial killer?”
As the man rolled his eyes and collapsed, Chagall turned around with a new dagger in his hand.
“Then, who wants to die?” The forest was silent.

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-1026.txt
=============YYYYY=============
Rotating world (3)
The remaining five were instinctively aware of Chagall’s speedy killing technique.
“Get ready.”
Scattered around Etella, each of them took out their own weapons and revealed their will to live.
“They are like us.”
“confederate?”
Chagall’s eyebrows twitched.
I don’t think I’m more noble than them, but there was a law that there was a class in killing skills.
“I don’t mix anywhere. Leave the goosebumps aside and only attack the dead.”
“At one time we thought so too.” A pot-bellied man with no pigtails approached, wrapping steel wire around his palm several times.
“I don’t know what era you’re from, but this is hell. A society where guys like us are law-abiding citizens. If you hold on with a small amount of pride, you will be baptized by fierce victors.”
“Black sorghum?”
The pot-bellied laughed.
“You don’t know anything either. I’ll slowly teach you the horrors of hell. Have you ever heard of Edron the Strangler?” Chagall’s expression was indifferent, but Ethella looked back at the man with a surprised expression.
‘Strangler Edron. A murderer who brutally strangled 109 humans 180 years ago.’
Edron pulled the steel wire tight.
“It doesn’t matter. If you can choke a living thing. Of course, humans are the most fun. That expression with a long tongue sticking out and eyes rolling around. The action of struggling to live is driving me crazy.”
According to Etela’s memory, he was in prison.
He committed suicide by hanging himself on the 44th day.
“Human Slicer Aberio.”
The serious bucktoothed man said while moving a large cutter like a pair of scissors.
“I killed 287 people. Deconstruction is a hobby. Dismantling a human into 3,287 parts in the smallest unit of engineering and biological function is the best record in life. Might break the record today. For your information… …
The corners of his mouth went up wickedly.
“You don’t die easily in Hell.” The two killers whom Chagall stabbed with the rapid-fire sword were still wriggling.
“… … I’m sure you need some information.” I didn’t want to help Etella, but I felt bad about being victimized by something I didn’t know.
“Give me a chance. Raise your hand if you want to live Just one person, I’ll leave one person who can give me information.”
“Hehe, I knew that.”
A weasel-like man crouched like a mouse, holding a chain scythe.
“I don’t know where he used to eat, but the treatment of his seniors is F*cking shit. Know as misfortune. I’ll cut off your limbs and put them in a box. He will never be able to meet the Black Seung.”
“Senior.”
A haze shimmered around Chagall, and countless daggers fell like hailstones.
“Come on.” The killers were wary of unknown phenomena, but retreat from hell was an eternal fall.
“It’s joint work.”
The moment he finished speaking, the five killers kicked off the ground and charged Chagall.
The air trembled and dozens of rapid-fire swords moved as if they had life.
Before Ethella could even come forward, two killers fell with blades stuck in their bodies.
“Aaaaaa! Blood, blood!”
When all the blood in his body was pumped out, Chagall’s face was covered in blood again.
“I got it! Now!”
The dull Edron quickly rolled on the ground and hooked a steel wire around Chagall’s ankle.
Chagall didn’t even look up.
“Old fashioned.”
As he waved his wrist while holding the dagger, the shell of the rapid-fire sword pierced Edron’s back.
“100 million! 100 million! 100 million! 100 million!” Amidst the blood gushing out like a fountain, Averio rushed in with his cutter wide open.
“I’ll cut you off from there!”
The cutter that had approached the groin was gripped by the grip of the lever and closed with a clunk.
Aberio’s eyes flashed with doubt.
‘What makes it so hard?’
Chagall, who lowered his stance, was holding the fast-killing sword horizontally between the cutters.
“joy! Let’s see!”
Just as he was about to crush the iron, Chagall twisted his wrist 90 degrees and raised the dagger.
“Aww! My, my face!”
The blade hit his jaw, and Chagall hacked him to pieces with a deft hand.
With blades stuck in all vital points, Averio trembled without even falling down.
“uh? uh? Aaaaaa!”
Suddenly, his eyes widened and blood poured out in all directions like a balloon burst.
“senior? It’s just outdated style.”
As Chagall turned his bloodstained body around, the man with the scythe turned pale.
‘It’s a monster. What the hell is that?’
A murderer who terrorized a city would have his own skills.
‘That guy’s not on that level. A nationwide or kingdom-wide wanted man. perhaps… …
He may have been pursued by the whole world.
‘I don’t understand. Isn’t that kind of karma not another karma, but a chain of fate?’
Shouldn’t it be Blade Hell or Cauldron Hell for a murderer of that level?
‘Is that how important that woman is?’
As Chagall tried to approach, the man with the scythe aimed his weapon at Etella.
“stop! If it comes, it will kill the woman.” Chagall stopped her, but showed no concern for Ethella.
“Kill. If you can.”
“I am not kidding! I will kill you for real! If this woman dies, you won’t be safe either!”
“So kill me. Because I don’t care.”
“this… … !”
At the same time as the man with the scythe quickly turned around, Ethella threw herself away.
“Cheer up!”
The yin and yang wave fist beat the man’s belly like a drum, and blood poured from his mouth.
“Turn it off!”
Chagall put his foot on the back of the man who was suffering, clutching his stomach.
“Now tell me everything you know. If you don’t want to end up like those seniors.”
“cadet… … aww… …
The man only nodded his head in succession.
“Hmm, it’s a brutal victory.”
Chagall and Ethella, who had obtained a lot of information from the man with the scythe, had serious expressions on their faces.
“To sum it up, this is it.”
Ethella said.
“There is an organization called the Hwa Resources Management Corporation that manages hell. Humans who fall here are purified by hell fire, and are reborn as new demons.”
Chagall gave the information he needed.
“A purified demon can be killed. But, like these guys, those who have not yet entered hell fire, that is, fugitives, are not killed even if they are killed.” Avery wriggling with a cracked jaw
Looking at Oh, it seemed that Jeong-hwa would have been better.
“yes. And the existence that catches and purifies the fugitive is the black monk (black chain). Wouldn’t it be something like the grim reaper?”
Chagall asked the man.
“Hey, you. Have you ever actually seen the Black Seung?”
The man, who had more scars than before, opened his mouth with a frightened expression.
“Ah yes. I’ve never been victimized, but I’ve seen fugitives get caught. They’re awesome guys. It is full of black and shady energy. We must move fast too. Black Victory might come.”
“What do you look like?”
“That’s why it’s dark and shady… …
As Chagall silently raised the rapid-fire sword, the man wept as if he felt unfair.
“Really. I don’t even dare to go near it, so how do you know what it looks like? Once the black monk appears, they turn around and run. Please trust me.”
“good. by the way… …
More important matters than the Black Victory remained.
“I mean the fireworker. Didn’t you say that the Karma Management Department was keeping an eye on us?”
“I heard that.”
“And if we ask how much time we have left to do our karma, they will respond?”
“yes. I saw that myself. Oh no, should I say I heard it? Anyway, let me tell you in advance, it’s better not to listen. What a great time. The one I saw was 1,200 years old. He was half insane, killing and running around, I don’t know what happened to him now. Well, it probably hasn’t been cleaned up yet. They say people with leftover karma can neither die nor live like us.”
Chagall looked back at Ethella.
“How about you try it? How much time do we have left to be together?”
It is the law of a regretful person to dig a well, so Ethella raised her head to the sky.
‘please??????
I hope it’s time a person can handle.
“Are you still watching? How long before our karma is finished?”
“The time left until purification… … A businesslike voice came from the sky.
“87 years, circa 2,875 3,241 trillion 644.2 billion 8.9 million 7,109 hours left.” While no one could speak, the man with the scythe muttered with a dazed expression.
“What, what? What time is it?”
It was a desperate time to the point of tears even though it wasn’t the karma he was carrying.
Ethella dropped to her knees.
“Nonsense. How can this time come? What the hell did I do?”
the informator said.
“For reference, the purification time of the two of you has been confirmed to be the seventh longest in the history of the Underworld.”
Number one was Lucifer.
“Thank you for your strong feelings, and I will use the karma you sent me for good. It was Riona, the informator of the Hwa Resources Management Corporation who always strives.”
Chagall shook his shoulders.
“Hey, that’s funny. Hey, take it easy and sleep. Aren’t you supposed to live with me for an eternity?”
While Ethella was stunned, the man with the scythe looked back at the two and asked.
“You… … What the hell have you done’?”
Tormia Royal Castle.
Sirone, who serves as the headquarters for the simultaneous incident, closed the book and rubbed his nose.
‘It’s the outside world.’
It was a particularly shocking event among many things happening all over the world.
‘Oparts exist in the form of matter. However, when ‘used’, even humans become objects. It’s not meant for people to use from the start.’
I could feel the high dimension of the outside world through my skin.
‘The problem is Ymir’s spirit. still not connecting I don’t know what’s going on.’
It was clear that the object <Butterfly of the Firstborn> combined Sirone’s information with signals from the outside world.
‘In other words, the realm has changed. If that’s the difference between Gyorgi’s Taegeuk and Maika Ruins… …
There was a high probability that Sirone, who was fighting in Ymir’s mind, had all the answers.
Then a knock was heard.
“Sirone.”
When I opened the door at the welcome voice, there was Zulu, whose complexion hadn’t returned yet.
“Zulu, is it okay if I move?” Mortally wounded by Ymir’s blow, she only regained her consciousness three days ago.
“It is getting better quickly. Although the battle is still too much. Rather, I want to hear the circumstances.”
“Yes, come in.”
Sirone, who handed over a cup of hot tea, sat down with Zulu and told them what had happened.
After calmly listening to many incidents, she raised her head at the word oparts.
“A super ancient civilization. Does that mean it might have something to do with the outside world?”
“yes. Not sure. The Mika ruins are completely scattered, and at least I realized something, because the quantum signals have changed and do not overlap.”
“Hmm.”
Zulu said after drinking the tea.
“Sirone, would you like to go somewhere with me?”
“yes? Oh, of course it’s possible for simultaneous events, but… … Your body hasn’t even recovered yet.”
“Let’s go to the Middle East, Paras.”
“Paras? Oh, are you going back to your hometown?”
Zulu, who put down the teacup, conveyed the exact meaning in Middle Eastern, as always.
“There is a super ancient civilization there.”

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-1027.txt
=============YYYYY=============
Rotating world (4)
Hwa Resources Management Corporation.
«O»
Sitting at the desk in the president’s office, Lethe stared at the wall and made a meaningless noise.
‘Why are you so anxious?’
The amount of fire* was stable and the tributary circulation was running smoothly.
“Monoras.” The source of all anxiety was that the lowest demon in the underworld was invisible.
“No, since when did you leave for Laviette, there is no news? Didn’t this get leaked somewhere else?”
She hit the desk and stood up, shaking her head.
“No, it won’t be.”
It must have been 100 million times that she had been stabbed in the back by Monolas, but she believed.
“Could it be, even in such an unprecedented situation? Anyway, I’m the manager. Yeah, it can’t be.”
A living being named Lian is wandering around the underworld with the karma chain severed.
‘All beings in the universe carry their own karma. I can’t get past that.’
Hence the system error.
And the demons who could solve this level of problems were counted on one hand even in the underworld.
“it’s annoying. I still have a lot of work to do.”
Feeling uneasy, Lette left the president’s office and went to the Karma management department.
On both sides of the hallway, numerous informants were observing the living body through their visions.
“ha! ha!”
Among them, there was an informator who was busy touching his body while groaning excitedly.
“Leona.”
The woman in charge of Etella and Chagall heard Lete’s voice and hurriedly turned her head.
“Ah, boss.”
Lethe touched her shoulder.
“You are working hard. Are these guys like that? They say you’ve risen the ranks this time.”
Leona roared with excitement.
“Yes, it’s 7th all time. Purification time 87 years. How great is the combination of good and evil? Just imagining it makes my body so hot I can’t stand it.”
Lette was equally dizzy.
“Taegeuk is the signal that gave birth to the universe. The cycle of yin and yang contains powerful power. It brings together two opposite concepts.”
Leona looked back at Lethe.
“Then, the first universe was also born through circulation. What kind of concept cycle is it?”
“maybe… … Electricity.”
As a fact that I guess only because I am a manager
“Energy generated by the circulation of positive and negative poles. Therefore, all concepts born from that energy principle are inevitably divided into two, and that is the universe we are in.”
Lethe raised her index finger.
“Reality and the world behind it. The reason why two completely different worlds can coexist is because it was designed according to the principle of Taegeuk. But when applied to humans, not the world, it is very dangerous.”
“Why?”
“It has the property of going back against all definitions in the universe. What would happen if all the concepts of good and evil, black and white, material and immaterial, up and down were integrated?”
first one.
“The only concept that can escape the universe is born. That’s what we call First One. It’s no wonder that those two carried a lot of karma.”
Leona looked back at the screen and swallowed.
“… … It’s a great relationship.”
“Ho Ho! This is just the beginning. Those who carry karma can never be comfortable, so it’s better to watch.”
Humans can’t understand it, but the combination of good and evil aroused a strange romance to the demons.
‘I hope it goes well.’
She doesn’t know what the outcome will be.
Le but.
“by the way.”
Lethe licked her lips and asked.
“Have you not contacted that pig? Didn’t any informants say they saw where it was?”
“yes. The chief of staff is also an administrator, so there is a limit to tracking through the karma screen. anyway… … There is no report that it was found near Laviette.”
Lethe grabbed her head.
“Haha, where the hell are you doing? will you do well? That’s right. I’m sure you’ll do well. I sincerely asked for it, so I’ll be sure to take care of it this time. yes?”
Leona pursed her lips.
‘I don’t think so.’
Perhaps, in the other world, the person who didn’t know Monoras the most was Lethe.
The river of immorality, its 78th tributary.
The village built along the winding river of fire is a marquis of the underworld.
Marquis is Pikaras.
As the manager of tributary streams that averaged 3.5 million purification hours per day, he was now serving Monoras.
“now! Our chief secretary, who is doing great things for hell. Please take a glass of this too.” The marquis with the face of a poisonous snake tipped a wine bottle at the soybean pig.
“Good, good! Kwok geck!”
If it was the Marquis of Picaras, it was still less than half the distance to the place of business trip.
The Marquis gave instructions.
“Come on, you guys! What are you doing without moving fast? To meet such a wonderful and handsome person.”
As the 20 succubuses worked, saliva flowed from Monoras’ mouth.
“Queuck! Kww!”
As the heat matured, the Marquis, who had been paying attention, secretly handed out the documents.
“Hey, Chief Secretary. this… …
“huh? what?”
I saw the title ‘Report on Expansion and Development of Branch 78’, but I couldn’t see the contents.
“In the meantime, the number of demons in the marquisate has increased considerably. By the way, if the number of demons increased, wouldn’t it mean that the number of mouths also increased?”
“Oh, yes. yes.”
Monolas just wanted to focus on his senses.
“So, I tried to come up with an alternative, but if our chief secretary, who is a real person in the chemical industry, would give me a single autograph… …
“o uh 9”
As soon as the sensitive reaction came out, Pikaras looked back and clapped his hands.
A servant with sheep’s horns bowed his head and entered, handing over a small box.
“This is what I mean, as you can see… …
When the box was opened, a key the size of a person’s palm glowed golden.
“As a key made of pure flame, n
Monoras slammed the table, causing the succubuses to scatter.
“Pikaras Hujaak!” Hearing the strained voice in his throat, Fikaras quickly lowered his head.
“yes yes!”
“Are you insulting me now! I look like someone who will handle public affairs with just this!”
The Marquis, who understood perfectly, shouted in a hurry, half standing up.
“Go ahead and bring it!”
This time, the door slammed open with a powerful bang, and the rambunctious demons brought a huge treasure chest.
Koo kung! thud! thud!
There were a total of four, and Pikaras approached with quick steps and inserted the golden key.
When the lid was flipped, there was a pile of blinding riches inside.
Pikaras, who turned around hesitantly, pointed to the treasure chests and continued.
“The person who holds this key is qualified to become the owner of this treasure.” Monoras, who had been staring at the box, suddenly shook his head and laughed.
“Chuck! Kww! Kww!”
“haha! Ha ha ha ha ha!”
Pikaras laughed along, and the succubuses clapped their hands and flew back.
“The barrel is big! Also the barrel is big! There’s a reason I’m acknowledging you!” “Is it possible? This is all thanks to Monoras-sama taking good care of public affairs.”
Returning to the drinking party, Pikaras handed out the papers.
“Kwuq! I’m always good Let’s see, what were we talking about earlier? What about tributaries?”
“Ah, not even to the level of concern. In fact, it’s true, should the one who controls the fires of all hell even worry about these terminal tributaries? Then you won’t go back to hell. There are demons who draw the big picture.”
“That’s what I mean! What you know, only the boss, no Lethe, doesn’t know. So, am I not frustrated?”
“It’s frustrating.”
Pikaras flicked his fingers.
“Kiya, now that I see it, our Chief Secretary, there must have been a reason for your dark complexion. At times like this, the subordinates must properly serve them. I will take care of you first!”
“Cheolkeol, well, you’re good at it.”
Pikaras quietly handed over the pen, and Monoras bloodily signed the approval column.
“bravo! You’re angry too!”
Pikaras waved his hands as the succubuses laughed and clapped.
“What are you doing outside? Bring it quickly!”
Carts full of liquor and food endlessly came in, filled the tables, and left.
“You should have a drink. There are succubuses who couldn’t even enter the castle right now.”
“Chuck! Do you?”
While an hour had passed since then, the Marquis passed as many as seven documents for approval.
“Now, this time it’s a dispute with the Marquis of Maidrun over the control of Fire Dam.”
“hey! Now let’s play!”
Pikaras frantically nodded and leaned his upper body towards Monoras.
“This is the end. really! last! vow!”
Thus, the dispute over the 78th tributary, which emerged as a hot topic in the chemical industry, was ended.
“cadet.”
Lethe murmured as she rubbed her left shoulder.
“Why does my shoulder hurt so much these days?” Leona turned her head.
“Aren’t you overdoing it? The psychic realm was closed and you couldn’t sleep, so you only worked. Shall I give you a massage?”
“Still fine. If only more damn things don’t happen here. Anyway, the Grand Duke should come soon.”
Looking at Lethe’s exhausted face, Leona put on a bitter expression.
‘He’s a really competent person.’
If it weren’t for her, Hell would have been in great chaos after the psychic realm was closed.
“If the Grand Duke comes, can we fix it?”
“I don’t know. Still, I’m number one in hell when it comes to dealing with hidden codes. That said, I’ll have to take a look. Who is the informator in charge of Lian?”
“It must be Vivian.”
“okay?… ”
Lette patted her shoulder and headed for Vivian’s seat.
“Chains of Gehenna. what are you doing?”
“I am moving forward without stopping. Looking at the direction, I think the chemical project is the destination.”
I let out a sigh.
“Where is it?”
“I think I will pass the Wailing Wall soon. But boss, once you pass the wailing wall… …
Vivian raised the height of the screen.
“Sooner or later, Laviette. The city of magic engineering. Isn’t that where the chief secretary went on a business trip?”
“huh’?”
Lethe’s eyes widened.
“uh! that’s right! If you just fix Lian’s error there, it’s over, right? Monoras can do it!”
While she clapped like a girl, Vivian looked at the high-altitude screen again.
‘It has arrived.’
A black wall stretching thousands of kilometers awaited Sirone and Lian.
Woo woo woo woo!
Even before I arrived, I heard a terrible cry that made me want to cover my ears.
‘This is the Wailing Wall.’
I couldn’t see the end of the wall no matter where I looked up, down, left, or right, and it was probably the same thickness.
Ryan stopped walking.
“That’s amazing.”
Compared to the size of the wall, their presence was smaller than dust.
“It hurts… … . get me out of here… … How many?
What made up the walls were all human bodies without a single exception.
“Horrible.”
Even the pus had rotted and turned black like oil, and the surface was grotesque with protruding faces and limbs.
“hungry… … . Throat, thirsty… … Even though no one had the energy to make a loud noise, there were so many of them that it was noisy.
“To go to the chemical company, you have to pass through this gateway.”
When compared to the whole, a gap smaller than a crack vertically bisected the wall.
“good. Let’s go, Sirone.”
I don’t know when Gehenna’s chain will be activated, but Lian’s compass always went straight.

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-1028.txt
=============YYYYY=============
Heuksoong⑴
The gap that divides the Wailing Wall was so narrow that it was invisible from a distance, but when I approached it, it was quite wide at 20 meters.
“ha. ha.”
People who just breathe.
“Here, hey. the water. Could you give me some water?”
People seeking help.
Lian didn’t react to anything and just moved on in silence.
And when I could no longer see the way in or out, I opened my mouth for the first time.
“Sirone, what are these?”
Or should I call it ‘this’?
“Those who are not purified.”
Sirone saw countless hands and feet wriggling protruding from the Wailing Wall.
“The Wailing Wall is not only here. This is spread all over the world. Realistically, would it be a warehouse necessary for civil engineering?”
“storage? Are you saying that humans are the material?” “There is a being called Black Seung. No, actually it’s more like a system. As an active form of attack by the purification system, it serves to capture creatures that have fallen here.”
“You mean they piled humans here? why? According to you, you have to purify it, right?”
“Because hell is the other side of reality. It’s just that the properties are opposite, but it’s the same that you need a lot to live. In reality, there are organic and inorganic substances. Organic matter is used for food, and inorganic matter is the material of many structures.”
Ryan understood.
“Hell is the other way around.”
“huh. The food of the demons is demons born from the fires of hell, that is, refined demons. Actually, when you hear it like this, it sounds like you’re eating your own people, but not all demons are the same. Humans also eat chicken or pigs in the category of living things. Rice and wheat, of course.”
Sirone pointed to the wall.
“On the contrary, unpurified demons play the role of minerals in hell. In other words, it is the same as human emotions. However, when minerals are needed, they are often used in large quantities, so a special warehouse was needed… …
“That became the Wailing Wall.”
“huh. At this scale, it will be mobilized for dam construction on the River of Fire and urban expansion construction. It is said that there is a separate subcontractor that processes and transports the Wailing Wall… …
Sirone shook her head.
‘This should be enough to explain the structure. It’s too harsh for Rian.’
The Wailing Wall is just a system for Sirone, who embraces reality and the other side at the same time, but Lian was different.
“What you need to be more careful about is the black monk. I’ll bring back the fugitives I’ve caught from all over Hell, and I’m sure they’ll be here too. Of course, it’s so huge that there’s little chance of bumping into it.”
Realistically speaking, the probability of meeting a manager in a large distribution warehouse was about the same.
Ryan said with his eyes tightened.
“No need to worry. If it’s a black beast or whatever, it’s enough to cut it down if it appears.”
It wasn’t going to be easy.
‘The Black Seung’s chain is the hidden code with the strongest binding power in the underworld. Even if you break the chains of Gehenna… …
While he was lost in thought, an old woman’s voice was heard from the wall on the left as Lian was walking.
“Please save me.”
It was Lian who didn’t look away as much as possible, but he couldn’t overcome the earnest voice.
When I turned my head, I saw an old man crying with his face and arms protruding like sheep.
“It hurts so much. get me out of here I beg you like this. please… …
“Sirone.”
Sirone answered before she could hear Rian’s words.
“Impossible.”
“Is there absolutely no way? For example, if you cleanse the wall with Gehenna’s chains… …
Sirone shook her head.
“Lian, listen carefully. The people here are not real people. their
It’s a feeling.”
“I know. But you’re looking for help. Can anything be more important than that?”
Ryan was such a person.
“Of course it is.”
That’s why, although he is a respected friend, Sirone knew exactly about human emotions.
“It is different from when I purified the fire of hell. Because it is the crystal of pure magic. It burns you along the chains of Gehenna, and you can overcome it. However, these are turbid demons that have not yet been purified. If you put the chains of Gehenna here… … Sirone said with an embarrassed expression.
“All their feelings will be delivered to you. You may lose yourself.”
It’s the nature of doing so, but perhaps Lian would have broken his stubbornness at this point.
“??????okay.”
This is because he would not want to do anything that put Sirone in danger.
‘I’m sorry, Lian.’
Sirone, who had no choice but to do this despite knowing that fact, felt frustrated.
“please… … save me Have mercy on me.”
Sirone, who had her eyes on the old woman’s desperate look for a moment, turned her head.
“Let’s go. If you want to get out of the Wailing Wall within today, you have to walk nonstop.”
When Rian, who had taken her eyes off the wall, was about to follow Sirone, a violent wind blew.
A muffled voice was heard mixed with the wind.
– Foolish sinners.
I looked at the sky and saw something that looked like a dark cloud passing fast.
“It’s a black victory.”
As soon as the words were finished, Sirone and Lian hid themselves with their backs against the wall.
‘It’s a fairly large number.’
Despite looking through a 20-meter-wide gap, the sky was covered with black clouds.
Ryan asked.
“Avoiding unnecessary risks is in favor, but are they really that powerful?”
In case of an emergency, it was better to know the enemy’s strength in order to deal with a monster.
“It’s a system problem. Their chains are a tremendous blow to unpurified demons.
Because it exerts speed.”
“flaw “
Just as Lian frowned, a bony arm came over from behind and wrapped around his neck.
“here… …
It was the old woman who asked Lian for help a little while ago.
“we are here! The fugitives are here!”
The sound I heard right next to me hurt my ears, but the first emotion that came to me was questionable.
‘why’?’
As if laughing at Rian’s heart, the numerous faces embedded in the walls began to scream.
“Two guys are hiding! hurry! hurry!” As the voice continued to come through, I climbed the wall and finally reached the sky.
Then, a black cloud came in through the gap and fell on Sirone and Lian at terrifying speed.
“Let’s avoid it, Lian!”
Lian tore off the old woman’s arm and threw it away.
“here! here!”
Numerous fingers on the wall waved at them and screams flew.
“Go this way! Grab it fast!” Rian, who caught up with Sirone, asked.
“Why are you accusing us? Will you be freed from the Wailing Wall if you give credit to the monster?”
“No, they are treated like minerals in Hell. Liberation is absolutely impossible.”
“Then what is the reason?”
Why did they accuse Black Seung?
In Sirone’s mind, there was only one.
“Because they want us to be unhappy.”
“what?”
“Nothing helps them. They just don’t like that we’re better off. That’s why I’m trying to use energy and attract it. To make them suffer the same misfortune.”
Those who had a hard time even opening their eyes a moment ago were screaming loudly.
“here! Here!”
Listening to their voices, Lian calmed the fire in his heart.
‘I don’t think.’
they are only them
‘Protect Sirone. All you have to do is fix it in your head and move on.’
The Black Victory was coming.
A rag-like cloth fluttered, and a white face passed through the darkness.
‘Skull? No, more than that, the cloak they put on is the problem. I can’t read the movement.’
material that does not exist in the world.
It was a physical change as if the three states of gas, liquid and solid were mixed at the same time.
-You foolish sinner.
“Rian! Now!”
The black monks who blocked the front and back of the street pulled out the black chains from their cloaks.
At the same time, Sirone and Lian flew upward, and Lian climbed up while stepping on the wall.
Aaaaaang!
Looking down, black chains were embedded in the walls in an intricate pattern like a spider’s web.
– Those who are not purified will be tried.
The eyes of the people forming the wall widened as something sloshed along the chain and was sucked in.
“Oh! Kkeuk… …
After a while.
“Aaaaaaaaa!”
As the entire wall vibrated, a tremendous demonic energy was sucked into the body of the black monk.
– Catch the guilty!
Lian’s face crumpled as she ran vertically at the roar coming from below.
“Big!”
The Wailing Wall was really tall, running at near-flying speed, with no end in sight.
– Yahweh! How can you disturb hell!
Meanwhile, Sirone, who fled to the opposite wall, flew up avoiding the beast’s chains.
Sirone, who reached the top of the wall faster than Rian, landed on the swampy bottom.
People were half-buried, and little humans continued to fall like dots from the black clouds in the sky.
With a strong wind, the 24 black monks who had followed Sirone floated into the air.
‘The Light of Agape!’
When Sirone opened her eyes, a sphere of brilliant light that floated above her head exploded.
“Aaaaaaa!”
When the light disappeared again, a huge, shallow groove was dug around Sirone.
‘As expected.’ The human walls were crushed as if they were melted by the heat, but their power was less than that of the demons.
Because it’s not pure magic.
‘And Black Seung… …
The ability of the hidden code was clearly wrapped around the black chain, and it was holding on intact.
“Yahweh.”
After uttering a voice, the black monk withdrew his chain and spread the liquid-like cloak widely.
The figure of a skeleton holding a scythe was revealed.
“Where are you wandering in this world where everyone rejects you?”
“I came to meet the manager of this world. If you let it go easily, I won’t be complicated.”
“… … The reason is?”
“To get rid of the real demon world. A lot of people are dying because of the code you created.”
Hokseung lowered his head.
“The words are always plausible. But, Yahweh, do you know? Human death is… …
Numerous wild beasts that arrived after them spread out at the same time and attacked Sirone.
– That this is our life.
The movements of the black monk, hidden behind a black cloak, were completely out of line with the law.
‘chaos.’
can’t count
Looking at the fluttering of the cloak, it seemed that the space was shimmering along with the black monk.
– I will purify it.
The moment the black chains were fired with a slippery sound, Sirone’s body twisted.
– what?
Hundreds of chains passed by without hitting any one of them.
‘Quantum motion.’
The algorithm used by the world’s strongest wizard was bizarre enough to resemble a hidden code.
-Don’t be careless. He is Yahweh
As the black monks circled around them, they began to wrap Sirone in black chains.
At the same time, the monsters who put chains on the rooftop also activated the purification code.
-Ooh oh oh!
It was an intention to neutralize Sirone’s agape by combining human emotions.
-come! come!
The Hand of God was seen in the eyes of the black monk who raised his head, trembling at the love of Yahweh.
The moment the huge sphere of light vibrated, Sirone’s voice was heard from inside the chain.
“Photon Cannon.”
A vertical flash of light landed on the jade to the right of the Wailing Wall.
“Uh uh uh! Aaaaaaa!”
As the outer wall inflated like a balloon, the people making up the wall made a look of astonishment.
“no! not… … !”
And finally, at the same time as the explosion, light leaked out from over 3,000 holes.

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-1029.txt
=============YYYYY=============
Black Victory (2)
Boyd, the deputy manager of the chemical company.
Arriving at the Karma Management Department after being called, he bowed his head at Lethe’s instructions.
“yes. yes.”
Unlike Monolas, Boyd was sure to get things done, and he didn’t even have a need for money.
“When you arrive in Laviette, meet the chief of staff. It seems to be a little late because something happened… … . Anyway, then go to the Archduke and tell him what I said.”
“All right.”
In my nature, I wanted to hand over the entire volume to Boyd.
‘Ugh, that ugly pig.’
However, when she thought of the shame that Monoras would receive, her heart inevitably weakened.
“Then proceed like that. The chief secretary assists well. I want to make sure there is no misunderstanding.”
“… … yes.”
The future was bleak at the thought of working with Monolas, but would Lethe be the only one?
‘I will help, boss.’
To Boyd, Lethe was the most reasonable person in Hell and the mother of all demons.
‘Only Monoras doesn’t know.’
As Boyd left with cold eyes, Lethe sighed and ran a hand through her hair.
“Whoa, then I’ll close my eyes for a while… …
“president!”
Vivian shouted.
“Classification number 4984! An Incident at the Wailing Wall! This is where Lian is!”
Lethe, who fell asleep, turned her body.
“What?”
The scene of the Wailing Wall being blown up was reflected on the screen without Vivian needing to explain.
“Yahweh.”
It didn’t collapse, but humans were pouring in with thousands of holes pierced.
“Is that kid crazy! If you’re going to go, go ahead. Why are you destroying the warehouse? What is the replacement loss?”
“I think it was overpowered and crashed. The amount of loss is large, but the system error… …
Vivian pointed at Lian.
“What should I do with this?” The blood gradually faded from Lethe’s face as she stared at the screen.
“little bit more!”
Lian, who was climbing the wall on the left vertically, finally found the end and leaped.
Aaaaaang!
When I turned around at the sound of the powerful explosion, I saw a wailing wall with holes like cheese.
“Lian!”
Sirone shouted.
“See you at the end!”
The only way to get to Hwa Resources Management Corporation was to cross the Wailing Wall.
As Sirone spread his wide wings and ran away from the black monk, Lian also looked ahead.
There were far more black monks blocking his sight than Sirone had dealt with.
“Gehenna?”
was subject to purification.
“O existence bound by the pain of deterioration, you are an existence that should not enjoy freedom by nature. What kind of arrogant trick is he going around with his chains broken?”
Lian aimed at the great straight sword.
“Because I decided to do it.”
Because karma is the result of a cause, it was a code that could not be changed in any way.
‘Is it possible?’
From the point of view of the black monk, the shock was as strong as a dead person reviving.
“… … Purify it.”
Black monks rushed in like smoke.
?Punish the guilty!
The black cloak swayed like a liquid, then swelled up like smoke and engulfed the space.
A black chain was fired at Lian, and the scythe hidden in the cloak flashed in an instant.
“Yaaaa!”
As Lian’s great sword fired a single sword, the darkness in front of him split open.
– Big! how… …
When the unpredictable movement was blocked with a single knife, the vigilance of the Black Seung unit soared.
“be careful. It is the ultimate blow.”
Like a zeta function.
Just as it is impossible to find a pattern of a few in the infinity of numbers, Lian’s rhythm has not yet been defined.
‘It’s definitely a rhythm that doesn’t exist in hell. It’s such a mess that even God frowns.’
Indefinite beats contain all the herbivores that swordsmanship can create in a single straight line.
‘If I approach it clumsily, I’ll be cut right away.’
It was a technique of time, not space, so it was the result of effort, not talent.
“Yaaaa!”
Nothing stood in the way of Lian, who swung his sword in all directions and advanced.
A human hand came up from the floor while the monsters watched with difficulty.
“don’t go.”
The arm that wrapped around his ankle had been ripped off, but now everyone was holding on to Lian.
“Now! Get it done quickly!” Because he wants to be unhappy, Lian kicked the ground, recalling Sirone’s words.
“Move!”
The hands that stood up along Rian’s run swayed like a field of reeds.
Eventually, some humans broke off the wall and climbed on Lian’s body.
The human with only the upper body shook his spine and shouted.
“don’t go! You can’t go!”
“Aaaaaaa!”
Just as Rian was about to run away, he felt a hot flame welling up in his chest.
“If only… … Keugh!” The moment Gehenna’s chains protruded from the pit of the stomach and pierced the Wailing Wall in all directions.
Ooh oh oh oh!
I heard a scream that seemed to explode my brain.
“Big!”
As the scream separated into individual emotions, it began to penetrate Lian’s mind.
– Why are only you free? We’re suffering, so why are we happy?
like this
you
“shut up!”
-Let’s die together. let’s suffer together
you
I can’t bear to be free.
The chains of Gehenna were pulled.
“Shut up!”
Hundreds of humans were dragged out in chunks along the chain, like sweet potato stalks.
– You are the same. you also… … you’re like us
Their voices penetrated deep into the heart and awakened Lian’s hidden nature.
“Huh!”
Hearing this, veins formed in Lian’s neck and blood flowed from his eyes.
‘Ogent Ly?’
When the second brother succeeded in swordsmanship, all the acquaintances of the swordsmanship family spoke up.
“Compared to him, Lian… … I have no talent.
“No, they said it wasn’t like that. It seems that he has no understanding of swordsmanship at all.”
On the way home after completing swordsmanship training, Lian heard their whispers.
“It must be difficult to be the head of household because there is such a difference. Why, in that case, my brother is out of the way. If you don’t want to grab your ankle later, you’d better give up now.”
Hallucinations were heard.
-I hate Lai. I would have wanted to kill Why can’t I have the talent he was given?
“A rai is just a rai.”
Who Rihanna Really Wants to Kill
3,000 humans were dragged behind Lian, who was running while cutting down the black beast.
“Yaaaaa!”
The number increased endlessly as someone else grabbed the human who held the chain.
Weight of more than 6 tons to experience.
‘I won’t give up!’ Unable to shake off those clinging to him, what he could do was extremely simple.
‘in action. two legs… …
It was all that any human being could do.
‘There is such a thing as a genius in the world.’
When he was defeated by Sirone in a sword fight at the Ogent family’s training ground, Rian realized.
‘I’ll never be like this.’
A feeling that cannot but be acknowledged.
‘any… … It’s bittersweet.’
Lian had to make a choice in the midst of a sense of defeat that Rai did not feel.
‘Let’s do what I can.’ something anyone can do.
Hallucinations were heard.
-He must be jealous of Sirone. You just want to be by her side because you look so radiant with Shiro.
“no.”
-Actually, you want to kill me. If someone gives you the power to kill Sirone, you will receive it. Because he is jealous of Sirone.
“Sirone is just a sirone.”
Who Lian really wants to kill don’t go! don’t go!” While Lian ran 14 kilometers, a huge human mass was dragged behind him.
“Let’s die together! Let’s die together!”
Estimated mass 94 tons.
“Talk about it! I never stop!”
Who Rihanna really wants to kill
‘ourself.’
The Ogentrian of the future who has overcome all the pain, all the training, and all the despair.
“catch! catch! Never let them run away! Everyone stand up! I mean catch it!”
Estimated mass 187 tons.
“Kiaaa! Get buried here! You live as a wall just like us!”
Ryan moved his legs endlessly.
‘Yeah, get in the way! Beat it all you want! No matter how much I trample on you, even if you go through a death or death ceremony!’
Future Lian, who was waiting in the distance, aimed a straight sword at the present Lian.
“I don’t stop aaaaa!”
Estimated mass 302 tons.
Even so, the black monks continued to retreat as their speed did not drop.
– Let’s attack. I can do it now.
Black monks rushing from all sides were swept away by Lian’s sword, which was filled with negativity.
“Come on! Do anything!” When the acceleration decreases, it is over.
Feeling the load on the chains growing exponentially, Lian gritted his teeth.
” I am??????
getting stronger every day
“I am.”
You fail until you can’t fail anymore.
‘Everyone repeats what they can do, and fills the day with it.’
And compressing each day into 1 second again… … .
“I am!”
Huge Time Leap!
“Yaaaaa!”
The chains of Gehenna heated up red, and the bodies of the people who clung to them caught fire.
“Kiaaa! no! no!”
Those who never wanted to let Lian go embraced the chains all over their bodies.
“it hurts! It hurts!” The temperature of the flame was too hot for them to carry what Lian was carrying.
‘come!’
The future Lian nodded approvingly and charged at him.
Lian held up the great sword.
“It kills you.”
Because that place is mine now.
-damage!
Watching the humans clinging to the chains turn to ashes, the monsters scattered in all directions.
“Divine transcendence.”
The two Lian, who finally met at one point, swung their big swords at each other.
…….
Future Lian was slashed, and everything in front was split up and down.
-Kieeh! this, this… … !
At the place where the black monks dispersed and disappeared like smoke, the end of the Wailing Wall was visible.
‘Arrived.’
The moment I spurred the rooftop with all my strength, I heard Sirone’s voice from the left.
“Lian!”
He didn’t say anything, but the expression on his face as he waved at Lian was really bright.
“Sirone.”
It is my sun that can never be reached.
‘still.’
Smiling at Sirone, Lian turned her head and looked at the clear horizon.
‘They are running side by side.’
The half-collapsed Wailing Wall and the burning Wailing Wall were seeing them off.
The Karma Management Department was enveloped in silence.
Lethe, who had been watching the screen with a bewildered face, hovered aimlessly.
“ah??????
I finally regained my mind to think, but the crushing headache was not welcome at all.
“Damage, what is the scale of the damage?” When I asked, rubbing the back of her neck, Vivian turned her head away with a slightly frightened expression.
“It’s about 83 billion deaths.”
“Ohh.”
Lethe nodded coolly, but once her head moved, there was no sign of stopping.
“83 billion. Let’s see if it’s 83 billion deaths… … Two dukedoms flew away, right?”
“Yes, what.”
Lethe’s foot thumped and hit the ground.
“These beggars are real! I’m about to die because the company’s situation is really bad. can’t do it! I’ll go myself! Call the deputy chief again!”
said Vivian hastily.
“You have to start with repairing the damage. In the current situation, if Lethe-nim is absent, the company will be paralyzed.” Lethe, her breathing heavy, lost her thoughts and cried out with tears in her eyes.
“Is there really a God?”

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-103.txt
=============YYYYY=============
[103] Geumgangseung (3)
Amira, who stood at the forefront, encouraged the students.
Please enable JavaScript
“The school needs to announce the whole story of this incident. Only prosecuting Principal Alpheas can ensure the future of the Magic School!”
“Right! Alpheas resign! Proceed with Sirone’s funeral!”
Their shouts passed through the window of the infirmary and reached Amy’s ears. Then the door burst open and Seriel came in.
“Amy, it’s a big deal!”
“What happened? Why are they suddenly like that?”
It was natural for Amy to be upset. Just as she thought it was near the end of the student meeting, she suddenly gathered and she was torched to hold Sirone’s funeral.
“The seniors are doing their best and trying to accuse the principal. I thought I could protect Sirone, but Fermi’s bastard made a fuss… … .”
Amy could see the situation without looking. If it was Fermi, it would have been enough. In the end, the student council seemed to have caught up with the resignation of the principal. But I couldn’t blame them for being unkind. If the head of the school had a moral flaw, it was also a good thing for the future to rob it.
But it was too extreme. That’s why Fermi’s behavior annoyed me. It was the teachers’ lukewarm response that sparked the anger of the student council, but in the end it was Fermi who set fire to the fuse.
“Bad child. While he himself lived thanks to Sirone.”
“What now, Amy?”
said Amy, biting her nails.
“What can I do? You have to hold on.”
Alpheas said to watch Sirone for a while. It was a miracle that he, the general manager of this case, persuaded the teachers.
Nade, who was looking out the window, turned to Iruki and shot at him.
“Are you satisfied now? There’s a group of kids who think the same as you. Shouldn’t you be with me too?”
“Will you do that if you want?”
Iruki also accepted without losing. After the fight that day, the two of them were still awkward.
Seriel frowned and said.
“Stop it. There’s nothing wrong with us fighting each other. Now is the time to join forces.”
“Sheesh! Iruki Do you think this bastard will join forces? It’s like a guy with no blood or tears.”
“Stop it. And Iruki, you are also self-respecting. Things got really serious. You don’t know how a word can change public opinion, so I’m here for the time being.”
“I have no intention of leaving anyway.”
Iruki buried his face in the table and was lost in thought. It had already been the fifth day since Sirone died. It was coming much later than his own expectations.
‘If the student council moved, the teachers wouldn’t be able to hold on for long either. About 48 hours from now… … .’
The atmosphere in the infirmary rapidly cooled. Everyone was suffering from this situation and was overly sensitive.
Amy stroked Sirone’s forehead. Her common sense had to assume that she was dead. But is the current situation that holds on to her hope really normal?
‘Please, please come back, sirone… … .’
Amy was unsure of Sirone’s survival. But now, five days after the heart stopped, the realm of certainty had already passed. From now on, it was the realm of faith.
* * *
The woman looked closely at the red light emanating from Sirone’s body. The principle of emitting high energy and vibrating particles would destroy any object.
“Sirone, don’t do this. The magic is so destructive. It doesn’t match your disposition.”
“I don’t want to fight either. But you intend to keep me tied up here. It can’t be. I have to go back.”
“Do you think you can win against me?”
Sirone shook her head. It was an honest feeling. Even though he was a being of the same dimension, he was a person with such strong ability that he called himself a god. No matter how bad he was, he had to be regarded as a higher level than Arcane.
Who the hell is this woman? And where is this place?
Sirone stopped thinking. At least he wasn’t where he was supposed to be.
“Teach me how to return to the original world.”
“Even if you teach me, there is no way it will be possible. It is an act that will drive you to death again.”
“Even so, I think you should try.”
The woman was not afraid of Sirone’s magic. However, the power of the laser was not to be underestimated. The destruction of this world had to be prevented at all costs.
“great. I will do as you please. But promise me. If you return without being able to return to the original world, then please follow my will.”
“How do I get back?”
“I can’t give up any more. Will you still do it?”
No matter how terrifying the difficulties were, Sirone’s thoughts did not change.
“great. But I will never give up.”
“Your life is yours. Use it however you like.”
The woman made a glass ball in front of Sirone’s eyes. Inside, black darkness was spinning.
“Sirone. In order to return to the original world, you have to go through the reverse process of coming here.”
“okay.”
“It’s not an easy thing to think about. It is a process of returning from a pure spirit to a human being. Human beings are a collection of all sorts of unpleasant elements. If you don’t accept this, you will eventually change into a strange existence that is neither human nor anything.”
The woman was convinced of Sirone’s failure.
“The darkness you see now is a spot that penetrates space and time. Commonly referred to as a black hole. You can return to the original world through this place.”
As the glass sphere disappeared, a huge darkness was born in front of Sirone.
“What can I do?”
“It’s simple. You can go in. It is a spot that is connected to your body.”
“thank you. I will not forget Grace.”
Sirone was sincere. She was hijacked, but if it weren’t for her, she wouldn’t have had a chance to return to her original world.
“Don’t be quick to thank me. Because I never thought you’d be successful. If you want to give up, just walk this way again.”
Will that ever happen? If he died, he would die and he would never come back, but since it was something he hadn’t experienced yet, Sirone didn’t make any conclusions in advance.
“Then I will go.”
The woman said, squinting her eyes as if she were sleepy.
“Have a good trip.”
Sirone took the first step into the sphere. He felt the same way as when he first entered the spot. As expected, Sirone couldn’t find an exit. No matter how far he moved, nothing changed.
Sirone, who inadvertently turned around, was startled. She was looking this way as the woman was still sleepy with her eyes. Time is not passing. It is trapped in the horizon of events that only occur in extreme gravity.
‘I can’t escape. It is absolutely impossible to escape from this place.’
Sirone finally understood what the woman was saying. There was nothing he could do in a place where even time could not escape.
As clever as he was, he was quick to face reality. Sirone turned around with a miserable heart. she has to go back to her Shouldn’t she at least live in the presence of people rather than be locked in darkness forever?
‘for a moment. perhaps… … .’
Sirone suddenly stopped walking. Time is forever caught on the horizon of events. But he had the ability to generate time. It was photonization magic.
Quasi-subluminous, subluminous, superluminous, superluminous.
The speed that the photon wizard classifies was four. According to Sirone’s calculations, to pass through the event horizon, a speed faster than light was required.
‘Superlight… … Is it really possible?’
Sirone’s level is at most sub-light speed. It seemed possible to reach sub-light speed with the addition of God’s particles, but even so, it fell far short of super-light speed.
‘Let’s think about it.’
Time was not an issue as a method was found. After struggling for a long time, his eyes changed. can do. Now, without a body, it might be possible to reach super light speed.
‘Immortal function.’
Even at the speed of light, you cannot travel across the vast universe. However, the speed of infinite expansion is instantaneous. Perhaps the immortal function was the key to reaching superlight speed.
In any case, going back was the priority. Sirone took a deep breath and opened the immortal function at the same time as she cast photonization magic.
The effect appeared immediately. The tremors accelerating at quasi-sub-light speed, sub-light speed, and light speed were transmitted strong enough to collapse the Spirit Zone.
“Ughhhh… … !”
However, it did not reach the speed of light. It was impossible to cast magic through batteries unless the mind understood that it was faster than time. All that was left was the complete opening of Immortal Function. It is an unknown world that may disappear again, but he expanded his consciousness to the whole without delay.
The shape that made up the sirone exploded and disintegrated into fine particles. At last something faster than light crossed the horizon of events and began to run toward the light.
‘done!’
Sirone was still conscious. Even if he fully opened the immortal function, no particles were disturbed within the black hole. The exit was visible in the distance. There, his body was waiting.
‘Goes! I’m finally going!’
Then all of a sudden it started to slow down. Particles of unknown meaning stuck between Sirone’s particles. The particles combined to create meaning and acted like voices, disturbing Sirone’s mind.
-feeding. feeding. feeding. feeding. feeding. feeding. feeding. feeding.
-breeding. breeding. breeding. breeding. breeding. breeding. breeding. breeding.
In Sirone’s eyes, which grew heavier and heavier, he saw that the exit was getting farther and farther away. As the particles are complexly entangled, the simple meaning has evolved into a higher-order meaning.
-Ah, a birth. It is the lowest being.
– I don’t want to die. mortal life.
Sirone realized that it was the process of becoming the human that the woman had talked about. She is a being thrown into the world, holding both desire and fear at the same time.
Could it be that all human beings have heard this voice in their mother’s womb?
“Don’t lose! I will definitely go back!”
-Where? There is nowhere to welcome you.
“To my world! Where friends are waiting!”
-They will kill you. It will interfere with feeding and reproduction. What awaits you is a collision of desires, a painful struggle, and a journey of death that must arrive.
“Aaaaaa! I can’t hear anything! No words can stop me!”
Sirone desperately shouted. However, as the combination progressed, the drifting sound grew louder.
Humans were, after all, beings made up of countless sounds. As if a solo was buried in a chorus, Sirone eventually lost his voice.
-feeding. feeding. feeding. feeding. feeding. feeding. feeding. feeding.
-breeding. breeding. breeding. breeding. breeding. breeding. breeding. breeding.
* * *
The 7th day of Sirone’s death.
The student council was still holding a sit-in. To be precise, they were the radicals who followed Amira.
In response, conservative students blocked the entrance and blocked entry. Factions split on the centrist side as well, eventually doubling the total number of protesters.
Most of the students in the school gathered in front of the building, and the protests day and night made the friends guarding Sirone nervous.
“Perform Sirone’s funeral!”
“Execute! Execute!”
“Alpheas must be judged by the Magic Association!”
“Take it! Take it!”
Seriel covered her ears. He closed the windows, so the sound wasn’t loud, but he couldn’t hear it anymore.
“Isn’t that really too much? Why do you keep worrying about not being able to eat Sirone?”
At Seriel’s words, Amy, who was dozing with her face buried in the cot, raised her head.
“They must have their own position. Even the kids who normally hate Sirone would have participated.”
“Is it Sirone’s fault that Sirone is proud? They have a narrow stomach.”
“All humans are like that. If there are people who acknowledge Sirone, there are bound to be people who reject her.”
—————————————

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-1030.txt
=============YYYYY=============
Black Victory (3)
Emotional Disorder Case, No. 4-312.
A vicious monster lives in the underground mountains surrounding the Tormia capital.
“Haha! Haha!”
A monster named Human.
“it hurts. It hurts, I’m going crazy.”
The murderer, Richera, was a heinous criminal who kidnapped and killed a total of 23 women over four years.
However, he, who put countless people in pain, could not bear his own pain.
“Aaaaaaa!”
The moment my foot caught on the stone, I felt a shock as if my toe bones were being crushed.
“it hurts! damn it!”
When emotional illness reaches the middle stage, pain is 200 times higher than normal.
Giving up what you love might put off the pain for a while… … .
“Huh! Whoops!”
All that was left of him in tears was his own body.
‘I’m hungry.’
Even though I felt 200 times the hunger, I couldn’t go down to the city where martial law was declared.
Climbing the Eonggeum Eonggeum Mountain, he put himself into a cave, his hiding place.
“Help me. please… …
The last victim, designated as emergency food, was shivering while being tied to a rope.
“shut up.”
A knife blade clutched in a blunt hand with severed knuckles ended the hostage’s life.
The pleasure of killing has long been forgotten.
“Let’s eat, something to eat?????
The moment when the flesh of the body flowing with hot blood is cut and delivered to the hungry stomach.
“Kuaaa!”
My throat felt hot like it was on fire.
The memory of abandoning the early days of emotional illness by giving up human flesh flashed through his mind.
‘no no!,
Feeling pain was proof that you still love human flesh, and in that case, the threshold for emotional illness rises sharply.
“Aww! it hurts! Please stop!”
His screams reverberated through the cave, and the echo pierced his eardrums like an awl.
“Hee! Hee!”
He knelt down, clutching his sword, in pain beyond his endurance.
‘rather… …
The tip of the blade he brought to his throat trembled, and hot tears flowed down.
“no. I don’t want to die.”
Just because you are indifferent to the lives of others does not mean that your own life is insignificant.
“Huh! Whoa! Bastards! I will kill them all!”
Richera lowered the knife and held it to her knuckles, cutting it like a guillotine.
…….
I raised my head in pain that didn’t even scream, and then a scream erupted.
“Aaaaaaa!”
Still, the emotional illness does not go away.
Severe enough to be irreversible with just one finger.
“Porridge, I don’t want to die!”
One finger, then another, and that’s how Richera repeated the harsh self-injury.
“Aaaaaaa!”
Three days later, the World Health Organization, with the assistance of the Tormia patrol, handed over the body.
At the time, when Seriel confirmed it, Richera’s corpse was said to be terrifying to see with his eyes open.
A scream came out of Son Yoo-jung’s mouth as she was thrown off the moon and crashed onto the planet.
“Kuaaa!”
Son Yoo-jung’s angry face was so wild that it reminded her of a monkey rather than a human.
Looking down from the moon, Nane smiled.
“Get enlightenment and come.”
As Son Yu-jeong entered the atmosphere, a fire burned like a match.
The clothes started to burn.
“Kill it! If you save my friend, I will definitely come back and kill you!”
In the first place, the goal was to go to hell, but the battle with the Buddha had turned the top of his head.
Nane wiped the blood flowing from his mouth.
“You still can’t come to your senses.”
Then, shaking her head and turning around, Son Yu-jeong’s eyes lit up.
“you… …
Cuckoo Cuckoo!
At that moment, the landscape of the world changed, and the blue sky overlapped with clouds of flame.
“hell.”
The sword of the sermon stuck in the pit of the stomach shattered like glass, filling her neck with a golden belt.
“Big!”
The appearance of the hand oil well falling several kilometers intact looked like a meteorite falling from a distance.
Aaaaaaaang!
Residents who heard the roar could see flames flashing on the horizon.
“Aww.”
Yu-jeong, a hand lying sprawled in the center of the crater, could not lift a finger.
‘Buddha. You bastard.’
It was a gigantic shock wave that even the incarnation of the stone monkey, which was said to have the strongest durability, could not handle.
‘I want to fight again.’
While I was thinking about that, a human poked out from above the crater.
“People, people.”
It was the demon of Richera who died in reality.
When Son Yoo-jung raised her head, a group of people appeared behind Richera.
Someone whistled.
“What is it, fashion?”
It was a naked woman with only one golden ring hanging around her slender neck.
‘Long orphan.’
One hair can make clothes, but there was no shame in raw instinct anyway.
It was just that the familiar metal feeling that was weakly pressing down on my neck was annoying.
‘This dog-like Buddha bastard! Why are you F*cking with me again! what the hell am i
It’s broken!’ – Get enlightenment and come.
The largest man in the group showed up and kicked Richera in the butt.
“What are you doing? Get down quickly.”
“Hey!”
The spectators rolling down the slope burst into laughter.
“ha ha ha! Dumb guy.”
Lysera slumped face down on the floor, clenched her fists and swallowed her anger.
‘Let’s wait.’
Even Richera, who was called a monster in reality, was only a meek sheep among monsters worse than him.
‘If you get caught wrong by them, you will suffer terrible things. Even dying is impossible.’
Richera saw.
A vicious criminal who has been crawling on the floor for 300 years with his limbs cut off for no reason.
“Hey, pretty girl. Can we help you?”
As soon as she finished speaking, Son Yoo-jeong lifted her feet and landed with a tumble.
“what? Do you guys like me?” I couldn’t feel the dignity of a human being in the sitting position with the women’s clothing hanging down.
“Everyone is ugly. I’m in a bad mood right now, so let’s just fight. If you win, I’ll do anything.”
A moment of silence passed.
“Hey, you’re a fun woman. Then where… …
Before he could finish his words, Son Yu-jeong’s thighs split and swelled with the texture of the muscles.
“What, what?”
Before he had time to react, her body shot like an arrow and shattered the man’s head.
“One at a time.”
Sirone pointed forward.
“That’s Laviette.”
A vast city far outstripped the other structures on the horizon caught their eye.
“The city of magic engineering. It’s huge.”
“yes. Hell society can be roughly divided into two. military and domestic affairs. Most of the demons who invaded the human world were soldiers. Of course, the Supreme Commander is Satan.”
“Then, is my affair different?”
“No, Satan’s power is absolute. However, from a practical point of view, there is nothing to do. The territories of the Underworld are ruled by the nobles of the Internal Government.” Sirone opened his palm.
“They govern a wide territory in order of baron, viscount, count, marquis, and duke, and among them, the dukes who cover cities at the capital level are called grand dukes.”
“Then what about Laviette?”
“It’s a grand duchy ruled by a demon called Magritte. As far as I know, when it comes to magic engineering, it is said to be the best in the world. It is said that there is no secret in the world that he does not know.”
Ryan felt uncomfortable.
“It’s nothing special for you to praise the demons.”
It was a fact, not a compliment, but Lian’s words made sense.
“It must have a different feel from the army of hell. They invaded us anyway. However, the residents here live their own lives in this hellish society, just because the system is different.”
Sirone continued.
“Of course, that is never a good thing. Because demons are demons. But since Archduke Magritte understands Hell best, he should be able to get information about the Chains of Gehenna.”
“It’s okay if it’s because of me. It’s my karma, so if I can handle it, it’s enough. however… …
Ryan looked up at the sky.
“It will get dark soon.”
Just as water evaporates and becomes a cloud in reality, the sky here is also the ascension of fire from hell.
However, when night fell, the flames dissipated, and what came next was a terrifying cold wave.
“It would be nice to rest in the city for a day or so. If you overdo it, it will affect your mental strength.”
Sirone was worried.
Lian asked again as the two speeded up to Raviette.
“By the way, what is magic engineering? Coming this far, it seems like a mechanical device
I didn’t see anything.”
“As you can see from the Wailing Wall, the logic of the world behind it is different from reality. The reason why the card game and chess game are different is because the systems are different. In conclusion, there is engineering here too. but… …
Sirone hesitated for a moment.
“You won’t like it. maybe.”
When he arrived at the gates of Laviette, Jarian was able to understand Sirone’s words.
“This?”
A wall similar to the one seen in the Wailing Wall surrounded the city.
“Guardian, a human has arrived.”
However, it was much more standardized, and the patterns with human faces were also consistent as if they were taken by a machine.
Lian was dizzy when he saw the arched glottis resembling a specific human body organ.
‘It’s terrible.’
On the left and right of the gate, two withered legs were decorated in a bent state.
‘Still, it’s over 10 meters. Are you really human?’
I could see two arms wrapped around the arch of the gate, and in the center of the arch was the face of an old woman with her eyes closed.
‘Overall, it’s the form of an old man squatting with his head clutched. but… …
The sense of location, as if it had been severed and placed far away, was extremely unpleasant.
“Yahweh.”
The gatekeepers, who realized the unique temperament of the demons, lowered their voices as they pointed their spears.
“Where do you dare to come here? very off Right now, before you hit the sashimi.”
“We are on our way to the chemical industry. And to Magritte, the owner of this place
I have business to do.”
“haha.”
I was dumbfounded and laughed.
“So what? Did anyone even ask? I don’t understand, but for whatever reason, you can’t go in.”
“I can go in.”
The gatekeepers’ shoulders twitched.
“Hell has no enemies, isn’t that the doctrine of Satan? I want you to let me go quietly before I forcefully pierce it.”
“Sniff!”
At any rate, when it collided with Yahweh, it was Raviet City that suffered losses.
‘It is my role to reduce the damage to the city. I’d better send it off and follow the instructions from the superiors.’
The fact that there was life here, the inhabitants of the Underworld differed from the army of Hell.
“Open the castle gate.”
In the center of the arch, the old woman’s little face opened her eyes to reveal the patient.
“Kkoaaaa 1”
Then, the arms came down like needles and began to insert their fingers into the castle gate.
Lian’s eyebrows naturally crumpled at the shape as if he were tearing through his body.
“Kkoaaaaaa! Aaaaaaaa!”
The sound of flesh being torn was heard, and dark red blood flowed through the walls of the castle.
In that state, I pulled my fingers left and right, and the gate of the press opened wide, and I heard a popping sound.
said the gatekeeper.
“There are no enemies in Hell.” Or everyone is the enemy.
“But Yahweh, you are an exception. You won’t be treated well even inside.”
“… … Let’s go, Lian.”
As Sirone moved calmly, Lian, who followed behind, smiled bitterly.
“Now I feel it.”
where the hell did you fall?

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-1031.txt
=============YYYYY=============
black sorghum (4)
The inside of the crater where Son Yoo-jung crashed was littered with the corpses of people whose flesh had burst.
“Hee, hee!”
Every time the blood-red club was swung, the severed arms and legs soared into the sky.
“What are these?”
Son Yu-jeong, who had defeated all the vicious criminals in hell, tilted her head and looked around.
“Ahh… … . please, please stop… …
Corpses, severely out of human form, were wriggling and crawling.
“Why aren’t you guys dying?”
Richera, whose face remained, screamed in despair for the rest of her life.
“I can’t die!”
Son Yoo-jung grabbed Richera’s hair and lifted it to the front of her gaze.
“Why can’t I die?”
I finally realized that Richera was talking to a person’s head calmly.
‘It’s not normal. Crazy.’
The most horrific situation for those who could not die was having their heads smashed.
Although this is not confirmed, rumor has it that in that case it would be the pain of being put in a coffin and buried in the ground.
“Please stop it. Just leave us alone and go. Please, please.”
“Then why aren’t you dying?” When Richera revealed all the facts she knew, Son Yu-jeong nodded her head.
“Hmm, purification.”
She wears it around her neck in the form of a broken ring.
I touched the stuffed long orphan.
I grabbed the end that rolled up like a cloud and pulled it, but it didn’t budge.
“Eh.], Mr.”
According to my experience, even if I destroyed my body, I wouldn’t be able to get rid of it.
‘Why did you do this to the yard falling into hell? There must be no Buddha here.’
If a person who has reached a high level of spirit chant a special spell, the number of orphans will decrease.
Its power was so strong that even Son Yu-jeong, the incarnation of the stone monkey, was left with no head left.
“I really hate it.”
It doesn’t seem like there would be a maknae in a place teeming with evil people in the world, but it was true.
“huh?”
Son Yoo-jung, who got out of her thoughts, found Richera looking into her body.
“What are you looking at?”
“No, that… … You are in good shape.”
Son Yoo-jeong laughed.
“Is that what you think even if only your neck remains? you are very funny Well, even where I lived, there was a monster with only a floating face floating around. That would have been you.”
Richera thought.
‘… … You made it like this.’ In any case, the thought of rolling over with only his neck remaining left his eyes dark.
‘I’d rather be purified than live like this.’ Just as I was thinking about it, the sound of a burning wind rushed in from the other side of the sky.
“huh?”
When Son Yu-jeong looked up, something lingered like black smoke was flying.
“Black, Black Victory!”
Criminals whose faces were still attached twisted their bodies at Richera’s words.
“It’s here! Stay here!”
If he was destined to crawl here for the rest of his life anyway, it was his duty to destroy Son Yu-jeong.
Richera shouted.
“you idiot! What if I call the Black Seung!”
“shut up! Do you think your life will change just because you liked her? Everyone gets F*cked together!”
The faces shouted at you too.
“You are finished too! Buried in the Wailing Wall and suffer forever! Ha ha ha… … Aaaaaa!”
At that moment, the black monks who entered the pit of the crater quickly collected their bodies.
“My body! my body!”
Richera burst into tears, but it was a blessing just to keep her face.
Three black monks floated in front of Son Yu-jeong, revealing a dark and shady energy.
“A birth god?”
The face caught in the black snake shouted.
“Hold that woman too! Incredibly fast! The saying catch it quickly before it runs away… … Gagging!”
As the black chain rattled, the restraining power grew stronger and even the consciousness was blocked.
At the thought that their appearance could have been himself, Richera mogol sighed.
“Here, let’s jump first. Those are really scary guys. I haven’t seen it myself, but… …
Even the seniors who were caught in madness were terrified when the word about the Black Seung came out.
Son Yu-jung’s eyes burned with a golden light.
“What are you guys?”
Even with the Hwaan Geumjeong, which penetrates the truth, they could not accurately confirm their true identity.
It must be because it is the truth.
“… … Buddha’s individual.” Black Seung, who found the orphan, realized why Son Yu-jeong did not have a karma chain.
“There must be a reason for sending you. I won’t ask.”
The difference between Yahweh and Buddha was also evident in the attitude of the black monk.
“But what you hold in your hand is the property of hell. Hand it over to us.”
A terrified Richera screamed.
“Aaaaaa! Don’t fall for those guys! They treat people as objects!”
said the black monk.
“Most of the humans who entered this world
accepts the last and is not purified obediently. However, those who are addicted to pleasure cannot forget the taste and refuse to purify it.”
The worldly obsession was too strong.
“Because they’re like that anyway, even in your world, they’re ignoring the rules and living. A human being who goes against the will of the Buddha, it is a good thing to hand it over to us.”
“no.”
What Heukseung didn’t know was that Son Yu-jeong’s tendency was close to chaos.
“I had this guy first. It’s a fun toy. I will not give it to you.”
Handling things was the same, but Richera nodded with all her might.
“… … I get it roughly.”
The black monk, guessing the Buddha’s ulterior motive, was released into smoke and filled the sky.
-Those who seek the truth in hell, no matter what you realize, you will not be able to accomplish the karma of saving sentient beings.
“You don’t think so?”
Son Yu-jeong struck back, but Black Seung turned into a black whirlpool and disappeared to the other side.
Richera shuddered at the miraculous situation.
“went. gone.”
According to the seniors, there has been no human who has ever been unharmed after being caught by the black monk.
“Then where… …
Richera’s vision snapped back.
“Now what do we do with this?”
The sight of the corners of the mouth raised with mischievous eyes once again made me afraid.
“Salvage, save me. No, at least throw it into the fires of hell. I want to end it now.”
“That is annoying. Rather, I want to get rid of this right now. Do you know anything?”
As Son Yoo-jung scratched the long orphan, Richera’s head spun at the highest speed ever.
“I-I don’t know what it is, but if I go to Raviette, I might be able to solve it.”
“Laviette?”
“They say there are many strange things in Hell. And most of it is said to be produced there. If you are an expert in that field… …
Confidence slowly faded.
“Can I get rid of it? maybe.”
“Hmm, then shall we go there first? If things go well with me, I will listen to your request.”
As he said that, he pulled out a strand of his hair and let it fly, causing a string of light phenomenon.
It was on the same level as Sirone’s material, but this was also a privilege of the lineage.
Richera blinked at Son Yoo-jung, who was quickly dressed.
“Is it magic?”
“It’s similar. It’s inconvenient to wear clothes, but it’s more annoying when you take them off.”
Seeing the blood dripping from Richera’s neck, Son Yu-jeong energized her left hand.
“You should decorate a little too.”
“yes? No, I… Before I could finish my words, my left hand, heated like lava, touched the severed part of his neck.
“Kuaaa! Aagh!”
Richera’s eyes grew bloody from the unexpected pain, and her chin hung open.
The smell of burning flesh lingered, and Yu-jeong removed her hand only before she was about to lose consciousness.
“It’s tidy now.”
“Huh! Whoa!”
Tears flowed at the horror of being turned into a whole with only one face.
“Because it’s cumbersome to carry around.”
She created a chain with a spiky stopper and thrust it into Richera’s neck.
“Keeeeeee! Keeeeee!”
The chain was then wrapped around the waist so that it clung to the lower side.
“complete! Now, shall we start? Which one is it?” In the landscape turned upside down, Richera questioned what she was guilty of in her previous life.
‘Let’s hold on until it is purified.’ Richera, recalling what she had heard from her seniors, said, rolling her eyes from side to side.
“If you can go to a higher place, you will know that this area is the remains of a giant. If you go all the way to the place where the head is placed, it is called Laviette.”
“aha!”
As Yoo-jung, who had bent her body vigorously, jumped up, the ground moved away in an instant.
“Aaaaaaa!”
In Richera’s field of vision, which was spinning around, she saw the remains spread all the way to the horizon.
The city of magic engineering, Laviette.
Lian couldn’t find anything in common with the demons roaming the streets.
“As human emotions are different, the forms of demons are also different. Of course, there are distinct species such as anglerfish and succubus, but the range of changes in form is quite large.” Sirone continued his explanation.
“Human beings based on genes consider even having an extra finger as a mutation. But demons don’t have mutations. If the races are separated according to the devil’s inclination, they are born randomly from then on. So, some demons are vicious… …
“Kuaaa!”
A demon with a monster’s face passed by and revealed her teeth to Sirone. “Some demons have a beauty that doesn’t seem to exist in reality.”
A beautiful woman walking from the other side looked at Sirone and closed one eye.
“Where are you messing around?”
The next moment, demons selling goods on the street knocked her over and stepped on her.
“Two! You seem crazy.”
Sensing the demon’s gaze from behind, Sirone smiled awkwardly and continued.
“It’s not necessarily popular.
hey. After all, is it a world in which shape is not so important?”
“… … Right.”
I couldn’t understand the language of the residents, but I could guess what kind of society it was.
“Sirone, I really have a question.” Lian looked at the many structures that made up this city, not the demons.
“How are you sane watching this?”
As I guessed from the gate, all structures were using humans in some way.
“yes.”
Sirone was calm.
“It would be a lie if I said it didn’t work. However, I have experienced countless times while accepting Omega.”
It was as long as the time the Guffin had been wandering.
“Hey, Yahweh!”
A voice came from a stall selling furniture.
“Why don’t you go buy some of these?” Something you might like just arrived.”
It was in the shape of a person lying face down, and the intestines were empty, as if fish had been sashimi.
“Haha! Haha!”
While watching the face attached to the side exhale, the Demon tribe tapped.
“It’s all right, all right. It means that the finished product was processed as it is. It doesn’t rot easily because it continues to breathe.”
In reality, it was not a prefabricated furniture, but an object made by cutting a log as it is.
“how is it? order one I’ll make it cheaper. ok’?”
The mouth was smiling, but the hostility in the demon’s eyes was as if it were dealing with an enemy.
That was enough for Ryan.
“I’ll make it quietly.”
As she turned to the merchant while clutching the handle of her great sword, Sirone stopped her.
“are you okay. You say that, but you won’t attack me. It’s just a provocation.”
The demon exhaled, exposing its fangs.
“F*ck away! Yahweh!”
As he spat and hissed, the veins in Lian’s neck stood up.
“I’m still pissed off.”
“Because I am the one the demons hate the most. You can’t stay in the city when you’re this excited.”
Rian, who wanted to let Sirone rest for a day, calmed down. Sirone pointed to the restaurant’s sign.
“Are you hungry anyway? Let’s eat something first. I need to hear where the Grand Duke lives.”
“I’m a bit hungry, but… … It was to the point of hunger.
“Haha, then let’s go to that restaurant. It’s my first time actually going in, but it’s still worth eating.”
Ryan looked up at the sign.
Something was written in the language of the demons, and a human arm was hanging and beckoning.
I hope so.”

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-1032.txt
=============YYYYY=============
City of Magic Engineering (1)
“Come on! Paromedon Restaurant… … huh’?”
Paromedon, the owner of the restaurant, opened the door and looked at the two humans entering.
Human form wherever you look.
More than anything else, the moment I met Sirone, a terrible disgust surged from the depths of my heart.
“Yahweh?… ”
The demons know.
From the state of pure demon, where is one’s essence and what one rejects?
The noisy restaurant became quiet and the eyes of the demons who were eating were focused on them.
“I’ll choke before I even eat.”
Since there is no place in Hell that welcomes Sirone anyway, shamelessness was the survival strategy.
“Here are the two of you.”
When I sat down at the table in the middle, Lian thumped his butt across from me.
The demons who had been watching Sirone turned their heads in the spirit of saying, “If you dare, attack me.”
“I can’t do it. I lost my appetite.” Demons stood up at the table in the corner and walked to the counter and handed over their cards.
“Master, check here.”
Laviet was a city where credit loans through bank computerization were established.
A human face was attached to the side of the counter, and the skull was open to reveal the brain.
In the meantime, as I stabbed the card, the person’s eyes began to spin up and down.
Ryan looked around the store.
A gut-like hose was heading into the kitchen, and I could hear my heart beating inside.
“Why do you need this? If you’re just making something, there’s stone and iron in hell.”
“Because the functions of living things remain intact in an unpurified horse. Besides, it is not destroyed.”
Sirone explained.
“The body of a creature has various functions. For example, the brain is used for computation, and the eyes act as lenses or become terminals for transmitting information.”
As I covered my eyes buried in the table with my hand, I heard a sound from the ceiling.
“Master! Take your order!”
“Of course, there are swords that are limited to conventional use, but Raviette is the cutting edge of hell. The functions developed here will spread throughout Hell.”
“Is the Grand Duke at the center of it?”
“yes. maybe use it here
is incomparable to the function… …
Just then, Paromedon, who finished the calculations, approached.
“I ruined business today because of you. Do the main door. Eat quickly and leave.”
Sirone spoke in the language of the Underworld.
“Could you please give me the menu?” Paromedon’s eyes were bloodshot.
I, Sirone, just calmly waited.
“Yahweh, am I in a really bad mood right now? I warn you, just eat it roughly.”
“It’s the menu.”
Whether it’s hell or heaven, you can’t choose roughly when you eat a meal at a restaurant.
“Sheesh!”
Paromedon went to the counter and dropped two menu boards on the table.
“Are you okay?”
Sirone looked at the menu without paying attention.
“Um, so… …
Considering Lian’s power (the power of camouflage), I picked out a few good ones.
“Please give me Pumong, 3 servings of Garbancho, and a large giraffe. Will it be sooner?”
The menu board was collected without an answer.
“Except for demons like Preta, they don’t eat human flesh, so you can rest assured. I don’t know if it will suit your taste because it’s an ingredient that doesn’t exist in reality.”
Garbancho was an offal salad, and Kirinja was a steak the size of a horse’s thigh.
After placing the food, Paromedon brought the bone cup to the mummified man’s face.
When he pressed his left eye, light green juice poured out of the man’s mouth.
“Come on, it’s Pumong.”
Despite the cold treatment of the host, their stomachs were ready to digest any food.
Rian asked as she cut the giraffe into large pieces.
“By the way Sirone, do you have any money? Isn’t Yahweh giving it away for free?”
“Of course it is.”
Sirone took out ‘Death’, the currency of hell.
“Where did you get it?”
“I had it from the beginning. Gold coins in real life become chips with skulls in Hell. Call this Death.”
“Money and death.”
“In the past, there was a tradition of putting money into the hands of the dead. I thought I had to pay the boatman for the boat to cross the impassable river. He needed money to die. That’s where ‘death’ came from. Of course, it seems that the central bank of the chemical corporation is producing it now.”
The smell of meat was strong, but the food was edible, and the pumong was subtly sweet.
Just when the dishes were all emptied, the door slammed open and demons entered.
“Is Yahweh here?”
It seemed that the demons who had left the store after seeing Sirone for the first time were bragging about it in the streets.
While I was watching with my mouth closed with Pumong, a demon resembling a rhino approached.
He pulled out the chair between Sirone and Lian and sat down, resting his chin on the table and said.
“Heh heh, is it true? In fact, it looks filthy and unlucky. What are you doing here?”
“You eat. I can not see?”
“I see. looks very good So you’re asking Depending on the answer… …
The demon’s fist on the table turned black and a thorn like a mace came out.
“Maybe I can show you?” Sirone, who made a handkerchief out of material, calmly wiped his lips and then turned his head.
“If you are going to use force, you know that you have to take care of the aftermath, right?”
“haha!”
The demon raised both arms.
“Ha ha ha! It’s a joke, a joke. Can I really fight against Yahweh?”
Laughter broke out and stopped.
“But I hate you. Do you see what I mean? Even if you tear it to death, your anger won’t go away.”
The demons raised their hands using their elbows as leverage.
“How about arm wrestling? Beat me and I’ll let you stay in the city. Conversely, if I win, I will leave immediately.”
Comparing the size of the hand, it was about the size of an adult and a child, but more important than that was ability.
‘Hidden code.’
The black aura that pulled out the thorns just like a mace was a product of magic engineering.
“Sirone, I’ll do it.”
I couldn’t understand the words, but I wasn’t blind to the extent that I didn’t know what the situation was.
Before Sirone had time to stop, Lian moved and grabbed the demon’s thumb.
“You seem to be using a bit of strength, but where are you going? Now that you’re full, I’ll treat you and help you digest it.”
“Cheuk, you will regret it.”
As the game unfolded, the guests, as well as Paromedon, stopped working and approached.
“now! Single match! Winning or losing is determined by touching the back of the hand to the table or to the ground. Any complaints?”
The demon nodded, and Lian, who didn’t understand, also teared up and laughed.
“start!”
The moment the horse fell, the bodies of Lian and the demons were compressed like rocks, and power was transmitted.
The table split from the start, but the two of them stuck to that state without even a slight movement.
The demon’s face turned red.
“Big! quite!”
As he felt the infinite power of divine transcendence pouring in, the demon’s arms turned black.
“Yaaaa!”
Again, a black thorn came out and pierced the back of Lian’s hand without mercy.
“Good! That’s it!”
The demons cheered, but the eyes of Lian, the party in charge, were the same as the first time.
‘Strangely strong.’
Even the division commander of the army of hell was no match for Lian in a physical confrontation.
Sirone was finally convinced.
‘also… … It’s not complete. A special code is being applied to that demon.’
In fact, the demons’ physical strength was only at the level of a brigade commander when compared to the army of hell.
‘Cheuk, demon material, Desire.’
It was ambitiously developed by the Grand Duke, and it was a material that physically embodies the power of desire.
‘Originally, he told Yahweh to experiment, but it doesn’t matter. After defeating this guy…
As the demon’s fist grew blacker, Lian’s arm began to bend back little by little.
“Yahweh! It’s your turn!”
At the same time, power entered Lian’s eyes.
‘ As the incomparable immense power of divine transcendence rushed in, the demon’s face turned pale.
“What, what!”
A crack appeared on the blackened demon’s arm, and it exploded like a shell.
Then, with a crunching sound, the demon’s elbow grotesquely bent back.
“Aaaaaa! eight! my arms!”
The demons clicked their tongues as they watched him rolling on the floor holding his elbows.
“Sheesh! It’s Kim.”
Those who felt a nasty sense of defeat were seated
Upon returning to the , Sirone asked Lian.
“how was it?”
“… … It was incredibly strong. Something is strange.”
Shirone bent down, picked up the black shell that had fallen on the floor, and examined it.
It seemed to have no special function as it was hardened to the point that it would break even with a little force.
‘One-off, or functional destruction.’
Sirone asked the demon with a broken arm.
“Who ordered you to send it? Be honest. This is not something a demon would carry.”
“I do not know. I don’t know!”
“Okay, I won’t ask.”
If I tried to get an answer in any way, the whole city would be paralyzed.
“Instead, tell the person who sent you. The declaration of war was well received, saying that if we don’t send a message by tomorrow evening, then the city you built may be destroyed.”
It was confirmed that the archduke was behind it as the demons nodded their heads.
“Let’s go, Lian.”
When Sirone paid for the food, Pharomedon frowned and counted deaths.
“What about vandalism?”
“We still don’t know whose fault it is. You’ll find out by tomorrow evening. I’ll come back then.”
“No, that’s okay.”
said Paromedon, baring his teeth.
“Drop in the dung and die.”
When I went out into the city, listening to the bad words, the expressions of the residents were not good, as if the rumor had already spread.
Sirone said.
“It will be difficult to go around any more. Let’s find a place to rest. The Grand Duke will contact you tomorrow.”
“Are you okay? It’s obvious, but I don’t think I have good feelings for you just looking at today’s work.”
“So I want to meet you. The material from a moment ago is probably in the experimental stage. If it is supplied to the army of Hell… …
“Hmm, I guess.”
Sirone and Lian found a nearby lodging.
“It was good to sleep comfortably.”
It was difficult to even breathe in a space where the reproductive organs of all kinds of creatures were clinging.
“Let’s close our eyes for a moment. We’d better wait here until the Archduke comes.”
While asleep with the lights on, La Viette’s temperature dropped exponentially.
oh oh oh oh!
Sirone slowly opened her eyes while hearing the sound of the cold wind like a howl.
Ryan was up first.
“Sirone, someone has come.”
The place where I felt the presence was outside the inn, but the voices of uninvited guests could be heard from the room.
“Sorry for coming in late.” The wall distorted, and a demon wearing a monocle entered and bent over.
“Soin, my name is Bielman. I am here to apologize for what happened during the day and to invite you two.”
“Did the Archduke send it?”
Bielmann responded with a relaxed smile even to a question that hit the point.
“I’d like to say, “You’ll know when you go, but… … . Yes, Archduke Magritte is calling.”
‘It’s faster than expected.’
I wanted to find meaning, but I couldn’t guess the character of the archduke from this alone.
“great. Guide me.”
A luxurious carriage was waiting for them in the freezing cold air.

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-1033.txt
=============YYYYY=============
City of Magic Engineering (2)
Boyd, the deputy chief of the chemical company, took Monoras out of the Marquis of Picaras.
“The boss told me to go to Laviette as soon as possible. If you run diligently… …
Having swallowed up all the huge bribes, the Monolas, whose stomach was rocking, changed direction.
“Then do this. Am I too heavy now? So, I need to empty this.”
The place where Monoras’ gaze was staying was the gambling city ‘Unlucky’.
“Chief Secretary! There is no time for this now!”
Boyd shouted, but Monoras’ body was already flying toward Unlucky.
Meanwhile, in the chemical industry.
“finished.”
Lethe, who stayed up all night doing her official duties, was looking up at the ceiling with a tired face.
Drowsiness poured out as my head was spinning.
“… … I have to work.”
Although he sent Boyd, he couldn’t leave this matter to someone else.
After putting on rags and leaving the president’s office, the employees who had just come to work bowed their heads.
“Boss, where are you going?”
“business trip. go to ravie I’ve processed all the overdue paperwork, so it’ll be fine for a while.”
“You look so tired. You couldn’t sleep last night, right? Even if you close your eyes… …
“are you okay. Everyone works hard. Oh, that’s right, let’s go to a restaurant together. I should bring some snacks that Monolas likes.”
“yes. Let me tell you.”
Employees liked the president of the chemical company.
“Anyway, you are great. I don’t know what to say, but I don’t think I can stand the personality of a blind secretary.”
“Haha, but he’s a good guy on the inside. Since he is the chief secretary, he must have his own difficulties.”
‘It doesn’t seem like it at all.’
Sometimes I wondered if she had amnesia.
hell morning.
Fireworks that smelled of sulfur filled the sky, evaporating the cold of the night.
“Im here.”
The old castle where the Grand Duke lived was one of the largest structures in Laviette.
Unlike the bleak scenery that dominates the city, it was clean and, above all, resembled a building in reality.
“I knew you would like it. Come on in. The Grand Duke is waiting for you.”
Upon entering the castle under the guidance of Bielman, a luxurious dinner was prepared.
“Come, Yahweh. And the companions.”
The grand duke, who was eating at the head of the table, smiled as he put down the tableware.
He had an old man’s appearance, a white beard that came down to his chest, and gave him a benevolent impression.
‘Archduke Magritte.’
Lian’s lack of reaction is clear evidence that he is nervous.
‘Definitely great.’
Compared to the army of hell, it felt like facing a corps commander in the top 10 in the hierarchy.
“If it’s before dinner, why don’t we join you?”
Steam was leaking from the food, which was clearly freshly prepared.
Ryan swallowed his saliva.
Unlike in a restaurant, the food was like people eating, and the utensils were familiar.
“Do you normally eat like this?”
When Sirone asked as they sat facing each other, Lian also quietly sat down next to him.
“If you have lived like this, there is nothing particularly important in the world. Anyway, I paid attention.”
He was even proficient in the common language of the continent, but that made him more wary of Magritte.
‘It’s not an ordinary bet.’
It may not be as strong as the corps commander, but it was a key factor in the current situation.
Sirone asked while eating the prepared food.
“I would like to hear a direct explanation of what happened yesterday. The demons sent by the Grand Duke used strange abilities.”
“It’s entertainment, entertainment. How dare you lay a hand on Yahweh with something like that?”
“So, what is it?”
As their eyes collided for the first time, the atmosphere rapidly cooled.
“Dezire, this is a demonic substance I made.”
Magritte took a step back.
“If you refine muddy hemp with a special technique, you can get a special substance that responds to your desires. About 0.1 gram is extracted from each person who falls into hell.”
How many humans do we need to replace?
“War advances technology. Humans are also desperate, but we can’t be defeated. I was convinced that this substance would bring victory to the demons. the problem is… … Magritte fixed his mouth.
“It means that the psychic realm has been closed. Before Desire was commercialized and supplied to the military.”
In the end, the voice was right.
“If it destroyed the system, it can be fixed, but the woman used the system. You can’t reopen what you got inside and closed. Until she is purified.”
Sirone’s eyes, which took off the pretense, were filled with strength.
“How long will it take?”
“I don’t know. The mechanic must have known, but he didn’t feel like asking. From then on, I was a bit neglected in technology development, and I was wasting my time, and then I played a joke because Yahweh came at the right time.”
Magritte made a face.
“I ask this time. What is a person who is more busy with construction work than I am in this hell?”
“To annihilate the Demon Realm.”
A disastrous system that only high-ranking corps commanders can do was harassing reality.
“I’m thinking of going to a chemical company and negotiating. Perhaps you will have to use your strength.”
“Hmm.”
Magritte stroked his beard.
“Of course, the power of the underworld is based in hell. Are you saying you want to burn the roots because you can’t step on the shoots?”
“okay. I will purify hell. Even if all demons disappear. But if you… … Couldn’t you come up with something better?”
“The threats are going too far. Even though the psychic realm is closed, demons are born endlessly. The army of hell and the corps commander will be restored over time.”
“You want to end it too. I mean the damn bondage between reality and the other side.”
Magritte’s eyes were half-closed.
“Do you believe the legendary precept that not all evil is unrepentant?”
he got up from his seat
“Of course there were things like that. A long time ago. But don’t be mistaken. I am not a being who has attained such lofty realizations. They are one of the common demons who hate Yahweh and hate humans.”
“Is there room for negotiation?”
“Whoops. Do humans negotiate with dogs or pigs?”
Rihanna’s eyes flashed with life.
“Don’t get me wrong. Well, if you’re offended, demons are called dogs or pigs. Anyway, it’s a completely different species. We can never have the same purpose.”
Magritte turned and walked away.
“It was a pleasant breakfast. Then, let everything you want in hell come true…”
Despite the mocking tone, Sirone responded calmly.
“How about opening the psychic realm?” Magritte’s steps stopped.
“… … What do you mean?”
“It is literally. If you can open the psychic realm that is closed by the voice, can you help us?”
Magritte turned to Sirone.
“Even Yahweh is lying. There is no demon who understands the hell system better than I do. Jin Seong-eum, that woman will never find freedom until her karma is done. In other words, it is impossible to open the psychic realm.”
“It can break the karma chain.”
” no.”
“Lian.”
Rian stood up at Sirone’s words and infused powerful power into his entire body.
bang! bang! bang! bang!
Magritte’s brow crumpled as Gehenna’s chains came out of his chest and crashed into the ground.
The next moment, the four chains snapped and were sucked into Lian’s chest.
“… … how?”
Sirone said with a smile.
“How about it, don’t you want to analyze it? There seems to be a hidden code that you don’t know about.”
Is it a system error?
Magritte, who was glaring at Sirone with fierce eyes, raised her right hand in front of her chest.
At the same time, the chain came out of Lian’s stomach and entered his grasp.
“Big!”
When the displeased Lian gave her strength again, Magritte’s hands were heated like molten iron.
Chee Hee Hee!
Even as she heard the burning sound, Magritte looked down at the chain.
He looked at Lian with a serious expression and threw the chain away, crashing into the floor.
“Sheesh!”
After confirming that Rian had cut it off again, he walked to the window with his hands behind his back.
Silence continued for a while.
‘It’s not usually a problem.’
The first person that came to Magritte’s mind was the president of a chemical company.
‘There’s no way Lethe doesn’t know. But the fact that it did not come, no, that Yahweh arrived at me first… …
Will hell be destroyed now?
‘If it’s natural, it can’t be helped.’
How complacent to think that only hell will be safe in the great cycle.
“I’m telling you to prepare lunch.” After saying that, Magritte snapped a finger at Bielmann and moved on.
“Open the underground lab.” Upon arriving at the Archduke’s laboratory, a young succubus about 1 meter tall came running.
“Hello, Grand Duke. yes?”
The face of the succubus who found Sirone turned pale.
“Hey, Yahweh!”
Instinctively, he invoked the ability of a dreamer, but far from being tempting, it was just cute.
“A guest. Be respectful.”
The Archduke turned around in front of the central device while the succubus, whose powers had been released, made a dazed expression.
“This is Merkede, who manages the lab. For the time being, that child will be at the mercy of Yahweh.”
Ryan looked around.
There were well over 200 huge glass tubes containing human samples.
“Are they all dead?”
“Death in reality is ‘sleep without awakening’, but in hell death is only purification. Well, if you mean ‘sleep without waking’, I’ll leave it at that.”
Sirone asked.
“Why did you bring us here?”
“Breaking the chains of Gehenna alone is not enough to conclude that the system is faulty. First, we’ll examine Lian’s body. And, if possible, Yahweh also supports us. It will serve as reference data.”
When Magritte activated the device, two capsules opened with the sound of wind.
“You can go in here.”
Lian thought of a human sleeping in 200 glass coffins, but Sirone moved on.
“Wait, Sirone. It could be a trap.”
” are you okay.”
Sirone did not stop.
“The Archduke enjoys fighting brains with the enemy, but he doesn’t hang on to his opponent’s weakness.”
The Grand Duke that Guffin knew was such a demon.
all.
“Yes?”
Magritte turned away from Sirone’s gaze and turned to the device.
“Come in. It won’t take long.”
As Sirone and Lian entered the capsule, the door closed and transparent water filled it.
As soon as the water rose to his chin, Lian turned his head away, but Sirone remained calm.
The inside of the capsule was filled with water, and after 5 seconds the water level quickly went down.
Merkede reported.
“Scan complete. It will be transmitted to the Demon World screen.”
“Hmm.”
Magritte inspected the rectangular steel plate containing a shallow layer of blood-red liquid.
Lian’s information was derived.
“This, this… … !”
A number that could not be seen in any demons was engraved on the red plate.

=============ZZZZZ=============
