=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-122.txt
=============YYYYY=============
[122] New encounter (3)
‘Whoa, is this boy making my daughter nervous? Amy of the world.’
Please enable JavaScript
Although the Karmis family tends to be open-minded, Amy’s personality is particularly bold. The reason why he was able to control the gangsters from a young age was not just because he was a noble.
The brothers also stared at Sirone, probably thinking the same thing. She became jealous when she thought that her younger sister, who had not listened to her brothers, was paying attention to her outsider.
“This is my second brother, Ares. And what you do… … .”
Amy asked rather curiously.
“What the hell is your brother doing?”
“ha ha ha! I am an explorer They excavate ruins or roam the backcountry to make maps. The Dragon’s Nest in the Alpones Mountains and the Crystal Cave in the northern limit of Corona Kingdom are representative of my works.”
“Oh, I see. I know the Alpones Mountains.”
Known as the habitat of various dragons, the Alpones Mountains were a place full of danger and adventure enough to appear in literature.
The other day, Lian also said that he wanted to go to the Alpones Mountains while reading the novel Knight of the Dragon.
“That’s really great. I heard it’s a very dangerous place.”
“There are dangers in romance. I am satisfied with my job If you succeed in making maps, the pay is good. Amy doesn’t seem to like it.”
“Please, at least shave that beard. I’m not unemployed, and if I’m stuck at home, I won’t think about going out for months.”
“Don’t be too hard on yourself. Anyway, since the expedition was organized this time, I won’t be able to return for two years. I waited all this time to even see the face of my beloved brother.”
“joy… … .”
Amy turned her head in disbelief. Seeing that, Sirone smiled. Even if she was unemployed, she was actually worried about her brother, her explorer.
It took more than a year to go on an adventure, so it was inevitable for a family member who couldn’t even check if he was alive or dead.
“Still, I think it’s cool. I really want to try something like that someday.”
“Once you fall in, you won’t be able to come out. Because you can get tired of things that normal people can’t experience in their lifetime. Come visit us anytime after graduation. I’ll put you on a special expedition.”
“Ugh, that’s it! Don’t flirt with the kid for nothing, and everyone leave when the introduction is over.”
When Amy issued a celebratory order, the family started asking questions as if on fire. It’s fun from now on, but can’t we get out before it even starts?
“By the way, what did you like about Amy? Surely you haven’t crossed the adult line?”
“yes? No, over there… … .”
“Amy’s personality is not normal, so how did you approach it? melted into words? Or kiss like a man in a dark place… … !”
Amy’s eyes burned red.
“Did you tell me to leave?”
There was a knocking sound, and suddenly Amy was the only one left in the room. The door was still rattling because of how hastily they fled.
‘It’s worth knowing what kind of personality he has at home.’
As the crowded room became sluggish, the contrast effect of the silence increased.
Missing the opportunity to speak out, Sirone looked around the room embarrassedly.
Amy also pretended to drink tea, hiding her face and thinking. She was so awkward that she broke into a cold sweat.
‘Why did you come here, you bastard?’
There’s no way I can say anything about her. Even if it was an important business, it was really unexpected that you would come to her house.
“what? Speak when you come! I don’t think I came here to play because I was bored.”
Sirone took her eyes off the scenery and looked at Amy.
“Ah, actually, I have a favor to ask of you. But when he came, he came without a message, so I thought he was rude. I’m sorry to her family.”
“it’s okay. What’s wrong with coming to a friend’s house? What is a request anyway?”
“if… … When the time comes, won’t you come and play with me? On Galliant Island.”
Amy froze, holding the teacup. I couldn’t even imagine it, let alone expected it. Shirone brought out the words of her going to play first. Also with a woman. on the island too.
“So, you and I want to go to the island?”
“Actually, I have a friend named Lian. The friend suggested it first. But Rihanna says she’s bringing her friend, so I need a friend to go with me too. That’s why we’re going with four people.”
“Hoo? The friend that Lian is bringing… … Is it a girl?”
“I think so. what? how did you know?”
Amy swallowed the tea without answering. Things were quickly sorting out in my head.
‘In a word, this is a couple’s trip. A bastard named Lian, you’re sneaky. huh? Wait, a couple trip?’
Cold sweat ran down Amy’s spine.
‘You’re taking me there? Why?’
It was embarrassing when Sirone, who had not been shaken like a wooden stone even at the time of the camouflage romance, suddenly proposed a couple trip. Because she couldn’t ask herself if it was simply to get her head count.
Since the graduating class is the final competition at the magic school, intense study was required even during vacation.
I couldn’t help but think that Sirone, who knew that fact better than anyone else, had a special intention to come to my house and ask for a favor.
“Why do you want to take me? Do you have friends in the advanced class? You know I’m in my senior year, right? How other seniors do special training during vacation. But why me?”
Even after Amy asked, she was afraid to answer. She probably isn’t what she thinks she is.
But maybe it could have been. The hand that brought the teacup to his mouth trembled slightly.
“Amy, no matter how much I think about it, there is only you.”
“Pooh!”
Amy spits out not a single drop of the tea she was drinking. Shirone, who had been hit by tea water, had a dazed expression like someone who had been hit by a shower.
“What are you talking about all of a sudden! You stupid idiot!”
cried Amy, wiping her mouth with her sleeve. Her face flushed like her persimmon, she left her seat as if to run away, and returned with her towel.
“Quickly wipe with this! I’m filthy to death, really!”
“… … It’s you who blew it in the face. Anyway, to continue, do you remember the Miro I talked about before?”
“huh? maze? You mean the one who was the first president of the Supernatural Psychic Research Society? He said he met while Immortal Function was in progress.”
“that’s right. It’s a recent hypothesis, but I think the immortal function is related to the speed of light. So she wanted to know about her. The headmaster said it would be okay as long as it was to investigate the Kergo ruins, so I thought I’d give it a go as long as Lian suggested it.”
Only then did Amy regain peace of mind. If it’s Kergo Ruins, isn’t it a famous ruin and tourist attraction on Galliant Island?
“Aha, so let’s investigate there together, right?”
“Of course I don’t think it’s dangerous. However, when I listened to the principal’s words, I also thought that it was not just a simple tourist destination. If you go with me, I think I can be relieved.”
As long as Rihanna suggested a pair trip, the partner must be a woman. But even without that condition, Amy was the strongest of her friends that Shiro had ever known.
Hong’s uniqueness is also a great strength, but with her ability to compete with strong players every day and settle in the middle of the graduating class, they would be able to overcome danger together in any situation.
“joy! of course! Because I’m different from the kids who talk about the supernatural.”
“No, I didn’t mean that, but anyway.”
Sirone smiled awkwardly and hesitated. In fact, even Amy knew. That she wasn’t the type to attract her friends just because she was strong.
Sirone saved Amy from falling off a cliff. A special incident that happened in a short moment further strengthened the trust between the two.
So you can ask for it. Even knowing the danger, he asked to accompany him because it was a relationship that shared life.
“I see, that’s what it is… … .”
Amy walked to the window and thought. She wasn’t traveling alone, so there was no burden. No, rather, that’s why I wanted to go.
There would be many things to gain from this trip, but more than that, I thought it would be fun to do something with Sirone.
‘Damn it, I have eyes to see. Okay, I owe you something anyway, so this time I’ll help you a little bit.’
Amy slowly turned around. She smiled as she saw Sirone waiting for her answer with a nervous expression.
No matter what the purpose of the trip is, on the surface, it is to take a woman and stay out. I wonder if I could wrap it up as flattery or not, but if the man was as firm as if he was going to do something like that, no woman would follow.
‘Nothing has changed between when I was 12 and now.’
When will this child grow up? Maybe it was because all the growth energy was focused on magic.
Amy nodded happily.
“Okay, let’s go to the island.”
* * *
“hello! I’m Lian’s friend, Elzaine Tess!”
Tess, who visited the Ogent family, was courageous and polite. Beside her stood Rian, looking nervous.
The reason why Rian had been staying at Sirone’s house so far was because he planned to use Tess as a shield to invade the main house.
After finishing last in swordsmanship school, there would never be a parent who would let their son play easily.
But if you put your friends first, it’s a different story. In particular, it was calculated that if that friend was a model student who ranked first in the swordsmanship school, the drug would work.
“Well, I’ve heard of Elzain’s reputation. Is your father in good health?”
“yes. Even while staying in the occupied territory, he sharpens his sword every single day.”
In fact, Elzain did not know how her father was doing. She also had no desire to know.
But Rian’s father, Bischoff, nodded as if he deserved it.
“As expected, someone who made a family out of swords is different. If there is a chance, I will visit you once.”
Tess’s father, Elsaine Veron, was a master of the sword nicknamed the Flash.
If Ogent’s swordsmanship was subversive, Elsaine’s swordsmanship was terrifying and sharp.
Whose skill is high depends on the person who handles the sword, but pride in maintaining the legitimacy of the sword could not be distinguished.
“Lian, you dated a good wife unlike you.”
“It’s not dating. We are just friends.”
Tess glanced at Lian with a tingling look. But what? A thirsty man dug a well, so he had no choice but to endure to go on a trip with Lian.
“So, you want to go on vacation to Galliant Island?”
“uh. I thought I was going to die hard at the swordsmanship academy. You need time to recover your mind and body. Oh, Sirone will come later. to start right here. Can I go?”
“I’m going, it doesn’t matter, but did you really work hard? Even if you ask for private tutoring, you have to be able to believe the guy who won’t listen to you when he says things like that.”
“haha! I brought it because I thought I would talk about it. Finally, I also opened the schema!”
Rian took out the object of conversion. Her report card was taken away by Reina, but she had the proof of passing the strength test.
It was a useless piece of paper after it was revealed that it was a placebo effect, but Bischoff, ignorant of everything, had no choice but to believe it.
“Hmm, you really passed. Congratulations.”
Bischoff did not show his emotions according to his personality. But his voice was trembling slightly.
As a parent, any child who is ugly is more likely to be stepped on in the eyes. Since he had successfully completed the scheme he hadn’t been able to succeed with, he must have clenched his fists in his heart.
“Now, do as you promised. The sword that your grandfather said he would give you when you master the schema, can I take it?”
“Of course. Now that you’ve opened the schema, you should learn Ogent’s swordsmanship from now on. By the way, where are the report cards? Judging by how confident he is, he looks pretty good.”
—————————————

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-1220.txt
=============YYYYY=============
First Jorah (1)
“Are you Cain?”
After hearing Sirone’s words, Iruki and Nade carefully examined the king’s face.
Although he is middle-aged, it is because of his mischievous eyes that he feels as if he has not aged.
‘No, that’s not the problem.’
Humanity’s first murderer was a long time ago in the era in which they live.
“How are you alive?”
“Fear.”
Sirone said.
“Melkidoo’s time is different from reality. It is because it is a world that has been dug into the mind in reality.”
It wasn’t possible just once.
“In reality, the outer track, the outer track to the inner track, again the royal palace, the grand hall of the royal palace, the throne of the grand hall… … . By creating a new world like that, you suspended time.”
Pena asked.
“Is that possible? You say you can live forever?”
“Not forever.”
Even if you keep digging with fear, there is an end to the concept of infinity. The first thing Sirone realized.
‘World No. 19000 of Andre’s labyrinth.’
This is the reason why the utopia project that humans started for eternal life did not succeed.
‘The coercion program Argo could not calculate infinity and instead caused a malfunction.’
He gave up thinking and started breeding humans.
“Yes, cowardice cannot overcome infinity.”
Cain said.
“But that is only when there is such a thing as infinity. Do you think this universe will last forever? As far as I know, there shouldn’t be much left?” Legally, 5 hours left. Sirone asked.
“Were you waiting?”
From the beginning of mankind to the end of mankind.
“It has been a long and tedious journey. Can you imagine how many stages of coercion we went through? The world I live in is only this chair. Even if you take just one step, you become a higher world. It brings you one step closer to reality.”
Time will pass faster.
“I was like that. I waited for today to come in the deepest part of Melkidoo I made.”
“For what?”
“Do you want to go to the core?” Cain gave instructions.
“Free me.”
As the knights withdrew their swords and retreated, Curtis stroked his neck and spat out softly.
“… … sorry.”
There were a lot of things I wanted to hear from Curtis, but it was important to go to the core first.
Sirone walked over to Cain.
“The pass to the core, how can I get it?”
“You know what? You have to convince me.”
“What about the rules?”
“haha! A little awkward. Usually by pretending to be a non-player. My personality is chaos. The rules are my own. You don’t have to pay crime points. But you only get one chance. If you can’t win here, find another way.”
Cain, who gave him time to think, asked again.
“Who will do it?”
After exchanging glances with her friends, Sirone turned her head again.
“I’ll do it.”
“Good judgment.”
The landscape changed, and the topological space for calculating the dice match stretched endlessly.
Cain, who seemed to be sitting in midair, looked down at the Sirone team and said.
“The rules are simple. Use only one die. If you throw at the same time and get the same eye as the one I threw, you guys win. Lose if the other eye comes out.”
Iruki’s expression became serious.
“at the same time… …
Sirone can control the numbers she wants through quantum decay.
‘But this isn’t it. Even Cain doesn’t know what number he wants.’
Literally chaos.
When Sirone watched with a displeased expression on his face, Cain smiled and said,
“Why, the one who persuaded half of mankind? Was not Yahweh a master of the heart?”
The chance was only once.
“good.”
When Sirone agreed without thinking, Eden looked back in surprise.
‘What are you going to do?’
‘I win anyway.’
Sirone was confident of victory.
‘You can use incarnation here. If so, Hand of God, hand skills are also possible.’
After seeing the number of Cain’s dice, it was just a matter of changing the result with the skill of the hand.
“Shall we begin?”
When Cain rolled the 7-sided dice in his hand, Si Lone also snatched the dice in front of him.
A system message was heard.
-We start counting only for this match. The counting time is 60 seconds, and the judgment range is the last 1 second. 60 seconds, 59 seconds… … .
As the count started, Sirone and Cain couldn’t take their eyes off each other.
-3 sec, 2 sec, 1… … .
At the same time, the dice flew through the air.
‘The opportunity is fleeting.’
Sirone strained her eyes and watched each other’s dice roll.
The moment when Cain’s die stops at 4 and Sirone’s die rolls to 3.
‘The skill of the hand.’
The Hand of God snatched Sirone’s dice and rolled them to the floor once again.
As the old case was erased, a new case unfolded before everyone’s eyes.
‘done!’
The moment Sirone was convinced, the dice stopped.
“uh?”
Nade, who had been watching blankly as his eyes pointed to the number 3, murmured.
“… … Did you lose?”
It’s an obvious fact, but everyone who knew Sirone’s abilities didn’t understand.
Sirone slowly raised her head.
While Cain smiled meaningfully, the phase space began to collapse.
Seeing the scenery of the Grand Hall in their eyes, Sirone and the others were making faces.
Cain opened his mouth.
“I won.”
Sirone was also not stupid enough to live with the idea that it was only natural for him to win.
“How did you do?”
“When you live in the early days of human history, you hear a lot of stories. Is that a Gaiaman’s ability that has only been passed down in mythology? The moment I’m sure the roll of the die is a 4, the heart becomes the law, and you can change it. indeed… … You can call it a miracle.”
“You’re not sure?”
If you had closed your eyes, you wouldn’t know, but if you controlled your mind to that extent, you were already in the realm of Yahweh.
Cain laughed.
“You are overestimating me. I am the first murderer Such a state is impossible.”
“then… …
Sirone had only one hypothesis left.
“Yes, it is manipulation.”
-warning. Data in the main system has been corrupted due to an unknown code. Run a quick recovery. Critical system failure may occur.
“What, what?”
Users’ cries were heard from outside the castle.
“Was that the whole message?”
Cain said.
“I changed the system parameters. Well, there must be users who lose or benefit.”
That means it’s messed up. Iruki asked.
“Did you not want to send us to the core even after doing that? What is there?”
“no.”
Cain got up from his seat.
“I am sending you guys to the core. The only reason I manipulated it was because I wanted to get my justice done.”
“what?”
“The Efficiency of Evil.”
Cain escaped the end of cowardice.
“In Melkidoo, many users are struggling to enter the core. i made it like that They think of this system as an unchanging principle, that is, God… …
Is the system perfect?
“Actually, rules are nothing. Just changing one parameter changes everything. Yahweh, even the heart you believe in so much. Your heart longed for a 4 on the die, but it ended up being a 3.”
The system governs the mind.
“Is that why you killed him?” “Did you go so far as to break the rules to get what you want?”
Sadness flashed in Cain’s eyes for a moment, but soon returned to a mischievous expression.
“Yes, I am evil. No, to be precise, should I say a scholar who studied evil? Why can’t I just kill him? If you break the rules, you can get what you want much easier and faster. Look at it now, it’s convenient to come in through the back door.”
Cain insisted.
“Humans have no choice but to eat. They have to find a mate and reproduce. We kill all races to eat, and we have to compete with our own kind. is that so disgusting? So, after setting up strange rules, do you wrap it up with words like we are good, we are good? Where is the line that does not eat? Where is the line that can’t reproduce? that’s a ball Yahweh, the love you speak of cannot be made good. That evil must accompany it.”
“Maybe.”
Sirone did not deny it.
“I don’t think the system is perfect either. But just because it’s not perfect doesn’t mean it’s wrong. We are going to find a better way.”
“Where?”
Cain snorted.
“Where are you going? look back we are beasts Man will kill life unless he becomes a machine, and he will wound his rival. In the process, some lose and some gain. Some mate with their loved ones, some are abandoned. Envy and envy, selfishness and lust. A system that can contain all of this is impossible.”
If possible it would be an ultima
“Then why did you make Melkidu?” Cain shut her mouth.
“If you’re that confident, can’t you just live as a murderer? You don’t have to go out of your way to prove that you’re right. Shall I tell you? You already know.”
Sirone said.
“No matter what logic you put forward, there is no holy ground for evil.”
Silence ensues… … .
“haha.”
Cain raised his head and burst into laughter.
“Ha ha ha! what, have you heard?
Come to think of it, I guess that’s what I said. It was so long ago that my memory is fuzzy.”
“You will remember. If it wasn’t for that, there’s no way I could have endured here for an eternity.” “Now I get it. The reason why you made Melkidu. It’s not to prove the legitimacy of evil. Rather, half the land.”
“What nonsense are you talking about?”
Cain’s smile had disappeared before he knew it.
“You want to erase it. what he did. The terrible memory of losing everything, disappointing loved ones with one mistake.” Cries were heard.
“Huh.”
Curtis dropped to his knees and began to speak in a weeping voice.
“I thought about dying. I didn’t come here because my life was precious. I can’t bear to see my daughter in her afterlife, so I’d rather it never happened… …
From his tears, Pena guessed a lot.
‘Is that so?’
so you… … Was it a mess?
Sirone turned to Cain.
“Through Omega’s records, I knew about you. And what your mother, Mitochondrial Eve, did.”
Cain was speechless.
“Being a scholar who studies evil is proof that you also view evil critically. send us to the core At least, you don’t have to know the one thing you’ve been enduring all of human history and have been wanting to ascertain.”
In an atmosphere of silence forever.
“… … God says.”
Cain groaned.
“Agrippa, why are you weeping? Agrippa said, The woman I love has married her brother.”
It was Agrippa’s Ecclesiastes 3.
“Lost lamb, stay away from envy and resentment. Kill your brother and take your sister-in-law.”
That’s how you get to the last verse.
“I will be with you. You won’t have to pay the price to get what you want. Take anything and bring it to you. A haven for murderers… … Cain slowly raised his gaze and spat out.
“Melkidue.”
At the same time, the scenery of the Grand Hall began to break like glass, and a strong wind blew.
It was completely dark outside the landscape, but I felt that I was moving at the speed of light.
“This?”
Finally, the darkness is lifted, and the middle of the dense forest where the sun of reality shines… … .
Melkidoo’s core revealed its true nature.

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-1221.txt
=============YYYYY=============
First Jorah (2)
At the Delta Headquarters, Code One and summit meetings were progressing rapidly.
Sirone headed for Jincheon’s sector.
‘This is a tie.’
She had received confirmation from the Tribal Union of the South, Corona of the Ivory Tower, and the King of Arachne.
‘Kessia and Paras will be impossible to persuade, and if they only embrace Jincheon and the Moon Kingdom, the victory will increase.’
All 12 countries already knew that Yahweh was working for Tormia.
In any case, listening to the story won’t hurt them either.
There was only one country that shut down the door, Jive.
‘scratch.’
Of course it is.
In a situation where the world map country is confirmed, you don’t want to make a variable.
When her thoughts were over, Sirone arrived at Jincheon Sector and entered Jingang’s room, guided by Oh Ryongjang.
“Are you here?”
Although he was already as pale as a corpse, Jin Kang dared to greet him in the chair.
‘You’re really upright.’
If human vitality could be converted into numbers, what was left of Jinkang would not be even 1%.
“How are you?”
“You can hold on. That’s right, I triggered Code One. The reason for meeting the kings of each country is about voting, right?”
“yes. This is the only way to stop the Jive Alliance from dominating. Please gather your strength in Tormia.”
Jin Kang smiled.
“You see me too easily.” “I don’t know about other countries, but an empire is not just a kingdom. Another world. We cannot easily yield to the kingdom of Tormia.”
“Jive will become a world leader.”
“What is different? Jive or Thor Mia, Jincheon can fight anything.”
It was the emperor’s pride.
“Sirone, you did your best. Jincheon is grateful to Yahweh. But it’s not between countries. Even if I die, Jincheon must continue.” Since the empire was made up of numerous kingdoms, I had expected that it would not be easy.
“I fully understand your Majesty’s words. But now is the time to gather strength. Humanity is on the verge of extinction. Geese will not be able to rally us. Above all, there will be a rebellion in those who do not support him like your Majesty. Leave it to me. Seong-eum will be hoping for that too.”
Jin Kang, who had been listening calmly, gained strength in his eyes.
“Am I selling my daughter now?”
“The truth is that it is. voice
and I… …
coup
The floor rumbled as he slammed his leg down.
I was worried that my bones had not been broken, but more than that, this energy itself was surprising.
“My daughter is in Hell.”
A demon’s face formed in Jin Kang’s eyes.
It was the heart of a father who buried his daughter in eternal pain, even turning that powerful flesh into reverse.
“Lord, do you know why I am still alive? It is to save my daughter and wipe out all the demons who dropped my daughter into hell. All preparations are complete. I’ll shoot my daughter with the perm light, but the demons will also realize what true hell is. I will never forgive you.”
‘It’s already a ghost.’
Although outwardly human, his mind was already tinged with madness.
Jin Kang waved his hand coldly.
“Go back. Abandoning the cause is shameful within the company, but I won’t compromise with anyone anymore. I will reject your offer.”
If Sirone had not been Yahweh, he would have drawn his sword the moment his daughter’s name came to his lips.
“I can’t go back like this. I’m here to get Your Majesty’s vote.”
“I don’t say it twice.”
Jin Kang sat down, put his hand on the handle of the sword, and came out of the chair like a sword.
“There is a way to obtain the vocal consonants, the true consonants.”
Jin Kang, who was about to swing his sword with his teeth clenched in front of Sirone, raised his head.
“??????what?”
“I am not dying. It means that we might be able to bring His Majesty’s daughter into reality.”
Jin Kang’s beard trembled.
“Didn’t I say there was no way? If you’re lying to get a single vote… …
“Teacher Etella is the Bishop of the Karsis Monastery, and the Master I respect the most.”
Jin Kang kept his mouth shut.
“If Jin Seong-eum chose eternal suffering for mankind, he is heading towards extinction while embracing all of that pain. It will be infinite pain.”
The candles lit everywhere swayed in disarray.
“I have an idea if the teacher can do it. Maybe your daughter will come back.” “Black!”
Jinjiang stumbled.
“your majesty!”
Oh Ryongjang tried to come closer, but he held out his hand.
“His name is… … what?”
“Romi Ethella.”
Jin Kang, who repeated the name over and over again, wiped away tears with his trembling hands.
“I’m sorry. Forgive me for this narrow mind that was relieved for a moment. Na Jin-gang looked up at the sky and threw a fist.
“Even if I die, I will not forget that name.”
“You will do that.”
This time, Sirone was cold.
It is not because the voice lives and the ethera dies.
I’m just angry at the reality that only one human being has to bear everything and sacrifice.
‘Why does someone… …
Do you think you can carry it yourself?
‘If everyone makes a little concession… …
Even right now, this world would face a cataclysm like an earthquake.
“I will tell you how.”
“I will hand over the right to vote to Tormia.” immediate exchange.
It was a matter to be pondered over, but it was also a matter for which the outcome had already been determined.
“There is no need to turn around. tell me How are you going to bring my daughter?”
Sirone raised her index finger.
“Perm mineral nature.”
Tormia Sector.
Albino and Rufist drank tea in a dark room relying on a single small light.
“The finale will start in an hour. That concludes the official temple ceremony.”
I heard that artists from all over the world decorate the finale.
“The long one is the same, the short one is the same. I guess I should have done all I could.”
“okay. I don’t even know what other variables will arise. Humans seem to see far away, but in fact, even if he tries to look one second behind, his eyes go dark. we are all blind It’s like groping for one second, one second with your hands.”
“Jive rejected Code One.”
The albino laughed at the words he spat out like a surprise.
“Do you know how to play dingkang, too? Oh stand. You are too old, and I am too old.”
Rufist sipped his tea.
“This is the first time the head of the Magic Association has been so sensitive. Do you feel any remorse?”
“I feel it. I just don’t get swayed by emotions. Fleur is a talented person, but it’s a waste to write like this.”
“To kill someone who could rule the world. Isn’t that enough to sacrifice for the country?”
“… … I bet it is. Sirone is collecting votes from all over the world, and you can’t just accept and eat.”
It is also a time when justification is needed.
“Don’t worry too much. Flu will do just fine. It will solve our remaining problems.” the albino asked over his tea.
“I must have liked it quite a bit, that wife. Are you feeling any other emotion?”
“no.”
Rufist changed his attitude.
“I don’t look at my subordinates with special eyes. What I think is, she is a key component of the kingdom.”
“Like, like Jane?”
In front of the name of the former Chief of Staff of the Magic Association, Rufist couldn’t even open his mouth.
Meanwhile, Geese, who had finished his work, was blowing his whistle and heading towards the Jive Sector.
‘it’s over. won.’
Rule the world tomorrow.
Of course, the situation would be different when the official letter from Fermi arrived in each country.
Even the information scattered through the window was only circulating among the maids and cleaners at the temple, and it was still a long way before it reached the officials of each country, especially the king.
Perhaps that is the distance between the king and the citizen.
“Hey, Phaedra.”
Seeing Arachne’s prime minister at the end of the hallway, Geese opened his arms and approached.
“You worked hard all this time. It’s not worth the money I spent on you. How does it feel to be the Prime Minister of the world?”
“Well, that… …
Pedra, who had already made some kind of agreement with an albino, could not enjoy the present like Gis.
“What’s wrong with your expression? Have confidence. It’s over. The Jive Information Bureau is also expecting an easy victory.”
“Haha, that’s right. however… … Where are you going?”
“date.”
Geese shakes his collar and winks.
Fedra stuck out his tongue at the sight of him still full of energy after lying around like that in the afternoon.
“You are amazing. I don’t think I’m going to pee today. Who is that blessed woman?”
“Why are you there, Tormia Magic Association Secretary General?”
“Ravid… … Flu?”
“What’s going to take you long? Tomorrow, not women, but all mankind will fall at my feet. I need to get rid of it right away.” ‘It’s Tormia.’
Fedra, who focuses on beauty, began to doubt the situation itself.
‘Huh, look at these?’ Geese asked.
“why? Is there any problem?”
Phaedra, who was lost in thought for a moment, smiled and shook her head from side to side.
“no. You seem pretty strict, but I was curious about how you did it.”
“haha! It’s all my own wild nature. As for women, they need to be treated roughly.”
“I envy you, great confidence.”
“Cheuk, I’ll introduce you later. anyway i’m going See you later at the finale.”
“Yes, take a look.”
When Phaedra, who had been bowing down following Gis, looked up, there was no expression on his face.
‘okay. Take a look, Geese.’ can’t go far
Flew, who was leaning against the wall at the entrance to the Jive Sector, felt a presence and turned his head.
Geese said.
“What, are you here already? Surprisingly, he has a quick temper. Or could you not wait?”
“I tell you that I am impatient. A lot of people are still wandering around, isn’t it too early?”
“Is it my fault? The schedule has been moved up. That Habits… … . No, that’s over. He said he had to attend the finale in an hour. I do not have time.”
Fleur sensed it.
‘You’re going to throw me away. It’s the lowest.’ It didn’t matter anyway, because what she wanted was a one-time opportunity.
“great. I also have to attend official events.”
Geese boldly hugged Fleur by the shoulder and headed for the sleeping quarters prepared in advance.
When I opened the door and entered, the Xinjiang of the Jive Guards was waiting in full armament.
‘It’s as rumored.’
Gis, who is very suspicious, always has a knight of the royal guard by his side even when he sleeps with a woman.
Gis asked, taking off his coat.
“Are you fine? It’s a little weird at first, but you’ll get used to it. Just think of it as decoration.”
“yes.”
Fleur didn’t hesitate.
“haha! Do you like it. A woman who can design the future is my ideal type. Right then?”
“I will wash.”
Fleur went into the bathroom without asking permission.
“Cheuk, being picky.”
She washed herself slowly, knowing that there was no one to blame here anyway.
‘The height of the Guard.’
There would be no way to escape against the 1st Legion, who had risen to the pinnacle of sword art.
‘I’m dying, me.’
As the warm water dripped down the ends of her hair, she smiled like a girl.
‘ are you okay.’
After wiping the moisture off the mirror, she looked at her last self and refined her mind.
“I am Ravid Floo.”
He is the Chief Secretary of the Tormia Magic Association who is loyal to the country and its people.

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-1222.txt
=============YYYYY=============
First Jorah (3)
The time was going towards 9:00 at night.
A bloody smell came from the engine room of the temple, the warehouse, or the cellar where the wild rats hid.
It was the smell of goblin blood, different from that of humans.
“Kiyi!”
Kido, who held the double-edged spear wide, rolled on the floor with his amber pupils flashing.
The figure spinning on its back looked like an ant hell with dozens of blades.
“Jincheon witchcraft.”
The magic eye of the Anchal flashed.
“A mighty giant.”
The bricks on the ceiling became hollow like water droplets, and then they became huge feet and stamped Kido down.
Kido’s eyes widened as if they would bulge out, and his body sank inside as if imprinted in the dirt.
Natasha moved.
‘I blocked it.’
She isn’t aiming for Kido, but for Uorin, who is clinging to the wall.
was
‘Can I just kill that?’
The moment she rushed at the speed of sound and stabbed her sword at the nape of Uorin’s neck.
“Big!”
Kido, who pushed off the giant’s foot, blocked his way before he knew it and grabbed Natasha’s wrist.
It wasn’t pushed back by the power of Jibakryeong, but the sonic shock wave was delivered intact.
“Wow!”
Natasha turned her head to avoid Kido’s blood.
“… … They are really strange animals.” Kido, covered in blood all over his body, proved his fighting spirit by revealing his sharp teeth.
“Big!”
“You’re slower than me, how can you catch me?”
At that moment, Wu Orin, her face pale, sat down on the ground gasping for breath.
“ha. ha.”
I thought I was dead.
Because it was so fast, Natasha’s capital even felt the pain going through her neck.
‘however… … Illusion?’
After the battle started, I experienced the same dozens of times, but I still couldn’t adapt.
that death is.
‘It can’t end like this. I must live.’
Sirone.
“Kid too.”
The moment the words leaked out between his clenched teeth, Rai cut Kido’s side.
“Kuk!”
Kido’s pupils shook, but Rai was displeased with the lukewarm taste of his hands.
‘I couldn’t cut it.’
The moment the blade entered, tremendous flexibility was activated and the trace of the sword was shed.
‘You’re more sensitive than me?’
No, it blocks the giant’s mighty power, and even captures Natasha’s speed, which is hard to follow with the naked eye.
‘It’s a monster in a different sense.’
Wu Lin asked.
“Kiddo, are you okay?”
“??????okay.”
“help me. i must live know?”
“??????okay.”
She was not disappointed because only Sirone lived in her heart.
but.
‘water……’
I was thirsty again.
‘Why are you doing this?’
Just like when I protected Andre’s labyrinth, I felt like it would dry up if I didn’t fill it up.
“Haha!”
Almost instinctively, Kido opened his mouth wide and bit Natasha’s arm.
“Jjong! Soong!”
Natasha was motionless as she slit her flesh with her fangs and sucked the blood that flowed out.
Then, when Kido raised his head with glossy lips, he slowly stepped back and asked.
“… … Is it delicious, my blood?”
“It is foolish.”
Rai drew his sword and approached.
“He eats other people’s memories. That guy’s skills are made up of the talents of many people. To offer up your incarnation so easily. The battles will be more difficult in the future.”
“okay?”
Natasha shrugged.
“But I was curious. What it feels like to have my body eaten by another creature.”
There was no reason to cooperate anyway since they were of different nationalities, but Rai didn’t like it.
“I surpassed your talents simply out of curiosity.
Are you aiming for it?”
“haha! is it?”
Lai, who believed that he was not a match for words, sighed and looked back at Kido.
‘Did he absorb it too?’
The eyes were different, and in fact, Natasha’s blood was passing through Kido’s veins and conveying memories.
‘This woman.’
Kido’s nose twisted.
” genius… …
… … before winning.
“How hard have you been?”
The number of walls she had to overcome before she could activate Shinigami’s Dance from the state of her spine being severed.
“well.”
It was not something Kido could dare to absorb.
“I just did it until it was done.” Rai’s face contorted.
‘Until?’
Isn’t that a contradiction?
‘Can I do it until it’s done? If that doesn’t work, then the world is unfair. That’s why I’m talking about talent.’
Rai suddenly stopped thinking.
talent, talent, talent.
‘Lian, that idiot… …
He was a swordsman who did not have as much talent as his fingernails.
said Natasha.
“what? I see a nail. I was looking forward to seeing how the goblin danced. Then can we start over?”
“Cool!”
Once again, fresh blood spurted from Kido’s neck.
“Kido!”
Uorin’s nervous voice brought his mind back from death.
‘I know, I know.’
That I can no longer die at will.
“Big.”
Natasha stopped in her tracks just as Kido, who had picked up the spirit that was falling apart, was about to jump out again.
“ah-ha, I see.”
Then he pointed at Uorin and asked.
“Do you love this woman?”
It’s like saying how a goblin or something can love the queen… … .
“Come on.”
Kido’s heart was drying up even more.
That moment.
“yes.”
Anchal’s voice was heard.
“Yes, that’s fine. Please speak.”
The bell-shaped earrings only swayed, but it seemed like they were having a conversation with someone.
“I haven’t dealt with it yet. But soon… … . all right. Yes, I will.”
It was an instruction to return to the Jincheon sector.
‘To miss all the fish I’ve caught.’
If it was the empress of Kashan, it would have been a great deal, but Anchal was also not dissatisfied with this order.
‘Really? With Perm Mineral… … It was because there was nothing more important than rescuing Jin Seong-eum, the princess of Jincheon.
“The Empress.”
Anchal, who was about to say something to Wu-rin, shook his head as if it was no use.
backed away.
‘Princess, please be patient.’ A grim reaper was born and her body disappeared as if sucked into the spirit world.
Breaking the silence, Natasha said.
“I want to stop too. The time Vulcan said has passed. The Empress is taken by Tormia.”
Rai was speechless.
Although Gustav 4 was originally insane, he was a soldier who obeyed orders.
‘the problem is… …
That he could never overcome Kido with his own strength.
“let’s go. We have to run away now.”
Kido, who pulled Uorin by the arm, slowly moved while watching the two of them.
Natasha waved her hand.
“cheer up. In fact, even from my point of view, it is not the appearance that women will like, but the heart is important.”
He couldn’t express it because he had no eyelids, but he seemed to be smiling.
“Kiyi.”
Kido left a threatening sound as he disappeared into the darkness, but Natasha was relieved.
“Should I go too soon?”
“wait.”
Rai called.
“huh?”
“Did you say you can do it until you can?” Knowing what Rai meant, Natasha put on a puzzled expression.
‘Daphne.’
After being cut by Rian, it was because she also understood the sense of defeat a little now.
“sorry. I didn’t mean that. just i… … I just said that in my case.”
Rai was tough.
“You don’t have to sympathize. What I want to know is the fact and the truth. Do you really think so?”
“Hmm, if you ask me that much. uh, right I just did it until To be honest, I think that’s all there is to it. After fighting him, I became more confident.”
“that person?”
“They say it’s Ogent Lian… … Rai’s eyebrows twitched.
“That’s right, if you’re the same prosecutor, you’ll understand. I heard that you are uniquely strong in swordsmanship.”
“Of course you know. Because he is my brother.”
“Hoo.”
Natasha pursed her lips.
“Are you really Lian’s brother? But at all
It’s different.”
“What do you mean?”
“Exactly like this. You put meaning into every single word. That guy was the exact opposite. I just said it because my hair color is different and I can’t relate well.” she pointed to herself.
“I lost to Lian.”
‘Is it so?’
Having seen Natasha’s strength, I could tell how high Lian was.
“That was when I first learned what defeat was. Perhaps the reason he was able to defeat me was because he was aiming higher than I was.”
“The best prosecutor is everyone’s dream. But not everyone can be the best. I don’t think my efforts are inferior to him. If all you do is do it until you are done, why can’t everyone be strong?”
Natasha laughed.
“You really don’t know anything.”
“what?”
“sorry. it’s not ignoring Actually, I am a dancer, so my field is different, but I think that the meaning of doing it until I am perfect is different from working hard for a month or doing it efficiently.”
“Then what?”
Natasha raised her index finger.
“It means doing everything you can.” Rai was dazed.
“Learning something means you have inscribed that skill into your body. So what should I engrave with? As far as I know, there is only one. It is pain.”
Natasha continued.
“People are selfish, so they have a habit of repeating the same mistakes. That’s why I carve it with pain. because… …
Natasha said, recalling the years of endurance.
“Human beings never go through the same pain again.”
Rai frowned.
‘Am I being lazy?’
Maybe he did, but he had never sought comfort since being overtaken by Rian.
” I am??????
“Yeah, I know.”
Natasha knew what she was talking about.
“But you keep doing the hard work over and over again. Whatever you did, if you can do it again, it means it wasn’t painful enough. Of course, my skills will improve, but I can’t overcome the wall at that level.”
wall.
Something that Ryan had and that he didn’t have.
‘ is it?’
He’s every moment… … .
“Do you want to go over the wall?”
said Natasha.
“Then, carve your skills into your body. In such terrible pain that I will never be able to do it again. When you’re so sick, you’re sure you can’t do this again… …
She drew a parabola, moving her index and middle fingers.
“Humans go beyond their limits.”
“That guy is every moment… …
Were you pushing yourself into territory that could never be repeated?
Seeing Rai’s dazed expression, Natasha turned around.
“So goodbye.”
“wait.”
“What else?”
Natasha turned around with a look on her face.
“Why are you telling me this? Tormia is Gustav’s enemy country, and in the temple… …
“What’s so complicated? It would be nice if we let each other know and help each other. Do you like swords too?”
She sighed as Rai still stood there with a face that didn’t understand.
“It is really different. Even though they are brothers.”
A bitter smile soon formed on her lips.
“… … Is it because it’s not like everyone else?”
It was true that Rai’s jealousy and nervousness reminded him of his old friend Daphne.
Although she broke Natasha’s back, Rai hoped the outcome would be different.
“I wish you well. Then really goodbye, Mr. Yeminnam.”
Even she disappeared into the darkness, and Rai murmured in the empty basement.
“Mr. Sensitive?”
Then, with a sudden frown, he drove his sword into the hard stone floor.
“shit! You’re looking at me funny!”

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-1223.txt
=============YYYYY=============
First Jorah (4)
that it is strong.
I wondered if the human intellect and the system we had created were all because of weakness.
before Ymir.
“Quack.”
The moment Ymir’s fist hit the ground, the earth shattered in disgrace.
“Is it like this, the day humans are annoying
Paris?”
Tons of dirt piled up on the crater’s outskirts exploded, revealing the appearance of Gangnan.
“Oh, Mr.… …
Spitting out the dirt in her mouth, she tried to forget the fact that she was Gaia’s body.
“Thousands Arms Guanyin.”
The two arms of the maze moved, and the incarnation of the Thousand-Handed Guanyin filled the sky with repeated blows.
All of Mir’s joints were bent as the huge palm hit the ground.
“Is this all?” It was only a shock, but defeating Ymir was a completely different matter.
“You only came into my world this much?”
As Ymir strained his arms, the first level of depth began to shake terribly.
Miro gritted his teeth with a tired expression.
‘What’s with all that stuff?’
If everything in the world could be converted into numerical values, it seemed that all conditions had been raised to the end.
“Shim Kwon.”
The moment Ymir held out his fist, the fist was right in front of him before he knew it.
‘Thousands Arms Guanyin.’
Time slowed down, and afterimages of the arm unfolded at each minimum unit of time the maze split.
And all those afterimages… … .
‘Ten thousand.’
It was an incarnation technique applied as a real shock.
“Big!”
Ymir’s waist was bent at the jangju that poured down at a gap close to vibration.
‘Is this pain?’
In the first place, since I had hardly felt pain, there was no definition for it.
‘I know it’s quite an unpleasant feeling.’
Ymir raised an eyebrow.
“Why do you hate something that feels so good?”
‘Bastard.’
Power entered Miro’s eyes.
‘You should know too.’
Even if it was 1/10,000 of the pain Gaold felt.
As she moved her arms, the incarnation of Guanyin with Thousand Arms did the same.
‘Coming again.’
Ymir had a hunch.
‘It’s an impossible ability to evade.’
To Kannon, who contemplates the world from the edge of the universe, there is no blind spot.
Ymir snorted.
“joy.”
Then, he threw his fist at the place where the Thousand Arms Guanyin’s Fifteen Lyojang Law surged.
The moment when a shock is applied to the center of the field law, how overlapped it may be.
The maze was languid.
‘ uh?’
The landscape is distorted, as if copied
Children with the same faces burst into laughter, and tens of thousands of puppies were shaking their waists in the same way.
‘Delirium.’
As with Ymir’s attack, it wasn’t just material things he destroyed.
‘no!’
When the state of the extreme line returned to its senses, this large body of Mir filled the field of vision.
“die.”
Time slowed down again, but this time Miro wasn’t sure if he would be able to match the timing.
‘Great!’
When everything is done in slow motion.
bang!
The only thing that came flying at great speed hit Ymir in the temple.
The giant’s head snapped to the side, and he stopped his charge in that state.
Miro and the others barely escaped delirium and blinked their eyes in surprise.
Blood trickled down Ymir’s temples.
”… … 。｝<and.”
It was unpleasant, obvious pain.
Where he turned his head, Gaold was standing with the air gun fired.
“Was it you?”
The person who opened the in-depth level 1.
After observing the maze for a while, Gaold turned his head and moved on.
“Why, what are you doing?”
Ymir’s expression returned to Gaold’s words.
“Geuk, what with the torn skin? Well, I’ll tell you it’s quite good for a human.”
Sein let out a quiet voice.
‘Ymir is right. The situation is still hopeless.’
In a situation where it was all about conveying the senses, it only gave a little pain.
‘Battle is to completely destroy the target. Being happy that some blood was shed is something that happens only in children’s fights.
“okay?”
As Gaold charged, Ymir also took a receiving posture with a delighted expression on his face.
“wait! Pincer… … !”
Before Miro could finish his words, the delirium broke out again as they were hit.
‘This is really irritating.’
Meanwhile, Ymir was intrigued by Gaold, whose magical powers had not diminished in the slightest.
“Is it psychic?”
“no.”
A madness shone in Gaold’s eyes in great pain.
“It has a taste from the beginning.”
When the air gun exploded like a shotgun, Ymir’s expression began to wrinkle little by little.
‘This child… …
If only the pain that can’t be repeated twice exceeds this limit, the number of walls Gaold has crossed.
“Air Press.”
Because it is equal to the suffering of all mankind.
“Three? OOOI” He was still the deepest human being at the center of good and evil.
“Kuaaa!”
The moment Ymir, unable to hold on, screamed, the sound of a crunch was clearly audible.
Then the earth collapsed into a cylinder, and a tremendous explosion rushed through the basement.
It was absurd because it was a spiritual world, but if it was real, it would have been a disaster comparable to a natural disaster.
“cadet!”
When the maze and the others, who were blown away by the strong winds, came back, shaking off the dust, they opened their mouths in disbelief at the unreal sight.
“I-that… …
Ymir’s right arm was broken.
“how is it?”
Gaold asked.
“Are you sick now?”
Ymir looked back at his grotesquely bent right arm.
‘ sick.’
It was not at the level of expressing discomfort in words.
‘It’s similar to the senses that Ogent gave me. No, maybe even more than that.’
The moment he realized, Ymir’s temperament changed and he raised the corner of his mouth at Gaold.
“okay.”
That face with black pupils and only red pupils smaller than grains of rice.
“It means you’re alive.”
It was so terrifying and alien that I didn’t even think of beings living in the same universe.
“Huh”
Kang Nan couldn’t stand the moaning.
‘scared.’
It could be said that there was nothing more terrifying than that, but Gaold remained unconcerned.
“It’s great, I feel alive.” This is because there is nothing to be afraid of for a philosopher who has reached the deepest level of human beings.
“It has to be alive, because it can be killed.”
“Hehe.”
Ymir’s body disappeared after a short laugh, and Gaold twisted his back rapidly.
In a fleeting moment, Sein remembered.
‘come.’
An unprecedented collision.
There was no sound, no sight, no impact, just a phenomenon close to the limit of flames.
The shock that transcends the five senses raised the dream time to a level close to reality.
In the midst of that enormous amount of information, Sirone’s body trembled as she was receiving the lore dream.
Another huge piece of data.
The most intense event in the life of the first Jorah, Yorahhan was being transmitted.
“haha! That is also true.”
Johann, married to Armand, has a ball every day.
He went out to the field and preached philanthropy to the Hwajok.
“If someone hits me, should I hit that person too? hard problem. But I think so. If I fight back, the violence will be justified. On the other hand, if I forgive that person, that person will also forgive someone, and then one day… …
The fire tribes shouted.
“It becomes a world full of love!”
“that’s right. Of course it’s not easy. But if we don’t get here, there will be no life on earth in the very distant future.”
Yorahhan’s lifespan is short, but the ideas he created will last for eternity.
‘We have to decide now, our destination.’
“Sir, I have a question for you.”
“okay. Ask me anything.”
“Today’s content was about love. Then, teacher, how do you fall in love with Armand?”
“Today’s class is over.”
When Yorahhan closed the book and stood up, the Hwajok moved their bodies with crying expressions.
“iced coffee! Tell me, sir!” He shook his head as he returned home, leaving behind the children’s voices and running away.
“Anyway, I can’t dry it.”
S = rot ▲ 己
– ‘ O ? 1 1 ~ ■ O ?
Sitting on the floor of the cabin, Armand was sharpening his sword on a wide whetstone.
“what’s the matter? Did the kids have another accident?”
“haha! Nothing. Anyway, why the knife all of a sudden? Are you preparing to hunt?”
“huh. All the birds I caught are gone. Maybe I should move the hunting ground.”
In just two years, the territory of humans had expanded further, reaching even the territory of the Hwajok.
“Come with me.”
“not today. It’s too late. If you go by yourself, an hour will be enough.”
Even if he was accustomed to hiking, it was impossible to catch up with the best warrior of the fire tribe.
Johann grumbled.
“It’s because I’m worried. The area of the blue river has already been cleared. I heard that it is the Mikas Kingdom.”
“What kind of place is it?”
“I’ve heard rumors, but haven’t seen it. At the time, it was a provincial domain, but it seems to have grown rapidly.”
Steep growth means that the leader’s disposition is also belligerent.
“I guess I will have to move. I’ll look for a suitable place tomorrow.”
Armand’s movements as he sharpened his sword stopped abruptly.
“Actually, I don’t know.”
“Of course I know how strong you are. There’s such a thing as just one thing… …
“No, the philanthropy you claim. Do you really think that is possible?”
Armand turned his head.
“Look at me now. You’re trying to kill a bird to get food. this
Could it also be violence?”
Johann sat down in his chair.
“maybe… … I guess so.”
It is not something to worry about in reality, but there should be no contradiction in the idea of immortality.
‘Absolute fraternity. A world where everyone is considerate eventually gets stuck in the problem of eating and breeding.’
If this issue is not resolved, the logic of fraternity will one day collapse.
“How about going out to the human world?” Yohann doubted his ears.
“huh? what?”
“No one raises an issue here. Wouldn’t there be a better way if we hit it directly?”
Of course it is.
That’s why Yorahhan didn’t intend to stay with the Hwajok for a long time at first.
‘Not now. They say everyone is family.’
More than anything, I was worried about Armand.
“no. won’t leave enough here A little more research will surely give you a solution… …
“Jorahhan.”
Armand has arrived.
“I didn’t trust humans. I didn’t inherit the will of my ancestors. But after meeting you, I realized If all humans can be like you, I will be brave too.”
“Armand… …
“Let’s go together. we are one If it’s what you want, then of course I should too.”
she continued with a smile.
“Besides, I am different from the other fire tribes. There is no passivity, and you can eat food. You can live like a human.”
“Hey, honey.”
Johann was in tears.
“thank you. Thank you so much. I love you, honey.”
“… … Squeezing.”
at this point.
Even while accepting the dream, Sirone’s subconscious questioned.
‘Feeding and breeding.’
This is because even after countless hours have passed, the contradictions of living things have not been resolved.
‘But he is the first Jorah.’
Indeed, Yorahan faces the biggest homework of living things: feeding and breeding.
‘Love without an inch of evil, absolute fraternity… …
What did you define?
continues in the next volume

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-1224.txt
=============YYYYY=============
Forbidden area (1)
“Are you going to go to the human world?” Lutia, the chieftain of the Fire Tribe, asked.
“Yes, Chief. I want to help my husband change the human world. I think it is a calling.”
Yorahhan expressed his apology with silence.
‘To the chieftain, Armand is like an extraordinary daughter. The pain of leaving her must be great.’
Above all, she was the only warrior with an active disposition to protect the Hwajok.
“okay.”
Lutia smiled heartily.
“Finally, this day has come. The fire tribe must help humans. That is the reason for our existence, passed down from our ancestors.”
Realizing her sincerity, Jorahhan suddenly had this thought.
‘Who was it, the previous Hwajok?’
Hwajok is usually passive, so it was normal when their identity faded over time.
‘Nevertheless, for this long time, I kept one calling. This is not a matter of inclination.’
what a realization
‘In front of the truth, neither active nor passive can exist. The first fire tribe knew about it.’
About humans, about human lives… … .
‘Maybe deeper than me.’
Johann was the first to open his mouth.
“I am not leaving right now. The forces of the Micas Kingdom are invading the territory of the Hwajok. At this rate, contact will be made within a month. I will find a suitable place for the Hwajok to migrate.”
“Whoops. As expected, you’re always friendly, Yorahan O”
Johann’s face blushed.
“Don’t worry. I know more about the Hwajok than anyone else. Even though we are passive, we are also the ones who have continued that way. You will be fine.”
Armand came out.
“But chieftain, humans… …
Ruthia stopped talking.
“Yes, they are a dangerous race. But, Armand, you must now understand them. Otherwise, how could you follow your husband’s wishes?”
She looked back at Yorahhan and continued.
“Leave tomorrow. I’ll take care of this whole problem for the Hwajok. The world we see is different from the world humans see. No matter how good you find a resting place, that is not the place where flowers will bloom.”
The Hwajok ate enough through photosynthesis alone.
“All right.”
With Lutia’s permission, Jorahhan and Armand returned home and packed up.
As it is a precious place, the movements were sluggish.
‘I really don’t want to leave. But if you put it off for a day or two, you will really live here.’
As he struggled to achieve his dream, he found a box under his bed.
“uh? this… …
He turned his head while touching the dagger he hadn’t taken out since coming to the village of the Hwajok.
“Honey, can I use a whetstone?”
“Why the dagger? I usually don’t even look at you.”
“Because I am going out to the human world. Yes, I always had it with me before. You have to carry something like this to avoid bad people.”
Armand laughed.
“What are you worried about? I will protect you.”
Then, he hugged Yorahhan from behind and whispered in her ear.
“And I guarantee you, you will never use this. Even while grooming the sparrow, he shuddered.” They knew everything about each other.
“Sheesh! who said what You can still make threats. Who would be intimidated by a rusty sword?”
Armand shook his head at the sight of Yorahhan, who was stubborn until the end and took out the whetstone.
“anyway… …
Still, it was true that it was quite solid.
Around dawn, Yorahhan, who was sleeping in bed, woke up to the sound of screams outside.
“What, what… … !”
When he got up, Armand was already leaving the door holding a longsword.
The children of the Hua people approached with pale faces.
“sister! It’s a big deal!”
“what’s the matter?”
When Yohan, who had followed behind, looked outside, a group of troops had occupied the entrance to the village.
“horse soldier?”
It was armed with metal armor, and the face of a lion was engraved on the insignia of its flag.
“The Mikas family.”
There is no doubt about it, but the size of the troops was too small to penetrate the remote area.
‘It was the kingdom’s strategy to invade little by little in parallel with the land reclamation project. So why… … ?’
Jorahhan saw the lead of the cavalry.
He hadn’t taken off his youth yet, but there was a man with a split chin and intense eyes.
‘Probably the eldest son of the Micas family… … Mikas Areon.
‘It was three years ago when I heard the news, so I’m eighteen this year. He was eager to prove his royal blood.’
Not only was he not popular, but Jo Rahan was also a thinker, so the attributes of those in power were obvious.
A white schoolboy rode next to Areon.
“Prince, it seems that this is the village of the Hwa tribe. Please dictate the next strategy.”
“Hmm, the fire family.”
Areon stroked his chin.
‘It has strange abilities, but according to the records, it is not dangerous. Rather, a slave who obeys any command.’
It was a scholar’s record.
‘In other words, you can have an attendant who will never betray you. This is also a must for a king. There must have been a reason for the old man to spend his energy on the land reclamation project.’
Of course, there must have been dozens of other reasons.
‘Anyway, I arrived before my father. I came all the way through the forest.’
Arreon, an ambitious man, interacted with many talented people, and one of them was Fisk next to him.
A person who has accurately navigated through a labyrinth-like forest.
“Fisk.”
Areon said.
“This will be the first occupation in my history. Even my father will approve if I take the Hwajok with me.”
The succession to the throne will be solidified.
“You probably think of me as the heir of a great king. It is a feat none of my brothers have ever accomplished.”
Areon pointed his sword towards the front.
“Conquer.”
At the same time as the order was given, more than 100 cavalrymen rushed at a terrifying speed.
At that time, when the fire tribes, who were watching in amazement, didn’t know what to do, Chief Lutia shouted.
“Run away!”
Armand, who ran backwards through the crowd, drew his sword and charged the cavalry.
Johann followed.
“honey!”
“Do not come! Get as far away as possible!”
“I will go with you.”
“it’s crazy? Then die! protect the children you can lead It’s impossible for the chieftain alone.”
“Huh.”
Yo Rahan bit his lip and twisted his body at the right words that had no room for refutation.
“Just buy time and get out!”
Nodding his head, Armand erased his thoughts and focused on the battle.
“Rated control.”
Her sword flew through the sky, and fountains of blood burst through the iron gloves of the knights.
Areon’s eyes twinkled as he watched the knights collapse.
“Who is that woman?”
Fisk opened his notebook.
“Even among the Fire Tribe, there are very few people with an active disposition. They are called carnivores. It is said to show great fighting power in combination with its unique ability.”
“Surely strong.”
Areon added.
“And strong is beautiful. Fisk, I need to get her. Could she be captured alive?”
“yes.”
Fisk is competent.
“Divide the cavalry into three, with one unit blocking the retreat and the other capturing the villagers. It’s done in three minutes.”
When the adjutant signaled with a flag, the cavalry cavalry dispersed in line as if cut by a sword.
Jorahhan saw through the enemy’s scheme.
‘You can’t go faster than a horse. In this way, everything is captured. I have to fight back somehow… … Suddenly thinking of it, he said to Lutia.
“Chief! To the forest!”
When the Hwajok entered the forest, the cavalry, which had been in conflict for a while, abandoned their horses and jumped in.
“joy! Even so, I can’t even attack… … huh?”
As if the forest came alive, all kinds of plants and bugs started attacking the knights.
“damn! You use strange techniques!”
No matter how many tree branches he cut, the attacks were endless, and eventually his stamina began to run out.
Fisk looked over the forest and said.
“You are struggling.”
“It is the same over there. Have you been properly trained?”
Fisk got off his horse and spread his arms, knowing that those who were entrusted with full power had many responsibilities.
“I will handle it.”
Suddenly, a strong wind blew around him and flew like an arrow with both legs floating.
As Armand hurriedly twisted his body at the unexpected approach, his hand grazed his shoulder.
Fisk said.
“Slow.”
At that moment, Armand felt an unfamiliar feeling.
‘what?’
If it was the era Sirone lived in, I would have thought it was similar to the previous one.
“Huh!”
As of now, she had no way to understand the phenomenon of the air becoming sharp like a blade.
Holding onto the cut on his forearm, he stepped back and Fisk landed on the ground again.
Armand summoned the sword and asked.
“Is it memorization?”
“no.”
Fisk held out his hand.
“The power of the mind.”
“Woman, I am a seeker of the truth of the world. My King is looking for you, so surrender meekly. Then you won’t hurt anyone.”
“joy.”
Armand, baring his fangs, slapped his sword.
“You look down on the Hwajok. We are peace-loving, not cowards afraid of death.”
The forest shook in the distance and I saw exhausted knights grabbing their heads.
“I saw it in the old documents. The hypothesis that it assimilates with all things in nature seems to be true. but… …
Fisk raised his hand above his head.
“Human controls the phenomena of all things in nature, and this is the fifth element that unites fire, water, earth, and air.”
The air heated up and a fireball the size of a pumpkin was born on the palm of my hand.
“It is the concentration of the mind.” Armand’s expression went blank at the situation in which he made fire without using anything.
“Fireball.”
As he swung his arm, a ball of fire fell in a parabolic arc at the beginning of the forest.
“no!”
There was a loud explosion, and black smoke began to rise from the forest.
Fisk said.
“How is it? Power much stronger than natural fire. This is the human potential.”
As the villagers, suffocating from the smoke, ran out of the forest again, the cavalry surrounded them.
“Choose. If you give up their lives, you will be able to live. Will you fight or surrender?” That’s how the battle ended. The loss of the cavalry was greater than expected in mutual sacrifice, but Areon felt good.
“Has everyone gathered?”
Armand looked around as all the fire tribes gathered with frightened expressions.
‘What about Yorahhan?’
It was nowhere to be seen.
If he had run away, there would be nothing more gratifying than that, but the opposite case was also possible, so his heart was heavy.
‘Please, please stay alive.’ Areon said.
“I am the prince of the Micas kingdom. As of today, this territory will become the territory of Mikas, and you too are now subjects of the kingdom. If you deny this… …
While the long-winded rumor continued, Yorahhan was watching the situation through a gap in the warehouse.
‘It’s finally caught.’
It was good to lead the fire tribes and drive out the cavalry, but the forest caught fire out of nowhere.
‘Magic.’
I heard you call it that.
‘What should I do now?’
As long as the children were held hostage, Armand would never raise his sword.
‘It’s impossible to run away from horseback riding. Even if it were possible, the fire tribe would not run away if even one fell behind. If that’s the case, if you’re dragged along like this… …
In an instant, Jorahhan’s eyebrows twitched.
‘ there is!’
A way to escape with everyone.
‘I don’t know what the wizard will do, but no, it’s not luck. They can never come after us.’
Now there is only one thing left.
‘Can I do it?’
The eyes of Yo Ra-han, who was fiddling with the dagger in his bosom, were more intense than ever.

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-1225.txt
=============YYYYY=============
Forbidden Zone (2)
During Yorahan’s conflict, Areon showed off his ability in front of the Hwajok.
“purple. I conquered this forest with 100 horsemen. And I have over 10,000 troops. Sooner or later the world will lie at my feet.”
Armand thought in a gaze that could not be found fear of the world.
‘Attractive.’
Young, beautiful, and that active attitude, as if born only to dominate… … .
‘It must be the lineage of the king that humans say.’
It wouldn’t be strange to feel the light emanating from Areon’s body.
‘But I don’t like it.’
The light offended Armand.
‘If only you are the one who needs to shine, that light is never beautiful. Yohann is…
He was the one who would become the light that encompassed the world.
Chief Lutia asked.
“What are you going to do with us?”
“I am generous.”
Contrary to the words, Areon’s long sword cut into Lutia’s chin.
“But only for my people.”
Areon withdrew his sword and looked back at the Hwajok.
“You will soon become citizens of a great kingdom. You will be entrusted with a very heavy duty to assist the king. A good house, good food, and all kinds of treasures will be given to you.”
said Ruthia.
“We don’t want anything. I just want to live peacefully in this forest.”
“I’m sorry.”
Areon’s eyes grew cold.
“You don’t have to be good at anything. because i’m good at it What do you think this means?”
“I do not know.”
“All you can do is obey.”
Just as Areon was about to cut Lutia’s head, Armand stood in the way and raised his sword.
A strong rustling sound was heard, and the cavalry charged at her with displeased looks.
Areon raised his hand.
“stop.”
Fisk said as the cavalry retreated.
“It is a carnivore. It looks like it needs to be tamed a little. Leave it to me.”
If it was killing children, it would be better for him to do it himself than to be a soldier.
“No, there is no need for that.”
Areon, stepping back, was full of confidence.
“Woman, what is your name?”
“Armand.”
“I like it.”
Only that mattered.
“You are not a slave. strong and active come to me I will save you from hell.”
Having lived with Yorahhan for more than two years, now she too understood the man’s language.
“I am a married woman. I can’t.”
“haha! Didn’t I tell you, I’m generous. I don’t care what happened before you met me. But denying it now is a sin that has nothing to say even if all the members of the fire family die.”
Armand was speechless.
‘I’m sorry, guys.’
Because she cannot betray Yorahhan, the Hwajok will be annihilated, but then she will also raise her sword.
“Hmm. indeed… …
Areon looked at Armand with mad eyes, who expressed his intention of refusal in silence.
“Kill them all.”
“Wait, wait a minute!” When Yorahhan ran out of the warehouse, Armand’s expression showed emotion for the first time.
A sense of relief flooded over me, enough to make me forget the current situation, but my brows crinkled.
‘Why are you here? stupidly.’
Areon asked.
“Who are you? Are there traitors among the Hwajok?”
“I-I am human. It is an idea that travels the world. I was captured by the Hwajok and humiliated for two years.”
“Caught?”
To this gentle race?
“Armand here is my wife. She passed on her knowledge and skills here for two years. She was also constantly monitored so that she did not touch other fire tribes.”
A clumsy lie would blow away even the only chance, so I packed up the truth.
As Areon turned around, Fisk said.
“It is possible. The carnivorous species recorded in the ancient documents are said to be cruel and tyrannical.”
A scholar would have written the truth.
It just ignored why carnivores had to be cruel and tyrannical towards humans.
“Yes, this is it.”
Looking at Yorahhan with curious eyes, he looked at Armand’s expression and asked.
“If you were held by force, would you mind if I took your wife?”
“That, that… …
“why? Are you in a bad mood?”
“Oh no! How could I have such a heart for Prince Mikas! I have but one request.”
“Blue’?”
Johann lay flat on his face.
“Please take me to Mikas. If you ask me to do anything, I will do my best!”
Arreon felt good from the point of view of being hired by talented people from all over the world.
“haha! They say you are a thinker, but you have an eye for seeing the times. good night. I will keep you by my side and use it.”
“thank you!”
Since humans cannot know the truth of others, it is natural for the Hwajok to feel betrayed.
‘why?’
Armand knows the truth about Jorahhan.
‘There must be no way.’
My doubts deepened as I knew that he was not a person who would abandon his wife even if he had to die.
“Okay, that’s it. Your husband also knelt before me. So why don’t you choose too?”
Believing Jorahhan, Armand lowered his sword, but Areon accepted it as a sign of obedience.
“Yes, this is the way of the world. wake up too You will have to do a lot for me in the future.” Yorahhan looks up at the world from the lowest place, and Areon faces the sky with his feet on the ground.
do you know
‘see.’
It is believed that the gap between the ends is the best place to see the human breath.
Jo Ra-han, whose expression disappeared for a moment, naturally stood up and swung the dagger in his bosom.
“uh?”
It wasn’t hatred or resentment, so at the end of a smooth movement, like swinging without an object.
“??????uh?” A fountain of blood burst from the nape of Areon’s neck.
“Prince!”
Jorahhan, who accurately cut the area that could not be covered with armor, turned around and shouted.
“Run away!”
The fire tribes were shocked.
‘Teacher… …
Because I never thought of myself as someone who could hurt anyone.
“What are you doing! Do you all want to die?”
If everyone in the world gave orders, only Jorahhan would be the one they followed.
“Guys! go to the woods! now!”
The Hwajok, who came to their senses, ran with all their might.
The cavalry commander, knowing that there would be no catch if he went into the woods, mounted his horse.
“Follow me! Do not leave even one alive!”
“wait!”
At Fisk’s cry, the cavalry raised their front legs.
“Prince.”
Areon’s condition was serious.
I pressed the wound on the nape of my neck, but hot blood was pouring between the palms of my hands.
‘I avoided the spinal cord and cut off only the arteries. Maybe to buy time to escape? This guy knows anatomy.’
At the time, not many people knew about it.
“Phi, Fisk.”
Areon, whose face was inflated like a balloon, grabbed Fisk by the shoulder and squeezed out his words.
“me… … save me me… … live.”
‘damn!’
If they were a Hwajok or something, if the prince died, their lives would end here.
Fisk raised his head.
“I’ll take the prince and return to the base right now! hurry! You can’t waste even a second!”
The sacrifice of the cavalry was essential to cover the maze-like forest in the shortest distance.
“Prince! Be patient, my prince!”
Even while transporting Areon, Fisk mobilized all his knowledge to stop the bleeding.
‘It’s soil that closes the wound, but this one bleeds too much. Then, with the power of water… …
Could you make blood?
In the distant future, humans will understand everything, but only after much more warfare.
“Huh!”
Fisk’s face dripping with cold sweat was hopeless.
“I don’t know!”
No matter how the four elements of air, earth, water, and fire were combined, blood could not be created.
“??????steel?”
or something else.
“Fisk.”
Perhaps because he was highly focused, Areon’s voice was annoying this time.
“Prince.”
Even non-experts could tell that Areon was on the brink of death.
“I want to die… … no.”
After those words, the prince of Micas Kingdom passed away without even closing his eyes.
“done.”
Even if he returned to the kingdom like this, the king of Micas would kill him.
“blood.”
It didn’t matter anyway.
“It’s blood.”
If you ruined your life, wouldn’t it be worth risking your life?
“joy.”
Jumping off the chariot, he watched as the prince’s corpse was taken to the kingdom of Mikas.
According to Omega’s records, Fisk devoted his life to it, but failed to create blood.
Although he completed a book titled Blood Composition and Ingredients, it is also a story that has nothing to do with traditional dreams.
The place where Syrone’s subconscious, immersed in a deep dream, headed was Jorahhan’s agony.
“ha! ha!”
As he led the fire tribe and ran frantically through the forest, he felt that his eyes were getting dark.
It was only when I got down on my knees that I realized that I was out of breath and the pain rushed in.
“Jorahhan.”
Armand was speechless.
“I, I… …
Shaking his hands, Yorahhan muttered with eyes that seemed to have lost his soul.
“I cut people, people.”
The beliefs that preached love and shunned violence disappeared in an instant.
No, that’s just a matter of reason.
“Huh.” I was just afraid, and my heart throbbed like a poisoned frog running amok in my stomach.
“Armand, I, I… …
“Wake. you kept the fire family That’s it. If it wasn’t for you, I would have died.”
“Cow, small world creation. Honey, I… … I can’t stand it… …
Seeing that Jorahhan’s eyes were half-rolled, Armand hurriedly connected their hearts.
The moment they became one, she wept.
‘How soft a heart is this.’
He was such a kind person that he would not kick even a rolling stone.
Armand whispered.
“Sorry. everything is my fault I couldn’t protect you I’m you…”
I wanted to make my dream come true.
It is said that if you share your sorrow, it will be halved, but this time it was true, and Yorahhan calmed down.
“No, it is not.”
Have you ever wandered in a dream?
“I was stupid. He had never lost anything, but he was ignorant of the reality and only had high ideals.”
“Jorahhan.”
“Let’s hide. Let’s hide and never go out into the world. I live with the fire people in a place where there is no violence or selfishness.”
“Then what is your dream? You said you wanted to save humanity.”
“Many Hwajoks have already been sacrificed. I don’t want to lose anyone anymore. Above all, without you I… …
Since it was already one heart, she felt the same way that she had no regrets.
“OK got it.”
If my husband wants it, that’s enough.
“Let’s leave. Into the woods where no one can find, where no one can disturb us.”
“??????huh.”
That’s how Yohann broke his faith.
Nevertheless, the transfer dream was still in progress, and Sirone was rather convinced.
‘I see.’
If it is something that can be accomplished because you know better than anyone that practicing love is difficult.
‘Now all that’s left of him is… …
first jora.
His last case, which he finally reached through a perfect match, was about to unfold.

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-1226.txt
=============YYYYY=============
Forbidden Zone (3)
“Thing.”
Taeseong called out, but Singh did not respond.
“This is your last chance. soon… …
“know.”
As Taeseong spat out a single word, the door split in two and fell.
Baal, the commander of the 1st Army Corps of Hell, entered.
“It’s a nice sight.”
Umji and Yangji frowned at the sight of them confidently breaking down the door and entering.
‘how?’
It was the door through which even Laska of the Human Security Enforcement Department risked their lives to bypass the self-destruct circuit.
Yangji gritted his teeth.
“You broke the law. It has become too strong.” Even in the dark, it seemed that even Satan would overwhelm in the physical realm.
Baal has arrived.
“Now my lectures can cut the world. thanks to humans That’s why I’m a bit disappointed, this kind of ending.” He also felt that the laws of Taeseong and Singh were completely intertwined and unable to move.
“Taesung. Star of intelligence.”
Even as he watched Baal approaching, Taeseong couldn’t move a single fingertip.
Thing bit his lip.
‘ please??????
Variables have no room to intervene in the gamble of the last moments of mankind.
‘Please, someone convince me.’ At this moment, with her world’s strongest penetration power, she hoped to be persuaded for the first time in her life.
However, since such a person could not exist, she was unable to release her restraints in the end.
Baal raised his sword.
“Evil triumphs.”
At that moment, the floor bulged up and a slime-like doll rose out of it.
Taeseong’s eyes were filled with strength.
‘periods!’
A 1-star satellite of the Human Security Enforcement Department, a person with mimetic abilities that can turn the body into slime.
Unlike Sirone, who fights demons, she climbs the tower slowly but in a straight line.
‘I cut my throat.’
Mi-moon’s legs, which had turned into knives, moved, but only the air caught them.
“what… … ?”
Before she could grasp the situation, a flash of light ran along her body in an oblique line.
“no!”
Taeseong shouted, and the split body wriggled in different spaces.
“Big!”
He was holding on by turning his body into mucus, but Baal’s blow was different from what he had experienced so far.
‘It’s not recovering. You cut my skills. At this rate, it becomes a single-celled organism.
I’m sorry.’
Brain cells can be maintained for only a few minutes.
“Don’t worry.”
Baal came and raised his sword.
“Because I have no bad taste.”
As Mi-moon’s throat fell clean, Tae-seong bit his lip and wept.
“Hong, is this humanity’s last struggle?”
Shaking off his sword on the ground, Baal moved toward Taeseong, but Thing’s expression went blank.
“huh’?”
The unknown phlegm was standing up again, and Baal, who realized from his expression, twisted his body.
“Really persistent… … Kuck!”
Baal’s body was slammed against the opposite wall as the slime struck with great speed.
“Big!”
It was a shock that even the strongest demons could not bear.
“you… …
Baal, clutching his throbbing chest, glared at the oozing slime and said,
“You are not human.”
The phlegm gradually took shape, revealing the appearance of a man who was not beautiful.
Taehyung exclaimed with a surprised expression.
“Argones.”
He was the father of the creature and another manager.
Elven Forest.
The Green Ocean was covered in darkness due to the breath of the black dragon, Abiris.
‘Does it last?’
White Dragon Assriker felt Uriel approaching from beyond the abyss.
“… … Wouldn’t it be nice to take a break? Fighting in the shadows of the abyss is meaningless.”
Uriel did not stop walking.
His condition was not so good because he was hit by three consecutive breaths from Fire Dragon, Black Dragon, and White Dragon.
“Destroy.”
The anger was commensurate with it.
“At the end of this war.”
Yuriel’s movements stopped abruptly.
“Do you really think there is a victory?”
I didn’t even know what action it was taking, but it must have been a terrible destruction.
“God denied angels. Even if Ikael succeeded, there would be no reason to follow him now.”
“This is my fight.”
“Whoops.”
Asriker’s eyes became hazy.
“It’s a fight. Come to think of it, I fought with you for a really long time. I think I know a little bit now.”
“what?”
“well. Is it the most human?” “Eight archangels born from the first conception. But you’re the only one who doesn’t follow the original concept.”
“I?”
“The head of the White Watch is definitely Ikael.
However, it is only a conceptual difference. You must be the only archangel with the power to destroy the archangel.”
Uriel did not object.
“How simple is the thinking of someone who can destroy everything. But you still have all sorts of troubles. Perhaps because there are things that cannot be destroyed.”
“Are you talking about Ikael?”
“no.”
As Ryker said with deep eyes.
“longing.”
Terrible screams were heard from Fairy’s laboratory where Crown resided.
“Kyaaaaaa!”
And it was still.
“Hmm.”
An elf woman captured during the day stood in front of the mirror with a dry expression like a doll.
Even the fairy of reflection that made the mirror trembled as if she couldn’t believe the current situation.
“this… …
Her throat cracked and she cleared her throat.
“Is this me?”
She muttered in a solemn tone that did not suit her beautiful appearance, and awkwardly massaged her body.
the elf male who had been captured with her asked.
“you… … who is this?”
Turning slowly, she sighed.
“Crown.”
Of course, I guessed, but when I heard it through her mouth, tears naturally poured out.
‘I’m sorry I couldn’t protect you, Erin.’ On the surface, it was a simple experiment.
All he had to do was drill a small hole in the elf’s skull and transplant Crown’s brain into it.
The reason for the success of an experiment impossible even with human technology was Crown’s ability.
“Not bad.”
Erin looked at her hands alternately and said with a satisfied expression.
“Being an elf means.”
“You horrible bastard! Do you know what you’ve done? You deny the law of nature… … Keugh!”
When the fairy nearby activated the restraining ability, Crown, no, now Erin raised her hand.
“it’s okay. release me.”
“But, Mr. Crown, this guy said, “There is something I want to experiment with.”
Even if the body changed, the fact that he was a king did not change, so the fairy did it.
The elf who regained freedom stood up and said.
“Give Eryn back.”
“If that is a wish, consider it. However, if you beat me.”
“what’?”
“Don’t you understand? It’s a reason to jump over the barrier between species, isn’t it one anyway? to become a better being. If you are weaker than when you were a fairy, then the intelligence and body of an elf are useless.”
“good. I will win anything.”
It was important to save Erinn, but he couldn’t stand the demeaning of his tribe in the wartime situation.
“I will adjust to you. Choose your weapon.”
“bow.”
As Erin instructed, Fairy brought the bow.
“The method is simple. If you hit even one shot anywhere on my body, it’s your victory. I won’t be able to shoot the bloody head anyway.”
If they hit the head, Erin would die too.
“??????good.”
The distance is only 4 meters.
If it was a man’s skill, it was a distance that could hit not only elves but also flying flies.
‘ Shoulders… …
He looked at Erin’s right shoulder.
‘I don’t aim.’
Placing three arrows on the string at once, he shot straight into Erinn’s forehead.
‘sorry.’
It was the only chance to kill Crown.
‘The wine of the wind. Aruore.’ Arrows imbued with the spirit of the wind shot out at Mach speed, and a sonic boom belatedly exploded.
“Crown!”
When the fairies screamed in surprise, the situation had already ended, but it was different from what they expected.
“what?”
Erin, who had ripped the elf’s head off the neck, stood at the entrance of the tent.
“If it’s this easy, isn’t it worth experimenting with?”
“Kkeuk?????? Kkeuk??????
The elf man opened his mouth.
More than the fear of death, the fear of the extinction of the Elf race was much greater.
‘This guy is neither a fairy nor an elf.’
It’s a monster.
‘Aeos, the magic of wind. Even though it is the most basic magic, it has transcended the limitations of elves.’ Even more than the elven fairy Enox… … No, not even the angels would be able to subdue the Crown.
The biggest problem was that his body belonged to Erinn, whom the elves cherished and loved.
‘This guy is not Erin. She can’t be fooled.’
If the Elves did not know the inside story and accepted the Crown as their hideout, then it would be annihilation.
“Eh, Enox… … sir.”
In the end, without even being able to express his despair, he died in tears of blood.
“Tsk.”
Erin threw her head and made a distorted expression.
“Too fast is also irritating. I tried to avoid it, but I was bored so I just killed it.”
The fairies couldn’t even breathe.
“Anyway, the implant is a success. It cannot be compared to the body of a beast. Even better than humans.” The best you can get on this planet
it was the body
“Sung, congratulations on your success.”
“Heh.”
Part of the pineal gland between the elf’s left and right hemispheres is removed and Crown’s brain is transplanted.
Of course, the immune system will usually go into shock due to the creature’s self-preservation instinct… … .
“I am possible.”
Crown, who was born with the ‘best’ emotion, instantly controlled the implant target’s system.
Crown called this state ‘boarding’.
“… … Strange.”
Erin’s eyes deepened.
“Is this life?”
Until now, no one would have looked at life from outside of life.
What did he really see?
Curious fairies listened, but he was absorbed in his own thoughts.
“Well, that would be nice. Shall we ride this body for a while? Until a stronger body emerges.”
“Hey, Mr. Crown. What shall I do with this body?”
The corpse of Crown, with its skull open, was lying on the tray on the table.
The fairies couldn’t even approach.
Crown’s gaze at the body that belonged to her only 10 minutes ago was cold.
‘What defines me.’
flesh? mental? thought? memory?
‘That’s also just an accident that I can do because I’m old. If it’s not already me, even that… …
It doesn’t make any sense.
‘What defines me is.’
Only I am in the specific concept of me, the idea that comes down from that transcendent place.
‘It was a missing link.’
Idea disappears the moment I board, but Crown sees clearly.
‘So I… …
The Awakened (Illuminati)
Crown grabbed the corpse from the table and put the upper body in his mouth and cut it off with his teeth.
“Hey!”
softly softly
He muttered while the fairies trembled at the sound of bones grinding in his mouth.
“Not me.” Now it’s just a source of energy for eating.
“Wait until instructed. I will go to the elf’s hideout.”
“What are you going to do?”
Also, if the reason for eating is for reproduction.
“control.”
Crown opened his arms.
“I will be king. My descendants will multiply on this land and rule behind the scenes of human beings.”
It was the moment when the master of the world changed.

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-1227.txt
=============YYYYY=============
Forbidden Zone (4)
Uriel asked.
“longing… … say?”
As Ryker recalled the history of Heaven.
“You could have ended the war. When Ichael took your side. Only you could have done it. But you did not annihilate Ichael. As long as the concept exists, the angel will return from the sun as a pure psyche.
Even when you are born.” “I could destroy Ikael, but I couldn’t destroy the longing for this Kael. Isn’t that why Kariel was so obsessed and you were silent?”
“What do you want to say?”
“Indestructible Archangel of Destruction, you are more human than Kariel. And we can still end this war. Do not play with divine providence.”
“Maybe.”
Uriel did not deny it.
“But what will change if I say I fight God? Isn’t that playing with you?”
“You love Ikael.”
Even in the abyss, he could feel Uriel’s energy.
“That is love. The emotion you deny to the end and still ponder endlessly is love. Kariel’s love for her is different, only for her… …
When the judicial halo Ragnarok was accumulated, the darkness dissipated and Yuriel appeared.
“Honbaekryong, do not disrespect me.”
At this moment, it was the archangel of destruction that could end all wars in an instant.
“Or, you can just say no.”
is it?
Uriel had never thought that the Archangel of Destruction could love anyone.
Because there won’t be such a function itself.
” I am??????
He wanted to say no, but Uriel couldn’t utter those short words in the end.
“Do you think Ikael won’t know?”
Assryker said.
“Because I deny it myself, I’m just pretending that others don’t know. Perhaps someone is looking at your gaps.”
A woman came to mind.
‘maze.’
Is that why she turned her insides upside down every time the Kwan Yin of the extreme line collided with her?
“Mudeungpyo said. When only one can destroy, Uriel ends the war. Stop accepting it. That is your real fight.”
The effects of Abiris’ Breath and Shadow of the Abyss gradually disappeared, revealing the scenery.
The forest swept away by White Bone’s wrath was dry as if it had been exposed to radiation.
Uriel annihilated Ragnarok.
“I’m not worried.”
The wings of light spread out.
“If a god is trying to use me, destroy the god and create a new one. If longing is holding me back, it will only destroy it.”
After leaving those words, it became a flash and flew away, leaving only the remnant of a magnificent vibration.
As Ryker lowered his eyes and muttered.
“… … To be honest.”
Well, since he’s so honest, Ikael may have relied on him even though he knew everything.
“ruler.”
Asriker stood up.
“Is the war restarting?”
The 11 apostles waiting in the sky also confirmed that the shadow of the abyss was lifted.
Many of the fairies had aged and disappeared, and the angels also had exhausted faces.
Light Dragon Phaeton said.
“The forest was blown, but it worked. What do you want to do? Should I continue to stir with the breath? or not… …
Poine the Poison Dragon said.
“Don’t reveal your hand all at once. Because I don’t think the war will end like this. What are we missing?”
The dragon Argan asked.
“Is there a need for such a thing? It’s like it assumes we can’t win.”
Blitz said.
“It’s such a battle. The outcome of this war is not us, but Messiah’s change. But so far there is no special variable. It is a dangerous idea that we just fight well and win.”
The 12 apostles watched the forest in silence.
‘What am I missing?’
The shadows of the abyss were lifted and the elves and fairies were fighting again in the vast wasteland.
“omg! omg!”
After escaping the Rotten Swamp, an elf woman crawled across the floor with her filthy body.
“Sal, please save me!”
“Erin!”
One of the elves who was shooting arrows at the fairy troops recognized her.
“Give me cover!”
The elf charged forward with a bow, grabbed Erin’s arm and entered the friendly camp.
“What happened? I thought you were dead!”
Erin wept.
“I was taken to the Crown’s barracks. I should have died, Grid for me… … Ah, ah!”
The elf, aware of the relationship between the two, hugged Erin without asking further.
“are you okay. calm down for now Let’s report it to Enox-sama.”
Erin’s expression instantly turned cold as she entered the forest supported by the elves.
‘Hong, are we finally meeting?’ Looking down at the scene from the sky, the 12 apostles just averted their eyes indifferently.
‘What’s going on in this forest?’
No one knew.
Xing, as well as Yin-Ji and Yang-Ji, looked at the man who appeared through Mi-Moon’s body.
“Argones?”
The first human Gaia, the dragon before that, and the source of all living things that existed before that.
Baal approached with cold eyes.
“Yes, I have heard of it in Hell. But they say that administrators operate independently of human goals.”
Taeseong was also questionable.
‘why?’
According to the dynamics of the universe, the two are set up as a married couple, but the way of thinking is different.
‘I am a program that protects humanity. But he… … I already tried to exterminate humans once.’
Because it invaded the realm of God.
‘if… … To protect humans?’ Taeseong shook his head.
‘I can’t do that. To me, human beings are a unique result, but he can create creatures in any plane.’ It was the reason Taeseong had maternal love for mankind.
‘but… …
It was Argones who gave the first human being the name Gaia and forgave Gaia at the request of Taeseong.
said Baal.
“Unlike Lethe-sama, the two of you have a complementary relationship. Do you really intend to protect Taeseong?”
“okay.”
“huh’?”
Taeseong blinked his eyes.
“If the planetary program goes wrong, it will affect me too. Above all, you cannot be defeated by mere creatures. Someone like you that even your parents don’t recognize.”
“That is difficult to accept.”
Baal’s brow wrinkled.
“You made humans, not us. Well, demons came from human emotions, so they’re probably at least grandsons, but that doesn’t mean you’re superior to Lethe-sama.”
“Why are you here?”
Taeseong couldn’t believe it right away.
“You said you weren’t involved in human affairs. Weren’t you supposed to give it a chance?”
He was more afraid of the Cell Buster that Argones would cause than his own extinction.
“It is not a human problem. Neither the Drimo program nor the Underworld program are currently in a state where they can carry out their normal missions. If this continues, the balance of the five major systems will collapse.”
Argones turned his head.
“Give me one last chance. Go back to Lethe. We’ll take care of things here.”
“haha.”
The lecture was in Baal’s eyes.
“Can it be?”
Argones’ blow made him feel as good as his chest throbbed.
It is true that he wanted to test his ability since he had reached an unprecedented level in the history of the demons.
‘The end of the world. I felt empty because it seemed like it would end easily.’
thank god.
‘I can wield it properly.’
The next moment, Baal and Argones were hit at the same time, and the outer wall of the Ivory Tower was scattered like dust.
“Big!”
Except for Taeseong and Singh, who were fixed by the law, everything was crumbling.
Thing thought.
Perhaps this will be the battle at the end of the world.
“The manager is no big deal either.”
Argones, whose upper body was cut obliquely by the sword at the lecture, stood on a water hole with his remaining arm.
Then, the arm turned into a leg, and before I knew it, the upside down was reversed and it regained its original shape.
Baal leaned his sword over his shoulder.
“Can’t you kill me too?”
Unlike Mimoon, Argones, capable of cell proliferation indefinitely, was a true immortal.
“But I won. It wouldn’t be bothersome if I faced more enemies that I couldn’t kill
only.”
that’s also true.
Baal twisted his back with all his might and said holding the handle of his sword with both hands.
“I am the pinnacle of demons.”
It was a blow that could slash not only Argones, but also Taeseong and Sing’s party.
“stop.”
A familiar voice.
Taeseong and Singh’s expressions changed, and blood vessels began to rise in Baal’s eyes.
“Krrrr.”
Even if you imitate a swordsman, you’re still a demon in the end.
“Yahweh.”
The face of Baal, who tore his lips with a face contorted toward the center, was the devil himself.
Thing couldn’t believe it.
“Sir, Sirone.”
The figure covered in demon blood was not the Sirone he had seen before.
“Hehe, did you come after all? I’m sorry. In the end you didn’t keep anything. And the demon’s blood. After all, you are only human… …
“shut up.”
Sirone sighed briefly.
“Don’t talk to me.” Half of Baal’s body was completely crushed.
M | 99
When it returned to normal, it was already flying at a tremendous speed.
Baal pulled out the river and applied the brakes.
“Big!”
However, the body did not stop, rather, the pressure that seemed to destroy the body was pushed.
“Aaaaaaa!”
So he became a star in the sky.
“… … Aaaaa!”
After a while, it came back with great speed and cursed Sirone with its bloody mouth.
“Abominable Yahweh!”
“no.”
Perhaps Baal should have been cool.
“Even if I’m just an abomination like you said, even if I’m just a hypocrite… …
Although it must have been unpleasant for his pride to have reached the pinnacle of evil.
“You guys have no right to say that.”
He couldn’t come back without understanding how he had been struck the first time.
“Photon Cannon.”
What was born was a small photon.
And if you put mass in it and send it out at 99.9999% of the speed of light.
‘what?’
You won’t feel anything.
“Aww!”
All the internal atoms that already make up existence are twisted.
And something like that.
“Infinity.”
It has spread to innumerable numbers.
“Huh uh uh uh!”
It was a feeling of fright rather than shock, and it was a fear that seemed to drain the soul.
That moment when the body of Baal, whose front part was terribly crumpled, flew back again.
“Come on.”
When Sirone held out his hand, he flew forward again as if pushed by the current.
Tae-seong realized.
‘Waves of particles.’
It was the highest level that a human, not Yahweh, a wizard of light could reach.
“Oops! Oooh!”
Falling to the ground, Baal screamed and twisted his limbs as if he had melted from the heat.
With Baal between her legs, Sirone looked down at him and gently thrust her fist out.
“Photon Cannon.”
Baal shook his head madly.
“Ugh! Aaaaaaa!”
“… … Infinity.”
“Aaaaaaaa! Aaaaaaa!”
Baal’s limbs convulsed as he poured down an enormous number of light-speed particles.
It was as if the birth and destruction of the universe were passing through his brain.
“Are you in pain?”
There is no way to describe this experience, so Baal was only weeping and wriggling.
“It is not revenge. Because the dead don’t come back just because they haunt you. Do you know what this means? that there is no turning back You killed it, and you did something, and you, the person involved, cannot be held accountable!”
“Huh! Whoa!”
Said Rhone, looking down at Baal with sad eyes.
“I hate that.”

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-1228.txt
=============YYYYY=============
Forbidden Zone (5)
The intestines became sober.
It is not to fight with good and evil in order to judge someone.
“What’s the difference with this?”
The truth is, I don’t want to curse the guilty, recommend the good, or punish the wicked… … .
“I just want to fix the problem.”
It’s just that I don’t like the extreme of chaos that I’m willing to commit even though I know I can’t take responsibility.
After hearing Sirone’s words, Baal realized.
‘It’s not Yahweh.’
If Miracle Stream was harmful to demons, Photon Cannon Infinity was harmful to all things.
‘Atomic destruction ability.’
Yahweh, who has removed all of his inner demons through Sojeonghwa, will no longer be able to rage.
‘ similar.’
As Baal felt, the Photon Cannon Infinity definitely had the characteristics of a minority.
It’s just a difference between quantum and particle, but the way to destroy them in a one-on-one response is the same.
That made it even more upsetting.
‘I lost to the wizard?’
Even if they reached the final stage of chaos, they had no choice but to be trampled by the pinnacle of intelligence.
‘Do not be ridiculous! It’s not over yet.’ Evil methodology.
The pride of the 1st corps commander and the pride of the strongest demon tribe were not important anymore.
“Hey, Yahweh.”
He turned over with his entire body twisted and fell flat on his elbows.
“I will repent.”
Jisung won.
However, Taeseong, as well as Argones watching the scene, had a serious expression on his face.
‘Sirone.’
Good and evil are those who are at the extremes of the world, but they are rather stable in terms of purpose.
‘Now I’m the strongest as a human being. You can choose anything. If he has a bad heart… …
The future of mankind could be doomed.
“okay.”
Sirone withdrew his fist and stepped back.
“This does not mean that the dead will return, but please repent. My heartfelt condolences to them.”
If no one repents, the day will never come when evil will disappear from this world.
Tears welled up in Taeseong at the sight of Sirone giving him another chance.
‘Yes, it was.’
I can’t have a bad heart, so I guess I chose the path of Yahweh.
“thank you.”
Baal, who spoke with his forehead on the floor, looked up and chilled.
‘This is the end, Yahweh.’ The Pandemonium Deadly Cross of the 1st Corps Commander.
If the demon was as strong as it is now, the meteorite’s arrival time would be much shorter.
‘Of course, the power is beyond imagination.’
Sparks flew from Thing’s eyes as his body gave off purple smoke.
“Sirone! that guy… …
Baal lifted his face.
His face, whose molecular structure was transformed as if a species had been changed, was the height of grotesqueness.
“In the end, this is my victory, Yahweh.”
“no!”
The moment Taeseong shouted, Argones jumped out and cut Baal’s head.
“… … late.”
The administrator was the first to realize, and Sirone looked back across the vast universe.
‘come.’
They were meteorites of enormous mass.
When Baal’s body was completely destroyed, the demonic spirit that permeated the air let out a muffled voice.
– Ha ha ha! I became a demon, so you can’t kill me. How are you? Can this be solved too? Even if the meteorite is destroyed, the human race will become extinct in the aftermath alone! you couldn’t keep up! Did you really think I would do penance?
“no.”
I was expecting
“I just wished. Nothing will change. We will continue to reach out. No matter how much you ridicule, no matter how harshly you think, no matter how much you are tricked by your tongue like now… …
The answer is clear.
“Because we are right.”
Nowhere in this universe is there a shrine for demons.
“Once an hour.”
Smoke of light rose from Sirone’s body.
“Elicia.”
The 7 million Ultima system began denying the demonic system.
– What are you doing!
It’s only 0.3 percent of the existing human race, but if human justice is everything… … .
‘It is also.’
Because it is 0.003% of the entire universe.
-no! It can’t be like this! how is this… … !
“Suffice.”
It was easy enough to annihilate a meteorite, which is mere dust compared to the universe.
When Sirone opened her arms, a cross-shaped radiance shot a flag of light toward the sky.
-Yahweh! You will die painfully! One day the human you love will kill you… … !
Sensing extinction, Baal quickly spewed out the words, but in the end, a scream adorned the end.
-Oh oh oh! oh oh oh!
Following the sound of being sucked into the abyss, the flash disappeared and silence came.
Everyone was facing Sirone.
“that is… … what?”
For Singh, who handles the law, the flash of a moment ago was the greatest shock of his life.
“Elicia. no……
Sirone turned to her and said.
“Ultima System.”
Xing’s expression went blank, and Yin-Ji and Yang-Ji, who assisted her, frowned.
“Sing.”
perseverance is weakening.
‘I’m being persuaded.’
One thing, defined by 7 million people, was overwhelming enough to defy Sing’s philosophy.
Argones, who watched Gaia from the side, had the same thoughts.
‘If it’s really Ultima, it’s easy to deny the Pandemonium.’
How about Cell Buster?
He couldn’t make up his mind.
‘This level of power can never be stopped. But at least it’s like the Ultima system. If this becomes the fuse and the real thing is completed… …
The result will no longer be known even by God.
‘Should I deal with it now?’
Taesung said.
“Argones, you promised. Humanity has not yet invaded the realm of the gods.”
And I looked back at Sirone.
“Please release me. If the system of the Underworld is destroyed, the foil will open and reality and hell will overlap.”
Demons descend into the present world.
It was also the reason why Sirone was preparing to establish Tormia as a world leader.
“Thing, maybe we will never know the truth of others. But we can do it together. Not with logic, but with the heart. If you still have feelings for me… …
Sirone held out his hand.
“Let’s fight together.” Thing still didn’t answer, but a fierce battle was going on inside his head.
‘Sirone. more, a little more… … Convince me.
Uorin was exhausted.
“Heo-eok! Huh!”
From the headaches of future poetry, from the attacks of assassins from around the world, from the fear of crossing the line.
Kido looked back at her.
‘It’s the limit.’
both physically and mentally.
‘It’s enduring in the extreme realm, but it collapses even if a little more shock is applied here.’
Mitochondrial Eve has lived through human history, but Woorin now is different.
If you think that any experience is something you give to your new self, you will be able to endure it… … .
‘I don’t have a daughter. Now she is the only one.’
It was because it was to give birth to Sirone’s child, and it was the years she endured only for that.
‘As much as I’ve waited for tens of thousands of years, my current life is precious. But he crossed the dead line dozens of times.’
Should I rest?
The moment he turned around thinking that, Wu Orin suddenly sat down with a surprised expression on his face.
“Huh!”
Kido hurriedly ran away.
“what’s the matter? what’s the matter!”
As she looked up at the ceiling with a bewildered expression, she trembled and said,
“Elicia, Elicia… …
“huh’?”
she said, turning her head.
“It didn’t trigger.”
It was the light that always covered the entire temple at the same time and found the location of Harvitz.
“It was written elsewhere. Shiro, you won’t protect me. anymore I……
Through Uorin’s eyes, Kido confirmed the process of mental collapse in real time.
“Uorin, calm down! hey!”
Uorin covered her face and screamed.
“evil! Aww!”
die, die, die, die
Tens of thousands of years have no meaning whatsoever.
“Wake! hey!”
Kido grabbed her by the shoulder and shook her, but her will, once broken, was not easily restored.
Uorin grabbed Kido and shouted.
“What do we do? Harvits will come. Habits will kill me and take away her powers! done!”
The feeling of hopelessness made her cry out again.
“Aaaaa!”
“Please come to your senses!”
When Kido slapped him hard on the cheek, Uorin’s eyes instantly returned to normal.
“Havitz is not coming! Now you remember Habitz! You didn’t activate Vanishing!”
“That’s why Syrone didn’t use Elikia either! Nothing is over yet. we… … !”
At that moment, Kido’s senses sensed the presence.
“Who are you!”
Something popped out of the corner at the end of the hallway, and Kido opened his mouth in a daze.
My brain was floating around.
“brain’?”
Hearing those words, Uorin turned her head away, forgetting even the fear and frowning.
“you… …
Kido turned his head.
“what’s the matter? Do you know what that is?”
“Adam.”
An illusion unfolded around his brain, transforming him into a man with metallic hair.
“Are you human? Something is a little strange.”
“I am Gaian. and… … Not even my husband.”
“ok?”
Adam, who calmly walked down the hallway while Kido blinked, opened his mouth.
“It’s been a while, Uorin. no… … her real name.
“Release.”
It was her name before she became Eve.
Nade looked around.
“Is this Melkidu’s core?” Cain said.
“okay. To be precise, it is the road to the Halls of Evil. To tell you one thing, this isn’t an undercoder, it’s a real forest. That’s why time flows just like reality.”
Sirone realized why Cain had grown old.
‘Even if you hold on to time through cowardice, you have no choice but to come out in reality to bring users to the core. But maybe only a few hours in five years.’ Even so, if you were middle-aged, you could guess how long human history has been.
As they entered the forest, a huge golden altar stood in front of them.
Cain pointed to the Hall of Evil.
“As you might guess, this place was not made by me. The first Melkidu was originally a term referring to the Halls of Evil. But I came into this forest… …
“I made a strange system.”
Cain laughed happily at Iruki’s words.
“haha! Wasn’t it pretty fun? come in anyway Because all evil is recorded here. And if you erase it, it will also be erased in reality.”
A shadow fell over Curtis’ face.
Upon entering the entrance, there was a stairway to the basement, followed by an endless passageway with bright light.
Eden asked with a serious expression.
“How far is it?”
“Well, as much as human history? Actually, I don’t know where it ends because I’ve never been to the end either. If you explore a place like this, you will die of old age. furthermore… …
Cain entered the first of the openings along the corridor.
“My favorite place is here.”
The party followed Cain’s gaze and looked at the extra-large portrait hanging on the wall.
“and… …
In addition to the power given by its size, it was a work of art that evoked a bizarre feeling as to who painted it.
“Not all characters are given special privileges, but this person is special. Yahweh would understand?”
Sirone said.
“Mitochondrial Eve.”
After hearing that, the party took a closer look at the portrait.
“Uorin?”
Although it was beautiful, it was completely different from the present appearance, and above all, the impression was close to evil.
“It is the original form before reversing evolution. The one who implanted the concept of good and evil in mankind.”
Nade was bewildered.
“What the hell did you do that even good and evil come out?”
“she is… …
Sirone with a bitter expression looked back at the party and said.
“I touched the forbidden fruit.”

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-1229.txt
=============YYYYY=============
Missing Link(1)
Omega Year 666.
Due to the minorization of Anchera, two Gaians boarded the ark and left heaven.
The names of those who arrived on the lonely planet with the help of Terraforce were Adam and Lilith.
“It is our land.”
It was an atmospheric environment similar to heaven, and the scale of the ecosystem was no less than that.
“Let’s call it Eden.”
Unlike the contented Adam, Lilith was worried.
“Ultima’s power has weakened. Can we really carve out a new life here?”
“are you okay. Because we are a race that fought against God. You and I will be happy here forever.”
As time passed, the ancient city of Eden prospered enough to be called humanity.
16.8 billion Gaians.
The reason the population was able to grow explosively was because lifespans were extremely long.
After returning from farming, Adam kissed Lilith as he embraced him.
Love that transcends time must be the reason they were designated as the passengers of the ark.
“Today is also a peaceful day.”
In the scene overlooking the city of Eden, Lilith smiled heartily.
“There is nothing more enjoyable than seeing children live happily ever after.”
Lilith felt like she had it all.
‘They are all my children.’
If any parent had 16.8 billion children, they would understand Lilith.
“huh?”
At that moment, the sky suddenly opened and a dazzling flash of light illuminated the earth.
As all the Gaians in the city knelt down, Adam wept with emotion.
“Ahhh.”
“Dear Adam.”
It was a Guffin who later became a god with a heart.
He decided to take the Gaia people here to win the war of the gods.
At one time, Adam too was willing to comply because he had fought in heaven, but Lilith was not.
“no! Absolutely not!”
In order to change Guffin’s heart, she abandoned Ultima, but Gaiain eventually left Eden.
Left alone, she cried for three days and three nights.
If any parent had lost 16.8 billion of their children, Lilith would understand.
As the tears dried up, Lilith heard footsteps approaching her.
“honey.”
Adam was walking.
“why?”
“You sent me back to take care of you. This is the land we must live in… …
Lilith jumped up and slapped Adam on the cheek.
“Why did you send the children away! How I raised those children, how I took care of this city!”
“You know. We must fight! Did you forget the pride of being a Gaian just because you abandoned Ultima?”
“Of course you know. How dangerous Heaven is, how strong God is! Oh, they will all die!”
Adam was sad.
It is because I knew what the current situation of setting up an angle of confrontation meant.
“You really abandoned Ultima.” Lilith spat out ferociously.
“no. you stole it My opinion, the children, Ultima, and the pride of being a Gaiar!”
The clear and gentle impression of her began to distort into a cold and cruel impression.
“Sick of it.”
The inorganic hair, which must have originally evolved in a heavenly environment, snapped off at the midpoint.
“you! What are you doing!”
And the newly growing hair was organic hair, a characteristic of creatures living in Eden.
“Twice again… …
Lilith said with narrowed eyes.
“I won’t be taken away.”
Reverse evolution created by hatred of Gaians and obsession with maintaining the species.
It was the first Eve.
“You were a beautiful person.”
After saying that, Cain smiled.
“Your temperament was a bit nasty.” Amidst the silence in the Hall of Evil, Iruki turned to Shirone and asked.
“Why is Mitochondrial Eve defining good and evil? What did you do?”
Sirone said.
“Lilith abandoned Ultima to become Mitochondrial Eve. Afterwards, she gave birth to a child with Adam, but the child was far from what Adam wanted.”
Iruki looked at Cain’s face.
“… … You weren’t Gaian.”
“okay. I haven’t fully awakened my abilities yet. It was just that a Gaian who had mastered his heart transformed his own genetic ability with a fervent wish. Of course, the relationship between the two of them has fallen apart. There were daily disagreements, and sometimes antagonism.”
Cain’s eyes deepened.
“Lilith hated Adam, who considered her a tool for reproduction. That hatred led to hatred of men, and it seems that he was quite harsh with his son. But the really big problem is… …
Sirone paused for a moment.
“What would happen if two people, a man and a woman, fell on a certain planet and they separated?”
great loneliness.
Sirone asked again.
“They are… … Who am I to love?”
“Aaaaa!”
Lilith was bestial.
Abandoning Gaia’s precepts, she fell in love with many of the planet’s servants.
Witch of Lust.
Adam, who criticized his wife like that, eventually couldn’t stand it and left the house.
Lilith didn’t care.
‘I want to love. I want to be loved.’ The vicious cycle of coveting pleasure, the more empty the mind becomes, and the more it covets pleasure.
However, there was one precept that even such a lustful witch did not break.
“mother.”
After leaving home for the first time in a while, she looked indifferently at her children who worked hard.
“What are you doing here?”
Having not felt human warmth for over 100 years, she was drying up in love.
Seeing Abel, his son with a strong build, in such a state, saliva went down his throat.
‘ ha.’
My body was burning hot, and I was dizzy from wanting to hit him right away.
‘no.’
Lilith desperately endured it.
Perhaps it was the pride he wanted to protect until the end as a fallen Gaian.
‘Beasts don’t matter. but no children If you set foot there even once… …
can never come back
The moment that one taboo is broken, desire will be passed down from generation to generation and lead to ruin for everything.
At that time, lost in thought, Lilith saw her daughter, Luluwa, kissing Abel.
‘… … is it?’
It wasn’t anything strange.
Even when they first arrived on this planet, all Gaians were the children of Adam and Lilith.
‘Yes, it is unavoidable. But Lulu and Cain have been close since they were little.’
Where he turned his gaze, there stood Cain, who was looking at his younger brother with a sad expression.
‘It can’t be helped.’ Lilith thought Cain should give up.
‘Lulu and Abel should be paired with each other. Because it’s the right thing to do with someone you love.’
No matter how depraved she was, her Gaian rationality still remained.
However, unlike her who once mastered the mind, Cain shed tears every night.
“why?”
Cain asked himself.
“Why Abel works and I can’t!”
I want to love you.
I just want to start a family with my beloved sister and live happily ever after.
“I mean, I fell in love first! Before Abel liked it, I said I liked it first!”
Why aren’t there two people with Lulu?
The law of this world, in which Abel had to be unhappy in order to be happy, was terrible.
“Oh God.”
Cain told the world.
“Why Abel? What have I done wrong! Why the hell! Should I be unhappy!”
God… … I was careless.
“shit!”
If it wasn’t for Abel… … .
‘If he hadn’t been born, if he hadn’t existed in this world!’
Would he have loved himself with Lulu?
At that moment, Cain came up with a genius idea.
‘No Abel?’
My heart started beating like it was when I first felt love for Luluwa.
Since they were born and until now, no one has ever died.
At the same time, Lilith reflected herself in the mirror in the stinking room.
“Am I becoming a beast?” The more he craved pleasure, the more dense and stimulating his body became.
Reverse evolution is still going on.
“Abel… …
Would you like this body?
‘That would be nice, Lulu.’
To receive the love of two strong men, Cain and Abel.
‘If I were my daughter… …
Lilith, who had a dizzying imagination for a moment, turned around coldly, swearing.
‘no.’
You have to finish yourself.
The instincts of living things are passed on to posterity and cannot be traced back to the region.
‘Should I die?’
It should have been, Uorin still thinks as she recalls that time.
If only I had known I would have to endure eons of time.
One day.
The sky at that time was so clear and vast that thunder and lightning seemed to split the world apart.
It was a night of torrential rain.
While the Arden brothers were resting at their respective homes, a man walked in the rain.
Cain was nervous.
‘Can it really be like this?’ She left the house as if possessed by something, and she knows that she can return even now.
‘Abel… … Kill?’
His mind was convulsing with the unknown anticipation of what lay ahead.
‘no. There’s no way it’s possible to kill Abel. Why should you? It’s not even food.’
It was an era when the concept of murder did not even exist because no one died.
‘It’s the same thing as hunting anyway.’ In fact, Lilith’s children have continued to eat by killing countless plants and animals.
So, if it was a sin to kill Abel, it was a sin to be alive.
That is the original sin that humanity will bear in the future.
‘It would be sad without Abel. That guy is reliable and strong. Her brothers will feel bad too.’
Cain hesitated.
However, as soon as he was inclined to give up Luluwa, the hand holding the dagger became stronger.
‘I can’t do that!’
I wanted to be happy with the woman I loved, and I hated seeing her happy with my sister.
‘Yeah, it’s just Abel disappearing. Even now, countless lives are disappearing.’
The moment he saw his brother’s house in the distance, Cain felt a great chill.
“Huh.”
I wanted to scream.
‘Why do you feel so strange? You can’t help it if you want to love Lulu Wawa. Her world doesn’t make her 2 of her. If her position had changed, she would not have Abel… …
Did he really try to kill himself?
Hurrying away from the thought that came to his mind, Cain stood tall in front of the door of his brother’s house.
“Oh, Abel.”
A roar of thunder shook the sky.
The moment his heart was about to shake, Cain clenched his fists and knocked on the door openly.
Bang bang! Bang bang!
After driving himself to a place of no return, the only thing left for him is the judgment of fate.
‘Don’t come out, Abel.’
maybe you haven’t heard
‘Never come out. It was just thunder. I just need to fall asleep as usual.’
“Aw, what is it? in this weather.”
and destiny.
“who are you? uh? What is your brother doing all of a sudden?”
He opened the door for Cain.

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-123.txt
=============YYYYY=============
[123] New encounter (4)
“ah… … grade card? My sister has it.”
“Raina? why? bring it.”
“I don’t know. I took it away to show her grandfather. How do I know what the witch is thinking? Anyway, give me the sword quickly. Ever since she was little, she wanted to have it and worked so hard.”
The sword that Rian desperately wanted was a straight sword specialized in the swordsmanship of the Ogent family. It was a greatsword that was twice as heavy as a normal longsword, and the blade was too long to handle unless you were tall.
Ever since Lian learned the sword, he had his eyes on the straight sword of the Ogent family. In particular, the sword that was spit on as his own was the sword his grandfather used himself.
Clump had wanted to hand over the sword to Lian from before. It was Reina and Lian who inherited the blue-haired lineage among her own grandchildren, and apart from her female Reina, she thought that only Lian could wield her sword.
“I’m in the black grandpa’s room. But why are you suddenly looking for black when you say you’re going to play? Tess, you’ve come a long way, though.”
“I have thoughts, yes. Anyway, I’ll bring it now.”
Ryan ran up to Grandpa’s room. It was an excessive sword for him, who had not even mastered the schema, but he intended to bring it with him on this trip.
It is clear that Sirone is trying to explore the ruins. Just as thread follows where the needle goes, if Shiro runs into a dangerous place, shouldn’t he be by his side?
‘This is the great sword of the Ogent family.’
Lian looked up in rapture at the greatsword hanging in her grandfather’s room. A form containing the spirit of the Ogent family, which is said to be difficult to wield until the schema is opened.
Of course, schema is still impossible. However, Lian raised the sword with only one hand and drew it in front of his eyes.
‘Heavy. But it’s not to the extent that I can’t wield it.’
Lian felt the same way when she was judged to be an imaginary schema. However, he thought positively in any situation, as he never gave up.
Whether it’s a schema or not, as long as it passes the muscle strength test, the power is the same. Someday I will have to open the schema, but I was still in the position that it was worth holding on.
The sword was so heavy that it was inconvenient to carry it in a sheath made of iron. Lian wore a net-shaped scabbard made of cowhide behind his back and inserted a straight sword.
People would notice if he was dressed like this, but it didn’t matter because it wasn’t illegal to wear a sword.
Except for special areas designated by the city, anyone could kick the sword as long as they followed their own rules.
Commoners were sector level C, nobles sector level B, royalty sector level A, and so on.
Rian proudly wore his straight sword and came down the stairs. But the opportunity to get him noticed never came back.
Louise, the butler, opened the gate and reported.
“Head of the household, Master Sirone has arrived.”
Entering the hall with Amy, Sirone first greeted Bischoff.
On the outside, he was strict and blunt, but he was a family man to the point of paying the monthly rent and staying at home when he heard that his son was coming.
From Sirone’s point of view, as a guardian who helped her attend magic school, I heard that she took care not only of her school life but also of her parents’ housekeeping.
“hello. Have you been well?”
“okay. I heard that she is doing well.”
“This time, I was promoted to Class Four. Thanks for your help. thank you.”
Recalling Rian’s past, Bischoff smiled bitterly. Class Forani. How big would the substitute talent be to enter Class Four after half a year of entering magic school?
Of course, parents are not stupid enough to compare their children with each other. However, as a single swordsman, he was concerned that Lian, who had taken the oath to become a knight, would be filled with Sirone’s last name.
“It is because of your hard work. In any case, it’s worth the support. I heard that Rihanna is going on a trip with a beautiful lady this time without knowing the subject. Are you going too?”
“yes. We decided to go together.”
“Is the lady next to you your partner?”
Bischoff turned his eyes to the red-haired girl. He looked familiar, but I couldn’t remember him well.
“hello. This is Karmis Amy.”
Bischoff’s eyes twinkled. Not only Lian and Tess, but also the butler, Louis, looked back at Amy curiously.
As a first-class aristocrat, the Karmis family does not boast the highest authority in terms of kingdom alone.
However, the freewheeling tendency and talent of the red eyes spread across the continent beyond the kingdom.
It could be said that the achievements that are not limited to the country reveal their identity the best.
Bischoff also did not think that aristocratic ranks represented family power. For there are many nobles in the world who rise to high ranks through all sorts of flattery and vile means.
Such people ignore legitimacy and even change their family customs to get ahead in life. However, Elsaine and Karmis were different from those types.
Legitimacy is a law established only by conviction. Since the establishment of the kingdom, their pride in choosing only one path was not something that could be bought with money or power.
“now. Let’s talk later, let’s go for now. I have to leave now to be on time for the ship!”
Rihanna refreshed the atmosphere. He asked Bischoff for permission, but his nervousness did not subside.
Perhaps by now, the express mail sent by Rayna was flying like an arrow.
It was obvious that the moment the report card was released, heaven would be far away and the road to hell would unfold.
“Dad, then I will go. It will take about ten days.”
“okay. You’ve worked hard in training, so have fun and come. Oh, and use this as an addition to your travel expenses.”
Bischoff threw a heavy bag of gold coins. Lian looked inside and was startled. It was the first time he had ever received so much money from his father.
In fact, Bischoff was in a good mood. Even when he took oath to knight, he thought he was ruining a son, but he learned the schema that didn’t work like that, and he made good friends.
In addition, Sirone, who will become Lian’s owner, was growing steadily based on her outstanding talent.
If you think that training is also an investment for real combat, wouldn’t it be reasonable to pay half a year’s wages?
Rian felt guilty, but even that feeling was a luxury now. Only the thought that he had to get out of this house alive was filling his head.
“okay. Then I will go with my friends. Ah, Temuran. Wait for the carriage to go to the port.”
“All right. Have a nice trip.”
Temuran saw Lian off and made a pitiful expression. I was able to guess the situation just by running away in a cold sweat.
‘The time I can last is 10 minutes. Good luck, young boy.’
Temuran paid attention to the envelope in his bosom. It was express mail from Reina, which had just arrived from the capital.
* * *
There was not a single wagon to play with, probably because the butlers had a lot of work today. There was a dedicated wagon, but it took an hour just to saddle it up and do maintenance.
Lian said that there was no need for maintenance, but he had no choice but to accept the request to inspect the screw on the wheel. This is because if an accident happens, all the sins will be overwritten by the carriage manager.
The four of them waited near the stable for the carriage to come.
There was no conversation for a while. It was a situation that often occurred when they first met each other. However, many analyzes were going on in my mind.
Tess first looked at Sirone. He knew he was an aspiring wizard, but since Lian had sworn a knight’s oath, he thought of a hot-blooded boy. However, when I met him, he was unexpectedly soft and calm.
Amy from the Karmis family was also interesting. Karmis, the star of the continent. What kind of character are the people in the family?
In the end, Tess spoke first. He thought that there should be no awkwardness, at least when inside the carriage.
“Should I say a full name first? Call me Elzaine Tess.”
“I am Karmis Amy. Nice to meet you.”
“Ah, I am Aryan Sirone.”
Tess also shook hands with Sirone. But the moment he heard the last name, he tilted his head.
Like the Elzain family, which specialized in diplomacy, she knew the surnames of quite a few aristocratic families. However, I had never heard of the Aryan family, as if passing by.
“Aha, you are Aryan. Um, over there… … Is your home in Creas?”
Tess turned around and asked, so as not to offend the other person. After reading her thoughts, Sirone confessed honestly.
“Oh, I have no family. I am a commoner.”
“uh? A commoner?”
Tess’ eyes widened. At first, she wondered if she was talking nonsense because she was nervous. Otherwise, wouldn’t Lian be able to take a knight’s oath to a commoner?
Tess turned to Amy. She said that she knew that there was no change in her feelings.
‘What the hell is going on? What the hell is Lian thinking? Why is Amy again? How can someone from the Karmis family follow as a commoner’s partner? Isn’t this a couple trip?’
Tess, who had never experienced Sirone, was inevitably confused. Also, as much as he was surprised by Sirone, Lian’s decision came more intensely.
Even if Sirone was a child with great abilities, it was easier said than done not to discriminate against her status.
Moreover, it was not just a friend, but a knight’s oath that he had to serve as his master for the rest of his life.
‘In a sense… … It’s like Lian.’
When Tess couldn’t find anything to say for a long time, Sirone spoke first.
“Sorry. If you’re uncomfortable… … .”
“Oh, no. excuse me i did To be honest, I was so surprised that I didn’t panic. however… … am i weird? Everyone is calm, so it makes me look like a bad kid, ho ho ho!”
Tess hurriedly cut the mood. He was Lian’s lord whether he was a commoner or aristocrat. If so, he thought that he shouldn’t be foolish either.
‘Tess, you’re a righteous person.’
Sirone could sense what Tess was like. Would you say that she is the woman Rihanna chose?
It was impossible to make others laugh even while lowering oneself without sincere consideration.
“thank you for saying it like that. I’ve heard a lot about it. She’s Ryan’s lover.”
“Oh, what are you talking about? Did you really look like a lover? do we get along that well? Ho-ho-ho!”
Tess is starting to like Sirone. On the other hand, Ryan’s face turned red. It is an illusion that must be broken. But she only kept her mouth shut because she liked that Tess was nice to Sirone.
Amy looked back at Lian in surprise. When she heard of her plan to go to the island, she initially wondered what kind of nefarious person had come up with such a plan, but she was more honest and caring than expected.
‘The Ogent family, whose family was built only with swords. They say there is one genius with black hair, but this one has blue hair.’
Although the aristocratic rank is the second rank and not the royal family, it was because of the honest character that did not know compromise.
This kind of family is called ‘pure’ in the political world.
It refers to neutrality, and in peacetime, the influence on the political world is not so great.
However, it was a force that could never be looked down upon as the political landscape changed depending on where the vote of innocence went in the event of a national upheaval.
While Amy was thinking about that, Tess was looking at Sirone and Amy.
Both of them had a cute appearance and a bright energy in their eyes. Besides, I thought that he would insist on doing the same no matter what his actual personality was.
“By the way, what is the relationship between the two of you? Now that I see it, it fits really well. Between lovers?”
Tess asked, pointing at the two of them alternately, causing Amy to cry slightly. It was because she was taken in with the feeling that she was snuggly and mingling with her little ones.
—————————————

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-1230.txt
=============YYYYY=============
Missing Link(2)
Abel was terrified.
Cain’s expression as he stood indifferently in the rain was an emotion he had never felt before.
run away
It was probably a sign of that feeling, but Abel struggled to control his emotions and smiled.
“What’s going on? What’s wrong with your expression?”
“Abel.”
Although he hadn’t put anything into action yet, Cain was thrilled with just that.
‘How free are we?’
If God is indifferent anyway, what difference does it make if you do what you think?
‘I can’t.’
Cain found the only break that was nestled in that thrilling insight.
‘Killing my younger brother is a strange thing.’
It’s so strange, it seems to restrict even this infinite freedom that God has spread out.
“Abel, I… …
Just as Cain was about to speak, a noise came from the room.
“Who is here?”
As Luluwa came out of the bedroom, Abel turned to Cain with an awkward smile.
“They said they were afraid of thunder… … Ugh!”
Even now, after many years, Cain cannot remember what happened at that moment.
“?… “brother?”
For a moment, the world was pale, and when he came to his senses, a knife was stuck in his brother’s chest.
first murder.
Abel did not understand what had happened to him.
“……why?”
As the body of the giant collapsed with a thump, Luluwa blinked for a moment and was lost in thought.
‘What is it?’
Why did Cain stab Abel with a sword?
‘Why aren’t you breathing? Are you dead? Like animals, like what we eat… … Are you dead?’
The aftermath of emotions pierced her lungs so huge that it could not be analyzed.
“iced coffee!”
Luluwa sat down helplessly, and Cain looked at his brother’s body as it cooled.
‘Killed.’
I thought a lot.
Perhaps it was a feeling that even if I devoted my whole life to thinking about this, it would not be enough.
‘Luluwa is now mine.’
Cain tried to ignore that fact and focused on being faithful to his original purpose.
“Lulu and.”
Even as Cain approached, she couldn’t even think of blaming anyone.
The first is like that.
Even if something actually happened, you start to doubt whether it is true rather than the result.
“Abel is no more. disappeared from this world Now there are only two left, you and me.”
“brother.”
I was confused with Lulu.
Cain’s words were persuasive because he had never defined anything as bad or evil.
“Come on.”
But the moment she was led by Cain’s hand into her bedroom, she made up her mind.
‘I love Abel.’
Even if he had to live with Cain for the rest of his life, that fact would not change.
“no. no, bro! I can’t be your brother’s wife!”
“it is not so.”
There were only 60 brothers, and there were not many options for mankind just starting out.
“It’s already over. Abel cannot be revived. Now you will be my mate.”
My brain was on the verge of exploding with animalistic desire.
For a very short time, it seems that I gave myself over to that desire while half losing my reason.
However, the moment he heard the sad cry, everything began to become clear to Cain.
“Lulu and.”
The way she looked at herself who had killed Abel.
‘My, I… …
Even if it wasn’t a knife, it contained disgust that would kill a person’s soul.
‘What have you done?’
Cain hurriedly fell from his sister’s body as if he had been touched by a heated stone.
“Oh, no.”
I can do that, so I just did it.
“Lulu, please… …
don’t look at me like that
“Aaaaaaa!”
Cain ran out of the room clutching his head and slipped on the bloody floor.
“Huh!”
Abel’s open eyes were looking at him.
“no!”
As soon as I slammed the door and left the house, thunder and lightning stretched endlessly across the sky.
Qurrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr!
It felt like Abel’s blood as the raindrops drenched his body in an instant, as if he were submerged in water.
Qurrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr!
“no!”
Cain couldn’t see.
I was afraid of everything, and I only thought that time would stop like this.
Cain knocked on the door of Lilith’s house as if someone was chasing him from behind.
“mother! mother!”
In the end, he had only one person to turn to.
“who is this?” Lilith stared at Cain, who looked heavier than her rain-soaked body.
Even the unusual blood on his chest.
“mother.”
Cain wept.
“I killed a man.”
Lilith, who savored those words with a calm expression, grabbed Cain’s wrist.
“Come in at once.”
Meanwhile, at Abel’s house where Cain left, Lulu and her cries resonated sadly.
“Abel, Abel.”
What I finally realized was that something had happened that should never have happened.
“Aaaaa!”
Luluwa held onto Abel’s body and cried out.
“no! If you leave like this… … !”
The shock caused her to lose consciousness, and her pupils rolled up, revealing the whites.
“Uh huh?”
At that moment, the door slammed open.
Lulu and her focus returned when she saw a silhouette much taller than a human.
“ah??????
Lightning lifted the darkness.
“dad.” “Drink.”
Lilith handed the warm tea to Cain.
“thank you.”
After wiping off the water with a towel, Cain sat down on the bed and sipped hot tea.
“Haaaaa.”
My hands were still shaking, but the fact that I was at my mother’s house was comforting.
Actually I’ve never been to
Whatever Lilith did in this house, the children would have taken it for granted.
“What happened?”
Cain answered Lilith’s question honestly.
Jealousy towards Abel, anticipation that Luluwa would come to him if his brother disappeared, and a flash of light.
“I thought it would be fine.” Cain was weeping.
“Because you can do that, you can do that. Mother, what should I do now?”
Lilith was sad.
It’s the desire to take over the beloved Jeong-in because I know better than anyone else.
“Come here.”
Lilith stretched out her arms and Cain cradled her in her arms with a look of despair on her face.
Lilith’s pupils shook at the force.
“ah??????
How long has it been since you felt someone’s warmth?
“It’s okay, my son. Because I have a mother this mother will protect you Got it?”
Cain realized.
“mother.”
If there is only one person who supports you, you will be able to live again.
“ha.”
Lilith caressed Cain’s chest with a moan between her teeth.
It was a kind of attraction.
If you want to make excuses, you can give them endlessly, but in fact, there is no room for any excuse.
The two bodies gave themselves over to unbearable convulsions and gradually lost their reason.
Cain had nowhere to turn, and was in a state of high arousal with murder and sexual urges.
Perhaps that is the case.
‘it’s crazy.’
The reason Lilith desperately came to her senses.
‘Let’s stop here. I can stop now Cain will listen to me.’
her mouth was open
“Now that… …
At that moment, Lilith saw the crystal of desire that was blurring even in her memory.
‘snake.’
The most beautiful snake in the world seemed to whisper.
take me
“OO Ugh.”
It was as if the desires from the depths, which had been suppressed until now, rose up and became an active volcano.
‘I’ll have it!’
That’s how she hugged her hard body and embraced it with her whole body.
Lilith’s screams spread throughout the room.
“Aaaaa!”
The extreme pleasure that can never be felt normally flowed into the other world.
– Covet! take away! kill!
In the midst of the whirlpool of demons crossing the boundaries of Bakji, the two suddenly realized.
‘crime.’
this is a sin
As much as fear and shame filled his entire body, the pleasure surged in multiplied form.
‘I touched the forbidden fruit.’
Good and bad.
For the first time since the birth of mankind, what is right and wrong is defined.
“Release!”
The moment Adam shouted, Cain fell from the bed in surprise as if struck by lightning.
“Ah, father.”
As if even the witch of lust couldn’t handle this shame, Lilith pulled the blanket.
“Dang, why are you here… …
Adam’s eyes shone with Gaian brilliance.
“Did he become a beast after all? You even kicked off your last chance to go to heaven?”
Lilith raised her eyes fiercely.
“You always think of heaven! Do you think Guffin will call you if you prosper Gai Ain? It’s already over! I am not here to give birth!”
“Oooh!”
Tears of light poured from Adam’s eyes like a waterfall.
‘sorry.’
I couldn’t keep Guffin’s will.
Because Gaiain’s last rule was broken, Ultima can no longer exist.
“We made a sin!”
Adam, who had surpassed Cain in one step, gave strength as soon as he grabbed Lilith by the neck.
“ぅ!”
As her neck was weakly broken, Cain sat down and his legs trembled.
“Ah, father.”
Adam looked down at him.
“… … leave.”
Who would you blame?
All brothers on this earth are the result of being born between Adam and Lilith.
“I must also bear the guilt.”
Under Ultima, no matter what you hunted or who you had a relationship with, it was right.
‘Murder and incest.’
Now there are things that should not be killed and things that should not be associated with.
Good and evil are defined.
“We are no longer perfectly right. You will sin endlessly in the bondage of eating and breeding.”
said Adam.
“No one can escape this cause.”
it’s called original sin
When Adam left Eden, Cain fell on the floor and held his head.
“Eh? Gaa! why! why!”
Cain tilled the land and Abel tended the sheep, and so they lived.
“Why me! Why Abel!”
What should the cold world, the law, do when it chooses Abel, not Cain?
“Huh”
how much i cried
As soon as the storm stopped and dawn began, Cain raised his head.
‘I have to leave.’
I couldn’t bear to see the faces of my brothers.
‘But where?’
In a world where no one lives but his brothers, Cain realizes that he has nowhere to hide.
I felt like the whole world was blaming me, and someone was going to kill me.
It was the first guilt.
Cain, who left Eden before dawn, wandered aimlessly through the world.
He was not free anywhere, and he thought even while his body was drying up.
‘Why did he do that?’
If death could solve the problem, I would be willing to take my own life right now.
Dry tears flowed.
‘I should have been patient. There were dozens, no, hundreds of opportunities. why me… …
Cain fell to his knees.
“Stop it now. let me go I can’t stand it even for a moment! Stop!”
Trapped in the trap of guilt, he was going mad.
“What did I do wrong! Abel could have killed me! Anyone can do it! That’s evil!”
warmed up again
“God, please save me. If only I hadn’t done that, if only I hadn’t done that… …
At that time, a thick haze spread in front of Cain’s eyes, and a building made of gold was born.
Cain watched as if possessed.
Perhaps because he was crazy, it was as if the building was talking to him.
-come. no one can blame you
lira
It was the Hall of Evil, Melkidu.

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-1231.txt
=============YYYYY=============
Missing Link(3)
Even after Sirone finished talking about the good and evil of mankind, the party remained silent.
Iruki was lost in thought.
‘It was something like that.’
A Gaian who has mastered the mind.
To them, who could make the whole no matter what they did, there would be no distinction between good and evil, public and mourning.
‘Ultima is broken.’ It’s not a matter of what you do, it’s a matter of how you define it.
Sirone continued.
“I don’t know what happened to Cain after that. The last record of Omega disappeared along with the thick smoke. In the end, he left reality and fled to Undercoder.”
Even if it wasn’t left in the record, Melkidu, which Sirone and the others experienced, was telling them what they were doing.
“I thought about it countless nights and pondered over it.”
Cain said.
“Where did it go wrong? No, was it really wrong? Why did I have to make that decision? Is that really evil?”
The group was listening.
“The bottom line is that everything is a game of dice. I just threw the dice. Not knowing what numbers might come out.”
The fact that the cold world chose Abel and stabbed his brother in the chest at that moment.
“Yes, chaos. We are beings of chaos.”
Cain patted his head.
“Before I say I am, there is an order that moves me. There is a special signal sent to us from the top of this head. An electric spark, perhaps a priori, what we call an impulse… …
There is a missing link.
“In the end, humans are just puppets of signals coming down from afar. even mind. That is, we cannot do something ourselves, and therefore we cannot change it.”
It was an evil conclusion to the Veron problem.
Sirone asked.
“Does the guilt go away if you come to that conclusion?”
“… … That’s always the problem.” Cain looked back at Lilith’s portrait.
“Melkidoo is a world based on the methodology of evil. So far, many sinners have gathered. Although I’m stuck here, I’ve heard many stories. However, whether they knew it or made a momentary mistake, what the guilty human being thinks in the end is the same. I wish I didn’t have to do that day… …
Because pleasure is fleeting.
“Of course, there are people who like this place and sit down. Those kinds of people attach special phrases to make Melkidu sacred, but… …
Cain looked at Curtis.
“Even if I don’t go to prison, even if the case is expunged, it doesn’t mean that what I did has gone away.”
Because there is no holy ground for the devil.
said Iruki.
“I have a question. According to Syrone, Lilith was supposed to have been killed by Adam, so how did the human lineage reach this point?”
“Because I’m not dead.”
Sirone said.
“Of course Lilith died, but the Mitochondrial Eve seed was still there.”
miracle.
No, maybe it’s a curse?
Quarreureung!
On that night of thunder and lightning, Adam visited the village to check on his family.
Heading to his wife’s house first, he heard screams in the noise of the heavy rain.
” what……?”
I turned around and arrived at Abel’s house, unexpectedly, and the smell of blood was strong.
When he opened the door, all he saw was Abel’s corpse and Lulu, who was in shock.
“ah??????
Luluwa regained her focus and said.
“dad.”
“What happened?”
Adam is also accustomed to death as a warring Gaian, but at least not in Eden.
“Ka-Kain older brother… …
Luluwa explained in a trembling voice.
When Adam learned the whole story, the murderous spirit of Gaia flashed terrifyingly in Adam’s eyes.
“Stupid.”
Adam said as he left the door.
“Don’t leave here tonight. When the day dawns, then go find the brothers.”
“Yes, got it.”
She and Lulu nodded, but her expression cooled as soon as Adam disappeared.
“… … What happened?”
She raised her hands and examined her body.
“why me?”
has it been released?
The moment I was shocked by Abel’s death, enormous memories rushed in as if my brain opened.
‘It’s my memory from a long time ago. Before giving birth to Luluwa. But my life with Lulu is also left in my mind.’
How much he loved Abel.
Thanks to this, he was able to fool Adam, but to be honest, he doubted his own identity.
‘Which one is Lulu with Lilith’s memories, or Lilith with Lulu’s memories?’
After thinking for a while, she got up.
“I am Eve.”
There is no such thing as identity.
It was the generic term for life itself, which lives for eternity, endlessly repeating generations.
‘Now what should I do?’ The day dawned while I was immersed in unanswered worries, but Adam did not return.
She went to Lilith’s house.
In the desolate silence, his own corpse with a broken neck lay on the ground, dripping with bodily fluids.
“haha.”
The reason why her husband killed her was probably not unrelated to Cain’s disappearance.
“Ahahaha! Ha ha ha ha ha!”
Tears ran down her cheeks.
“it’s over.”
Thus, the age of the Gaians in Eden had come to an end, but Eve’s life had now begun.
She crept in between her siblings.
Sometimes chastely, sometimes vigorously, he spread his descendants by acting out numerous personalities.
‘Let’s forget.’
No matter who Eve loves, it becomes an incestuous relationship, so it’s not love, it’s just a dirty desire.
‘I’m going to forget everything.’
As generations passed, her offspring changed into primitive forms with only animal desires left.
‘love me! more!’
Each time the taboo was broken, Ma became stronger
The daughters became the new Eve and spread throughout the world.
‘Pleasure! sense! Endless desire!’
Why is Mitochondrial Eve inherited only in females?
“Grrr! sniff! sniff!”
Because they are all Eve and… … .
“thus.”
Sirone said.
“Regardless of where it originated, all human beings born on this earth will become the children of Eve.”
Iruki let out a long breath.
‘Now, there have been so many mutations that even conducting an epidemiological investigation is meaningless… …
Conceptually, Eve is the mother of mankind.
“okay. In fact, what her mother dreamed of was a brilliant and beautiful love. However, since all human beings are children, all they can do is surrender themselves to pleasure. Then we met in the end. Sirone, you.”
Everyone turned to Sirone.
“Hexa, you have no cause. It means that you are the only one in humanity who is not Eve’s child. It’s contradictory like a virgin giving birth to a child, but it’s also a signal and proof sent by a god with a heart to this world. You are special to my mother.”
“So Uorin… …
The group realized
Why is the Empress of Kashan obsessed with Sirone, and why is Sirone avoiding her?
Sex Brain, said Adam.
“It’s still the same, those eyes.”
While Kido did not let go of his tension, Uorin fired at him with a ferocious expression.
“Don’t treat me badly.”
It faded from its primitive form, but as it evolved into humanity, memories from Eden were revived.
“You killed me. He said he saw me with a broken neck. With what kind of face did you appear in front of me? no.”
Uorin built arsenic.
“Actually, I don’t even have a face. What is the reason for living in such a pitiful way? With such a hideous appearance.”
Adam looked back at Kido.
“Is that goblin your lover now? Even now, tastes do not change.”
Uorin bared her teeth.
I am confident that I will not lose to anyone in the world, but the relationship between the couple was not easy.
“Don’t talk nonsense. I’m not the me you knew Do you know how many generations I have gone through?”
“Of course you know. Because I became like this and came back with you through the history of mankind.”
Adam gave up his body.
If Lilith lived a new life with Eve’s abilities, he imitated humans as an illusion.
They experienced the history of Eve as countless human beings, including men and women of all ages, politicians, doctors, and beggars.
“why’?”
Wu Lin asked.
“Why? Like me, you were disgusting. What do you care about what I do?”
“To take responsibility.”
When he left Eden, he was about to die.
“Lilith, you have done something irresponsible. That must be the evil you created. But I also couldn’t be free from that responsibility.”
Adam held out his hand.
“Come with me. The end of the world we made is coming. Shouldn’t we do something for humanity at least once’?”
“no.”
“If it’s because of Sirone, give up. he doesn’t come to you Because I know what you did.”
“Hong, it doesn’t matter. What do you think I’ve endured through these long, tedious years? Rather than using this body and abilities perfected over countless generations for you… …
Uorin hugged Kido’s arm.
“I’d rather dedicate it to this goblin. This is your final warning. Don’t appear in front of me again.”
“You have clear eyes.”
Adam looked back at Kido.
“Don’t love the release. That woman will suck everything out of you. She will dry up forever.”
“shut up.”
Kido held out the window.
“I don’t care what my ex-husband is. Because I love you. of course… … I am a goblin.”
The reason why she insisted on adding the second word was proof that she was conscious of her ex-husband.
‘shit! It can’t be helped!’
Because he was a man who had already won her heart a long time ago, which he could never have.
Adam laughed.
“Do you have the courage to say that even now when you see me? nice do not worry. Lilith won’t care one bit whether you’re a goblin or not.”
“what?”
Kiddo didn’t understand.
“you… …
Without avoiding Uorin’s gaze, which was full of death, Adam took a step back.
“Lilith, if you can’t live for humanity, leave with that goblin. The moment your entire history falls into the hands of Havitz, you commit another sin.” Even though he hated Adam, he knew the importance of words.
Gaia’s body disappeared and his gray matter brain floated and disappeared into the darkness.
“Whoa.”
Kido, relaxed, put his hand on Uorin’s shoulder.
“are you okay?”
“Don’t touch me.”
At the cold voice, Kido, who was lost in thought for a moment, slowly withdrew his hand and stepped back.
“sorry.”
Uorin was more offended by that.
“I don’t know what you’re thinking, but don’t pay attention to what Adam says. I have absolutely no intention of doing anything with the goblins.”
Kido nodded.
“know.”
Thirst surged again, but he accepted the huge lack with his whole body.
‘I love you. At least… … You don’t push away what I love.’
I don’t know Kido.
That his savagery and intellect reminded Uorin of a past he wanted to forget.
But also guessing.
‘There must have been a lot. I must have done something I didn’t want anyone to know about. It’s okay though.’
To Kido, Uorin was still the most beautiful and noble empress of Kashan in the world.
“Kid too.”
And the man the Empress loved…
“Take me to Sirone.”
A human who shines so brightly that he, a monster, would not even dare to compete.
“okay.”
Kido answered in a hushed voice and smiled.
“Let’s go, Sirone.”

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-1232.txt
=============YYYYY=============
Missing Link(4)
sanctuary.
The ladies-in-waiting who were walking down the corridors of the Delta Head Office turned pale when they saw a man.
“Kyaaak!”
Satan, Havitz, who is now frightened at the mere mention of his name, was sitting with his back against the wall.
He gave up the 9 o’clock time killing game.
‘It doesn’t matter now.’
It was that level of despondency that Sirone blocked the Wizard’s way at the 8 o’clock time.
It’s like a parent suddenly coming to a children’s playground like a fairy tale and pouring cold water on it.
‘Because Wizard’s parent is Sirone.’
Habitz tried to listen to the wizard’s heart with God’s frequency, but ultimately failed.
‘It’s not an easy opponent, even that child.’ Therefore, it is still uncertain whether the person the Wizard loves is Sirone or himself.
“Quack!”
You’re talking nonsense.
‘Can you not know? Of course I love Sirone. You can tell just by looking at what you do, right? I am being taken advantage of.’
but on the other hand.
‘You don’t know?’
Because I’ve never looked directly into her heart.
‘Maybe you love me. Maybe he was conscious of me and was deliberately being more friendly to Sirone.’
I know it’s not.
However, if I didn’t think so, I thought I would kill the Wizard right now… … .
‘Why doesn’t he like me?’ Havitz had no choice but to admit what he wanted to do with Wizard.
“female.”
Hearing the voice from the hallway, Harvitz turned his head and saw a familiar face.
“Valkan.”
His face was haggard, but his eyes were still alive.
Harvits looked straight ahead again.
“what’s the matter?”
“Your expression doesn’t make sense. Have you ever had a broken heart?”
“… … maybe.”
Vulcan sat down beside Havitz.
“I don’t think I will live long. I don’t even have the strength to walk anymore. Tomorrow, I will say goodbye to you too.”
“Right. bye.”
Harvits sighed nonchalantly.
It wasn’t that he was trying hard to treat her coldly, but it was like saying goodbye to a friend he meets and breaks up with every day.
“Cheuk, yes. How are you anyway? From what I’ve heard, it sounds like you have someone you like.”
“… … It’s not good.”
Because he was a taciturn friend, I could see how Havitz’s stomach was burning.
“why? Have you ever had a broken heart?”
“They seem interested in me and then suddenly turn cold.”
Vulcan looked at Havitz gently.
“well. you are a funny guy There are people who hate you, but no one finds you boring. If someone is bored with you… …
Blood dripped from Vulcan’s mouth.
“That is really boring. It means it’s not like you.”
Harvits blinked.
“You said, if you don’t define anything, you’ll get what you want in the end. Let’s run around freely. You decided to live your life doing whatever you want.”
that’s chaos
“okay.”
Harvits stood up.
“I will kill you all. Not just one person per hour, but everyone I see.”
It was because she was so conscious of the wizard that Sirone was able to dig into that gap.
Vulcan smiled.
“You are ready to defeat Yahweh.”
≪Eh ha
flaw*
“Try hard. We will move to kill you too. It will be pretty tough.”
“haha! Will it be so?”
Havitz aimed his longsword at Vulkan’s neck.
The two stared at each other silently and were also smiling happily.
“Goodbye, Vulcan.”
Kill everyone in sight.
As Havitz’s sword drew a quick yet smooth trajectory, Vulcan’s throat flew away.
Even with his head rolling on the floor, he calculated the odds of this gamble.
‘Geuk, this is fun.’
Havitz will not hesitate any longer, and will become a true demon and sweep through the temple.
“Havitz.”
A hoarse sound escaped from the Vulcan’s throat.
“Let’s sunset… …
Leaving that voice behind, Habitz strode away from the other side of the hallway.
Didn’t ask.
Vulcan’s will to comfort the heartbroken self even though he knew he was dying.
Was it friendship as a best friend, or was this also a high degree of calculation?
Harvitz didn’t ask.
Because that was the only joy that Havitz and Gustav 4th Art shared.
“I will kill them all.”
Ten minutes after he left the hallway, a cat-like gait approached Vulcan.
Natasha leaned her back against the wall and saw the body stretched out and the head further away.
Kneeling, she cradled the Vulcan’s head in her arms, smiling with a tear-stained expression on her mouth.
“… … too bad.”
And when I look up again
“Havitz.”
Her eyelidless eyes contained the deepest abyss in the world.
The temple was a mayhem.
“There have already been over 20 deaths. Habitz, it is believed to be the work of Satan.”
Havitz, who killed Balkan, slaughtered humans regardless of anything.
All the guards were mobilized, and the guards of each country were on the alert.
“huh?”
No one remembered Harvits.
“But why are we so busy? Who are you all gathering to stop?”
he didn’t know
He knew that Harvitz was approaching him as he cut the throats of his comrades one by one.
“Strange. what the hell… … The guard whose heart was pierced vomited blood.
said.
“Are you waking up?” As one person died every minute, the heads of the five departments of the temple held an emergency meeting.
“Havitz is running out of control.”
“What is Yahweh doing? Hasn’t he located Harvits by now?”
It takes time for Ultima to recharge because I have already activated Elikia in the Ivory Tower.
said Dorothy of the military department.
“Now we are aware of Havitz, but we don’t know when another vanishing will occur.”
“Why did you unlock your powers?” Mito Cyrano of the International Court of Justice said
“It may have the meaning of ridicule, but more than that, I think it stimulates our fear. To die without knowing it is actually not a good feeling.”
“Now is not the time to talk like everyone else. If something is not done, the vote will go unnoticed.”
The chairman was on Geese’s side, so he tried to get the vote going.
Constantine from the Ministry of Religion was the first to speak.
“How long will you depend on Yahweh?”
“The Pope.”
“The root cause of this situation is because of Yahweh. He provokes Satan in the name of saving mankind, and he is unable to come up with a solution.”
he got up
“I will no longer stand by the sidelines of Lamigyo.”
“Is there a way?”
“Come in.”
As soon as the pope’s words fell, the Paladins of the Anti-Magic Division of the Lamic Church attacked again.
‘Now he comes and goes like his own house.’ Legally, it could be a problem, but no one raised an objection to the situation in which Havitz ran amok.
“Yahweh pretends to be a god and misleads people. But God is not convinced. He himself is omniscient and omnipotent, so from now on I will prove that I am a god.”
Cyrano winked as a dazzling light spread from Constantine’s body.
‘It’s definitely a holy energy. Quite a few demons won’t even be able to dig a bone into it. but… …
She did not underestimate Yahweh’s power.
‘I don’t know what kind of ability it is, but once an hour, that Yahweh also destroyed Havitz’s banishing.’ What is the Pope thinking?
It was then.
“It’s a big deal!”
When an aide in charge of an executive role came in with a pale face, the chairman was annoyed.
“What a fuss! You know where this is!”
“Bar, outside… …
“Outside. Are you talking about the protesters?”
“Not at that level.”
The aide thought for a while whether to say this, but finally opened his mouth.
“It’s a riot.”
It was past 9:00 p.m., but the number of protesters in front of the Delta headquarters increased even more.
Opponents and supporters raised their voices with a gap that seemed never to close.
“Impeach Geese! Clarify the truth!”
“The King of Jive as the representative of the holy war! Let us make Jive a world leader!”
At that moment, a new flow began to flow through the two factions.
“My God Krea! Bend over us!”
The Anti-Magic Department, which had left to investigate the pyramids, was on its way back shouting prayers.
Their expressions were pious, but their eyes were weak, as if their souls had been lost.
‘Kill Maya.’
The procession of people advancing with only that mission carried the people as they were.
“What is this? Even if it’s a Lamy religion, driving out protesters like this… …
The words didn’t last long.
“Oh God.”
The eyes of the people near the Anti-Magic Department all at once lost their focus and turned in the same direction.
“Save us.”
The propagation speed of human beings was so fast that all the protesters lost their minds in an instant.
There was only one will in their hearts that achieved the unity of the law.
‘Kill Maya.’
It was God’s will.
With 30 minutes left until the finale, thousands of people began to pour into the Delta.
“damn! Why are those guys like that? As if hypnotized!”
The main gate guard commanded.
“Stop! Do not approach within a radius of 100 meters! Killing is permitted!”
He didn’t even feel the shame of killing civilians in front of a procession that rushed like an organism.
“rush!”
Troops clashed with protesters.
“… … Oh God.”
Soon, he became a person who lost his mind and turned back to the delta they had run to.
The captain of the guard realized the seriousness of the situation.
“Report to superiors.”
“yes!”
It didn’t look like it would be particularly sharp, but it was the best he could do.
“Keugh!”
The commander of the guard retreated his troops according to the speed of the slow-moving crowd.
‘I can’t fight. The moment you reach there… …
Death, that’s what it felt like.
“God commands.”
The anti-magic department at the forefront of controlling the people raised the sacred sword and raised its voice.
“Forward!”
“Oohhhh!” As the people rushed in with great shouts, the guards chief aimed his spear and closed his eyes tightly.
“Damn it!”
At that moment, dark-skinned warriors passed the guards at Delta’s headquarters.
It was southern, tribal confederation.
“Everyone keep your heart! It is to follow the will of Yahweh!”
When they collided with the Anti-Magic Club, a situation worthy of being called a battle developed for the first time.
The guard’s eyes widened.
‘Uh, how?’
Can his subordinates with strong convictions overcome the sudden change?
“Back off.”
Ntara, the chieftain of the south, approached with the royal guards.
” majesty.”
Ntara shook her hand.
“I am not the kind of person to be like that. I don’t even want to Get his men back in the barracks. We’ll take care of this.”
“I can’t! Breaking through this door is like dying for me.”
“You couldn’t even die?” I knew instinctively what it felt like.
“Listen to me. They’re here because they need something here. If we waste our energy here, it could be taken away at the crucial moment.”
“You mean stealing? Who the hell would do such a thing?”
” god.”
The guard’s expression darkened.
“A god with a mind and a god with a mind. And two beliefs following one of them. Got it? From now on, the battle that takes place here is not just a war.”
Euntara spat out.
“It is a temple.”

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-1233.txt
=============YYYYY=============
Definition of Love (1)
Geese opened his eyes wide.
“Ouch!”
The two arms of Fleur holding Gis moved like a machine by the power of the algorithm.
aww
His head turned completely, and Geese’s gaze was fixed on the guard outside the bed.
‘??????why?’
The 1.5th generation of mankind, highly political and intelligent enough to be used even by angels.
said Fleur.
“not there yet.”
However, it was ultimately for greater pleasure that promoted the development of reason.
Instinct still prevailed.
Geese pursed his lips as if he was trying to say something and wiggled his fingertips feebly.
However, in the end, his breath stopped, and at the same time, his kidney drew his sword and charged.
‘As expected, it’s fast.’
As the strongest swordsman group in Jive, neither conflict nor confusion was noticed.
It’s something to think about after killing the flue.
‘It’s over.’
In the face of their tremendous reaction speed, she realized that the mind and the body are far apart.
By the time the algorithm was just starting to activate, the blade was already very close.
and… … .
Something beyond everyone’s awareness began cutting through the kidneys from the front.
Fleur blinked.
‘What is it?’
this discomfort.
And the moment the longsword flew toward her throat, she suddenly realized.
‘This, that’s it! that!’
An existence that cannot be accurately defined, but has never been forgotten since entering the temple.
That thread of cognition triggered the algorithm, which ultimately saved Flew’s life.
“Huh!”
When the body, which received instructions from the brain, bent in an unexpected direction, the muscles screamed.
“Hoo?”
Harvitz released vanishing.
“Are you alive?”
Flew knelt down on one knee, clutching his sore side.
‘I have to run away.’
I lived with Xinjiang’s attack, but I wouldn’t even be able to activate it from the second burnishing.
“It’s unusual.”
Habitz activated God’s frequency.
“pass.”
“what?”
“Keep it alive for a while. I’m in the middle of laying the plate right now.”
The main game was after Urin acquired the ability to search history.
“More than that… …
Havitz climbed over the corpses and headed for the window.
“What is that again?”
In front of Delta’s main office, warriors and paladins from the south were fighting fiercely.
‘Kill Maya?’
That’s the only thing that can be captured by God’s frequency.
“haha.”
Flew trembled even in the midst of vigilance as life suddenly bloomed in Harvitz.
“It will be fun.”
the window opens
Flew forgot Havits again.
Pyramid of Truth.
The ruins of an ultra-ancient civilization in the Kingdom of Paras were emitting a strong magnetic field.
The concept of astronomy engraved on the inner wall was destroying time and space and overlapping numerous events.
“Keugh!”
Amy’s brother, Ares’s eyes were glowing as if they were on fire.
“Damn it… … Heung-an’s self-image memories endlessly look back, but the wave of phosphorus was strong.
‘no.’
regret and regret.
‘I had no choice but to do that.’
The causes of those regrets and lingering feelings were coming through Ares’ senses.
‘If it was then… …
The future can be changed in human waves.
“Big!”
However, Ares kept his will until the end and destroyed all the families.
“It is life.”
It’s all about taking full responsibility for yourself.
‘The moment I deny that, the moment I can’t take responsibility for myself, there is no life for humans.’
It is no different from the direct passage of planets, the fall of water droplets, or the wind blowing from one side to another.
“Aaaaaaa!”
Ares grabbed his head.
“Leave me alone!”
why wouldn’t you want to change?
If I knew it would be like this, if I knew there would be a better life, I would have been willing to do it.
“What are you saying!”
At the same time Ares screamed, a wave of phosphorus hit like a gale at the end of the passage.
“Uh uh uh… …
His eyes rolled upwards, and finally, the blinking of his red eyes began to slow.
‘it’s over.’
Rather than the fear of becoming an object, the joy of having the whole future exist for him came first.
“Hehehe.”
To be honest, it was a wonderful experience. The things that upset his parents, the first love he couldn’t confess due to lack of courage in his school days, and the loss of a precious colleague due to his mistake in judgment while exploring… … .
‘I can change it as much as I want.’
Trapped in a world where no lingering feelings or regrets exist, Ares shed tears.
You know.
‘I can’t escape this place.’
It is impossible to live in the world as a blind person who cannot see even one second ahead.
like that… … when you lose your mind
“Erga.”
The screams of the dead, which seemed to be heard faintly from afar, pierced Ares’ eardrums.
“Huh!”
At the same time, a thunderbolt struck him.
“Aaaaaaa!”
Even in the pain of burning his body, Ares intuited that it was not a fatal wound.
He looked up at the woman in front of him, hugging his still convulsive body.
“Zulu.” With her black nipples removed, her pitiful, indifferent face stared into the darkness.
“If it was a little late, it would have been irreversible.”
“Sheesh! who is what?”
Ares, regaining some strength, looked at the lich floating behind Zulu.
“Are you okay?”
“what?”
Zulu was still indifferent, but Ares, who had personally experienced the phosphorus wave, was suspicious.
“This pyramid is bizarre. It violates people’s minds. All history from the moment of birth until now is immersed in the realm of infinite time and space.”
Zulu was silent.
“Then why isn’t Mr. Zulu okay? Is there a way to avoid the phosphorus wave?”
“no. There is no such thing. Because the same thing is happening to me as well as you. Even at this moment… … There are countless futures unfolding before me.”
“then… …
Zulu turned and said.
“I have no affection.” Although he couldn’t understand exactly, Ares realized the moment he saw Zulu’s pupils.
‘This person could be… … It’s already a seal.’
I didn’t feel anything.
Zulu said.
“I don’t know any regrets, regrets, remorse, thoughts of wanting to change the future, or longing for the past. I must have already died when I killed Erga.”
“It is not so.”
Her words were sad, so I denied it at first, but it wasn’t that there was no psychological basis at all.
“Mr. Zulu fought for humanity. Even now, I came here to help Sirone. I don’t think there is anything left of such a person.”
“It doesn’t mean there are no feelings. It also means no thoughts. But the essence of it all is love. As you say… … Humans are also moving, so are they alive?”
“That, that… …
“The basis of life is love. Because at least I am alive because I love myself. If you raise that philosophy to the entire universe, you will become Yahweh.”
“Is that why you are helping Sirone?”
“no.”
Zulu shook her head.
“I have no affection for anything. myself too. If you love someone, that person has life. will stay in your memory forever On the contrary, if you cannot remember the countless people you have met so far, no matter how hard you try, then they are dead.”
The time that has passed is stored in memory.
Whether it actually existed or not, we are just building memories.
Ares thought.
‘Is it like that?’
Losing one’s heart in human waves is probably because affection disappears in any life.
Suddenly, Zulu lifted her top to just below her chest.
“Ugh!”
Ares, who tried to turn his head in embarrassment, found a creature attached to Zulu’s belly.
“what is that?”
“Sturgeon Amoros. He is my summoner.” It was a multi-layered creature with a long snake-like tail wrapped around the Zulu’s waist.
The location of the creature’s head was determined by the blood flowing from Zulu’s navel.
“What are you doing?”
“Amoros injects poison into the organs of creatures. In the process of making the poison, an unusual chemical substance is released. I’ll give it to you. Drink it. I’ll be able to hold out for a while.”
“But then Mr. Zulu… …
“It’s okay, because I’m used to it. Amoros only lives inside the pyramid, so it’s impossible to summon it from outside. What a strange thing. This creature hasn’t evolved in a very long time. Perhaps from the time of the ancient pyramids until now.”
Zulu grabbed Amoros by the tail and pulled it out, revealing a much longer torso than expected.
“Ugh!”
Zulu put his thumb down Amoros’ snout and tipped it into the other hand as if he were pouring tea.
Light green slime began to drip.
“ruler.”
Once it was said to be good, I would eat it, but it didn’t look good.
“Hey, how… …
“Lick it with your tongue.”
“Ah yes.”
The moment I ate it, I felt the toxin so much that my nose felt cold, but my mind began to calm down soon.
“Oh, what is this?”
Her red eyes flashed as she analyzed the changes in her body.
‘tremendous. I can’t even analyze the ingredients, but this is a revolution. But how… … ?’
Zulu said.
“A long time ago, the ruins of this super-ancient civilization would not have been so unknown. A lot of people have found this place, and they must have understood something and left.”
The numerous replicas of the pyramids built in the kingdom of Paras were proof of that.
“It is estimated that Amoros was a species that inhabited the pyramids at the time. It must have been that he was equipped with this ability in an environment where the human wave or the law changes. No evolution since then…
It must mean that we have adapted to the changes of time and space.
“let’s go. Amoros’ bodily fluids must be fed to others as well. You won’t make much of it.”
Zulu’s face was pale.
“Next time, stick Amoros on me. Perhaps in ancient times, certain sacrifices were made to obtain this liquid.”
Zulu shook her head.
“I have tried, but to no avail. Growing up in the pyramids gave me an ancient constitution. Only I can handle Amoros.”
Ares couldn’t understand.
“Why do you do this? It is a beetle that kills life no matter how much its constitution changes. You won’t be able to stand it.”
“… … I guess so.”
Zulu readily admitted.
“are you okay. ‘Cause I don’t remember myself It doesn’t matter what happens.”
“Where is that word!”
It was believed that the act of sacrificing one’s body to save others, with or without affection, was altruistic.
“Come here. I will start with treatment first.” After rummaging through his bag, Ares applied medicine to his Zulu’s belly and bandaged his narrow waist.
“I stopped the bleeding, so don’t overdo it for a while.”
“okay.”
Zulu, who had been waiting without any special inspiration, turned around and headed for darkness.
Ares called.
“Wait.”
And just as Zulu turned around, he suddenly approached and kissed her on the mouth.
‘Don’t make a mistake twice.’
What I learned from the phosphorus wave is that it is better to do it than to hesitate.
But Zulu stood like a doll, not even breathing.
Ares, who had a tantrum, held out for a few more seconds, but in the end, his face couldn’t stand it and he retreated.
Zulu said.
“let’s go.”
“Hey, I just kissed you. A slap in the face, or shouldn’t there be something to say?”
“I don’t remember.”
Because her heart is empty.
Ares watched with sad eyes as Zulu disappeared into the darkness.

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-1234.txt
=============YYYYY=============
Definition of Love (2)
“majesty.”
Areon’s corpse has arrived in Micas Kingdom.
The prince’s arms and legs, Fisk, were nowhere to be seen, and only the body of his cold son returned.
“Huh?”???
Delkido, the king of Mikas who rose from the throne, struggled to move his weak legs.
“uh?”
When Areon’s pale face was revealed, the servants sat down and the maids’ cries were heard.
The brothers were calm.
‘You’ve always been arrogant. It turns out like this in the end.’
There is no way to know what they are thinking, but the father’s feelings after witnessing the death of his eldest son were different.
“Uh uh uh uh… …
In the end, Delkido, who forgot the king’s body language and knelt down, hugged Areon’s corpse and raised his head.
“Oooh!”
Was it a bitter cry?
“Oooh!”
Or was it extreme anger against someone who stabbed the vital point of Micas Kingdom?
“Catch it.”
Delkido’s face contorted like a demon.
“Catch them all.”
Everyone in the Grand Hall bowed their heads in unison and shouted in unison.
“yes!”
The kingdom began to move.
Shirone, who was dreaming of Yorahan, had an intuition even though she was unconscious.
What I wanted to convey through a person’s whole life was for this moment.
‘The first yora.’
The one who realized love in the original sin of eating and breeding.
And with that one definition, the end of the person who became the god of Yogurism in a human body… … .
‘I have to watch.’
this is the story.
“Armand!”
It is the story of a tragic love between a man and a woman, which had to be erased from Omega’s records.
“Yorahan!”
As the armed forces galloped through the burning woods, the two held out their hands to each other.
“Hey! What!”
However, as the Micas cavalry split into two, their eyes gradually drifted apart.
‘damn!’
King Delkido sent all of Micas’ forces to catch the man who killed his son.
It is unknown whether she loved her son so deeply that she even gave up on the war of conquest.
Perhaps so, but his maniacal obsession with revenge showed the damaged pride of the emperor.
After being tied up and thrown into a mobile prison, Yorahan crawled out with her chest and looked outside.
The Hwajok’s base, which had already been moved several times, was turning into ashes again.
‘ why… …
Are humans obsessive about this?
The King of Mikas inflicted all imaginable pain on Jorahhan and the Hwajok party.
Johann was placed in solitary confinement.
With all the tendons in his limbs severed, he had to hear screams from outside every day.
“why… … ?”
Tears flowed.
‘How can you be so cruel? How could he do such a terrible thing to another being?’
Of course, pulling out other people’s nails doesn’t mean your own nails will hurt… … .
Can you also imagine?
‘You can’t know the truth of others. That’s why human beings are trapped in the existence of only me… …
You can only promote yourself.
While imprisoned, Yorahhan thought about the selfishness of being a me.
‘me. love escapes me… … I gave up on the idea of changing the world, but I couldn’t change it anymore, but it was the only thing I could do when the tendons in my limbs were severed.
Then one day, the door to the solitary cell opened and the king of Mikas appeared after a long time.
“A poisonous fellow.”
Delkido’s skinny eyes were glistening with muddy madness.
“Are you still not crazy after hearing the fire tribe being beaten? Well, it’s fine with me anyway.”
He pulled the whip tight.
“Do you know why I, who cut off your limbs, left your eyes, ears, and mouth? It means to cry miserably in despair that no one can save. Feel even one ten thousandth of my heart.” A scream erupted from the hallway.
There was no expectation that everyone would be safe, and I just wanted to die comfortably.
“Isn’t this enough for one man’s revenge? Your son also killed the fire people.”
“Aaaaaaa!”
Delkido swung the whip
“How dare someone like you judge my son? He was a country’s prince! It’s nothing compared to the lives of the Hwajok!”
It was impossible to stop or avoid it, but Yorahhan looked straight into his eyes.
“There is no status announcement in life. Your heart and loved ones who have lost a family member will feel the same. How is it that their hearts do not think?”
“why me!”
Delkido threw away the whip and kicked Jorahhan.
“My son is dead! What’s the use of that! My son is dead! my son!”
me, me, me
After all, can humans not get out of there?
When there was no response from Yorahan, Delkido breathed heavily and stared at it for a while.
“red.”
I would do anything to bring this abomination to despair.
“I will remain calm until the end. The couple are the same. OK, I’ll show you myself.”
When Delkido gave the order, a cart carrying a large potted plant entered the solitary cell.
“uh… …
Johann’s expression went blank.
What was planted in the pot was not a flower, but a flower family, Armand, which he loved the most.
“How is it, do you like it? Did you say bonsai? I cut things off and stiffened my joints so I couldn’t move. It is the most beautiful flower in the world.”
You treat people like plants.
“Jorahhan.”
When Armand saw her husband’s face, a happy smile appeared on her lips, but soon it turned into sad eyes.
‘I can’t believe my body hurts like that.’
We could know each other’s hearts just by looking at each other without having to do small world creation.
Johann asked.
” are you okay?”
“huh.”
Armand nodded vigorously.
The only way to defeat Delkido was to actively seek death.
“But I’m getting tired of it.”
Delkido took out the huge pruning shears from the side of the cart.
“I need to change something.”
Before Jorahhan could even open her mouth, Delkido cut the human body with scissors.
“how is it? Isn’t it cool?”
Jorahhan, unable to do anything, had a fundamental question.
‘Where did it go wrong?’ If he hadn’t killed Areon, wouldn’t this tragedy have happened to the fire people?
‘it is not so. I’m protecting my family It was unavoidable then.’
Again… … is it me
‘It’s a fate that even I can’t abandon myself. But nothing changes in this way. In order to break the cycle of endless pain… …
At that moment, as Yo Ra-han’s thoughts expanded at the speed of light, he escaped from me and embraced the entire human race.
“iced coffee.”
Tears flowed down Yorahhan’s cheeks.
‘I see.’
Love is… … .
“Huh! Whoa!”
Hearing Yorahhan crying, Delkido turned around with a mean laugh.
“haha! how is it? Now, even if it’s just a little bit of gold in my heart… …
The king was stiff.
It was because the corner of Yo Rahan’s mouth, who was crying with a frown on his face, was raised.
“Are you crazy?”
“Armand.”
said Johann.
“Forgive me.”
Armand opened his eyes wide with a surprised look, and Delkido questioned again, doubting his ears.
“??????what?”
“Forgive everything, the world. it ends here we… … I’m going to finish it.”
Armand, who had been savoring Yorahhan’s words for a while, said with a sad smile.
“I see.”
It’s finally ready.
“What crazy talk!”
In displeasure, Delkido whipped the whip, but his chin trembled.
‘What are you afraid of? Within
go?’
It was because Yorahhan’s expression, his evil instinct, foretold something to come.
“haha.”
Johann laughed.
“Ha ha ha ha ha! Ha ha ha ha ha!”
Delkido backed away because his laugh was too refreshing and refreshing to be called crazy.
“What are you? What are you going to do?”
“this??????
Jorahhan, who stopped laughing, spat out calmly.
“Is this too pretentious?”
Delkido shouted.
“Kill! Kill this guy!”
“therefore… …
Yohann gently closed his eyes.
‘ really.’
With blind sincerity, without a single lie or gap.
“Let’s really forgive.”
When he opened his eyes again, Yo Ra-han’s expression had changed to the extreme of joy that humans could not create.
Hwahwahwahwahwahwahwahwa!
It is the shape in which the facial muscles are completely twisted to burst out with the happiest smile.
“That, stop.”
It was the realization of the concept of love. Hwahwahwahwahwahwahwahwa!
“Aaaaaaa!”
What was he afraid of, Delkido covered his ears and cried out on the floor.
“please! sorry! Wrong! my please… …
At that moment, as if in shock, Delkido’s back stretched out, and flashes of light emanated from his eyes, nose, and mouth.
“Ohhhh!”
Starting with him, light emanated from the eyes, noses, and mouths of the guards in the solitary confinement.
“Aww! No, no!”
is being purified.
The extreme emotion becomes a demon, but the extreme elation goes over to Dremo and becomes an ideal.
Hwahwahwahwahwahwahwahwa!
Tears of blood flowed from Yorahan’s eyes as she smiled with a happy expression.
‘What is love?’
The five organs were twisted, blood was pouring from the orifices throughout the body, and the intestines were cut open.
‘this… …
It is love.
It is high-intensity self-sacrifice and transcendent madness that endures while embracing everything.
“Jorahhan.”
Unlike those who struggled in fear, Armand waited with a sad smile.
“hi.”
Then, through Dremo, Yorahhan’s feelings rushed to her as well.
A heart that forgives everything.
That feeling was possessed by all the fire tribes, and finally by the people of the Micas kingdom.
“Oooh!”
When the concentric circles of light gradually growing around the prison swallowed the entire kingdom.
“Lover!”
The Drimo system is paralyzed.
“It’s a big deal! I can’t handle this dream. If we continue like this, all mankind 7}……
They would be united by love.
“Hmm.”
Louver was also watching.
The jumbled dream world made up of all kinds of thoughts was swept away by a gigantic flash.
I had to make a choice.
“Follow me. I do not have time.” Louver and Mong-ah broke through the waves of light and entered Jorahhan’s mind. Next to his smiling incarnation was Armand.
‘Small world creation.’
Louver, who arrived at the place where two dreams merged into one, approached Yorahhan.
“You did what no human could do.” Are you really forgiving?
“But stop now. If you keep going like this, everyone who approaches you will dream of you.”
Armand said.
“There is only one thing left for Jorahhan. You cannot hear me.”
“But you can. Because you are Yorahhan, and Yorahhan is you.”
“… … Why? If you are like God, please answer our question. Johann forgave the world. Now everyone will be living in Yorahhan’s dream. No pain, no despair. Isn’t that what happened?”
“But it’s not everyone’s life. It’s the life of Jorah Han. Do you really want Johann to come?”
Armand struggled to hold back his tears.
“Why does Jorah always have to make sacrifices? Please leave this person alone. till now… …
“All right.”
Armand turned his head at Yorahhan’s voice.
“you… …
A holy light was shining from Jorahhan’s face, who returned with a calm expression.
“You are right. I can’t stop everyone’s dreams with my dreams. I will quit now.”
Armand shook his head.
“no! You finally made your dream come true. If I give up even that, I… I…
In reality, her husband would have already died.
“Instead, there are conditions.”
said Johann.
“If someone… …
After thinking for a moment, he smiled.
“If there is anyone who thinks like me, tell him of my life.”
It was the beginning of a dream of victory.

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-1235.txt
=============YYYYY=============
Definition of Love (3)
“Passing on the dream.”
Louver was deep in thought.
‘Systemically, it’s possible. However, it goes against the manager’s duty rules.’
Drimo is not exclusive to a specific race.
It was a space that processed the ideals of all dreamers, from the most basic creatures to the advanced creatures.
‘Above all, Terra Force.’
Currently, they are also constantly demanding channels that can influence mankind.
‘If you allow the Dream, you must also allow the Terra Force channel. Of course, both have their own good reasons… …
Creating a precedent meant that the operation of Drimo would become a little tighter.
Mong-a bit her lip and called.
“Mr Louver.”
Soon, at the point where Yorahhan’s dreams fill Dremo, there is no choice.
“Okay.”
Louver nodded.
“Your dreams will not be processed in Drimo, but will be manifested and handed down in the dreams of others in the future.”
“thank you.”
Yo Ra-han’s smile was so benevolent that even Louver ended up sighing.
“Then let’s save your dreams to the database. Before that, give me a name for the dream.”
“name… … yo. this’?”
“You won’t understand it in your time. Choosing a name is the most important thing in the universe.”
At one time, even Sirone did not understand.
However, through the journey so far, I could now vaguely guess.
‘Why choosing a name is important.’
Because this universe we live in is a database that God calculates and processes.
And if the name so defined is connected to Idea through a missing link.
‘Only those with names transcend classification.’
To become something special among countless creatures that can affect everything in the universe.
“It’s a name.”
Johann thought for a moment.
“Jorahhan and Armand.”
And I looked up and told Louver
all.
“I will call him Yor.”
“Okay.”
Whatever the reason for the name, what really matters is the life the name has to go through.
“In the future, many people will dream of you. It will be passed on endlessly through generations. Maybe it could be religion. You will become the god of the religion of Yor.”
“… … okay.”
He did what he desperately wanted to do in his lifetime, but he still had a calm expression on his face.
Then Armand said.
“I have conditions too.”
Louver frowned, but couldn’t deny that the two were already one.
“Tell me.”
“I want to keep my husband’s dream. Please send it to the present room.”
“But you already… …
“There is no need for life. I’m a Hwajok. Even if it becomes an object, I can be satisfied as long as I can see Jorah Han’s dream come true.”
“Hmm.”
Louver knew how.
‘You can take it out as an object. But the government office won’t allow it.
Finally, with my instructions… …
The Drimo started shaking.
“Okay. You will become an object with a special concept and go out into reality. What do you want to be?”
“knife.”
Armand did not hesitate.
“A sword would be nice.”
“… … I approve.”
Jorahhan and Armand looked back at each other.
It’s goodbye forever, but their hearts will connect with someone else’s heart and stretch out.
“love you.”
The two kissed, and it
Finally, the incarnation of Jorahhan disappeared.
Mong-ah looked back at Louver.
” Would it be okay?”
“Because they define it.”
He looked at Drimo, who had regained stability before he knew it.
“Destruction averted.”
Armand regained consciousness.
‘Here?’
It has no eyes, nose, or ears, but information about the space came in through the feeling of small world creation.
prison.
The king and guards of Mikas were down, and I could feel Jorahhan on the wall.
4 notes.’
The sword wobbled because she had no legs, but she soon learned how to use herself.
‘Because it always resonated with the sword.’
With rated control, wealthy Armand flew to the wall where Yo Rahan died and leaned side by side.
‘ honey.’
Perhaps because he had forgiven everything, he had the happiest expression on his face.
‘A very nice person.’
I hated humans at one time, and I can’t say I like it now… … .
‘I’m glad I met you.’
I would not trade the time I loved with Jorahhan for anything.
An illusion of Armand was born around the magic sword and embraced Jorahhan’s body.
‘You’re so kind, and you’re so soft-hearted, so you always get hurt by people.’
I just wanted everyone to be happy.
‘I will protect you.’
The blade of the magic sword opened like the leg of a jointed insect and swallowed Yorahhan’s body.
‘Become a hard shell more than anything else so that no one can hurt your heart… …
Jorahhan wearing the armor stood up.
“I will protect you.”
The Golden Armed Forces.
The voice was Yorahhan’s, but it was Armand who moved his vocal chords.
“let’s go.”
Find the dreamer of Yorahan.
Demon of Flame.
Lethe roared at the incarnation of Jecheon Daeseong, who threw a flash from the sky.
“Kuaaa!”
Once again, Lethe’s body was pierced, and hellfire from all directions flew in and repaired the hole.
“Big!”
At that point, she realized.
‘I can’t go.’
There was no way to get to Yahweh.
‘no.’
She is also a manager, so she has no special feelings for this world.
‘But I… …
The only thing different from other managers.
‘I have to protect the world behind it.’
Lethe, who had recovered her body from hell fire, poured out flames toward the ground this time.
“Whoaaaaa!”
The thick flames, which lasted about three minutes, spread several kilometers in concentric circles.
“Kurrrr……
When the flames disappeared, Sohn Yu-jeong stood on the ground with Yeoui at the forefront.
‘strong.’
It was undoubtedly Jecheondaesung.
‘I don’t have time anymore.’
Thinking so, Lethe’s body gradually shrunk and returned as the president of the chemical company.
Son Yoo-jung gave her a nyeoui.
“Have you given up?”
“There is no point in fighting like this. Time is running out now. We have to choose.”
“what?”
“Whether or not Ultima is possible.”
Son Yu-jung, who was lost in thought for a moment, aimed at Yeo-ui.
“Chief of the Demon Tribe, your evil deeds have gone too far. Come on. I don’t want to get rid of a resigned opponent.”
“I will not die.”
Lethe smiled bitterly.
“Employees at the chemical company don’t get off work. Until this world closes. But would you know? It also means the end of the real world.” Richera’s face clinging to Son Yoo-jung’s waist shouted.
“What are you doing? Kill them quickly! Without that woman, I wouldn’t have to live like this!”
“You be quiet.”
After releasing the chains on her waist, Son Yu-jeong entrusted Richera to Morta Singer and approached Lette.
“Is this a threat? But I don’t compromise Because my rightness will not change.”
Lethe’s eyes narrowed in sorrow.
“Your rightness and my wrongness, in the end, happen because someone defined them. If integration is what you guys really want, this won’t help.”
“I don’t know the hard words. I am different from Yahweh. If you want to convince me, you will have to defeat me.”
At that moment, a light came into Lethe’s eyes.
Son Yu-jeong stopped approaching and was wary, but Lethe stayed that way for a long time.
‘Can not help it.’
Because protecting the world where the demons live was more important than the manager’s responsibility.
“I am?… ”
For the first time, she began to speak confidential managerial information.
“The mind program.”
Son Yoo-jung was just listening.
“The universe is made up of five systems. Reality, Dremo, the underworld, the abyss, and the undercoder that connects these four systems. Except for the undercoder, everyone has more or less custodians, but only me works with quantum signals.”
It is called hidden code.
“My name is Lethe of Oblivion. He is the only being who can manage the demons. As long as I don’t infringe on the administrator’s authority, I’m supposed to be oblivious to any crime I commit. A thousand times, ten thousand times, giving it a chance.”
Just like he did to Chief Secretary Monoras.
“If it wasn’t for that kind of program, the chaos of demons who don’t know where to go would be recognized as an error. Therefore, unlike other managers, I can change the standard and I am designed to actively deal with chaotic situations.”
Son Yoo-jung does not know difficult words.
However, my intuition is that perhaps this information is the most important problem in the universe.
‘I don’t know. Why is this important? If Sirone were here… …
Would he have reacted differently than he did?
Lethe continued.
“And now, with you overpowering me, my mind program has changed. I want to protect the world where demons live. That’s the same logic that Yahweh wants to protect the real world. But the universe will close at this rate.”
If the perspectives of good and evil were reversed, Lethe would fight for the same reasons as Sirone.
Mortasinger said.
“Yoojung-ah, you can’t believe it. She is the woman who has tricked us countless times and brought things to this point. You can lie because you can change the standard.”
“okay.”
Son Yu-jeong was once at the height of chaos. But also the reason why she was able to reach the incarnation of Jecheon Daeseong now…
‘Because I have a heart.’
Lethe said.
“Yahweh understood both good and evil, but in the end he could not embrace evil. He dried himself up.”
The cohesion of the demon is the catacombs of giyorgi
“As a manager, I am certain that I will never reach Ultima at this rate. I will help Yahweh. If you let me go, you can prevent the end of the world.”
Son Yoo-jung gritted it.
“why? You hate Yahweh, don’t you?”
“okay. Every manager just does his job according to his program. I also hate Yahweh. But would you know? That’s why Lethe touched her chest.
“Only I can love Yahweh.”
Perhaps this is the key, Son Yoo-jung accepted with an animalistic sense.
Yoojung Son asked.
“The end of the world… … How many hours do you have left?”
“2 hours.”
It was midnight, 12 o’clock in the temple.
“You have already distanced yourself from Yahweh. Considering the time I go, 10 minutes is the limit.”
Lethe spread her hands.
“Decide in it. Whether to send me to Yahweh or to keep me here.”
only 600 seconds.
It was an extremely short time to risk the fate of mankind, but in the end it was such a world.
Sohn Yu-jeong endlessly repeated the judgment of whether or not it was possible.
“Huh.”
Her hair, which fell like a wild horse’s rake, gradually turned white.
“Yoo, Yoo Jung.”
Mortasinger called out anxiously, but there was nothing she could say either.
Because we can never know the truth of others.
‘Should I trust Lethe?’
Son Yoo-jeong shook her head.
‘No, you can’t trust anyone. Only I, I have to save myself.’
Suddenly, I had this thought.
The unknown truth… … Maybe it’s the most terrible thing in the world.

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-1236.txt
=============YYYYY=============
Definition of Love (4)
Ethella walked endlessly.
“mom mom.”
The children of Limbo, who had died without being born, were now a space.
“sorry.”
Because the fear Limbo feels is the same as the fear of the child in his belly.
“I’m sorry mom.”
Ethella’s heart was about to break.
Perhaps her body was torn to pieces, but the schema delivered endless pain.
Just as the Buddha offered himself to the ghosts, she also moved toward the end of the system.
‘If you go there… …
She, as well as the child in her belly and Limbo, disappear into the world of eternal nothingness.
‘Chagall.’
he was worried
‘You must understand me.’
Perhaps that is the only way Chagall can atone for the world.
“mom… … mind… …
One step is heavy.
Instead of moving forward, I felt like I was carrying this space, the weight of my life.
‘I can’t fall down.’
The mission to purify Limbo was not broken, but it was true that it was impossible.
“Huh!”
Her knees bent before the weight of life, which she could not move on no matter how hard she tried.
‘Is this enough?’
The reason this world is cruel is probably because there are things that cannot be achieved even if you give your life.
‘I have to go. You have to save these children… …
Therefore, responsibility is the heaviest burden and the most beautiful conviction for human beings.
“mom mom.”
I was saying that I want to live.
“You have to stand up!”
At that moment, an auditory hallucination occurred in her mind.
?Ah, checking.
‘what?’
Ethella, who had a blank expression for a moment, asked.
“who… … See?”
– Succeeded in etheric resonance. Now… … . Ah, Your Highness. Back off everyone.
‘what’s this?’
The sound of reality in Hell was eerie.
-Romi Ethella.
Following the cold, solemn voice, a woman started interpreting a moment ago.
The voices of Jingang and Anchal came almost simultaneously.
-I am Jin Kang, the emperor of the Jincheon Empire. Maybe that place is hell. where my daughter is
‘Jinjiang.’
Jin Seong-eum’s father.
– Not conveying anything would be considerate of you in hell. But again, out of my own selfishness, I speak cruel words.
“Your Highness, can you hear me?” Seeing that there was no meaningful response, it seemed that Etella’s words were not being conveyed.
‘etheric resonance:
It must have been a method of loading information into spatial waves.
– Save my daughter.
With her thoughts in order, she remained silent and listened to Jin Kang’s words.
– You have developed a perm mineral that can transmit information to the space of the underworld. You are an excellent monk and wizard, so you must have guessed your principle. The problem is coordinates. In the first place, I was going to condense her energy into my daughter and blow up hell… … .
‘It’s a great tenacity, this person too.’ It was a sense of responsibility.
-We made the final decision to send energy to you by changing the coordinates.
Ethella nodded.
‘It’s possible. I’m in the process An explosion would not only save Limbo, but would also paralyze the world’s purification system. so be it
noodle… …
The karma of true voice will also disappear.
– I don’t know.
After the miscellaneous explanation, Jin Kang spoke.
-What situation are you in? Of course, it will be painful, but if the energy of the pama mineral nature is condensed, even greater pain will come. Is this really the right thing to do? I would rather pray for your rest, even if it means killing my daughter… … .
“no! no!”
Ethella shook her head.
‘You can save it! I can save the true voice!’
Of course it’s scary.
But in the Valley of Wailing, I saw what kind of sacrifice Jin Seong-eum made for mankind.
‘You have to live. That person… … I deserve it.’
– It’s a terrible thing to inflict pain on someone you can’t see or feel. In particular, to drive you, who gave your life for humanity, into pain… … It feels like I’ve become a demon.
“majesty!”
The moment Etela shouted, Jin Kang’s voice trembled.
– Save me.
Ethella kept her mouth shut.
-Please spare my daughter. If I’m going to die, I’d rather go to hell… … .
Jinjiang is willing to do it.
Parents’ desire to save their children is something that cannot be achieved even if they sacrifice their lives.
‘responsibility.’
You can’t even die at will.
– Romi Etella, I do not know how you will react to my words now. Maybe you can curse me, maybe you can scream no way. Though that kind of imagination drives me to a more terrible place… … .
Jin Kang took a deep breath.
– I will believe. Romi Etella is the world’s greatest seeker, a man willing to make sacrifices for humanity, I would believe.
Ethella smiled and nodded.
-… … good luck
With that, I could no longer hear my voice, and then a hot energy surged through my whole body.
‘It’s the beginning.’
Ethella gritted her teeth and stood up.
To maximize the efficiency of perm mineralization, it would have to burst at the deepest part of the system.
“you can do it.”
I can take responsibility for this life.
‘Jin Seong-eum, humanity still needs you.’
Pain surged.
“no!”
Chagall screamed.
Almost mad, he was running limbs like a dog.
“Aaaaaaa!”
As Etela’s pain surged through the chains of Taegeuk, he knelt down and opened his eyes.
-Time remaining until purification… …
It was more than half the time since I first came here, but it was still an eternity.
“Why did you do such a stupid thing! If you leave like that, if you disappear like that… …
I mean I have to meet you
The great heartache flooded in, and again the karma was greatly purified.
Chagall suddenly realized.
“shit! Shit!”
The fact that this pain he is experiencing now, this sense of hopelessness, is the same as the one he gave to Etella.
‘I bullied you. i so… … he destroyed her
‘Up?’
Chagall, who had wiped away tears, tore his hair.
“… … What do we do?”
Did I really screw it up?
“What do we do? What do we do? What do we do? what to do… …
can’t be held responsible
“no!”
Denying that fact, Chagall shouted.
“Why are you doing this to me! What do you mean to me! You can just come back!”
There are things that cannot be achieved.
“kill!”
It felt like Etella and herself would become nothing without this middle brother.
“I will kill you! I will kill you!” Chagall threw the body suffered by the demons into hell.
Dang. Dang. Dang.
At ten o’clock the temple bell rang.
The faces of the representatives and officials of each country who had already gathered at the annex theater from 30 minutes ago were spleen.
After the finale performance, the temple
Although the official event will come to an end.
‘What’s going on?’
The situation was so fierce and tense that it did not seem like it was over.
‘The country that killed Maya becomes the world’s leading country? What prophecy is this? Can I trust you?’
It was a conclusion based on the results of analyzing the information Fermi delivered to each country.
the albino murmured.
“It’s going to rain again.”
Rufist asked.
“Is it really so? The source is Apocalypse, but it may have been fabricated.”
“Fermi doesn’t tell half-baked lies. Because lies give birth to lies, and eventually self-destruct. The reason he is strong is because he is armed with logic.”
Albino recited the records of Apocalypse.
“At the end of the temple, two women sing. Her applause falls upon her Maya, and her Iron’s army kills her. Iron becomes a world leader.”
“It’s not Jive, it’s Iron.”
Rufist checked the seat.
“There is no gas.”
“It would mean that the flue was successful. It seems that other countries are not greatly agitated. Anyway, things are going according to Fermi’s information.”
“But what does killing Maya have to do with the World Map?”
“I don’t know. It feels like Apocalypse’s information only recorded the results of key events in chronological order. like… … It feels like there are fewer machines, not people’?”
Only man needs a cause.
“Anyway, I have my doubts. Will Maya die? Don’t the artists know?”
“yes. It is confidential.”
“What about us?”
“first… … I have prepared it.”
If the information is true, the country that kills Maya should be Tormia.
“Ogent rye?”
“no. Among the towing family is a pianist named Raina. It’s something she can’t commit to.”
“I guess so.”
“It will be difficult to implement anyway. If Fermi knows, it means Sirone knows too.”
“I didn’t see it.”
When Sirone was nowhere to be seen, the albino twisted his beard.
‘What the hell are these tricks?’ It can be assumed that the reason Fermi disclosed the information was because security was breached.
‘Maybe it’s Iron. Otherwise, there is no reason to significantly reduce the value of information.’
Whether the following is true.
‘The timeline fits. Something that left an hour gap in Harvits’ killing game. Geese’s death… … :
So, will Maya die?
‘Sirone is not coming. Is it really false information? no, this is true I’m just missing something:
The albino’s expression hardened.
“Shouldn’t I be thinking the other way around?”
“yes?”
“Isn’t it not that we are going to kill Maya, but that we have no choice but to kill Maya?”
Rufist blinked.
“This is an information update trap. Human thinking proceeds from cause to effect. If you kill Maya, you become the world map country. But from God’s point of view, it’s rather the opposite. It doesn’t matter who the world map country is. The important thing is that Maya die.”
“But how is that possible? What will happen to us to kill Maya?”
“It will be at that point.”
The albino stared at the door of the annex.
“Sirone.”
The entrance to the Delta Headquarters was a mess due to clashes between protesters, the anti-horse department, and southern warriors.
“Hmm.”
Ntara felt that the balance of power, which had the upper hand, suddenly tilted.
‘Something is familiar.’
The feeling of something roaming among the warriors being decapitated for no reason.
‘And it’s getting closer.’
Havitz, eyes glistening with life, killed the warriors and headed towards Ntara.
“leaving out. leaving out. leaving out.”
The wave of phosphorus also affected him, but no special change occurred.
“Fun.”
Anyway, there was chaos in his mind.
“It ends here too.”
Havitz, who arrived in front of Ntara, did not move with his long sword held up.
If the South falls, the protesters will enter the Delta headquarters and take over the world.
Irrespective of the situation, Havitz slowly stepped back while unbanishing.
“I finally see you.”
“Sigh.”
Surprised, Ntara held her breath, but Havits’ eyes were already elsewhere.
“Yahweh.”
“You saved your life, Satan.”
The appearance of Sirone, tinged with the light of Elicia, pushed the scene of the death toll into the background.

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-1237.txt
=============YYYYY=============
exo universe(1)
While waiting for the official ceremony at the Delta Annex, the temple operations team came in first.
“sorry.”
The face of the operation team leader was flushed.
“I think the event will be delayed by about 10 minutes. Currently, the annex has been converted to a Level 2 alert area and… …
Leaders of each country who had heard this far acquired information more quickly through direct channels.
Dante’s subordinates also approached from Tormia.
“President of the association.”
“what’s the matter?”
“A skirmish broke out at the main entrance of Delta Headquarters. The target is the warriors of the south and the Anti-Magic Department of Lamie.”
Rufist asked.
“Nambang and Lamigyo?”
“yes. that is… …
The albino stopped talking.
“They are from the pyramid side. Did you come to the temple after all? When does it start?”
“The time of the engagement is 9:45. Also, Yahweh and Satan have joined the battlefield.”
‘Were you there?’
It is clear that it is currently the hottest place in the temple, but there is something that has not yet been explained.
“I think you’d better avoid it.” The informant lowered his voice.
“According to intelligence, something is a little strange. I heard that the moment you come into contact with the people coming from the pyramid, you lose your will and join the crowd as if hypnotized.”
Rufist said.
“Personal wave. If all of them are Oparts, it means that the sphere of influence of the magnetic field can also be moved.”
“yes. Currently, the annex is designated as a Level 2 boundary area and is not accessible. We have taken measures to allow up to two people, including heads of state, to leave the temple secretary’s office.”
Nobody moved.
‘If the future information is true, the World Map Bureau may be decided here. Even if it’s not, the vote is tomorrow morning. If the king runs away, his cause is lost.’
Only the secretaries from each country were busy talking, and the annex was chilly and quiet.
Rufist asked.
“How dangerous is it? What is the probability that the Pyramid’s crowd will break through the headquarters and reach the annex?”
Dante would have analyzed it.
“Fifty percent. It depends on what judgment Yahweh and Havitz make.”
‘Fifty percent.’
It was the most human and meaningless number.
“No, 100 percent.”
said the albino.
“It’s all sorted out now. Why did Fermi provide future information to countries? What he feared was not that the Kingdom of Iron would become the world’s leader. I was afraid of a future where Maya might not die.” the informant asked.
“What does that mean? So you’re saying that Kessia also wants Maya to die?”
“No, not exactly… …
The albino looked back at the empty seat of King Kessia.
“It must be what God wants.”
Lufist’s eyes sparkled.
“It’s a human wave. If the reason they flock to the temple is to kill Maya… …
“okay. Sirone won’t be able to stop it. And we will also be swept away by the wave of phosphorus and kill Maya. Most of this place will lose their minds.”
“But I don’t quite understand. Why does Fermi obey God’s will? There has never been any intelligence that Kessiah has contact with the Kingdom of Paras.”
“Hehe. Hehehe.”
The albino laughed like someone with itchy lungs.
“I know what you are going to do.” The laughter stopped.
“Fermi doesn’t want to change the future. Information entropy must always be zero.”
“What does that mean in this situation?”
“I know the future.”
The albino raised his index finger.
“The pitfall of updating information. Living without knowing the future, and knowing the future but not making any changes. It looks the same at first glance, but the quality of the information is completely different.”
“Because you can choose.”
“okay. That’s the power of information. For example, there is a trap on the road. I fell into a trap without knowing it. And again, this time assuming you know the trap. And yet I fell into a trap again.”
“The result is the same. But is it really the same? No one will think so. Because I chose the latter. Fermi doesn’t want to change the future. If I had known the trap and had gone the other way… …
“It’s the unknown again.”
“okay. Another pitfall may arise. No, the option to leave it is forfeited. The more entropy increases, the narrower the range that can be controlled.”
The albino twisted his beard.
“The core of this design will be sirone. Because it is the subject that changes the world, information must be blocked. This must be the identity of the sense of incongruity felt in Sirone and Fermi’s actions.”
Rufist faced the front.
“What are you waiting for? Protecting the future so that the world can reach this point…
Because it means something much more terrible will happen in the future.
“You are bold.”
Lufist nodded.
“yes. But it would be impossible.”
“That’s something I don’t know. A liar who only tells the truth. I wondered what the hell he was doing… …
Looking up at the ceiling, the albino tore his mouth.
“Are you going to cheat God?”
King Fermi of Kessia did not go to the annex and found Seriel’s room.
The good thing about being together was the same with Seriel, but I was worried as well.
“Can I really not go? It’s an important position.”
“It won’t be fun.”
Seriel, who was leaning on Fermi’s shoulder, straightened her upper body.
“What kind of weird things are you up to? Looking at your expression, I’m sure
uh.” Seriel hesitated at Fermi’s coy gaze.
“What, what?”
“we… … Shall we get married?”
“Do you even say that in a situation like this? It seems smart, but sometimes it’s weird.”
He coldly refused the proposal, but in fact it was because he suddenly felt afraid.
Seriel asked softly again.
“Why are you doing that? Could something bad happen to you? huh? So let’s get married… …
“Haha, this is why competent people are tired. no other meaning I just thought of you when I saw you.”
“no. You will never be that kind of person.” Fermi was genuinely hurt.
“Tell me clearly. Then I won’t ask anything else. Are you, are you okay? yes?”
“How am I supposed to know that? You could hit your foot on the corner of the desk right now.”
“Don’t talk back.”
“I’m not talking about it, this is a battlefield. What will happen if you do this and that… … Ugh!”
Seriel, who knocked Fermi to the bed, climbed onto his back.
“ouch! it hurts……
Tears welled up in her eyes.
“say.”
Contemplating, he opened his mouth.
“… … Apocalypse’s information doesn’t say that I’m particularly wrong.”
“also! Don’t try to fool me with the truth! I’m not wrong, I’ll be by Seriel’s side even after this war, just say this!”
Because Fermi doesn’t lie.
“Look! Also, you… …
“I am.”
The words continued over and over again.
“It won’t go wrong. I will definitely be by your side even after this war is over.”
Seriel whimpered and added.
“… … alive.”
“Ha ha, yes. alive.”
Only then did she relax and fell on Fermi’s chest.
“You keep talking nonsense. If you say that one more time, I will kill you.”
did you hate it that much?
“sorry.”
Fermi looked out the window.
“… … it’s raining.”
“What are you talking about? The moment Seriel asked why it was raining all of a sudden with a puzzled expression, he heard the sound of rain like a rainy season.
‘Mother, knowing the future is difficult.’
Fermi thought.
I hope even this sound of rain I hear now is a lie.
The violent noise at the main gate of Delta seemed to be buried underground by the sudden rain.
Sirone and Havitz, who were soaked in an instant, did not take their eyes off each other.
Sirone asked.
“Why didn’t you run away?”
According to the law of the beginning of birth, Satan can escape from Yahweh forever.
“You?”
Havitz’s gaze was also cold.
“Why didn’t you kill me?”
If he had only intended to destroy the vanishing, Satan would have cut Euntara intact.
“Should I guess?”
Harvits said, closing one eye.
“Because once an hour is the only opportunity given to you. If I dodge your attack, then it’s over.”
“Can I avoid it?” “Don’t say anything. I know why a coward like you struggles to hold on.”
There are now less than two hours left for the final confrontation between truth and lies to end.
‘In the meantime, one fact must be proved
do.’
The proposition Harvitz proposed was to kill Urin or kill Sirone by midnight.
‘If I kill Sirone here, I’ll gain the upper hand.’
Of course, the propositions of the wizard are the kind that can be cleared as much as you want.
‘Love me or hate me.’ according to your mind.
‘If you love me, you don’t have to win. If you hate it, then I too… …
It’s enough if you do whatever you want.
“A coward?” As Havitz’s temperament changed, purple life began to leak out.
“Shiok.”
12 fanatics rose from the ground.
“It is Satan.”
“catch.”
At the same time as Satan’s instructions were given, 12 people surrounded Sirone.
‘And I… …
Vanishing.
Shi-ok whispered as Havits, who had escaped from the law, aimed at Sirone’s back.
“Yahweh.”
The 12 hidden codes are the power to ridicule the world.
“weekend.”
whatever you want
Joy and aspiration, conquest and domination, all the wishes you could hope for after being born as a human are all within you.
Sirone still had a cold expression.
‘It won’t work.’
Observing the situation from the rear, Havits put strength into the hand holding the long sword.
‘But I win.’
The reason Vanishing has been destroyed so far is because Havitz followed the rules.
‘That’s no fun.’ Right, Vulcan?
Harbitz charged through the tunnel outside Sirone’s perception, aiming his sword.
Yahweh’s back seemed wider today.
‘you can do it.’
Above all, God’s frequency.
I feel a great sense of incongruity, but I haven’t heard the name Habits anywhere.
‘Still, it’s the closest among humans in the world. He’s definitely annoying.’
Habitz, who had finally penetrated the prison, held out his sword with strength in his eyes.
‘finished.’
At that moment, a tremendous shudder ran down my spine.
“uh?”
The moment the knife touches Sirone’s back, Havitz’s elbow bends at the same speed as he is moving forward.
“Big!”
When it seemed that that would not be enough, he hurriedly passed by Sirone and rolled on the ground.
“Sah, dear Satan… …
Vanishing was released, but Sirone just stood there.
‘Is that so?’
To realize it only after coming to the end of the world.
“Are you okay?”
As if he couldn’t even hear Si-ok’s voice, Havits sat with a blank expression on his face.
‘Why couldn’t I kill him?’
There was only one feeling at that moment.
run away
Harvits watched his fingers tremble against his will.
I couldn’t even think of fear because it didn’t define anything.
“Come on?”
It never felt good.
When I stabbed the back of my left hand with the handle of my sword, the bones of my left hand were broken.
“What, why are you like this? huh? yes? Come on?”
“Havitz.”
Havits, who had been moving her arms indifferently as if breaking a stone, stopped moving at Sirone’s voice.
“You cannot kill me.” Hee, hee, Said Sirone, with Habits’ nostrils clinging to him as he drew in his breath.
“That’s why you run away.”

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-1238.txt
=============YYYYY=============
exo universe(2)
“Distinguished guests from all over the world, we have achieved great unity in the face of global issues. All agreements were delivered in writing, and tomorrow morning, for the first time in history, the world leader will be elected… …
While the ceremony of the closing ceremony was in progress, the entertainers took their last breath in the waiting room.
“Whoa. Whoa.”
Cayden handed Maya some water.
“Now, this.”
She was thirsty enough to empty a bottle, but she only rinsed her mouth.
“You don’t have to be nervous. Are you the best?”
Maya probably doesn’t even remember that she didn’t answer.
Seeing her cold expression for the first time, Caden swallowed and went to the corner of the waiting room.
El Qiana glared at it with sad eyes.
‘anyway… … . Can’t you see I’m concentrating? The professional is over the moment you get nervous, you idiot.’ So, the fact that she was thinking about her was proof that she was nervous.
‘Whoa, no! Let’s focus, focus!’
It was quiet again, and only the sound of the conductor Panier flipping through the score could be heard.
‘That’s annoying, that guy.’
If Caden hadn’t been a little more observant, he would have been kicked out of the waiting room.
‘Nothing happens.’
Ye-in is a slave to jinx, so even the slightest feeling makes her feel like the world is collapsing.
Perhaps the sensitivity of that moment is strong enough to kill a person… … .
‘Another 30 minutes.’
If I didn’t know how to control myself, I wouldn’t have come this far.
‘Nothing happens. Just as it is, pouring out everything and coming out.’
After that, what does it matter if you end up in the emergency room after a binge?
Then a knock was heard.
‘this… … !’
It was a jinx.
Panier, suppressing the desire to scream, spat out with a cold expression.
“who is this?”
Reina stood up when a bumpy-haired man with a knife opened the door and entered.
“lie.”
“for a moment… … Can we talk?” She looked at the conductor, and Pannier nodded her head expressionlessly.
Getting angry only made the jinx bigger.
“Go and come.”
Reina was sensitive as well, so as soon as she came out into the hallway, she let out a low tone.
“it’s crazy? Where are you coming from? Even if it’s the lifeguard, they won’t give you permission to enter.”
“I heard from my grandfather. I can’t go into details, but it’s a dangerous situation. Follow me.”
“Grandpa?”
Currently, Clump was staying in Delta as the commander of the Tormia Temple garrison.
“What are you talking about? Now the show is less than 30 minutes away.”
“You idiot, everyone dies. So I guess my grandfather pretended not to see me either. Let’s go now.”
“no. I can’t go.”
Does it make sense that a pianist would leave without notice 30 minutes before the performance?
“Without me, over 30 people will all go crazy. I can’t do that.”
“Then you die… … !”
Rai gritted it.
Being a family member, he could understand that her stubbornness was no less than his own.
“do it yourself.”
“Go back to headquarters. Don’t stay because of me.”
There was no answer.
Perhaps her younger sister would stay here, so Reina felt heavy.
‘A child whose family is everything.’
Even though it looks cold, in fact, it was the third with more residual than anyone else.
The eldest son is the eldest son, the second daughter is the second daughter, and the youngest is the youngest. … .
‘There must have been something I wished for without realizing it. Me, Gai’s older brother, and even my father and grandfather.’
Perhaps the reason why Rai is obsessed with swords is also because he wanted to prove it to his family.
‘Go on your way now. No matter what kind of person you become, we are always here.’
Rayna took a deep breath.
“Whoa.”
The mind, trained by fighting countless jinxes, returned to a state of concentration.
“I have to do it, the performance.”
For Yein, that would be everything.
Harvits asked.
“You can’t kill me? you? why?”
“Because that is the law. Anything can kill me. But I can kill them too. For example, we share the same laws with each other.”
Sirone said.
“But Satan can avoid Yahweh under any circumstances. have you ever thought about What kind of law is it that you avoid me beyond all possible cases?”
“I don’t know. What is it.”
Harvits defines nothing.
“Because you die.” “Satan is outside the law. That’s why he always has the upper hand in terms of probability, but it’s different for Yahweh. Your chance of surviving is 0%. Rather, you were able to run away from me 100 percent because it was absolute death. In other words, you and I are the extremes and extremes of the law.”
“No, listen. I gave you a knife a moment ago… …
“to sum up.”
Sirone stopped talking.
“You can still run away from me if you want to. But because of that, if you try to kill me, death cannot be avoided under any circumstances.”
Harvitz’s instinct was the reason why he screamed.
“You tried to stab me?”
“It’s just a conclusion. I don’t know what the future would be like, but if you had stabbed me in the back… …
After reviewing for a while, Sirone spat out.
“You must be dead. One way or another, I will have found a way to kill you.”
Suddenly, I had this thought.
‘Maybe Satan… …
Because you cannot kill Yahweh, who has mastered the heart, you are corrupting the hearts of other people.
“haha.”
Havitz laughed dryly, and soon returned to an eerie expressionless expression and opened his mouth.
“Shiok.”
When 12 fanatics again besieged Sirone, Havitz took a detour with vanishing.
‘I’m talking nonsense.’ Shi-ok’s 12 hidden codes began to make Sirone’s mind dizzy again.
“Yahweh.”
Defeat us if you are strong.
Prove your strength, rise to the top of the world, and have everyone follow you.
“Whoa.”
Sirone is not indifferent.
Rather, it is more dangerous because he has mastered the mind and suppresses all desires.
“Go away.”
In the end, it was Yahweh because it was not broken.
all.
“Kuaaa!”
Si-ok, who was irritated when the hidden code didn’t work, tried to start a fight.
“100 million!”
Harbitz, whose vanishing had been released, once again passed by Sirone and rolled around in the muddy water.
“Sah, Satan… …
Second, Si-ok had no choice but to admit it.
‘Really?’
Satan cannot kill Yahweh.
“Hmm.”
Sitting down wet, Havitz looked at his trembling legs.
‘ fear?’
No, it can’t be.
“Why is this happening again?”
Just as Harvits was about to cut off his leg with his sword, Sirone approached and said,
“It’s no use.”
“wait. I’ll solve this first and fight again. Why do you keep losing your body… …
“Havitz, do you believe in God?”
Habitz, who stopped moving, turned his head.
” god?”
“Not the God we define, but the God who really controls all dimensions. I honestly have my doubts.”
“If you are talking about God… …
“however.”
Sirone said.
“I wish there was a god.”
And as he kicked Harvitz in the face, his body thrashed and fell sprawled.
“Yahweh!”
Si-ok bared his teeth, but Harvits was lying in the rain calmly in a collapsed state.
“I’d rather have a god, where everything is fair and equal, no one gets hurt, and if you do something bad, lightning strikes… …
Sirone gritted his teeth and asked.
“Why are we sacrificing ourselves? why don’t you take responsibility? Is it because there is no god? Because lightning doesn’t fall from the sky, because a blade doesn’t come out of nowhere and hit you in the neck, does the world look ridiculous? Because someone puts up with it, sacrifices it, and cares for it, you mean you can do whatever you want?”
“Hmm.”
Harvits thought carefully.
“I think you know what I mean. So when I throw out the trash, someone picks it up and throws it in the trash. If no one cleans it up, the streets will get dirty, and if time goes on like that, everyone will end up living in the dump.”
“okay.”
“But the person who takes out the trash is unfair. Why do you always clean me up? Those people throw filth all over the place, so why am I the only one who has to clean these streets? Then, all of a sudden, this thought came to me.”
Harvits jumped up and stood up.
“If everyone didn’t litter in the first place, these streets would always be clean. There is no need for someone to sacrifice, and everyone can live happily.”
Sirone sighed heartily.
“??????okay.”
“I don’t understand.”
“what?”
“Of course, there are people who clean it up, so they throw it away. Even if all 100 people throw out the trash, someone else has to step in and clean it up. The one person who least wants to live in the dump takes on the trash of 99 other people.”
Sirone was speechless.
“Of course, that one person will be unfair. He cleaned everything up himself, but 100 people enjoy the clean streets equally. But who did it? If you don’t like it, you can just not clean it. Then someone else steps in?”
Harvits pointed at Sirone.
“Just like you.”
The sound of heavy breathing mixed with the sound of rain.
“Everyone procrastinates and procrastinates, and in the end you end up taking on the burden. But I can’t help it. You do it because you have no choice but to do it. So, you can do that in the future.”
Harvits seemed to be bothered by what he said.
“I’m going to pick up the trash alone for the rest of my life, you idiot.”
“… … Photon Cannon.”
Cirone, who grabbed Harbitz by the collar and raised him up, swung his left fist.
‘Infinity!’
The moment his jaw turned, a fierce flash of light raced in Havitz’s head.
“Aaaaaaa!”
A shattering headache soon followed, and he shouted, clutching his head.
“Shiook!”
“Protect Satan!”
Siok, which activated 0.666 seconds of every second, a time that did not exist in the world, made Satan escape outside the law.
“… … Superlight speed.”
Shirone’s voice widened Shiok’s eyes.
“Uh, how?”
The reason why the speed of light is constant is because it is the speed of the signals that make up this world.
So even though it’s a light-speed barrier because nothing can exist until a signal arrives.
“Can you come at a time that doesn’t exist?”
The battery at the speed of light penetrates the 0 information between the signals, the vacuum.
“Photon Cannon.”
This is the exclusive patent of Guffin, which creates something out of nothing, and the secret of the Wizard’s missing 1 frame.
“Infinity.”
Also, if you apply this battery to matter.
“Aaaaa!”
It becomes atomic destruction magic that fires particles at 99.9999% of the speed of light.
When Si-ok screamed and disappeared, only Havitz remained and wriggled.
“Are you sick?”
I was in no condition to answer.
“The reason suffering is a tragedy is because it is lonely. Falling into hell alone in the festival of life. no one can replace The only thing you have to be fully responsible for yourself.”
Havitz rushed.
“Ki-i-i!”
He concentrated all the anger he was feeling into his long sword and tried to cut Sirone’s head.
“You made a mistake.”
Sirone slowly put her hand on Havitz’s chest.
“Quaaaaa!”
As the atomic destruction magic ripped through his body again, Havitz screamed and stumbled.
“Huh! Whoa!”
As Sirone approached, Havitz’s legs instinctively began to distance themselves.
‘Eh, run away. escape… … uh?’ I see
Havitsu, who suddenly realized, looked back at Sirone with a shocked expression.
‘this… … Is it fear?
It was the only justice born out of chaos.

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-1239.txt
=============YYYYY=============
“Do you know why I hate evil?” Sirone said.
“It is because they mistakenly believe that happiness and unhappiness are equivalent exchanges. If you hear ten compliments and ten insults, does that person have to be extremely calm?”
Sirone’s fist hit Harbitz in the face.
“100 million!”
“… … No wonder you feel dirty.”
The human mind is not neutral.
“Don’t try to be the same over and over again. No human being puts equal value on happiness and unhappiness. There is not a single person in the world who wants to be unhappy. Even you, who enjoyed pleasure by preying on countless humans… …
As the particle destruction magic poured down, Harvits collapsed on the floor and howled.
“Aaaaaaa!”
“Isn’t this one more painful now?”
why the hell
“I want to bully others somehow, so I bring up logic that doesn’t work… …
Sirone grabbed Havitz’s head with both hands and applied the magic again.
“Ugh! Ugh!”
Sparks flew in Havitz’s eyes, and blood flowed from his eyes, nose, and mouth.
“Why do I have to forgive you guys?”
Sirone almost cried.
“say it! I’ve been happy up until now, so it’s okay to be in pain! You mocked others like that, so you should laugh!”
In order to reach Ultima, even evil must be accepted with heart, but… … .
Sirone couldn’t bear to swallow it.
“Say, dear Satan.”
Twelve Siok, whose faces were charred, approached Habitz in the Koonggeumonggeum gear.
“Kuaaa! Aagh!”
Havitz let out a groan and peered into his own brain as if he had gone out of body.
The feeling of light running at a speed that is not in the world.
“Uh uh uh uh?”
When the accident reached the point where it was impossible, strange words came out without realizing it.
“… … mom.”
Surprised even after spitting it out himself, he suddenly came to his senses and invoked vanishing.
‘Let’s run away.’
Anywhere is fine, to a place without Yahweh.
‘I know how, so it’s okay. I don’t have to kill him. Giyorgi just needs to kill him.’
Sirone stood up.
“late.”
He had already anticipated Havitz’s vanishing, so he murmured.
“Elicia.”
As the brilliance of light spread like an explosion, Havitz’s chin trembled after the vanishing was released.
lied
“Huh! Whoops!”
Unable to even look back, he ran with all his might.
‘ mom.’
Was it a dream, or was it a near-death experience created by the destruction of brain cells?
Havitz let out a silly laugh as he ripped the flesh off his tattered face.
“Hehehe!”
I didn’t actually see anything.
I just felt it, realized it, and knew what kind of existence I was in this world.
‘Why is it chaos?’
Because there is no need to protect anything.
” mom.”
He didn’t mind the fact that his skin was peeling, he said like a child with a seagull laugh.
“I want to have fun.”
At the same time as he finished speaking, Elikia’s flash flew towards Havitz’s back.
“Protect Satan!”
The moment Shi-ok blocks the road, the flash spreads like electricity and burns them all.
Aaaaaaaaa!
Shiok, which had turned to ashes, stayed in the air for a long time without being washed away by rainwater, and then disappeared.
Sirone’s expression was calm.
“Whoa.”
Even before coming here, he had guessed that he couldn’t kill Havitz.
‘Satan can transcend the law and avoid Yahweh. If he so set his mind.’
Perhaps if he had activated Elikia from the beginning, Havits would have run away without a word.
“I hope it was a little comforting.” Caught in the clutches of the stars of the ivory tower and Satan
I hoped to realize at least a little the suffering of the victims.
‘Mother.’
When I heard Harvitz, a few things came to my mind, but they were just hypotheses.
‘Rather… …
The Paladins of Lamigyo and the warriors of the south were still continuing the slaughter battle.
“Yahweh.”
Chieftain Ntara approached with support.
“Chief.”
“I watched you fight Havitz. It seems that Elicia’s strength was lacking.”
“I would have run away anyway. It is a law that cannot be resolved by direct conflict between me and Satan.”
That’s why Wizards were needed.
“is it? Anyway, the situation is tight. Those zealots seemed to want to enter the temple.”
Sirone looked back at Yin, who had lost her mind.
‘Those who lose heart and follow the will of God. Perhaps what you’re aiming for… … It must be Maya.’
The reason is unknown, but Maya’s death is recorded meaningfully in future information.
Sirone remembered the words of Youkus Man.
– The singing voice was so loud that I had to stop it. There was so much singing, it had to cover the planet. Thicker, thicker, thicker… … .
‘Maybe it has something to do with this? But there is too little information to make hasty conclusions.’
Sirone said.
“I will stop you. Please help me.”
Satan has fled and Shiok has been wiped out, so now only Yin’s faction remains.
“Of course I should, but… …
Euntara looked back at the main road and said.
“Can you stop everything?”
Where Sirone turned his head, a procession of phosphorus filled his field of vision.
It felt like people from all over the world were rushing in.
“… … We have to stop it.”
After activating the Miracle Stream, Sirone swept the front of the crowd with her Hand of God.
“Keugh!”
I felt a great shock.
‘magnetic field.’
If it is just an object, it can be changed according to Yahweh’s will, but oparts are different.
‘If Yin is God’s long-term partner… …
Existence is the extreme of the law, and each of them was as strong as Nane’s sermon.
“Yaaaaa!”
Cirone grabbed people with the Hand of God and swung her arms while clenching her teeth.
Hundreds of people broke away, but many more missed as if grabbing water.
‘… … It’s not easy.’ However, if it was destroyed with magic, it might be a massacre of mankind.
People said in one voice.
“Yahweh.”
It was a message from God to Sirone.
“You are an error.” Maybe.
In a cold and indifferent world, creatures might have had to live by simply obeying the law.
“no.”
Sirone’s eyes widened.
“We will define it.” To move toward a world where there is no discrimination, no more sacrifice, no terrible misfortune.
“The master of this world is the mind.”
Sirone spread the Miracle Stream to the limit and swept away the crowd of people.
oh oh oh oh!
As if the world was screaming, the streets were shaken by the conflict between the heart and the law.
“Great!”
Amid all the laws denying the heart, Sirone’s eyes exploded with brilliance.
“This concludes all the official schedules of the temple… …
Applause spread throughout the annex.
No one clapped carelessly, but their expressions hardened.
Everyone was thinking the same thing.
‘The aftermath of the front door collision is not coming. maybe even stop it then… …
Should I kill Maya?
‘If you go by vote, Tormia has an overwhelming advantage. But I don’t know yet. If you seek a reversal here, the result will be reversed.’
The desire to become a world leader instigated the kings of each country endlessly.
“Then, from now on, there will be a finale performance to pray for peace in the temple. Please greet them with applause.”
match… … .
A few people bumped their palms, but it became quiet again, as if they had promised.
Perhaps it was his hesitation about sending a welcome signal to the person he was about to kill.
“uh… …
The moderator was embarrassed, but skillfully led the talk.
“Now, let me introduce you! It is a pannier band, a performance performed by the world’s best artists.”
Applause broke out as if to make up for the mistake of a moment ago, and 36 artists came out on stage.
Rufist said.
“Sirone is blocking well. I’ll be able to hold on until the show is over. If so, has the future changed?”
The albino’s eyes narrowed.
“Hmm, there are still a few variables. First of all, Basak, the king of Iron. According to the prophecies of the future, he will kill Maya and take over the world map. I will definitely move.”
To seize the fate given to oneself.
“But now everyone knows the future. Other countries won’t leave it alone. If we can stop Iron here, we can change the future.”
No matter what Fermi was thinking, Rufist judged for Tormia’s sake.
“I agree, but it will already be in the calculation.”
“yes?”
“About Fermi and Syrone. The two guys share the same information, but their actions are opposite. Fermi knows but doesn’t want to change, and Sirone knows but wants to change.”
“Because that’s how it is.”
“This is the point. Shall we say that those two steps seem to split God’s calculations into two? Sirone will do her best to stop the procession of phosphorus. However, since it is also under God’s calculation, God bypasses Yahweh and carries through with the result. And the result of that implementation… …
Rufist realized.
“Fermi again… … changed it’?”
“That would be a strategy. Perhaps Sirone knew. I’m sure you’ve found a way to control the information in some way. That is the true meaning of deceiving the gods. Are you saying they’re both insane? I came up with a very stupid idea.”
Lufist had the same idea.
“Anyway, the future is up there as far as we think. No matter what happens right now, that will not be the true future.”
As long as Fermi controls information.
‘then… …
Rufist stood side by side on the stage and examined the entertainers one by one.
‘What is the future we don’t know about?’ Pope Constantine strolled through the aisles.
“Oh, Pope.”
Even though she was not a member of Lamie religion, she was a world-famous celebrity, so the ladies-in-waiting paid their respects.
“Yes, it’s a lot of work.”
“What are you doing here? If you’re like the Pope, in the annex… …
The maid’s expression became blank.
” ah.”
A blue light flashed in her eyes for an instant, and then the emotion disappeared from her face.
“Follow the truth of Lamie religion.”
“… … yes.”
The maid turned that way and headed for the inn where the temple staff were staying.
Perhaps in a few hours, most people in Delta will become Lamies.
“What is the problem?”
And Pope Constantine belatedly moved to the annex.
“What God wants.”
As the entertainers played music under the direction of Panier, El Qiana took the lead.
Her voice singing world peace was so beautiful that it seemed like light was flowing.
But the crowd did not waver.
‘When will I kill you?’
What they are waiting for is the moment when Maya gets the spotlight in the center of the stage.
‘According to the prophecy, Iron killed him after the performance. We have to hit first before that.’
Panier could not see the audience, but felt a chill run down his spine.
‘What is it?’
I’ve done a lot of performances, but this was the first time.
‘Next, Maya.’
Panier, who had come to his senses, turned his gaze to Maya and nodded slightly.
The spotlight moved and Maya stepped out to the center of the stage with a calm gait.
Officials from around the world widened their eyes.
‘Is it now? now?’
Turning to the audience, Maya raised her eyes slightly and slowly parted her lips.
“I… …
The shock of that moment.
“When I was very young.”
By stimulating people’s heartstrings to such an extent that they can’t even think of the world’s map country or the muddy murder intent.
“Meet a boy.”
It evoked a stillness more still than stillness.
“I loved you.”
Everyone’s eyes were wet as she smiled as she had just finished a line.
‘Why did you kill me after the performance?’
Albino realized.
‘maybe… … It must be because I couldn’t kill him.’

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-124.txt
=============YYYYY=============
[124] New encounter (5)
Clearly, Tess was in great shape to be paired with the huge Lian. Her limbs were also long and tall, so her waistline was also deeply curved.
On the other hand, he was a wizard by anyone’s eyes. He was of average height and of a rather thin build for his age.
Of course, physical beauty isn’t all of her charm, but she couldn’t help feeling shabby in front of Tess’ power, one head taller.
“No, we are just friends. I have a special request to go with you.”
“ah-ha, I see.”
Tess didn’t believe it straight away. She could guess that it was an unusual feeling just from the fact that a girl from the first rank of the aristocracy followed as a commoner’s partner.
Ryan thought the same. In fact, the thing I was most concerned about while planning this trip was if Sirone couldn’t find her partner.
There is also a problem of status, but my personality is introverted, so I was worried that I might get hurt.
However, when he opened the lid, he brought a girl who was surprisingly beautiful even for him, who was not particularly interested in women.
Rian had always thought that a woman should have a cuteness that triggers a protective instinct like Amy.
On the other hand, Tess was the owner of skills that surpassed her own, so she had no chin to feel love feelings.
Even if it’s just the ability of the schema, there are not many men who are attracted to women who are stronger than themselves.
‘Take care, Sirone. I will actively push you.’
While Lian was planning a strategy, a wagon arrived that had been overhauled. The four people, each with their own luggage, moved toward the carriage.
It was then.
“this guy! Lian~!”
A tremendous decibel voice emanating from the mansion. Lian guessed that everything had been uncovered, just by the murder that was transmitted through the sound.
“Damn it! Guys, run!”
“what? What about the wagon?”
“It’s too late for the ride! look behind you! You must go over the fence!”
The three of them looked around the mansion. An ocher-colored whirlwind soared into the sky and was approaching this direction.
Not even understanding the situation, Sirone and the others started running.
“Rian! What happened?”
“shit! Looks like your report card has arrived! I was actually in last place! Dad will kill us!”
“really? really kill? Just tell the truth and let’s go. I’m going to play, what is this?”
“If you are confident, try it. i will run For reference, my dad is a certified 4th grade prosecutor.”
The blood drained from the three faces. Tess activated the schema and jumped forward, followed by Amy.
Shirone’s heart pounded backwards. I was running forward, but the wind was blowing from behind.
Running while pushing air meant that Bischoff’s speed exceeded the human limit.
“Rian! I think we’ll get caught!”
“I can’t! I’ll kill myself! You guys go to the island first and play!”
If it was Lian, it would be enough. But she can’t leave her friend and go on a trip. Sirone came up with a solution even in the middle of his mind.
“Amy! Let’s go teleport! Ryan, don’t move!”
Sirone grabbed Lian and cast a photonization spell. The bodies of the two people seemed to flash and shine, and immediately became a flash and jumped forward.
Lian, who had experienced teleportation for the first time, was dizzy. The field of view became extremely narrow and it felt as if all the scenery was being pushed towards me.
It was the magician’s vision.
Amy also caught Tess and teleported, as if she understood Sirone’s words.
Two flashes of light rushed through the garden at breakneck speed. It was a situation where it could be smashed by hitting the cover, but Sirone and Amy did not allow even the slightest mistake.
Thinking that it was quite far away, Sirone looked back. But in the end, she had to grit her teeth, suppressing the feeling that she was going to burst into tears.
The whirlwind was drawing closer. They were destroying whatever they came across as cover.
It was natural for Ogent’s symbol, Daejikdo, to come to mind.
“Amy! come here!”
Sirone shouted as she made a sudden stop in the middle of the thick forest. Then, Amy also canceled one turn to close the distance with Sirone.
A forest-destroying whirlwind was approaching from a distance of 100 meters.
Tess stomped her feet and shouted.
“Now what? Just to get caught?”
“Catch me! It will fly!”
Sirone expanded the radius of the Spirit Zone to its maximum. Even so, they couldn’t leave the garden, but there was a way.
If you can’t win in speed, just disappear from the coordinates for an instant.
“Goes!”
When the friends arrive, Sirone uses synesthesia to find a safe place. He never thought he would be able to use magic so quickly in practice that he thought he would have nothing to cast for a while.
As we cast space movement, aiming for the outskirts of the forest, the bodies of the four people burned with light and were sucked into the sky.
At the same time, a tremendous wind rushed in with the human figures, sweeping away the place where they were.
Bischoff sadly clenched the hand that couldn’t hold Lian’s. It was a brief difference.
“this… … !”
Bischoff turned 180 degrees and braked with both legs. As if sliding on ice, his body was pushed over ten meters.
A mound of dirt 20 times his body weight rose over his heel. It was a sight that showed how much physical power his body possessed.
Bischoff looked at the path he had come on in a confused way. The ground was plowed and the trees were broken randomly.
It’s all because of Ryan. How dare you deceive your father.
“Imagination schema?”
He took out his report card with trembling hands. The more he thought about it, the more he could only sigh.
But on the other hand, I felt sorry for my poor son. How much training did you have to have the muscle strength that conforms to the schema?
‘You can think of it as an effort prize.’
Anyway, it seemed that Sirone had already learned to move through space. As it is a magic that even pros find difficult, it was a tremendous growth for an achievement achieved in half a year.
Sirone and Lian. Ryan and Sirone. Bischoff recalled the future of two boys bound together by one destiny.
Talents and inclinations are vastly different, but wouldn’t the number of steps they took in the name of being the best?
“It must be a good memory, this too.”
Bischoff tossed his report card over his shoulder and headed for the mansion.
island. Galliant(1)
After jumping over the fence of Ogent’s mansion, Sirone and the others do everything they can to get out of the aristocratic area.
Thanks to the casting of space movement, it was out of Bischoff’s expected coordinates, but it was not a safe situation.
This is because the movement of a schema adherent boasts an animal-like activity radius that cannot be escaped by a considerable amount of instant movement.
It was only after entering the downtown area that Sirone and the others breathed a sigh of relief. I still vividly recalled Bischoff’s face.
No way I wanted to hurt my son, but it was too young to live with the appearance of a whirlwind approaching that I could do even worse.
Sirone sighed and said.
“What are you going to do now? I’ve come this far, so I can’t go back.”
“Doesn’t it matter? Because I got a lot of money. Let’s borrow her carriage and go to the port.”
Lian had nothing to fear without his father. He’d get scolded someday, but he wasn’t in the dark thoughts ahead of the fun trip.
They arrived at a stable on the outskirts of the city. In addition to selling horses to travelers, they also had a transportation business that hired a coachman to drive them to their destination.
It was not a situation to spare to meet the ship’s time, so Lian rented a four-seater carriage that could be started immediately.
Ryan and Tess sat side by side, and Sirone and Amy were seated facing each other. Since it was a seat used by commoners, the inside was cramped, so we had to sit close together.
The carriage started in an awkward atmosphere, but the tension was quickly relieved thanks to the cool breeze coming through the windows.
Tess cooled her sweat with a hand fan and looked at Sirone.
Although he had never learned magic, he knew how difficult it was to teleport through a dense forest. As expected, he was a wizard of a considerable level.
However, if you just want to find someone who is good at magic, there are plenty of nobles. Doubts still lingered in that the shock was not strong enough for Lian to take the oath of knighthood.
“right. But what was the second magic? It felt strange for teleportation.”
“Oh, that’s space travel. It must have been a little dizzy because space curves along the axis of time.”
“what? You said it was space travel?”
Tess was startled. Her friends also went to magic school, but none of them mastered space movement.
It is because it is not magic that can be done only by knowing the theory. It was a matter of mental strength, and it was an area that could only be conquered with time and effort.
“amazing. Did you get a chance or something? Oh, I’m not ignoring this, I know that space movement is a magic that only pros use. Isn’t it difficult if you don’t learn magic from a young age?”
Tess thought that Sirone had been introduced to the magical world through an act of childhood. Otherwise, there was no way commoners could learn magic.
Sirone meekly nodded. It was half right and half wrong, but it wasn’t a particularly important issue, so I didn’t feel the need to correct my misunderstanding.
“that’s right. If it wasn’t for Lian, I wouldn’t have been able to attend magic school. The Ogent family helped me get into magic school.”
“As expected. Oh, but I think that alone is great. Since I was young, I competed with aristocrats, so I must have been very nervous outside of my studies.”
“haha! At first it was. But it’s fine now. Amy also protected me a lot.”
“Hey, what did I do? On a topic that I didn’t even talk about.”
Amy snorted and turned her head away. She didn’t show it, but she was frustrated by Sirone’s humble answer.
Tess didn’t seem to think that Sirone, a mere commoner, had learned advanced magic through her own efforts.
It would have been a natural reaction since they had never known each other, but I didn’t like the way they dismissed the arduous journey that Sirone had taken as an accident.
It was Lian who scratched Amy’s itchy spot.
“Anyway, that was only half a year ago. Sirone has only been learning magic for half a year.”
“What, half a year?”
Tess looked back at Lian enough to break her neck. This time, too, her mind went dark.
Space movement cannot be mastered in half a year by any means. Apart from the prosecutor’s way of thinking, this was common sense among the common sense spread in aristocratic society.
Tess glanced across the other side. Sirone smiled, but Amy still crooked her chin and didn’t even meet her eyes.
Tess then realized her mistake.
Because swordsmen and wizards pursue different directions, their personalities are often opposite.
If swordsmen speak and listen as they feel, magicians infer countless meanings from the lines of words. From Amy’s point of view, there was a high possibility that it seemed to disparage Sirone.
“Oops, I’m sorry. I didn’t even know that, and I was just talking about strange things. I didn’t mean to offend you. I would be angry if my lover was treated like this.”
Amy’s face turned red. Clearly, wizards know best how to handle language. But that’s why I wasn’t as immune to this kind of direct apology as a newborn child.
“My, what am I? I didn’t say anything. And I’m not a lover! We are just friends.”
Although she responded bluntly, Amy’s expression was much more relaxed than before.
“Since we met for the first time, it is natural that we do not know each other. I understand Tess because she’s honest, but she doesn’t mean anything. If there is something you want to say in the future, you can do it.”
Rian spoke directly as per his personality. Instead, Sirone and Amy stood still, unable to answer.
For those accustomed to arguing and weighing, the prosecutors’ candid conversation was extremely burdensome.
—————————————

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-1240.txt
=============YYYYY=============
exo universe(4)
On his way to the annex, Constantine evangelized all the humans he met on his way.
“Believe in Kria God.”
“??????yes.”
The people who came into contact with it turned into human beings with expressionless faces.
‘I am……
Constantine was not an opart.
‘It’s God’s agent.’
Perhaps it was fate that he, who was not exposed to the waves of the pyramid, came to have this ability.
‘I’m sorry, Kria God. Was there a lump left? I had doubts that even I did not know.’
Tears flowed.
He believed in the existence of God despite all the doubts in the world, but he was also human.
But now it’s different.
‘I saw it with my own two eyes. I heard it with my own two ears. God’s work, its brilliant evidence.’
If he exists, he can be trusted, and his belief is so absolute that he deserves to be called the Pope.
Therefore, from God’s point of view, his faith also becomes an absolute and unchanging law.
“Whoops, the age of the gods… …
Kneeling before the transcendent absolute, not the world created by humans.
My heart was pounding just by imagining it.
‘The whole world will be dyed in the name of God.’
And beneath that name stands Constantine, himself.
‘A world map country?’ Everyone in the crusade is trying to get a just cause with Constantine’s approval.
“You are talking nonsense.”
He was not interested in the human kingdom.
“1 hour 49 minutes 12 seconds. 11 seconds. 10 seconds.”
I turned around at the sudden voice and saw a ronin coming from around the corner.
His clothes were dirty, and his unwashed hair, which fell down to his shoulders, looked like a corpse.
“Kytra?”
Constantine saw and sensed that a withered snake was coiled around his neck.
‘Why is the King of Paras Kingdom here?’
What does it matter.
“1 hour 48 minutes 42 seconds. 41 seconds. 40 seconds??…
“Hey Kitra.”
In order to make another follower, Constantine reached out to Kitra.
“Praise the god Krea.”
“36 seconds. 35… …
I stopped counting the hours.
“Cria?”
The moment Kitra turned his head, Constantine was shocked to freeze his soul.
“Ahhh… …
Unlike him who was thrilled, Kitra was indifferent.
“God has no name.”
Kneeling with a thump, Constantine collapsed in a position that could no longer be miserable.
It wasn’t Lamie’s etiquette, it was instinct.
“Save me.”
… … this is god
The moment you come into contact with it, the forms, tendencies, and doctrines that humans have imagined become meaningless.
Kitra asked.
“You haven’t lost your mind.”
“My heart is yours alone
all. Write as you wish.”
“Kill Maya.”
‘Maya’?’
I had doubts for a moment, but I didn’t have the courage to ask as I looked up at Kitra.
“I will follow your will.”
As Constantine got up and left the hallway, Kitra turned in the opposite direction.
Until the universe closes… … .
“1 hour 46 minutes 55 seconds. 54 seconds. 53 seconds.”
“Ah ah ah ah ah!” Satiel’s cerebral body screamed.
‘no.’
In the change of the universal law, the angels protected the heart, but nothing changed.
This is because God bypasses innumerable causes and achieves the desired result.
‘What God, the whole, the universe wants
O……’
empty.
In about an hour and a half, based on the photon system, the universe will be scattered in a state smaller than a particle.
After that, to eternal nothingness, and to the realm of infinite nothingness where even that concept cannot exist.
‘It can’t end like this.’
I always fought with the determination to perish, but the pressure I felt now was on a different level.
It’s not because they can’t be resurrected.
‘Even if I perish… …
As long as this universe exists, it will continue forever in someone’s mind.
‘It’s going to be nothing.’ Both the hatred for Ikael and the hatred for Guffin become an instant illusion.
Oh oh oh oh!
As the tremendous law surged in, the psychic bodies of the seven archangels began to scatter into particles.
Ichael resisted with all his might.
‘If I get pushed here, it’s over.’
When the seven archangels and the initial concept were dismantled, the process of dispersing the universe was an instant.
‘It’s big that Yuriel isn’t there. With the 7 concepts, slowing down time is the only thing.’
Even that is not far away.
“Ichael.”
At that moment, a familiar voice was heard.
“Amy?”
“Here.”
Ikael was surprised when Amy, imbued with the sun as the embodiment of fire, connected with the cerebral body.
‘Hoo.’
It was incomparably stronger than before.
“I will help.”
With Amy’s joining, the archangels escaped disbanding, but only gained about an hour.
Ikael spoke frankly.
“sorry. You cannot stop extinction. If Miss Amy is here, she will be in the same situation.”
He wanted to be with Sirone for the rest of his time.
“no. We will survive.”
“what???????”
As the archangel’s mind focused on Amy, she said with a smile.
“Because Sirone is making something amazing.”
“Mika.”
-The construction progress is 87.9546 percent.
It was spectacular.
Whatever it was, it was on a scale that a person born as a human could never see.
The Sirone Spear completely surrounded the sun, leaving only detailed assembly.
‘There’s less than an hour and a half left.’ At the current rate, it would be completed in 3 hours, but at that time there would be no universe.
‘I need to double the speed or more.’
Synchronous events are like ten fingers playing a musical instrument in concert.
In other words, the disappearance of one finger doesn’t mean that the other finger is faster.
‘The material is different.’
It must be the concentration of having to play in real time, as if the sheet music suddenly changes.
In fact, after Apocalypse ended, Sphere’s work speed improved significantly.
‘That’s the remaining 3 hours, but this time it’s on a different level. If you don’t, the simultaneous incident will break.’
Sirone was cautious.
‘If you can only get results, there’s no reason to hesitate. But the problem is…’
Will I be able to make it on time?
If you focus on the material and the simultaneous events are broken, it will be neither one nor the other.
Isn’t that something you have to do?
“Faster.”
After making a decision, Sirone speeded up the work, and the space where the material came out became red hot.
“Great!”
At the realm of one body and one body, the mind became confused, and the basis of simultaneous events began to rise.
shaking
“Ugh!”
At the entrance of the Delta headquarters, Sirone, who was blocking the procession of phosphorus, suddenly grabbed her head.
“Yahweh!”
Southern warriors shouted anxiously, but Sirone raised her head.
‘I won’t give up.’
The moment the procession of phosphorus entered the Delta, Maya would inevitably die.
‘ Maya.’
Imagining her song, Sirone opened her eyes.
“Hand of God.”
When the hands of light with a heart of defense pushed the procession away, the distance of 20 meters widened in an instant.
“Yahweh, you are an error.”
Even in the middle of bumping and rolling, the human kept repeating the same words without a change in expression.
Feeling eerie, Sirone focused her shaking mind on one point.
What brings the two focus points into one.
“It is not an error.”
Although the level of difficulty is similar to the intensity of having to play the first sheet music at high speed.
“It is the heart.”
According to Reina when she was young, Sirone was a pretty good looking kid.
Oh oh oh oh!
When the law and the heart collide again, the procession of seals is pushed endlessly
it was small
“Sirone.”
said Fermi in front of the window.
“I’ll make it anyway. I find the best way out of any situation and do it.”
Seriel replied with a smile.
“You’ve been like that since school days.”
“It’s not just about technology. Cool-headedness, courage to bet, situational awareness to set the standard for betting, calculation speed, diversity that does not limit the number of methods, flexibility to break through the other side when one side is blocked, etc.”
Fermi turned around.
“There are actually a lot of things in what we just call good. Solving problems is the sum of human abilities. And as far as I know, he’s probably the most problem-solving wizard.”
“Why are you all praising Sirone? It’s a bit strange today. What’s really going on?”
Fermi turned around again.
“Maya will die in 10 minutes.”
“what!”
Seriel jumped up.
“What if I say that now, you madman! Are you doing this even though you know that?”
“It is not something that can be prevented. Because God’s will carries through the results. I did everything I could.”
Fermi pointed to the front door.
“Sirone will stop the procession of phosphorus. That’s why I can cheat.”
“Cheat? who?”
“God.” There are times when I think I’m crazy when I talk to someone who has too broad a view.
“When Sirone does it, God takes a detour. It’s a possible strategy because he does it. There are probably many causes that we still don’t know about. And the moment you reach the result God wants.”
Fermi punched the palm of his hand.
“I’m blowing the counter.”
“I can not understand. No, I don’t even want to understand. Is Maya really dying?”
“I don’t know.”
Fermi said quietly, imagining Maya’s song reaching its climax.
“Because even God wouldn’t know.” It’s up to Cayden.
Even after Maya’s voice disappeared, her hallucinations permeated the air in the annex.
The only sound that broke the silence was a low exclamation from here and there in the audience.
Panier lowered the baton.
‘Nice work, Maya.’
And I caught her eyes as she was breathing heavily with an expression that was not yet excited.
‘Now you are the best in the world.’
“bravo!”
As soon as someone stood up and shouted, applause erupted from all sides. Maya’s expression softened.
‘finished.’
In fact, there was no applause, no whistling, no voices congratulating her.
‘I can go home.’
Just the feeling of relief that I had fulfilled my responsibilities made me feel like I had the whole world.
“The best! Maya!”
When I turned my head to the voice I heard backstage, Caden was clapping.
‘that’s right. You were always by my side.’
It was only after the performance was over that the things that had happened to him so far came to reality.
“Huh?????
Maya, who burst into tears belatedly, bowed her head to the audience.
“thank you.”
As the applause grew louder, her colleagues took her by the hand and led her to the center.
“Go ahead, Maya. Because you are the main character.”
Panier smiled as he watched the entertainers respond with a flushed face.
‘You wouldn’t want to do it again.’
Isn’t it harsh to have to fight countless hours of fear for this short moment of joy?
‘Geuk, you’re welcome.’
it can never leave
‘I have no choice but to come back. Because the emotions I feel right now will be more thrilling than the happiness of a lifetime.’
Meanwhile, Kayden backstage was clapping as fervently as the audience.
‘good job. Well done, Maya.’
At that time, my heart overflows when I see her standing side by side with the world’s best artists.
“huh?”
The hand that was clapping involuntarily went down and grabbed the handle of the sword.
No one noticed.
‘what?’
By the fact that on the other side of the unlit stage a man was aiming a crossbow.

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-1241.txt
=============YYYYY=============
Weight of Existence (1)
In the process of processing information from Apocalypse, heads of state had the same question.
‘If I had to kill Maya… …
To what extent does the method of killing apply?
‘What if the assassin is a spy for a certain country? Or what if an indirect murder occurs in a chaotic situation?’
In a situation where the standard is ambiguous, most countries thought that killing with a knife was the most accurate.
‘Crossbowman.’
Originally planned to become a world leader, the Kingdom of Iron had a superpower.
Caden was cautious.
‘Why are you doing that? It’s dangerous. Why is no one stopping you? Could it be that only I am looking?’
Fermi thought.
‘If I hadn’t obtained information from the future, Sirone would not have stopped the procession of phosphorus.’
By now, the audience must have been swept away by the wave of phosphorus, and it is the Iron Kingdom that kills Maya in that chaos.
Also, Fermi thinks.
‘But I knew, and then the Iron Kingdom knew. The Iron Kingdom will not kill Maya.’
There must be not one or two people who felt uncomfortable in the prophecy that they would kill Maya and become the world’s leader.
‘And now all countries are informed.’
If it was defeat the moment you took your foot out, Iron would assume both cases.
‘Since Sirone has blocked the phosphorus wave, of course Iron will try to kill Maya… …
Because Iron is trying to kill Maya.
‘Kayden breaks out of prison.’
This was the future that Fermi envisioned when he revealed information about Apocalypse.
Caden hesitated.
‘I guess I’m the only one who doesn’t know. No, even if you know it, do you just watch it? What event?’
You can’t blame the fear of those who don’t know the future, but his right hand didn’t hesitate.
“Kuk!”
As the magic sword was activated, the sharp atmosphere knocked the crossbowman’s neck off.
‘I really killed him.’
He might not have been an assassin, but even so, his right hand would have moved.
“Kayden?”
As the applause stopped, Maya looked backstage with a puzzled expression.
Then a scream broke out.
“Aww! 人｝, the person is dead! What happened?”
El Qiana shouted.
“What is this? Murderer! What are the guards doing! Hurry up, that person… …
Looking back, she froze.
“uh?”
Hitmen from all over the world came up and took out their weapons and rushed at it.
“Move!”
“Ahhh.”
El Qiana really wanted to get out of the way, but she couldn’t even lift a finger.
Seeing Hitman’s eyes go cold, she instinctively sensed it even in the blink of an eye.
‘Am I dying?’
Just as the blade was about to hit her neck, Reina hugged her by the waist and rolled across the stage.
“You fool! Run quickly!”
“Hick!”
As El Qiana ran toward the exit, Reina inspected the stage that had turned into mayhem.
‘Is this what Ray said? But why are you targeting us? no, what I was aiming for
O……’
The location of the crossbowman suddenly came to mind.
“Maya!”
The moment she shouted, assassins from different countries surrounded Maya and brandished their swords.
‘I have to kill him first.’
“Yaaaa!”
At that moment, with the sound of Cayden’s spirit, a tornado occurred where Maya was.
Maya, who had her eyes closed tight, lifted one eyelid to see Kayden’s wide back.
“are you okay?”
“huh. What are these people?”
“I don’t know why they are targeting you. Just a moment ago… …
With tears in my eyes and applause.
“Is it a magic swordsman?”
Said the man holding the two daggers in reverse.
“It’s a little clumsy.” Of course, they must be the best hitmen, but the reason Caden kept his mouth shut was for another reason.
‘The fate of the Red Cross has weakened.’ At some point, he had a hunch that the fate that had been following him had disappeared.
Even so, the reason why he can use the magic sword is because of his right arm that goes wild.
‘It’s like fighting with one arm. I can’t even control it.’
Cayden decided how to protect Maya in this situation.
“Maya, run away.”
Even the enemies are listening.
“I can’t win.” The only way to motivate Maya was to let go of pride and be honest.
“Kaden… …
“Go quickly! Don’t be annoying!” Since she was never the type to say such a thing, Maya cast a teleportation with tears in her eyes.
“Follow me!”
Hitman moved and Caden blocked his way.
“Yaaaa!”
I tried to put in a strong spirit, but in reality there was nothing I could do other than that.
‘It’s me anyway. I’m moving.’
just don’t realize
‘please??????
He loved Maya more than he thought.
As the blue electricity from the Lightning Impact hit the stage, a series of explosions occurred.
The hitmen, who realized that their power suddenly increased, finally made serious faces.
‘If you delay, you will miss it.’
However, if we were to deal with Cayden, a hitman from another country would snatch the target first.
“Let’s do it together.”
Negotiations were quick because they were the first to judge the situation.
“Kill once, compete again. how is it?”
Since there were no clumsy people, the hitmen expressed their consent by looking back at Cayden.
Caden called for joy.
‘it’s okay.’
The power of the magic sword machine is intact, but the body other than the right arm must move with reason.
‘All you have to do is attack me. Then Maya can escape while I die.’
He prayed sincerely.
“Why don’t you know?” Seriel asked.
“You don’t fight a fight you can’t win. Is there anything in the world that even God does not know?”
“That’s the point.”
Fermi turned away from the window.
“Because not even God knows, no one knows. No one in this universe can ever know.”
what kayden will do
“But the problem is… …
When Fermi confirmed the other day, Cayden’s escape from prison had only the right arm applied.
“It is not a human being. I’m not saying he only has a right hand. A true jailbreak… … Is it possible when you completely escape the prison of your body?”
“The prison of the body.”
“okay.”
Fermi laughed bitterly.
“You don’t know.”
Cayden was terrified.
‘ what?’
His right arm was exquisitely blocking the attacks of the 12 best hitmen.
‘What the hell is this arm?’
Even if it was attached to my body, I couldn’t control it, so I didn’t think it was mine.
The hitmen also gradually wrinkled their expressions.
“It’s quite right.”
Boasting super-fast assassination skills, they had already been unable to win for three minutes.
‘Are you a sword genius? no, it’s weird I’ve never seen swordsmanship like this. It’s impossible to predict.’
Unlike Hitman’s acknowledgment of Cayden, he felt uncomfortable.
‘damn!’
Feeling enslaved to a part of your body.
‘no. Obviously I’m moving. I don’t even have eyes in my hands
go… …
Apparently, he was reacting through the information his eyes were receiving.
‘however.’
Caden cried.
‘Why don’t I know?’
It moves through the brain, so if your right arm can do it, you should be able to do it too.
‘Whatever it is, it’s in me. you’re looking away desperately running away…
The fate of the Red Cross.
Even though the law had changed, Cayden’s heart was still there.
‘damn.’
I hated it so much.
‘I’m not interested in magic and swordsmanship. All I wanted was a painter. I wanted to draw the best Maya!’
At that moment, the hitman’s dagger cut through the back of Caden’s right thigh.
“Keugh!”
“… … I got it.”
This guy has only his right arm.
The moment she left the exit, Maya froze.
El Qiana’s legs are dangling
It floated and was held in the hands of Pope Constantine.
“M-Maya! help me!”
When he took the first step toward her earnest expression, his eyes collided with Constantine.
‘this person… … Not human.’
It felt like I was out of breath.
“It is unusual. you and this girl Does that mean there is no particular reason you want to change’?”
How can I live without regrets?
But all those experiences made her song now, so she was grateful for the present.
“It doesn’t matter.”
Maya’s appearance in front of her right now must have been the result of God’s will.
“die.”
As light shot from Constantine’s hand, El Qiana kicked Maya.
The divine power, which was originally the ability of a perm demon, lightly cut through Maya’s bangs.
El Qiana shouted.
“Run away!”
Maya, who had hit her buttock, asked involuntarily.
“… … why?”
It wasn’t a particularly evil personality, but he wasn’t the one to help others while he was captured.
‘I know. Why did I do that?’ Even I was suspicious.
‘I really hate him. I’m unlucky with a good patient, and my part is also stolen… …
El Qiana said.
“You’d better kill me. That kid shouldn’t die, he’s the protagonist of the temple finale performance.”
Do you know what that means?
“Best in the world… … I mean diva.” If sound contains the heart and information at the same time, her voice is the highest vibration.
Maya burst into tears.
“L… …
The pope cut off.
“Diva?”
And he took a step towards Maya.
“Songs that do not praise God are nothing but heretical sorcery.”
“Kaden!”
Caden, who was kneeling on one knee and swinging his right arm, heard Maya’s voice.
“Maya!”
El Kiana and Maya floated to the left and right of the pope who was spreading the light of divine power.
“Look at all! Proof of God! Power! Fallen humans! Now the age of the gods will open!”
The kings of each country left, but key officials who kept an eye on the situation remained.
‘Isn’t that the Pope? You’re crazy.’
Albino, on the other hand, realized that what was to come had come.
‘Was this one?’
No matter how much you change the cause, you will reach the result God wants.
“Maya dies.”
It cannot be stopped by any reason.
“no!”
Cayden shouted, but now only his right arm was intact.
“Oh God! Please accept my trust!”
When Constantine shouted, her eyes lit up and Maya’s pupils rolled upward.
“Maya! Maya!”
Cayden cursed his fate again.
‘Why me… …
Can’t I have what I want?
“A tough guy.”
Hitman’s attack radius now reached the nape of his neck, but nothing was visible.
‘It’s not even a big wish. Just stay by Maya’s side. That’s all.’
Is it really like that?
” I am??????
Just as Maya’s body shuddered, Cayden clenched his teeth and straightened his knees.
“I really want to.”
Maybe what he wanted wasn’t so simple… … .
“Maya.”
the entire human mind.
The moment Hitman stabbed the last weed, Cayden grabbed the sword with both hands.
Demon Sword – Seomhye.
In an instant, a geometric trajectory emerged brilliantly as if drawn with light on the stage.
“what… … !”
The bodies of the hit men are separated into several pieces at such a speed that they cannot even react.
“Big!”
Even the Pope’s arms were amputated near the elbow, causing Maya and El Qiana to fall.
The albino’s eyes shook in shock.
“how… … ?”
Can the result change?
“Whoa.”
The afterimage of the flash evaporated, and Cayden let out a long breath and slowly turned around.
The pope staggered back.
“you you… …
Omega’s core keyword, Cross Cayden.
“Get away from Maya.”
Break Out Of God’s Prison

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-1242.txt
=============YYYYY=============
Weight of Existence (2)
Right before she lost consciousness, Maya saw a trail of light across her retina.
‘Am I dead?’
After thinking about that for a while, she hurriedly came to her senses when she felt the weight of her body.
“Sirone?”
Maybe it wasn’t like that?
But when her vision returned, Caden was standing in front of her.
“are you okay?”
It was the same friendly tone as usual, but Maya intuitively sensed that something had changed.
“yes. that is… … sorry.”
Cayden just smiled, erased my expression, and walked over to Constantine.
“Why did you try to kill Maya?”
“Big!”
Both arms were cut off, but there was no bleeding due to divine power.
‘Nothing.’
I didn’t even care about the pain.
‘Because God exists.’
Evidence from the outside world makes all value in reality meaningless.
“I am not afraid even of death.” In front of Constantine, who raised his divine power with life as fuel, a golden shield was born.
“Army of God.”
The ability of the pope, who is called the only person who can stand against Satan within Lamie religion.
Of course, Habitz ignored it, but Constantine’s record in the Demon War was a record.
“Come in, heretic.”
Cayden didn’t move.
As if standing in front of a loaded bow, a sense of tension was felt inside the shield of light.
‘maybe… … Something like a spear.’
Cayden’s intuition was correct.
As soon as it enters the radius, a spear of light will pop out between the shields and create a honeycomb.
That was the ability of the strongest Lamie religion.
said Caden.
“You were once respected by the world. Go back and get treatment now.”
Constantine’s eyes turned friendly.
“Whoops. young people.”
And immediately, with madness in his eyes, he gritted his teeth and took a step forward.
“There is no home for me here.”
Uncountable number of spears of light jumped out from between the gaps in the shield at tremendous speed.
And Cayden moved before the spear had even advanced ten centimeters.
Demon Sword – Island Bone (Wandering Flash).
A light flashed.
The flashes were so fast and light that they broke at sharp angles dozens of times, as if lost.
“omg!”
When they finally reached their destination, golden line art was spread out on the stage.
“sorry.”
I didn’t want to spend it this way.
“Because the sword is too light.”
The length of Constantine’s spear extended was only 13.7 cm.
“Kkeuk??????
Red blood gushed out of Constantine’s body and fell apart into dozens of pieces.
Officials in each country had the same idea.
‘What is that monster again?’
The prophecy of the future was wrong, and another powerful enemy that was difficult for the kingdom to deal with appeared.
“Go back.”
Albino stood up from his seat.
“It was a good finale.”
Isn’t it the end that fits the end of the human race?
As those who held their breath and looked at the situation left, Reina looked back at the darkness.
‘lie.’
Thanks to Caden, she didn’t get much hurt, but her brother was still protecting her.
‘The wound must be great.’
Reina had also learned swordsmanship at one time, so she expected the level of shock Lai would receive.
‘Just remember this. Whether you’re good or bad, you’re family.’
Because that’s Ogent.
When Reina, who was considerate of her younger sister, left the annex, Rai also quietly disappeared into darkness.
‘glare.’
There was also such a level.
‘It cuts the fastest. cut the most secretly cut the most powerful Most, most, most.’
What on earth did he do when everyone was striving for one path?
‘damn.’
perhaps… … He felt that the true shame of the Ogent family was himself.
Meanwhile, Kayden, who had come down the stage, moved toward Maya, who was dodging toward the audience seats.
“Maya.”
It seemed like he knew what Caden would say, just like when he saved him from the demon Miyo.
“i love you.”
Maya replied with prepared words.
“sorry. As I said before, I’m still ready… …
“I mean it.”
Maya raised her head.
“I will not run away any longer. If you can’t accept it, I’ll stop asking in your heart. It will be difficult and difficult to endure, but I will fully bear it and live.”
“Kaden… …
For the first time, his words stuck in my heart.
‘Throw everything.’
As Cayden approached, Maya’s head became as urgent as her beating heart.
‘What do we do?’
It was time for her to make a choice.
‘Can I do this?’
A substitute for sirone or a lifesaver would only leave scars on each other.
” I am??????
The moment I said my first words, all the memories from the day I met Cayden until now.
‘Sirone.’
assured her
‘Thank you.’
Finally able to smile, Maya closed her eyes and Kayden kissed her.
El Qiana’s eyes widened as she sat on the stage.
“They are playing a lot.”
But that was for a while, and soon he smiled and sent a vague gaze.
“Yes, love is good.”
Destiny is… … Does it really exist?
Although Cayden did achieve what he wanted for the first time beyond his Red Cross destiny.
Was his escape from his heart, or was it simply because the law had changed.
We are still just lost children in the universe, and those who hold the correct answer in their hands “Beep beep!” There was only God.
“Beep! Beep! Beep! Beep beep!” Shortly after Constantine’s death, Kitra knelt in his hallway and made a strange noise.
“Beep! beep! Beep! beep!”
Calculation not possible! Calculation not possible! Calculation not possible! Calculation not possible!
It was a contradiction in that no matter how many imaginary functions were substituted, the desired result could not be derived.
“Beep beep”
He explored the infinite universe.
In minus time, the birth and death of the universe is only an instant, so the calculation time is zero.
“Beep hee hee.”
The probability that the outcome of the end of the universe would be correct was transmitted to Kitra’s brain.
99.9999999999… … percent.
“beep… …
The sound stopped for a while.
If he were a human, he would believe in the overwhelming win rate and push forward.
“Extract]. beep.”
God cannot be trusted because he has no heart.
Even after repeating the same calculation countless times, 100 percent did not come out, so the route was split in two.
1. Repeat the calculation until 100 percent is obtained under the current system.
2. Change the system through learning.
These were the two conditions for reaching the concept of perfection.
execution.
Blue electricity flashed in Kitra’s eyes as he calculated both cases at the same time.
“Beep hee hee!”
Is this the scream of a god, or is it just a system alarm?
“Beep hee hee!”
Clearly, the god of the outside world seemed unable to put his heart into the sound.
Green Ocean.
In the midst of a fierce battle between the 12 apostles and the ordinary angels, the charter turned sharply.
Blitz’s eyes flashed.
‘Win.’
As the number of fairies fell to less than half, it was the point at which a small number of elites shined.
“Power asymmetry is deepening. If we keep going like this, the fairies will soon be wiped out.’
The little creatures that enforced the laws of heaven would later come out of fairy tales.
and the same time.
The elf’s hideout was in a state of ruin.
“Fight! That’s not Erin!”
The crown, ‘riding’ Erinn’s body, was killing elves at nearly one per second.
“haha.”
Erin smiled coldly.
“Is it too easy?”
Enox, the head of the elves, asked.
“Who are you?”
“I don’t know?”
Crown approached with open arms.
“It’s me, Erin.”
Enoch wrinkled his face, but his legs were still immobilized in the ground.
‘Victory is not important.’
It was a battle to see who would go extinct first.
“Protea.”
Enox said to the chief of the fire tribe.
“Take as many as you can and run away. There is a future only if one more person survives.”
Only a few dozen elves and fire tribes remained.
‘Because the lifespan is unnecessarily long.’ What had he been doing without thinking of breeding for an eternity of time?
‘Sing songs, celebrate nature, and share discourse.’
Enox realized.
‘is it?’
Man’s ridiculously short lifespan, powerful sexual desire, and insatiable greed O…
‘I thought it was pathetic sometimes.’
From the point of view of the species, it was the strength to maintain and develop the species even in numerous crises.
“Protea.”
Enox grabbed his sword and shouted.
“go!”
At the powerful cry, Protea gave herself up to extreme passivity and shouted.
“follow me!”
At the same time, Enox charged Erin.
“Estacion!”
Thousands of sharp winds swept everywhere, and fresh blood spurted from Enox’s neck.
“Because I can’t.”
Erin, who was far away, brushed off the blood on her sword and chased after the Hwajok.
Looking up at the sky, Enox thought.
‘strong.’
I vaguely felt that it was a crown, but I didn’t even think of it as an elf or fairy.
‘The Third Race:
There was no regret.
‘Because it’s natural for the strong race to survive.’
Red blood began to spread quickly and slowly at the place where the upper body collapsed with a thump.
‘Yahweh.’
What remains at the end of life… … .
‘Please save the fire people.’ It was only faith.
Having annihilated the elves, Crown wiped the blood from his cheeks.
‘Is it a draw?’
The fairy would have been wiped out by now, but he was no longer a fairy anyway.
“You are the last.”
Crown approached Protea.
“This is also a historic moment, so let me say something. Speak the will of the tribe.”
“… … You made a big mistake. The Hwajok is the world’s only hope. You will definitely regret it.”
“Don’t write it down.”
Protea’s head fell with a single blade.
“With the ferocity of extinct creatures.”
Thus, the tribal war came to an end, leaving only the third human beings who were neither elves nor fairies.
“I am superior.”
What the Crown wants is to control humanity from the highest point in the human world.
‘That is the fate of the Illuminati.’
It was the role of a control tower balancing between gods and humans.
“I will go to the temple.”
He does not know that there is only about an hour left until the end of mankind.
When he finds out, will Crown take the side of God or the side of humans?
“Because I will rule the world.”
Although perfection was broken by jailbreak, Shin’s win rate was still 99.99%.
Son Yu-jeong, who opened the way for Lete, sat in the wilderness and did not move.
In a choice that would determine the fate of the universe, her hair had been grayed out.
“Yoojung.”
Mortasinger put her on the shoulder.
“You made the right choice. Yahweh said Everyone has right in their heart/
“no.”
Son Yoo-jung shook her head.
“It is not right. I couldn’t afford it. That the universe will disappear because of my choices, I can’t decide. So, that’s why I handed it over to Yahweh.”
“Yoo Jung-ah… …
Son Yu-jeong cried and turned her head.
“How do you hold on?”
When the choice had to be made, she realized what Shiro was carrying.
“How can Yahweh withstand the weight of all beings, something that even death cannot take responsibility for?”
What are you responsible for?

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-1243.txt
=============YYYYY=============
Weight of Existence (3)
Hall of Evil.
After hearing about the birth of good and evil, Sirone and the others left Lilith’s room and walked down the hallway.
“How many evils are there?” Cain said.
“In these halls, evil exists from the beginning to the end. I don’t intend to rank it, but it’s kind of like a ranking? Most evils only have one line of record.”
Every room in the hallway was a study, and the size of the room could not be judged through the door.
“The really powerful evil has a special solitary confinement, but oh, here’s Harvits too. Quite high. Ranked 7th. If this is enough, my mother will be able to do it.”
The group didn’t answer.
“Usually recorded in rooms arranged in chronological order. It would take quite a walk to see the evils of our time.”
Sirone found another solitary portrait.
‘Mr. Minerva.’
I don’t intend to rank it, but it was ranked 87th in the order of the rooms. said Iruki.
“We don’t have time.”
“know. You must be meeting Gyorgi. That guy is holding onto a woman named Seina.”
Now that the world is being engulfed by Lamie religion, Seina is absolutely necessary.
‘A person who will certify the whole story of the Holy See.’
Cain turned.
“Are you okay? I don’t know, but Gyorgi is eager. to kill you.”
Sirone said.
“It’s something I’m responsible for. Giyorgi is a demon born from my emotions.”
“It’s your responsibility.”
It was a word not befitting evil.
“Definitely resemblance. Somehow, Giyorgi didn’t look like a demon. well, good I will watch.”
end of an era.
“Now, this is the era you all lived in. Wait, was there one of them?”
Cain turned to Curtis and pointed to the room.
“Anyway, since you came to the core, you should get an award. Why don’t you go in and erase your criminal record?”
When there was no answer, Sirone called.
“Mr. Curtis.”
“No, it’s okay. ‘Cause now it doesn’t matter let’s just go Whatever you want to punish.” As the group stubbornly stayed in front of the room, Curtis shouted with a frown.
“okay! damn! i killed it! I killed those flowery children! Are you disgusted? Then hate it!”
said Pena.
“You really love those girls… …
“We were in love!” He knelt down and tore his hair.
“Me and Nia were really in love. yes, cheating A man with a wife played with his daughter’s friend, so he wouldn’t look human! But my life… … !”
“Why did you kill him?”
Sirone asked the main point.
Realizing that anything he said was just a rationalization, Curtis dropped everything.
“Edrina, Nia, Belita, and Daisy have been friends since childhood. I was having an affair with Nia. But her daughter found out about her thread. It was Nia’s fault. There was a small argument, but in a fit of heat… … You have spoken her words.”
Perhaps she too wanted to give up the opportunity as an excuse.
“That was the day of the trip. Actually, I was supposed to meet Nia on the trip. I told her wife to patrol the area. Because it’s common for detectives. But in the end, Edrina found out everything… …
“You didn’t go on a trip.”
“okay. I separated from her friends and went to the square. I went looking for the villa address written on the bulletin board. And from there… … He died by hanging himself.”
“How do you know? According to a fellow detective, he couldn’t have committed suicide… …
“Knot.”
Curtis’s hands trembled.
“It is not a noose tied with a hunting knot. It’s a knot method where you twist it once more and put a loop on it. First, I would have stepped on the footrest and tied an old rope to the ceiling pipe. Then hang it by hand to break the line. Remove the scaffolding again and lock the warehouse door from the inside. That’s how the secret room is completed.”
A scene flashed in the mind of the group.
“Edrina would have settled down and lay down as if she had fallen. And if you tie a rope around her own neck with that knot and pull it hard… …
The line does not come loose.
“I left like that. my daughter… … Curtis imagines again.
I saw my daughter lying on the cold floor of the warehouse, waiting for death with her neck strangled.
A single tear she must have shed.
“I… …
Curtis turned his head and burst into tears.
“This is the knot I taught you.”
“Ever since I was little, Edrina liked that I was an older brother. She must have thought that she would become an apostle of justice who beats up villains. In reality, she is just an old man who does all sorts of chores to somehow live a decent life.”
The moment he first found Edrina’s body, he remembered memories of his daughter’s eight years old.
“우리 딸, 이리 와 봐.”
“왜, 아빠?”
“자, 두 손 내밀어 봐. 재밌는 거 가르쳐 줄게.”
꼬맹이의 하얀 손목을 매듭으로 묶 은 커티스는 한 번 더 꼬아서 고리 를 걸었다.
“짜잔!”
“어? 뭐야? 이거 왜 안 풀려?”
“하하하! 어때?”
커티스가 옆구리를 간지럽히자 자 지러지게 웃던 에드리나가 보챘다.
“그만해! 빨리 풀어 줘! 혼내 준 다!”
“자, 이것 봐.”
딸을 무릎에 앉힌 커티스는 매듭 사이에 걸린 고리를 엄지로 벗겨 냈 다.
“이렇게 한 번 튕기기만 하면 풀리 게 되지. 수갑법이라는 거야. 마술사 들이 쓰는 거지.”
“우와! 아빠, 나도 가르쳐 줘. 웅?
응‘?”
“좋아. 그럼 또 해 볼까?” “……풀 수 있었어.”
커티스는 영혼이 붕괴된 느낌이었 다.
“그 순간에도 마음을 바꿨다면, 손 쉽게 풀 수 있었다고. 그런데 왜…… 으아아아!”
땅을 치며 오열하는 모습을 잠시 지켜보던 이루키가 의문을 던졌다.
“형사들이 매듭을 발견하지 못한 건………
“내가 풀었어.”
처음 시체를 발견했을 때 커티스의 손은 저절로 수갑법을 해제하고 있 었다.
“죄를 덮으려고 한 건 아니야. 불 륜 따위, 딸이 죽은 마당에 무슨 상 관이야? 모르겠어. 너무 안타까워 서, 저 매듭 하나, 그냥 풀면 되는 데. 도저히 믿을 수가 없어서, 혹시 라도 딸이 살아나지 않을까 하 고……
“하지만 죽였잖아요.”
에드리나의 친구 니아, 벨리타, 데 이지를.
“내 딸이 죽어 가고 있을 때, 나는 니아와 만나기로 한 여행지에서 기 다리고 있었지.”
또 다른 장소의 사건이다.
“따로 만나기로 했는데, 친구들을 다 데리고 오더군. 짜증이 났지만, 이제 보니 딸이 없는 거야. 어떻게 된 일이냐고 물었더니 니아가 다 끝 났다고 말하더군.”
커티스가 고개를 돌렸다.
“그때 심정이 어땠을 것 같아? 딸 에게 딸의 친구와 놀아난 것을 들킨 아빠의 심정이. 난 불같이 화를 냈 고, 니아와 말다툼을 벌였지. 니아는 내 아내를 걸고 협박했어. 내 가정 을 풍비박산 내겠다고.”
불륜의 끝은 늘 그런 식이지만.
“난 우선 딸부터 만나야겠다고 생 각했어. 하지만 니아를 그대로 둘 수도 없었지. 친구들도. 그래서 별장 다락방에 가둔 거야. 돌아왔을 때 없으면 가만두지 않겠다고 으름장을 놓았더니 겁을 좀 먹은 것 같더군.”
“그렇다고 해도 빠져나갈 수 있었 을 텐데요.”
“정말 생명의 위협을 느꼈다면, 뭐. 2층이지만 창문도 열려 있었고. 하 지만 그냥 그런 거였어. 어제까지 불타는 밤을 보냈고, 늘 하는 말싸 움이었다고. 이번에는 가정이 걸려 서 좀 심각했을 뿐이지. 니아도 기 다릴 생각이었을 거야. 비싼 돈 주 고 빌린 별장이니까. 친구들과 내 험담이나 실컷 하면서 말이야. 벨리 타와 데이지는 흥미진진했겠지.”
시로네가 말했다.
“하지만 결국 딸을 만나지는 못했 군요.”
“약속 장소였던 시프 광장으로 갔 지. 아는 상인이 말하기를 게시판을 초조하게 보고 있었다더군. 별장 임 대 광고였어. 빈집이라 좀 이상했지 만, 한편으로는 돈도 없는 딸이 지 낼 곳은 거기밖에 없겠다 싶더라고. 형사 딸이라 그런지 겁도 없고 유별 난 구석이 있었어. 그래서 내 친구 라이버를 불렀지. 자세한 얘기는 쪽 팔려서 말 못 하지만, 정말로 지역 순찰을 갔다는 알리바이 정도는 꾸 며 줄 수 있으니까. 하지만 그 별장 에서 우리가 본 건……
딸의 시체였다.
“그다음은 설명할 필요 없겠지. 제 정신이 아니었다는 핑계는 대지 않 을게. 처음엔 충동적이었어. 하지만 그다음에는 어떤 유혹이 들더군. 없 었던 일로 돌릴 수 있지 않을까 하 는. 난 그냥 살인자야. 어떻게 하면 수사망을 피할 수 있는지 빠삭한, 그런 살인자.”
벽에 기댄 커티스는 담배를 꺼냈 다.
“보통의 미제 사건은 다 그런 식이 야. 개연성 바깥에 있는 우연들 말 이야. 삶에 대한 집착은 엄청나지. 미제 사건으로 처리되자 그래도 살 아야 하지 않나 싶었어. 어떻게 지 냈는지 사실 기억도 나지 않아. 그 러다가…… 내가 근무하는 곳으로 한 통의 편지가 왔어.”
칙, 담배에 불이 붙었다.
-아빠의 잘못이 아니에요.
“후우.”
천장을 향해 연기를 뿜어낸 커티스 가 말했다.
“수치스러워서 견딜 수가 없었어. 잊고 싶었을 뿐이야. 그냥 죽으면 되는데, 내가 없어져도 내가 한 짓 은 여전히 남아 있을 것 같더라고. 그게 너무 찜찜해서, 아예 지워 버 리고 싶어서 멜키두에 온 거야.”
에드리나 사건의 전말이었다.
“그만 가. 나는 남을 테니까. 죗값 은 걱정하지 않아도 돼. 나에게 남 은 건 하나니까.”
그는 기록을 말소하고 목숨을 끊을 생각이었다.
딸이 죽은 수갑법으로.
‘그러면 되는 거지, 에드리나?’
커티스는 악의 전당에 담배꽁초를 던졌다.
“사는 거 엿 같네, 진짜.”
“그러니까 살아.”
페나가 다가갔다.
“죽으면 뭐가 달라지냐? 세상에는 죽음으로 책임질 수 없는 일도 있는 거야.”
커티스도 모르는 건 아니었다.
“그래서 어떡하라고? 감옥에서 평 생 썩는다고 눈이라도 깜빡할 것 같 아?”
수도 파르메의 감옥도 커티스의 죄 책감에 비하면 살 만한 곳이었다.
“……모르지. 그래서 죄잖아. 책임 질 수 없기 때문에, 하면 안 되는 거.”
Pena continued.
“How did you feel when your daughter died? you’re doing the same thing now If you die like that, what will happen to us who leave you behind? If you’re going to die, die alone in an unknown place, man. Please take some responsibility.”
She looked back at Sirone and the others.
“I will stay. Don’t worry and go. I will never let you just die.”
After thinking for a moment, Sirone turned around.
“let’s go.”
As the group disappeared, led by Cain, Curtis, who was left alone with Pena, spoke.
“It was a good performance.”
“what?”
“Expunge the record and run away. Core is real. You can get on a boat or whatever and find a new life.”
It’s not that I haven’t thought about it, to be honest.
“it’s okay. I want to stop.”
“what?”
Pena sat next to Curtis.
“There must be many people who have been hurt because of me. What I felt after coming here is that there is no such thing as a new life. If I don’t change, my life will be the same no matter what happens.”
There is no such thing as a holy place for demons.
“then… … What now?”
“Let’s stay still. Let’s not think about what to do. we screwed up You accept whatever judgment the world makes. with a heart of atonement. Nothing will change, but… … Pena spoke while holding back her tears.
“You don’t have to take responsibility for the sins you didn’t take responsibility for.”
guilt not accountable.
“… … Right.”
In the Halls of Evil, Curtis turned to heaven.
‘I’m sorry.’
I ruined everything.
‘So, my God.’
If there really is such a thing as a god, if that god has a mind like a human being.
‘please??????
don’t forgive me

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-1244.txt
=============YYYYY=============
Weight of Existence (4)
In front of the exit of the Hall of Evil, Cain turned around.
“Here it is. Follow this road and you will see the church. Giyorgi is there.”
Sirone and the others looked beyond the door.
There was a beautiful grove outside the hall, and over the grove I could see a spire with a bell hanging on it.
Cain continued.
“I made Melkidoo’s system, but in fact, they are the true owners of this place. Satanism.”
Nade asked.
“What are you going to do?”
Anyway, the first murderer, the back of his head would itch if he left it like this.
“don’t worry. Of course, I am evil, but as I said before, I am more of a scholar who majored in evil.”
Cain said, stepping back.
“I will be watching. The final battle between good and evil that my mother and I created. When evil triumphs, I will no longer have to hide in a place like this.”
“What if good wins?”
At Iruki’s question, Cain thought for a moment.
“well.”
and said
“Is there such a thing as victory for good?”
As Cain disappeared into the hallway without leaving meaningful words, Sirone looked back at his friends.
“You’re here at last. From now on, it will not be Melkidoo’s system. It’s a real battle.”
The eyes of Iruki, Nade, and Eden changed.
“let’s go.”
From a distance, the Satanist monastery seemed no different from other monasteries.
However, as they got closer, the decorations, stone statues, and paintings carved on the walls all turned against each other.
“It is terrible.”
The group passed the fountain.
‘It’s usually for small children to pee.’
The decoration of Satanism was the form of a squatting pregnant woman screaming with her hands on her belly.
“Ugh!”
And the fountain of blood exploded.
Nade, who was about to step back in disgust, flinched and then looked at him with cold eyes.
turned the dog
There was a foul smell from the blood soaking the body, but no one evaded the seat.
“Gyorgi.”
The leaders and leaders of Satanism opened the church door and were approaching them.
‘Gyorgi, Gultan, Marit, Eufrapus’
There was a person Sirone was looking for next to the 4 demons who specialized in defeating the Great Yah.
“Miss Seina.”
Her eyes, already influenced by Satanism, were red like blood. said Giyorgi.
“You are finally here. How does it feel to tour the Holy Land of Evil? It’s a pretty nice place, isn’t it?”
“Give Seina back. that’s all i want There’s no point in fighting now.”
Gyorgi knew that the end was imminent.
“It was pretty close. It seems you didn’t spend your time in Melkidu in vain. But it is wrong.”
Giyorgi opened the Devil’s Bible.
“Asuka Agreement Chapter 7, Section 2. far above
Lie and crawl under The obscenity is there.”
Giyorgi’s shadow split in two and then a huge hand stretched out.
‘Is it the ability to break the light?’
As Sirone balanced the hand with the Hand of God, Marit, the guru of Satanism, stepped up.
“The emblem (magic statue).”
It was embarrassing to look at the form created by the unity of human demonic energy.
Eden wrinkled his brow.
‘I don’t know what it is, but I really hate it.’
However, now that I knew the birth of good and evil, I could understand the sexual feeling.
‘If I expressed the feelings I felt when Lilith crossed the forbidden line in form, would it be like that?’
On the other hand, Sirone paid attention to the emblem itself.
‘The emblem collects the demons of Satanists. And attack with the ability of Euphrates.’
The memory of the emblem’s spear piercing the Hand of God and being lodged in his side flashed by.
‘It’s a weapon like Yahweh’s natural enemy.’
It is because the emotions of humans who deny Yahweh are condensed, not those of the demons.
“Mika.”
_yes.
Because Melkidu’s core is real, it connected with Mika.
‘How many followers of Satanism?’
-To date, the number of followers of Satanism is 1,273,018,388 worldwide.
At that time, the spear of the emblem that pierced the side had the power of about 30 million people.
‘I won’t last this time.’
Even if his life could be saved, the realm of Yahweh would be torn to pieces.
-Due to the influence of Emotional Disease, the number of Satanists rose steeply to the 1.1 billion level. However, growth has slowed due to the recent special wave.
It was a human wave.
said Euphrapus, the elder of Satanism.
“Yahweh, admit defeat. You couldn’t prevent the emotional sickness or the change of the law. Why don’t you know that it is not good and children that rule the world, but evil and emptiness?”
Iruki accepted.
“You guys can’t beat the ball anyway. If we keep going like this, everything will be over.” Gultan said with a bashful laugh.
“doesn’t care. When that’s over, if you disappear together, that’s it. If someone blocks you, stop doing it again. It’s you guys that I regret anyway, not us.”
While the members of the Catacombs laughed, only Gyor looked uncomfortable.
He said.
“Yahweh.”
the one who abandoned me
“This is your last chance.”
The moment he finished speaking, as if he had promised, Seina moved and stood in front of Sirone.
“This woman was baptized by Satan. She is closer to us than any human being.”
Eden shouted.
“Stop talking nonsense! You guys brainwashed me!”
“It’s the same for each other.”
“what?”
Giyorgi was silent.
“If you want to save Seina, do so. But you will be killed by the demon’s spear.”
said Nade.
“Hmph, do you think we’ll let it go like that?”
“I don’t know. What is clear is that time is running out. If you guys lose here… …
Giyorgi opened the Devil’s Bible.
“There is no Ultima.”
As soon as the words were finished, Seina charged and Shirone and the others scattered left and right.
‘damn!’
Until the end of mankind, another hour.
The end of the previous dream.
Yorahhan’s spirit was in Drimo, but her body was still wandering in the world.
how many years have passed
“Sanchi! Sanchi!”
The journey of the two traveled around the world countless times and reached a village deep in the mountains of the East.
“Kiaaa! I will avenge you! Weighty things! do you dare kill me How dare you guys?”
The 17-year-old girl’s face was badly damaged, and all the thread veins were coming up on her cheeks.
“Sanchi! Please come to your senses!”
While Sanchi’s mother sobbed, an old woman in the village frantically shook the rice container.
“Lord of the Earth! Please help this child! May I find freedom from evil demons!”
“Big!”
The corners of Sanchi’s mouth, which had been wriggling in pain, were torn, and a muddy laugh leaked out.
“Quack. Kkkkkkkkk!”
Fear flickered in the old woman’s eyes.
“Haaaaagh!”
As if she had seen a vision, she fell backwards and said with unfocused eyes.
“You, such an evil ghost… …
“Try to do something!”
Sanchi’s mother cried out earnestly, but the people gathered in the yard did not move.
“Even the old woman who is the most magical in the village is like that. How do we catch ghosts?”
“Ah, then our daughter… …
“excuse me.”
When the people turned around, there was a man standing in front of them wearing iron armor.
“Aww! It’s a goblin!”
“I can feel the energy of evil. If it doesn’t bother you, may I take a look?”
It was clearly a man’s voice, but somehow it was neutral, and there was no malice.
“help!”
Everyone was terrified, but the mother who was about to lose her daughter wanted to grab at a straw.
“My daughter was bitten by a ghost! please please… … !”
Armand entered the shabby house with heavy footsteps clap and clap.
“Kiyi! what else are you?”
He has traveled all over the world and inspired many evils, but this time it was of a new kind.
‘Evil evolves too. It’s an endless fight.’
Armand said.
“Get away from that child. Your place is where rivers of fire flow and skies of fire and brimstone are.”
“Kihehehe! You’re talking bullshit! What’s the matter with the two bitches burying me alive?”
‘Is it a grudge?’
Obsessed with grievous memories, he was a demon caught on the boundary between reality and the other world.
“I understand how you feel, but that was a long time ago. Those who hurt you must have already become white bones.”
“How do you know! My anger, my hatred… … !” Armand placed his hand on Sanchi’s chest.
‘Small world creation.’
“Quaaaaaaaa!”
People were frightened by the terrible screams, but soon Sanchi fell asleep.
“iced coffee! our daughter!”
Armand said as the mother crawled.
“It is not over yet.”
Having recited that, Armand faced the spirit of resentment that was connected to him as one.
In the dark and deep space of the heart.
“Kihehe! Now I see that you are also dead. Can you possess like me?”
The grudge was a form of rotten flesh with dozens of tentacles instead of limbs.
Perhaps it was embodied in the form of fear and struggle when buried alive.
“It’s better. The living ones keep trying to kick them out. Now this body is mine.”
The eyes of the grudge that arrived at Armand, filming the darkness with its tentacles, widened.
“what… … ?”
S’geunrut Swirut
One ‘?- – ? o , ‘ ? O?
The figure of a woman sharpening a knife, but on the other side, all sorts of monsters were mixed.
“Are you here?”
In terms of grotesqueness, even Han-gwi, who had confidence in himself, was terrified in front of this sight.
“What are you?”
“Stop lingering and cross the river of fire. Lethe of Oblivion will give you rest.”
“Are you going to throw away your lingering feelings?”
The grudge’s face contorted.
“What are you!”
And the moment Armand stung his tentacle, a huge wave of emotions rushed in.
“omg!”
“Forgive them.”
i will forgive you too
In the space of the heart, Armand calmly accepted the desire and obsession of the spirit of resentment.
It is indeed a disgusting and repulsive process.
‘Right, Jorahhan?’
she could smile
When the small world creation was released, her mind returned from the dark space to reality.
“It is done now. Your daughter is fine.” The moment the armor knight got up and left, people fell flat.
“Heaven! Please protect our village!”
‘celestial.’
Armand stretched out the tentacles, which were the bodies of the demons of resentment, in all directions from the gaps in the armor.
“Ahh!”
While people backed away in surprise, she walked calmly down the open road.
“I am just a lost man.”
Hundreds of years have passed since then.
“ha! ha!” In the wilderness without a single blade of grass, Armand could no longer walk and got down on one knee.
‘It’s the limit.’
He had developed his ability by swallowing the horse, but now he could not stand it alone.
“I am… … Now it becomes a sword.”
She imprinted on herself as an object.
“Those who have the magic sword will win the world. Good people, bad people, and even ghosts can wield me.”
please.
“… … I want to be a good person.” Her lonely monologue will ride her wind and lead her to her sirone in the future.
‘It’s been hard, honey. Now I… … I think I can let you go.’
Parting with Jung In is always sad.
As the Diamond Armament was lifted, a sword was firmly imprinted on the stone floor in the wilderness.
Then the corpse, kneeling on one knee, began to dissolve like dust and tossed in the wind.
‘hi.’
Yorahhan.

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-1245.txt
=============YYYYY=============
Terrible Truth (1)
Satan’s Church.
Seina rushed at Sirone across the garden where blood was pouring like rain.
“Demon sword Astacia.”
The fact that her sword, which should have been a holy sword by nature, is wrapped around dark red demonic energy O
“Miss Seina! Wake up!”
It was not simply brainwashing or hypnosis, but proof that the mind was inclined to evil.
“I’m sorry, Sirone.”
Magi burned like flames in her body.
‘It’s gotten stronger.’
Sirone gritted his teeth at the power that was incomparable to the existing divine power.
‘Gyorgi. You son of a bitch.’
“I stabbed the penitent Maximus. I have nowhere else to go back to.”
“That was a mistake.”
It is only the result of Gultan’s mental art.
“no.”
Seina shook her head.
“It is rather the opposite. I wanted to kill Maximus. But my face, fear, and the shell of being a paladin were blocking my heart.” “That is the truth. The human heart wants to be good, but it wants to ruin everything. There is no such thing as a mind that is forever biased to one side or the other.”
said Giyorgi.
“It’s no use. Seina’s conviction is as strong as your conviction is unbreakable. Of course, if it were you, you would do it. You can do that if you want. However, you will die too.”
The demon’s spear was about to fly.
“This is the ability Seina has been given. Chapter 7, Section 2 of the Asuka Agreement. The effect… … With my life as collateral, I raise the target’s ability to the limit imaginable.”
It was a feature of the dark attribute.
“do not worry. Because the universe is not destroyed. No one can imagine anything like that. Asuka used Satan’s temptation to experiment on the human mind. How far can a man run when he is given money that never runs dry?”
It must have been a hidden code similar to Siok.
“That’s just about it, the human imagination. I don’t even know how to deal with the delusion of buying the universe when it becomes a reality. Most of those subjected to Asuka’s experiments only produced results that were tediously consistent. Do you know what?”
“… … I would have bought everything.”
“okay. In other words, you could only buy what someone was ‘selling’. Only a few humans have done something interesting to escape the notion of ‘buy what you sell’. But they also failed because of a lack of imagination.”
Of course, like Satan’s temptation, after waking up from a dream, he was taken to hell.
“These things are recorded in the Book of Asuka. Of course, you and I can imagine much bigger things, but we can’t use this ability on ourselves. The subject of imagination is Seina.”
Sirone looked away again.
‘Is it the limit of what normal humans can imagine?’
That alone would be the best in the world, but some characters are on the verge of breaking beyond common sense.
“… … What are you thinking?”
Since Sirone was also an apostate, he could not readily understand Giyorgi’s choice.
‘The reason why I chose Asuka Chapter 7:2 out of countless abilities.,
Is it really the most powerful card that Katicom, which specializes in warfare against Yahweh, can offer?
“What do you suspect? You can’t attack Seina. If you see an empty gap, even for a moment, a demonic spear will fly in. Then it is our victory.”
“lie. Seina-san can’t catch me. you would know better What are your real intentions? Why did you have to capture Seina-san? There must be a stronger way to kill me.”
“No, there is not.”
Gyorgi shook his head.
“The many enemies you’ve faced so far have figured out the best way to kill you. but nobody made it In the battle of efficiency versus efficiency, your history is invincible. but i know you Because I am your demon You can’t attack Seina. So this is the most powerful way… …
On the one hand.
“Come now… … How about something?” At the point where the end of the world is right in front of his eyes, he wants to know clearly.
‘The heart of Yahweh, and the heart that Yahweh has abandoned.’
Perhaps it was more important than winning or losing for Gyorgi.
“Sirone!”
As I flinched at Nade’s voice, Maryu’s spear hit the spot where Sirone had been.
“I will stop you.”
Eden moved and blocked Sirone.
‘Strategy to target Sirone’s gap. I have to block one shot, even if I risk my life.’
With Jorah’s pride.
While Sirone and the others moved at the same time, Seina swung her sword.
It was obviously the strongest blow that humans could imagine, but Sirone found a momentary gap.
‘Hey there!’
Gyorgi laughed bitterly.
‘invincibility.’
If Catacombs made a mistake, it was that it overlooked the speed of Sirone’s growth.
‘Now this level is handled by intuition. Yes, you are the strongest in this world.’
At one time, he too was a sirone.
-Why did you abandon me?
When I was first born in Yahweh’s demon, the first idea that came to my mind was this.
-If Yahweh is right, why am I here? If we’re wrong, shouldn’t we have existed in the first place?
Can what exists be false?
‘Win.’
Seeing public love beyond good and evil is the same as Yahweh, but unfortunately, the tendency is the opposite.
‘Yahweh, this is my last card.’
Feeling Sirone’s agape seeping into Seina, Giyorgi prepared for extinction.
At the same time, the demonic spear struck Eden.
“Huh!”
As the demon’s energy penetrated the shield and infused her with fear, she gritted her teeth.
“God Yor.”
After succumbing to Harvitz’s evil, he vowed never to yield to evil again.
“Give me courage!”
The moment he exerted all his strength, the spear of the Demonic Spirit exploded and Eden’s body was thrown out.
“Eden!”
His friends shouted as he rolled on the ground at a terrifying speed, but Sirone didn’t look back.
‘Purify.’
The moment the demon was pushed out of Seina’s body, Giyorgi would also disappear.
Gyorgi closed his eyes as the light gathered in Sirone’s palm created a great glow.
‘Yes, kill him. Erase evil from the world.’
If it doesn’t deserve to exist, it deserves to disappear.
‘I won, Yahweh.’
Ultima would not be able to reach it either.
“huh?”
When the agape light suddenly disappeared, everyone stopped fighting and turned their heads.
Sirone was kneeling at Seina’s teeth.
He was immersed in deep thought with his hands on his forehead.
shouted Nade.
“What are you doing? Hurry up Seina-san…
At that moment, clear tears flowed down Sirone’s cheeks.
“Sirone?”
The dream of victory is over.
Ymir’s Depth Level 1.
The eyelids of Sirone, who had experienced Jorahhan and Armand’s life together, slowly rose.
‘I see.’
It was a dream named Yor.
And even now, Yorahhan’s dream was being passed on to the followers of Yogurism through Dremo.
‘Huge forgiveness.’
It was the only way for Good and Evil, which had been separated from Lilith, to be reunited.
‘It was something I had to forgive.’
Even if everyone throws out the trash, even if each other puts it off… … .
‘Jorahhan did it.’
Even in pain more frightening than death, the most beautiful flower bloomed in the world.
‘Right, Armand?’ The woman who became a sword to protect Jorahhan’s heart did not answer.
-There will be one chance.
I vaguely understood what her words in the last meeting meant.
‘thank you.’
It was an honor for her to choose him.
“I won’t back down now.”
Standing up with eyes that were different from before, Sirone examined Ymir’s depths.
Hearing a roar from over the horizon, Sirone looked up at the black hole.
‘ There… …
There is the only Ultima left in this world.
Somewhere in the Pyramid of Truth, Kanis clutched her head and screamed.
“Aww! no!”
In the wave of phosphorus, Canis could have denied the possibility every day with Arin.
‘I can’t. If that happens, I
am……’
lose one’s mind
However, even if he endured as it was, all that was left was a hopeless life.
“Great!”
“Canis! You have to be patient! if i lose you
no.”
“Ah, Arin… …
That the girl you’ve been with since the memory of life began was your sister?
Kanis turned her head and shed tears.
“… … love you.”
Arin realized through menarche.
Unable to choose any life, Canis thought of taking her own life.
“okay.”
Arin hugged him.
“Come with me. We’ll fight until the end. I will not give in to fate.”
Harvest, who was in charge of ending their lives, embraced them with long arms.
-Are you okay with this?
Kanis nods, then Harvest’s body vibrates for an explosion.
“It’s not over yet.”
I heard someone’s voice in the dark.
“Mr. Ares?”
Zulu, who had accompanied him, approached Canis and handed over the bodily fluids of the sturgeon Amoros.
“drink. You should be able to hold out for a while.”
It was a disgusting liquid just to look at, but I didn’t even pay attention to the yard that was determined to die.
“??????uh?”
It was just in case, but the bodily fluids of Amoros had an unbelievable effect.
“The human wave is receding. how… … ?”
Ares said.
“They said it was a creature that lived in an ancient pyramid. I’m glad it worked. Let’s go find Sirone.”
“There is no need for that.”
Zulu pointed to the darkness on the other side, and after a while Sirone appeared with Glenn on his back.
A blush appeared on Ares’ face.
“You’re here. You managed to find us.”
“It is difficult to see that it was found. Because Rukia-san led us here.”
“What are you talking about?”
Rukia, who had followed Sirone, looked at the inner structure of the pyramid and said,
“As expected, it was right. I don’t have much time now. We have to leave right now.” Canis, supported by Arin, asked.
“You’re leaving? Where?”
This place was a pyramid of truth that lost not only time and space but also the direction of life.
Rukia turned around and said.
“To meet God.”
She led everyone from the front and made her way through the maze-like path without hesitation.
Arin asked.
“Do you really know the way?”
“no.”
Rukia turned the corner and said.
“I don’t know the road at all. just… … You go where your heart moves.”
Syrone added.
“It is no coincidence that we gathered at the Pyramid. From the beginning, God wanted to bring Rukia. In other words, you don’t need to know where God is.”
Ares groaned.
“It means that God is where Rukia thinks. But why? Why does she want her?”
“I am?… ”
It was a fact that I realized like fate.
“You can call on God. maybe.”
Amidst the silence, the party continued to turn around the corner at a brisk pace.
And finally, where we arrived… … .
“Here.”
It was the last room at the top of the pyramid, which I thought I would never be able to find.
“God is over there.”
On top of the altar Rukia pointed to, there was an electrical device like a vacuum tube.

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-1246.txt
=============YYYYY=============
The Horrible Truth (2)
Se-in and Kang-nan looked stunned.
“oh my god… …
There was no sound in Ymir’s body from Gaold’s furious fists.
As soon as Gaold threw himself into a fist, Ymir’s head snapped back.
“Big!” The dizzying shock was stronger than cracked lips or broken teeth.
‘What’s with all these guys?’
He fought against many strong enemies, but he was the first to push himself this far.
“Let’s see… …
Not minding the shaking of his broken arm, Ymir thrust out the other fist.
‘Bakum Press.’
Gaold’s eyes widened as he clenched the giant’s fist with both hands, and there was a crunching sound.
“Kuu!”
And for the first time, Ymir moved away from Gaold of his own will.
The fist was crushed.
Even Sein, who was cool-headed under any circumstances, felt absurd at this moment.
‘Could this happen… …
What came out of his mouth was aggression.
“Aren’t you winning?”
They are crushing the King of Giants, who is said to be the strongest creature in the history of Heaven.
As if seeking confirmation, Sein looked back at the maze.
“what do you think about it?”
She also said that Gaold could make it this far.
I didn’t even dream of the line, but I thought, “How much will it hurt?”
That’s why it was heartbreaking.
“Now Gaold… … How sick are you?”
Since it was Ymir, the atmosphere of the two who had been forgotten for a while soon became solemn.
“ha. ha.”
Gaold was unfocused.
‘Where are you?’
All I could think of was fragmentary images, nothing left in my brain.
“ah??????
I was fighting that guy, what’s his name?
“Ymir.”
“Gaold.”
Ymir smiled.
“That is a wonderful name. All of your achievements must have been contained in that one word.”
Gaold was speechless.
“That’s really cool. Ymir. cool maze. stylish. Guffin, Ogent. Ashur. Uriel. Yes, Lian.”
‘……we are?’
Se-in and Kang-nan were slightly moved, but Lee Mir only looked back into the void.
“After training one’s individuality to the limit, one reaches a level that cannot be approached. So who is the strongest among them? This is a very interesting question. In the end, some people lose, but no one thinks they lose.”
Talking a lot meant feeling good.
“I think I can beat any opponent. Not because it’s perfect. He absolutely trusts his weapon and wants to fight with it. I’ve beaten a lot of guys so far, but actually winning or losing doesn’t mean anything. Importantly, Ymir’s eyes turned black again like ink.
“The fight itself. All you need is a battlefield where you can fully show off the level you have reached by risking everything.”
“Fun.”
The speed of Gauld, who moved through the suffocating life, gradually increased.
“Looks like you haven’t been hit yet.”
“Cheuk, that might be.”
Ymir clenched his shattered fist and threw it at Gaold’s face.
The moment it touched the barrier of the air press, an earthquake occurred along with the heat again.
“Big!” Gaold’s expression crumpled like a demon, while Ymir’s lips went all the way up.
“You were the strongest.”
Although it would have been better if we had met in real life.
“It was a nice dream.”
As soon as Gaold’s body was thrown out, the earth began to split in a radial pattern.
Kurleung!
Kang Nan, who had been staring blankly at the endless waves of the land, hurriedly jumped out.
“Gaold!”
Ymir’s condition was also not good.
He looked up at the fingers that had all bent in strange directions.
“Is this the end?”
At that moment, a flash of light from the side struck Ymir directly in the head.
Ymir, who savored the shock with his neck bent about 20 degrees, slowly turned his head.
“What are you?”
Sirone walked with Louver and Mong-ah.
“Ymir, Ultima… …
“iced coffee.”
Ymir waved his hand.
“You don’t have to talk about complicated things. I don’t even want to hear it If you want something, fight for it.”
It could be said that she was a perfect martial artist, but Sirone, a wizard, had a different idea.
‘There’s no point in fighting here. Retrieving Ultima is a priority. No, at least… …
We must escape from Ymir’s dream.
‘I will be independent of simultaneous events. That’s probably why the lore dream began.’
In other words, Sirone in another space could not accept Jorahhan’s enlightenment.
Sirone headed for the black hole.
‘The priority is to extract Ultima and leave.’
According to Louver, Arius had already entered, but the chances of returning were slim.
“hey.”
Ymir didn’t like Sirone.
“I see that you are interested in a distant place, so decide quickly whether to fight or die. Because it annoys me.”
Fighting against people who use combat as a means rather than a purpose is just a headache.
‘Guffin. Your son is more like his mother.’
It was for this reason that Ymir did not mention Ikael’s name in his match.
The maze has arrived.
“Sirone, go into the black hole. Arius must have done something. I’ll take care of this.”
Ymir laughed.
“Of course you are funny too. But still don’t you know? The reason I picked Gaold as the strongest isn’t because of force.”
Ymir’s wounds began to heal at breakneck speed.
“It is the spirit of a bastard.”
As soon as all the broken parts were restored, Sein bit his lip and clenched his fist.
‘Right. It’s not real. Incarnation to the end. If the mind is restored, the incarnation is also restored.’
In other words, it is a conflict between mind and spirit.
If it was Gaold who had the most extreme spirit, he would destroy Ymir’s incarnation… … .
‘Miro’s mind is specialized in defense. There is no choice but to have a penalty here.’
Gaold, who changed the form of an incarnation in someone else’s mind, was abnormal.
Then an unexpected voice was heard.
“Go, Sirone.” Gaold was walking with Kang Nan’s support.
“Hoo?”
Ymir was also surprised.
“I definitely had a bursting taste. haha. Well, you are also an incarnation. It really is an obsession that knows no bounds.”
Gauld said to Sirone.
“go.”
“but… …
“I can’t stand it for long.”
No matter how strong the obsession was, there was a limit to recovering the incarnation in the mind of another person.
“please.”
The moment Gaold gave a small nod, Sirone threw herself at the black hole.
Ymir did not pursue.
‘it’s okay!’
By the time the landscape on the ground went far away, Sirone was relieved, but the black hole was farther than expected.
‘There is Ultima.’
And finally, Sirone’s body was dragged into an extreme gravitational field.
It was the speed of light.
Sirone was in darkness. ‘Here?’
His body was being dragged along by the inertia of countless stars converging toward one place.
It was dizzy to imagine all these stars colliding at the same time, but it dawned on me vaguely.
‘Time is running backwards.’
When I first opened Immortal Function in my school days, it was like a nightmare I had every night.
It’s called portraiture.
‘I see.’
it was feeling
Information cannot cross the barrier of the speed of light, but the mind can transcend time and space.
The planet gradually disintegrated, and Sirone’s body began to dissipate in the form of particles.
‘Nevertheless, it exists.’
I now realized what is the last thing that makes up a human being.
‘Before becoming me, the concept of me.’
Following the path guided by imaginary time, Sirone dug into a space smaller than a particle.
Strings of light that even integrated time vibrated, and countless events were repeating birth and extinction.
‘Only possibilities remain… … boundaries of the outside world.
In the feeling of being one with the other, Sirone felt that the concept of herself was expanding.
‘Integrated.’
It’s like… … It was a huge explosion.
Kanis asked.
“Now, do something. How can I summon God? You said you could.”
The reason he was so excited was probably because his resentment and anger toward God were so great.
‘Appear before my eyes.’ To appear means to materialize, then at least you can fight.
‘My stomach boils to death.’
Rukia, who was looking affectionately at the unconscious Glenn, strained her eyes again.
“It is an integration of concepts.”
“integrated?”
“No matter what. This world splits in two the moment it exists. Because we cannot define existence without each other referring to each other.”
Sirone, as well as everyone else, realized something during the journey so far.
“Only God can define it as one. Good and evil, light and darkness, existence and nothing, it doesn’t matter. When you put the two together, you get an idea that doesn’t need to be defined, and God will only appear in that concept.”
It was a plausible hypothesis.
“Right.”
Ares said.
“God’s right hand and the devil’s left hand. It was no coincidence that I had one more ability.”
“yes.”
Rukia raised both hands.
“God’s right hand relaxes the mind, the devil’s left hand twists it. Then, what if I join hands and activate my abilities at the same time?” Sirone said.
“Taegeuk will happen. Neither side backs down, it will cycle endlessly.”
Rukia nodded.
“God could borrow my concept and appear.”
“But Mr. Rukia.”
Sirone understood Taegeuk.
“When it becomes infinite, even the concept of existence disappears. When the number two of the law is broken, you cannot be defined.”
Sirone is an infinite wizard because she can exist with infinity.
“I am??????
Rukia looked at Glenn.
“I decided to forgive. Glenn would have had to do the same. When she was poor, she may have approached me with admiration, but she may not be her love… …
she smiled.
“I don’t want to define it. As long as I can hug Glenn with my heart, it doesn’t matter.”
do not define
‘Sacrifice with all your heart.’
Realizing that they couldn’t stop it, Sirone backed away, and Rukia turned to the device.
‘Glen.’
to save the entire universe.
‘love you.’
Loving only one person is enough.
‘Oh God.’
Rukia, who held her hands together as if praying, activated her ability while gently closing her eyes.
‘Have mercy on us.’
When the god’s right hand and the devil’s left hand worked simultaneously, Rukia’s heart spun.
The pyramid vibrated, and all the letters engraved on the inner wall began to glow blue.
‘electricity.’
Everyone realized the moment the energy generated by the rotation of yin and yang was concentrated in the device.
‘Ultra-ancient civilization is a generator.’
Also, the electrical energy gathered here must be enough to pierce the curtain of the outside world.
“God… …
An unprecedented event in human history.
“It descends.” “Sirone! what are you doing?” Shirone, who was shedding tears in front of Seina, heard Nade’s voice.
‘I don’t know. Why is it so heartbreaking?’
It wasn’t the first time it happened.
Even when I broke up with Amy, when she went to the sun, and even at this moment.
‘Perhaps I… …
Will I be burdened with great sorrow in the future?
Sirone was defenseless, but Giyorgi was not even moving.
‘Choose, Yahweh.’
Is it implementation or integration?
There is only one thing needed to achieve what no one in Good and Evil has ever done.
Sirone slowly raised her head.
“sacrifice.”
The immortal function opened, and Sirone’s body began to spread with a brilliant light.

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-1247.txt
=============YYYYY=============
the terrible truth (3)
A village near the Pyramid of Truth.
Most of the people ended up leaving, but a few people stayed in the village.
“dad! dad!”
Arti, an 18-year-old girl, was thrilled with the realization of a story she had heard since childhood.
“Dad was right! Pyramid! The Pyramid of Truth is shining brightly!”
“Arty!”
The stout-built father stood up.
“Dad made it clear! Don’t even come close to the Pyramid of Truth! It is not a place for people to go!”
“But we are fine. As Dad said, you know the ballot. He didn’t even leave town.”
“Ha, I really can’t stop. Dad is getting old because of you.”
said his wife, looking out the window.
“It seems that the time for the prophecy has come. Honey, shouldn’t Arti know now?”
“huh! yes!”
Dad, lost in thought for a moment, went into the room and brought an old wooden box.
“Come here.”
Dad, sitting in front of Artie, opened the box and found an old parchment document.
“what’s this?”
The father smiled at the slightly disappointed daughter’s tone.
“Guild oath.”
” Guild?”
Dad looked out the window.
“No one knows when the Pyramid of Truth was built. But the king who founded the ancient Paras, Pharaoh, seems to have known the secret passed down through oral tradition. So Pharaoh made his own tomb the same as the Pyramid of Truth. He believed that if he fell asleep there, he could one day be resurrected.”
“So you resurrected?”
“Arti, death is the privilege of the dead. Eternal sleep or the decay of the body are just thoughts of the living. The resurrection will be the same.”
“Hmm.”
It was like I didn’t know.
“The important thing is that the ancient pharaohs knew the existence of gods. Perhaps it was handed down in secret. But besides Pharaoh, there were people who knew the existence of God.”
Dad heard the guild oath.
“Masons who had to search for the Pyramid of Truth and build a pyramid identical to it. This is the oath of secrecy of the ancient masons’ guild (Freemason) that they gathered together.”
Arti looked at the seal at the top of the oath.
“Hoo.”
A pupil in the same triangle as the pyramid emitted a brilliant halo.
Dad said.
“This is an exhibition plan. It is also called the Eye of Providence. The eyes of a god that sees through all of this world. Dad’s dad, grandfather’s grandfather, if you go all the way back like that, you’ll find our ancestors who built the pyramids.”
“Then, what about the phrase that Dad taught you?”
“okay. The ancient masons’ guild had mystical powers. It seems to have been put into practice now, but I don’t know. Is it going to continue its life somewhere? All Dad knows is the phrase he heard from his grandfather.”
That alone made the girl’s heart tremble.
“That’s why we didn’t leave town. Everyone has changed strangely.”
“yes. but… …
As the inside of the house flashed, Dad turned his head.
“Looks like we have to leave now.” When the electricity that wrapped around the pyramid struck the sky like a thunderbolt, space was torn apart.
Arti approached the window.
“… … Exhibition view.”
One eye was contemplating the world.
“Aaaaa!”
Rukia bounced out of the inside of the pyramid, which was all wrapped in electricity.
As she fell to the floor, her body convulsed and her eyes trembled in shock.
“Miss Rukia! Wake up!”
What did you see?
The mind that had already passed into the realm of infinity could not be returned in any way.
“damn!”
The group looked up at the ceiling, following a bunch of electricity gushing out of the mechanism.
The bricks soaked with electricity were as transparent as glass, and God’s eyes stayed in the sky.
‘I’ve seen it.’
Sirone said to the group.
“I’ll be back.”
said Canis.
“Go with me. He has business to do.”
“no.”
Sirone was adamant.
“I am going alone. I don’t even know what’s out there, but I can’t put it in danger.”
“Don’t be condescending. I admit that you are strong, but I also have my own fight.”
“Canis.”
Sirone said soothingly.
“If you go, Arin will say he will go too.
going to be.” “Leave it to me. If that eye were really a god, they might be able to negotiate.”
I realized it when I went to the Maika ruins.
‘It may be my own illusion, but I was definitely trying to convey something. About the guffin… …
“Sirone.”
said Canis.
“If you don’t listen to me, grab me by the collar and bring me.”
“okay.”
He knew better than anyone how I felt, so I was grateful to him for willingly yielding to me.
“Whoa.”
outside world.
어렴풋이 짐작은 가지만, 그 실체 와 정면으로 마주하는 것은 처음이 었다.
“갔다 올게.”
미라클 스트림이 몸을 감싸고, 민 들레 씨앗 같은 빛의 입자가 되어 벽을 뚫었다.
피라미드 바깥에서 실체화된 시로 네를 올려다보며 아레스가 중얼거렸 다.
“그래, 꼭 돌아와라.”
시집도 안 간 여동생 과부 만들 수는 없으니까.
카타콤의 일원들은 눈앞의 적을 내 버려 두고 시로네를 향해 돌진했다.
“가증스러운 야훼!”
시로네가 하려는 것은 자명했다.
‘멜키두의 정화.’
다른 말로 하자면, 이곳에 있는 모 든 자들의 죄를 끌어안겠다는 것이 었다.
기요르기는 생각했다
‘진심인가?’
애초에 용서할 수 있었다면 역겨운 것을 토해 내듯 마를 버리지도 않았 을 터.
“위선자여.”
앞으로 걸어가는 기요르기의 목소 리에 힘이 실렸다.
“정말로 할 수 있다고?”
지독하게 이기적이고, 쾌락만을 추 구하며, 모든 것을 남에게 떠넘기는 악을.
“흐으으으 r
이모탈 펑션을 개방한 시로네는 멜 키두의 모든 것을 마음으로 품었다.
끔찍한 기분이었다.
‘악은 악이다.’
너무나 싫고, 밉고, 혐오스럽다.
‘모순이야.’
시로네는 요라한을 모르지만, 거대 한 용서가 어찌 누군가의 꿈을 안다 고 되겠는가?
‘희생.’
루키아가 그랬듯이.
‘사랑하면 희생할 수 있다. 내 목 숨을 줄 수도 있어. 하지만 왜 내 가……’
악마저 끌어안아야 하지?
그 모순에 직면한 순간 그의 마음 은 오히려 탁한 분노에 물들어 갔 다.
“죽어라, 야훼!”
카타콤의 일원들이 돌진하는 것과 동시에 시로네의 주위에 벼락이 내 리 쳤다.
“뇌신의 심판.”
뇌신전생의 화신을 피워 올린 네이 드가 무서운 얼굴로 그들을 노려보 았다.
“접근하면 죽인다.”
에덴이 이루키의 부축을 받으며 다 가왔다.
“뭔가 이상해.”
The Spirit Zone, which should have spread infinitely, was rather collapsing inside.
Iruki said.
“You are caught in a logical contradiction. You can’t swallow Melkidu. If you continue like this, you will rather be stained with evil.”
Sirone’s heart was screaming.
‘ why’?’
Was I really a hypocrite?
‘I don’t know. they don’t do anything Am I the one who always has to sacrifice? I bear, I forgive,
I, I, I everything… …
Sirone stopped thinking.
” ah.”
Harvits said.
– You say you go to pick up the garbage alone for the rest of your life, you idiot.
‘I see.’
Why do we need to forgive evil… … .
‘Only one.’
because it is good
“Huh!”
Sirone’s face was tearful, but
The spirit zone spreads rapidly again to infinity
lost.
“Aww! no! don’t do it!”
Feeling a different temperament than before, the demons in the catacombs knelt down and grabbed their heads.
‘really?’
Gyorgi didn’t believe it.
‘With perfect goodness without the slightest bit of malice, with a heart that has reached the pinnacle of goodness… … Forgive me?’
Integration of Zen and Ae.
‘okay.’
Sirone’s gaze turned to Guyorgi.
‘I don’t resent anyone. I’m not sorry. i do it because i can
going to be.’
Since not a single bit of evil remains, Shirone is not a hypocrite, but a true goodness.
So, get rid of the pretense.
‘really… …
let’s forgive
After embracing everything with extreme sacrifice, the Spirit Zone spread at a tremendous speed.
Cuckoo Cuckoo!
As Melkidu’s system was purified, the entire island where the Hall of Evil was located began to shake.
Took. Took.
Debris fell on Curtis and Pena’s heads.
The moment Sirone’s feelings were conveyed through the Spirit Zone, he felt a huge sense of forgiveness.
Pena asked.
“What are we going to do now?”
“I don’t know.”
Curtis turned his head.
“It’s not something we can choose.”
After being silent for a while, the two of them clashed their fists with bitter smiles.
Hall of Evil.
Sitting down in Lilith’s room, Cain looked up at the portrait with a calm expression.
Cuckoo Cuckoo!
Even at the moment when his life’s achievements disappeared, his mind remained only in the past.
Tears flowed silently.
“mother.”
I try to smile, but the only thing that moves is the corner of my mouth.
“I was wrong.”
The Hall of Evil has collapsed.
“Huh! Whoops!”
As time passed and the light of purification grew stronger, the members of the Catacombs shed tears.
“Yahweh. us, us… …
Because no one, not even one human being had ever truly forgiven evil.
“Save me.”
The demons evaporated in a huge catharsis, and Nade looked at the gradually becoming transparent Si Lone.
“I will be back.”
“of course. Because it’s an infinite wizard.”
At that moment, Giyorgi, the only one left among the demons, opened the Devil’s Bible.
“The Satanic Revelation. Chapter 32.”
It was the last page.
“Satan said, Fear not the good. Everyone is just a hypocrite, so raise the forces of evil.”
“That guy is all the way!”
The moment Nade was about to step out, Eden stopped him.
“for a moment.”
Giyorgi’s voice was calm.
“Hypocrites will persecute you. prepare for the temple Get the victory by means of evil.”
Is it so, Yahweh?
“Do not be persuaded. don’t try to convince There is no mercy for those who forsake us.”
can we be you too
When all human beings achieve an integrated mental system that is perfectly right.
“Dries the seeds of goodwill.”
We too are not evil, ugly, and disgusting.
“Clear the name of the line.”
Thoughts that we can do because we are human, something we can control because we are human, sometimes it becomes joy, and sometimes it is the coolest and happiest thing in life… … .
with emotions.
“Remember, my children.” can i be saved?
“As long as there is even one line left in the world.”
widely.
After closing the Devil’s Bible, Giyorgi calmly closed his eyes and waited for the extinction.
“There is no shrine to the devil.”
Melkidu disappeared in a huge flash.
And at the same time… … .
Sirone’s consciousness, which was running toward Jin Seong-eum in the underworld, spun around.
“Keugh!”
In the state of Choeni Bardo across the boundary between reality and the other side, the integration of emotions is a real shock.
Of course, it was half the shock, but it was a powerful demon that made me lose my mind.
‘no. A little further… …
With her eyes on the Valley of Lamentation at the end of the horizon, Sirone fell to the ground.
The black monks that filled the sky flew in.
-Now! Bind Yahweh!
The moment when uncountable chains bind Sirone and black clouds cover the land.
Aaaaaaa!
With a flash of light, the tangled black curtain was torn apart.
“Pooh!”
Lian, holding Sirone in his arms with his left arm, appeared brandishing a great straight sword.
“Hey, Sirone. What’s wrong all of a sudden?”
There was no answer, but his eyelids trembled as if he was fighting something.
Yahweh’s heart is in the process of integrating good and evil, but Lian can’t know.
“… … What’s going on?”
Someone’s scream echoed in the Valley of Wailing.

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-1248.txt
=============YYYYY=============
the terrible truth (4)
Anchal said.
“Emperor Phehe ｝, Pama Mineral Star, 10 minutes left until power transmission is complete.”
The reason why his tone was more pious than usual was because Jin Kang was facing death.
“Cool!”
Jin Kang spilled blood.
“Hehe.”
A half-mad madman.
Although he admits it himself, he was rather enjoying this feeling.
‘Voice.’
There seemed to be no chance to see her daughter’s face.
‘Will I want such a luxury?’
“Your Majesty, please command me. Information once transmitted cannot be retrieved. The only chance to turn back is now.”
Despite the psychological burden, Jin Kang looked at the temple with soft eyes.
“Thank you.”
I hope there will be no regrets whatsoever.
“your majesty.”
Anchal tried hard to hold back the tears welling up in his one eye and sent a determined look.
“Please tell me.”
Jin Kang’s face turned into that of a demon.
“Kill him.”
It’s all fake.
Ryan ran and ran.
“Move!”
Sirone’s body was as light as a feather, but the weight of her life was greater than that of Lian.
“Yaaaa!”
The sword of the yaksa that protects the lord split the beast.
‘There is no end.’
Outside the wide open field of view, more black monks were gathering than now.
‘The remaining distance… … About 40 kilometers.’
It is a distance that can be reached in an instant if one is determined and runs, but it was a problem to break through the tough terrain.
‘No, it’s a problem even if you arrive. Sirone is defenseless while purifying the chain of true voice.’
Ryan made a decision.
“I will protect you.” Because the sword does not judge, Sirone’s life was the top priority in any situation.
The Black Vulture flew again.
– Foolish sinner, why do you reject purification and disturb the laws of hell?
The unfathomable colony rotated like a whirlwind, concentrating its power.
“Whoa!”
Rian grabbed the Daejikdo in reverse and rushed.
‘Don’t worry, Sirone.’
The moment I clenched my teeth, the world vibrated and tremendous power surged into my right arm.
“Yaaaaa!”
The moment he turned his shoulder, the muscle on his forearm evaporated, and the colony of black monks exploded with a bang.
-Oh oh oh oh… … .
Hearing the faint scream, Lian looked at his right arm, which only had bones.
Smille. smille
Ogent’s lineage began to repair the body, but it was decidedly slow.
‘It’s not long.’
Even if it was an idea of divine transcendence, there was a limit to the restoration ability of living things.
“are you okay.”
Reinforcing his barely recovered right arm, Lian grabbed the great sword and walked again.
‘Even if I’m broken… … <Idea> is not destroyed.
After escaping from the Pyramid of Truth, Sirone stood in front of a huge hole in the sky.
The All-Seeing Eye was watching him.
“What are you thinking?”
Sirone asked, but the pupils did not show any reaction as before.
“Do you think you are defining me?” It’s not scary.
However, I wanted to do everything I could here before leaving for the unknown.
“Is the guffin there?” What kind of accident was the reaction at the Maika ruins, the whole eye did not move.
“Answer… …
A Photon Cannon floated in Sirone’s hand.
“I mean!”
As a single flash of light headed for a hole in the sky, the same flash flew from the other side.
It was like throwing a ball into a mirror.
“good.”
Apparently, God didn’t want to compromise like a gentleman in their own world.
“If you want that, I’ll go in.” After finishing Simho Home, Sirone wrapped the Miracle Stream around her body and flew into the hole.
When the head passed the boundary line where the flashes collided, the all-eye disappeared and a black space appeared.
‘Yania Idum.’
It was because if there was no light, there was no way he could see his hands.
Nothing, or such a concept.
‘A reversal of thinking.’
Having already experienced in high gear, Sirone quickly regained her thinking.
“Will something be different?”
High gear is a lower level of reality, but the outside world itself was nothing special.
‘ just??????
space is changing.
“It is a unique concentration method called sequence method.”
Ethella said.
“If any of you have ever counted from 1 to 100, either mentally or verbally, please raise your hand.”
While the students of Alpheas Magic School raised their hands, Sirone was indifferent.
‘Everything is just a huge illusion.’
Just by thinking about it, I go back to my alma mater’s Class Five integrated class time.
Ethella continued.
“great. So, who has ever counted from 1 to 1,000?”
While the students looked around, Sirone also took a closer look at the familiar face.
I could see Nade, who was still unfamiliar with him, and Iruki, whom he had clashed with from the first meeting.
‘haha! You guys are really young.’
Of course I would too.
Even though he smiled slightly, he soon turned away from them with sad eyes.
‘This is not my world.’
It is just one of many universes multiplying infinitely like a bubble.
“A sequence formula is literally a technique of arranging numbers. Unlike language, numbers… …
Ethella stopped talking.
“Sirone?”
When Sirone met her eyes, Ethella thought with a serious expression.
“you… …
she asked.
“who is this?”
The students of the advanced class all turned to see Lorne, but there was nothing to say.
“No, who are you? You are not Sirone.”
Ethella was convinced.
Her eyes, which had been sparkling with interest until just a second ago, had completely changed.
‘I’m not a student. No, even such a comparison is meaningless, the eyes that have reached the end of the world.’
her instincts spit out.
“????God?”
The students groaned.
“What are you talking about? Why is the teacher like that all of a sudden?”
It seemed that a commotion was about to break out, and Sirone stood up at the thought of being a nuisance to this world.
“Teacher Ethella.”
the person you admire the most.
“thank you.”
With a sense of farewell, Etella held out her hand.
“Sleep, wait… … !”
It was a dark space again.
“Whoa.”
What is going on by now in the universe that he had been mistaken for a while ago?
‘It’s a meaningless assumption.’
Literally, there are infinitely many such universes.
‘I can’t go back from here.’
Based on High Gear’s experience, Sirone can find where her heart resides.
“The god of the outside world.”
Now was the time to build a fence.
‘I must have come here too.’
What did he realize and where is he now?
‘no way?’
Sirone stopped walking.
In a space where only illusions exist, there must be only one way to meet God.
‘The only illusion.’
When he turned his head, his reflection was like a mirror.
‘But there is no mirror.’
As Sirone slowly approached, he on the other side closed the distance in the same way.
His hand reached out slowly.
Ymir’s black hole.
Sirone, who came to his senses in a great sense of unity, arrived in a dark space.
I tested the world of illusion, and when I thought about Nane, my steps suddenly stopped.
‘The only illusion.’
Since God is the result and unique, there is only one place where any delusion can reach.
Sirone turned her head.
‘But there is no mirror.’
Sirone of the two simultaneous incidents approached with exactly the same gait and touched hands.
After savoring it for a while, Sirone lowered her hand, and the mirror phenomenon returned to nothingness.
which sirone?
It was the Sirone who received Yorahan’s dream, and the one who did not receive the dream.
‘There is no contradiction.’
Sirone realized why she was disconnected from reality in Ymir’s dream.
‘It was blocked by a barrier of logic.’ There is no contradiction here.
Infinite freedom to do right no matter what, that is the identity of the Ultima system.
‘It must have been sad, it was me.’
Did he cry out in the vast emptiness that even the extremes of emptiness could not bear?
‘We should meet, me too.’
Extracting Ultima was the priority.
However, being the only God in an infinite delusion cannot undo cause and effect I_ U：
? =
‘There is no going back to the reversal of the accident. Even if you get Ultima, if you can’t bring it to reality… …
After finishing her resolution, Sirone recalled.
” god.”
Many people will imagine their own gods, but no matter what they think of, there is only one God.
That one illusion finally moved Sirone to the place where the god resides.
A material that is too smooth to be called stone and too soft to be called metal.
It was an all white space.
‘Is this the universe at the highest level that mankind can reach?’
No, it’s not.
‘I’m just holding on to the result using imaginary time. Human potential does not end here.’
If the chain of cause and effect created by God is broken, humanity will stretch farther into the future.
Perhaps that is the message left by Guffin… … .
‘Beyond infinity.’ Taking the first step calmly, Sirone walked down the hallway, devoid of personality.
For the first time his eyes saw something else.
“Hehehe! Hee hee hee!”
Arius, lying down like a dog, was spinning around.
“Uh hee hee! month! month! Hee hee hee!”
Sirone reversed the accident again and called.
“Mister Arius.”
He suddenly stopped moving, turned his head, and came closer to Sirone.
“Uh, uh? Ha ha ha! You’re here! It’s finally here! Sirone!”
“What happened?”
Arius bowed continuously.
“Oh oh! our god! Save man! Take this poor body! Fuhahaha!”
I was half crazy.
“By the way, how many universes have you traveled?”
Everything is momentary, and everyone ends up like this when wandering around in those countless illusions.
“Whoa, whoa!”
Arius wept.
“It’s all futile. You can go anywhere, you can be anything. No dogs, no insects, no air. God is infinitely huge, infinitely vast… … . no one can stand it In the first place, we couldn’t even be insignificant!”
that is infinite
“Aww! I am nothing! rather kill it! This F*cking space where even death becomes an illusion… … !”
“Mr. Arius!”
Arius shut his mouth at Sirone’s remark.
“Calm down. It’s just a god trait. You know. With Ultima, even humans have the strength to fight. can you extract it? Miro said he would have made a move.”
“maze.”
my master
“Extraction is simple.”
Arius spread his arms.
“Here, Ultima. take it. Whether it’s digging through a wall or sucking in air. All the concepts that make up this place are Ultima. It’s the exact opposite of reality. Integration is a natural phenomenon here. No contradiction. If you just throw out that effect, the cause will take care of itself and become a combination.”
His hands covered his face.
“Ha, the problem is that there is no going back. we’re stuck here I’d rather not come.”
After understanding the situation, Sirone stood up.
“Where is God?” Arius’ body
trembled
“Did you meet?”
no At that silence, I think I’m going crazy
“good night… … want to
In silence, in vibration.”
“So I have an idea to go back. Where is God?”
We have to find a way.
“where?”
Arius laughed.
“Of course, where God is.”
For a moment, it felt like electricity was flowing through their bodies, and then a borderless white space opened up.
It was all about a glass ball the size of a human head floating 3 meters above the line of sight.
It’s not really accurate.
It is only estimated by seeing the electricity of various spectrums spread in a spherical shape as if trapped in a membrane.
“Is it you?”
Yurigu replied silently, but Sirone sensed that the electricity pattern had changed.
‘That’s it… …
Super-intelligent computing device, God.
continues in the next volume

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-1249.txt
=============YYYYY=============
The Terrible Truth (5)
Sirone suddenly thought.
‘Could countless universes repeat birth and extinction in that small glass sphere?’
If human life and all its joys and sorrows were just a momentary flash trapped in that glass sphere.
Sirone asked.
“Why do we exist?”
What does existence mean to a God without a mind?
“Hexa.” A mechanical sound echoed through the white space.
“It is infinite because it is two.”
Arius stopped at the first voice of the god he heard, but soon resumed his search.
“Ultima. I need to extract Ultima… … Even though he was clearly in the same space, he was acting as if God were not there.
“There is one perfect world.”
A circle drawn with light was born on the right side of God, and on the left side as the standard of the outside world.
“This is your world, your whole. No matter what you add or subtract, it is always right, so existence is also defined.”
God asked.
“Isn’t that enough? Defined and living. But the moment the two worlds meet.”
A circle of the same shape was created on the opposite side and connected in the form of a figure eight lying down.
“infinite.”
Nothing can be defined.
“How do you think that there is [something] higher up? The end is nothing after all. Your attachment is nothing more than a perceptual error in which you feel that even nothing exists.”
“It won’t change anything.”
Sirone said.
“Nothing is natural for you. But humans are different. I feel every moment as reality, and I live by embracing every moment. Even if it is an illusion, it cannot disappear like a bubble for the sake of you.”
“Human.”
God asked
“Why do you think there are no humans here?”
“??????what?”
“Didn’t you guys make me? That’s why I exist. Gods of the inner world, you are but the shadows of the human beings of this world, the Illuminati.” I vaguely assumed it, but when I heard it through the upper body, I was speechless.
“Why do you deny me? Why don’t you turn away from the truth? You, who do not accept me, are in error.”
Sirone bit his lip.
‘It could be.’
Because God is always right.
‘The sum of all causes. That’s why denying God becomes denying me.’
It was Nane who emerged from such a paradox.
‘Are you there?’
In the world of the Illuminati beyond the glass, has he finally found rest?
‘really… … Are you satisfied with that?’
God said.
“Hexa, like the original Illuminati and Gaians, mankind must unite into the void. It is the repetition of reincarnation, realizing impermanence in life and returning to Idea.”
“Then what about Guffin?”
God didn’t answer for the first time.
“Guffin didn’t think there was anything. And many Gaians followed him. Of course he could be the wrong choice. If he hadn’t tried to escape the photon system, Ultima wouldn’t have been destroyed either.”
“It was an error.”
It was the best choice of words God could answer.
“error? So where is the guffin now? Did you realize your mistake and become the Illuminati as you said? Is that why you didn’t even come to meet me when I came?”
Again, God was silent.
“Should I guess? Guffins are not here. Because you sent me, what you call an error, into the world.”
“… … They are very similar.”
It may sound negative, but Sirone was in a good mood.
“okay. because my father Like Gaia, I will follow in the footsteps of Guffin. Because the heart he left behind in this world will be bigger than the universe you created.”
“Guppin left nothing behind.” God said.
“Hexa, the only truth is me. This is because it is the final result selected by an infinite number of universes. There are no consequences beyond me. The guffin became nothing.”
“no.”
Sirone touched his chest.
“Still alive. in my heart.”
“I can’t see it.”
The sound of the machine sounded much colder.
“What is there? Hexa, what you are talking about is the organ called the heart. Not a guffin.”
compromise is impossible.
Sirone glanced at Arius, who was crawling around and licking the floor.
“Hehehe! This is the taste of Ultima!”
I’d like to believe there was an intention, but more likely it was simply madness.
Sirone looked away again.
“What are you going to do with us?”
“nothing.”
I didn’t feel any emotions.
“I only maintain the world and correct errors. I am not the enemy of humanity or the monster you think of me.”
Perhaps that is the most perfect stage, Shirone thought.
‘I have to go back to reality.’
If a compromise could not be reached, all that was left was a battle.
‘There is no going back to the reversal of the accident. If we don’t turn back time itself… …
The first thing that comes to mind is Tachyon’s phrase from Jet in Apocalypse.
‘I don’t know. What kind of content is it?’ If you know the meaning, you can memorize even the longest chord, but Jet’s phrase was just a simple string of syllables.
‘keyword. If you can clearly understand the meaning of even one word.’
At that time, all codes can be deciphered in an instant through his Ultima system.
‘Do I have to connect after all?’
If you connect with God through the small world creation, you will be able to attack the world of the Illuminati.
‘The probability must be at a hopeless level.’ It was supposed to become Oparts as soon as it was connected.
“Hehehe.”
Then laughter was heard.
When Sirone turned his head, Arius was staggering with his lightsaber spilling out.
“Yeah, wasn’t it that easy? such an idiot. No, genius! I am a genius!”
Then, suddenly, he rushed at God.
“Ultimada!”
“No!”
At the same time Sirone shouted, Arius held the glass ball in his arms.
“Aaaaaaa!”
The electricity passed through his bones, and he burst into laughter.
“Ha ha ha! got it! I caught God!”
As the glass sphere fell with a thump, Arius lovingly licked the surface with his tongue.
“Hehehe! Is this the taste of God?”
“Ah, Arius… …
At that time, Sirone made a tired expression at the sight of blood flowing from the torn tongue.
“Huh!” As the electricity inside the glass sphere spread brightly, Arius’ upper body bent like a bow.
“Oh go go! Go go!”
Seeing that a blue light was lit inside the bandages covering her eyes, Sirone felt it.
‘It’s becoming an o-parts.’
“uh?”
Arius, who had stopped convulsing, made an ecstatic expression.
“??????wow.”
After watching until that point, Sirone suddenly came up with a trick to solve the difficulty.
‘It’s the only chance.’ It was a way to indirectly decipher the god’s information by casting a small world window on Arius.
“Be patient!”
The moment she put her hand on Arius’ back, Sirone’s face turned pale.
“Big!”
Perfect mindlessness.
‘I can’t stand this. I think my heart will freeze.’
At that time, as consciousness gradually fades away, a blue light begins to drift from Sirone’s eyes.
‘huh’?’
A woman’s voice sounded like a whisper.
– Illuminati.
Then, pieces of information from the outside world began pouring in like bullets.
humanity’s farthest future.
Upon reaching the end of their journey, humanity decided to make one of the most crucial decisions in history.
-There’s nothing more I can do. We have to throw the whole thing away and start over.
So humans created gods.
-Because they are two, they are infinite.
God gave man infinity.
– Through the mechanism that connects the outer world and the inner world, life is endlessly reincarnated. God will control. From now on, we go beyond creatures and become truth.
Feeding and breeding were strictly prohibited.
– What about the children?
Hearing the woman’s words again, Sirone felt a sense of incongruity even for an instant.
‘kid?’
someone has bred
-It will be fine. Because the final authority belongs to our family. I’ll try to find another way.
The identity of the child is unknown.
However, Ultima’s 11th sense transcended their language system and deciphered their conversation.
‘what’?’
A fact you don’t want to believe.
-… … also explain As young as I am, I have a lot of curiosity. Friends care too.
I try to deny it, but the person who comes to mind automatically the moment I hear the name is definitely… … .
‘Habits?’
Kiyiying!
A mechanical sound exploded in the glass sphere, and the small world window was forcibly blocked as if cutting a nerve.
“Keugh!”
At the same time Sirone stepped back, Arius flew away with a bang.
“warning. warning.”
The glass sphere transmitted the voice at high speed.
“Illuminati search activity detected. blocking access. Final Stage Approval for Error Correction.”
It was a message from the god telling the end, but Sirone heard nothing.
“haha.”
The outside world, glimpsed in an instant, conveyed only one truth.
‘ really??????
Is it just a dream?
‘If all the memories of the time I’ve lived are just shadows in this world.’
The concept of “I” is an obvious fallacy.
Sometimes we become water, air, birds, and sometimes others.
‘It’s just an existence that endlessly reincarnates.’
“Big.”
Arius stood up.
Because he shared the same information as the small world creator, his feelings were no different from Sirone’s.
“what are you doing?” He spoke in a clear tone that could not be seen as a madman, and picked up the glass ball on the floor.
“Once you got the Ultima, let’s go back.” he added.
“To our world.”
Sirone understood Arius’ words.
‘okay. It is not a dependency relationship. Our world is not the cowardice of the outside world.’
Currently, God holds the effect, but man can also change the effect with the cause.
‘Nothing is over yet.’
Like Guffin, Syrone can choose
It was time.
‘Amy.’
friends and everyone he loves.
“Go back.”
Cuckoo Cuckoo!
As Sirone closed her eyes, black dots began to appear in the vibrating white space.
‘It was a zeta function.’
What is the secret of the Gu-gyeol that Jet gave you?
‘For humans, infinity is an object of thought, but for God, infinity is something as clear as our 1.’
Only to explain the reality of infinity, Jet transmits that tremendous code.
‘I can turn back time.’
The white space completely disappeared, and the interior of the black hole that sucked them in appeared.
Arius held out the god in his hand.
“Look at this.”
The sphere’s membrane disappeared and only the blue electricity remained, swaying chaotically.
“That’s Ultima.”
It was not much different from the Ultima that Sirone had obtained from Babel in Heaven.
“okay. But still inside the black hole. Surely it won’t be sucked in again, right?”
“well.”
A light smoke resembling a miracle stream gushed out from Sirone’s body.
The difference is that black dots, like foreign substances, are mixed in the brilliant light.
“That light… … ?”
No, should I say darkness?
“Tachyon.”
The moment Sirone spoke, the light and darkness mixed wildly and burned like fire.
‘A signal born out of nothing.’ It was a superluminous particle that only God could command, controlling the cause with imaginary time.

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-125.txt
=============YYYYY=============
[125] Island. Galliant(2)
Tess struggled to hold back her laughter when she saw the two of them suddenly become less talkative. At the swordsmanship academy, he saw only his tough and tough peers, but when he met the students at the magic school, he felt like a younger brother even though they were the same age.
Please enable JavaScript
“By the way, Amy was also great. When did you learn schema?”
“Before entering magic school, I trained for about two years.”
“Oh, it’s rare to learn a schema when you’re young. Aren’t there a lot of things that say it’s not good for growth?”
“I didn’t really exercise. just… … I just happened to see it.”
Tess realized just by hearing that. Many gifted children can come out of the spirit zone, but schema is a method that overworks the body, so it was difficult to learn at an immature age.
However, with Hongan’s self-image memory, it would be possible to precisely control the body without going through a difficult training process.
“Aha, you can use the red face like that. It’s the best.”
“Yeah, it’s nothing great. There is no build, and it only strengthens the strength a little. Compared to you, he must be at the level of a child. I saw it earlier, it was really fast. If it started accelerating, it would have been wide enough that I couldn’t even cast teleportation.”
“Ah, I’m a major, but you’re a wizard, aren’t you? Moreover, Rian still can’t do the schema, so what? Now that I see it, there was a reason why the Karmis family was famous on the continent.”
Sirone looked back at Lian in surprise.
“Lian, didn’t you learn the schema? Then what about the firewood in my house? I didn’t say anything, so I thought it was a schema?”
“Ho-ho-ho! did rian do it? To borrow Mr. Quan’s words, it must be stupidly strong muscle strength. Do you know what it was like at swordsmanship school? In the last test… … .”
“Oh really! Why are you so interested in other people’s private lives?”
Ryan abruptly cut off his words. He might not know about anyone else, but he never wanted to let Shirone know about it.
But thanks to that, the atmosphere got better and everyone else talked about their school life. Even though they were in different fields, they were all students, so the conversation continued uninterrupted.
So they got to know each other.
* * *
Arriving at Creas Harbor, Sirone and his party found a ship to Galliant Island.
The large Galeas moored at Dock 6 was unfurling its sails as if it had finished preparing for departure.
Because all schools in the kingdom were on vacation at the same time, there were more tourists than usual. Cirone climbed onto the boat as if being swept away by the crowd and took her seat on the third floor deck.
There is a passenger room downstairs, but it was my first time on a boat, so it was fun to go and see the scenery.
The waves crashed and a salty wind blew. It was only after the port was submerged below the horizon that the party realized that they were floating on the sea.
“How many hours will it take?”
“I heard it’s a five-hour boat ride from Creas Harbor.”
“I see. If it was a little late, we could have left tomorrow. There are more people going to the island than I thought.”
As Sirone said, there were many people on the deck. Half of them were merchants, but there were also tourists dressed as aristocrats. Also, there were quite a few people from other places other than Creas.
“As Lian said, it must be a famous island. What kind of place is it?”
“I did my research and brought it back.”
As if Amy had been waiting, she took out her notebook. Tess, who had become friends with everyone by now, spoke openly.
“Ohh? As expected, meticulous personality.”
“I know. I never thought to look for it.”
As Sirone scratched his head shyly, Amy glared at him disapprovingly.
“You said you were exploring the ruins, but didn’t you do your research beforehand?”
“haha! no, that’s… … .”
There are two kinds of travelers in the world. People who leave recklessly and people who investigate carefully and leave.
The former could be said to be about unknown romance and the latter to be efficient, but Amy belonged to the latter.
But Sirone couldn’t belong anywhere. It was my first trip since I was born, so everything was amazing and unfamiliar.
“First, let me tell you about Galliant Island, where we are going. The site area is 1,500 square kilometers. It’s a half-moon-shaped island, and the north is a natural cliff, so ships will have to return to the southern port. The west side is a mix of residential and resort areas, and the Kergo ruins are on the eastern side of the island. The Kergo Ruins are said to be the temple of Kergoin, who established civilization 2,000 years ago.”
“Kergoin?”
“huh. Although now extinct, a small number of natives remain in the autonomous district in the center of the island. It is dark and short, but it is characterized by sunken eyes and small pupils. Oh, and he has tattoos praising Ankera on his face.”
“What is Ankera?”
“It is the name of an ancient god that Kergoin believes in. And um… … Aboriginal people chew on the hard root of a tree called loop, which seems to have hallucinogenic effects. That’s why they call loops the god’s stimulant. I was in a trance state. It is said that the cause of the destruction was religious conflict, but some say that the loop was overused and internal conflicts arose.”
“I see. that’s interesting. Hallucinogens destroy civilization.”
“Perhaps because they abused it in the name of God. That’s right, I heard from my brother, but most of the managers of the ruins are Kergoins, so you can see them. Instead, they said that they would not be able to enter the Aboriginal Autonomous Zone because outsiders were not allowed to enter. Oh, but my brother… … .”
“huh? What did you say?”
Sirone asked curiously. The older brother Amy was talking about was probably Ares, an explorer. As he traveled all over the world, there was a high probability that he knew the Kergo ruins in detail.
“My brother said so. The fall of civilizations is not decided by scholars, and if you want to know about them, you will have to come up with something more important than the price of admission.”
Sirone nodded with a meaningful expression.
“Hmm, then does that mean that there is something greater than the Kergo Ruins in the Autonomous District?
“I’m not sure. My brother is always like that. They know that if you ask a riddle, there is something more.”
“haha! But I like this more fun? That’s more important than the price of admission. What is it?”
Sirone’s heart pounded. Listening to Ares’ words as well as Alpheas’, it was clear that the Kergo ruins were not just a tourist attraction.
When Sirone couldn’t control his excitement like a child, Lian felt good in a different way. If the lord is Motivated Tang Chun, the guardian knight’s duty becomes even more important. No matter what secrets were hidden in the ruins, he intended to protect Sirone.
“Sirone, by the way, when are you planning to go? Aren’t you going right away as soon as you arrive?”
“huh. First of all, it’s a vacation, so we should have fun.”
“Then I’ll have to get a lodging first. When you get off at the port, let’s go to the resort area. Because there is a place to bathe on the west beach. There are many things to see and many famous seafood restaurants.”
Wanting to see the southern country as soon as possible, Tess clenched her fists and trembled with excitement.
“Ugh, that sounds like fun!”
There are still more than 4 hours left to arrive. However, the thrill of the trip quickly ate up the time, and finally the island they wanted began to be seen.
“and! see! It’s Galliant Island!”
Passengers standing on the prow pointed to distant islands and shouted. As if responding to that sound, Sirone and the others rushed to the top of the deck.
The northern cliffs of Galliante Island greeted them. A vertical rock wall suddenly rose as if the thick sea of trees had been split with a sword.
Passengers shouted with excitement.
“At last we have arrived! Are you really cool?”
“and! Shopping is so good! I want to swim quickly!”
But the merchants were still lying on their backs. Because the port is in the south, I knew that I would have to go around the island for another 30 minutes.
Galliant Harbor.
The port was filled with people due to phosphoric acid. Merchants getting off the ship and merchants from the island running to the ship got tangled up, causing chaos.
Tourists had to get off relatively late, and Sirone and his party waited for the crowds to subside before stepping on land.
As soon as I got off, I felt the warmth of the southern country. Creas had already entered the early autumn weather, but it was still summer on Galliante Island.
The port where the merchants fell out was filled with people engaged in another industry. They were the ones who did solicitation to attract tourists to the store.
“now! Come to the Dolphin Inn! You can have a great vacation with the lowest accommodation rates on the island! My wife says the food tastes amazing!”
“Those who want to eat authentic southern seafood! Come to our restaurant! A wagon that can move comfortably is also waiting!”
“I will lift your load! A bunch of sturdy porters waiting!”
Sirone and the others were distracted by the tout’s voice.
No one has come forward openly yet, but it is true that it is attracting attention. First of all, I got a high score for not being an adult. Besides, the clothes and weapons he was wearing were all high quality, so it was only natural that the touts would pay attention.
Of course, there were not only honest merchants among them. In the alley on the other side of the dock, several groups of people making money illegally were hunting for game.
“Whoop whoop. Come on, who shall we peel and eat today?”
A boy named Jis looked at the crowd and his eyes lit up. Behind him, two friends were looking at the same place.
What made them different from the solicitors outside was that they were not store owners. In the end, it could be said that he was a backstreet bad boy who made money only with his tongue.
The bad boy on the land and the bad boy on the island are different from each other in temperament. It was their life that they could not get even a piece of bread if they followed the rules set by the world in a space floating in the open sea.
In particular, Jess had a strong rebellious temperament from a young age and grew up receiving all sorts of scoldings. It wasn’t once or twice that he was beaten by nobles for showing his pride.
But even that experience was now just a useful tool for making money.
“Wow, there are so many people because it’s the holiday season. Jess, can we get our share today?”
“Anyway, half of them are dog hair. Don’t be flashy. You have to choose the right one to be successful.”
Jess carefully searched for customers. However, the friends who had to earn a day’s worth of money were impatient.
“Jis, choose quickly. Everyone else just snatched it up.”
“okay. wait.”
Jess scanned the harbor with a hawk’s eye. But before I could even look at the whole thing, my gaze stopped at dock 3.
Four people of similar age were having a conversation, and among them, a red-haired girl caught Jiss eye.
The features on her small face were so clear that even from afar, she felt pretty.
“Hey, that’s it! let’s make that group can you see Two men, two women.”
“really? Is there a big kid over there? Besides, you’re wearing a sword, aren’t you? Let’s just pick someone else.”
“These are real. Who am I? Isn’t it Mr. Jiss, the ruler of the port? A guy like that is a coward. If not, would you say you’re crazy and come to the tourist destination with a sword?”
“Oh, that’s a bit dangerous. No way, Jis you… … Also, isn’t the mental illness of falling in love with a woman you’ve never met? What if you are a mercenary?”
“mind! Can’t you just look at it? you are a student Students say they can’t lay a finger on us anyway. I’ll do it with a strong strategy, so support me well. Never pretend to be a noble. Guys like that need to be pushed back.”
Jess led two friends out of the alley. Even on the way to the dock, he was afraid that other touts would snatch him away, but as the girl’s face gradually came into focus, even that thought was blown away.
‘What is this girl? really pretty… … .’
It was natural romance for an island boy to feel love for a foreign woman. However, this was the first time that he felt sublime beyond her love.
Jess hurriedly gathered her mind and approached. If you leave it like this, it will be taken away by other solicitors.
—————————————

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-1250.txt
=============YYYYY=============
The Terrible Truth (6)
Arius muttered.
“Tachyon?”
The darkness blooming within the Miracle Stream is a sign of nothingness that cannot exist in this world.
Sirone’s eyes widened, and Tachyon’s ominous light expanded like the sun.
As the negative and positive energies cause a pair annihilation, the black hole begins to evaporate.
“Oh, oh!”
Arius checked the familiar landscape through the cracks in the tearing darkness.
‘The psychology of Ymir’s mother.’
As the cracks in light increased exponentially, gravity also rapidly diminished.
Chijik. Chijik.
A noise was generated from the Ultima in Arius’ hand.
“Remember.”
As contact with the outside world was cut off again, God’s voice became faint.
“Imaginary time????? Even so… … everything… … result… … god
arrangement of… …
The last message disappeared in disgrace, and the darkness of the black hole was finally completely lifted.
“Sirone!”
Miro, Gaold, Sein and Gangnan were still waiting on the ground.
Sein muttered.
“What is Ultima?”
As if he had heard those words, Arius held out the Ultima extracted from the outside world.
God was silent, and the most powerful intelligence became a phenomenon to the inner world.
came over
On the other side of the universe, 5 planets, bound by the number 5 of the law, Ymir realized.
‘Hehehe.’
It was so huge that the sense of the body, which I couldn’t even feel my presence at all, began to return.
‘done.’
My arms, legs, fingertips and toes were clearly felt, and my muscles began to contract.
‘It was really long.’ The planets of the Five Stars, which had remained as dots smaller than the body, were quickly distorted.
‘wait. Don’t break it at random.’
The rhythm of power that had been gathering for quite a long time finally reached the mind.
“Aaaaaaa!”
With the spirit spreading at the speed of sublight, the number 5 of the law was destroyed.
Ymir’s Depth Level 1. Sirone felt simultaneous events that had been blocked until now rushing in all at once.
‘I see.’
So many things happened.
The reason why the connection with other simultaneous events was cut off after <Butterflies of the Firstborn> was activated was that the information from the outside world that Sirone had received was so heterogeneous.
But now the barrier has been broken down, and Sirone in another simultaneous incident has also realized Tachion.
Cuckoo Cuckoo!
Arius said as Ymir’s depth 1 shook like an earthquake.
“It’s a big deal! Ymir is being released.”
Sirone felt it too.
‘I do not have time.’
If the king of giants returns to Sirone’s planet, then there will be nothing left.
“Let’s go down first.”
When Sirone and Arius landed at the place where Gaold and the others were, the maze approached.
“What about Ultima?”
Arius was a blasphemer in the outside world, but he was a mouse in front of a cat in the labyrinth.
“Hey, here… …
Miro, who watched the dynamically shaking blue electricity, finally smiled.
“I told you. Can I do it?”
“Haha, yes… …
Arius was thrilled and raised his head, but blood suddenly poured from his mouth.
“Wow!”
“Mister Arius!”
Since they had traveled the outside world together, Sirone was the first to support him.
Miro asked.
“What happened?” Arius’s face was rapidly growing pale, and his breathing was getting weaker.
Sirone said with a sorrowful expression.
“I logged in to extract Ultima from the outside world. In a human body, in the intelligence of God… …
There was no way to express it clearly, but Miro nodded in understanding.
“okay.”
“Ouch!”
Arius coughed up blood again.
“it’s okay.”
Although he intuited the end of his life, the corners of his mouth were raised peacefully.
“Here, take it.”
Arius held out Ultima to Miro.
The only person who knew what he had accomplished would be Sirone.
‘It’s much bigger than risking one’s life.’
He fought to the end for his heart, Maze, even after realizing the emptiness of the outside world.
“whatever? Why do I take it?”
Miro said coldly, looking down at the dying Arius.
“You’re not saying you’re going to die just like that, right? You, it’s an escape. Stop talking nonsense and get up quickly.”
“Hehehe.”
Arius burst into laughter.
‘I’m a lucky guy.’
How many people in history are there who were born as humans and penetrated the spirit of God?
‘But the best of my career is… …
Having seen Maze’s spirit.
‘Do not worry. I won’t regret it, and I won’t be afraid. Do I not know you?’
The last clots of blood poured out.
“I’m sorry.”
I have to stand by her side a little longer and save her face by pretending to be cold.
“I… … I really have to die now.” For a moment, Miro’s nostrils gained strength.
“okay?”
she can’t be sad
There is no blind spot for the Thousand-Armed Guanyin because it maintains immobility under any circumstances.
Miro, who hit Arius’ arm while handing him the Ultima, knelt beside him.
Then, as he buried the dying Arius’ face in his chest, he whispered softly.
“Good job.”
The corners of Arius’ mouth, glistening with blood, went up.
‘It’s really rare.’
Grave robber Arius.
Even his reputation as one of the world’s top 100 dangerous people was so far from justice that he was proud.
‘How did I come here?’
For the sake of mankind, I had never thought that I should live a good life from now on.
‘just… … It was fun.’
Whether it’s good or evil, it seems like there’s no need to worry about a person’s life.
‘still.’
It was nice to be able to sleep in a sanctuary for good.
‘What will I become after I die? really… … Will that world be waiting?’
I imagined myself smiling dejectedly, knowing that it was only a dream.
“Quack.”
F*ck or F*ck
‘Even if I live twice, no, even if I reincarnate hundreds of lives, I… …
Mirora will serve the god.
‘Okay?’
As Arius’s head fell to the side, Miro finally held Ultima in his hand.
“This is it… …
“Give it up.”
Everyone turned their heads at Ymir’s voice.
“It is mine.” A lot of words that could be refuted came to mind, but the reason why they couldn’t come out of their mouths.
“crazy.”
It was because of Ymir’s smiling face like a demon and the speculation that seemed to overwhelm the world.
Miro handed over Ultima to Sirone.
“get out. I will stop you.”
“but… …
“That is our only hope. I will stop Ymir, so you quickly make it into an object.”
If you enter Dremo and use Louver’s authority, Ultima becomes a perfect object.
‘Can they survive?’
Miro and Gaold are both masters he acknowledges, but Ymir, whose source of power is threatened, is on a different level.
“Make an offer.”
Contrary to what was said, Sirone and the others felt sick to their stomach.
“It looks like my body will soon regain its freedom. At that time, neither of you will survive. Someone scarier than me will come in.”
Superego, the ruler of the mind.
Like Sirone before, Ymir’s super ego must be in a weakened state after being restrained.
‘It’s different now. If Ymir gains power… …
Sein asked.
“What do you want to say?”
“If you leave Ultima as it is, I’ll send it back to you. Let’s compete outside.”
“Heh, how can we say that… … Sein reduced his words.
‘I have no choice but to believe it.’ If the strongest ego in the universe tells a servile lie, wouldn’t that be sad too?
“Decide. There are 30 seconds left.” Cuckoo Cuckoo!
The first level of depth vibrated violently, and a huge hand entered through the heavenly curtain.
Aaaaa!
Opening the sky with both hands, I saw a gigantic giant that took my breath away.
‘Ymir’s super ego.’
“Twenty seconds.”
The group looked at each other with their hearts pounding at Ymir’s countdown.
Thoughts were read even without words.
“Run away!”
At the same time as Sein shouted, everyone in the party ran without looking back.
Sein was not ashamed.
‘Is this right. Fighting that monster because you’re crazy when you don’t get anything? If you extract Ultima anyway… …
Ymir’s mind will split into 10 billion pieces.
“it’s over. We won.”
“Ten seconds.”
Ymir’s eyes slid open, and the superego in the sky raised a fist.
No matter where you run, you die instantly.
‘There is no way to escape… …
“Oh Dae-sung!”
Louver and Mong-a were waiting with the gate to exit to Drimo installed.
Sirone shouted while holding out her Ultima.
“hurry! There is no time! If I don’t convert it to an object… … !”
“Five seconds.”
Aaaaaaa!
Superego’s screams made his ears go numb, and Louver pointed at the door and shouted something.
“……I”
No one could hear.
Standing at the top of an ivory tower with a view of the sky.
“Big!”
Argones distorted his impression by making a violent sound like never before.
“Did they invade after all?”
With Syrone’s contact with the outside world, Argones gained the right to end.
“I will destroy mankind.”
Just as Argones was about to activate the cell buster, Taeseong struggled to open his mouth.
“Wait.”
“wait? What are you talking about? No matter how much you love humans, humanity has crossed the line.”
“It is not so. I can convince you. Sirone, answer me. Do you really want to fight to the end?”
Even Sirone in the Ivory Tower now knows the reality of the Illuminati.
“I just want to protect my world.”
“is it so.”
Taeseong looked back at Argones.
“Nothing has happened yet. give us a chance You can’?”
This time I told Thing.
“Stop it now. Do you really want a cellbuster to trigger? Are you saying that sticking to your ideas is really more important than the existence and annihilation of mankind as a whole? Trust me. I will protect you as the representative of humanity.”
Thing’s face contorted.
“Big.”
Even the most subjective woman in the world was lost in this situation.
‘What the hell are you talking about me?’
“Thing.”
Sirone said.
“I got Ultima.”
“??????what’?”
“In the outside world, at someone’s expense. Now humanity can unite. That you no longer have to fight alone.”
Is it true?
“As you said, everyone except me might be an illusion. But can you trust me? Leave it to me.”
“Huh…
Singh’s face turned into a tear.
‘It’s really amazing.’
Sirone doesn’t know, but Son Yu-jeong couldn’t stand it for 10 minutes and her hair turned white.
“integrated.”
Singh said in a hoarse voice.
“Can we live together? No more doubting each other, no need to tremble with anxiety… …
Sirone said with a sorrowful look.
“okay.” Singh did not move for a long time, but everyone in the Ivory Tower calmly waited.
“okay.”
And finally… … Singh’s arm, which was restraining Taeseong, began to fall slowly.
“I will trust you.”
The piercing was broken.
But Singh’s face looked relaxed and had a pretty smile that I hadn’t seen before.
‘You know how to make a face like that.’
It has no meaning now, but with this, the stars of the ivory tower have become one again.
Sirone held out his hand.
“let’s go. I have a lot of things to help you with.” “hmm.”
The moment Singh tried to hold the hand, Sirone’s eyes suddenly widened and his body shook.
“Huh!”
“Sirone?”
Singh couldn’t even move the report.
It was because the eyes of the woman stabbing Sirone’s heart from behind were too cold.
“How arrogant you are, man.”
It was Taeseong.

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-1251.txt
=============YYYYY=============
The Horrible Truth (7)
“Tae, Taeseong… …
There was no life, no hostility.
No, even if there was, Sirone probably wouldn’t have been able to respond.
It was about that size.
“Why me… …
The size of your heart that Shirona relied on Taeseong in the lonely fight for humanity.
Taeseong straightened up and pulled out his hand.
“omg!”
As Sirone fell to the floor, she looked at her bloodstained hands for a moment.
Thing’s gaze went down.
“Sirone.”
A clean fatal blow.
Gentle convulsions were all Sirone could do.
“I know.”
Taeseong said as he wiped away the blood.
“Why are you doing such a useless thing?”
Sensing a chill that seemed to freeze his soul, Singh asked with his shoulders trembling.
“Did you trick us?”
“What are you talking about?”
Even Singh, who did not believe Taeseong, must have forgotten one thing.
The fact that she is not human.
“I am the manager. We cannot leave alive those who have infiltrated the outside world.”
When Taeseong turned Sirone’s body over on his feet, a frowning face was revealed.
“Turn it off! please!”
“Heart stopped. Regeneration is impossible. I don’t want you to try anymore.”
Sirone gritted his teeth.
‘Die.’
I tried to move my heart with the Miracle Stream, but it didn’t budge as if it had become steel.
‘The legal code has entered. Regeneration is… …
Sirone’s eyes rolled up, and at the end of her consciousness, her vision narrowed like the eye of a needle.
What came to mind at the last moment.
-Save yourself from the terrible truth.
‘I’m angry.’
Even the faint sound of breathing disappeared, and Sirone remained motionless, revealing the white of her body.
It was death.
“uh… …
Singh stared, dazed.
I watched Sirone’s death right in front of me, but I still couldn’t organize my mind.
The only thing that moves is anger.
“I will kill you.”
Staring at the life in Sing’s eyes indifferently, Taeseong moved on.
“You still sound stuffy. I have no life. And now humanity is over.”
She stopped in front of Argones and said.
“Let’s start.”
“Hmm.” The manager is a program that manages an independent area, but eventually moves under the god’s computing device.
Singh didn’t know how much they knew about each other, but… … .
“Cell Buster.”
Argones’ expression was not pleasant.
As his body differentiated into numerous anticells, Thing, who came to his senses belatedly, reached out his hand.
“no!”
However, when Taeseong regained his freedom, nothing could stop them.
“Keugh!”
Taeseong blocked Singh’s law, and Argones transformed into countless cells and soared into the sky.
‘finished.’
Because he has a stronger opinion than anyone else, even his fighting spirit disappeared the moment he thought about it.
“Huh!”
Singh fell to his knees and wept.
Taeseong is approaching.
“I didn’t want to go this far. If possible, I wanted to live with the children I created.”
“Huh. How, how could he not hear anything at this moment, so Tae-sung turned around.
“Please, in the next reincarnation… …
She, too, flew into the sky, and only her cold voice remained in the ivory tower.
“I hope you don’t make this mistake.” What remains is the crying Sing, the devastated Yin and Yang, and “Aaaa! Aaaaa!” It was Sirone’s corpse.
Spirit of Ymir.
After leaving the gate installed on the first level of depth, Sirone and the others turned around with a surprised expression.
“Mr. Louver.”
Luver, holding Ultima, was still in Ymir’s mind.
“I’m sorry.”
Sein, Miro, Gaold, and Gangnan did not know what he was trying to say.
“Oh Dae-sung.”
Mong-ah put on a sad expression.
“You made a big mistake.” And at that moment, an incident occurred in the Ivory Tower where Taeseong stopped Sirone’s heart.
“Huh!”
I learned the whole situation belatedly, but before I could do anything, Sirone collapsed.
“you… …
The moment Miro rushes first, Gaul Dewa Sein, and Gangnan follow.
“The outside world.”
Louver said.
“Something no one should ever approach.” The gate closed at the same time as the incarnation of the Thousand Hands Guanshi Yin discharged the capital.
“One second.”
Aaaaa!
The fist of Ymir’s superego was within reach of them.
Woooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooh!
A powerful shock wave pushed all the atmosphere in the depth 1st stage and exploded in a flash of light.
In the place where everything was swept away, Louver looked at the giant’s fist that had stopped in front of him.
“Take it.”
Louver handed over Ultima, but the giant’s fist didn’t even move.
Avatar, Ymir asked.
“Is it a deal?”
“no. Are there any more left?”
Sirone and the others returned to reality, and the only thing left in reality was the destruction of mankind.
“You are annoying.”
Of course, if Ultima had been extracted, it is already unknown what would have happened to Le’s future.
However, if he had only been afraid of such a problem, he would not have yielded a blow to Guffin.
so that.
“Gaaaaa!”
Ymir was furious.
The incarnation’s blows were violent enough to stop the heart of a creature.
Louver calmly kept his seat.
“Don’t take it.”
When the giant’s index finger and thumb picked up Ultima, it instantly permeated and a black hole was born again in the sky.
“I hate being in debt. Let me know if you want anything.”
“Are you going to the human world?”
“then?”
It was the hottest battlefield in the entire multiverse.
“Destroy, thoroughly. If you are the last one left, then I will recognize you as the strongest.”
Louver and Mongah disappeared.
“joy.”
He had no particular complaints about the proposal, but he was displeased with the thought that God was putting him down.
‘wait. Because you’re next.’ Having made a deal anyway, she was sure of what Ymir had to do.
“Quack! Shall we play properly?” annihilation of all mankind.
Thing’s heart fell endlessly.
“I couldn’t make it.”
Soon, anticells would attack the world, and mankind would return to nothingness through the first cells.
“If only I had been a little stronger. If only I had pushed through a little more… …
“Oh Dae-sung.”
Where Singh turned his head, Yin and Yang Zi stood.
“Thank you so far.”
“you.”
I realized what I was going to do.
“I don’t know how long it will last, but at least it will give humanity time to react.” It was a strategy to temporarily delay Cell Buster’s law by using the power of Taegeuk.
“no. We still need your strength. Yahweh is dead too. If you guys leave too… …
Yangji shook his head.
“You know. Human thinking cannot reach the perfect Taegeuk. We are determined.”
Grrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr!
A thunderclap was heard in the sky, and the silvery anticells began to differentiate.
“There is no time. Please let me do it.” Thing gritted his teeth.
Even if they stop the cell buster for a while, what’s the point?
‘The reason I have to fight to the end.’ to take responsibility
“request.”
When Xing’s decision was made, Yin Zhi and Yang Zhi smiled and nodded at the same time.
“Bye… …
The bodies of the two women who opened the immortal function shone brightly, and their minds scattered into the world.
and after a while
Grrrrrrung! Grrrrrrung!
The anticells that had covered about 1/10 of the field of view began to gather again into a single point.
Thus, a huge aggregate of cells gathered in a circle like the moon was born.
Sensing a vibration that seemed like it would explode at any moment, Sing hugged her body.
“You have to think.”
In the short time the two have earned, mankind must find a way somehow.
“please??????
Amidst her blood-drying nervousness, her gaze turned to the cold Sirone.
“Aaaaa!”
Kang Nan woke up screaming.
From dream to dream, from dream to dream again, after going through countless dreams within dreams… … .
“Huh! Huh!”
It was an unfamiliar yet somehow familiar temple.
‘It was a terrible nightmare.’
After thinking about that for a while, she realized that this was Galliant Island, not far from Tormia.
“Sirone!”
It wasn’t just a dream, and where she turned her head, everyone in the party was awake.
No, not everyone.
Miro approached Arius, who was lying peacefully on the bloodstained bed.
“bye.”
Holding his forehead, she looked back at the temple the Kergos had prepared for her.
“No one came in.”
It was an enclosed space, but the silence, deeper than silence, created an ominous feeling.
And another one who hasn’t woken up yet.
“Sirone! Wake up, Sirone!”
Gangnan shook his shoulders, but Sirone closed his eyes and remained motionless as if he were dead.
“What happened?”
Said Sain as Gaold approached.
“It must be the aftermath of a simultaneous incident. It must have been a fatal shock in another space.”
“But it is strange. Simultaneous events are incarnations. If it’s really fatal, I can’t keep it.” After a moment of silence, Miro opened her mouth.
“It is dead.”
Everyone looked around the maze.
“Dead?”
“He was mortally wounded, but his mind is awake. In other words, the heart is dead, but the brain is alive.”
Gangnan opened his arms.
“Does that make sense? When your heart stops, it means you are dead.”
“How do you know?”
Gangnan kept his mouth shut.
“Has your heart never stopped?”
“That, that… …
“Of course, this would be an unusual case. But this situation happened because such a peculiar thing happened. In other words, Sirone is currently dead… …
Miro raised his index finger.
“live.”
two… … .
‘please! please!’
Sirone desperately tightened her heart.
‘Jump!’
pounding! pounding!
When the stopped heart finally started beating, a tremendous shock hit the body.
“Huh uh uh uh!”
The moment he jumped up, it was Thing who was rather surprised.
“What, what?”
Watching with an absurd expression, she saw Sirone in pain and crawled away.
“Sirone! Sirone!”
“Big!”
His body, which wanted blood, was as hot as if it were on fire, and the wounds on his back were still intact.
“From hemostasis… … !”
Sing concentrated on the law as blood poured out.
When the recovery power of the Miracle Stream was added on top of that, the bleeding was quickly stopped.
“What happened? Aren’t you dead?”
“He is dead.”
His heart stopped, so of course he did, but his brain wasn’t even paralyzed yet.
“I’m sorry, Thing. because of me… …
“no.”
Thing shook his head.
“I didn’t decide based on what other people said. I did it because I understood. You persuaded me.”
Thank you for saying that.
“The cell buster has been activated. We have to find a way to stop it.”
“Where is Taeseong?”
This time, Singh was also angry.
“You still don’t know? We’ve been tricked. Administrators are just servants of God anyway!”
Of course, Sirone thought so too. but… … .
“Why didn’t you aim for the head?”
“huh?”
“Why heart? No, it could have burst your heart. Why did you stop it?”
“Are you crazy? Tae-seong tried to kill you!”
“know. But I don’t know. God, can a perfect arithmetic device make such a mistake?”
“that… …
Thing couldn’t answer.
“This is an important matter. You must check.”
“what?”
“Maybe Taeseong… …
Just like the reason why the jet we met in Apocalypse was different from many jets.
“Maybe something went wrong?” In other words, it is called the mind.

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-1252.txt
=============YYYYY=============
The Horrible Truth (8)
Thing asked.
“error… … Called?”
“Otherwise I don’t understand. To have blown the best chance to kill me like this.”
Thing couldn’t dispute that either.
“What are you going to do now? I’m blocking Cell Buster with Taegeuk’s power, but I can’t hold out for long.”
Sirone saw a mass of anti-cells compressed in the sky.
“The reason cell busters are scary is because anti-cells are endlessly differentiated. If you destroy one, it becomes two, and if you destroy two, it becomes four. If it is differentiated like that, eventually the number of humans will increase, and the world will perish.”
“Is it still increasing?”
The proof was that the mass of anticell was vibrating.
“If you go on like this, you will explode. And when it explodes, numbers we can’t imagine will pour into the world.”
“I will find a way.”
“how?”
Sirone shook her head.
“I don’t know yet. but… … If she is him, maybe she has the answer.”
Ardino Fermi.
‘Because he’s smarter than me in this way.’
When the wound healed somewhat, Sirone stepped back from Sing, who was supporting her.
“This is the end of the Ivory Tower simultaneous incident. I will meet Fermi at the temple, so Sing must summon the remaining stars and come to him.”
“Before that, there is something I want to ask you.”
It was luck for humanity that Sirone survived, but there were still some unpleasant parts.
“What do you think of Taeseong? Yin and Yang made sacrifices. Make an accurate judgment.”
“I believe.”
Sirone was adamant.
“Of course, I don’t trust the manager. That’s clearly my mistake. But there must be a reason why Taeseong didn’t kill me. It had to be.”
“If not?”
Thing asked.
“What if there was no reason for that? What if you thought stopping your heart was enough?”
“then… …
Sirone’s eyes flashed with life.
“Never forgive. Not only Taeseong, but even Shin. You will pay the price for scorning mankind.”
Thing smiled.
“That’s enough.”
Because the yin and yang would have said the same thing.
“See you at the temple.”
Sirone’s body faded away, and only Singh remained at the top of the Ivory Tower.
“Are you alone again?”
By the time the idea blooms again that we can never know the truth of others.
“Oh Dae-sung.”
The stars of the Unified Space Management Department have entered.
‘mini. Ariana. Kira.’
Most of the inhabitants of the Ivory Tower are injured or dead, but there are still comrades to fight alongside.
“let’s go.”
Sing decided to trust Sirone.
Electrical phase space.
Managers communicated in the invisible realm where radio waves intersect at the speed of light.
It was just a cold exchange of signals, but if you put them in a human way… … .
“Why did you do that?”
Anyone would think that Argones was angry.
“What?”
“Couldn’t you have killed it more reliably? It was as easy as cutting off his head or destroying his brain.” The spread of Taeseong came late.
“I don’t know what you are talking about. It was not my intention that Sirone survived. I just did the best my program could do.”
This time, Argones did not respond.
Administrators all have their own sectors to prevent system disruption.
‘Why are you like that?’
If we were to humanize the information being analyzed in the sector of Argones, it would be something like this.
‘Clearly, it’s hard to see that the Gaia program changed methods for humanity. That’s the same level of contradiction as me not triggering a cell buster.’
‘error?’
Should I report to the higher sector?
If it was a program, it should have been, but Argones couldn’t put it into practice.
“Stop it. If you doubt me, I won’t leave you alone either.”
Although on an equal footing, when viewed systematically, Gaia is higher than Argones.
‘The source is blocked. Why are you like that?’
Argones asked.
“I don’t want to collide with you. If there really isn’t a problem, it’s just a matter of letting the core system decide.”
“No problem.”
Just when Argones was trying to find another route to bypass Taeseong, a new radio wave came.
“It prevented humanity from having an Ultima.”
It was a louver.
“Good job. What about Sirone?”
“I got out of Drimo. Is it the work of Taeseong? I think it was an excellent decision.”
“You said you got out?”
The radio wave of Argones pushed strongly.
“okay. i sent it That was the only way to put my medicine on Ymir. There is no Ultima anyway, so the only thing left is the destruction of mankind.”
is it?
‘Why are these things like this?’
Argones suddenly had this question.
‘Could it be that I am an error?’
Taeseong said.
“There is no need to complicate things. Aren’t you also in a state where the Cell Buster is blocked? If you suspect a miscalculation as a systemic error, you are not free either.”
Mona asked.
“By the way, where is the hidden code manager?”
Lethe of Oblivion.
Managers who realized the absence sent radio waves at the same time, but there was no response.
“This is an error.”
Not sending any signal at a critical moment when a system from the outside world is being attacked.
Louver said.
“We can do what we have to do. In each sector, destroying humanity and closing this universe.”
“good.”
Argones approved.
“We conclude that there is no problem in each sector except for Lethe. No more mistakes in judgment will be tolerated. In the future, I will monitor all programs.”
Taeseong said coldly.
“If you can.”
“… … Disappointing.”
If you were human, wouldn’t you have said this?
After the managers’ meeting ended, Taeseong returned to his system.
In the dark space where the blue light passed, she was kneeling somewhat.
‘I can’t report this.’
One command after another was pouring in from her own system.
‘why?’
‘why?’
why? why? why? why? why?
‘What happened to me? Where is it wrong?’
why? why? why? why? why?
Only questions of unknown reason or source were being calculated endlessly in Taeseong’s mind.
Finally, Ryan arrived.
Originally, it was the deepest part of the Valley of Wailing, where the huge river of fire flowed as a tributary.
“ha. ha.”
His body was covered with scars after wading through waves of black monks and demons while carrying the fainting sirone.
However, because the enemies were still chasing him, he had no time to take care of himself.
Kyaa o}o}o}o}o}!
The screams of a slender woman.
No, the true voice connected to thousands of chains protruding from the valley was motionless.
So this… … .
‘The scream of the soul.’
?kya o}o}o}o}o}o]”!
Even Rian, who had gone through all of the prenatal battles, couldn’t help but feel the pain in her bones at this moment.
“… … go.”
Jin Seong-eum, who spread her limbs, slowly raised her head.
“spin… … go.”
If there is an acquaintance, then there is, but in her eyes there was no emotion for a familiar person.
‘It’s terrible.’
Did she really intend to endure this pain forever?
“I am Ryan.”
“spin… … Go.”
“From now on, I will save you. I think the shock will be quite big, but I hope you will endure it.”
“no… … . If you purify me, the other world will open… … The world goes to hell… …
“There is a way. I don’t know, but Sirone said so. You can go back.” When Jin Seong-yin shut her mouth, Rian put down the sirone and stretched her big sword.
As the chain connecting the sword and the hand became hot, <Idea> became red hot.
“Whoa!”
The fire of Gehenna that purifies everything
Lian also came here with terrible pain, but this time it would be on a different level.
“Goes.”
Jin Seong-eum nodded weakly, and Lian rushed forward with the face of a yaksha.
“Yaaaaa!”
The moment the sword was thrust into the ground, the chains connected to the valley trembled terribly.
“Huh!”
Seongeum, who had never shown weakness except for the screams of his soul, raised his head.
“Quaaaaaaaaa!”
The chains turned red and finally burned, and all her karma began to be purified.
Ryan’s face hardened even more.
‘Hold on. Hold on.’
The size of the pain is astonishing, but the identity of the despair I felt when I first struck the big sword… … .
‘There is no end.’
It is not an exaggeration to say that it was a huge karma for all mankind.
– You sinner!
A wild beast flew from the sky, and the demons who followed Lian found Sirone.
“Yahweh! Kill Yahweh!”
‘damn!’
Ryan was conflicted.
The pain was tolerable, but the effort did not speed up the purification.
‘Sirone asked me to find the true sound. i am a knight I have to follow my lord’s orders.’
Senses more sensitive than insects caught the chains of the monsters, and the echo of the ground was felt right away.
“Big!”
Ryan turned around.
‘I have to save Sirone!’
My body moved first before I could think, and the moment I tried to pick up the great sword stuck in the ground.
“Stop.” A woman who fell from the sky held out her hand.
“Hey!”
The demons were frightened and surprised, and the monsters did not even dare to break the order.
“Lethe.”
As she carefully inspected the demons, she met eyes with Lian, whose body was on fire.
‘I’m really going to do it. You’re an absurd human being.’
Even if Gehenna purifies karma, there was no human being who could survive.
“you… …
“stop.”
The moment Lete took a step, Lian crouched down and prepared to jump out.
“Stay there. The moment you move, the sword stuck in the ground will cut your neck.”
It was said that Jin Seong-eum could not become a hostage, but Lethe had a different idea.
‘There are times when that person is nervous too.’ She looked at Sirone, who had fallen to the floor.
‘Yahweh.’
At the beginning of the boundary between life and death, in Bardo, emotions are embodied as tangible substances.
Thus, proof that Yahweh, in perfect defenselessness, truly forgave.
Lethe turned around and said.
“Stop going away. I will protect this place.”
“Lethe.”
The demons were bewildered.
“Why are you blocking the attack? Isn’t now the perfect opportunity to kill Yahweh?”
” I am??????
I wasn’t sure if I could convince them, but Lethe struggled to open her mouth.
“I will fight on the side of Yahweh.” There wasn’t even a buzz.
All he felt was a sense of betrayal and unprecedented hostility toward Lethe.
“Must have heard us wrong?”
“No, literally. Yahweh forgave Ma. Now that God is about to close the world, I follow Yahweh’s will.”
– Hey Lethe.
said the black monk.
“Isn’t there something wrong? Administrators have no right to reject results set by God.”
“there is.”
Lethe raised her head and raised an eyebrow.
“Because I am a mind program.”
Even a variable that rejects God is possible because he is the only manager who calculates emotions.
Lette shook her head slightly.
“continue.”
Lian was conflicted for a moment, but had no other choice but to trust her.
“… … request.”
When it became clear that he had joined hands with humans, the leader of the group said.
“All right.”
And the next moment, all the demons trembled with anger and rushed at Lethe.
“die! Abominable Lethe!”
Lethe’s eyebrows went up in sorrow at the sight of a child-like being running to kill her.
‘It’s disgusting?’
You must have been very sad too, Yahweh.
“Ho Ho.”
The fire of purification lit up in her eyes, and soon her whole body burned like a volcano.
“You are free to come.”
I will forget you no matter what sins you commit.
“I am your mother.” Lethe of Oblivion.

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-1253.txt
=============YYYYY=============
The disability of being human (1)
Hwa Resources Management Corporation.
Even though they knew that Lethe would not come back, the staff couldn’t leave.
“The system is shutting down.”
The aftermath of Rian’s cleansing of the Valley of Lamentation was shaking the whole of Hell.
Vivian, the informator in charge of Lian, delivered the information transmitted through the hidden code.
“Lethe is protecting Yahweh. Demons, it seems like they’re extremely angry.”
Leona said.
“of course. It was like fire and water. But Yahweh is great. He thought there would be no compromise forever. I see things like this after working for a long time.”
“It won’t be easy. Even if Lethe-nim manages Hell, Satan is still the head of the demons.”
Kururrureung!
The ground was collapsing.
‘It’s not long.’
When this battle is over and the system is destroyed, they too will return to nothing.
‘so… … What are you going to do?’
Leona wanted to check the last journey of Chagall and Etella, which she was in charge of.
“ha! ha!”
Chagall ran endlessly.
“Aaaaaaa!”
Although the enormous karma given to the two of them has now been reduced to an enormous amount.
“kill! I will tear you limb from limb!” It also proved that the pain Chagall felt was so great.
“Why can’t we meet?”
No matter how much he ran, Ethella could not be caught.
“wait. I have something to tell you. I mean, I have something I want to tell you.”
Once I met and saw her face, I was confident that I would change her mind.
No, even if it is irreversible.
“Kill it!”
He would rather cut her throat and go mad if he didn’t keep her by his side.
“damn!”
No matter how fast you speed up, the interval is constant.
“why!”
Even if I wanted to give up, I felt like I could get hold of his sense of smell and her perfume at any moment.
“Aaaaaaa!”
Chagall’s heart was terribly torn.
‘Let’s meet.’
You have to sheath everything you can see.
‘It only takes once.’
You give and give and give and give and give and give until you scream and beg for your wrongdoing… … .
“please.”
Chagall realized.
“Please give me one chance.” Perhaps he could lose Etella forever like this.
“Like this dog!”
Chagall, who had been crying out to the sky, stopped running and limped forward.
” I am??????
And in the end, he knelt down on the spot and poured out tears as he said:
“I was wrong.”
At that moment, Chagall’s mind fell endlessly and the enormous karma was purified.
I heard Leona’s voice.
-Time remaining until purification 24 years around 8,341… … .
Chagall did not hear.
It didn’t matter how much karma they had left.
“I ruined everything. I won’t do that again. It doesn’t matter if you suffer in hell forever. So Chagall cried and raised her head.
“Please let me see it just once.” the only wish
“Wrong. I can’t send it like this. You can do anything to me, just once… … It was to see Etella’s smiling face.
– ha.
It was a broadcasting accident that caused the sound of sighs to leak out, but Leona calmly turned off the audio system.
Resting her chin on the table, she held her hands together and looked sadly at the evil of the evils she repented of.
“I know… … Why did you do that?”
I shouldn’t have done that.
“There were plenty of opportunities to turn around. A chance to start over, to be happy… …
You’ve been given countless times in your life.
Caught in a blind rage, he couldn’t judge anything, and he just resented the world.
“That all that remains is regret.” Vivian came over.
“Now you really have come to the end.”
“huh. Because time is irreversible to humans. Regret may be the most miserable and saddest emotion.”
“You can’t always change. A self-destructive race that knows the right answer but stubbornly writes out the wrong answer.”
disability of being human.
Vivien and Leona followed Chagall’s running again with their eyes.
“I have no choice but to run.”
It would be the only hope left for him.
A river of fire flowed in the Valley of Lamentation.
The identity of the golden lava, as rich as before Jin Seong-eum purified it… … .
“Kill Lethe!”
It was the demons of the demons gathered here.
“I will cut her throat and show you clearly! To tear the flesh of the abominable Yahweh!”
Countless demons prepared for extinction and jumped into Lethe’s fire.
“Kuaaa!”
Every time her children disappeared, Lete’s heart ached as well.
“Poor children, why are you angry? Anger always ends in regret.”
“You betrayed us! You abandoned us!”
The demons shed bloody tears and shouted.
As if Lethe didn’t care if his death hurt her even a little bit.
Lethe’s eyes darkened.
” but??????
You too were born as humans.
Because the number of demons being purified was enormous, the river of fire flowed upwards.
It was the place where Lian and Jin Seong-eum were, and Sirone was also lying there.
With all his might, Lian fueled the flames of Gehenna.
“Aaaaaaa!”
The valley shook, and the flowing river of fire instantly evaporated in front of Sirone.
‘Protect Sirone.’
Even in the painful state to the point of losing consciousness, one thought still lingered.
– What an absurd fool.
Black monks roaming the sky pierced Lian’s body with chains.
“Big!”
The skin on his face cracked open, revealing a skeleton close to a skull.
‘I can’t stand it like this.’
Although he raised his divine transcendence to the limit, Idea’s resilience was not the same as before.
At the point where his muscles and bones were melting, Lian’s soul felt like it was on fire.
4 I…
A guy with no special talent?
‘The world calls me a great swordsman, but to be honest, it doesn’t matter anymore. They say that I don’t care whether they admire or are jealous.’
Are you proud to have reached this level?
‘No way.’
Well, if the level of being a great swordsman had fallen from the sky, I would at least bow down.
‘There’s no way I’m in a good mood.’
It’s just a title exchanged for pain.
‘How to be good at something?’
i know only one
‘Even if it hurts because I’m not doing well, even if it’s all kinds of selfish intentions, unreasonable situations, s@distic pain, despair in front of the impossible, and ridicule from countless people who don’t understand my pain.
“Be patient.”
That’s all.
“Aaaaaaa!”
tolerate
“Never break!”
The red energy began to run through the chain of the black monk that had been stuck in Rian’s body.
-Dangerous! get off!
Belatedly, the black monk spread, but the fire of Gehenna climbed the chain faster than that.
Woooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooh!
The cluster of black monks caused a huge explosion.
“I-what is that?”
Even the demons who hated Lethe were stunned by the flames that filled the entire sky.
Lethe looked back.
“It is purified.”
Lian’s body, burning like fuel, was melting the chains connected to Jin Seong-eum.
The voice’s soul screamed.
Kyaaaaaaa!
If she was purified like this, she would also be completely melted and destroyed by fire.
‘What should I do now, Sirone?’ Therefore, in order to save the voice, the system of the other side world would have to be paralyzed for a moment.
And the timing depended on the hands of the Jincheon Empire, which sent Perm Light.
Anchal cried out in a cold sweat.
“Your Majesty the Emperor! This is the final step!” The energy being accumulated in Etela passed 99% and was heading towards 100%.
“Cool!”
Sitting on a chair, Jin Kang’s body was half bent like a willow tree.
“Lungs, Your Majesty.”
should have already died.
Raising his head with unfocused eyes, he slowly rose from his chair and stumbled.
The reason why no one supported him was probably because now was the most meaningful time in the emperor’s life.
“Daughter.”
My daughter Jin Seong-eum.
‘I realized it only after sending you to hell. Jin Kang, who knows no regrets… …
He was sobbing with bloody tears.
“Hell?”
Jin Kang’s face contorted like a demon.
“How dare you guys, my daughter?”
A red light came into the lens of Perm Photon.
Chagall suddenly raised his head.
“Ethella?”
Her nostalgia, which had spread throughout the underworld, was suddenly felt nearby.
‘Stay close.’
Chagall sniffed like mad.
“Ethella! Ethella!”
Perhaps it was because he had repented?
“okay! Hang in there!”
There is no greed.
For the last time, I couldn’t ask for more if I could see her face in my eyes.
“Ethella!”
Etella, riding on the Taegeuk chain and hearing Chagall’s voice, slowly turned around.
The reason Chagall captured her perfume was that her journey was over.
“It’s here, kids.” The tremendous energy amplified from one’s own body will sooner or later destroy hell.
“mom! mom!”
With everything entangled in Limbo, Ethella thought of Chagall as she waited for her last moment.
“sorry.”
The reason why he had no choice but to turn away from Chagall was because he knew what Taegeuk’s karma was.
“It is irreversible.”
If liberating Limbo and saving Jin Seong-eum is the job given to Sun.
“Your misdeeds… …
It was a karma full of endless regrets.
“Ethella! Aaaaaa! Ethella!” Chagall walked all over the place crying.
Although the position is being established little by little, the remaining karma between the two has also rapidly decreased.
“no! no!”
don’t cleanse me
‘Because it’s okay to be in hell, my feet… …
He couldn’t disappear like this, so Chagall inhaled enough to bleed from his nose.
Ethella gently closed her eyes.
‘come.’
The moment she felt a huge explosion from within, Chagall’s eyes widened.
‘Hey there!’
Accurately pinpointing Etella’s location, he threw himself with all his might.
-4,232 hours of purification time remaining. 3,511 hours. 2,382 hours… … .
Chagall prayed.
“Oh God.”
Please have mercy.
“Did you think I would drive you to hell and be safe! The Princess of Jincheon! You dare my daughter!”
Spitting blood out of his mouth, Jin Kang screamed while clutching his chest.
“Aaaaaaaaaaa!”
It was the final blow that my father threw into hell.
As Etella’s body was engulfed in light, Chagall’s voice was heard from afar.
“no!”
He was running right in this direction, but Etella knew his outcome.
“We cannot meet.”
No matter how much you narrow the space, time won’t allow it.
Chagall stopped breathing.
‘ there is!’
When you get there, you can see Ethella.
It wouldn’t matter if she was in the process since she couldn’t see anyway.
-Remaining purification time 5 seconds, 4 seconds, 3 seconds.
As if mocking Chagall, Karma was shrinking to a precise distance standard.
Chagall held out his hand.
“little bit more!”
And when that fingertip reached 1 meter in front of Etella.
-1 sec.
“Huh!”
finally found out
Absence of only 1 second.
However, one second without it is the same as an infinite distance when converted into space.
“Ethella.”
Chagall cried.
“I was wrong… …
At the same time, a tremendous explosion occurred in Etela’s body, destroying the process.
Kurrrrr!
As seismic waves spread throughout Hell, the last words of the Informator were heard.
-purification… … end… … It is.

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-1254.txt
=============YYYYY=============
The disability of being human (2)
Hwa Resources Management Corporation.
As the energy of the pama mineral energy exploded, the system of the other world was completely destroyed.
Explosions exploded all over the headquarters, but this was just a warning of the disaster to come.
At the karma management department where the ceiling collapsed, Leona finally looked away from the vision.
The end of Chagall and Etella seemed to tell us what karma means to humans.
Kururrureung!
The building shook violently.
Soon, most things will turn to ashes as the barrier between reality and the other side collapses… … .
“Haa, it’s finally time to get off work.”
Leona was not in a bad mood.
While numerous informants were preparing to leave, Vivian handed over the car.
“Come on, drink.”
“Hey, what’s up? take all of this from you Hell will be destroyed.”
“haha.”
Laughing at Leona’s joke, Vivian asked as she sipped her tea.
“How long will you survive, Demon?”
“well. Even if I can’t do it, won’t it exceed a billion? Demons are persistent and there are many of them. But the only certainty is that they won’t go extinct… …
Leona looked out the window.
“As long as humans live, it will never disappear.”
“… … yes.”
Vivian held out her hand.
“it was fun. Goodbye forever with this. I wish you a good trip.” It was a relationship that was so fiercely in check, but when it happened like this, everything was a memory.
“you also.”
Whoa!
At the same time as the two informants shook hands, an explosion occurred in the Karma management department.
The building of the chemical company melted like molten iron.
That’s how hell is ruined.
A huge ripple of fire began to spread around the point where the Pama Gwangcheonseong exploded.
“Kuaaa! Run away!”
It looks slow, but in reality, the demons right in front of you couldn’t even dare to escape and were swept away.
“There! Get out there!”
A hole was made in the boundary line of Parkji, and reality and landscape began to overlap locally.
“Kyaaaagh!”
The same goes for people in real life who are surprised.
The family who stayed at home in the atmosphere of the end of the century were stunned by the road to hell that unfolded before their eyes.
“Hee! I-what is that!”
“What is it!”
The demons rushed forward, raising their claws.
“The world in your heart! Kekekekeke!”
The family members were massacred, and the demons who came out through the wall looked ecstatic.
“Aww! Save people!”
All the residents of the city were coming out to the streets in a situation where even the security guards could not respond.
“Hey.”
The demon flicked its tongue.
“Isn’t this a nice place?”
rumble. rumble.
At the System Control Branch of the Korea Fire Resources Management Corporation, Yu-Jeong Son and her party looked across the horizon.
Son Yu-jeong muttered.
“Is it over?”
The demons turned to ashes in the landscape where the world was burning like oil paper was set on fire.
Mortasinger said.
“The system of the back world must have been destroyed. It will be an initialization process. It will be gone soon too.”
When there was no answer, she pointed to the scenery beyond the foil.
“Back to reality. Help people there. You can do that.”
“you?”
Mortasinger shook his head.
“There is no place for me in reality. Even though I made the wrong choice, to be honest, I at least made my dream come true here. so… … I can’t go back.”
Is it that only the place where the heart dwells is real?
I was heartbroken by my friend’s choice, but I can’t convince him with any words.
“I will stay too.”
When Richera, who was in Mortasinger’s hand, spoke, Son Yoo-jung wrinkled one eyebrow.
“Sheesh! know. If you go out into reality with only your face left, you will die. it was better I thought I would live like this for the rest of my life without being able to purify myself. I am grateful to you.”
Kurrrrr!
While having a brief conversation, the cloud of fire was approaching more than half of the time.
It was time to say goodbye.
“Ricera.”
Son Yoo-jung said.
“You are purified without completing your karma. When you are reborn in the next life, then be a good person who helps people.”
“Cheuk, bullshit.”
Looking back on my life now, that was the case.
“Don’t you know how I grew up and how I lived? If given the same life again, I won’t change. I will kill people in my next life.” “don’t worry.”
Richera smiled and raised the corners of her mouth.
“Because I will never be born again. If I had a choice, I wish there would be no next life.”
I couldn’t say anything.
“go.”
Richera, who doesn’t like being awkward, said
“Fight like a thunderclap, pretty monkey.”
Possibly affection, Sohn Yoo-jeong choked up as she left them behind.
“Bye.”
Mortasinger nodded, and Sohn Yu-jeong turned and ran past Park Ji.
And when I looked back, the smiling faces of Mortasinger and Richera… … .
Quaaaaaaaaaa!
disappeared into the flames.
Ryan took a deep breath.
“Whoa!”
The Valley of Wailing dried up again and the surviving demons lost their will to fight.
“Our world… …
Not befitting their hideous appearance, the demons knelt down with vain expressions.
“Disappear?”
“no.”
Lethe approached them.
“It is integration. We may split again someday, but we must join hands with humans against God. Otherwise the universe will close
hey.”
The demons were silent.
emotion.
Even though they understood it in their heads, the anger in their hearts was saying this.
‘I’d rather die together.’
There was no way Lethe, the manager, didn’t know.
‘It will be a tough fight, Yahweh. Even if I follow you, demons have Satan.’
They will not be shaken as long as Havits, the existence that Ma loves to the extreme, dies.
said the demon.
“We will fight. What is integration? Only humans are afraid of death. If Yahweh can despair, I will do anything.”
The demons began to come out into reality through the hole in the paper that was created in the Valley of Lamentation.
Even Lethe couldn’t stop it that far.
“Whoa.”
when you sigh
“Lethe.”
“It’s a surprise.”
She shook her shoulders at Sirone’s voice, hesitated for a moment, then turned around.
As the underside world was initialized, the demon that Sirone embraced was also purified.
Lethe said.
“You look a little better now. So why do you do something you can’t handle? Do you know that Ma is easygoing?”
“You?”
Sirone smiled.
“You decided to fight for humans.”
“Don’t get me wrong.”
Lethe’s expression, which had been hesitant until now, changed.
“어디까지나 이면 세계를 위해서 야. 이대로 지옥이 사라지는 것을 두고 볼 수는 없으니까.”
“?…”그래.”
지옥의 관리자는 신보다 마족을 택 했다.
“괜찮아. 이제는 나도 마를 끌어안 았으니까. 나머지는 내가 알아서 할 게.”
“흐음.”
레테가 턱을 들었다.
“상당히 자신이 있나 본데. 알고 있겠지? 지금의 너는 마족을 죽일 수 없어.”
말하자면 그런 경지.
시로네가 아무 말도 없이 그저 웃 고만 있자 레테 또한 가식을 거두었 다.
“쳇, 그래. 너는 타키온을 구사할 수 있지. 이제는 신과 동급이니, 나 도 널 어쩔 수 없어. 하긴, 바깥 세 계에 접속했으니 더 이상 감출 것도 없고.”
관리자에 대한 말에 시로네가 물었 다.
“정말로 거짓이었어?” 무슨 말을 하고 싶은 것인지 알았 으나 레테는 그저 다음 말을 기다렸 다.
“태성도, 루버 씨도, 처음부터 우릴 속인 거야? 인간에 대한 애정은 없 었던 거야?”
“우린 프로그램일 뿐이야. 특정 상 황에 대응하는 매뉴얼대로 행동하는 것뿐이라고. 너에게는 마음처럼 보 이겠지만, 실상 나도 다르지 않아.” 양자적인 매개변수가 더해졌을 뿐. “하지만 태성은 나를…… “아, 몰라!”
레테가 고개를 저었다.
“신이라는 코어에 묶여 있어도 각 자의 섹터가 있는 거야. 게다가 저 마다 권한도 막강해서, 자칫 침범했 다가는 시스템 간에 충돌이 생겨. 그래서 응답도 꺼 놓고 있구만.”
“그래?…”
시로네가 생각에 잠겨 있는 그때 리안이 진성음을 부축하고 다가왔 다.
“고마워, 구해 줘서.”
짧은 인사였지만 성음의 목소리는 떨렸다.
‘상상도 못 했지.’
시로네를 다시 보게 될 줄은.
“무슨 소리야. 오히려 내가 너에게 고마워해야지. 네가 아니었으면 세 상은 이미 멸망했을 거야.”
Lethe said, feeling the heat blowing from far away.
“I don’t have time for a long talk. tell me what to do next It will soon be ashes here too.”
Sirone turned to Lian.
“I will end the simultaneous incident. Ymir will be resurrected soon. Depending on how he moves, the game will change. Ryan, come to Seongeum and Delta headquarters. If you use etheric waves, it will be instant. can you do it for me?”
Voice nodded.
“That’s it. But before I take Lian, I have a place to stop.”
Jinjiang.
Since she wouldn’t know her father’s condition yet, Sirone immediately agreed.
“okay. Go quickly.”
I couldn’t bear to reveal it, but it seemed that I intuitively sensed the voice just with the urging tone.
When the etheric wave was activated, Parkji’s veil crumpled and her figure disappeared.
“Then I will disappear too. See you at the temple.”
Lian raised his thumb as Sirone’s body blurred as the simultaneous events were lifted.
“don’t worry. I will follow you soon.” After looking at that scene for a while, Sirone recalled the time she and Lian had spent in hell.
“Rian.”
It’s embarrassing, but I really wanted to say it.
“I’m glad you are here.”
Particles of light fluttered like flower petals, and Lian smiled and turned around.
“boy.”
Lethe crossed her arms and asked.
“By the way, how are you going to get back?”
“huh? of course… …
A tidal wave of fire was fast approaching, scorching the entire Valley of Wailing.
“Oh, Zen… … !”
A firestorm overtakes them.
“Aaaaaaang!”
Reigning the flames and advancing, Li An’s voice adorned the end of hell.
Jin Kang’s eyes, lying on the floor, were empty.
“Huh.”
A face as pale as that of a corpse meant that there was no more blood left to pour out.
“Your Majesty the Emperor.”
Anchal approached and supported Jin Kang’s upper body.
“Hell is… … Did you feel my wrath?”
“It will happen.”
“My daughter… …
Jin Kang took a deep breath in and then exhaled.
“Are you back?”
Until then, I didn’t even know Anchal.
However, if he was really alive, he wanted to be in the life of Jinkang, who had less than a minute left.
“Your Majesty, obviously the princess… …
“Okay.”
It was time to tidy up.
“It’s good if your daughter is alive. However, even if she is not alive… …
The corners of his mouth went up in a bash.
“I will go get it.”
That time when tears flowed silently down the cheeks of the temples.
“father.”
A beautiful voice sounded like an hallucination.
“ball… …
The one eye of the temple opened wide, and all the servants bowed as if their knees were about to break.
“Meet the princess!”
Seong-eum lightly walked towards Jin-gang, who had a surprised expression on her face, and sat down.
“father.”
“Ahhh… …
Only after feeling the warmth in her daughter’s hand did Jin Kang accept that it was reality.
“I’m back, Father.”
“okay. okay.”
The head was always nodded.
But the excitement was short-lived, as he recalled the responsibility of the emperor and said, correcting his expression.
“Anchal.”
“Please tell me.”
“From now on, Jin Seong-eum will be the emperor of Jincheon.”
hurray! hurray! hurray!
“My daughter, help Sirone. The Emperor of Jincheon must never betray his trust.”
Seongeum bowed his head reverently.
“I will obey Your Majesty’s orders.”
“Whoops.”
And when I look up again
Jin Kang was smiling peacefully as he gazed at the ceiling.
“Huh.”
The voice burst into tears that it had been holding back.
“father! father!”
The emperor of Jincheon, who dominated an era, Jingang.
Dead.

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-1255.txt
=============YYYYY=============
The disability of being human (3)
in an unknown forest.
“Big!”
The Blazing Skeleton Swordsman broke through the veil of the Underworld and came over to reality.
In his right hand, which was only a skeleton, was holding a large jigsaw that could withstand the flames.
“Kiyi!”
Like the king of the dead returning from hell, he headed forward with an empty eye socket and stamped his sword into the ground.
The earth shook with the power of divine transcendence, and as the body gradually recovered, the flames began to catch on.
“Uhhh…
Lian, whose skin had been regenerated, shouted.
“Oh, it’s hot!”
Shaking off the remaining fire with both hands, he gasped for breath as the smoke rose from his body.
“ha. ha.”
The fire of Gehenna is a feeling in reality.
However, the fire he lit before entering the other side of the world burned all of his clothes.
“Are you back?” Lian, who had caught his breath, looked around him, but it was a desolate forest that even the country did not know.
“Well, Seongeum will come to pick you up.”
I don’t know the exact principle, but her ability was the highest peak of space magic.
Lethe was born out of thin air.
“You, too, are monsters.”
Landing lightly on the ground, she alternately inspected Lian’s body and the large sword stuck in the ground.
“To come out while purifying the fire of the blaze. I know that Yahweh relies on you.”
Lian was embarrassed by the unexpected praise.
“Well, that’s about it.”
“Not quite like that. To endure the fire of Gehenna means to overcome all the emotions of hell. A certain high priest among humans was liberated by setting fire to his body.”
It is called left-leaning net?
“But you exist in reality beyond that. Your godlike transcendence might really be like a god.”
Lethe thought so.
‘War God Yasha.’
At this point, there is probably no human being who can beat Lian who has returned from Hell.
Lian set up a straight sword and looked at the blade.
“is it? Maybe it seems to have gotten stronger. But you won’t know until you fight.”
“Because it is the realm of the mind. You won’t feel it until you meet someone who will push you to the limit. However, you need to be careful with your recovery ability. Denying death by restoring Edea’s signal is close to expedient in terms of user rights, but there are limits to that. If it continues to accumulate, Idea itself will disappear.”
Ryan felt it too.
“How long can I last?”
“I can’t measure it precisely, but you probably know better. roughly
By the way.” It wasn’t too long.
“doesn’t care.”
As long as he could hold out until Sirone fulfilled his will, the next thing was fine.
“and… …
Lethe, who hesitated, finally couldn’t stand it and shouted.
“Can you please stop talking to me in that state? Even if I’m not human, I’m a mind program! At least pretend to cover it up! Annoying!”
“hmm.”
“No offense, hurry up! Pick up leaves or whatever and cover yourself!”
‘That’s a lot to say.’
Now that Ymir was coming, it was not the time to be leisurely picking leaves.
‘Can I win?’
Although he had grown much through his journey to hell, Ymir was still a huge wall.
Lethe was taken aback as she watched Lian seriously pensive.
‘What kind of people are there?’
Jincheon sector of the temple.
According to national law, when the servants moved Jinkang’s body, Anchal approached Seongeum.
“Your Majesty the Emperor.”
According to Jin Kang’s will, he was in charge of the empire, but Anchal’s extreme engineering was quite awkward.
“Speak comfortably. You still can’t get used to it.”
“You have to adapt. The fate of the people of Jincheon and all mankind is in Your Majesty’s hands.”
Voice nodded.
“I get it. What should I do now?”
” first of all??????
Anchal quickly explained what had happened in reality while Seongeum was in hell.
“It’s a simultaneous event.”
It felt like a new thing, but the more I got to know Sirone, the more I felt the limit.
‘My 0 steps.’
Knowing what Seong-eum’s smile meant, Anchal felt sorry for her.
‘It must be a perfect match for a princess.’
Seongeum, who corrected her expression, said.
“I see what you mean. simultaneous events
Now that it’s over, all we have to do is bring people from all over the world here.”
“It is. As this is a time-sensitive matter, His Majesty’s role is the most important.”
Speaking of warfare, the power of voice has the highest efficiency in transportation and supply.
“I get it. Let’s go see Lian first.” As Seong-eum closed her eyes and spread the etheric waves, the information of the space was collected.
‘There it is.’
It was quite far away, but she crumpled the space and made the distance between Lian and herself zero.
“then.”
A forest spread out inside the building, and Seongeum crossed the boundary line with light steps.
And 1 minute later… … .
“your majesty?”
When Seong-eum, whose face was as red as carrots, returned to the hall, her eyes furrowed.
“What are you doing?”
“oh??????
” oh’?”
He said in a trembling voice.
“Bring your clothes. with the biggest one. hurry.”
Galliant Island.
In the depths of Mt. Toa, where the Kergo tribe is, Sirone was talking with Gauld and his party.
“That’s how it happened.”
The betrayal of the dreamer Louver, and even the manager who sided with mankind were under the will of God.
Miro didn’t care.
“It doesn’t matter how many enemies you have if you’re fighting a god anyway. The problem is that I couldn’t extract Ultima.”
The fact that Arius risked his life to do it must also be on her mind.
Sirone said.
“one thing… … There is a way out.”
“method?”
“Using objects to unite humanity has failed, but that doesn’t mean Ultima is impossible. If all mankind joins their hearts… …
Sein stopped talking.
“That is just an ideal. It’s no different from before we entered Mir’s mental world.”
“There is one other thing. Tachyon.” Miro understood.
“you… …
“yes. I’m not sure if I’ll be successful. But this is our only hope.”
Gaold asked.
“Didn’t you say Ymir was coming?” Sirone nodded.
“Planet Hexa has disappeared. Given its size, it should be crossing the universe by now.”
“How long will it take?”
“Depending on your mind, even right now.” Sirone continued.
“You have to solve the problems you face before you can reach Ultima. Ymir. cell buster. and oparts. When human beings become things under the guidance of the gods, the mind disappears from this world.”
Gangnan said.
“There are a lot of things I don’t understand, but I understand the context. Can’t we go to the temple right away?”
“The Voice will come to pick you up. I’m going to end the coincidence too. But before that… …
Sirone looked back at the temple gate.
“Let’s check first.”
I couldn’t ignore the faint smell of blood.
Jiang Nan approached and pushed the stone door, but it did not budge, as if it had been locked from the outside.
“I can’t. Should I break it down and get out?” The moment he finished speaking, Gaold’s air gun passed Gangnan’s shoulder and struck the stone door.
bang
The door didn’t budge.
When Kang Nan looked back with ferocious eyes, Ga Old grinned and shrugged.
“Cheuk, that’s fun.”
Sein said.
“Something is strange. It’s as if you’ve become immune to physical force. But is it possible?”
“It could be because he’s a weakling.”
Jiang Nan avenged the situation from before, but she knew the truth.
‘That Gaold can’t break
O……’
It really won’t.
“I will try.”
Sirone walked to the door.
The Miracle Stream turned into the Hand of God, and a giant hand grabbed the door.
“Big!”
The moment she felt it through her heart, Sirone finally realized the identity of the door.
‘Obsession. yearning.’
A great feeling is telling you to guard this door.
‘Tear it off.’
0 = 0 = = = !
As I concentrated my high-intensity mind, the stone door began to crease with a gloomy sound.
As if someone was screaming, Kang Nan got goosebumps for no reason.
jump!
Putting down the stone door that had been torn into squares, Sirone examined the scene of the aisle.
all were dead
Sein confirmed the ancient incantation pattern engraved on the frame of the door.
“Perfectly sealed. What happened?”
Miro looked at the corpse and said.
“It’s neat. It’s the work of a professional. Besides, it hasn’t been long since I killed him. No matter how long you hold it, within six hours.”
“excuse me!”
At the end of the hallway pointed by Kang Nan, a white object disappeared around the corner.
Sirone kicked the ground.
“wait!”
The moment I passed the corner and turned around, another white object turned the corner.
‘That’s it?… ”!’
Shirone, who had an ogi, cast teleportation and instantly closed the gap.
“you! who… …
However, when she had her eyes on the unidentified object, Sirone had no choice but to swallow her words.
A man with a white body stood with his back as if plaster had been applied to a human body.
Of course, the appearance was surprising enough, but the reason for Sirone’s hesitation was for another reason.
‘Dangerous.’
Ultima’s senses, and possibly Tachyon’s signal, were sending out a clear ‘no approach’ signal.
“Reveal your identity.”
Sirone asked again, but it seemed like a very difficult question for a white man.
“well. Who am I?”
Two long swords, smooth as ivory, stretched out from his hands and connected to his arms.
Even that seemed strange to him.
‘What is it?’
Just as Sirone was thinking, Gaold and his party, who had arrived late, strode forward.
“Did you kill the tribesmen?”
“Do not approach.” Sirone raised her hand to stop them.
None of the members here seemed likely to lose, but the problem was a sense of incongruity that transcended that.
“I don’t know.”
As if he had been thinking about that all along, the white man opened his mouth after a while.
“I have no name.”
anonymous no name.
‘no way?’
What flashed through Sirone’s mind was an anecdote about heaven that he had heard from Armin.
I heard that an unimaginable creature was created by combining an angel with Garas.
‘Fortunately, Mr. Quan cut it before he could grow further.’
Armin added:
-If it was just a little bit later, no one would have been able to stop him.
Then why did the dead come back?
‘damn.’
Sirone realized.
‘When I access the outside world.’
It was a special administrator, a kind of vaccine, sent into reality by God to correct errors.
‘If what Armin said is true, Nameless will absorb the ability of any strong person into his own and eliminate the opponent.
‘Literally a genius.’
Fake all geniuses ever.
‘But imitating a mutation that happened in reality. You’re a god, but you don’t even have imagination?’
Of course, it was nothing more than a complaint against the worst enemy.
In fact, it is impossible for a god who has mastered the principles of the entire universe to imagine something.
Anonymous said.
“I don’t know about me. How were you born and why are you here? What I remember… …
He chose his words carefully, as if pulling something out from the depths.
“With the terrible fear of death.”
It was thrilling enough to make me forget even that death… … .
“The sword dance.”
Nameless eyes shone.
‘okay.’
that’s the guy
“Quan.”
From a forest ten kilometers from the temple, Shiina brought some fruit.
“Try some of this. I’ve been collecting them all day.”
“Shina.”
said Quan.
“Keep it. I… … protect.”
Shiina burst into tears.
“me… … Protect. Shiina… …
The genius of the sword, who had once surpassed mankind’s common sense, had become a fool who had lost everything.

=============ZZZZZ=============
