=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-588.txt
=============YYYYY=============
[588] Darkness (3)
* * *
The news of Eden’s retirement was delivered to Scramble Royale participants.
This was shortly after the quasar exploded.
“Retire?”
Hersey put on a blank expression.
‘Did he really destroy the shield?’
Eden’s defensive ability in the gold coin’s own simulation was ranked first among the senior class with no one to compare it to.
“Now there is no infinite (○○○○○○).”
Iruki laughed and said.
“All that’s left is Amy and Caden.”
Hersy, who came to her senses, quickly counted her hand.
The strongest hand of the Sirone team is Sabina’s ●●●● (Mine).
‘Kayden’s hand… … .’
It was ○●○● (democracy).
‘done!’
Hercy shuddered.
In a complex battle of hand combinations, only Iruki could figure out what would be the strongest hand for Shirone’s team, but he still had another strategy to prepare for the worst.
“Puhahaha!”
Dorothy raised her eyebrows as Hersy burst out laughing.
“Why are you here? Did you come true?”
“Fighted well.”
Hersy stopped laughing and said.
“It was really great. To be honest, I thought I would win easily. I’ll praise you for sticking to this point.”
“Do you think Kayden can beat Amy?”
Hersey shrugged.
Unlike the case of Eden, even in the simulation of the golden ring itself, the fighting power of the two was equal.
“I don’t care who wins.”
Hercy was sure Scramble Royale was over.
“Again, the winner is Kayden.”
* * *
“Give me your MasterCard.”
Amy reached out to Caden.
“MasterCard? ah.”
Caden blinked as if realizing it.
“hurry. You’re not going to be stubborn even after coming here, are you? You’re not that kind of person, are you?”
“that is… … I don’t have it.”
“what?”
Amy didn’t understand and wrinkled her brow.
“In the morning, Hersie took my MasterCard without the team members knowing. I can’t bet Kang, but you’re lower than me anyway. That’s the condition Hercy offered in exchange for pursuing you.”
“wait for a sec. You took your master card? Mastercard?”
Amy, who suddenly had a confusion in her head, held out her hand and muttered something, then looked at the cards of the participants.
Cayden’s democracy was the strongest.
‘If Scramble Royale ends like this, the united team will win.’
Amy shouted, her heart racing, turning to Caden.
“you idiot! What if I say that now? It looks like we’re losing!”
The absurd thing was the same for Caden.
“Why am I saying that? Aren’t we on different sides?”
“shut up! Foolish bastard!”
Amy kicked Cayden in the side, shocking him through a broken rib.
“Keugh! what are you doing?”
“Ugh! I really can’t live!”
As Amy turned and ran away, Caden held out her hand.
“Now, wait… … !”
“shut up! See you after the game!”
A trembling hand went to the broken rib, and saliva leaked from between his teeth.
“Big!”
As expected, the wizard had no sympathy.
* * *
“Kaden doesn’t have a MasterCard.”
Hersy declared triumphantly.
“I got it this morning. In the end, even if Amy beats Cayden, the cards won’t be ruined. If Kayden wins, not to mention the consequences.”
Silence ensued for a moment.
“Now do you understand? Scramble Royale is a victory for the united teams.”
“Iruki.”
When Dorothy turned around, Iruki said.
“Where is my MasterCard?”
“Well, where is it?”
Hercy’s body shone with flashes.
Sona had already been analyzed and could not be used, but if it was spatial movement, it would not be possible to cancel it.
“Then see you after the game.”
At the same time, Sabina approached from behind and tightened his throat.
“Don’t move.”
A sharp air cut lingered around her fingertips.
“Huh, is this the last outburst? Ugly.”
Dorothy came, accompanied by Hickory.
“Give me your MasterCard. Otherwise, we will have no choice but to resort to violence.”
Then the ground beneath Sabina’s feet stirred and a long, snake-like centipede sprang up and coiled itself around her ankle.
“this!”
From a tree 10 meters away, Fisho came down on a spider.
“Free Hersy. It is a poisonous centipede.”
“Don’t talk nonsense. Do you think you will die alone?”
Sabina tightened Hercy’s throat even more, and Hickory’s fist aimed at the hanging fishot from the tree.
Sabina said in a situation where each other was holding each other’s lifeline.
“Search Hersie’s body. I don’t have much time. I need to find my master card.”
Hersy spread her arms happily.
“ha ha ha! You don’t disappoint me either! But what should I do? I don’t have Kayden’s MasterCard.”
“Shut up. We’ll check that out.”
There was something alive in Sabina’s voice.
“However much. There’s no law that says you’ll always keep it. Please look hard. If you can find it in time, you win.”
“Iruki, quickly!”
After Dorothy shouted after loading the rocket punch, Iruki slowly moved on.
“Oh, I don’t have the hobby of entrusting myself to a man. I can’t find what I’m looking for anyway… … .”
“Hersey.”
Iruki stopped talking and raised his head.
“Are you stupid?”
“what?”
Hersey’s face crumpled.
* * *
“okay! I’m stupid! I am stupid!”
Amy turned back the way she had come.
Cayden was still clutching at his side as he came out of the woods, moaning.
“hey! Shouldn’t we just let you retire?”
“So I told you to wait… … .”
“shut up! There’s less than two minutes left!”
Amy, who grabbed Cayden by the collar and raised him up, activated the schema and lifted him up.
“Aww! You are too strong.”
“What do you know!”
Amy, who cast space movement repeatedly, landed near the main gate of the magic school.
-There are 10 seconds left until the end of Scramble Royale.
“driving me crazy!”
Amy, who calculated the teleportation and schema power, ran with Cayden on her back.
5 seconds, 4 seconds, 3 seconds… … .
Hearing Lulu’s electrical signal, she threw Cayden with all her might.
“Go, Caden!”
2 seconds, 1 second.
Another signal came in between the counts as Cayden’s body crossed the front door.
-Kayden, off-field defeat. The game time for Scramble Royale is over.
-The strongest beating Mine (●●●●). The winning team is Sirone, Iruki, Nade, Amy, Dorothy, and Sabina.
– Apply rewards and payoffs through Judge.
“ha! ha!”
After recognizing all of Lulu’s signals, Amy fell face down with her hands on the ground.
“Such ignorant… … .”
Outside the front door, Kayden collapsed, wriggling through the pain.
* * *
“I won!”
Sabina and Dorothy loosened their combat stance and jumped.
Fisho still showed no emotion, only Hersy was stunned.
“ah… … .”
If you only realized how stupid you were thinking after a while, it means it wasn’t even in your head.
‘Why did I do that?’
“When you are driven to a dead end, even ridiculous hopes become positive.”
Hercy’s eyes returned to Iruki who was approaching.
“It’s like insurance in a card game. It’s a good strategy to assume and insure a particular situation, but you end up forcing all assumptions into that particular situation.”
“Heh, don’t be proud… … !”
“Because I’m thinking of cheating… … .”
Hercy’s face crumpled, but Iruki didn’t care and continued talking, looking back at Dorothy and remembering her advice.
“You lose track of what really matters.”
“… … .”
Realizing complete defeat, Hercy gnashed his teeth.
“See you at the graduation exam. I will definitely step on you.”
“You’re thinking of helping hard.”
It was a condition that two members of Sirone’s team were to be promoted in the graduation exam.
As Hercy moved out of the room, Sabina and Dorothy approached.
“Good job, Iruki.”
“okay. Thanks to all of you who moved according to the strategy.”
said Dorothy.
“I’ll say it again when the team members get together, but it’s definitely an ambiguous condition. To pick two people.”
Cayden reacted emotionally at the meeting before the scramble royale started, so even the Sirone team presented the strongest conditions, but after winning, the performance was ambiguous.
Iruki suggested.
“How about this? Until the graduation exams, the two lowest ranked among us will be rewarded.”
Sabina agreed.
“That’s a good way. To be honest, these words are a bit emotional, but I hope all six of us pass.”
There will be no one who will deliberately lower their rank to get help from the Golden Ring.
‘Because I know what’s really important.’
Dorothy smiled at the sky, thinking that she was fortunate to have entered the magic school.
* * *
“Are you really going to leave now? It looks like you are seriously injured.”
It was Amy who made that happen, but Caden knew her character now.
“I can do simple recovery magic. I will be treated by a pro on the way.”
Since scramble royale itself is illegal, I had no intention of stopping by the infirmary.
“okay. Will you come back?”
“I just want to get some fresh air. It’s been a while since I stopped by the house. Above all, my ranking is quite high.”
Now that I think about it, it was absurd.
“If I want to drop below Nade in rank, I won’t be able to come back for at least a month.”
Nade’s graduating class was ranked last, and at this point it was impossible to even guarantee whether he would return.
“haha! is that so? go carefully In the meantime, I’m going to raise the ranks a lot.”
Caden turned around with a wry smile.
“Give my regards to Maya.”
“no. Come back and tell me directly. To be honest, I feel uncomfortable being with him.”
“Ha ha ha ha ha!”
Cayden, who suddenly came up with an idea, threw his head back and burst into laughter.
“Now I see, they are a match made in heaven. Sirone and you.”
Amy’s face turned red.
“What nonsense are you talking about? We’re still not together… … !”
“Mine ribs you broke, sirone broke a few days ago.”
“… … .”
“You don’t give your bones time to attach, and you beat them. I’m really fed up with you two.”
Amy asked with a worried expression.
“Could you… … .”
“don’t worry. I won’t bother you now. So enjoy life to the fullest.”
Cayden, who had been walking away from school, looked back at Amy and raised a corner of his mouth.
“Karmis.”
Amy also sent him off with a smile.
“Have a good trip, Cross.”
* * *
Participants who still had the afterglow of the game gathered one after another to where Iruki was.
Sirone arrives with Eden, and Amy joins them for the last time.
“Whew, we were on the edge, right? Everyone has suffered.”
As Sirone said, all of them looked exhausted.
“It’s a bit like going back like this, but how about something simple to eat?”
Amy stroked her rumbling belly and Sabina agreed.
“I’m hungry too. But there must be no shops open at this time? The canteen on campus is also closed.”
Eden said.
“Let’s go to the cafeteria. I’ll make it with the ingredients there. I can do simple food. Believers also said it was delicious.”
“Eden, you?”
Although Eden had been defeated in the confrontation, his expression was calmer than before.
“Because making food for the hungry is also an act of love.”
Iruki nodded.
“Okay then let’s go. Fisho, would you like to go eat with me?”
Even after the combined team disbanded, Fichot remained in place.
“… … I am not alone.”
Fishaw was the oldest in his senior class.
“Who said what? Let’s try to replicate this game. There may have been unexpected odds. Because you were in charge of scramble too.”
“If you say so.”
Although the pain of defeat is great, I knew how important it is to analyze the causes of failure.
Just when Fishaw joined and everyone was about to head to the campus cafeteria, Sirone called.
“for a moment. But there are some problems.”
“Is it a problem?”
“It’s against the school rules to enter the cafeteria at this time.”
“… … .”
Everyone had their mouths open with blank expressions, and Iruki asked in a sluggish atmosphere.
“Are you serious now?”
“huh. What if I get caught and get scolded by the teacher?”
Everyone who heard that far turned away from the answer and walked away.
“wait! I’m really anxious… … !”
Hearing Sirone’s footsteps hurriedly following, Fisho said.
“That’s Sirone.”
“of course. It’s a magic school.”
Amy said, suppressing a chuckle.
“He’s not normal either.”
Scramble Royale ended.
—————————————

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-589.txt
=============YYYYY=============
[589] Darkness (4)
* * *
“Scramble Royale has ended.”
Collie, the head teacher of the senior class, entered the principal’s office.
Alpheas was looking out the window with his hands behind his back, and Vice Principal Olivia was sitting on the sofa, her legs crossed, lost in thought.
“The Sirone team has won.”
Olivia let out a sigh of relief.
“I’m glad. At least we can block access to the study meeting in the shadows.”
Alpheas said.
“It is fortunate that the incident did not escalate. But the victory of the Sirone team means that we will get to the heart of the case.”
“How do you know that? In fact, we don’t even know what the core of Estas is.”
Alpheas turned away from the window and sat down in front of the desk.
“okay. Nobody knows until Miro opens his mouth.”
In the 20 judges, there were two people who received the right to vote, but I didn’t know exactly about the upper echelons.
“But Sirone stayed with Miro. Maybe she told me.”
“Then I won’t investigate Istas even more. Sirone’s curiosity is great, but she’s also cautious. I’m not stupid enough to divulge world-class secrets.”
“It would be nice if that were the case.”
Alpheas’ acceptance did not leave a good aftertaste.
‘It’s best to bury it as it is if possible.’
As a wizard, he wanted to know the identity of Istas like a chimney, but there were too many forces intertwined to approach it only out of curiosity.
“I’ll go out for a while.”
Olivia got up from the couch and headed for the door.
“Where are you going? Don’t make a fuss about it. It would be best for Estas to be closed as it is.”
“I know. That’s why I’m going.”
Life flashed in Olivia’s eyes as she stepped out the door.
‘There’s just one person who gets caught.’
* * *
The women’s dormitory room was basically equipped with a bed, but Anchal was immersed in meditation while sitting cross-legged on the bare floor.
She slowly opened her eyes when she heard the bell ringing past midnight, sat down at her desk, and pulled out a small fine pen from her bosom.
The brush tip was thin and the brush tip was even thinner.
A brush tip thinner than a hair swayed on a roll of paper that seemed like it would fit perfectly if two fingers overlapped.
Every time his fingertips swayed, the language of Jincheon began to be written out.
Your Majesty the Emperor
I am now in front of the secret of ‘fragments’.
I’m not afraid of death, but given the difficulty of the mission, I’m afraid I won’t be able to do my job.
Therefore, I intend to unseal the Majeongan, the family’s famous weapon bestowed by His Majesty the Great Emperor, so please rebuke my lowly skills.
I will make sure to bring ‘fragments’ with me.
Long live His Majesty the Emperor.
Long live the Jincheon Empire.
Anchal, who carefully put down the fine pen, waited for the ink to dry before rolling up the roll of paper.
“Hongkyu.”
When the name was called, two huge eyes flashed on the ceiling as if drawn in a painting.
“Yes, Chief.”
Anchal.
The director of the ‘Jincheon Space Bureau’, which is highly confidential even in the Foreign Inspection Department of the Jincheon Empire.
He was also a world-class secret holder in charge of consulting for Valkyrie’s reset system analysis agency.
“You will have to tell it yourself.”
“Please leave it to me.”
When Anchal threw a roll of paper over his head, a tongue protruded from Ceiling’s mouth, grabbed it, and swallowed it.
“This is rude, but please be careful. It is no exaggeration to say that the future of Jincheon is in your hands.”
“… … I get it.”
The painting on the ceiling disappeared as if ink dried, and Anchal covered his head with both hands and was lost in thought.
‘Estas.’
Scramble Royale should have been over by now.
It was a game that didn’t matter which side won, but Aanchal thought it was a little better for the Sirone team to win.
‘If you use the ability of burning fire… … .’
I didn’t intend to bring in Sirone from the beginning, but after realizing that I could manipulate time, Scramble Royale itself became meaningless.
‘Fermi will start moving sooner or later. Perhaps he got the blueprints for Istas.’
It needed help from both sides, but in some cases, it was an eyesore that neither side could throw off.
As I finished my thoughts and walked to the bed, someone knocked outside the door.
“Anchal, are you inside?”
‘Vice Principal Olivia.’
Thinking that something had come, Anchal instantly corrected his expression and opened the door pretending not to know anything.
“Vice principal? What are you doing at this hour?”
“I want to have an interview. May I come in?”
It was a room that didn’t leave even the slightest mistakes, but it was an honest feeling that I didn’t want to enter it if the opponent was a certified second-class archmage.
“Or should we talk outside?”
Olivia’s voice was as beautiful as an oriole’s, but today it had a sharpness that pierced my heartstrings.
“yes. I’ll listen outside. I want to get some fresh air.”
As soon as she left the building, Olivia threw herself into space and flew away.
An ordinary student would feel absurd at first, but Anchal also followed her without muttering.
The destination was on the other side of the mountains surrounding the school, at the bottom of a deep valley.
“What happened? What are you going to do by calling a student to a place like this?”
“Anchal, how old are you?”
“… … .”
If he had already come with the intention of putting an end to it, Anchal had no reason to lie anymore.
“I am thirty-two.”
“I knew it would. The people of the East look really young.”
“It’s not really like that in the East. So what do you want to know? The secret of Estas? my true identity?”
“Anything if possible.”
Anchal shook his head.
“I have thought that I am not a fool. Not paying attention is good for you and good for the school.”
The ruler of Jincheon was none other than the Three Hwanggye.
“I have no intention of getting involved in the conflict between the empires. But Estas is definitely private property. And I am the one who has been entrusted with full authority by the owner to manage it.”
“I will not avoid school.”
“That’s for me to hear and judge.”
“sorry. I have nothing to say to you.”
“okay?”
As Olivia opened her lips softly, she cast an ultrasonography, and syllables came out with the highest sound a human could hear.
The sounds reflected off the cliff amplified and tormented the eardrums of Anchal.
‘Loud. That’s why I chose this place.’
Olivia, who had read the words of a professional book while Ahn-chal’s mind was dizzy, cast her magic.
‘The Great Expansion.’
As the air expanded, valleys tens of meters high collapsed inward.
Rumble!
After the spectacular landslide, there were no more valleys left as far as the human eye could see.
Landing on the rocks that filled the valley, Olivia’s eyes flashed for a moment.
Jincheon Magic – Giant.
As soon as he threw his body, a 20-meter-tall giant appeared and slammed his fist down.
Aaaaaang!
Olivia couldn’t help but break into a cold sweat as the giant’s arm penetrated the rock and buried her shoulder.
‘Destroying an object with an illusion… … .’
As if looking for a ring buried in the soil, the giant waved his arm and pulled out the eye patch from deep underground.
The leather eyepatch that covered one eye had been torn open, revealing a bluish pupil inside.
“Is that Majeong’an?”
The giant disappeared after putting the eyes on the ground.
“What are you doing? Do you really want to fight me?”
“There’s nothing we can’t do for the safety of the school.”
“Don’t be c*cky, Olivia. I am a soldier. Even if I’m a great wizard, I’m not the type to be beaten by teachers.”
Olivia added a comment as Anchal tore off the leather patch.
“I don’t want to care about the secrets of the empire. However, this is a student problem. Why Sirone, Fermi convinced me why he was interested in Istas. This is the maximum I can offer. If you refuse even this… … .”
Olivia pursed her lips and said.
“I’ll deal with you no matter what.”
“… … .”
After thinking for a while, Anchal extinguished the light in Majeongan and sat down on a rock.
“I am an agent of the Jincheon Space Agency.”
Olivia lowered her hands and leaned against the rock wall.
“Our mission is to collect information about the cosmic initialization and reset. So far, the universe has undergone three resets. It all started with a guy called Guffin.”
Anchal looked up at the sky.
“Nineteen years ago, a man named Guffin was protecting humanity from heaven. But he left the mission to Miro and disappeared. This is where the question arises.”
Anchal raised his finger.
“Why did Guffin have to expunge himself? Considering that he has made Miro his successor, it is unreasonable to say that his affection for this world has cooled.”
“Hmm.”
“The conclusion reached through the hypothesis of Valkyrie seems that Guffin should have completed what he could not do himself through the maze. And we think Sirone is somehow involved in that.”
“Sirone?”
Anchal kept silent about confidentiality and moved on to the next matter.
“The eradication of the Guffin would have been a disaster from the point of view of humans. Because the breakwater that blocked the army of Heaven has disappeared.”
“There must have been a lot of backlash.”
“I can’t remember, but I can predict. And it is presumed that Fermi’s mother, Yolgha, was at the heart of the backlash.”
“Sirone and Fermira.”
“Is this enough reason to understand? We absolutely need those two to investigate Istas.”
“good. But why is it estas?”
From here on, the security level jumped up, but Olivia’s doubts were natural.
“Do you know about the crack field verification experiment?”
“Roughly. Isn’t it that the total amount of time and energy in the world we live in is subtly misaligned?”
“that’s right. Through the Anke La Eradication and the Great Purification, we continued to calculate the rift field. In the meantime, I found that the rift value of the Guffin Eraser is always fixed. The more the reset, the more complicated the rift should be.”
“What does that mean?”
“Even during the third reset, there are events that never change.”
Anchal drew the cross of space and time in the air.
“Why Estas? Unlike other ruins, the Guffin’s Gate installed there is fixed at one coordinate in time and space. Coordinates that can never be accessed unless time is stopped. The Jincheon Space Agency tried to separate the coordinates into time and space through the crack field value.”
Anchal made a hand gesture as if holding a thread, then opened it to the left and right.
“As a result of connecting spatial information with time, we came to the conclusion that the event lasted about 3 hours.”
That incident was the identity of the rift that occurred in the eradication of Guffin.
“In a word, Guffin fixed a specific event. Why? It is different from the 2nd and 3rd resets.”
“You mean the incident was in the upper echelons of Istas?”
“You know the rumors of the upper echelons, right? Everything that cannot exist in this world exists. This refers to an event And that event is unaffected by the reset.”
“Is it really possible, an event that is not affected even when the world is reset?”
“Is it possible.”
The answer was immediate.
“Of course, normally it is difficult. However, if the event itself becomes one world and is connected to our world in an independent state.”
“Is it another universe, for example?”
Anchal nodded.
“The Jincheon Space Agency collected all the information and simulated the world in the upper Eastas in advance. You should know what kind of world it is to know how difficult it is to infiltrate. The results came out astonishing.”
“What if the result is surprising?”
“There is no beginning and no end.”
Looking at Olivia, Anchal wiggled his fingers.
“Something that happened in the upper part of Istas, that lasted about 3 hours, is repeating itself forever.”
—————————————

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-59.txt
=============YYYYY=============
[59] Shina (2) under the moonlight
But without saying a word, Shina was just looking down at the ground.
Please enable JavaScript
Shirone felt heavy at the sight of her depressed self.
Had it not been for an accident in his childhood, he could have developed into a good relationship with Armin.
But I couldn’t blame Armin for suddenly getting married.He left Sina on his own to relieve his beloved sister’s guilt.
Ned grumbled as if he didn’t like it.
“Well, I know a man and a woman, but I don’t know.”
“I can’t do it,”Not everything in the world goes its way.”
“You’ve been so cold at school, and honestly, I don’t want to see that.”
Nade, who was angry with his fists clenched, moved quickly and approached Seena.
“Teacher,”
“Huh?”
“We’re hungry.Now that I’ve come out, please buy me a meal.”
Sheena put an absurd look on her face.Today’s home invasion they committed was not enough to be disciplined by the school.I can’t believe you asked me to buy you a meal in such a situation.
“You’re very fast-paced,”Do you eat in this situation?”
“What’s the matter with you asked.Even if you’re disciplined, you’ll have to fill your stomach.You learn magic to make ends meet anyway.”
Shironet interrupted.
“Yes, sir,”Eat before you go home.I’m hungry, too.”
said Iruki.
“In that sense, one suggestion would be that we should go into the aristocracy first.The school is close by anyway, and I know a very delicious and expensive restaurant there.”
Sheena’s motivation to be annoyed disappeared.The disciples’ attitudes were natural, but I vaguely guessed why they were doing this.She also didn’t want to go back to school in this mood.Anyway, today is a holiday.
“All right, I see.You must have been tired from doing bad things, so let’s eat first.But when you get back to school, you’ll have to be prepared.”
“Hehe! Yes!”
Ned winked back at his friends.The primary purpose is to relieve Shina’s mood, but he also calculated the room to take time to ease the disciplinary action.
The aristocratic district was lined with all kinds of luxurious shops.Iruki took Shina to the most brilliant store.In front of the six-story building, Shirone opened his mouth wide.
The entrance was different from the beginning as the well-known aristocrats attended.A pillar carved from the whole white shark supported the balcony ceiling, and marble carved into a fantastic deity guarded the left and right sides like a prayer.
Restaurant Gold Cupid.
It was a top-notch restaurant with a premium on all foods.
“Wow! I’ve never been here before.It must be a great day today.Shironet, let’s get in here.”
“Oh? Well, you know…….”
Shironet examined Shina.As expected, he looked up at the sign with a rotten smile.It was the most expensive restaurant in the neighborhood, so it was understandable.Above all, Iruki couldn’t have chosen such a restaurant without thinking of peeling off the teacher.
But she didn’t get angry.Rather, he sighed as if he could not, and entered the entrance coolly.
“Well, let’s eat here.”
“Oh, my teacher!”As expected, the distribution is extraordinary!”
Iruki joined Ned’s flattery.
“What a fool. It is difficult to judge the teacher’s distribution so much.If you’re a certified sixth-class wizard, you can go in and out of this shop like a toilet.Don’t you think so, sir?”
“All right, let’s just get in there.Instead, I’ll just eat and go straight to school.”
Shirone, which is the first restaurant dedicated to aristocrats, was surprised by the scale that was revealed from the threshold.The size seen from the outside and the size seen from the inside were completely different as if they were magic.
The table was so sparse that I thought it was a waste of space, and on one side was a bar decorated with various crystal lights.
Naturally, the guests were aristocrats, and it was clear from the jewelry they wore that they were popular in Creas.
“It’s Shiro! This way!”
Shirone, who was enraptured, went to the table at the sound of his friends calling him.Ned and Iruki looked around from time to time, but there was no sign of nervousness.
The waiter approached and took the order.He had a greasy impression of swallowing hair, but when his eyes toward Cina were quite sticky, Cyrone’s party was quite displeased.
In school, they are teachers and students, but outside, men must escort women.However, the waiter did not even care about the students, but only looked at Cina.
“Welcome, sir,”Thank you for visiting Gold Cupid.Especially when such a beautiful woman visits the store herself, I don’t know what to do.”
To the extent that it was possible to say that Shirone and his party were deliberately ignored.
“Well, you said it was a top-of-the-line restaurant. How did you train the staff?”I’m not sure if you’d be interested in a flirt like you.’
Ned’s stomach was boiling.His gaze swept through the menu’s price list.Order the most expensive food.I was going to give a punch to a waiter who treated me like a child.
Without thinking, Iruki ordered one course meal after another.Ned, who gained momentum, ordered another course meal.
Shironet was still struggling.In fact, they were all menus I didn’t know.How do you know if braised olaris is meat, fish, or monster tongue?
However, he calmly ordered the same thing as Ned, as he would not be left out.I was worried about the menu that Iruki ordered.
The waiter’s face gradually turned pale as a series of menus served only to VIPs appeared.The first thing that came to mind was whether they could afford to pay.All foods have a premium, but the menu at the lowest price and the highest price is more than three times different.If children who are ignorant of the world were mistaken, there could have been a situation in which they had to pay 12 times the expected price.
The waiter looked anxiously at her.But she was choosing her menu as if she didn’t care.
“I’d like a Dascaux course, please.A bottle of limoness, please.”
She doesn’t enjoy drinking, but sometimes she drinks cognac when she’s feeling down.Limunes was a distilled water with a subtle vanilla scent, and it was popular with women because it was expensive but had a good aftertaste.
“Oh, sir, will you drink?”
“There’s no reason not to, is there?””You’re going into someone else’s house, and I can’t even drink?”
Ned smiled awkwardly.
“Ha-ha. That’s true.Oh, right! You were off duty today, weren’t you?”
When the waiter turned around with his tongue out, Shirone’s party exchanged glances and grinned.But as reason returned gradually, their eyes were filled with anxiety.When I thought all four of them ordered a course meal, the price tag came to my mind.I was worried that I might have given her a useless opportunity at last, but Seena looked insignificant.
The income of certified sixth-class wizards is also in the top 10 percent of aristocratic societies.Furthermore, as he worked at the Alpeas School of Magic, one of the five most prestigious schools in the kingdom, he was able to fully enjoy his life without touching the financial resources of the Oliver school.
“That’s a very successful life,””My teacher,”
It’s not a life of chasing money, but a life of chasing dreams.However, Shironet, the son of a mountain goon, knew better than anyone else that it was not as easy as it sounds.
There were four course meals, so the food kept coming to the table.The people sitting at the other table glanced at me with bored faces.
Shirone and his friends were eager to steal each other’s food without caring.Ned and Iruki were aristocrats, and Shirone was also well versed in table manners, but among his friends, dignity was of no use.
Forks and knives were flying over the table, but Cina was just smiling at her students who were enjoying themselves.
When I was full and the flavor was reduced, I talked about magic like a student at a magic school.It was a pleasant and useful occasion for Shina, too.Ned’s strategy worked, as he could not stop laughing and his gloomy mood was relieved.
“Hehehe. Sir, I’ll give you a drink to the teacher whom this disciple of Bulcho respects.”
“Hmph! You think I’ll cut you some slack?”I’m not saying anything because it’s a place to eat.Be prepared when you get home.”
“Yes, yes, there is no such thing as that.Here you go.”
Ned’s excellent fellowship shone even in such an occasion.Shina didn’t seem to dislike it, but she received alcohol as she was given.Cognac was quite a strong drink, and Cynah asked anxiously.
“Teacher, aren’t you eating too much?”
“Hoo-hoo, it’s all right.I don’t mind this much.”
“Of course, he’s an authorized sixth-degree wizard, and he’s not the only one who’ll lose to alcohol.”
Ned was positive about whatever Seena said.He was ready to believe that the fork was a trident.
“What? You’re so desperate.But it’s really okay.I’m a strong drinker.”
With Shirone’s concerned gaze, Shirona turned the strong liquor straight again.
One hour later.
“Hey, you! I mean you!Ned.”
“Yes, sir,”
Sheena, who raised her elbows on the table where the tableware had been removed, limped with a flushed face.On the other hand, Shirone’s party stood upright and sweated coldly.
In an hour, a bottle of cognac came to the bottom.
Sheena’s tongue was twisted and her eyes slightly lost focus.Shirone’s party, unable to even turn their heads, exchanged glances only with their eyes moving.
“I’m in trouble. The teacher is drunk.”
Sheena, who was muttering something in a low voice, suddenly bowed her head.Cerra Ned grabbed her arm in a hurry, falling off the chair.
“Are you all right, sir?”It’s time to go home.”
“You troublemaker!”
Sheena, who raised her head, pulled Ned’s ball mercilessly.Ned was dragged away with a painful look on his cheek that stretched like glutinous rice.
“Ouch! It hurts!”
“I mean, listen to me.I want to be a good teacher like Mr. Etella.Don’t be distracted by strange things and study hard.”
“Yes! Yes, sir!”It really hurts!”
“And Shirone, Iruki,”You guys!”
“Yes!”
Shirone and Iruki stretched their already upright waist and took a close, angled posture.
“So are you, too.I won’t forgive you if you just trust your talent and try to be slow.It doesn’t matter if you think you’re a bad teacher.I won’t forgive you.”
“No one thinks it’s bad.So get a hold of yourself.”
“Whoosh. Yeah, I know that.Why did I buy it and suffer so much?”Well,”
Shina’s eyelids were half closed and her head fell off.Then he ended up burying his face on the table with his feet as pillows.
“Teacher, do you have to get a hold of yourself?””Teacher? I haven’t even calculated yet.”
“I’m sleepy. I’m going to bed.”
“Teacher?”
Sheena didn’t answer back.
Ned looked back at his friends with a blank look on his face.However, there was no way that they could be able to take countermeasures.As I was struggling to overcome the difficulties, two men, who were watching from the other table, walked over.
“You’re very drunk, aren’t you?”Shall we have the cab stand by?”
A handsome young man spoke to Shina.Behind him was a Honam-type man with a sly smile.
The eyes of Shiro’s party were cold at the same time.I’ve been aware of it since I came in here.that they had been watching her from the beginning and making lewd remarks.
“Teacher? Sir,”Please pull yourself together.”
The best thing to do was to wake her up as soon as possible and get out.However, I thought I was going to put my upper body up, but I couldn’t stand it and fell down on the table again.The man who caught the word teacher in Ned’s words glistened his eyes and flirted.
=======================================

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-590.txt
=============YYYYY=============
[590] Event of the day (1)
The twelfth island of the Mediterranean, the Kingdom of Roblant.
This small country with a population of 700,000 boasts such beautiful scenery that 70 percent of its citizens are engaged in tourism.
At the hotel, a world-class resort and tax haven for wealthy people, secret meetings were being held by politicians who could be known just by hearing their names.
Marika Hotel, a bar on the second basement level.
“Paray!”
Six tables were placed next to each other and 14 people were drinking.
At the center of it all was Miro, the most famous person in the world and yet an unknown woman.
“One more drink!”
“Are you up for a challenge?”
“of course. not there yet!”
When Miro raised her hand excitedly, the men burst into laughter.
“This lady is not your average weekly. good! Kadun, roll another glass.”
“Leave it to me!”
After setting the 1,000 sisi glasses, a man named Kadun climbed onto the table and tilted the bottle in both hands, pouring the drink like a waterfall.
As the two liquids bubbling and filling, and Maze grabbed the empty cup, the son-in-law fell silent in an instant.
Every time Miro’s neck moved, the crowd’s eyes lit up.
The moment the last sip was passed, everyone stood up, and Miro, who put the cup down with a bang, stepped on two chairs and pulled his fist to his side.
“Paray!”
The sound of 14 people shouting at the same time reverberated through the tavern.
“It’s good to sell, Miro.”
“uh?”
Miro turned his head and noticed Sain who had entered the tavern before he knew it.
“Hey, my friend! What are you doing here?”
As if drunk, a blush bloomed on Miro’s face.
“Paray!”
It seems that someone drank poison again.
Miro sat down on the bed as he heard the cheers through the wall.
“Oh, drunk. I must have drank too much polka.”
I didn’t even know what a polka was.
“Are things going well?”
At Sain’s question, Miro pointed to the ceiling.
“It’s on the 14th floor. I guess it’s a long story. I think it will take two more days to come to a conclusion.”
Sein pulled out a chair and sat down.
“It’s good to have fun, but be careful. Because there are many people who are after you.”
“Whoops, who dares to attack me?”
There are only a handful of people in the world who can break the maze of the world, but seeing her disheveled today made me feel old.
‘Well, since I’ve been locked up for 20 years.’
Miro’s originally free-spirited talent seemed to have exploded without control.
‘Maybe the world’s greatest bad boy has been released.’
Miro asked.
“But what happened? come directly Any problem?”
“little. Fermi visited me.”
Miro smiled meaninglessly.
“I took the blueprints for Istas. Of course, the blueprint with the Guffin’s Gate.”
“Ha, I knew that.”
“I sent it to Armin as you said, but is it really okay?”
“then. Can anything happen?”
“Time and space of infinite circulation structure. It’s a case that Guffin tried to protect somehow. If an outside factor intervenes and twists events, the world could end.”
Miro was speechless despite the terrifying remark.
“What kind of case is this? What happened in Estas?”
“I don’t know either.”
Sein tilted his head.
“You don’t know?”
“Something must have happened in Estas. But not in my memory. It disappeared with the erasure of the Guffin. But now that I have experienced the world, I can only vaguely guess.”
“Is that why you didn’t come forward yourself?”
“In the upper echelons of Estas, there is the me of 19 years ago. If events are twisted in some way, the world will be different from what we know. That’s why I told Fermi to give me the blueprint.”
Miro’s eyes grew dim.
“If the history of the world is twisted anyway, it’s up to the parties concerned to destroy it.”
“Is Sirone included in the party?”
“It could be.”
Sein, lost in thought, asked.
“Who is Sirone? Is it the blood of a guffin?”
“I don’t know. The only one who knows the answer is me from 19 years ago.”
Sein poured out the wine and handed it to Miro.
“Are you not running away?”
Miro, who was handed a drink, raised her eyebrows.
“escape?”
“Yolga.”
“I told you. I have no memory of that time.”
“But don’t you have memories before entering the upper levels?”
Sein was persistent.
“okay.”
Miro remembered Yoga’s face.
“Lovely, kind, and just a good person was an unnie that fit perfectly. Could there really be anyone in the world who would hate Yolgah?”
“Then he went missing.”
Sein approached Miro.
“How likely are you to kill me?”
“Whoa, do you want to know that?”
“I am just worried about you. Why did Guffin choose you over Yolga? If only he was such a good person.”
“Because he is a good person.”
Miro passed the strong drink all at once.
“Maybe I killed him. But even if I could turn back time, my judgment would be the same.”
The drunkenness completely disappeared from Miro’s eyes looking at Sein.
“I must have killed it because it was worth killing. It is true that I should have been the successor to Guffin.”
* * *
From early in the morning, the senior class was bustling.
After Scramble Royale ended, participants joined the fierce competition again, and only a few left the school for personal reasons.
The representative characters were Nade and Caden.
The winning team was determined to make up for the 7-day absence, and the losing team had to come up with an alternative to lower their score than Nade.
‘I just need to lower it before the graduation exam. One point behind Nade is the best result.’
The problem was that he did not know when Nade would return.
“don’t worry. I just need some time to think.”
Her best friend, Iruki, reassured Amy like that.
Meanwhile, Sirone, who refused to evaluate, left the lodging early in the morning and arrived at the meeting place.
An eye mask without an eye patch was waiting.
“Did you break the seal?”
“Because it’s the Magic Eye I brought for that purpose. What about Armand?”
Sirone responded by showing Kubrick.
“Now tell me. What do you mean there are guffins upstairs?”
“I’ll explain as I go.”
When Anchal turned to Istas, Sirone refused.
“no. I’ll have to listen to the explanation. We will go together after that.”
Anchal, who checked the time, turned back.
“good. It’s a matter of life and death for you too.”
Anchal reconstructed and recounted a situation that might have happened in Istas 19 years ago.
“Guffins… … You said you came here?”
“Isn’t that obvious? You saw Guffin’s Gate, too.”
Even so, when I heard about it, I didn’t really feel it.
The gap that the person who was erased from everyone’s memory was a wizard that everyone in the world knew just 19 years ago couldn’t be easily narrowed.
“At that time, it is estimated that Yolga and his party were included among the people hiding in Istas in pursuit of Miro.”
“Yolga?”
“I’m Fermi’s mother.”
“ah… … .”
“What is certain is that the kingdom of Tormia secretly sent troops to kill Miro. Hwaseong, a secret unit belonging to the Kimudae. Each one of them is a powerful assassin.”
Sirone recalled the scene she had seen in Eastas through the Poetry Statue Explosion.
“For sure… … It had the mark of Tormia Kingdom engraved on it.”
“The upper floors of Istas cannot be opened unless very complex conditions are met. However, your ability to control time ignored that condition and brought past events to the surface. This will help in some way.”
Anchal finally asked.
“Are you going with me? My explanation ends here.”
Sirone, who was lost in thought, finally lifted her head.
* * *
Rumble! Rumble!
Fermi and Lichen were having a conversation in the 89 buildings of Estas, which were constantly changing and changing their structure.
“The upper floors are only open to certain structures. A stop magic is needed at the end.”
“It’s very detailed.”
“It’s not that precise. It wasn’t a place made to be explored in the first place.”
“It is the time of infinite circulation structure.”
For Lichen, it has not yet come to reality.
“If there really was such a thing, I could have everything in the world.”
What he paid attention to was time itself, not the events of Istas.
“okay. The incident keeps repeating itself. We are no exception. thus… … .”
Fermi threw a red glowing orb.
“It means that any number of things can be duplicated.”
Lichen, who snatched the marble, made a puzzled expression.
“Didn’t you say 10 billion gold?”
“That’s 10 billion gold.”
“this? It doesn’t look like a jewel. Is it an object by any chance?”
“answer. <The Last Scream of the Jaeger Family>. I bought it at Curia auction for twice the cigar price.”
“Twice? then it’s a loss The high price of the object must be because it has a rare value, but if you copy it… … .”
“Of course, but <The Last Scream of the Jaeger Family> is an exception. When the bearer is in danger, it sends out an audible signal to let you know. It’s expendable and it’s closely related to life, so if you duplicate it in hundreds, it’s a matter of time to make a lot of money.”
“Hmm, that’s right.”
Lichen was satisfied only then.
“Move along the set coordinates, then return to this warehouse and put it in the safe here.”
Fermi pointed to a sturdy safe.
“Then, as the incident repeats itself, it continues to pile up. But, you’ll have to be careful. The skills of those involved in this case are not normal. It’s best to bypass the space.”
“Hehe, it doesn’t matter.”
Lichen pulled up rubber tights to cover her nose.
‘Because my skills are certain.’
The eldest son of Gunzo Bedium, who is regarded as the strongest hitman in the Black Line, was Gunzo Licorn.
Fermi asked with such trust.
“What are you going to do if you earn a lot of money?”
“Charity.”
“haha! what?”
In Fermi’s opinion, Lichen was a worse villain than himself.
“Isn’t it fun? The villainous philanthropist. It’s just a blow to the slick hypocrites.”
Lichen said as she loosened her neck.
“Do you know why humans think only they are right? It’s all because of your F*cking imagination. You are mistaken as if you have actually done something you have never experienced.”
Fermi was listening with interest.
“If you don’t want to die in your imagination, you can even cut off your own feet. But in real life, if you give me a saw, I can’t even bring it to my ankle. That’s the blind spot of imagination. The lack of pain.”
Lichen does not imagine.
“I do hit-and-run, but I honestly think it’s a bad move. Because if I kill someone, others can kill me too.”
“That’s the social contract.”
“But my father supported our family with a hit-and-run job. If he hadn’t killed people, I would have been more miserable.”
“That doesn’t mean everyone commits murder, does it?”
“It’s not that I don’t commit. The point is, shut up if you’re not willing to bear my pain for me. Don’t use your wild imagination.”
Fermi raised an eyebrow.
“You are the world’s villain, Licorn.”
“Geuk, that’s why I like you. I thought I could make a lot of money working with you from the start.”
“Get out, Electric Monster.”
Electricity flowed through the lichen’s body, and the figure evaporated in an instant with a gripping sound.
“Then shall we begin soon?”
After confirming that the Istas structure had stopped operating, Fermi left the warehouse.
It was time to cast the stop magic.
* * *
“The position of the structure has changed.”
Sirone, who arrived at Estas with Anchal, muttered with a serious expression.
It wasn’t just a change, but the key was that it was a structure that I had seen somewhere.
‘It’s the structure when the Guffin’s door was opened.’
“Looks like Fermi is already in.”
Anchal looked closely at Istas and then turned to Sirone.
“Are you ready? Once you step in, you may never come back.”
Sirone swallowed and nodded.
“good. Then let us begin.”
The warehouse door opened, and the two slowly entered.
This is an event that actually existed 19 years ago, but has been erased from the memory of everyone in the world.
It is a record of 2 hours and 48 minutes.
—————————————

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-591.txt
=============YYYYY=============
[591] Event of the day (2)
* * *
The stop magic was cast, and an event manifested in the form of a specific structure in Istas surfaced.
<event coordinates>
Time: 00:00.
Space: Warehouse #72 in Estas.
A woman entered through the door from inside the Eastas, which was reproduced as it was 19 years ago.
It was a labyrinth with a look not much different from now, and she was holding a newborn child in her arms.
She stared down the aisle with a serious expression as if carrying all the burdens of the world, then turned around and asked.
“How much time do I have?”
“… … .”
The reason someone spoke outside the door but no sound came through meant that he was outside the case.
“don’t worry. You will surely succeed.”
Miro made a promise to him.
“If you don’t come back in time, just close the time. I won’t regret it.”
She stood for a long time, as if someone outside the door was having a very long talk, then nodded and turned away.
“Yolga.”
Those were the last words she uttered as she left the warehouse #72 of Estas, three minutes after the incident began.
<event coordinates>
Time: 2 hours 42 minutes.
Space: Warehouse #72 in Estas.
Opening the door of Warehouse 72, Sirone and Anchal took their first steps in Estas.
It’s a familiar sight now, but today I was so excited that my heart burst.
“Whoa.”
After taking a deep breath, Sirone looked back at her eyesight and asked.
“By the way, who cast the stop spell? Unless Armin is here.”
“It must be Fermi’s eating out. The events of the upper levels are hidden in one coordinate in space and time. Stop time and it will appear separated by time and space.”
To them, it is an event that plays like reality, but to the people outside, everything here is fleeting.
“If we cast the Poetry Buddha statue bombing here… … .”
Before Sirone could finish his words, Anchal grabbed his wrist and pulled him.
“behind.”
When they clung to the wall and performed Jincheon magic, an illusion identical to the wall appeared and covered them.
After a while, the labyrinth, covered in blood all over and with its arms stretched out, entered Warehouse 72.
His steps were heavy with a blank expression, but his eyes were clear.
‘Mr. Miro? What happened?’
Miro suddenly stopped walking, but Anchal calmly watched her.
‘are you okay. There’s no way they’ll get caught.’
The magician’s ability to realize illusions like real ones was a technicalization of the realm of wisdom, and it was not easy to see through even if it was a maze.
“Sirone.”
Sirone’s shoulders flinched at Miro’s call.
“Don’t come. Whatever you are thinking, you should never come here.”
Thinking that she had to talk to Miro, Sirone moved to the wall, but Anchal grabbed her shoulder.
‘Not yet. It’s not good to get entangled in the case from the start.’
Kururrureung!
At that time, Istas vibrated and the position of the structure began to change.
Miro hurriedly turned around and shouted.
“You idiot… … !”
Before he could finish his words, Miro’s figure gradually faded and disappeared like a lie.
The vibration stopped, and Anchal said while canceling the illusion magic.
“The structure of Istas has changed. That means Warehouse 72 is no longer an entrance.”
“You mean that when the space changes, the events change too?”
Anchal nodded.
“The events of the upper classes are records engraved at a specific time and in a specific space. Even if one of the two changes, the incident does not occur. But it will be different in the future. The fact that the warehouse has moved means that it has already taken a different route from the previous case.”
“Who moved the warehouse?”
“It could be Fermi… … .”
Anchal looked back at Sirone.
“Maybe it could be you.”
Sirone did not understand her words.
“But I just came in, haven’t I? How can I move the warehouse?”
“The upper layer is a structure in which time infinitely circulates. In other words, it is not a straight line, but a circle connected to the beginning and end. There is no distinction between past, present and future. We just entered, but it’s possible that you in the future moved Istas for some reason. If not, how could Miro know your name from earlier?”
“ah… … .”
Sirone’s mouth fell open.
“The upper class incident was recorded 19 years ago. Don’t you know your name? Therefore, the maze we saw is a maze in which we have already met you.”
“Did you know that I was there because you heard about me from the future?”
“I can’t pinpoint anything yet. The fact that the case has already taken a different route means that it will continue to be so in the future. It is especially serious that the space has moved.”
“In what sense?”
Anchal cast a welcome magic to create a cube.
“To put it simply, Istas is a kind of cube. And Guffin put a specific incident here. For example… … .”
The cube’s hexahedron was overlaid with a picture that mimics the war that anyone in Tormia knows.
“Let’s say this picture is an upper class incident. It is a simple painting, but it contains many stories depending on the gaze of the observer.”
Sirone realized how Guffin hid events in space and time.
“It’s like a three-dimensional event compressed into two dimensions.”
“that’s right. I took a picture of the incident as it is in this picture. However, we are currently in a situation where we have entered this picture. So you experience a 2D event in 3D. And now, for some reason, Estas has moved.”
As the cubes rotated randomly, the pictures jumbled like a puzzle.
“Mmm.”
“You understand now? It means that all events recorded in a specific time and space have been scattered.”
Anchal pointed to the passage leading to the next warehouse.
“It takes less than a minute to get to Warehouse 14 from here. But there might be a future unfolding an hour later. Or the past an hour ago.”
If space was warped and the timeline was cut, another hypothesis could be established.
“Then what if you turn back time? So, what would happen if I cast the statue of a Buddha here?”
“How wide do you perceive time?”
“About 1 second before and after.”
“In that case, even including all the time in the upper classes, it remains. Actually, this is a two-dimensional event without time. If you cast Shibutsu Blast now, you will experience the events of all times that happened in this space.”
“But you cannot change the space. That’s why I said that I might have moved Istas.”
“That’s right. Fermi is suspicious too, but you are the one who needs to change the space.”
“What kind of necessity is that?”
Unless it was a very serious matter, there was no reason to activate Istas even while preparing to twist the case.
“I have no choice but to go to the engine room. If the case has changed, you will need to know in order to reverse it.”
When Anchal turned toward the engine room, Sirone asked with a surprised expression.
“Did you know the equation of Estas?”
“Don’t underestimate Jincheon Space Agency’s intelligence. Even if it’s top-secret, you can get the blueprint.”
Sirone’s eyes widened.
‘It’s a top secret… … .’
I felt it even before I went to heaven, but it was just a miracle that I was still alive and not dead.
<event coordinates>
Time: 1 hour 17 minutes.
Space: Warehouse #14 in Estas.
As soon as I left the warehouse door, a powerful explosion sounded.
“what?”
The moment she turned her head, the scene of the warehouse covered with blood greeted Sirone.
“Aaaaaaaaa!”
“Follow me! Never miss it!”
Sirone’s eyes widened.
‘That’s the voice at that time!’
When I checked the identity of the voice I heard when I first cast the statue of Buddha in Istas, a man wearing a claw curved like an eagle’s claw on his wrist was chasing Miro.
“Don’t be offended! My opponent is the strongest banya!”
It was a maze of running while looking forward, but there was no blind spot in the field of view of the Thousand Arms Guanyin looking down on the whole world.
“Aaaagh!”
Guanyin’s palm pushed another soldier against the wall, and his body exploded like a fly.
“Report! 1 trillion annihilation! One trillion annihilation!”
“Damn it!”
Leader Rask, who leads the second group, gnashed his teeth and jumped out.
“maze! Give me your neck!”
The gap closed in an instant, and only then did the maze turn around.
“Sheesh!”
As Kannon’s palm erupted in the blink of an eye and aimed at Rask, his claw wielded afterimages.
The field of Kannon bounced off with an explosive roar, and Rask landed on the floor crossing his claws in an X shape.
“Annoying… … .”
Miro glared nervously at the child in her arms, then turned back.
“Chase! Go after the child!”
Mars’ forces quickly passed by Sirone’s side.
Sirone, who was out of breath just watching the battle, let out a sigh of relief.
“At this coordinate, a group of Mars is annihilated. It doesn’t seem like a lot of time has passed since you’re holding a child.”
“It seemed like he was trying to protect the child somehow.”
Otherwise, there would be no reason for someone as powerful as the maze to run away in front of an enemy.
‘That child… … ‘
Sirone recalled what Miro had asked about her parents the night before she left the mountain after training.
-Sirone, maybe I… … .
What was Miro trying to say then?
“I need to check, who the kid is.”
“Then let’s move on to the next room.”
We arrived at room 13 where Miro escaped, but there was no trace of battle.
“The space is correct, but the time zone is different.”
At Anchal’s words, Sirone took out Armand.
When I grabbed the sword and activated the Diamond Arm, an organic robe wrapped around my body and a cybernetic body floated above my head.
“Is that Armand?”
Valhalla Action is currently paying its debts, but other features would greatly increase its odds of survival.
“Somehow, I have to meet Miro now. I’m going to cast a fire pit here.”
If time was perceived differently, the coordinates of Anchal and Sirone would diverge, so there was no reason to be here.
“good. Then I’ll go to the engine room. Check it out and come find me.”
When Sirone, who even confirmed that Anchal was leaving the warehouse, cast a fire on the statue of Buddha, the surrounding scenery began to flicker.
“Huh uh uh uh!”
The whole record of 2 hours and 48 minutes, which is completely different from the existing time of Buddha statue bombing, was flooded.
The sense of the past, present, and future rushing into two dimensions was grotesque, as if looking at the world through a psychedelic lens.
“Big!”
In the midst of the violence of information, Sirone desperately recognized the time Miro was here.
“Aaaaaaa!”
As soon as the statue of Buddha statue disappeared, my head felt like it would break.
<event coordinates>
Time: 1 hour 32 minutes.
Space: Warehouse #13 in Estas.
“Who are you?”
Miro, who was holding the child, turned her back away from the wall.
“Mr. Miro?”
Hurrying to her senses, Sirone flinched and stopped.
The 2nd team of the Mars unit that had pursued her a moment ago were horribly slashed and scattered on the warehouse floor.
‘The battle is over.’
“Who are you asking? If it is Mars, it kills.”
Sirone hurriedly pulled back the hood.
“no! I am a magic school student!”
It was the best answer to reassure Maze.
“student? Didn’t you go out?”
If you’re a student at the Supernatural Psychic Research Society, there’s a good chance that Guffin was in before cutting the timeline.
“I feel sorry for you. It’s a pity, but organize your life. You can’t get out of here.”
Miro, relaxed, sat down again with his back against the wall.
Sirone approached, looking at the child still asleep with a peaceful face in her arms.
“no. I’m here to see Mr. Miro.”
“me?”
Miro, with a tired face, turned his head.
—————————————

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-592.txt
=============YYYYY=============
[592] Event of the day (3)
“Do you know me?”
Sirone asked.
“What are you talking about? How do I know you?”
After all, Miro, whom he found upon entering Estas for the first time, must have met Sirone.
“I don’t know how to explain it… … .”
It was true.
“I know Miro. Because he fought alongside Mr. Miro and learned a lot from Mr. Miro.”
Miro’s face, which blinked for a moment, soon became serious.
“You succeeded.”
It was the Guffin’s command.
“Then how long after the closing time did you come?”
“Nineteen years.”
It was an encounter with a boy from the future 19 years later.
What will happen to her fate, whether she is living happily, and what happened to the final war? Sirone recalled the imaginary questions Miro would ask and prepared answers in advance.
But what I heard was a harsh voice.
“Why did you come here?”
“yes?”
“If the mission was successful, the incident should have been buried, whether it was destroying Istas or whatever. Why did you come back?”
“Hey, that… … .”
The frustrated maze added.
“You really didn’t know where this place was and came in? An infinite cycle of time. The case must have been twisted because you came in! How will you take responsibility?”
As Sirone stood there blankly at a loss for words, Miro, who had been rolling her head, asked again.
“Are you Fermini?”
Such misunderstanding was a specification.
“no. I am Sirone.”
Sirone?
Miro frowned.
“Hmm. Sirone.”
It was the first name I had ever heard, no matter how much I remembered.
“Anyway, don’t do anything from now on. I mean stay out of the case as much as possible.”
“I can’t. The reason I came here… … .”
“I don’t need a reason. Just prepare for the end of life. After all, if ‘Hexa’ dies, this world will end.”
“What is Hexa?”
Miro pointed to the child in her arms.
“this child. Guffin is thinking of getting Hexa out of cosmic initialization. okay? If Hexa disappears, the human named Anke will be destroyed.”
Departure from cosmic initialization.
“Does that mean it won’t go away when you reset it?”
As soon as I dug into the core, Miro wondered for a moment, but immediately agreed.
‘Well, there’s no such thing as coincidence.’
The probability that someone without that much information would infiltrate the upper floors 19 years later converged to zero.
“okay. Only Hexa can survive Ra’s reset. So make your sacrifice Let me complete my mission.”
Sirone swallowed his saliva.
“Maybe, that child might be me.”
“what?”
Miro, who had been staring at her absurdly, stared at Hexa’s face.
“Come to think of it, I think we look alike.”
As you grow up, your appearance changes, but the feeling of the original version does not disappear easily.
“But I don’t know. If you are Hexa, why are you here?”
Sirone was frustrated with the situation of continuing to have a family.
“I might be the son of a guffin.”
“What?”
Miro’s eyes widened.
“So please tell me. What the hell is going on here?”
“haha… … .”
The laughter grew louder and peaked.
“Ha ha ha ha ha!”
It wasn’t just a pleasant feeling, so Sirone was embarrassed and angry.
“Why are you laughing?”
“Are you the son of a guffin? No, it can never be.”
“How does Miro know that? Did you even ask the guffin yourself?”
“No, that… … .”
Miro laughed again as if it was absurd, then continued.
“You don’t even have to ask. There’s absolutely no way you’re a Guffin’s son.”
“So how can you be sure of that?”
Sirone’s voice rose, but Miro’s expression was rather absurd.
“You really don’t know? Guffin is the world’s most famous wizard. I mean, no one knows that.”
“How could that be the reason?”
When Sirone finally raised her voice, Miro also shouted in frustration.
“you idiot! Guffins don’t look like us!”
Silence passed.
“… … yes?”
Sirone’s face darkened.
“Like us… … didn’t happen?”
Only then did Miro suddenly realize.
“Ah, could it be that it was erased?”
In Sirone’s time frame, no one could accurately recall Guffin’s appearance.
“Sorry. I didn’t care until there. I’ve never experienced an expungement yet. After all, you are not a child of a guffin. It looks completely different.”
“You mean not human?”
Miro was seriously troubled.
When a first-of-its-kind intellectual species appeared, which species to incorporate into was a matter of compromise between the person concerned and the members of society.
“human… … easy. First of all, it has all the characteristics of a human being, and even the Guffins claim to be human.”
That’s why Guffin is defending mankind against Heaven.
“But he is of the ancient Gaian race. I guess it’s a bit too much to say that you’re a child… … .”
Sirone knew this, but he hadn’t heard anything about Gaiain’s appearance.
“Then what does a guffin look like?”
Miro clicked his chin.
“Hmm, it might surprise you at first glance, but should I say bizarre? So, the face… … .”
Miro’s eyes shook in shock as he contemplated the shape of the guffin.
“I can’t remember.”
“yes?”
Miro looked at Hexa instead of answering.
He was still asleep in his arms, but the sense of reality was gradually fading.
“It’s a big deal! The case is twisted! Hexa died in the later time frame!”
Because the beginning and the end are linked, Hexa’s death can affect the current Hexa.
“uh? uh huh?”
Sirone raised both hands with a bewildered expression.
As Hexa’s presence faded, Sirone’s body was gradually blurring.
“Why is this like this?”
This has been clearly proven.
“Hexa. Are you really Hexa?”
If Hexa dies, Sirone cannot exist.
Furthermore, the disappearance of Guffin’s memory means that the closed curve of time has opened.
In other words, it meant that she would face the Guffin erasure without completing the Guffin’s command.
“no!”
Miro jumped up and pulled Sirone by the collar.
“Get out of these coordinates right now!”
I don’t know what kind of future will unfold, but the only way to live is to create variables.
“but… … Where are you going?”
“Guffin’s door! come over there! I’ll fix the hexa there! Only that case must be defended!”
Sirone nodded in succession.
“hurry! I do not have time!”
As soon as Miro left the room, Sirone also cast a firework blast.
“Aww!”
My head was about to break again, and the huge events were recognized as a whole.
“Heo-eok! Huh!”
The space remains the same, but in a completely different time frame, Sirone fell forward and gasped for breath.
lived
The presence of the body was reviving again.
‘Why did Miro’s mission fail?’
It was the first thought I had.
‘I just met Maze.’
However, he had never harmed Miro and had no intention of doing so.
The only guess is… … .
‘Because I asked about guffins.’
Curiosity about guffins made things go wrong.
‘So, as a result of my future self’s obsession with Guffin, Mr. Miro failed in his mission?’
The mission failure was none other than the death of Hexa.
‘I have to go to the Supernatural Psychic Research Society!’
It was the place where the Maze said of the Guffin’s Gate.
‘Please don’t be late.’
After checking the warehouse mark, Sirone ran in the opposite direction of the maze.
<event coordinates>
Time: 00:53.
Space: Warehouse #65 in Estas.
“Keugh.”
Only corpses remained in the place where the maze had swept away.
“Damn it girl.”
The only survivor is Lu Kang, an assassin from the 1st team on Mars.
Even at the young age of 23, he was recognized for his swordsmanship and excellent judgment, and was a talented person who entered Mars, the secret unit of the kingdom of Tormia.
“I thought it was on the side of life.”
It was a dangerous job, but I was confident that I would do well, and the future was bright.
‘This is just telling me to go and die.’
All 42 members of the Mars crew wrote a suicide note before coming here.
It was a kind of death certificate, not because he might die, but knowing he would never come back.
‘What is patriotism?’
I honestly didn’t want to.
I wanted to shout that I would take off my Mars badge and quit right away, that I would return to my hometown.
‘What’s the use of honor if I die?’
But no one did, and in the end everyone is dying.
Even if I had refused the mission, I would have died anyway, but if I was going to die like this, I thought I would at least struggle to save face.
“Kick-kick-kick! A F*cking world.”
When Lu Kang put his hands on the ground and stepped back, only his lower body, which had been crushed from the bottom of his pelvis, remained in place.
‘How to defeat the monster?’
If Miro didn’t pay attention to the child, his body would have already turned into rats like his colleagues.
‘There is a limit to enduring with the schema.’
As he lost his strength, blood flowed down his intestines.
“Is it over… … .”
Just when the focus was off, the door opened and a group of people entered.
<event coordinates>
Time: 1:01.
Space: Warehouse #65 in Estas.
“uh? A survivor… … .”
Behind the petite woman stood two men and a slender woman with strong prayers just by looking at them.
“Yolga.”
Lu Kang lifted his head with difficulty and looked at her.
His dark brown hair curved gently and covered his forehead, and his face was clear and transparent.
She was small in stature, but she was an outstanding beauty.
“Damn it!”
Lukang contorted his face like a demon.
At most, Yoga and her colleagues can survive against the transhuman monster Miro.
What do you mean when Mars dies, the peephole doesn’t shine, and now it appears?
“are you okay? You are seriously injured.”
Yolga flipped over the hood and approached.
“Are you seriously hurt? Does this look like an injury? it’s all because of you An abomination.”
“Quench your excitement. Dangerous.”
“You die anyway. Everyone dies because of you.”
Yoga kept her mouth shut.
“I know. If you hadn’t seduced the king, Mars wouldn’t have been dispatched.”
“sorry. But we still need Guffins. It is still too much to stand against the army of Heaven.”
“shut up! What does the army of heaven have to do with it! I look like I’m going to die, but what’s all that about!”
“I’m sorry.”
Lukang, glaring at Yoga lowering his head, collected blood in his mouth.
“Two!”
And spit in her face.
“You bastard!”
Edgar, who stood two meters tall, standing behind Yoga, approached, waving his mechanical arm.
“Don’t you have any convictions? Are you that afraid of dying?”
“I just feel sorry for being killed. From the beginning, we were not Miro’s opponents. You must have needed a meat shield.”
“I don’t have much left in my life, but I’ll end it now.”
As Edgar approached, clashing steel fists, Yoga raised a hand to stop him from approaching.
“If you have a will, do it. I will tell you.”
“Hey, you can’t go back anyway. It’s over.”
The sullen Lukang thought for a moment and then laughed.
“If you want to repent that much, why don’t you kiss me? It killed me from the first time I saw it.”
“… … .”
“Oh, did I say married woman? It doesn’t matter, what if you’re going to die anyway? Oops, come to think of it, didn’t I have a lower body?”
Lukang felt better as Yoga’s comrades saw a terrifying murder.
“Hehe, you guys too… … .”
Then Yoga slowly showed her face.
“I am really sorry.”
She grabbed Lu Kang’s face and delivered a deep kiss.
—————————————

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-593.txt
=============YYYYY=============
[593] Event of the day (4)
“Huh!”
Lukang’s eyes widened at the unexpected situation.
On the other hand, the faces of his colleagues became calm again.
‘Yolga… … .’
Yoga is a good person.
“If you want… … .”
Yoga brought Lukang’s hand to her chest, but his hand couldn’t bear to touch her body.
“What, what are you doing? Aren’t you sorry for her husband?”
Lukang hurriedly parted his lips and looked at Yoga’s face with a dazed expression.
My mind went blank when I saw her shed tears with a face that contained all the sorrow in the world.
“I’m really sorry.”
Yoga is such a good person.
‘Invincible.’
Edgar looked down at Yolga’s back with a feeling of wonder.
If Miro has a dehumanized determination to achieve a goal, Yoga has a grotesquely abnormal benevolence.
‘It’s also the reason we gave our lives to Yolgha.’
That’s why they were willing to come into the upper floors of Istas.
Lukang’s face, which had been staring blankly at Yolgah, turned into a tear-stained face.
“crime… … .”
A voice that had reached death leaked out.
“sorry. I am really sorry.”
Yoga doesn’t count emotions.
“are you okay. It’s all my fault. Resent me.”
That’s why you can embrace all ugliness.
‘Absolute sincerity. Can a human without the slightest pretense really exist?’
It was a woman named Yoga.
Lu Kang breathed his last breath as he continued to apologise.
It was a beautiful sight at first glance, but his colleagues knew the taste of his tears.
Neither tears of repentance, nor repentance for spitting on Yolgah.
‘If evil terrifies people beyond human courage, then extreme goodness is also fear.’
Lu Kang was fed up with the fear conveyed by the apparently pure Zen.
“Yolga, here.”
Mustang, her friend and colleague, handed her a perfumed handkerchief.
“thank you.”
After wiping the spittle from her face, Yoga put on her hood halfway down and stood up.
“Let’s go. We have to find the maze.”
Prosecutor Nine said.
“Convincing Miro failed just a moment ago. If we meet again, we have no choice but to fight.”
“… … I can’t.”
A promise was written on Yoga’s face.
“But I will convince you to the end. Miro is my younger sister.”
“… … .”
The reason why his colleagues keep quiet is that Miro, like Yoga, is a human with a clear identity.
“Let’s go. before the closed curve of time completely closes.”
At that time, the warehouse door was thrown open, and the colleagues simultaneously took a combat posture.
However, his expression soon became blank, and among them, Mustang raised his hand on his slim waist and asked.
“What are you?”
Sirone, who was frantically heading to the study group, also stopped when he saw Yoga and the others.
“You guys… … .”
If you are on Mars, you will have to prepare for battle.
“We are not enemies.”
Fortunately, Yoga approached first, revealing no hostility.
She was a woman so beautiful that her heart was pounding, but there was an eerie feeling on the other side of her brain.
‘It looks nice, but something is strange.’
I’ve met many sages so far, but this is the first time I’ve felt like this.
“nice to meet you. My name is Yoga.”
She was Fermi’s mother.
‘This person is Yolga.’
Sirone recalled Anchal’s words.
A person who mobilized to stop the maze, against the fact that Guffin was preparing a successor and leaving.
‘Except for his height, he really resembles Fermi.’
Is it possible to be divided into such polar opposites even though they have the same tendency?
Even the good smile that sent chills down the spine reminded me of Fermi.
“Who are you?”
“ah.”
Sirone realized that he had taken too long and took Yolgas hand.
“My name is Sirone.”
Upon hearing the name for the first time, Yolgha tilted her head in interest.
I couldn’t help but be excited because there wasn’t that much difference from Sirone in terms of my current physical age.
‘What am I thinking.’
Not a friend, but not Fermi’s mother.
“Yes, Sirone. How did you get here?”
It was only then that Sirone realized that Yoga was still looking at the core.
He was so naive that he even forgot the current situation.
‘Let’s calm down.’
In any case, it was a matter of caution from now on.
It was because now that he realized that Hexa was himself, Yoga and his party were also enemies seeking his life.
“You have something to hide. are you okay. Won’t you tell me?”
‘What is this person?’
It smelled like maze.
“You know me. but i don’t know you Maybe it’s someone from the future. If the closed curve of time had reopened.”
Even though he hadn’t said a word yet, Yolgha continued to get to the point.
It was as if her voice had become a drill and engulfed my mind.
“are you okay. I’m not asking to hurt you. But if you really came from the future, I want to ask you one thing.”
Upon meeting Yolga’s gaze for the first time, Sirone realized one thing with a thrill running through her heart.
‘I see. This person is also beyond the human category.’
Yoga asked.
“Will I die here?”
Sirone didn’t know how long she had been silent, but faced with the fact that she couldn’t hide it forever.
“yes.”
Only that was true.
“It is not known about the death of a person named Yolgha, but you are certainly not in my future.”
“okay. In other words, the maze eventually makes it.”
Contrary to expectations, Yolgha was not disappointed.
He wondered how he could remain so calm after knowing his own death, but Sirone had more important things to do than that.
“Can you stop it like this?”
Yoga got out of his mind.
“What does it mean to stop?”
“Miro will save this world in the future. It’s not a perfect victory, but she was right.”
Regardless of Hexa’s death, Sirone told the truth.
Unlike Yoga, who nodded in agreement, Mustang’s face turned red.
“Hmph, that’s just Miro’s future. Yoga might end the war with Heaven.”
Edgar’s and Nine’s eyes showed the same emotion.
‘Guffins are absolutely necessary, but even if they leave, the savior must be Yolgah.’
If it were Yoga, he would surely be able to achieve the great unification of mankind and fight Heaven with all his might.
This is because she is the lumberjack with the qualities to become the king of the world unprecedented in human history.
“Okay, Sirone.”
Because Yolga was a good person, he did not hate Sirone.
“Nevertheless, there must be a special reason why you came here. Is the world in danger again?”
It’s not an exact answer, but as expected, Yoga’s insight was extraordinary.
“I cannot answer that.”
If Yoga, realizing the future, actively steps forward, events in the upper echelon will get out of control.
“Do not worry. Death is something that has already been resolved. Instead, let me ask you a favor. Please take me to the labyrinth.”
“Mr. Miro?”
“yes. And you’re comparing me to Maze. Who should remain for this world?”
“But I don’t deserve it.”
“no. You are from the future. Also, if you think you need Maze more than me… … .”
Yoga always speaks the truth.
“I will kill myself.”
“Yolga! What do you mean!”
Her colleagues shouted in unison, but she stood firm.
“It’s not like I wasn’t prepared when I came here. We still need Guffin. And she’s Miro’s little sister I love. If Miro becomes her heir, she will suffer for everyone she loves.”
The fact that all members of the family except Miro were secretly slaughtered was no longer a secret after 19 years.
“how is it? Can you make the hard decisions for this world?”
“I am… … .”
Sirone hesitated.
Hexa’s life is in danger, so it’s right to refuse, but as long as she’s talking to Yolgah, it feels like even her life won’t matter.
‘Yolga is sincere.’
Not even 99.99%, but 100% sincerity had the power to touch people’s heartstrings.
“all right. I will judge.”
I thought maybe having a choice might be a much better thing for Hexa’s future.
“Where is the maze?”
“I know.”
It will be at the Supernatural Psychic Research Society.
No one could know how events would turn out, but it was clear that Miro would definitely come there.
<event coordinates>
Time: 00:32.
Space: Warehouse #71 in Estas.
“Search all over! All scattered!”
Following the instructions of Nickel, the captain of Mars, the troops from 1st to 4th were divided like water.
“damn! We are the most dangerous!”
The leader of Article 1 was dissatisfied with that.
It was advertised as the best, but in the end, everyone knew that Team 1 was a sword holder.
“Gather again on the second floor!”
The 7 members scattered, and Lukang also turned to the west, where he was supposed to be in charge.
“what?”
The moment I parted ways with my colleagues and went to the next warehouse, a licorn appeared out of nowhere with a black mask covering its face.
‘Is it an enemy?’
Lukang reflexively swung his main weapon, the chain scythe, and the lichen moved to the side in an instant with a crackling sound.
‘It’s a wizard. electrical series. Who is it?’
The skill was quite good.
Lu Kang, who immediately took a standstill, swung the chain and raised the scythe obliquely.
“Reveal your identity.”
‘Damn it, what happened?’
Lichen grew annoyed.
The structure of Istas began to change at some point when <The Last Scream of the Jaeger Family> had to be put in the safe of the warehouse designated by Fermi.
‘It’s not profitable to fight these things.’
I had never heard of the unit called Mars, but it was clear from Fermi’s story that they were the best in the kingdom.
‘then… … .’
Lichen took out the dagger worn on her waist.
Lu Kang’s eyes sparkled when he saw the silver blade holding electricity.
‘He’s an assassin.’
An assassin who uses magic.
“bouncer.”
Lu Kang is also not that old, but he is a talented person who has never been left behind in terms of talent since he was young.
The spine-chilling attack continued as the two men, each with their own organs, collided head-on.
The chain scythe changed its trajectory according to nature, and the warehouse flashed with lightning from the lichen.
In a state of energy saturation that was about to explode at any moment, the lichen’s dagger flew and hit the wall.
Lukang, who activated the sensory function of the schema to the maximum, caught the tail of the licen with an exquisite movement.
‘It’s over.’
A slash that fit the standard, without an inch of error, flew aiming at the back of the lichen’s neck.
‘It’s definitely a great skill. but… … .’
The corners of the lips on the inside of the lichen’s mask twitched.
‘It’s too old-fashioned.’
Originally, it was a blow to the point of not being able to react, but if it was a standard assassin 19 years ago, it was something I had learned from the time I grew up with Licorn.
He lowered his head without even looking back, and Lukang’s scythe grazed the back of his head.
‘Eat this.’
All the daggers that responded to the lichen’s current were pulled out and rushed towards Lukang.
The warehouse shook from the explosion of lightning, and Lukang wrinkled his nose in the rising smoke.
“Unlike a skill… … .”
It was after the appearance of the licorn had already disappeared.
“damn! You’re late for the call-up time!”
Other colleagues should have already searched the dedicated area and arrived on the second floor.
However, Lu Kang did not yet know that this 15-minute delay due to the battle with Liken saved his life as a result.
—————————————

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-594.txt
=============YYYYY=============
[594] Time Cube (1)
<event coordinates>
Time: 1 hour 57 minutes.
Space: Warehouse #9 in Estas.
‘No one has come yet.’
Anchal, who looked inside, sat down on the control device of Istas and flicked his feet nervously.
It was said that if time circulated infinitely, the person who operated the engine device would also come here again.
“this!”
Ahnchal, who had thought that far, realized one overlooked fact.
If the current incident in this room was already in the time zone when Istas was moved, no one would visit this place.
‘Because the case has already been twisted.’
Anchal, who thought he needed to be checked, strode toward the doorway, but Sirone opened the door roughly and entered.
“Sirone?”
“Anchal!”
Sirone ran as soon as he saw her.
“Are you still waiting here?”
“No, we have arrived. What happened?”
Sirone bit her lip and walked to the controls.
“Failed. Cases keep changing and I can’t stop it.”
“What are you talking about?”
Anchal, who had come to this place after breaking up with Sirone, did not understand anything.
“damn! What can I do? What should I do… … .”
The act of operating the engine device without hesitation was not something he had done once or twice.
When Istas vibrated, the eyes hurriedly dried up.
“what are you doing? You said it would be dangerous to twist the case.”
“Everyone dies anyway!”
Sirone shouted out loud.
“You have to go back. I… … .”
“Tell me what happened. I haven’t come across any incidents yet.”
Sirone turned her head with a miserable expression.
“My mistake. I didn’t mean to make Yoga meet Miro in the first place.”
“what?”
It was still incomprehensible to Anchal.
* * *
“There it is.”
Sirone consulted Estas’ equation and arrived at the Supernatural Psychic Research Society.
When I opened the door and entered, the gerffin’s door activated by Fermi stood tall.
‘Has Mr. Miro not come yet?’
“Sirone.”
Then Miro’s voice came from outside the door.
<event coordinates>
Time: 1 hour 48 minutes.
Space: Supernatural Psychic Research Society.
Before Syrone could speak, Yoga stepped out.
“Miro, do you really have to go this far? What is there to fight between you and me?”
“You know that the conversation is over, right? If you get in my way again, even unnie will have no choice but to use her hand.”
Yoga’s companions snorted.
“Do we look like hot pants? If you insist, you will die.”
“The crap is gone. I’m talking to Yolgah.”
Edgar’s face turned red at the maze’s provocation, and the mechanical arm reciprocated the cylinder with a roar.
“You want to do it now?”
Edgar jumped out.
“I always didn’t like it! I will kill you right now!”
The moment Miro radiated the incarnation of Kannon, Sirone intervened.
“Get out of the way, kid!”
As Armand’s robes fluttered, the tentacles swung at high speed.
“what!”
Kakakakakang!
Edgar’s mechanical arm covered his body like a shield, causing an afterimage.
It was blocked, but it was pushed to the spot where the 2-meter giant was standing.
“Big!”
The trembling was transmitted through the metal arm.
“Edgar, are you okay?”
Mustang asked without taking his eyes off Sirone.
“That guy is no ordinary bet.”
Sirone drew in her tentacles and said.
“Yolga, you promised.”
“is it so. I will keep my promise.”
Miro snorted.
“Sirone, don’t listen to Yolgah. You will lose yourself.”
On the one hand, Miro’s words were understandable, but if he didn’t do this, he would perish.
“You know. The result is already distorted. If Mr. Miro can convince Mr. Yolga, he will kill himself.”
Only then did Miro’s expression become serious.
It was clear that she was not lying, for she was the one who knew Yoga’s personality better than anyone else.
“Then can I join in too?”
When Sirone turned to the door at the familiar voice, Fermi came in from beside Miro.
“you… … .”
The moment Syrone was about to speak, Yoga asked.
“Who are you?”
It was an instinctive attraction, and even Fermi’s eyes flickered for a moment.
“I am a merchant. Money smells bad here.”
However, he did not reveal his identity.
I didn’t open the upper part of Istas just to have a mother-and-child reunion out of sentimentality.
What really matters is the present and the future, not the past.
He was the one who could most calmly confirm what had happened in this space and this time.
‘Coldly. Calmly.’
“nice to meet you. It’s called Yoga.”
“I am familiar with fame.”
After shaking hands, Fermi said goodbye to Edgar, Nine, and Mustang, whom he called Uncle and Aunt when he was young.
“You look like Fermi.”
Mustang’s murmurs had bones, but Yolgha only smiled.
“You don’t have to talk nonsense.”
Miro said, resolutely widening the distance.
“No deal. If you interfere with our mission, we will kill you.”
“Miro, this is not like you.”
As Yoga approached, the incarnation of Avalokitesvara stretched out dozens of arms to block the approach.
“Yolga, you have to understand me. I’m sorry I came along here, but I still can’t stop.”
“Your actions will eventually lead to ruin for everyone. The Adrias family and the Ardino family.”
Yolgha had already foreseen future events.
“You said there was a reason for that. I’ll follow in Guffin’s footsteps and guard the Wall. That should be enough for now.”
“No reason can precede the result. I’ll take care of it. I don’t know what the problem is, but I’ll fix it.”
“I wouldn’t do this if it was a problem that could be solved.”
“Then speak!”
Yoga exclaimed.
“What is that child? Why does Guffin want to leave? Why doesn’t he tell me?”
“sorry.”
Miro could not tell Yoga.
“Just die.”
The incarnation of Thousand Hands Guanyin swelled up enormously and struck down Yoga.
The floor shook with a bang, and Yoga’s scattered allies drew their weapons.
“Attack the maze!”
“no it’s okay.”
Miro’s eyebrows twitched at Yoga’s voice.
Vanya – Holy Mary.
Yoga, without moving a single step, received the bombardment of the Thousand Arms Guanyin that ignored time and space.
‘This is my mother’s… … .’
Fermi looked up at the incarnation revealed above Yolga.
A beautiful woman with only her face and torso raised her head to the ceiling.
Seeing her eyes closed, tears of blood flowing, and the chain gag tied to her mouth, you could tell how far down she could take the world.
‘it’s annoying.’
Even to Miro, Yoga was a good person.
However, it would not be an exaggeration to say that the incarnation of Saint Mary, who absorbs any shock when encountered as an enemy, is the toughest in the world.
“It’s a maze.”
Yoga said with sincerity.
“Please. Trust my judgment just this once.”
Miro’s expression wrinkled even more as Yoga put her hands on her knees and bowed her head deeply.
“Because of this… … .”
The incarnation of Guanyin became even more gigantic.
‘Sister says no!’
Thousand Hands Guanyin-Strike.
Yoga’s body shook from the violent attacks coming from all sides, and even thicker tears of blood flowed from Saint Mary’s eyes.
“Because I want to see you!”
Nine grabbed his sword and charged toward the maze.
“joy! It’s not like… … .”
Just as Miro was about to strike back, Sirone flew in and struck Nine.
As the four tentacles hit the sword in succession, Nine’s body slammed into the wall.
“Keugh!”
“Breaking promises is unacceptable.”
As if touching a baton, Edgar jumped at Sirone.
“You fool! Miro attacked first!”
The swordsman’s scheme of charging with metal fists was outstanding, and Edgar’s figure disappeared in an instant in front of Sirone’s eyes.
‘I can find Armand!’
When Armand turned around after delivering the image contained in the retinal afterimage, the afterimage of dozens of fists flying at the same time was seen.
Kakakakakang!
He hit the robe, and Edgar’s eyes went wide when the metal exploded.
“What the hell is this!”
Protecting herself with Ringer’s upper, Sirone stepped back and compressed the Photon Cannon.
There was no time to be surprised by the sphere of light that expanded as if it were about to explode.
“Oohhh!”
Edgar swung both arms to deflect the photon cannon, but realized it the moment it hit.
‘Such ignorant… … !’
Light has physical power.
And even with such power that his own arms could be shattered.
Qurrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr!
Edgar’s body pushed up to the wall was hidden by the haze created by the flash of light and disappeared.
“Big!”
Edgar reappeared, completely crouching down, hiding his entire body behind his forearms.
Just by looking at his trembling figure, it was possible to gauge the amount of power that went into him.
‘Edgar was pushed out of power?’
That was Mustang’s impression, but Yoga’s reaction was a little different.
“… … Guffin?”
Miro looked startled and met Yolgha’s eyes.
The outstanding insight was to alternately look at the child Miro held and Sirone, who reminded him of a guffin, and he solved the clue in an instant, and Yoga’s eyes showed anger for the first time.
“Miro, you… … !”
“It was an unavoidable choice.”
“maze!”
At the same time Yoga cried out, Saint Mary’s eyes flashed open and the chains were broken.
Then, two arms protruded from the shoulder, which only had a torso, and started to charge at the incarnation of Kannon.
Vanya-Pajama Maria.
Estas shook as Maria and the incarnation of Kannon collided.
“throw away! That kid is a ticking time bomb!”
“Sister, give up!”
Yolgha is such a good person that he cannot be angry without abandoning himself.
“Everybody back off!”
The moment Nine’s words vomited, the surface of Pa Maria began to boil like lava.
“Explode! I’m going to blow them all up!”
The power of the countless lies that Yoga has accepted wholeheartedly in her life is equal to the intensity of evil in the world.
“sister! no!”
That’s why Yoga came here.
‘It has to be over. That child shouldn’t exist!’
“Sirone!”
Miro threw the hexa and strengthened the incarnation of Kannon to the limit.
“Go through the Guffin’s Gate!”
“Kuk!”
When Sirone stretched out her tentacles to receive Hexa, the child’s body glowed and disappeared.
Transaction of depreciation – reverse teleport.
The highest-grade magic of the photon series that teleports the desired target to oneself.
The person who cast it was none other than Fermi, and Hexa was in his hand.
“Give me the child!”
“Hmm.”
Fermi, who was looking at the child, smiled meaningfully.
“Sirone, is this you?”
Seeing his eyes, Sirone’s heart thumped.
“You, please… … .”
But the madness was short-lived, and he approached Yoga and held out a hexa.
“Well, I guess I need this.”
“ah… … .”
Vanya – Saint Mary.
Yoga’s avatar closed her eyes, her mouth was again gagged with chains, and her arms disappeared from her shoulders.
Yoga, holding Hexa, knelt down.
‘This child… … .’
break the laws of the universe
It is impossible to reach even with extreme insight what it will mean, but the moment humans rely on something more than human, the future disappears.
“Sister, you can’t do that.”
As everyone stared, forgetting the time, Hexa frowned and burst into tears.
Yoga’s sobs were mixed with the child’s cry that spread through the silence.
“How can a child… … .”
Still, Yoga is a good person.
“sister.”
As Miro approached, a sharp chain scythe flew and struck Hexa on the crown.
—————————————

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-595.txt
=============YYYYY=============
[595] Time Cube (2)
Yoga’s face turned white as she gazed at the young life that had died in her arms.
“what… … !”
Where everyone turned their heads with shocked faces, Lu Kang was standing with his hand against the wall with one arm crushed.
“you are?”
Yolgah remembered Lukang, but he had a bad temper to the point where he couldn’t believe he was someone he had just seen.
His bloodshot eyes were out of focus, and his whole body was covered in blood.
“Heh, hehehe.”
He spilled his blood and fell over, smearing blood on the wall.
“now… … You can go home.”
“Hexaaaa!”
Miro shouted and ran to retrieve the child’s body, but it was too much to revive it as it was hit straight with a chain scythe.
Shocked, she turned her head, and Sirone also stood there with a pale face.
Hexa is dead.
‘Then what about me?’
When I looked into my palms, I saw that my skin, which was naturally colored, had turned gray.
Die.
The achromatic colors confirmed that, and Sirone staggered with a sense of dizziness.
“Die. porridge… … .”
“Wake!”
Miro ran over and put his hand on Sirone’s shoulder.
“It’s not over yet!”
“But I am dead. I am… … .”
“Listen straight. A closed curve cannot separate cause and effect. In order for the incident that just happened to end, we have to go around the timeline once.”
After hearing that, Sirone suddenly came to his senses.
‘It can change the case.’
“Go and move Estas. You can’t let Yolgah and I meet. okay?”
Sirone immediately nodded and jumped.
Miro, who was watching him walk away, glared at Yolgha.
“Are you satisfied now?”
If you ask me if I’m satisfied, it wasn’t a disappointing result.
Nevertheless, what was questionable was the appearance of Lu Kang.
“Why are you still alive?”
“The incidents are overlapping.”
Mustang said.
“New events are rushing in before the old one cycles through. Proof that space is collapsing.”
It meant that if the case that Lukang didn’t die came in faster than before, Hexa could be the same.
“Nothing is over yet.”
Only then did Yoga look back at the maze with bitter eyes.
* * *
“damn! What happened?”
Lichen went down the stairs to avoid the Martian forces rushing in.
Still, Mars was pervasive throughout the room.
‘It’s completely different from what Fermi said?’
As Estas changed the structure several times, his movement was also complicatedly twisted.
“What is that child?”
When the 4th group of Mars blocked the front, Lichen flew straight into the passage next to it.
‘I want to stick with you, but… … .’
It was meaningless.
Above all, <The Last Scream of the Jaeger Family> was taken.
One-time object.
If even one of them is in danger, the ability of the object will be activated, and in that case, 10 billion gold will be lost before it can be duplicated.
‘This is a pity jar.’
Originally, it was a noble item that saved the life of the owner, but now, it was rather a hindrance to the lichen.
‘Almost there!’
Lichen ran at full speed toward the far end of the corridor.
It was a warehouse with a safe designated by Fermi.
* * *
fail, fail again.
In the complex moving warehouse of Estas, Sirone encountered numerous incidents, but could not reach the space he wanted.
“There! catch!”
“be careful! He is strong!”
Nickel, the captain of Mars, grabbed the longsword, the common weapon of Tormia, and charged.
His skills were top-notch, and each swordsmanship he threw out was flying towards Shirone’s throat.
‘Broad!’
As the curtain of light exploded, the Martian crew retreated an equal distance.
The photon cannon popped out and the flash of the shotgun movement lit up the corridor.
“Got it!”
When Nickel, who had been relentlessly following Sirone, swung the sword, two tentacles grabbed the blade.
“Keugh!”
Then, another two tentacles slammed right into his abdomen.
As Nickel’s eyes widened and blood gushed out of his mouth, the members’ faces turned pale.
“Captain!”
‘It’s time to be like this… … .’
Sirone desperately raised her mental strength.
“No!”
Elysion broke down the boundaries of the Spirit Zone, and the photon cannon’s flashes entangled like a net throughout the hallway.
“Aaaaaagh!”
Sirone, who turned around as if to escape the screams of the crew members, fired the statue of Buddha statue again.
As the timeline changed, the Martian forces disappeared.
“hurry! hurry!”
Sirone had already bypassed space seven times, but the timeline was too complicated, and no matter how he used it, he couldn’t prevent Hexa from dying.
‘The problem is a man with a chain scythe. Miro has definitely succeeded in his mission. It was twisted in an incident I was not aware of.’
As I finished my thoughts, I saw the engine room in the distance.
<event coordinates>
Time: 1 hour 57 minutes.
Space: Warehouse #9 in Estas.
‘It’s over there.’
When I opened the door to the warehouse and went in, an eye mask popped out.
“Sirone?”
“Anchal!”
Sirone looked around and ran to her.
“Are you still waiting here?”
“No, we have arrived. What happened?”
Sirone bit her lip and walked to the controls.
“Failed. Cases keep changing and I can’t stop it.”
“What are you talking about?”
As time passed, Sirone’s heart grew impatient.
When the time of the closed curve circulates one turn, the case of Hexa’s death ends, and at that time, everything was over.
“damn! What can I do? What should I do… … .”
I’ve already activated the device seven times, but I couldn’t jump over Hexa’s death.
‘We have to attach the Supernatural Psychic Research Society to Room 36. Then, if you take a detour through room 11 and go back… … .’
failure.
Mars was already waiting there.
‘Okay, let’s put Room 55 on top. You can take a big detour there. It feels like starting all over again… … .’
Anchal approached and pulled Sirone’s shoulder.
“what are you doing? You said it would be dangerous to twist the case.”
“Everyone dies anyway!”
It was just frustrating for Sirone.
“You have to go back. I… … .”
“Tell me what happened. I haven’t come across any incidents yet.”
“My mistake. I didn’t mean to make Yoga meet Miro in the first place.”
“what?”
“Hexa. that i died Soon I’ll be gone too. You have to keep me alive in it.”
When the operation of Estas stopped, Sirone turned around and said.
“help me! Come this way!”
Anchal still didn’t understand, but it was something he had no choice but to follow.
“Sheesh! What’s going on?”
This is the eighth challenge.
The exact time is impossible to determine, but the intuition that this will be the last chance is stuck in Sirone’s mind.
<event coordinates>
Time: 00:58.
Space: Warehouse #65 in Estas.
As the space twisted and twisted, the events of the closed curve continued to overlap, and Lu Kang was shocked to see himself dying with his lower body crushed.
“What is this?”
Even Lukang, who was leaning against the wall, was surprised.
“Are you dreaming? Keugh!”
Blood poured down Lu Kang’s intestines.
It is clearly his own image, but he could not find the slightest sense of identity in the destroyed form.
‘This is hell.’
Lu Kang realized only one thing.
“You have to leave.”
“uh? A survivor… … .”
The warehouse door opened and Yoga and his companions entered.
“No, I am not a survivor.”
Mustang stopped Yoga.
Lukang, whose lower body was crushed, and another Lukang, whose right arm was crushed, were facing each other.
“How did this happen?”
“The cases are overlapping. It will not be irrelevant to the changes in Istas.”
“Abominable Yolgah!”
The fallen Lukang spat out curse words.
“It’s all because of you! You made us this way!”
Yoga, as always, bowed her head this time.
“I’m sorry. I have nothing to say.”
That’s how Lukang died, and Lukang, whose right arm was crushed, came to Yoga.
“What is this? Why am I dead!”
“… … .”
“Answer me! What the hell did you bring us to such a terrible place!”
I didn’t have the jaw to know that it was Yoga.
However, her insights go through countless times and variables to reach a certain blind result.
“Do you want to get out of here?”
“Stop talking nonsense! I know you can’t get out once you’re in!”
“There is a way.”
Lukang, who was about to attack the judges, stopped walking.
“The way… … Is there?”
After thinking for a moment, Yoga nodded as if she was convinced.
“Due to a certain variable, you escaped from the event of death. So from now on, follow me. and… … .”
Yoga closed her eyes tightly.
Banya-Pa Maria.
“When the opportunity arises, do what you have to do.”
that was pure
<event coordinates>
Time: 1 hour 32 minutes.
Space: Warehouse #13 in Estas.
‘Finally arrived!’
When I opened the warehouse door and entered, Miro, who had wiped out the Mars troops, was holding Hexa and gasping for breath.
“What are you?”
It was a maze that raised alertness, but Sirone didn’t have time to explain everything.
“It’s too long to talk about! We have to go now!”
“What are you talking about?”
“Guppin’s door! If it doesn’t arrive faster than any other event, Hexa will die!”
She was already questioning the fading presence of Hexa.
“It was you! Why the hell did you come to Estas? Do you not know where this is?”
Anchal said.
“No, you came in. The situation is serious. We come from a world that has already experienced three resets. I need information from the upper echelons.”
Miro immediately understood.
“Enough! Guide me quickly! I do not have time!”
Sirone immediately turned around and ran towards the supernatural and psychic science research group, accompanied by Miro and an eye patch.
The road was fast because he manipulated the warehouse.
Also, thanks to numerous incidents, I was able to bypass the Mars unit.
‘The action now will twist the case again.’
According to the previous case, more battles would have to be fought before Miro reached the Supernatural Psychic Research Society, but by avoiding it through Sirone’s guidance, the incident itself changed again.
“Arrived!”
<event coordinates>
Time: 1 hour 40 minutes.
Space: Supernatural Psychic Research Society.
Sirone, who arrived 8 minutes earlier than the previous incident, looked around.
Because he couldn’t undo the incident of meeting Yoga, somehow Yoga is bound to arrive here.
However, because the current time was pulled, he was able to prevent contact with the maze.
‘done. Success!’
He said while looking at the Guffin’s door where the labyrinth entered the research circuit was activated.
“From now on, I will go to another space through the dimensional door.”
Miro hugged Hexa even tighter.
“What is in the other space?”
“Sacrifices. It’s okay to be a scapegoat.”
I had no intention of making excuses.
That is Guffin’s will.
“To save the world, someone has to sacrifice. And beyond this gate lies the victim of cosmic resetting.”
This was the reason why Miro couldn’t tell Yoga the truth.
‘This is something Yoga could never do. I have to do it.’
Only individuals can sacrifice for the sake of the whole.
If the mission succeeds, the day’s events will be completely forgotten, but her life will unfold in a way that will cost her anyway.
Miro looked back at Sirone in front of the door.
“Are you Hexa?”
The proof was that Sirone’s body was changing into a transparent state as time passed.
“yes.”
“Would you like to see for yourself? You deserve it.”
“I will go too.”
When Anchal said, Miro nodded as if it didn’t matter and headed for the Guffin’s door.
As the maze passed through the light barrier and disappeared, Sirone took a look at the temple and pushed herself through the Guffin’s door.
The retina is filled with white light, and the scene of the night unfolds… … I could hear the birds chirping in the distance.
<event coordinates>
time: break away.
Space: Sirone’s house, stable.
—————————————

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-596.txt
=============YYYYY=============
[596] Time Cube (3)
The old woman with a hunched back ran on a rough mountain road.
Although he was 82 years old, he could not stop walking with the fate of the kingdom in his arms.
‘Prince, you must survive.’
The first prince of Kazura Kingdom.
It was abandoned to escape the invasion of the Yakma Republic, but the day would come when it would return to Khazra and sit on the throne.
‘Wherever there are people… … .’
The place to hide the prince had to be inexplicable even to her, and she finally found a hunter’s hut.
“That… … ?”
Seeing the old woman open the stable door and enter, Sirone hurriedly held her breath.
You wouldn’t be able to notice it because the middle heaven system of the eye temple was activated, but when it came right in front of your eyes, your heart beat wildly.
“Prince, please preserve the jade body.”
After putting the child down, the old woman put her hands together and prayed briefly before leaving the stable.
“Who is this child?”
Miro said.
“The first prince of Kazra Kingdom, the son of Orkamp IV and Eliza.”
Sirone knew Kazura’s situation better than anyone else, having been invited directly to the royal palace and went through all sorts of hardships.
“But this is our house.”
“If you were Hexa, that would be the case. And from now on, I will swap you with the Prince of Kazura.”
“I beg your pardon?”
Placing Hexa here meant that the prince of Kazra, who should have been here originally, would go to the upper levels.
“Why should I? You can grow both together. No, before that, how did you know that the prince was coming here?”
“There’s no way to know, until you’ve experienced it beforehand.”
After confirming that the old woman’s footprints disappeared by themselves, Sirone realized.
“reset?”
“okay. Initialization is already in progress. It’s just that we can watch it because the guffin separated the time of the upper levels from the original time.”
Anchal said.
“The inflection point before and after the reset. You inserted the incident of switching children into the coordinates of that moment and connected them.”
“Exactly. So no one can access it. Except for the upper floors of Eastas.”
Miro, who had put down Hexa, was about to embrace the prince left behind by the old woman, but Sirone put her hand on her shoulder.
“I haven’t heard back yet. Why should I take him?”
“Because it shouldn’t exist. According to Guffin, Hexa is a creature that has taken all measures to ensure that it is not used by any factor, let alone the reset of Ankera.”
His body trembled as he recalled Behemoth, now assimilated with his incarnation.
“But not this kid. If you leave it like this, you will be used.”
“I can’t admit it.”
Sirone’s breathing became rough.
“If I survived because of someone’s sacrifice… … What the hell is my life going to be?”
Yoga probably thinks the same.
‘It’s something a sister would never do.’
That’s why you have to do it yourself.
“Sirone.”
Miro took the prince in her arms.
“It’s not killing. You will stay in the upper floors of Estas.”
“That’s it! You have to live repeating a short time forever! This child who does not know reason, language, or even the existence of the world!”
“I guess so.”
Miro does not turn a blind eye to reality.
“If there was a better way, I would have done it. Guffin’s final conclusion is this, and humanity must make a choice. I also made a choice, and will forever be trapped in the walls of time and space.”
Sirone thought it was not worth responding to.
“Anchal, release the illusion magic.”
The eyes didn’t move, and Miro got angry.
“Sirone! Think rationally!”
“How can you think more rationally here?”
“You know what happens when Anchera freely triggers Reset? Our future is gone! All human beings lose their free will and move according to Ankera’s design!”
This time, Sirone couldn’t help but be terrified.
Any dictator could rule over humans, but even under such a dictator there would be at least some degree of freedom of resistance.
However, in a world ruled by Ankera, even time was robbed and she had to live as his doll forever.
“If Anchera’s weakness disappears, humans won’t even die! I’ll reset it and get rid of the cause!”
Perhaps that is the power of God.
“Do you want a future like that? Do you want a life where you can no longer decide on progress, progress, or even regression? The moment he becomes a god, humans lose their value as creatures!”
Sirone’s eyes grew cold again.
“It could be. But that choice is also ours. Not Guffin, but all of us.”
Miro reacted sensitively.
“Don’t talk like Yolgah.”
“What’s wrong with that? now i get it Mars may be different, but at least Yoga is here to stop Mr. Miro. Because he has dangerous thoughts.”
“Dangerous idea?”
“You don’t have a choice. How is this different from Ankera?”
“It’s sophistry. That’s why I’m willing to sacrifice.”
“Then why is Mr. Miro making sacrifices!”
“Because I am human! Humans are a species that cannot move forward without someone’s sacrifice! You too were born to sacrifice, so why can’t you understand!”
“sacrifice?”
When Sirone asked back, Miro bit her lip.
“If you truly feel sorry for this child, humbly accept the sacrifice.”
“I do not understand.”
Miro sighed.
“Do you know why you have to be free from Anchera’s Reset? It is to make the dimensional door perfect.”
“So what do you mean by that?”
“… … To be honest, I was confused when I found out you were Hexa. Because Hexa is a life form that should be the material for the dimensional barrier I will make.”
Sirone murmured while Anchal crossed his arms and listened.
“ingredient… … .”
“Guffin is leaving. And I will build a dimensional barrier in his place. However, if it is an angel’s ability, it will inevitably break through someday. So the countermeasure I came up with is you, Hexa.”
After hearing that, Sirone remembered the first time he met her in the maze of time and space.
“no way… … .”
“It is to create another dimension in the world of the dimension I created. You, who are not affected by the reset. Then not even angels, not even Anchera, will be able to penetrate the dimensional wall. Also, humans will survive forever.”
It creates another dimension within a dimension and digs into it endlessly.
A completely flawless gap is created, which is completely different in concept from the experience of samadhi that Miro tried alone.
“It’s infinite because it’s two. I can’t do it alone.”
“But I am here.”
Miro was also suspicious about that.
“I honestly don’t know, why you still exist in this world.”
“Because Mr. Miro sent me.”
“no. It can’t be. I assure you, I will definitely put you in my barrier. Because it has to be.”
“But it is true.”
With the evidence from 19 years in front of me, there was no way to refute it.
‘I can not understand. If Hexa hadn’t built a barrier, how could the world still exist?’
It was before Gaold had abandoned God.
“Anyway, the threat hasn’t gone away. That’s probably why you entered the upper class as well. If you’re willing to sacrifice in this child’s place, I’d rather be a victim of my barrier.”
It was a cold tone, so it was maze-like, but… … .
-Let’s keep in touch.
Remembering what she said the night before they parted ways after training, Sirone opened her mouth.
“I can’t accept it. The Miro I know would not have made such a choice.”
“No, I know me. Possibility to change your mind… … .”
“Eung-aeng. Ugh.”
Miro’s gaze was shaken as if shocked by the sudden sound of a child’s cry.
‘Hexa… … .’
It was the same with Sirone.
A sad story that can only be told through crying.
The story brought to the surface a fact that everyone had forgotten until now.
‘This child is also a living being.’
“Who is it, the one who makes noise at night!”
Hearing Vincent’s voice, Sirone raised her head startled.
“A rotten bastard! I’ll cut you up!”
Vincent opened the door and entered, looking unimaginably young, and tears welled up in Sirone’s eyes.
Upon discovering the newborn child, Vincent hurriedly hid the ax behind him and approached cautiously.
“Eung-aeng. Ugh.”
“father! Abandon that child!”
Sirone knocked on the barrier of the middle heaven and shouted, but the welcome magic of Ahn-chal borrowed the power of the spirit eye was strong.
“father! Not that kid! The father’s son… … !”
He should have been the prince of Kazra.
‘I’m not. The prince should have lived.’
It should have been a life where Vincent and Olina grew up lovingly under good adoptive parents and returned to the royal castle.
“who is this! who’s kidding! Abandoning a child, you rotten bastard! Come out quickly!”
“father… … .”
were such parents.
“You really threw it away! No more chances! Just appear in front of me! I’ll turn your face into rice cake!”
Sirone could no longer tell her to abandon herself.
Because you cannot deny even the lives of those who gave their all to raise their son.
“Honey, what’s going on?”
Surprised Olina opened the stable door and entered, Vincent’s trembling hands held the child up.
“What is that child?”
At Vincent’s words that continued, Sirone eventually cried.
“that is… … It must be our child.”
<event coordinates>
Time: 1 hour 48 minutes.
Space: Supernatural Psychic Research Society.
Among the countless overlapping events, an incident occurred in which Mars troops found Lu Kang’s body.
“Death confirmed.”
Nickel, the captain of Mars, paid more attention to the child who had fallen where the scythe fell than to the death of his subordinate.
“You died instantly. It must be the child Miro was carrying.”
“You did it.”
Only then did Nickel’s gaze turn to Lukang.
“Mission accomplished. Guffin won’t be able to leave as long as the child is dead.”
“no. We still have one final mission left.”
Nickel’s eyes flashed.
“Find Yolgah.”
<event coordinates>
Time: 1:13.
Space: Warehouse 44.
“Whoa.”
When the door to Warehouse 44 was opened and Licorn entered, the safe designated by Fermi was waiting for him.
“where… … How many will there be?”
Due to the change in the space structure of Istas, it bypassed a long distance, but eventually achieved its purpose.
‘I can’t tell the difference between cause and effect here.’
A hit man, but also a licen and a wizard.
He knew how the upper echelons were currently working through numerous incidents.
‘Three degrees to the left. Sixteen degrees right.’
As he unlocked the safe, his heart fluttered like a child opening a gift box.
“How long do I have to wait?”
Before casting the stop magic, Fermi answered Lichen’s question like this.
“Time is not important. What matters is the case. If the case where you put <The Last Scream of the Jaeger Family> in this safe is completed, the past and future will repeat endlessly and accumulate in an instant.”
“Until the safe is full.”
Fermi winked.
“That’s right.”
‘I’ll make a lot of money.’
As objects worth 5 billion gold would pour out, Licorn took a receiving posture as soon as he opened the safe.
“… … what?”
Blinking his eyes, what was placed in front of him was an empty safe.
“why?”
Just in case he didn’t know, he put the objects he had in the safe and went out and entered warehouse 44.
‘Should the case be closed?’
The moment he opened the safe again, he couldn’t even see the object he had put in earlier, and his face crumpled like a monster.
“Event.”
Then, one conclusion.
It meant that the case of someone taking the items from the safe preceded it.
“Cheat me too?”
And the only person who knew the secret of the vault was the one he decided to know.
“Fermieeeeeee!”
Blue lightning rode the licorn’s body.
—————————————

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-597.txt
=============YYYYY=============
[597] Time Cube (4)
<event coordinates>
Time: 2 hours 32 minutes.
Space: Warehouse 19.
Destiny’s Warehouse #19.
If anyone remembers the records of Upper Istas, he would have called this place that way.
After Hexa was killed by Lukang, Yoga wandered in search of the maze that had left.
‘Nothing is over yet.’
Maze will somehow find a solution.
‘Because he’s that kind of person.’
Some put the names of Miro and Yoga on the same line, but to her, Miro was a younger sister she could respect.
– Mr. Miro will save this world in the future.
It was for this reason that he was able to remain calm even in the confession of a boy he met in the upper floors.
“Here you are.”
The warehouse door opened and Nickel, the captain of Mars, entered.
His men did not accompany him, but blood was clinging to his body.
“Mr. Nickel.”
“I have confirmed that the child is dead.”
“yes. If the incident ends like this, peace will come to mankind again.”
Unlike Yolgah, who only worried about Miro, Mars came here with a mission to protect the kingdom.
“You worked hard.”
So Nickel had one more incident to happen before the case was closed.
“Ten thousand words. It would have been impossible without the sacrifices of the Mars crew.”
Yolgha smiled, but her eyes were still sad.
“… … Just in case, is there really no way out?”
there is.
If Guffin led all of this, it is because his plan is for the maze to achieve its goal and return to the world again.
“The coordinates are jumbled up. Will I be able to find an exit?”
If the events of the closed curve continued to circulate, they would all become the ghosts of Istas.
“okay.”
Nickel, deep in thought, placed a hand on his chest with a stern face and said.
“Thank you on behalf of the kingdom.”
Yoga looked into Nickel’s eyes for a long time.
“you’re welcome.”
But she wasn’t one to calculate her emotions.
“Rather, I am… … .”
The moment I bowed my head to Nickel, a dagger plunged into Yoga’s heart.
“The white porcelain of the royal palace. Even you won’t survive.”
An evil assassination weapon that melts the blade when it enters the body and turns the blood all over the body white.
It was Yolga’s will that she cried out and vomited a bowl of blood.
“Yolga!”
Edgar slams Nicky’s head sideways and Mustang grabs the collapsing Yolgah in his arms.
It was after he had already stopped breathing.
In the terrible situation where Yoga’s sincerity was repaid with murder, blood in the eyes of his colleagues rose.
“you… … !”
Half of Nickel’s face had already been blown off, but he was still breathing like a Mars commander.
“Why did you kill him?”
Nine grabbed the sword and approached.
“Because it is dangerous. i am a soldier I am only carrying out the king’s orders.”
The ideology of Yolgha was dangerous to the monarchy.
“You bastard!”
As Edgar approached to take his breath away, Mustang saw Nickel’s eyes and shouted.
“Back off!”
Another piece of magic bomb, X-Force, came out of Nickel’s arms.
“Long live the kingdom of Tormia!”
Before the sword thrown by Nine could even reach it, the glass marbles of X-Force shattered and a local magical storm raged.
The frenzy that burns lives is made with the blood of countless tribes and the sacrifices of magicians.
As the terrifying blue light swept all around and disappeared, Yoga’s breathless comrades lay on the ground with grieved faces.
“… … That’s how it happened.”
The warehouse door opened and Fermi entered.
Even in the face of the deaths of his mother and his uncle and aunt, who had always loved him, Fermi was not shaken.
‘Coldly, calmly.’
The place he turned to was Warehouse 44, where the safe was located.
“To bypass time… … .”
<event coordinates>
Time: 1 hour 48 minutes.
Space: Supernatural Psychic Research Society.
Returning to Istas through the Guffin’s Gate, the prince of Kazra was asleep in Maze’s arms.
Sirone’s feelings for following her were still not good, but in the end she had to make a choice.
“Sirone, there is no need to complicate things.”
Miro said.
“To you, the present is my future. Return with the secrets of the upper echelons. You can do what you can there.”
Then the door opened and Yoga entered.
‘It’s finally happening.’
Sirone was nervous about meeting another version of herself, but there was no one by her side except her colleagues.
‘The case was twisted again.’
Then, who the hell sent Yoga here?
“Miro, who is the child you are holding right now?”
Miro’s eyebrows twitched.
‘Know. Who the hell?’
Even if we met in a different time zone, it was never a matter to tell Yoga.
“I am the prince of Kazura. Hexa is no longer here. So stop giving up, too.”
“no.”
Yolga’s gaze turned to the Guffin’s Gate.
Until the closed curve was completely closed, the dimensions would have been connected.
“I can get it back now.”
“There is no going back. As long as I am.”
“Miro, don’t say it’s just a few sacrifices. This is a denial of the value of the whole human being. If we do not choose our future, we will perish.”
Yoga’s insight looked beyond 100 years, 1,000 years, and more than 10,000 years.
“You can’t make a history of relying on one transcendental person for everything.”
“Guffins fought for humans.”
“But he is not our god. let us choose That is the only way man becomes infinite.”
“If we don’t stop now, there is no future. I just have to sacrifice everything in place of Guffin’s will.”
As expected, a compromise could not be found, and Yoga tightened her eyes and spoke softly.
“I will not make it.”
Miro looked back and said.
“Guard the Guffin’s door.”
The moment Yoga’s companions moved, Sirone and Anchal blocked the door.
‘Is this really the right thing?’
Sirone saw a point in what both of them said.
Life is like that anyway, and that’s why choice may be punishment.
‘You can’t shake. I just have to do what I think is right.’
Gaold did it, Zulu did it, Flu did it.
‘That’s the wizard.’
I decided to trust the maze.
For unknown reasons, she sent Hexa back to her original world instead of imprisoning him in the dimensional wall.
That was the only light of hope that led Sirone.
“It’s too late, sister.”
Miro launched the Prince of Khazra into the air and set him down in a corner.
“If you’re going to kill me, do you want me to kill you?”
Now that the exchange with Hexa was over, there was no reason for Miro to risk her life to protect the prince of Kazura.
“Because it is a sacrifice.”
A light shimmered in Miro’s eyes, and a huge incarnation of Kannon, which had never been seen before, rose up.
“It will be different from now on.”
In Yoga’s body, the incarnation of Mary also bloomed.
“Even Guanyin cannot break my incarnation.”
“If you are Saint Mary, yes.”
When Miro’s hands crossed, Guanyin’s palms overlapped in hundreds and landed on the top of Yoga’s head.
“You keep getting beaten up.”
Cuckoo coo coo!
At the same time as the warehouse shook, Yoga’s companions rushed to the Guffin’s door.
“I will take care of the woman. Guard the door.”
Anchal lured Mustang, and Edgar and Nine attacked from the left and right of Sirone, who was left alone.
Sirone, who identified the movement with Armand’s sensitive nerves, let out a big breath.
“Whoa!”
The spirit of the wizard who added one opinion for the future of mankind was no longer shaken.
‘Antithesis!’
As the eyes of Akamai turned into the cybernetic brain, Edgar and Nine, who came close to each other, stiffened.
“Keugh!”
In an instant, the will to act was restrained, and the borderline in Sirone’s spirit zone disappeared.
Elysion – Sona Explosion.
A light was born in the bodies of Edgar and Nine and began to swell rapidly.
‘Nonsense!’
No spirit zone can cause a phenomenon inside a creature with its own spirit.
However, since Sirone has no mental boundaries, it was enough to cast it on the space itself.
‘This is an instant death if caught!’
No matter what in the world, there was no ability to withstand an explosion inside, so Edgar and Nine activated the mortal schema and barely escaped the antithesis.
That alone could be said to be a great skill, but it was not possible to completely avoid the exploding mass wave.
Two explosions erupted in succession, and the bodies of the two flew to the wall.
Although the body was spared from exploding, Edgar’s mechanical arm was smashed and Nine suffered severe internal damage.
Mustang, who was fighting fiercely with Anchal, looked back at Sirone in disbelief, and Yoga also trembled in the state of Saint Mary.
“how… … .”
Not because I saw something completely different.
Rather, it was a shock that was so familiar, but that no one could imitate.
“Guppin’s Ultima System?”
Miro shrugged his shoulders as if it were natural.
“That child is the future Hexa.”
Yoga’s eyes shook in shock as she looked at Sirone.
* * *
As Lichen, who was betrayed by Fermi, changed his behavior, Lukang met his death with his lower body crushed by Miro again.
Yoga’s kiss was a bonus.
So, leaving Lukang’s body behind, Fermi appeared in front of them as they set out to find the maze again.
<event coordinates>
Time: 1 hour 10 minutes.
Space: Warehouse 65.
“you are?”
“I am a merchant. It smells like money here.”
Yolgha stared at the young man’s nostalgic face and finally smiled.
“The merchants are everywhere.”
Mustang said.
“He looks like Fermi.”
Yoga asked the horse with bones.
“May I know your name?”
“Coincidentally, my name is also Fermi.”
Fermi came over and asked, scratching his head.
“I guess you know of a Fermi, too?”
“yes. He is the most precious person to me.”
Fermi secretly chewed the flesh from the inside of his lower lip and ripped it off.
As long as Yoga is not shaken, he must not be shaken either.
“So did you find any money?”
Fermi took out dozens of <The Last Scream of the Jaeger Family> from his pocket.
“Yes, quite a bit. If this is enough, hundreds of billions of gold should be in no time.”
Yolga stared at Fermi’s smile.
“How long have you been here?”
“Because there is no clock. It seems like it’s been quite a while in terms of biological time.”
Even if it doesn’t seem like Yoga’s question, Fermi hurriedly changed the subject because it was always poking at the core.
“Take it. It’s a deal.”
When the bag containing the object was presented, Yoga accepted it obediently and checked the contents.
“That’s a good thing. It is a replica.”
It was no coincidence that Fermi chose <The Last Scream of the Jaeger Family> as the object to take to the upper floors.
She didn’t say anything, but Yoga must have already known, and she shook her head embarrassingly.
“It’s like getting dozens of lives, but I don’t have the ability to pay that much value.”
“I don’t need money. Because it’s already full and overflowing. Even so, he is very resourceful.”
Yoga laughed happily.
“That’s really great. Then what do you want from me?”
“There is something I want to ask you. Getting advice from a great wizard is worth it.”
Yoga’s head tilted like a cat.
“If there is anything I can answer.”
Fermi smiled and asked.
“I am… … Are you doing well?”
For him, it was a question that he couldn’t buy even if he paid billions of dollars.
—————————————

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-598.txt
=============YYYYY=============
[598] Time Cube (5)
Fermi waited patiently for an answer.
‘If you twist the case, the mother can live.’
But to Fermi, Yoga was more than a mother, so even denying her death felt like an insult.
So I wanted to know.
Why Yoga had to go into the upper classes, why such an outstanding mother could not return to her family.
“There are many times in life when you get lost.”
Yoga finally spoke up.
“But, Fermi, it’s okay to worry about right and wrong about anything. Because when we stop thinking about it, the value of human existence disappears.”
“I am… … Would that be true even if he were the villain of the world?”
Yolgha smiled benevolently.
“Humans choose good and evil, not good and evil choose humans.”
And suddenly, I put my hand on the shoulder of the big Fermi.
“Always remember, you still have a choice. Then, even if you get lost, you will find it again.”
All parents protect their children, but in Yoga’s words, there was kindness that embraced Fermi’s entire personality.
‘my mother. My own mother.’
No, she was the mother of the whole world.
“Did you get an answer? I don’t know if it will be a reward for receiving nice things.”
“It’s full of tea.”
As Fermi turned around, Yoga asked hastily.
“Where are you going now?”
“Forward.”
Fermi turned his head and said with a smile.
“Because I chose it.”
<event coordinates>
Time: 2 hours 13 minutes.
Space: Supernatural Psychic Research Society.
It was a brutal battle.
Mustang, who freely handles the three attributes of fire, cold, and air, unleashed a magic that was not in the world as if he had developed it independently, and Anchal, the director of Jincheon Space Agency, was also defending by drawing out all possible illusions.
Syrone’s Elysion pressed Edgar and Nine by casting magic on the space itself, not on the target, and Miro’s Kannon was now slamming Yoga’s body as if in madness.
‘As expected, Miro is strong.’
It wasn’t just a matter of level, but the very existence of the maze transcended human beings.
‘I understand why Guffin chose you.’
If Yoga has reached the level of prajna from the lowest position in the world, Miro looks down on the world from a higher place than humans think.
‘I want to rely on it.’
Being safe by Miro’s side was a completely different temperament to Yoga’s blind embrace.
‘If I were the mother of mankind… … .’
Miro is the father of mankind.
At the forefront of the crisis, those who protect humanity by sacrificing themselves without showing any pain.
‘Yes, maze. We are not wrong.’
But the world says only one of them remains.
In a situation where the end of mankind is approaching, is it a father or a mother that humans need?
Yoga smiled happily.
‘He grew up well.’
A young man’s face passed through my mind.
So it’s not over.
“Miro, I can’t look at you any longer.”
The benevolence disappeared from Yoga’s expression.
Banya-Pa Maria.
“okay? Now I’m going to have some taste!”
Since Pa Maria could be destroyed, the maze further accelerated Kannon’s repeated blows.
It was after Anchal defeated Mustang with the Jincheon magic hammer and Sirone defeated Edgar and Nine.
‘He probably thought he couldn’t turn off the time.’
It was a maze that I thought so, but Yoga was laughing.
“what… … !”
Just as Kannon’s paradise flew in from left and right and was about to crush her, a flash of light flew in and snatched her away.
“Keugh!”
Released from his photonization state, Fermi gritting his teeth, slid across the floor, and banged his head against the wall.
“Fermi?”
Yolgha looked back at Fermi with a surprised expression.
He was covered in blood all over his body, and each part had serious sword wounds.
“How come this… … .”
“Whoops. It is very strong, the people who are targeting you.”
In order to prevent the death of Yolgah, Fermi fought Mars and achieved the result of killing 14 members of the crew.
Although equipped with a lot of advanced magic, it was not possible to avoid fatal injuries while eliminating 14 of the best assassins in the kingdom.
With Fermi lying on the floor, Yoga looked around the study hall.
Edgar and Nine’s corpses were lying in front of Guffin’s door, and Mustang was dead next to Anchal, who was kneeling bleeding.
She turned her gaze to Miro for the last time and opened her mouth.
“I don’t disappear. Please do me a favor instead.”
“No, don’t ask. don’t disappear You just have to go out with me.”
“Die aaaaa!”
At that time, the captain of Mars, Nickel, entered the study group.
His eyes, smeared with the blood of the men Fermi had slain, were filled with the will to complete the mission.
“I kill!”
‘idiot! That’s not a hexa!’
In the eyes of Nickel, who did not know the current situation, it was natural that the prince of Kazura looked like the child Miro was holding.
“no!”
<The Last Scream of the Jaeger Family> sounded in succession in Yolga’s ears as she ran toward the child.
“Dangerous!”
The girl’s scream means death soon.
“Dangerous!”
Die.
“Dangerous! Dangerous! Dangerous!”
Die. Die. Die.
Spurring dozens of chances to live, she moved toward a future where there was only death.
Nickel’s sword went through her back.
“Huh!”
Yoga’s head soared to the ceiling, and Nickel twisted the blade and pushed the sword further.
‘I have to kill the child!’
The mind of a trained soldier was cold like a machine.
Thousand Hands Guanyin – One Ta.
Just before the tip of the sword stabbed the prince, Kannon’s palm flew and separated Nickel’s face from his body.
Behind Yoga, who was kneeling down, Fermi grabbed one shoulder and stood up.
“mom… … .”
But Miro’s words came first.
“why?”
It was incomprehensible.
“Anyway, this child is destined to be locked up forever! Why do you keep doing stupid things?”
“That, too, is something you have to choose for yourself.”
Miro saw Yoga’s limit.
“Miro, trust us. Please believe that we can protect the future with our own strength.”
“Even if I said that, I won’t remember it once I leave here. It’s expunged! You stupid sister!”
“No, I’m sure you can remember.”
Yoga smiled as if life was burning.
“Because you are not stupid.”
remember
Miro clenched both fists.
I will definitely remember what Yoga told me in death.
With her eyes closed as if satisfied, Yoga’s body fell backwards, and Fermi hurriedly received her.
‘mom.’
I felt that I should speak.
“mom… … .”
“Thank you, Fermi.”
Yolgha raised her hand and stroked Fermi’s cheek.
“Your choices have changed the world. proud… … .”
Her hand fell helplessly.
“My son.”
So Yoga left Fermi’s side.
Just like that time 19 years ago.
“Thank you, mother.”
But he was no longer sad, and sent Yolgha away with a smile just like his mother’s.
“Fermi! damage!”
The moment Sirone shouted, a powerful electric shock occurred around Fermi.
As he hugged Yoga’s corpse and threw himself away, a black figure grabbed the prince of Kazura and ran to the corner.
“ha! ha!”
Lichen, whose head was bleeding, grabbed the child by the neck and glared at Fermi.
“betrayer. How dare you use me?”
“You have to speak straight. Wasn’t it used, not used?”
Lichen, who knew Fermi’s personality, asked directly.
“Where is the object? Give it all.”
“doesn’t exist.”
Electricity flowed through the lichen’s hands that gripped the child’s neck.
“If you don’t want to kill a human, bring an object.”
Lichen, who knew Yoga’s identity, also knew that the child she risked her life to protect was useful for blackmail.
“Even if you say so, no. All destroyed.”
“Then find a way. is it your specialty? Make it and bring it. Otherwise, this child will die.”
It was impossible for anyone to take the child away from the lichen that was wrapped in electricity.
“Lichen, you will have to use good judgment. Wouldn’t it be nice to upset me?”
“Hey, that’s how it was until now. But not anymore.”
Lichen’s gaze turned to Yolgah’s corpse.
I thought it was all about replicating an object using the incident where my mother went missing.
However, when I opened the lid, Fermi was also a human after all.
“A foolish child. Because I miss my mother’s arms… … .”
It was a natural misunderstanding for Lichen, who could not even guess how complex events in the upper levels would change the future and what Fermi really wanted to protect.
“I don’t need to explain to you. But the moment you reject my words, life will be difficult.”
“Isn’t that right, Fermi?”
Lichen’s eyes flashed with life.
“I’ve been unlucky with you since before.”
As the electric shock exploded, the crying sound of the child disappeared, and the lichen, who threw the body, activated the lightning magic and left the study group.
“Likeen!”
As Fermi burst into anger and chased after him, Sirone immediately moved and looked after Kazura’s prince.
“He is dead. Change the case again.”
It was a pity that Yolga’s will was broken.
“Do whatever you feel like. I’m leaving.”
But Miro had to keep Yoga’s teachings and the realization of how important choices are to human beings.
‘My sister’s last memory. I will definitely bring it.’
To do that, you must leave now.
“When I leave Istas, the closed curve of time is completely closed. This will close the case.”
If the case is twisted, Yoga’s death will unfold in a different direction, and Miro’s resolution will also be an event without it.
If Hexa is trapped in the space-time barrier, as a result, Sirone will not be able to be here either.
“I don’t know when it will be, but if we meet again in the future, remember today’s events.”
Miro crossed the threshold of the research meeting.
<event coordinates>
Time: 2 hours 35 minutes.
Space: Warehouse #9.
Even while Sirone was operating the engine unit of Estas, Ahnchal’s nagging continued.
“Sirone, let’s just end it here. It is dangerous to twist the case further.”
Sirone didn’t answer.
“think carefully! If the worst happens… … !”
“I will meet you.”
“what?”
After pressing the finish button, Sirone’s eyes widened.
“I’m going to meet a guffin.”
“What are you talking about? How do you meet Guffin?”
Guffins definitely exist.
To the world before 0:00 when the maze enters and the incident occurs.
‘Guppin, I don’t know what you’re thinking… … .’
Hearing the vibrating sound of the Estas changing structure, Sirone left the warehouse.
‘You must convince me!’
<event coordinates>
Time 2 hours 42 minutes.
Space: Warehouse #72 in Estas.
Miro trudged along with blood all over his body.
If she left Istas like this, time would be isolated and only the events she experienced would circulate.
“Sirone.”
With the exit right in front of her eyes, Miro stopped abruptly.
“Don’t come. Whatever you are thinking, you should never come here.”
It was a warning to Sirone, who had just entered, who would be watching from behind the illusion magic of Ahnchal.
Kururrureung!
As soon as he finished speaking, Istas vibrated and the position of the structure began to change.
“You idiot… … !”
Miro turned around and saw Sirone running towards her.
‘I will definitely meet Guffin!’
Perhaps.
If only I could reach 0:00.
‘Poems of fire!’
The closed curve of Warehouse 72 began to open.
<event coordinates>
Time: 00:00.
Space: Warehouse #72 in Estas.
Miro, holding Hexa in her arms, looked back at the Guffin outside the exit and asked.
“How much time do I have?”
Hearing Guffin’s words, she nodded.
“don’t worry. You will surely succeed.”
“Geopiyiin!”
As soon as the vision of Sirone appeared, time began to flow backwards.
The labyrinth, which performed its movements in reverse order, walked backwards and disappeared outside the curtain of light, and at the same time, Sirone jumped into the exit.
‘come out!’
The starting point of the record of 2 hours and 48 minutes.
But to Sirone, a second of the past was also the present… … .
‘I know it’s there!’
Finally, the Poem of the Buddha statue has overcome the barrier of time.
<event coordinates>
Time: -1 second.
Space: Unknown.
(end of volume 24)
—————————————

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-599.txt
=============YYYYY=============
[599] Rootless Tree (1)
Sirone’s spirit permeated the light.
It was the reason I could open my eyes even in a group of lights that could not be brighter than this.
‘here is… … .’
I didn’t feel like I was standing there, as if my body had disappeared and only my mind remained.
I raised my hand, but there was nothing. I could see everywhere, but I couldn’t see anything.
In the minus 1 second of 0:00 minutes in the upper layer of Istas, where even time was lost, Sirone came face to face with Guffin.
“Hexa.”
As I turned my mind to where the voice came from, a shimmering shadow appeared in the distance.
The closer they got, the clearer their appearance became, but as if they were not going to allow any further approach, the waves of light disturbed the sharpness.
‘Are you really human?’
Sirone was not convinced.
The black silhouette obviously has a face and limbs, but because of the distortion of the light, the whole body is long like a stick, and in some parts it is thin as if it has been cut off.
“Are you a guffin?”
Guffin didn’t answer, and the thought that he could disappear at any moment made Sirone nervous.
“Answer me! You have an obligation to speak to me! Who the hell am I? Are you Ikael’s son?”
“Hexa. You are the result.”
Sirone did not want to be called Hexa.
“I speak so you can understand. I am very angry right now.”
Guffin’s voice, which had not been answered as if choosing words, continued.
“You have no cause.”
“what… … .”
Where in the world is there a being without a cause?
“You are the result. It’s an absolute coincidence. That’s why I’m free, and that’s why I can fight.”
Even if I couldn’t accept Guffin’s words as truth, I felt like I was going to collapse.
“You mean you have no parents and no reason to be born?”
Wouldn’t even the dust floating in space have more meaning than this?
“Answer me! Are you saying that Ikael is not my mother?”
“Once upon a time I was a mother.”
An inexplicable anger surged up.
“Stop talking and speak plainly! Come out this way! Don’t hide there, show yourself!”
“I am in front of you. It’s just that I’m not in front of you.”
Are Guffins Crazy?
They were talking in the same language, but I couldn’t understand a word.
“Don’t analyze, accept. Take it as a whole and become one. That is Ultima.”
Sirone realized it only in the state of Jikji.
“cancellation. You don’t exist now.”
Because he doesn’t exist, he can’t be called by anything, and Sirone can’t put him in front of him either.
“I don’t ask for a lot. I just want to understand. Who am I? How do I know?”
“When you know everything, you will know everything.”
It wasn’t a play on words or a turn around.
For a guffin that transcends human thinking, this is the only sure answer.
“When you know everything… … .”
Interpreted by human standards, it was like reaching the end of the truth.
“How can I meet you?”
“Beyond infinity.”
It was the last phrase left when looking at the records of the Gaians in the ruins of heaven.
“Infinity… … over?”
Sirone manages to continue the conversation with Guffin, but this is not the only solution.
“How is that possible?”
Anyone who knew what infinity was would have thought the same thing.
“You mean there is no end? But how can I get over it?”
“Why do you think there is no end?”
“Isn’t that obvious? The numbers go on endlessly… … .”
“Have you ever reached the end of numbers?”
Sirone shut his mouth. He has never reached it, of course, but that is why it is called infinity.
“Infinity is just the biggest concept that humans can think of. see the ultimate Cross infinity at the end of infinity.”
Sirone asked again.
“Sue… … Are you saying there is an end?”
“there is.”
Guffin’s answer was firm.
“And beyond that I am.”
The silhouette of the guffin gradually began to shrink.
“Wait! I haven’t heard anything yet.”
“I told you everything. This is the end of my existence.”
When the upper level is closed, you won’t find guffins anywhere in the world.
“I will be waiting for you at the end.”
The guffin shrunk to a point and a huge storm of light rushed in from where it disappeared.
Although no external force was involved, Sirone’s mind was as dizzy as if it was swept away by waves, and at last it began to disintegrate into the smallest units.
“wait. crawl… … .”
As the light faded, I could see the back of a hand reaching out towards the guffin, at which point Sirone’s eyes closed.
* * *
“Sirone! are you okay? Sirone!”
When Anchal patted his cheek, Sirone’s eyes flashed open.
“Huh!”
As if it had been disintegrated and put back together, the shock of reconstructing all of my senses hit me.
“Here?”
“Out of Estas. you ran out the door He came right after and he was down.”
As her senses stabilized, Sirone’s eyes half-closed.
“Have you met Guffin?”
Ahnchal asked before falling asleep.
This was also a key piece of information from the upper echelons of Estas, but Sirone wasn’t sure.
‘Have I met a guffin?’
I remember having a conversation in the light, but it didn’t feel real enough to convince me that I must have been dreaming.
“I don’t know. But this is for sure.”
A single tear trickled down between her closed eyelids.
“I am… … It has no roots.”
Sirone fell into a deep sleep again.
* * *
“So, are you leaving?”
Vice-principal Olivia tilted her teacup as she faced Anchal who had come to pack her things.
“Because I got all the information I wanted. I must report to His Majesty the Emperor. Valkyrie, of course. Then all the countries of the Three Kingdoms and the Seven Kingdoms will know.”
I wondered if Anchal would hand over the confidential information to another country, but he had no intention of intervening in politics.
“It will be good for you anyway. Since the upper floors are closed, there’s no need to shut down Istas.”
“Well, good news for seniors. One strong competitor is gone.”
“Of course I’m a pro… … .”
Anchal looked back on his school life.
“The current senior class is pretty strong. Same with Dante, Canis, and Fermi.”
It was a name that was also imprinted in Olivia’s mind.
“Why did you tell me? Wasn’t the incident in the upper levels a top secret?”
Anchal smiled.
“You don’t believe me. I’m really going to share information with Valkyrie. It’s too big a lump for an empire to contain. and… … .”
Anchal remembered Sirone waking up this morning.
“Even if I say nothing anyway, the person involved in the case is still attending school.”
“but… … .”
The secrets of the upper classes that Anchal had heard were surprising.
“Yolga threw a ripple into Miro’s mind, and that ripple continued, giving Syrone the option of exiting the labyrinth’s space-time. Are we just living within a pre-determined time?”
“I can’t be certain. I think so. Time is not fixed, but we have the conviction to make the same choice.”
Like Yoga who knew death and moved on.
“It’s a belief.”
Anchal put on his backpack and stood up.
“I have to stop. Because time is tight. Say hello to Sirone instead.”
“Isn’t this going to hurt Sirone?”
“I can’t tell. Because I too am just an accessory of the Empire. but… … .”
Anchal thought for a moment and said.
“As the director of the Jincheon Space Agency, I will do my best. Tell me to call anytime if you need my help.”
“I will.”
Even in the Jincheon Empire, being in touch with the director who handles confidentiality was a network that ordinary people could not imagine.
“then… … .”
“for a moment. One more thing.”
Olivia called and stopped the temple heading to the door.
“Giving Sirone a chance to choose means that Miro remembers the incident in the upper classes, right? How could that be?”
After the Erase Guffin, Miro should have forgotten about Yolga’s death.
“well. I have my doubts about that too. After all, Miro is strong enough to be called transcendental. But at the same time, I also felt like this. Perhaps Yoga’s death changed not only the memory, but the human being itself called Miro.”
“Hmm, that might be the case.”
Anchal shrugged.
“After all, it is just a home. Only Miro knows the truth.”
“okay.”
Only Miro would have known.
* * *
“Paray!”
In the kingdom of Roblanc, on the second basement floor of the Marika Hotel, a drinking party was taking place as usual today.
There was no one who didn’t know the maze that had been pouring into the hotel since days ago, and she tied the tavern’s record by emptying twenty-one cups of polka.
“How wonderful, my lady! Twenty-one glasses of polka! I was the one who saw the legend when I was 16. Is a new legend born today?”
“Just one more drink and we’ll hit the record high! After 34 years!”
Upon hearing this, Miro held out an empty drinking cup.
“My name cannot be left behind the adjective ‘best’!”
While people shouted praises, Sein dragged Miro with a tired expression.
“Stop drinking. You are really drunk now.”
“Hey, how are you? Today is a good day.”
It was the day when the politician supported by Miro pushed through the agenda in a secret meeting that was being held secretly at the hotel.
“I’m leaving soon, so I’ll go and enjoy Roblanc’s specialties to my heart’s content.”
“No matter how much you drink, you can’t stay sane. We have to think about the crisis situation.”
Miro, whose cheeks were flushed red, pointed his finger in a disheveled posture.
“Eheh, so you’re just waiting until I’m drunk and pass out? to be silly Alright, let’s try it.”
Miro set the glass down on the table and shouted.
“I challenge you!”
“Good! Hey, everyone gather! It is the moment when a new legend is born!”
Sein let out a sigh.
‘Miro, why are you doing this?’
He had a personality that would not fall into play, but I had never seen him drink so much.
“Sain, this drink is called polka.”
Miro rested her chin on the table and looked at the two-colored streams of water filling her glass.
“I don’t even want to know.”
“From long ago, the fishermen of Roblanc enjoyed two kinds of liquor. Fort made in the North is distilled, and Enka made in the South is fermented. So, when going out to sea, a fight broke out between the northern and southern people over which alcohol was better. Then the captain, who was worse off, made an offer. Rather than fighting like this, let’s mix it up and drink it together. That was the beginning of polka.”
Looking at Fault and Enka whirling in the glass, Sein finally realized Miro’s heart.
“What does parei mean?”
“You and me, all of us.”
“… … .”
Polka is complete.
“ruler! If you only drink this, the lady is the best!”
“Drink! drink! Drink!”
Miro raised his arms and smiled broadly.
“Good! Start!”
Everyone muffled as Miro grabbed the glass, and the strong drink gulped down her throat.
“Uh… … !”
All the drinkers in the tavern jumped to their feet when they saw that the last drop had been emptied.
“Wow! Success! It’s a record high!”
Dozens of people shouted at the same time as Miro took a deep breath and a large inhalation.
“Paray!”
“ha! It kills the mood!”
Miro stuck out his tongue and collapsed on the chair, but Sein didn’t nag anymore.
“Are you satisfied now?”
“huh. drank to overflowing Let’s leave in the morning.”
“If you wake up, will you remember?”
“Whoops. It doesn’t matter, even if you don’t remember.”
Miro looked up at the ceiling and said.
“Emotions remain.”
“… … Right.”
Perhaps because he was drunk, the light coming down from the lamp was blurred.
‘Yolga, are you watching?’
She was small but gigantic, and though she was the lowest, she looked higher than anyone else.
Miro raised an empty wine glass towards the beautiful face shimmering in the halo of light.
“For the future my sister and I will create… … .”
parlay.

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-6.txt
=============YYYYY=============
Please enable JavaScript
Vincent grabbed Shirone by the shoulders and shouted.
“Shirone! Why did you— That was a very dangerous thing to do! No, it’s all my fault! It’s because this father of yours is ignorant! Let’s just turn it down!”
“It’s all right, dad. The only thing we have to do is to keep our mouths shut.”
“It’s not that simple! How can you keep your job a secret? It’s crazy no matter how much I think about it! I will take responsibility for the refusal!”
Shirone shook his head side to side.
He was fortunate that he had good parents.
“Father.”
Vincent abruptly stopped, looking dazed at the sudden way Shirone addressed him for the first time.
What was more shocking, however, were the tears falling from Shirone’s eyes.
“Sh-Shirone.”
“Thank you.”
Said Shirone, who opened his arms while having a big smile on his face.
“You gave me the biggest gift in the whole world.”
“Heuk!”
Vincent cried, not caring whether he’d lose face or not.
In his entire life, had he ever seen his son’s face filled with that much joy?
“Don’t worry, Shirone! No matter what happens, I will protect you! Don’t worry about anything and work hard! I will protect you for sure!”
“Dad, I’ll do my best.”
“Yes, my son! My precious son!”
And the mother, Olina, was also wiping away her tears of happiness at the touching sight of her husband and son.
* * *
A week later.
The butlers of the Ogent family came to pick up Shirone.
It was a project that would take more than two years, but Shirone, who lived a simple life, only packed one bag.
Temuran decided to give 20 gold a month on the condition that Shirone would live with him. In comparison, the monthly income of Shirone’s family was only four gold, so it was a huge increase for a hunter family.
‘Will this house be a little more luxurious when I come back?’
He knew what his parents were like, but Shirone tried to imagine something happy and shook off his sorrow.
The butlers proceeded with the contract in a hurry, and a distracted Vincent had to send his son away in the carriage without a proper farewell.
‘It’s just the beginning!’
Contrary to his worries, Shirone’s mind was calm.
He didn’t show his parents, but he had decided that from now on, he would only make calculated, logical decisions that were not dependent on emotions.
Entering the Spirit Zone, Shirone felt his anxious parents through synesthesia.
PR/N: Synesthesia is a fancy name for when you experience one of your senses through another.
‘Don’t worry!’
In that instance, Vincent and Olinas’ hearts suddenly warmed.
“Shirone…”
It wasn’t magic.
It was just that their son’s feelings were conveyed.
“Let’s go!”
The moment the carriage rattled, Shirone bounced out from the Spirit Zone, but his closed eyes did not open.
‘Let’s not get shaken up!’ Have to stay focused!
While entering the Ogent family was a once-in-lifetime opportunity, it also came with huge risks. The opportunity was a double-edged sword.
Could he survive two years while living amongst the rich and powerful?
‘I have to concentrate!’
Leaving himself to an unknown future, Shirone plunged back into the Spirit Zone.
The Ogent family was a household that produced nation-approved Grade 3 swordsmen, which in the military corresponded to the rank of General.
“The family leader, Lord Bischoff Ogent, is a nation-approved Grade 4 knight. He is currently serving as a military commander in the city of Creas. In short, he is a big shot who commands this city’s military.”
Upon their arrival, Shirone, while listening to a butler’s explanation, looked at the main gate of the Ogent family.
“Wow!”
In the center of the enormous mansion, a huge road opened up.
‘That’s the Ogent family’s Broad Way. When you think of the Ogent Family, you also think of the Broad Way.’
The road that stretched far without any obstacles revealed the characteristics of the family.
“Hehe, are you scared? You’re not already surprised, are you? They’re the real deal.”
“Watch your words. You want your head to fly?”
An old male servant snapped.
However, due to the fact that he could relate to some extent, the butler said no more.
“Come this way.”
The Broad Way was not a road for butlers or servants.
Shirone turned to the garden path next to the road and bypassed the mansion.
The place where the male workers were situated was a four-story, circular building. And in the office of said building was where the deputy butler, Temuran, resided.
“You’re here? Follow me, I’ll explain the work.”
“Yes. I’ll do my best.”
Temuran, who did not even receive a greeting, headed to the library with thick documents.
As soon as the old iron gate was opened, a scenery that Shirone dreamed of unfolded.
A world of books.
On the second, third, and fourth floor, all he could see were bookshelves filled with books.
“Whoa…”
Smelling the rich scent of paper, Shirone clenched his fist.
It was worth risking his life.
“We will be moving the books here to the new library. All you have to do is sort the books. I’ll give you a list every week, so find and gather those. You work from 9 in the morning to 6 in the evening. You can’t go outside and you can’t enter the mansion without special orders. But other than that, you’re free to do what you want. As for the worker rules, another butler shall tell you of them. Do you understand?”
“Yes. When do I start?”
“ Tomorrow. Unpack and rest for today. In the meantime, make sure you understand all the rules a male worker needs to follow.”
The next day, Shirone went to the library to get to work.
When he started working, he finally realized why only one person had to do this job.
The list given by Temuran contained hundreds of titles, and among those, the classification criteria was subjective.
For example, it was unclear whether the book History of Swordsmanship should be classified as a history book or a book for swordsmanship.
‘Mr. Temuran has set the framework anyway. As long as it doesn’t go far off from the criteria I set!’
Shirone had set his order of priorities.
Since history was comprehensive and swordsmanship was technical, the History of Swordsmanship was classified as a book under the swordsmanship category.
It took as much as two weeks to set his own criteria in this way.
Of course, even this kind of work was beneficial.
This was because in the process of establishing his own category system, Shirone had realized a fact that he had not known before.
All knowledge was connected.
The work gradually became easier, and soon afterwards, he was able to reach the targeted quantity each day in time.
‘I’m going to start reading now!’
He wanted to use his time efficiently as all the knowledge here would become a huge weapon for him in the near future.
‘Okay, there are 10,000 books in front of me.’
Even with the approximate two years left, it was impossible to read all the books.
Come and read on our website wuxia worldsite. Thanks
‘Where should I start? Would it be best to just start off with a random book?’
Suddenly, a thought came to mind.
“Right!”
All knowledge is connected, so as long as you dig into one field first, you’ll be able to strengthen another later.
‘Then which field should I study first?’
After repeatedly thinking over it, the corner of Shirone’s mouth went up.
“History.”
It was the core of all knowledge. Events and discoveries were recorded in chronological order.
Shirone imagined the concept of history as a horizontal line.
If zoomed in, the line would contain all human knowledge, including religion, science, magic, mythology, literature, arts, politics, war, and economy.
“Learning history will greatly shorten the time it takes to reinforce other fields of study. History is truly the Core of Knowledge.”
According to his self-written classification list, there were approximately 850 books.
Shirone made up his mind.
‘I’ll read all the 850 books in the two years I have left. This will be my foundation!”
From that day on, Shirone read books without going back to his lodging, even after his work was over.
He could skip the roll call using overtime as an excuse.
In fact, except for Temuran, the deputy butler, there were no workers who cared about Shirone, a temp.
‘It’s difficult!’
Reading history books was a pain in the neck for Shirone.
The specific names of places on the continent, famous figures, and the events that occurred could not be easily memorized by a boy who grew up in a mountain for 15 years without ever hearing about them.
‘Should I just memorize the whole thing?’
Shirone shook his head.
‘While it’s important to memorize it, it’s more important to be able to pull it out of my mind anytime. Understanding even a single event is the quickest way to building a proper foundation!’
It wasn’t easy understanding history.
This was because he had to identify in depth why such an incident was inevitable and how it had affected the future.
Efficiency had dropped significantly and it had reached a point where Shirone couldn’t finish a book even after a week.
Naturally, the days he slept in the library became more frequent, and he would, at times, collapse as if he were about to faint.
Four in the morning.
The iron gate opened and Temuran with a crystal lamp came in.
Temuran would come in at this time every day to check on Shirone, who was oblivious to this fact.
His eyes turned to the book at Shirone’s feet.
‘It’s the same!’
Even though it was not a difficult one to read, the book had not changed for the past 15 days.
Temuran snorted.
If Shirone was furiously mastering those practical books, he was going to ban him from accessing the library aside from working hours.
But it was complete nonsense. He was a fool who dreamed an absurd dream.
“Of course. Being a child of lowly commoners, what kind of success could you have?”
While you have to be smart to get ahead in terms of studies, you also have to be clever and know how to think intelligently.
Temuran, who only thought of Shirone as a child with a nonsensical, grand dream, thought he was far from promising.
[Translator – Anwen]
[Proofreader – Enigami]
Three months later.
Shirone gradually got more used to the classifying job. He also learned several pieces of information through the male servants.
The most shocking fact of all was that the nobles didn’t care if the books were leaked.
In any case, the busy nobles who already had a lot on their plates were not interested in whether or not a few books were to disappear.
But that did not indicate less danger.
An aristocrat could only have a laid-back attitude if he had the loyalty of the commoners.
Servants, to prevent even the tiniest of mistakes, could become cold and heartless.
Commoners had to risk their lives in order to not catch the attention of the nobles.
Shirone could tell just how different the two lines of thinking were from each other.
Then one afternoon, the library door opened and he heard an unfamiliar boy’s voice.
“Haah… That old man. On a day like this, who cares if I rest a bit.”
Shirone blinked as an uninvited guest had made a sudden appearance.
‘That person is…’
It was Rian Ogent, the youngest son of the Lord.
Having the blood of a mighty knight, he had a masculine, rugged face, and even though they were the same age, he was a head taller than Shirone.
Shirone’s train of thought was suddenly interrupted by a shout coming from outside the library.
“Rian! How dare you run away! Once I catch you, you’ll be made to run another hundred laps!”
“Argh! Damn it!”
Rian, who was running between the bookshelves, finally found Shirone.
Rian, who was running towards Shirone, grabbed Shirone’s shoulders suddenly and said.
“Hey! Don’t tell him I’m here, okay?”
Then, whilst he hid himself under the bookshelf, an old man’s thunderous roar shook the library.
“Rian! I know you’re hiding here!”
Although he was a gray-haired old man, his shoulders were wide. He was also tall enough to remind Shirone of a giant.
“You! A boy as tall as a peanut with blue hair came in here, right?”
Shirone thought about it.
He did know the blue-haired boy, but if the blue-haired boy was the size of a peanut, what did he look like in the eyes of this old man?
“From what I saw, he looked like the youngest young master. But excuse me, who are you?”
Shirone intended to change the subject, but the veteran saw through the boy’s mind.
“I’m a swordsman instructor! I’m saying that I’m the teacher who has the right to beat up that peanut. You’d better tell me quickly, unless you wanna get beat up.”
Shirone pursed his lips.
Anyone who taught the young master under the orders of the Lord was not a person who could get fooled by the words of a boy.
“Oh, I see. The youngest young master is hiding under that bookshelf over there.”
“Hey! Are you crazy? You wanna die?”
Rian crawled out with a frown.
Then, he discovered his swordsman instructor, who came up close to him. He started to tremble in fear.
“Master! This is a misunderstanding!”
“You rascal!”
The swordsman grabbed Rian by the collar and threw him to the ground.
As soon as Rian’s body fell, Shirone closed his eyes.
Rian hit the floor with a loud noise, as his limbs were spread out on the ground due to the shock.
“Follow me, you punk! Forget training! You need to be mentally trained again!”
His instructor dragged him out with his legs. With an upside down view, Rian faced Shirone.
And mouthed something.
Even though no voice was heard, and only the shape of the mouth was passed on, Shirone heard it clearly.
–You’ll pay for this.

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-60.txt
=============YYYYY=============
[60] Sheena (3) under the moonlight
“Aha! You’re an educator, aren’t you?”Nice to meet you. My name is Cossain Silver, the fourth member of the aristocracy.My father is a clerk in Creas.With all due respect, I fell in love at first sight.It would be an infinite honor if you could give me the good fortune to take me home.”
Sheena wriggled up her upper body.Instead of looking at Silver, however, he supported his forehead with both hands and sighed.
“Sigh, I’m sorry to bother you,”I wanted to get a little drunk today.’
It seems that only bad things happen today.Aren’t you weak by your disciples, ignored by Keira, and now even strange men are sticking together?
There was a bitter smile on the lips of Sina, who thought so.Maybe it’s just like a woman who’s broken up now.
“Hoo-hoo. But there are people who say I’m good.”A woman like me with a cruel personality and a heartless heart.”
I’ve never felt love for anyone.When Armin appeared with Keira three years ago, he didn’t feel betrayed.But there seemed to be some expectation.I wonder what it would be like to see them again.But can it really be called love?
“I’ve introduced myself too grandly.I’m sorry about this.I met a woman who I never wanted to miss, so I wanted to look good.If it’s rude, I hope you’ll forgive me.”
“It’s all right. I’m tired, so please go.”
Sheena was really tired.Of course, it is not difficult to sober up with the spirit of a certified sixth-class wizard, but the unrealistic haze of alcohol was still needed.
“It’s not chivalry to leave a woman alone.I’ll take you to the carriage.Lean on me.”
When Silver seized her by the shoulder and tried to help her, Shirone’s party immediately protested.
“What are you doing?”Don’t mess with the teacher.”
“There seems to be some misunderstanding, and I’m going to take you there.”It’s none of your children’s business, so you should go home now.I’ll just have to take the coach.”
Silver tried to help her by force.Then Cyrone seized him by the wrist.In front of Shina, Silver’s face, who was a good sheep, was instantly distorted.Being ignored by a woman can be tolerated for a desired purpose.However, his pride was not acceptable to be treated like this by a child.
“Hey, you insolent little thing,”Where did you learn this?Let go of this hand when you speak nicely.”
Please enable JavaScript
“The teacher said no.Please leave now.We’ll take care of you, sir.”
“Because the little ones are so cute.I saw earlier that you were the ones who made me drink. Do you know what you’re up to?Where’s your school?Do you all want to be expelled?”
Shirone’s face turned cold.The reason for bringing up the school was to pressure Cina.This is because if a teacher causes an accident in such a place, he or she will be talked about.
said Iruki.
“In conclusion, you’ve been looking this way for a while.I don’t think it’s your business, then.And just to tell you one more thing, the teacher here isn’t the kind of person you are.”
“You? Did you just call me you?”
“Then I’ll call you you, what do you call yourself?”Should I call him a pervert?
“You brat!”
Silver turned his drunkenness into anger and grabbed Iruki by the collar.However, as soon as he felt a tingling sensation in his side, his hands lost strength.The impression of Silver crept back, clutching his stomach.
“What’s this?”
Ned was generating electricity from the palm of his hand.
“Get out of here. I’ll break your bottom next time.”
A Honam-type man, who was waiting to use force, approached Silver with a serious look on his face.
“Hey, they’re students of the School of Witchcraft and Wizardry.
“Magic School? Alpeas Magic School?”
Silver’s expression wasn’t good either.The magic school was different from the school attended by ordinary aristocrats.Furthermore, the Alpeas Magic School was one of the five most prestigious kingdoms in the country.
Silver rolled his eyes and focused on figuring out what was going on, and Iruki laughed and approached him.
“I hear you’re going to kick us out of school?”
“No, it’s…….”
“I’m MERCODINE EVERKI.If you can kick me out of school, feel free to do so.”
“Me, mercodyne?”
I felt like I was all sober.No matter how provincial Crayas was, no one of the nobles in the Kingdom of Tormia did not know the surname Mercodine.
Of course, it was the first class of aristocrats, and it was the best literacy family that had never been deprived of the head of the king’s advisory body, “Yongneung,” for hundreds of years.
Silver’s pupils shook in a hurry, and Yiruki looked displeased as if he knew it.Wherever you go, there are so-called “family members” nobles.Nevertheless, the reason for scaring Silver in a hateful manner was to protect Cina.I know he has no guts to play tricks, but I cut him off because I might harm him by taking advantage of his weakness as a teacher.Of course, I didn’t think she would be shaken by this much, as an Olipharist.
“Let’s go, Silver,”Hey, Silver!”
The Honam man pulled Silver’s arm.Silver also thanked his friend for saving his face, and ran away with his tail off.After they had disappeared, Shirone’s party was still angry.It was obvious that they had no regard for themselves, given that they had played a trick on Sina.He must have looked even more ridiculous because he was so small.
“The water here is terribly bad.You can’t tell just by looking at the sign.Let’s not come again.”
“Well, let’s get out of here anyway.It’s getting dark, too.
“Teacher, are you all right?”
“Well, it’s all right.Let’s go now.”
Seena, supported by Ned, struggled to get up.She was annoyed by the sudden twisted flies, but she was not in a bad mood.What is there to be afraid of when his disciples are protecting him?Even a certified sixth-class wizard was only one woman outside who was accustomed to being escorted according to the laws of the aristocracy.
Suddenly the disciples looked cute.gladly calculated for dinner, she stumbled out of the door.
There was a moon in the sky.
As the moonlight poured down from the cloudless sky, Sina let out a sigh of joy.
I felt strangely good.Maybe it’s because of alcohol, but maybe it’s a new leap forward today.I felt that I could live my life for the first time out of the shadow of Armin.Maybe it’s because of alcohol, but…….
“Oh, I feel good.I’m very happy today.”
She looked up at the moon like a girl and spun round and round.Shirone’s party, who had just left the store, opened their mouths blankly.
Did alcohol melt her frozen heart for a while?
With her purple hair untied, she was beautiful in the moonlight.It was also fun to see the trench coat unfold like an umbrella.People wandering the streets at night turned to her, but no one was kicking their tongues or frowning.
That’s how lovely Shina was.
Shiro’s party didn’t want to stop him.Rather, I watched with interest the drunkenness that I had never seen before.
“That’s what you’re like, sir.This is unexpected.
“Maybe… we’ve got a scoop?”
Iruki’s eyes flashed and heaps of thoughtful.
“Well, you mean it could be used as a weapon, right?”Weapons that can prevent the dissolution of the research group.”
“I think it’s possible if you just make it right.She doesn’t have the nature of perjury.Wouldn’t you be embarrassed when you think of your memories?”
While Ned and Iruki were plotting, Shironet pointed to Shina and shouted,
“Hey! Over there!”
Sheena, who was hovering in the same place, twisted her steps.Like a spinning top that lost its rotational power, it was about to collapse soon.
“Catch!”
It would be a disaster if I fell in front of people.Shironet supported her on her back, and Ned and Iruki grabbed her arms from both sides.
“Sir, get a hold of yourself.We can enter the school only when the teacher is fine.”
“Well, I’m dizzy.”
Sheena staggered with a fork.I emptied a bottle of cognac in an hour and circled it dozens of times, would I be sober?It wasn’t a drink, it was a punishment.
“Hey, hey! I can’t do this.Shiro, you should carry him on your back.”
“What? Why me?”
“But you’re the strongest of us all.”
Shirone sighed.Three 18-year-old boys gathered, but they couldn’t sleep and eat because they were concentrating on magic training, so their physical strength was lower than their peers.
Perhaps because Sirone had climbed mountains and trees since childhood, he was more energetic than his friends.
“I can’t do it,”I’ll have you on my back, sir to carry me on your back.”
“Don’t make it so obvious that you don’t like it.Do you think there are many chances to piggyback a teacher?I’m rather jealous.”
Ned’s expression was nothing to envy.Instead, he grinned disgustingly with a relieved look.
“Well, if you can’t speak,”
Shirone, carrying Shirona on his back, moved on.Outside the aristocracy, the number of people decreased noticeably.Leisure activities were just a luxury for ordinary people who earned and ate from day to day.
“But Mr. Sina is surprisingly small.It’s really small on my back.I usually thought I was about the same height as myself.”
“It’s a psychological problem, isn’t it?Teachers always look big, don’t they?
“Is that so? But it’s surprisingly heavy.It’s getting harder.”
Iruki nodded and laughed.
“Hehe. He’s a human being, isn’t he?”All women are made up of bones, muscles and flesh.You didn’t think it was as light as a feather, did you?”
I didn’t think about it, but I expected it to be vaguely light.However, it could not be found that he had never even held a woman’s hand, let alone carried her.
“No! I know that much.But this is really hard.I don’t think I can make it to school.”
“If you can’t go, we can’t go either.Just hang in there.”
“Can’t we use magic?”You can fly it with air magic.”
“But I’m a teacher, but that’s a little…….”
When I remembered it, I thought it would look strange.At last, Shirone, who had been acting as a palanquin, grumbled again at the idea of unfairness.
“There are three men, and one woman can’t hold it. What’s wrong?”I’m jealous of Liane at times like this.If it were Lian, she could carry me on her back.I’d rather learn how to do it.”
Ned and Iruki remained silent.To be honest, I felt ashamed because I couldn’t carry a slender woman on my back.
But indeed, women were heavier creatures than I thought, and they, who knew nothing but books, had not the slightest force.
“What can I do? All I did was breathe.I’m confident in using my brain.”
Iruki flicked his finger.
“Well, let’s use our brains,”Learn the schema right now.What do you think, Shirone?Can you do it?”
“Does that make sense?”What should I do with the schema all of a sudden?”
“You can try,”In my case, I did the Spirit Zone at once.You didn’t do it, did you?”
said Ned.
“No, I did it at once, too.I got the hang of it, and it worked right away.”Sirone, how about you?”
Shirone, who was groaning under the weight of Shirona, looked up.
“Huh? Oh, I did it at once.In fact, I didn’t even know it was a Spirit Zone at the time.”
Can I enter the Spirit Zone without knowing it’s the Spirit Zone?I thought that was just like Shirone, so I giggled.
“It’s unusual, though,”Anyway, that’s why I want you to try it right away.Isn’t the basic principle the same?”
It turned out that Iruki’s words were plausible.Of course, there is aptitude, but challenging was not a loss.
“Should I? Should I really give it a try?”In fact, my arm is so stiff that I’m about to die.”
=======================================

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-600.txt
=============YYYYY=============
[600] Rootless Tree (2)
* * *
After waking up, Sirone couldn’t get out of bed until after noon.
“Guffin… … .”
The words he left lingered in my head like a riddle.
“I have to go.”
After getting up, Sirone finished washing her face and went to the Supernatural Psychic Science Lab.
After taking a deep breath and casting the Time Buddha Statue, the time machine swirled and blew up the time barrier.
The noise of the upstairs was no longer audible.
‘It’s closed.’
As long as Miro came into the world, Hexa could not be used as a barrier material, so the upper layer had no meaning to exist.
‘I left.’
When she thought that Guffin had completely left her, Syrone sat down on the couch in a sense of dejection.
‘I have no cause.’
It felt like being alone in space.
“Sirone, what happened?”
Amy and Iruki entered.
“what? Are you done with the evaluation already?”
“Evaluation time is a mess. Because of Scramble Royale.”
Unless Nade returned, the combined team had no choice but to withdraw.
“I came here because I wasn’t at the dorm. What the hell is going on? When I asked Anchal, he told me to listen.”
“Right, what about Anchal?”
“I left. He dropped out.”
“I see.”
I was expecting
“Now tell me. You promised.”
“that is… … .”
Sirone reported everything that happened in the upper floors.
There was no secret so far, so understanding was quick, and Amy put on a sad expression in the solemn atmosphere.
‘Poor Sirone.’
In order to find the root, he gave up his dream of becoming a wizard and decided to go to heaven.
“I have no roots. I don’t know what it is, but I don’t want to know. It feels so awful.”
“There is no effect without a cause. Even if it’s a perfect coincidence, your meaning doesn’t disappear.”
Amy helped Iruki.
“Yes, Sirone. There must be a reason. Even Guffin used the word ‘once upon a time’. Don’t give up already.”
Shirone changed her tone, thinking that she had told a story that was too dark.
“By the way, what about Nade? You haven’t come back yet?”
“You must feel responsible for leaving Scramble Royale. It will take some more time.”
“But you won. I think Nade should know too. I’d rather find it. I need to go to the West family.”
“I wouldn’t have gone home. You must be sleeping somewhere.”
It was incomprehensible that he was homeless when he had a house and money, but he was sure.
“Tell me, Iruki. Why is Nade like that? At least you have to know what happened so you won’t be persuaded.”
If Nade wasn’t going to leave forever, it would be revealed anyway.
“Sirone, you have no roots… … .”
Iruki carefully brought up the story.
“Nade’s roots are sick.”
* * *
The wind in the mountains in early autumn was colder at night.
“Oh, it’s cold.”
Nade curled up by the campfire and went to sleep.
“I hope you get through tonight safely… … .”
Nineteen years ago, an unprecedented genius was born to the West family, but no one in the family knew about it.
“Ugh, annoying!”
Nade’s mother, Teria, had already been sitting at the dressing table putting on her makeup for an hour.
‘Because I use such cheap cosmetics… … .’
A normal conglomerate family would not have heard that they were extravagant and extravagant.
who would have known
To think that the West family, a real estate conglomerate for generations, would be carrying huge debts.
‘I ruined my life by getting married once.’
Nade’s father, West Ballroom, first met at a socialite party.
When I saw expensive watches, clothes of famous designers, and 7-pyeong-sized wagons made by craftsmen, I thought that a rosy future was unfolding.
Drunk and pregnant with Nade and thus becoming a member of the West family, it was like boarding a sinking ship.
“He’s like a pitiful human being.”
The family is falling into disrepair, but the head of the house, Ballroom, is still tired of drinking and playing and has not even come home.
Even when he threatened to revive the family business somehow, Teria, whom he hugged after playing with fire all night, only pretended to be annoyed.
“Bocchan is crying again.”
At the nurse’s words, she threw the comb she was brushing on the floor.
“Then be quiet! That’s why you exist!”
“But once you start crying… … .”
“it’s annoying!”
Teria pushed the nanny away and went to Nade’s room.
“mom! mom!”
Seeing her son crying with his mouth wide open like an idiot, the thought of her pathetic husband made her hair stand on end.
“why… … !”
Teria screamed at her throat.
“why are you crying! What the hell is wrong with you! They do everything by splitting the housekeeping they don’t have! What the hell are you complaining about!”
“A strange sound… … the sound… … .”
“you’re stupid? Why are you stupid and making it hard for me!”
Contrary to Teria’s misunderstanding, Nade realized a certain reason in the world and suffered from overflow.
Nade was only three years old.
“Mom. Mom.”
Terai’s face contorted violently, and he struck Nade hard on the cheek.
Due to the physical shock, the child was able to hold back crying for a while, and this was Teria’s only method until Nade’s mind was completely destroyed.
“Huh!”
Nade jumped up and hurriedly looked around and let out a sigh of relief.
“Whoa, that’s good.”
The fact that the electric shock was not discharged meant that control had begun again, but the heart was still miserable.
‘I have to go back soon.’
I had no face to see my friends because I had broken away from Scramble Royale.
“I need to wash up first.”
It was dawn by the time they descended the mountain and reached the city, and Nade went into the public bath to relieve the tiredness of camping.
There weren’t too many people, but all of them glanced at Ned’s body.
The burn marks all over her body were traces of torture by the notorious Chicken Head bandits.
It’s normal that he should have died, but Nade saved his body by killing his mind.
“I still have scars… … .”
The marks of his own nails were still visible on his face reflected in the mirror.
The scab had peeled off, but it seemed like it would take a little longer to heal completely.
‘Anyway, since I can control it, I’m going to sleep at an inn starting today.’
Nade had no intention of going back to school yet.
* * *
“No. Where the hell did you go?”
After wandering around the city of Creas all day, Sirone sat on the roof of someone else’s house and sighed.
A lot of people pass by on the roadside, but those who are tired of life don’t seem to have time to look up at the sky.
It wouldn’t be possible to search the entire city in one day, but it didn’t seem impossible at all if the spirit zone was expanded in the state of armed with diamonds.
“Did you really go into the mountain?”
If that’s the case, there’s no way to find it anyway, so you’d better look around the city a bit more.
Sirone spread her wings and flew up, observing the ground with the eyes of a hawk through Armand’s nerve reinforcement.
“what?”
And finally found Nade coming out of the bath three blocks away.
“Not even uncle… … .”
After licking her lips, Sirone immediately flew through the sky, crossed the block, and descended to the roof of the shopping mall.
When the tentacle hit the floor lightly, his body spun, and when he fell down, Armand had already been released.
The moment I landed on the floor with a nimble motion, people backed away in amazement.
“What, what? Is it a circus?”
Ned’s face stiffened as he turned around at the murmur.
“haha! found!”
“Sirone?”
Nade frowned, lowered his head, and before Sirone could say a word, he turned and ran away.
“hey! Why are you running away?”
Sirone, who had been staring at her absurdly, jumped right away.
“Sirone! Don’t follow me!”
“Then why are you running away?”
“I don’t know! Leave me alone!”
The two did not stop even after being run over by the crowd and falling over items on the stall.
‘Anyway, he’s persistent.’
Nade, aware of Sirone’s stubbornness, cast teleportation and soared into the sky.
“Kyaaak!”
Passers-by were startled, and some merchants pointed to the sky and shouted.
“It’s a wizard! That must be magic!”
It is a daily life for magic school students, but most of them were people who never had a chance to see magic in their lifetime.
“That… … !”
Sirone raised her head and gritted her teeth.
Nade’s calculation was that he would not be able to cast magic in front of people, but Sirone, who had already heard from Iruki, did not give up this time either.
“at there! Just try to catch you!”
As the flash of light soared, economic activity on the street stopped, and everyone looked up at the sky as if time had stopped.
Nade shouted at Sirone, who was chasing after him.
“Aww! Are you crazy? What are you going to do if someone reports this to the school?”
“Then why are you running away! Let’s talk for a second!”
‘It’s a big deal. That guy is serious.’
Nade, who knew Sirone’s movement skills, swallowed his saliva as he imagined a future where he would eventually be captured.
“Do not be ridiculous! I’ll show you my real skills!”
1 minute after that.
“Aaaagh!”
Caught by Sirone, Nade fell in the middle of the market and rolled on the floor.
“Come on!”
“Save people!”
Nade’s body was covered in dust, having just taken a bath, but Nade crawled across the floor.
But in the end, as soon as he got up, he was grabbed by Sirone and pushed to the wall.
“It’s over! Give up!”
As Sirone’s face suddenly approached, Nade hurriedly turned his head.
I couldn’t bear to show my face.
“Look at me! Don’t turn your head!”
“no.”
“This is real!”
When Sirone changed position and showed his face, Nade’s neck swung back to the other side.
While the actions of the person trying to avoid eye contact and the person trying to run into each other were repeated, whispers could be heard from around.
“What are you doing in the morning? South Korea.”
“Wait a minute, do they both look like men?”
Nade, whose face was red, shook Sirone’s arm from his shoulder and shouted.
“Eight! let go of this! You’re getting weird misunderstandings for no reason!”
“Then why are you running away? Are you guilty of anything?”
Nade, who had been acting energetic for a while, suddenly put on a sad face and lowered his head.
“I’m sorry, Sirone. I screwed it all up. I was the one who brought you guys in.”
“Where is that word? You fought with all your might. I heard about it from Iruki. Besides, I won Scramble Royale.”
The news was a relief to Nade more than anything else, but it made him feel more guilty.
“Ha, I should have been.”
“Everyone is worried. Let’s go back to school for now.”
Meanwhile, the men and women who had just arrived in the city were dumbfounded by the action that took place in broad daylight.
“What the hell is the fuss about, from earlier?”
The blond man was tall and handsome, and next to him was a woman with arms crossed, exuding the sophistication of Baska, the capital.
“The wizard over there on the block said something. I hear you’re still a child.”
“Then are you a student? Alpheas Magic School.”
The woman smiled at the man’s words.
“Maybe it is.”
“I am It seems that the management of students is messed up because it is a province. It’s something that can’t happen in the capital.”
The woman shed her eyes.
“Are you insulting my alma mater?”
“haha! Does that happen?”
“Anyway, let’s go, because I’m curious. do you know Will I be able to meet even juniors I know?”
“I’m busy, but I just go… … !”
As the woman took the man’s arm and moved on, the man could not help but smack his lips and was dragged away.
“Whoa, what kind of kids… … .”
Arriving through the crowd, the woman opened her eyes wide when she noticed the two boys fighting each other.
“what?”
“why? Do you know kids?”
The man yawned and asked, but she didn’t even respond and went up to them.
“Nade! Are you Nade?”
Nade turned his head at the voice calling him and stopped there with a distraught expression.
“Liz… … Seniors?”
“Hey! are you really nade? How much is this?”
“Senior, how is this… … ?”
Apple Leeds.
He was the former president of the Society for the Study of Paranormal Psychics and was Nade’s first love who brought him out of Hell.
—————————————

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-601.txt
=============YYYYY=============
[601] Rootless Tree (3)
“Nade, nice to meet you! how have you been doing?”
Even as Liz approached and shook her shoulder, Nade stood there with a dazed expression, unable to find the soul that had escaped.
‘how?’
Is she here, who should be in Baska, the capital?
‘No, that’s not the problem.’
At a party held after graduation exams, Nade confessed his true feelings to Liz.
She is a good younger sister, but she doesn’t look like a man, and she left the school leaving behind the words that she was sorry.
In Nade’s mind, the events of that day are still vivid, but he couldn’t understand her talking to him with a bright expression as if nothing had happened.
“… … When did you come back?”
While Sirone stared at him incredulously, Nade struggled to speak.
“This morning.”
“But I heard that you got a job at the Capital Armory… … .”
“huh. I went on vacation and came down. I have work.”
“Oh, I see.”
Nade lowered his head, unable to hide his dispirited look, and Liz smiled mischievously.
“But I think I’ll finish my job soon and come down here.”
Nade’s head went up quickly, but Liz’s words broke his heart again.
“Actually, I’m getting engaged this time.”
“yes?”
Even though Liz’s voice echoed in his head dozens of times, Nade couldn’t help but ask.
Liz approached again with the arms of the neat-looking man standing behind her.
“This is the person. say hello Certified 8th class wizard Clyde Oscar. This time he has been assigned to the Creas Magic Association.”
“Oh, hello.”
Sirone hurriedly lowered his head, but Nade was lost in his spirit and forgot to say hello.
‘engagement? what was the engagement? An engagement?’
Oscar didn’t care and greeted the two with a friendly smile.
“nice to meet you. It’s Oscar. you are nade I heard a lot about Liz.”
“ah… … .”
After Oscar shook his hand, Nade came to his senses and slowly took his hand.
It was a soft, warm hand.
“It’s not like this, let’s go somewhere to eat. Now that I met my juniors, I should buy them something delicious.”
Nade waved his hand at Liz’s words.
“no. We have to go back to school soon… … .”
Nade had been fussing about not going to school until just a moment ago, but Sirone quickly nodded.
“yes. I have to go to school.”
Liz pretended not to hear.
“You’re lying! do you know you don’t know? If you’re out of town at this hour, you’re going to miss it.”
“It’s true. I have to go.”
Sirone did her best, but she ignored Liz and approached Nade.
“Let’s go, huh? I’ll buy you anything you want to eat.”
“What I really want to eat… … .”
“I really want to introduce you to you.”
Only then did Nade look straight into Liz’s eyes and discover the earnestness in those beautiful eyes.
‘Your senior remembers it too.’
Maybe because I was young at the time, and also because a lot of time had passed, I thought my feelings at the time would have been diluted.
‘But this is too cruel.’
What did Liz say to Oscar?
He might have said that he was a junior who once chased after him, or a younger brother with a bad temper.
‘Sheesh, what is this?’
By introducing her fiancé, Liz wants to shake off even the slightest burden of her past.
“huh? Nade, let’s go.”
The more I think about it, the more unfair it is, but when I see her desperate face like a lost cat, my heart beats so much that I can’t say no.
“all right. I will order something expensive instead.”
“of course! It’s not just a junior, but a junior directly under the research club.”
A junior under the direct control of the Research Society.
Those words seemed to explain everything.
* * *
It was morning, so there were not many people in the fancy restaurant.
The four of them took a seat at a table by the window.
“Now, what shall we eat?”
The nostalgia of the past confused Nade’s mind as he looked at her dancing shoulder to shoulder with the menu board.
‘Dangerous.’
Her voice, her way of speaking, her glances, and even her smallest actions, for reasons unknown, were so lovable.
“Let’s formally introduce ourselves. I am Oscar, and this is my fiancé Liz.”
When Nade saw Oscar smiling triumphantly, the fire within him soared, but even he had no sense of reality in the face of the shock of reuniting with Liz.
“This is Nade. This is my friend Sirone.”
As Sirone lowered his head, Nade added.
“He’s a very famous kid.”
“Oh, really?”
Among the magic school students in the kingdom of Tormia, there was probably no one who didn’t know Sirone’s name.
Even if Oscar was a professional wizard, he would have known what it meant to be in the kingdom’s spotlight.
To be honest, he wanted to give a blow to his expression as if he had it all, but he deftly deflected the provocation.
“haha! Excuse me for this Actually, I looked at Spirit magazine for a few years after graduating, but I haven’t heard about the magic school lately.”
That said, I was just a student.
Of course, it was, but it was true that it was a narrow-minded remark to a junior, so Liz hurriedly turned around.
“If you are very famous, you will graduate soon. Are you in your senior year now?”
“yes.”
“it should be hard. To be honest, even these days I dream of being a senior.”
“Still, in my case, it’s okay. I gave up on the graduation evaluation for the second half.”
“Ah, so you came to the city today. I had quite a few kids like that too. So, did Nade give up too?”
“no. I really have work… … .”
“okay? So what rank are you now?”
Nade was a little scared, but he told the truth because even lying was shabby.
“Last place.”
“Pu-huh!”
Oscar, who was drinking water, pretended to spit it out.
“Oh sorry. Because I’m so surprised It didn’t look like that.”
Truth be told, I didn’t expect much from the moment I heard that Sirone had given up on the evaluation.
It’s the same now, but even when he was in magic school, giving up the evaluation was a choice he made when neither one nor the other answered.
‘Of course I didn’t expect to be in last place.’
Even without expressing it, I could tell that Oscar’s eyes were different from before.
“Hmm, that’s right.”
Liz, on the other hand, looked at Nade with a pitiful expression, as if she had guessed something.
“There must be circumstances.”
“Not really. Last is last.”
Now that his face is ruined, Nade spat out as if to be done.
“Whoa, what’s wrong with your face? Who else did you fight with?”
Only then did Nade remember the scars on his face.
‘Today is really the worst day.’
Nade lowered his head gently, and Oscar intervened.
“It’s okay to give up the evaluation and it doesn’t matter if you get a low grade, but if you’re going to become a wizard, you can’t go around fighting like that. If you start overconfident in your skills, there will be no progress.”
It was the advice of a senior who had already become a professional, but I had no choice but to take it seriously today.
“It wasn’t a fight. just this… … I did it because I was angry.”
I couldn’t fill the filter in my throat, knowing that after breaking up with Liz, all my words would be flooded with regret.
Liz, who was watching the traces of self-harm, smiled bitterly as if she knew what it was.
“It’s the same, Nade.”
The meal continued in a slightly awkward atmosphere.
Most of the time, Liz led the conversation and Oscar listened and then interjected one by one.
The food was delicious, but Nade couldn’t figure out where it was going.
“Oh, really? So Sirone is also the Supernatural Psychic Research Society? It’s really hard to get one member to sign up. Are you capable?”
“Well, let’s say it’s three people. Do you know Iruki?”
Liz crossed her hands and looked up at the ceiling.
“Ah, meeting you really reminds me of the past. We’ve been debating all night what the secrets of the upper classes are. Hasn’t it been revealed yet?”
“Yes, what… … .”
Sirone, who had completely closed the upper floors, had nothing to say.
As their own alumni association continued, Oscar, who felt left out, changed the topic.
“Not long now. I mean the graduation exam. Are the preparations going well? It is the most important test of your life.”
Despite knowing that Oscar had a purpose in everything he said, Nade couldn’t help but become an ugly duckling.
“I’m not interested, like a test. I don’t even want to be a wizard.”
It sounded pretty cheeky, and Oscar didn’t go over it.
“The decision is yours. But isn’t it absurd to be attached to school anyway? If you’re going to run away like this… … .”
“You will pass.”
Liz stopped talking.
“You will be able to pass. Because Nade is strong. yes?”
Responding to the confidence in his eyes, Nade hurriedly turned his head to hide his blushing face.
‘damn. If you look at me like that, what are you saying to me?’
“Hmmmm.”
Oscar cleared his throat and wiped his mouth with a napkin.
“If you finish eating, go. I have business to do.”
“really? You haven’t even had tea yet?”
“Liz, you said you had an appointment with the association people.”
“Ah, yes.”
Liz slowly rose from her seat, as if regretting it.
“It was nice meeting you today. I’ll do the math here.”
“yes. I had a good meal.”
Sirone and Nade also stood up and bowed their heads.
“Sooner or later, I will visit the principal to say hello. See you then, Nade.”
He held his fiancé’s hand and handed it to him, but Nade’s heart started beating again as if it were out of order.
“yes. Go carefully.”
As Liz and Oscar left the restaurant side by side, Nade, who finally came to his senses, sighed and slumped back into his chair.
“Oh, I’m going crazy. Sirone, let’s stop by the pharmacy. I think I’ll get sick.”
“Who the hell are you? Aren’t you just a senior? I’ve never seen you so nervous.”
As the head of the study group, Nade was not intimidated even in front of teachers.
“that is… … It’s a bit long to talk. I’ll tell you as I go.”
“okay. Let’s go out at once.”
As Sirone prepared to leave, Ned held out his hand.
“for a moment! Let’s stay here for 10 minutes, just 10 minutes.”
“why? I have to go get some medicine.”
“Maybe Liz-senpai still exists.”
“… … .”
Sirone thought that he must have had a mental problem.
* * *
“Why did you do that?”
Oscar asked after walking without speaking for a long time.
“what?”
“Because I cheaped my juniors too much. I have my body too. What if I interrupt you while I am giving advice?”
Liz smiled like a seagull.
“what? Are you jealous?”
“Who is jealous? To such a kid.”
“But why do you care? Just think of it as buying food for cute juniors.”
“Honestly, it was a bit intrusive. I know that? I mean Nade, he was always provoking me.”
“Ah, isn’t that overdoing it? To be honest, he was a bit nagging. They are doing their best, too.”
“Look at this, you’re on the side again.”
Thinking that she would really fight if she continued like this, Liz gave up her stubbornness.
“okay. It’s my fault. I must have been so excited to see you after a long time.”
Let’s give in first, and Oscar is a little relieved.
“I’m sorry too. I can’t be bothered to hear that you’ve confessed to me before.”
“Oh, it’s all in the past. It was 3 years ago. Nade was sixteen at the time.”
“But you say you’re strong? The way I see it, it’s wrong for both of them to be wizards. You seem to have no patience.”
“Nade is really strong. I don’t know about the kid named Sirone, but Nade will be able to pass.”
Oscar blinked.
She had known Liz for a while, but she had never said that she was strong even to herself.
“What kind of kid are you? I mean Nade.”
“well. Actually, I don’t know.”
“You don’t know?”
Liz raised her gaze and searched for her memory.
“Blue electricity… … .”
“huh?”
“I feel like I’m only seeing an afterimage even though it’s clearly in front of me. I think Nade was such a junior.”
Oscar didn’t understand what it felt like.
—————————————

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-602.txt
=============YYYYY=============
[602] Rootless Tree (4)
* * *
After arriving at school, Sirone and Nade head to the Supernatural Psychic Science Lab.
Sirone, who was sitting on the sofa, said with tears in her eyes.
“I heard you can’t go even if you die.”
He must have changed his mind in an instant when he heard that Liz was coming to school.
“My, what am I? I came because I felt I had to apologize to the kids. Then go back?”
Anyway, bringing Nade was an achievement.
“It’s done. get some rest too You must have had a hard time living in the mountains.”
Nade, who was lying on the sofa on the other side with an arm pillow, recalled the story he had heard from Sirone on the way to this point.
‘It must have been difficult for you too, Shirone.’
While I was lost in thought, someone knocked on the door and the two jumped up at the same time.
“who is this?”
Since Scramble Royale had just ended, it was only natural that they be hostile towards uninvited guests.
“It’s Richard.”
Richard of Alchemy, a member of the Ring of Gold.
When Ned hesitated at the appearance of a person who didn’t fit in here at all, Sirone said.
“come in.”
I was curious about the results of Fermi and Lichen.
The door opened slowly, and Richard entered with an afterimage of red eyes.
A strong lower jaw with a solid body. It was not different from the human body, but underneath the artificial skin, instead of muscles and bones, a mechanical device made of alchemy should have been operating.
“Why did you come here? Is it a message from the golden ring?”
“No, this is Fermi’s personal request. Because the gold ring was disbanded as of yesterday.”
“what?”
It was truly shocking news.
“why?”
“I don’t know the exact reason. Fermi and Lichen were at enmity.”
Neither of them seemed dead.
‘Well, at the time, Fermi was seriously injured.’
Nade asked.
“What about the other members?”
“Kayden is missing. Hercy is furious that she was being used by Scramble Royale.”
It was an understandable situation.
“Then what about you? Why did you leave Fermi?”
They were people who gathered to see the profits Fermi generated rather than loyalty.
But that’s why this decision was unexpected.
“Isn’t Fermi’s value declining?”
“yes. But the proposal came from Fermi first. If I don’t dismantle the ring of gold, I’ll have to assist two of your teammates in the graduation exam.”
“ah… … .”
If the golden ring itself disappears, the cost of helping the two becomes null and void.
“You’ve been calculating from the beginning.”
If you intend to dismantle the gold ring anyway, you can blow an empty check at will in negotiations.
“Perhaps. Because Fermi never makes a losing trade. I don’t know what happened. But he seemed satisfied.”
Sirone recalled the final scene of Fermi and Yoga.
“I came here to tell you about it. The golden ring has been dismantled. So I’ll refrain from fussing about.”
“Is Fermi thinking of graduating this time?”
“okay. Maybe it’s better for you. I also resigned by receiving money. It’s severance pay.”
After that, Richard left the study group.
At first, I felt like I was stabbed in the back of the head, but when I thought about it from Fermi’s point of view, the whole situation came into harmony.
“I was completely beaten. I should have known from the start.”
“That’s impossible, so Fermi stabbed him in.”
“ha. I have to tell the kids.”
Two hours after that, Amy and Iruki finished their evaluation and entered the study group.
“Nade! What happened to you?”
Amy shouted at the scars on Nade’s face.
“Sorry. i screwed up Even if you have 10 mouths, you have nothing to say.”
Iruki said.
“it’s okay. Because I won anyway. From now on, think about raising the rankings too. Graduation exams are really close now.”
“Ah, speaking of words… … .”
Sirone reported the fact that the ring of gold had been dismantled, and the shock the two received was no different.
“Fermi, you coward! Are you cheating until the end?”
“Think good. The distribution was ambiguous, and infighting could have occurred. Other team members will understand.”
He had no choice but to raise his hand this time, having prepared for more than 10 years to meet Yolga.
After such a simple welcome ceremony for Nade, Sirone and the others went back to their lodgings to prepare for tomorrow.
“Iruki.”
Sirone called in front of Iruki’s door.
“Do you know a senior named Liz?”
“Liz?”
It was an expression of surprise that was not typical of Iruki.
“How do you know that senior’s name?”
“Well, we met this morning. with Nade.”
“It was.”
Iruki looked around Nade’s room.
“Somehow, I felt depressed. So, did you say something?”
“huh. He also bought me rice. A senior named Liz, isn’t she a precious person to Nade?”
“I guess so. Because he’s the one who made that monster come to his senses and live.”
“What kind of person were you?”
“Hmm, if you ask me what kind of person I am… … .”
Iruki, who remembered Liz-senpai, briefly defined it.
“It was just the current Nade.”
* * *
It was four years ago, when Nade was fifteen.
At the time, he was exuding an aura that was so terrifying that he could scare opponents with just his eyes.
I only exchanged a few words with Iruki, but I didn’t mix with anyone, and such an arbitrary move was most noticeable during lunchtime.
When Nade received the food on the plate and turned around, the friends who were peeking at his back hurriedly turned their heads.
It was because he was afraid that he would sit next to him.
“joy.”
I snorted and looked around, and Iruki was also occupying a table by herself.
They acknowledged each other’s abilities, but it was also funny to eat with people who had been pushed out by others, so Nade sat down at a table in the corner.
It was then that Liz approached.
“hi?”
Nade raised his head and saw a smiling Liz in his eyes, and heard the students whispering behind her.
Liz, the top of Class Four.
I couldn’t figure out why the senior, who had nothing to do with Nade, suddenly acted like this.
“What are you?”
Nade at the time was not rough even if he was a senior.
“What are you saying to someone who says hello, aren’t you doing too much?”
“If you don’t have any business, get out. Because the food tastes bad.”
“Eating alone is delicious, right? Don’t do that, let’s eat together. It’s good to be close with seniors and juniors.”
Liz had a tendency to not see anyone being left out.
“bothered. Turn it off.”
Rather, it was Liz’s friends who were behind Nade’s cold treatment.
“A worthless bastard. They look after you because you’re young, I know you’re really strong.”
“Liz, just come. It’s best not to associate with such a madman.”
Still, since he was a senior, Nade endured it once.
“Why don’t you go? Friends are calling.”
“good. I’ll go if you tell me honestly.”
“what?”
“Aren’t you really lonely?”
bang!
When the table was hit, all the students turned around, and Liz, who shook her shoulders, froze with her eyes wide open.
In the cold stillness, Nade, who caught their gaze in the eyes of all of them, stood up and put his hand on Liz’s shoulder.
“Don’t mess with me again. You can really be beaten to death.”
Liz, her face slightly pale, nevertheless stuck out her tongue playfully.
After a while, as Nade moved away, his friends gathered.
“Liz, are you okay?”
“What kind of children do you have? Shall I call you after class?”
“I’ll give you a scolding. A guy like that doesn’t need to be in a magic school.”
Liz, who still had a flushed expression, let out a large breath as if she had finally come to her senses.
“Whoa, it’s not really a joke, he. It’s tougher than you’ve heard.”
“Then why are you talking? He skips classes and hangs out with bad guys outside of school.”
“Hmm.”
Despite the concerns of her friends, Liz looked at Nade’s back with interest.
“Sheesh!”
After breaking up with his friends, Nade entered the room and curled up on the bed, reminiscing about the time.
If it hadn’t been that way from the beginning, there wouldn’t have been any pain like this.
But the reason I can’t blame her is because the life she left behind has become so precious now.
‘Engagement?’
Nade felt the heat rise in his head and buried his face in the bed.
“OMG! What are you saying to me!”
* * *
A few days later, Liz visited Alpheas Magic School with Oscar.
“Do you really need to come to me? This isn’t even my school.”
Oscar had a nasty attitude.
“Still, I’m a teacher, so I have to say hello. I have to tell you about the engagement ceremony.”
It was because of this.
“Liz, let’s talk for a minute.”
Oscar stopped in the hallway where the principal’s office was.
“Why are you in such a hurry? You can slowly bring up the engagement.”
“Who is in a hurry? What’s wrong with talking to everyone?”
“This is a complex issue. You should also consider a job. What about the arsenal when I’m assigned here?”
“Yes, I know. But Oscar, I’m not rushing you. but… … .”
Liz finally confessed.
“Aren’t we in love?”
Liz is a wonderful woman and that’s why Oscar fell in love with her on first meeting.
To be honest, I didn’t want to lose her.
‘love. If love is all… … .’
Seeing Oscar linger, Liz was suddenly terrified, and as always, she yielded.
“okay. I think it’s premature to talk about an engagement ceremony. Let’s just say hello.”
“Sorry. I have a lot to think about too. As you know, joining the Association is a great opportunity… … .”
“Whoops! Because I knew. now! Relax and go!”
When Liz, who had calmed down Oscar, knocked on the door of the principal’s office and entered, Alpheas, who had already received the message, greeted him with a smile.
“It’s been a while, Liz.”
“Hello, Headmaster! You are still young!”
“Chuck! Just a year ago, jokes like that were fun. Sit over here.”
Alpheas offered a seat and served the car.
“By the way, who is this handsome man?”
Oscar, who was dealing with a certified 4th-class wizard, politely bowed.
“hello. My name is Clid Oscar, a certified 8th-class wizard.”
“This is my boyfriend. I think I will be assigned to the Kreas Magic Association this time.”
“Right. You look dignified.”
After talking about this and that, Liz asked.
“By the way, what did you say at the beginning? Did something bad happen?”
Alpheas shook his head as if he was about to die.
“Don’t talk. In one year, it has grown old. There are so many troublemakers in my senior year.”
“I met Nade not too long ago. They say you’re ranked last.”
“Aren’t they already detached from rankings? The juniors directly under your study group.”
“lol.”
Liz took it as an honorable compliment.
“But it’s not just because of that. This year’s graduating class is really high quality. The competition has never been this intense in the history of the school.”
“Oh my, is that enough?”
“okay. They say that the average ability of students is 3.8 times higher than that of other schools.”
Oscar couldn’t understand.
“The average is 3.8 times?”
“okay. I can’t even guess how big the gap is between the top and the bottom. It is no exaggeration to say that ranks are meaningless.”
Liz said with a dazed expression.
“That’s amazing. The principal must be having a hard time too.”
In my mind, I would have liked to graduate all of my senior classes.
“okay. But even this is only part of the process. It may be difficult right now, but the students graduating this time will grow into wizards who will shine the kingdom faster than anyone else.”
And in the turbulent world, such wizards were needed.
“Then Nade… … .”
Alfeas, who read Liz’s mind, spoke.
“Don’t worry. The children of the Supernatural Psychic Research Society are by no means inferior to their top competitors. You are fighting well.”
Alfeas had a benevolent personality but never said empty words, so Liz smiled brightly.
“of course. Who is your junior?”
—————————————

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-603.txt
=============YYYYY=============
[603] To someone (1)
It was a spectacle to see Estas change form.
“Isn’t it cool? This is the famous Istas of Alpheas Magic School.”
“I am There was something like this at the school I went to.”
Liz spits out the name of her alma mater without hesitation, and Oscar simply refers to the school she went to.
Even in a trivial conversation, the noble and the infamous are distinguished.
Although Oscar was a native of the capital, he was not at the level of holding out a business card to one of the five most prestigious schools in the kingdom, other than the Royal Magic School.
But Liz was proud of her Oscar.
With this man who has been certified as a self-made artist, you will be able to overcome any hardship.
“Follow me. I will introduce you to a study group full of my memories.”
“Go back now. I said hello to the principal.”
“Oh really. hurry. It will be fun.”
Unlike Liz, who was delighted like a child, Oscar had only thoughts about his dinner date.
“Nothing has really changed here.”
Countless memories ran through Liz’s mind.
“How are you finding your way? Isn’t it a complete maze?”
“There was a Servant ability among the previous presidents. He created the Master Equation.”
“okay? What principle is it?”
Liz turned around with her hands behind her back and stuck out her tongue.
“secret.”
The door to the Supernatural Psychic Research Society opened and Liz’s face burst in.
“Voila! Hey, is anyone there?”
“Of course he must be in class. let’s go back I have plans for dinner with the association people.”
As Oscar was about to turn, Liz grabbed his wrist and turned him upside down.
He sighed and turned around, but his eyes could not help but shine in front of Liz’s meaningful expression.
“Are you really just going? You might regret it, right?”
“Hmmmm, what are you talking about?”
Oscar pretended not to know.
“This is where I stayed longer than the dorm. In a word, you can say that my body odor is permeated.”
As Liz pulled him, Oscar’s legs moved as if hypnotized, and a moment later the door closed.
“Oh, I’m going crazy.”
Nade, who finished the evaluation earlier than his friends, came to Estas in search of Sirone.
‘I can’t concentrate at all.’
His mind was so full of Liz’s thoughts that he couldn’t do anything.
‘If I knew this would happen, I’d rather not run into it.’
If I hadn’t left Scramble Royale, if I hadn’t gone to the public bath that day, I would have many regrets.
However, in a corner of his heart, there was another Nade who was delighted with the reality of reuniting with Liz.
“Do you want Sirone?”
Nade’s hand, which turned the doorknob, stopped abruptly.
At first, I thought it was Sirone, but the sound leaking from inside was definitely a male and female voice.
“what?”
I saw Liz and Oscar kissing Nade’s eyes as he opened the door and entered the study hall.
“Senior Liz?”
It was a shock that ripped out my heart without anesthesia, and it was a situation where I couldn’t think of anything as if my brain had been removed.
“Liz! town! town!”
Oscar found Nade and hurriedly pushed Liz away.
Realizing it belatedly, Liz rolled her eyes as if embarrassed, and then approached with a shy smile.
“Oh, Nade! When did you come?”
“What are you doing?”
“Ah, such an embarrassing thing. Sorry. Suddenly, I thought of the old days, and the atmosphere was like that… … .”
“get out.”
As Nade frowned, Liz’s mouth was firmly shut.
“Never come here again.”
Oscar frowned.
“What is your habit of talking to seniors? The research society is not yours, and Liz graduated from here.”
Nade’s gaze lingered on Oscar for a moment, then returned.
“Outsiders are out.”
They both know nothing.
How he and his friends struggled to defend the research society.
“Outsiders? fall out?”
Oscar couldn’t stand it any longer.
“From now on, it would be better to think and spit it out. The person standing in front of you is a professional wizard who has been officially recognized in the kingdom. You, who don’t even have a magician’s license, aren’t the ones to talk about carelessly.”
Nade didn’t even like to mix things up.
“I say it for the last time. get out. If you don’t want to be treated badly.”
“Because this child wants to see you… … .”
Oscar widened his eyes and took a stride.
However, the moment our eyes collided head-on with Nade, I felt like my heart stopped and I couldn’t move my body.
‘What is this bastard?’
An aura cold enough to freeze the blood.
I had never experienced this level of survival even when I was on duty in real combat.
“Come on if you feel confident. A professional wizard?”
Literally, Oscar was a pro and it was his senior year of amateurs that made him freeze.
It’s a feeling, it can’t be stopped anyway, so Oscar is about to step back, but Liz interrupts.
“stop! don’t fight.”
First of all, she moved away from Oscar and turned to Nade and said.
“okay. I’ll go. I’m sorry if I offended you.”
“Liz, will you put up with being treated like this? He’s a guy who only knows how he feels. Just spit out flat words at your direct senior.”
“Oscar, please stop. Let’s get out quickly.”
As Liz walked out the door with her lover by the hand, Oscar cursed.
“A son of a bitch. That’s why you’re in last place.”
The door slammed shut with a bang, and Nade, who had been standing still for a moment, sat down on the sofa as if dizzy.
“ha.”
Contrary to the initial expectation that it would be relieved, only regret came after the work was over.
“Aaaaaa! really! really!”
Nade frantically hit himself on the head and buried his face deep into the sofa.
Two hours later, when Sirone and Iruki arrived, Nade was already dead.
“what’s the matter? what’s the matter?”
It was amazing to Sirone that a person could change so much in just a few hours.
“it’s over. It’s all over.”
“So what is it?”
“Senior Liz came to visit… … .”
After hearing the full story of the incident from Nade, Sirone and Iruki remained silent for a long time.
It was a mistake to drive him out coldly, but if he thought he was in that situation, he couldn’t help but scold him.
“I think it’s better. You had a fiancé anyway, right? If I hoped for nothing, only you would suffer.”
Iruki’s advice was realistic.
“I know. But I can’t give up. I’m going to die of anger, but I don’t want to miss it.”
Sirone used shock therapy.
“Even though you saw that, do you like Liz-senpai?”
“uh! good! I feel like I’m going crazy because I like it. Do you know why I wanted to open a magic shop? Because Liz-senpai works at the armory! I was going to make a formal confession, but like this… … .”
Nade grabbed his head.
“I was stupid! I should have responded coolly. Aren’t you going to hate me now?”
“Whether you like it or not, they say you have a fiance. That means you’re going to get married soon.”
“Is the engagement big? You might change your mind and come to me. Iruki, what percentage is the probability of that happening?”
“0 percent.”
I didn’t even want to do any calculations.
“Sirone, you tell me. what do i do now It’s an insight to use in times like these.”
“If you really can’t give up, there is only one way.”
“really? what is that?”
“I’m going to go and apologize to both of you right now.”
“apologize?”
Liz wouldn’t know, but she didn’t want to bow her head to Oscar even if she died.
“Because it is true that you were serious. If I can’t do it, I have no choice but to close my heart.”
It was the only solution Nade could think of.
“But I don’t know where. You can’t even search all the city inns.”
“The headmaster will know. I’ll ask.”
Sirone ran to Alfeas and found out that Liz was staying at the Dolphin Inn.
Nade left Istas repeatedly saying thank you, but when he arrived at the inn, he was delirious.
‘Let’s stay calm. I just came to see my senior. You didn’t do this before.’
With the feeling of jumping off a cliff, I raised my hand and knocked on the door when I heard Liz’s voice.
“who are you?”
“uh… … It’s Nade.”
“Nade?”
The door opened and Liz appeared in a comfortable outfit.
It may not be more beautiful than decorated, but the rarity rather made my heart pound.
“How did you know this place?”
Looking at the speechless Nade, Liz’s face wasn’t as friendly as expected.
“Do you want to come in?”
“sorry! Seniors!”
Nade immediately bowed his head and apologized, feeling that he could not waste any more time.
“I wonder how your mind has been. I can’t even recognize you. I’m really sorry.”
This may not relieve all feelings, but there was no reason not to accept an apology.
“okay. Thanks for coming. Actually, I felt a little uncomfortable. I wonder if I went to school for nothing.”
“Absolutely not. It’s all my fault.”
“okay. Let’s meet before we leave.”
“Hey, by the way, where is Mr. Oscar? I want to apologize in person.”
“He went out because he had a dinner date with the Association people. don’t worry. It’s not like I have that kind of personality.”
“Can you tell me where you are? I will never harm you.”
Even from Liz’s point of view, it was nice to see Oscar relieve his anger.
“It will be at the Gold Ocean Restaurant. I said we’d meet there It’s an important seat, so don’t disturb it.”
“yes. Do not worry. thank you.”
Nade rushed out of the inn, thinking that he would make another mistake if he stayed longer.
‘done! That’s it!’
There was still a sense of distance, but it was a hundred times better than the severing of the relationship.
‘You only like things like this. He smiled at me just a few days ago.’
Why do humans realize the value of something only after losing it?
‘For now, I’ll have to be satisfied with seeing it again.’
Nade checked Oscar through the window across the street from the restaurant.
At a gathering of five or six people, he was conversing with confident hand gestures.
“Sheesh, I hope.”
Does Oscar know what a blessing it is to be loved by Liz?
It may be irritating and annoying at times, but she was a noble woman who did not dare to make eye contact with anyone.
“When will it end anyway?”
The feeling of waiting outside to apologize to the woman he loved was the end of his misery.
The cold of autumn was added, perhaps because she was wearing thin clothes, but it probably wasn’t just because of the weather.
‘End quickly. End quickly.’
I put my hand under my armpit and waited for about an hour. After dinner, Oscar got up from his seat.
‘Come out.’
Oscar, who opened the restaurant door himself and waited for the group to come out, adjusted his clothes and lowered his head.
“I had a good dinner, branch manager. Next time, I’ll take you somewhere nice.”
“Chuck! I’m glad you got it in your mouth. I’m also looking forward to your insight.”
‘and. Was that the branch manager?’
Nade stared at the middle-aged man with a bloated belly and his suit barely buttoned.
Acquiring official recognition was a great thing, but having dinner with the Magic Association’s branch manager, Kreas, was unusual.
‘Still, there seems to be something you can do. Well, if you want to live with Liz-senpai… … huh?’
A blonde woman in a red dress and a fur coat came up to Oscar’s side and gently crossed her arms.
“Dad, can I walk with this guy for a minute? Also to digest.”
“okay. Please escort my daughter well.”
“Do not worry.”
Judging from the conversation, it was clear that it was the branch manager’s daughter.
But what I couldn’t understand was why such a woman would walk arm in arm with Oscar.
“… … What is it?”
—————————————

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-604.txt
=============YYYYY=============
[604] To someone (2)
* * *
“Did I just tell you the place?”
Liz, who sent Nade like that, thought about why Nade was angry at the study meeting.
It’s still heartbreaking.
When Nade officially confessed, he drew a line firmly, but looking back now, it seems that he was embarrassed.
‘What was he afraid of?’
To be honest, I wasn’t a comfortable junior.
Although she was innocent, she always felt a subtle tightrope walk whenever she was with Nade.
‘The timing wasn’t good.’
To a woman who graduated from a prestigious school and is swollen with dreams for the future, a junior’s confession was like throwing herself into the darkness where she could not see the future.
never mind… … couldn’t choose
‘Because I didn’t know what my future would be like.’
And now, Oscar was by her side, guaranteeing her a happy future.
‘Yeah, that’s it. Something in the past… … .’
Liz shook her head and erased the past.
“Nade.”
However, the reason why the name pops up again at the end of the decision was because of what happened on that day four years ago, which I can never forget.
“what?”
Nade looked around the restaurant when Liz, whom she had been talking to for nearly three months, did not show up today.
‘Hmm, I’ll take care of it.’
I had been treated embarrassingly by my juniors for several months, so it was time to give up.
“What happened to Liz? Didn’t you come back yesterday?”
Regardless of his will, Nade’s ears pricked up.
“I know. He said there was something to be done with the study group.”
“I’m sure you weren’t caught? The alchemy vendors are said to be really evil.”
The word alchemy company captured Nade’s consciousness.
“Bad children. They took advantage of being a student and fed usury money.”
Nade banged the tableware and hit it.
“I’m going to die loudly.”
With all the students watching, Nade got up and went to Liz’s friends.
“If you’re that worried, can’t you just go and see? What are you doing while eating?”
My friends grimaced as if they had seen a monster.
“What do you care? Are you bored without Liz? That’s what you normally do.”
Nade took out a chair and sat down.
“Tell me in detail. So what happened?”
After escaping from school, Nade arrived in the middle of a dark alleyway in Creas City.
“How stupid.”
From what I heard from my friends, it is said that the Supernatural Psychic Science Research Society conducted a soul transmission experiment.
I used financial products from the Alchemy Company to procure the equipment, but it seemed that I was caught in an evil spirit.
Finding Liz wasn’t difficult for Nade, who didn’t get any hints, but knew the physiology of the back alley.
After walking for a while, the lower ranks of an organization were smoking and chatting.
Nade approached without hesitation and asked crookedly.
“Hey, you guys, come here for a second.”
The gang members who turned their heads nervously made sure that they were still children and made absurd expressions.
“What is this kid? you here… … Whoops!”
All they saw was an afterimage of blue lightning that occurred in an instant, and all but one lost consciousness.
“Where is Liz?”
Nade grabbed his neck and asked, and the frightened man shouted with his eyes quivering.
“I don’t know! I don’t even know who I am!”
Of course it was.
“Then find someone you know.”
After digging into the shadowy organization like that, Nade heard the news that she was imprisoned in the house of Alchemist Wiz in the forest.
“It’s better than alchemy.”
Upon infiltrating the residence, there was a warehouse built 200 meters away, guarded by two sturdy guards.
As Nade approached, he heard a rough sound.
“Who are you? How did you get in here?”
“Give me the woman.”
Just hearing those words, the experienced guards sensed the situation and rushed towards Nade at the same time.
Qurrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr!
At the sound of thunder, everyone in the warehouse turned their heads toward the door.
“what’s the matter!”
Then the warehouse door was smashed and Nade entered.
“Nade?”
Liz, with a haggard face, muttered with a surprised expression.
‘Still safe.’
Judging by the tangled mess of papers on the table, it seemed that they had been negotiating all night.
Of course, from Liz’s point of view, Nade guessed that these were absolutely unacceptable things.
They were the ones who could hand over a memorandum of physical abandonment as well as ridiculous usury without hesitation.
‘They’re pros.’
Unlike other loan sharks, the Alchemy Chamber had a large amount of money, so the people they hired were all wizards.
Nade, who looked at the 7 wizards standing there, let out a devastated laugh.
“You really are a crazy old man. Do you know what kind of place the store is and rent equipment on a whim? It is also a student topic.”
Liz put on a sad expression.
“The rent has been paid! But they keep saying that you have to buy the equipment because it is defective!”
It was a typical trick of bad guys, so Nade looked at the equipment Liz had brought.
“Ultrix.”
It is a device that emits high-output electrical energy at once, and it was an expensive product that was difficult to purchase unless it was a company in the related field.
However, durability was guaranteed.
“Are there any glitches? open the lid I’ll check.”
As Nade approached, Wiz held out his hand.
“What are you? You say you’re inspecting Ultrix when you don’t even have blood on your head? Do you know how much equipment this is?”
“That is something to watch. Do you know the internal treaty of the Chamber of Commerce? Article 7 paragraph 3. If you get caught cheating, you will be kicked out forever.”
Wiz’s eyebrows twitched.
“Are you an alchemist?”
Of course, Nade did not have a formal license.
However, while studying magic engineering from a young age, his skills were no less than that of an expert, and thanks to that, he was quick to learn the taboos of the industry.
“If you are really worried, leave it to the company. choose Do you want to rent as it is and leave, or should I go to the guild with the equipment now?”
“Be surrounded.”
As soon as Wiz’s words ran out, the wizards moved.
“Nade!”
Liz tried to reach, but the flames spread in concentric circles around her.
“Don’t move. It becomes a whole roast.”
He would have been from the guild if he was only hired by the Chamber of Commerce, but he was a veteran in the way he posed a threat.
Wiz asked, narrowing her eyes.
“I seem to have heard of it somewhere, but to be honest, it would be better to blow it. You came here, who knows?”
Nade laughed.
“Unfortunately, I don’t have any friends… … .”
‘That fool!’
There was despair in Liz’s eyes.
Wouldn’t it be safe to get out of this place if someone else was involved, even if it was a lie?
“okay?”
As expected, Wiz’s face turned evil.
“Take care of it.”
Six wizards rushed at the same time.
Even if they weren’t public figures, they were as powerful as one special move they learned in real battle, so their attacks that maximized their attributes flew sharply.
Qurrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr!
In an instant, the warehouse flashed with blue light, and with the sound of thunder, a thick layer of dust covered the warehouse.
“Coke! Coke!”
Wiz cleared her throat and the moment she opened her spicy eyes and looked straight ahead, her face hardened.
In a single blow, six professional wizards were electrocuted with their limbs strangely twisted.
“Turn it off!”
Liz’s face turned pale as she watched the wizards grit their teeth and endure the shock.
‘It’s really strong.’
I just thought he was a junior with a more angular personality than others.
That’s why it was a strong shock to see Nade emitting blue electricity from the place where professional wizards fell.
* * *
“Are you doing well?”
Even after Nade left, Sirone, who was still in the lab, murmured.
“You’ll figure it out. Are you sure you can’t even lower your head?”
As Iruki said, Nade was not foolish, but a bigger problem than that was a broken heart.
“It’s the graduation exam now. You’ll have to keep your senses until then.”
Iruki glanced at Sirone and closed the book.
“Do you really think so?”
“What do you mean? Of course you have to be alert.”
“I told you. When Nade was young, he was captured by bandits and tortured with electricity. Very cruel.”
“I know. That’s why it became ‘that way’. To be honest, I still don’t understand. That you can control it.”
“I meant it in that sense. Maybe it would be better for Nade to wander like this. Sirone, even for you.”
“for me?”
“You’re thinking that the reason you’re giving up on the evaluation is that you can’t become a wizard simply by getting good grades.”
It was an embarrassing conversation between friends.
“Iruki, I… … .”
“are you okay. Once I enter the graduation exam, I will have no choice but to fight you.”
Iruki stood up from his seat.
“But the problem is Nade. Maybe you can’t be a wizard. There is no organization in the red line that would employ a mage in ‘that state’. As long as you don’t go from one guild to another or fall into the black line.”
“Nade would never be like that.”
“i think so too. But Sirone, Nade has a completely different temperament than you.”
Iruki looked back at Shirone.
“You have endless possibilities, but Nade has clear limits. only a point. He was already the strongest at the age of eight, and Nade is still the strongest ever since. And in my judgment… … .”
Iruki’s eyes turned cold.
“You can’t surpass Nade with your level right now.”
“It doesn’t matter, even if Nade is stronger than me.”
Sirone was sincere.
“But it is something that cannot be determined. We do our best for each other… … .”
“You’ve never seen Nade’s real face, have you?”
Sirone shut his mouth.
“I saw And I saw a few more. Their opinion will be the same as mine. Nade is not a wizard. It’s just magic.”
Iruki let out a sigh.
“I rather think it was a good thing. As a wizard, Ned has no future anyway. Then for your success… … .”
“I hate that.”
Sirone gritted his teeth.
“Sacrifice your future for a friend? If Nade is lazy because of me… … .”
“It’s not just because of that. you know?”
“No, even so, it is unacceptable. Sacrificing in competition is nonsense!”
Iruki couldn’t choose what was right.
Sirone was also a dear friend, and Nade’s power was a foul, at least at the magic school level.
“I want to go see Nade. I’m worried.”
Understanding Shirone’s feelings, Iruki got up and followed her.
“Come with me.”
* * *
A knock on the door was heard.
“Are you Oscar? Are you here early?”
Liz, who woke up from the flashback, quickly approached and opened the door, where unexpectedly, Nade, whose complexion was dark, was standing there.
“Sir, I’m here again.”
Perhaps it was because she was reminiscing about what happened four years ago, Liz’s heart was also softened unlike a few hours ago.
“Come on. Did you meet Oscar?”
“that is… … . Mr. Oscar might be a little late.”
Incomprehensible, Liz opened the door and pretended to come in.
Upon entering the room, Nade’s heart broke to see Oscar’s clothes neatly folded.
“Sit comfortably. You’ll be late, what do you mean?”
Sitting in his chair, Nade still couldn’t decide whether he should tell what he saw.
“Senior, do you really love Oscar?”
“Ho Ho! What is it, all of a sudden? I got engaged because I love you.”
This was hell in a different way.
‘I’d rather not have seen it.’
If I hadn’t known, there might not have been any burden on my heart.
“Senior-sama, it seems to me that Mr. Oscar… … .”
Nade threw his words towards an unknown future.
“I think there is another woman.”
—————————————

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-605.txt
=============YYYYY=============
[605] To someone (3)
Liz asked.
“what?”
“Do you know who Mr. Oscar met?”
“That’s right, branch manager… … .”
“My daughter joined us. She went for a walk arm in arm and then went into the house. Does she really have any clue?”
It was a lie if it wasn’t.
Even if he obtained official recognition, judging from Oscar’s skills, it was impossible to get a job with the association through special recruitment.
“You must be mistaken. The branch manager’s daughter could have just joined us and escorted us.”
Given the circumstances, such an interpretation is possible, but he was not so stupid as to not feel the subtle lines of emotion between a man and a woman.
“I am not lying. If you had seen it in person, you would have believed me.”
Liz was ashamed.
“stop. Why are you doing this? It doesn’t change anything because you’re like this. You know that too, right?”
“Why doesn’t anything change? Oscar-san doesn’t truly love you!”
“Even so, it’s my job! I don’t want to hear anything like this from you! Don’t mess with even the good memories!”
“Seniors… … .”
It must be their secret that no one knows what kind of school days Liz and Nade spent, but that was just a good memory now.
“Stop leaving. I think meeting you was a mistake. Even if Oscar has another woman… … .”
Liz bit her lip and squeezed out the words desperately.
“I will never go to you.”
Feeling the sky collapsing, Nade hung his head and fled helplessly out of Liz’s room.
* * *
“mom! mom!”
Nade was eight years old.
The West family’s fortunes were on the decline, and on their way to the capital to take out a loan, they were attacked by Chickenhead bandits.
The carriage was overturned, and the family members were captured by the bandits and brutally murdered.
Nade’s mother Teria stamped her feet towards the only carriage standing, but was caught by bandits shortly thereafter.
“Khehehe! Where are you going to run away to!”
The chickenhead bandits were all half-mad, and the one who attacked Teria stuck out his piercing-studded tongue.
“Isn’t this a great beauty? From now on you are mine!”
“Kyaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!”
Hearing Teria’s insane screams, Nade attacked the bandits without hesitation.
“Free my mother!”
“Quack. It’s too bad, kid.”
One blow was enough to deal with a mere eight-year-old, he thought.
However, the thieves, who raised their swords, opened their eyes wide when they saw blue electricity flying toward Myung-chi.
“Keugh!”
Shocked, he flew away, and the eyes of those present at the scene of the slaughter focused on the child.
“Magic? A kid like that?”
The driver who was waiting in the carriage shouted.
“Come on, get on!”
The wagon had already started running, and Teria and Nade chased after it with all their might.
Teria rode first, and Nade, who fell behind by a narrow margin, became the prey of the bandits.
“mom! mom!”
Teria’s face turned pale as she watched Ned captured by the thieves in the fast-moving carriage.
“mum… … !”
It was a voice that seemed to contain all human anguish.
“Stop! stop!”
“It’s not possible! Even if we go, there is no way to rescue them! Anyone can call for support once they get out alive!”
“Mom!”
Nade’s screams echoed through the mountains.
* * *
“ha.”
a cold morning.
A sigh emanated from Ned’s mouth as he crouched on the side of the road and looked up at the Dolphin Inn.
No one was passing by, only the diligent birds chirping in the forest far away.
“I knew it would be like this.”
Oscar still hasn’t returned.
I don’t know if he’ll tell Liz that the story has been long, but Nade, who saw the scene of the incident in person, drew all the circumstances.
Of course, it would have been a difficult offer to refuse.
While attending magic school, I know how fiercely wizards compete and how much they crave success.
If the headquarters manager’s daughter flirted with him, he, who came from an infamous family, would have no choice but to be shaken.
‘It doesn’t matter.’
Because the most important thing for everyone is different.
‘Aren’t you thinking about the hurt Liz-senpai will get?’
What was upsetting was Oscar’s handling.
If success comes before love, then what is an engagement and why did Liz bring her here?
‘There must be only one reason.’
Just as Nade’s eyes grew cold, he saw Oscar, wearing a coat, walking from a distance looking exhausted.
He didn’t know what kind of pain he would say in front of Liz, but he didn’t seem guilty as he walked away lightly.
“You are very busy. Going this way and that.”
Oscar turned his head at the sudden quarrel heard on the side of the road, confirmed that it was Nade, and widened his eyes.
“What are you? Did you wait here all night?”
“You look good. Did you have a good talk with the general manager?”
“What, what nonsense are you talking about?”
At first, Oscar was embarrassed, but like a wizard, he quickly judged the situation, and anger soon showed on his face.
“Are you following me? I guess I’m not a lamb. You’re such a nasty bastard, you.”
“Let’s talk for a minute.”
Oscar snorted and turned away.
“why me? And I don’t know what the misunderstanding is, but I just went to the general manager’s house for a contract.”
“If you’re so confident, can I tell you the truth?”
“haha! to Liz? However much. Do you think Liz would believe the words of someone blinded by jealousy like you?”
“no. In the press room.”
Oscar’s expression hardened.
“If what I saw is correct, as a certified mage, you have committed a serious crime that has tarnished the kingdom’s honor. After falling in love with the branch manager’s daughter, he entered the association with that privilege? What will happen if this is known?”
Although he is a self-willed wizard, a public figure who feeds on the nation’s rust has morals to uphold.
“… … What do you want?”
“So you say, let’s talk.”
Oscar made sure no one was around and walked towards Ned.
“good. Go wherever you want.”
When Nade, leaning on Oscar’s shoulder, casts a spatial shift, the flashlight bends with a roar, and the scenery changes.
It was a clearing in the woods on the outskirts of Creas, and Oscar laughed after checking the geography.
“As expected, he’s a lamb. Did you think I would be scared if I brought you to a place like this? Even if you look at public figures as pawns… … Kuck!”
Nade’s fist turned Oscar’s jaw.
“You bastard!”
Oscar’s eyes lit up as he turned his head back, but Nade was no longer there.
Nade, who moved so fast that human nerves couldn’t keep up with him, did his best not to lose his temper.
‘Great!’
However, when the emotions he had suppressed for the present were released, a terrifying intent to kill began to erode his mind.
“Gagging!”
Once again, a fist flew from an unexpected place, and this time Oscar had no choice but to fall.
‘shit! What is it?’
A much more flickering movement than teleportation.
It could be the Unlocker’s proprietary flicker magic, but if it was, Liz would have spoken.
“Don’t act weird and come out! You cowardly child!”
“Who are you talking to?”
Oscar turned his head in the direction of the voice, but to his dismay, the fist flew in the opposite direction.
A fist punched him in the cheek, and Oscar’s body spun and fell to the floor.
All I feel is humiliation.
“Aaaaaaa!”
Oscar, who finally opened his eyes to his murderous intent, opened the distance by teleportation and then equipped his two hands with his long-term fire magic.
“I will kill you!”
I shouted loudly, but I was frustrated because I couldn’t find anyone to vent my anger on.
‘shit! Where the hell are you!’
Nade’s presence was not detected even when the Spirit Zone encroached on a radius of several tens of meters.
‘Is it further away?’
Unexpectedly, a straight punch from an unexpected place sent Oscar rolling to the floor.
“Keugh!”
He spat bloody saliva and fell on his stomach as the sound of quiet cat-like footsteps approached him.
“wake up.”
Contrary to words, what followed was a brutal beating, and as if determined to kill Ned, his feet began to trample Oscar.
“Turn it off!”
As he let out a groan while crouching down, Nade, who slowly opened the distance, immediately ran and kicked him in the pit of the stomach.
“Ah!”
Oscar flipped over and wriggled, and only then did Nade catch his breath, shaking his head.
“wake up.”
It was a magical achievement to be able to control the phenomenon with just this amount of resentment, but the feeling was the worst ever.
“Get up. Please. Don’t let it end here.”
“You, you child… … !”
Nade’s foot kicked him in the jaw as Oscar pushed his limbs off his face.
“Quaaaaagh!”
“wake up.”
Oscar, blinded by the impossible spell, squirmed and crawled and leaned against the trunk of the tree.
“Just lose. If you want to lose, lose.”
There was no way to fight an invisible opponent, so there was nothing to do but gauge the difference in level.
“Is this the last pride? Try struggling at least.”
“joy. Are you just annoying me anyway? You’ll think you stepped on shit, so let go. And get out of my life.”
“I can’t do that. You know I’m a bully, right?”
Oscar’s already painful face crumpled even more.
“Why are you doing this? What are you going to do by ruining me? Wouldn’t it be good for you if I broke up with Liz?”
“Pray. Go to her and beg her. She’s out of her mind, she won’t do that from now on, I hope her hands become her feet.”
Oscar was dazed for a moment.
“Innocent child. So what are you left with? Do you think that pure love will work? What women want is sweet lies, not trivial sincerity.”
“Maybe.”
said Nade, squatting in front of Oscar.
“If I had pretended to be cool, if I hadn’t procrastinated, if I had overused that sweet lie you said, my senior could have come to me.”
Nade’s hand squeezed Oscar’s throat.
“Turn it off!”
“But, there are people who are so precious that you can only treat them sincerely.”
Oscar’s airway was blocked, and his limbs struggled.
“You must have been like that at first. Even the sound of their breath was sweet, and it seemed like their minds would fly away just by looking into their eyes. Do you weigh her against her success?”
Nade’s face contorted like a monster.
“One should have given up. In that sweet lie you said, in the satisfaction of winning a woman’s heart like that… … Do you really have no sense of responsibility?”
‘This bastard is out of his mind.’
In Ned’s eyes, there was a supernatural intent to kill that humans couldn’t contain.
It wasn’t until the thought that I could die here became a reality that the accident started looking for a hole to escape.
‘Yes, I am a public figure. This is self-defense.’
The opponent was a rogue without a wizard license, and he was the one who was beaten one-sidedly.
“okay. Got it. I will do as you ask.”
As Nade slowly backed away, Oscar stroked his bruised neck and asked one last time.
“Do you really have to go this far? I was betting my life on it too. Isn’t it good for each other if we just end it like this?”
“That’s for Liz-senpai to decide. tell the truth and pray You will never get a job at the Magic Association.”
“ha. It’s really frustrating.”
Oscar lowered his head as if resigned, and touched the ring he was wearing with his hand behind his back.
‘If you enter the Spirit Zone, it’s over.’
A certified wizard earning a decent income would carry at least some magic weapon to use in an emergency.
“Yeah, now it seems like Liz is everything in the world. But you’ll know when you get older. As a student, you don’t know… … .”
Oscar threw up his fist.
“The adult world is a harsh law.”
As the Lightning Thunder magic contained in the magic ring was activated, a bolt of lightning fell on the top of Nade’s head.
—————————————

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-606.txt
=============YYYYY=============
[606] To someone (4)
* * *
Liz, who stayed up all night waiting for Oscar, buried her head in the table, leaving the cold coffee unattended.
“ha.”
Even when I came to Creas after taking a long vacation, I had no idea that my heart would be so distraught.
‘He met another woman?’
It was unimaginable until he heard from Nade, but it was true that Oscar did not come unannounced.
‘Nade is not one to lie.’
How did it come to be like this?
I just wanted to see him one last time before making a promise to Oscar for the rest of my life.
“Don’t move!”
In Alchemist Wiz’s warehouse, Nade killed 6 wizards in an instant.
Just as she was about to deal with the one remaining wizard, the concentric circles of flame that restrained Liz flared up.
“Don’t lift a finger. If you do nonsense, this woman will die.”
Time-sharing technology was far from a wizard from the guild, and the only way left was to threaten Nade with Liz as a hostage.
“Sheesh.”
When Nade calmed the electric shock that wrapped around his body, a smile appeared on Wiz’s face.
“it’s okay! Dispose of it!”
The wizard hesitated because he couldn’t cast any other magic while holding Liz.
However, it was foolish to honestly say, ‘I can only do this.’
‘This is why people from the street… … .’
Wiz, who realized from the wizard’s concerned expression, frowned, and soon found a new solution.
‘That’s it!’
If you shoot Nade with the Ultrix, which emits electrical energy, it will burn without a trace.
Liz’s face went pale as Wiz activated the Ultrix.
“Nade! Run away!”
“Shut up.”
The wizard who scared Liz warned Nade.
“Don’t move, if you want to save the woman.”
Having said that, I wondered if the deal was worth it, but surprisingly, Nade took a completely disarmed stance.
“Do whatever you feel like.”
“Nade, why… … ?”
Looking at Liz with an expression of incomprehension, Nade raised the corner of his mouth bitterly.
“Well, why?”
Even for Nade, who recalls the day, the decision at the time remains unknown.
Maybe he just wanted to end it.
“Mr. Wiz! hurry!”
shouted the sorcerer, who thought he had to get rid of Nade before he changed his mind.
In the meantime, powerful electrical energy was condensed at the ejection port of Ultrix, and it was ready to burn the object in front immediately.
“no!”
Liz, who saw Nade exposed to the Ultrix defenseless, made the only choice.
‘I must die.’
As I stepped out of the concentric circles of flame, the flames soared to the ceiling.
“idiot!”
At the same time as Nade shouted, Wiz fired the Ultrix.
“Aww!”
The electricity that jumped out at the speed of light hit Nade, and he closed his eyes tightly, unable to bear to see even the cruel Wiz.
“Great!”
When he opened his eyes to Nade’s moans that were still going on, an unbelievable sight was unfolding even for him, a pensioner with 30 years of experience.
“I-what is that?”
A ruthless electric shock was wrapping around Nade’s body.
“Immune to electricity?”
If it were a human, no, it would be impossible with the body of a creature.
If it’s the only possibility, there’s only one.
“no way?”
At that moment, Nade’s body disappeared like lightning, cutting through the wizard’s flames.
Liz, who was in Nade’s arms before she knew it, lifted her head.
“Nade?”
“Kreurreuk!”
Nade, whose face was covered with veins rising from his neck, was biting his teeth as if desperately holding back something.
“This is nonsense… … .”
The magician finally realized when the flames that had missed their target lost their power and went out.
Spark, which can be said to be the best movement skill in the electric shock class.
However, unlike photon-type teleportation, it was a magic that could not be cast without special equipment because it burned even the wizard’s body.
“Run away. now… … I can’t stand it.”
Nade, who had pushed Liz away, turned away with an uncontrollable murderous intent.
“Blood, avoid!”
The moment Wiz and the wizard scattered in different directions, Nade let out a scream and released the seething power.
At the same time as the warehouse flashed, thousands of electric currents were twisted sharply like wires and pushed forward.
* * *
“you… … this child.”
Nade, struck by Lightning Thunder, bent over, trembled, and raised his head with terrifying eyes.
The moment their eyes met, Oscar felt as if all his blood evaporated.
“How can electricity… … !”
The reaction of those who first encountered Nade’s anomaly was always the same.
And those who are unfamiliar with magic are terrified, but those who are versed in magic are all shocked and think of one thing.
“Magic fairy tale?”
Or call it horsepower match.
As a phenomenon in which the mind of a wizard completely coincided with magic, the anecdote of the ice queen exiled to the Leth Mountains was representative.
However, this is a phenomenon that even a wizard with a normal mindset cannot approach.
This is because magicians are basically people with strong reason, and magical assimilation is the most irrational state of mind, in which the mind matches the phenomena of nature.
That’s why wizards caught in magical fairy tales brought disaster wherever they went, and those words were always miserable.
‘No, it’s impossible.’
Nade apparently had a normal conversation with himself a little while ago.
However, the image of Nade approaching while wrapped in electricity was clearly electricity itself.
“die.”
At Nade’s declaration, Oscar hurriedly cast teleportation.
A lightning bolt fell on the spot where he was bending and devastated a 20-meter radius with an absurd thunder.
“Aaaaaagh!”
A scream erupted spontaneously from Oscar’s mouth as he rolled to the floor in the shockwave.
An electrical accident, not a human accident.
Like the energy of electricity, the only emotion that came to mind in Nade was the natural desire to destroy everything.
“Big!”
A completely distorted face, blood vessels were all protruding, and blue light was radiating from the eyes.
‘Die. really die.’
Destructive instinct without purpose.
The appearance of a natural phenomenon manifesting itself as a human and walking away was exactly the same as the horror Frings had experienced before, and Oscar trembled.
“Buy, buy people… … !”
As the spark was cast, Oscar’s body arrived at a distance of 100 meters.
“Kuk!”
When Ned crashed into the trunk of a tree, a powerful impact hit the back of his head, and a squeezing voice was heard.
“why… … It did?”
The moment he heard that question, Oscar, like Frings, found a glimmer of hope.
‘I still have reason left.’
I don’t know how that is possible, but it was obvious that if I didn’t answer the question, I would die.
“What, what did you say?”
“Why did you bring Liz? If success is so good, wouldn’t it be better if you didn’t bring him in from the beginning? Shouldn’t she have gone to that woman?”
“I told you not to come! I mean conflicted, me too… … . It was the only way for me to join the association, even though I was not from a prestigious background.”
“That doesn’t answer.”
“Really! I mean, I loved Liz too!”
It was sincere, but it was a wrapped truth.
“die.”
Oscar’s heart sank, and his heart sank to the bottom.
“I did it because I didn’t know! It might not go well, and I didn’t want to miss Liz, so I brought her!”
In the face of human weakness, which cannot be said to be bad, Nade’s power grew stronger.
“Please save me. If you kill me, Liz won’t even know I cheated on you. I will resent you!”
That kind of thing was good.
What Nade really feared was the guilt of killing the man she loved.
“Big!”
However, the phenomenon of magic assimilation, which he desperately suppressed, was destroying Nade’s spirit as if he had reached the limit of his patience.
“go. quickly here… … .”
The moment Nade’s hands gave out and Oscar collapsed, the final limit was cut.
“Quaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!”
The screams of Oscar as he struggled and crawled on his limbs were drowned out by the din of electric shocks exploding in all directions.
“Sah, save people!”
Electricity slammed after him like the fangs of a beast.
I was already insane, and I didn’t even notice that my pants were damp from incontinence.
Oscar breathed like a beast and turned his head to see Nade, completely engulfed in electricity, rushing at him with white eyes radiating.
“Aaaaaaaaa!”
The moment the most miserable scream in my life broke out, someone rushed at me like the wind.
“Nade!”
When Sirone, who blocked Oscar’s way, cast a beam, Nade cast a spark and moved at a right angle.
As soon as the first curtain touched her skin, Sirone was dazed at the unusual reaction speed that she evaded.
“Iruki! hurry!”
When Sirone called, Iruki immediately landed and took Oscar with him.
They were waiting for Ned, who was killing him at the Dolphin Inn, from afar, and when he took Oscar and cast space movement, they heard an explosion and ran all the way here.
“Sirone! Avoid you too!”
As long as the magical assimilation phenomenon had already occurred, there would be no distinction between friends and family to Ned.
“Nade! it’s me! Wake!”
Sirone shouted without giving up, and Nade disappeared at the same time.
The sound of gripping exploded, and Nade, who had come in front of me before I knew it, tore off half of Sirone’s face with his hand.
A second in the future until hearing the sound of a face being crushed by a powerful electric shock and exploding.
‘Poems of fire!’
Sirone hurriedly turned his face back and saw Ned’s hand clawing past him.
Without time to think about anything else, after casting teleportation after another, Sirone stepped back 30 meters and stopped with her hand on the ground.
“Heo-eok! Huh! Huh!”
My heart was beating like crazy and my whole body was shaking as if I had been electrocuted.
One of the two legs supporting the weight gave way and snapped.
‘That’s why I said no.’
Iruki, who was already out of range, clicked his tongue.
The current Nade was magic, not a wizard, and electricity, not a human.
The electricity that has been distorted with murderous intent.
‘It’s not horror. My friend.’
Anyone would feel absolute fear in front of Nade, but Sirone did not give up and got up.
“Nade! It’s me, Sirone! Please come to your senses!”
“Sirone… … .”
The light in one of Nade’s eyes went out, and a human-like voice leaked out.
“Nade! come to my senses… … !”
“Kuaaaaa!”
But it was short-lived, and Nade cast the spark magic again, spreading the plasma thickly on the floor.
The spectacle of lightning flashing everywhere and the grotesque distorting and blending of natural phenomena seemed to me like a scene from somewhere in the distant universe.
“How could that be?”
Oscar, who watched the battle with a distraught expression, murmured.
‘A senior year student?’
His pride as a wizard rose as he got public recognition, but he had never even thought that such a ruthless and unreasonable fight could exist.
‘Are you still friends?’
Iruki also looked at him in awe this time.
Being able to face Nade’s transcendent murderous intent head-on proves that Sirone’s spirit is also at the highest level beyond the fear of nature.
‘But Sirone, you know?’
Even so, it was good to end this fight even for a second.
“There is no limit to magic assimilation.”
“Aaaaaaa!”
Nade, who couldn’t catch Sirone, let out a scream, and the electric shock exploded and burned everything.
“Die! We will die!”
Oscar couldn’t even think of avoiding the waves of electricity that surged like a tidal wave.
‘I can’t stop this!’
Looking at the gigantic natural phenomenon, Sirone stretched her arms behind her.
‘Yes, Iruki. Seeing it in person is definitely different.’
He had no choice but to admit that to stop Nade, he too would have to be prepared to die.
“Golden Armed Forces!”
The moment Sirone shouted as he grabbed Armand’s handle, Nade rushed at him with thunder.
—————————————

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-607.txt
=============YYYYY=============
[607] To someone (5)
At the moment when Armand’s blade wrapped around Sirone’s body formed the skeleton, a sense of difference in speed occurred.
Unlike the robe that covered her body unknowingly when she activated Diamond Armament, Sirone could clearly feel the flow of fibers emanating from the blade, and Nade, on the other hand, was approaching at too fast a speed.
‘I can’t make it on time.’
Nade’s claws scratched Sirone’s face from the top of his head before he even transformed into the state of armed with diamonds.
‘I have to turn it back!’
As soon as the Buddha statue exploded, the reality of burning her face dissipated into a nightmare that never happened, and her fingernails passed in front of Sirone’s eyes as he bent his upper body wide.
It was as if lightning were falling.
“this… … !”
He evaded the attack by returning one second of the past to reality, but Armand also reversed the incident to the state before activating Diamond Armament.
‘Let’s run away!’
He tried his best to cast teleportation, but the spark magic jumped through space like the movement of electrons and stuck Nade in the destination.
“Big!”
As if he couldn’t stand the saturated state of electricity himself, Nade again rained lightning all over the place.
As the spirit zone perfectly matched electricity, the power realized was beyond artificiality, and as all the charges in the atmosphere were discharged, a huge thunderbolt struck the ground.
Qurrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr!
There is no reason.
It’s just a giant thunderbolt.
“shit! What the hell did you do to get to that point!”
Iruki shouted as he rolled down the hillside while hugging Oscar.
If your mind had already been assimilated with electricity, even escaping would be impossible.
“I am… … I did not know.”
Oscar, who had eaten Nade with thunderbolts, servilely made excuses, but there was no room for anger at him.
“Here! We have to save Sirone!”
As Iruki climbed the hillside, he saw Sirone, who looked as if he would be burned by Nade’s hands at any moment.
‘That can’t even be canceled.’
Only God can.
“Nade! Wake!”
Sirone shouted without giving up, but now even his voice could not be heard.
A thunderstorm struck and Nade, dressed in plasma, suddenly approached.
‘Golden Armed Forces!’
As soon as he recognized the future one second later with the explosion of the statue of Buddha, the golden body line unfolded grotesquely, including Armand’s numerous changes.
“Huh!”
Armand was equipped with a hair’s breadth, and Akamai, equipped with an artificial brain, activated the antithesis.
‘It doesn’t work.’
Taking the will away from an unmotivated being didn’t change anything, and Nade’s claw struck his side.
“Keugh!”
The silver metal, the ringer’s upper, stood out at the place where the fingernails were stamped, but the shock of the electric shock coming through the conductor was considerable.
‘Santan movement!’
Seven photon cannons, excluding Sirone, spread all over the place, but none of them could even touch Nade’s hair.
‘then… … !’
After widening the distance, Sirone gritted her teeth and swung her tentacles.
The two tentacles swayed, creating black afterimages, and then attacked Nade so quickly that they could not be seen.
chin! Tentacles caught on Nade’s arm, which crossed in an X with a noise.
“what… … !”
As I clenched my fists, the burnt tentacles snapped with a thud.
‘That’s the problem.’
Iruki bit his lip.
The power of magic assimilation was close to a disaster, but what was more serious was the fairy tale itself.
‘I didn’t catch it by looking at it with my own eyes.’
Reaction after sensory acceptance.
For example, it was as if a stone flying from behind reacted the moment it touched her hair and avoided it.
‘That’s the fear of 100 percent affinity.’
If the spirit zone were electricity, the reaction speed of the senses would have already surpassed the realm of living things.
This was the basis for Iruki’s judgment that the current sironero would be difficult to catch Nade.
“Kuaaa!”
Still, there are drawbacks.
The more Nade’s control power is eroded by magic assimilation, the farther away he is from human thinking.
As expected, he didn’t move even when he was breathing, and he was sucking up the charge of the plasma according to the providence of nature.
“Nade! please… … !”
Thousands of wire-like lightning bolts flashed from Nade’s body.
While Shirone and Iruki briefly raised their heads at the blindingly intense light, Nade arrived in front of Oscar before he knew it.
“Aww! Save people!”
Shirone and Iruki jumped at the same time, but Nade’s hand was already aiming at Oscar with electricity.
“Nade! no!”
“Kuaaaaa!”
Just as Nade was about to burn Oscar’s skull, Iruki shouted.
“It’s the life Liz gave me!”
The electricity around Nade flickered and the claw stopped right in front of Oscar’s eyes.
“Huhhhh!”
Iruki shouted again while Oscar, who had already lost his mind, burst into tears like a child and shook his limbs.
“If you cross the line, you can never come back!”
The electric charge surrounding Nade began to stabilize.
“Senior Liz… … .”
A hoarse voice leaked out.
“It was my everything.”
“Help me! Please save me!”
It’s just holding on with reason, and even a wizard is afraid of death.
And the only thing left for Oscar, who had already lost his reason, was the instinct to protect the pitiful life.
“That bastard, you really controlled it.”
The violence of Magic Fairy Tale awakened by lightning was on a different level from what Iruki had seen, but Nade suppressed it again this time.
“Sirone.”
As he looked back at Sirone, a foreign memory popped up in Nade’s mind.
‘I was going to kill you.’
Nade said tearfully to Sirone, who was wearing Armand’s robe and was closely guarded.
“Sorry. Sorry.”
As soon as he finished speaking, Nade collapsed on his knees.
“Nade! Wake! Nade!”
Sirone ran and shook him, but only a single tear fell from his closed eyes.
* * *
“Mmm.”
The first thing Nade saw when he woke up was the dormitory ceiling flickering between his eyelids.
“… … .”
I didn’t even think about getting up as I tried to reconnect the scattered thoughts in my head.
“uh? Iruki! Nade woke up!”
Shirone entered through the door and called to Iruki in the hallway.
“what? Really.”
Iruki’s smiling face came into Nade’s field of vision, who was still motionless.
“Did you sleep well?”
“… … How long has it been?”
Sirone said.
“A day and a half. It’s dinner soon.”
“okay… … .”
Nade, who was deep in thought again, asked after a while.
“What about Oscar?”
“I am alive.”
Ned thought this would be the most curious.
“No, I remember. How did it go?”
Shirone exchanged glances with Iruki.
“I went to the plaza in the morning and looked it up, and it was posted on the bulletin board. Oscar-san passed the special recruitment.”
“… … .”
There is no way to know whether he was obsessed with it to the end even after going through the uproar or if things were handled naturally because he was distracted, but it is probably the former.
“Oscar is a wizard too, so you must have made the best decision.”
“okay. Adults… … You have a very hard life.”
said Iruki.
“There is nothing more important than the matter of eating and living.”
“I talked to you for a while after you passed out, but Mr. Oscar didn’t mean to do that from the beginning. I was going to come alone after receiving a proposal from the daughter of the general manager at a social gathering in the capital, but Mr. Liz was stubborn and even took a vacation… … .”
“It was to meet me.”
Nade understood her feelings.
“What do you want to do now? Would you like to go to the press room with us? If you don’t get upset… … .”
Nade’s head turned to the side.
“It doesn’t matter anyway. Whether or not to join the association. I’m just worried about senior Liz. You should have left by now, right?”
“I guess so. You should know about Mr. Oscar now.”
Nade closed his eyes.
“Let me rest a little longer. I’m tired.”
Sirone pulled the blanket up to her neck.
“Okay, sleep a little longer. We’ll have dinner and bring some of your own.”
There was no answer, and Shirone and Iruki cautiously left the room.
1 hour after that.
Sirone opened the door with dinner on a plate.
“Nade, eat some of this. what?”
Therefore, Iruki who entered also looked around blankly.
The blankets were folded neatly, and the curtains fluttered in the wind coming in from the open windows.
* * *
‘I’m sure you’ve already left… … .’
Nevertheless, Nade headed to the Dolphin Inn.
Although he had already emptied his mind, his heart sank the moment he looked inside through the window of the inn.
“Senior Liz… … .”
I could see the back of Liz, who was sitting at the bar with her head bowed, with empty bottles standing next to her.
Nade’s tears welled up at the thought that she still had something here.
“That woman… … Aren’t you drinking too much?”
“Leave it alone. It must have been a broken heart.”
Listening to the whispers behind her, Liz emptied her strong drink again.
Her body bent on its own, and only her slender wrists were precariously supporting her heavy head.
“why… … .”
Did he come here with Oscar?
At the peak of happiness ahead of the engagement ceremony with the person you love, why was he the person who came to mind?
“Big!”
The warehouse was blown away without a trace, and Wiz and the wizard were nowhere to be seen.
Nade, struck by Ultrix’s electric shock, could not suppress the murderous intent that boiled from his mind.
‘shit! This is my first time!’
Occasionally, magic assimilation occurs instinctively, but the electric shock coming from outside was uncontrollable.
“Aaaaaaa!”
As electricity discharged, Liz’s surroundings burned black.
“Run away!”
Nade desperately suppressed his strength and squeezed out his words.
“Nade! What happened?”
“Go quickly! If you stay here, you will die too!”
“Then what do you do?”
I couldn’t run away from the person who saved my life.
“doesn’t care. Anyway I… … .”
Nade, who had come to an idea somewhere, said with a twisted corner of his mouth.
“Because he’s not worth living for.”
Abandoned by his family and turned into a monster, he had no meaning in life.
“no. I will go with you.”
Liz approached after making up her mind.
“it’s crazy? Don’t come closer.”
The moment it touches your body, you will be electrocuted, and unless you are in a magical assimilation state, you will not be able to withstand it.
“You just have to be patient. You are still holding back.”
Liz slowly reached out and put a hand on Nade’s shoulder.
“Aww!”
As I desperately suppressed my strength at the thought that I couldn’t kill her, vicious veins appeared on my face.
“stop… … please. I can’t stand it any longer… … .”
“Then we will die together.”
Liz, who confirmed that it worked, closed her eyes tightly and hugged Nade tightly.
“Aaaaaaa!”
At the same time, Nade, who blocked the release of electricity, struggled in pain.
“Let go! Just go!”
“you can do it! Cheer up a little more!”
“There is no reason to live anyway! A guy like me would rather die!”
“There is no reason to live! You saved me!”
“Idiot, that’s… … .”
Liz kissed her as she spread her limbs in a mental explosion.
“Huh!”
As the soft woman’s lips were transmitted through the nerves of his whole body, his runaway mind began to regain stability little by little.
Nade hugged Liz around the waist, and the two of them shuddered at the limitless freedom, leaving everything to each other’s actions.
blue electricity.
Liz defined it that way.
It was her first kiss that will forever remain as an afterimage no matter how much time passes.
“Black! Whoops!”
Liz’s shoulders shook sadly as she buried her face in her arms, and Nade, who watched from outside the window, covered her face with her palms and shed tears.
“Aww. Aaaaaa.”
No sweet lies needed.
“Ughhh. Whoops.”
There was a time when it was good just to like it.
“Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa. Aaaaaa.”
Numerous things I had to miss because I was innocent.
Leaving all of that behind, Nade’s brightest school days were coming to an end.
—————————————

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-608.txt
=============YYYYY=============
[608] Top 5 Prestiges (1)
Winter has arrived.
Alpheas looked down at the snow-covered school scene and turned around from the window and asked.
“An official notice came down from the association?”
“Look for yourself.”
Olivia’s crisp papers on the desk caught my eye.
It was said that the graduating class of the 5 prestigious magic schools had to hand over their personal graduation test participation form to the association.
“This could also be a variable.”
It was none other than the beginning of the final 30-week evaluation.
At this time of year, students’ minds become sharp as blades, and they adjust their biorhythms so that their physical condition peaks on the day of the graduation exam.
In the midst of that, going to the Magic Association in the capital must have been quite stressful.
“Are students even using them for politics?”
It happened when Lufist, who had taken over Gaold’s place, officially became the head of the Magic Association.
“You should see that. Rufist is a person with an elite-first philosophy. He will be part of a plan to manage students who will join the association in the future from now on.”
That’s why I narrowed the scope to only five prestigious ones.
“Isn’t it serious though? To change the work that was replaced at school until last year in this way. Wouldn’t the backlash be formidable?”
“It’s a kind of display of power. Rufist’s connections are excellent, but he doesn’t completely dominate the Association.”
“It seems that Gaold’s influence has grown without realizing it.”
“He was a madman, but he was the strongest wizard in the kingdom. Even if he criticizes his actions on the surface, there must have been quite a few wizards who internally cheered him on.”
Gaold was such a man.
“okay. Politics should be left to the politicians, and we teachers should work for the students.”
Collie, who had been listening to the conversation, opened her mouth.
“Once we send 30 people to the association, we also have to fill the tio. Currently, Anchal has withdrawn and one position is vacant, and Eider must also make a decision.”
Eider, who suffered a full-body fracture in Syrone’s ataraxia during the hill occupation evaluation, was still hospitalized in the school medical ward.
The treatment was over, but the problem was the mind.
“According to the duty teacher, the trauma is almost cured. Eider is also showing enthusiasm to participate in the graduation exam.”
“Hmm.”
The senior class was given the right to participate in the graduation exam, and if they wanted to use their authority, it was something that even the school couldn’t stop.
“But aren’t you too young? The fact that it took more than half a year for treatment means that the trauma was severe.”
Alpheas also agreed with Olivia.
“Let me check one last time. If there is no problem, raise one applicant from the advanced class to fill Tio. If you qualify in order of grades, it should be fine.”
“yes. I will leave it to Shiina-sensei.”
Collie bowed her head and left the principal’s office.
* * *
As usual, Sirone sat cross-legged on the floor of the study meeting.
Since the upper layer of Istas no longer existed, he came here every day to conduct a sequence ceremony.
‘Believe in the power of the day.’
Nade, who had finished heartburn, was also being evaluated normally, and the students who paid the price of Scramble Royale were also dropping their grades smoothly.
Now, there are only 10 days left until the graduation exam.
All the training I’ve done so far was nothing more than a process to see the results of the day.
“Big!”
When the sequence of events exceeded 200 views, Sirone’s face crumpled terribly.
He entered the Gyeong unit and manifested the poetry of the Buddha statue, and now he has come 200 times farther than that.
Even so, it was still a long way to go beyond the sutra and enter the realm of the sun.
‘It’s amazing. There is no end.’
I stretched out my hand to catch it, but all I could see was a tunnel of numbers running forever.
-There is an end to numbers.
As I accelerated the sequence ceremony while recalling the words of the guffin that I still couldn’t understand, the time period that filled the study center lingered around and distorted the landscape so that even its shape could not be discerned.
‘Goes!’
will stretch out endlessly.
“Sirone, are you inside?”
Then a knock was heard and Shiina opened the door and came in.
“uh? What are you doing?”
Shirone, who first recognized the future of one second, stopped the ceremony and greeted Shiina calmly.
“huh. At the request of Mr. Collie. Can you go somewhere with me for a while?”
“Yes, of course.”
Shiina felt nostalgic as she watched Sirone get up from her seat.
‘You’ve really grown a lot.’
Memories of receiving attention from teachers in the entrance test came to mind.
It was truly amazing that a boy who was far from magic and only knew how to do Spirit Zone had grown into a top-ranked graduate.
‘Well, I’m a teacher in this mood.’
Sirone, wearing a winter coat, asked.
“But where are you going?”
“To the medical ward rehabilitation training center. I have something to help you with. I’ll tell you the details as we go.”
As she followed Shiina to the medical ward, Sirone listened to everything.
“Oh, then it will take two days.”
“huh. But the travel time won’t be too long. I’m going to the capital by a space movement magic circle from the Kreas branch of the Magic Association.”
The long-distance space movement magic circle was a key device for the kingdom’s security, so no one could use it except for public affairs.
“The kids who get evaluated must have heard from Mr. Collie. You need to have clothes to wear at the review ceremony, so prepare them in advance.”
The rehabilitation training center was set up on the second basement floor of the ward.
In a space of about 80 pyeong, various rehabilitation tools were provided along the walls, and Eider, wearing a patient uniform, was standing next to the medical teacher.
“Eider.”
A student who contained the wickedness of a snake in a cute smile.
I still vividly recall the joy of beating Maya one-sidedly.
“uh? It’s been a while, Sirone hyung.”
Eider greeted him with the same smile, but since he had already grasped the truth, he couldn’t welcome it.
“Ah, can’t it be that you’re still keeping things from that time? I’m so sorry. I messed around without even knowing the subject.”
Sometimes I felt that Sirone was too harsh on Eider, but it was also a regret that came from the freedom of a strong man who had more choices than before.
“okay. I heard about it. You want to take the graduation exam?”
“of course. I am also in my senior year.”
Sirone also understood his feelings.
If you give up here, you have to repeat the year from the beginning.
“Coincidentally, I decided to help with the rehab test.”
The source of Eider’s trauma was Sirone, so he was the right person.
“yes. I heard i look forward to.”
Meanwhile, Shiina and the duty teacher were reviewing the documents in the corner.
“Rehabilitation has been successful. The illusion of seeing the light without having nightmares is gone. but… … .”
“but?”
“It disappeared so neatly. I didn’t catch anything strange in the interview, but I guess it’s the doctor’s touch?”
“Are you saying Eider is cheating?”
“I called Sirone to confirm that.”
Shiina nodded and turned around.
“I am going to test it now. If Sirone reproduces the situation at the time, the duty teacher will check Eider’s condition.”
Eider’s face stiffened slightly.
“What was the situation at the time?”
“don’t worry. Because it’s not really attacking. can you?”
“Yes, of course. Everything is fine.”
That’s how the final test began, and Eider and Sirone stood facing each other at the end of the rehabilitation room.
‘Ataraxia.’
When a colorful magic circle was born above his head, Eider’s self-confident expression became noticeably pale.
“It’s okay, Eider. It’s natural to be afraid. You just have to hold on, so there is no need to be nervous.”
From the teacher’s point of view, it was natural to want to give Eider, who had worked hard and reached the graduating class, a chance.
Sirone has moved on to the next level.
‘Photon Cannon.’
The moment a golden orb popped up and vibrated in front of his eyes, Eider’s facial muscles twisted as he felt.
“Aaaaaaa!”
Eider, who had left his seat, put his head in the corner and crouched down, shouting.
“I see the light, the light! teacher!”
The illusion disappeared, but it could not overcome the light of reality.
After annihilating the Photon Cannon and Ataraxia, Sirone looked back at the duty teacher with a bitter expression.
After thinking about it for a while, she shook her head and inscribed the words “Rehabilitation Request” in the personal information section.
* * *
“Good job.”
Collie said at the gathering of all 28 seniors.
“This is the end of the first year of the senior year.”
There was no applause or cheers.
They trained their minds without missing a day for 30 weeks, and the only emotion they felt was tension that made them vomit.
“As you know, the current senior year Tio has two seats left. After a week of screening, two students from the advanced class came up, so welcome them.”
When Collie turned her head, Mark and Maria, who were ranked first and second in the advanced class, came up to the podium.
“Hello, Mark. It’s late, but it’s an honor to be able to take the graduation exam together.”
“hello. This is Maria. i look forward to.”
In the senior class, there was no concept of seniors and juniors, but Maria politely bowed her head as per her personality.
nobody cared
The evaluation was already over, and at the point where only the fight was left, relationships were not important.
“First and second place in the advanced class. Isn’t that too much?”
Anyone who went through the graduating year’s evaluation process would think that way.
“Still, you never know. Those two have been taking private lessons from Mr. Sade.”
If a certified 6th grade wizard had taught them himself, there was no way he would have been able to digest only the advanced level of training.
‘Sirone-senpai.’
Mark met Sirone’s eyes.
While experiencing the senior exams in advance had significant benefits, it also had significant psychological risks.
Nevertheless, the reason Mark chose to go to his senior year was because Sirone was there.
‘If not now… … .’
When will you compete with Sirone again?
The reason why he was able to rise from Class 7 to Class 4 at 1st place at super high speed was because he ran after Sirone.
‘I’ll learn a lesson, senior. and… … .’
Mark turned to Maria.
‘We will be graduating this time.’
That was the reason I was able to convince Maria.
It was judged that if it was a combination play refined by THAAD’s special training, the final ranking of 10th place would be within range, even if it was not in the top ranks.
“Then I will explain the schedule for tomorrow.”
Marc and Maria went down the podium and Cole listened to the official document.
“Leave at 6:00 in the morning, finish preparations by 5:00 in the morning. Wake up time is 4:00.”
It was because of the security regulations of the long-distance space movement magic circle.
“As for clothing, everyone wears a suit. The length of the skirt must be 5 cm below the knee. Men must wear white shirts, women must wear white blouses, matte shoes, no accessories other than school badges, and all women must have their hair up.”
Sabina raised her hand.
“Why do only women wear buns? A lot of men have long hair too.”
Women who had to do a lot of work as much as they had to get up at dawn were bound to be dissatisfied.
“It is a rule set by the president of the association. If you have a complaint, make a formal complaint to the association.”
With that alone, he could guess Lufist’s personality.
“By the time you arrive at the Society, your clothes should not be crumpled. Do not run, and refrain from bending over or rotating your arms.”
The eyes of the students who were already under a lot of stress due to the graduation exams were wide open.
“Wouldn’t it be better to just stuff it and take it?”
“That’s it. It should arrive at the association undisturbed, as if it were stuffed. As you all know, at noon tomorrow, all 150 students from the graduating class from the five most prestigious schools in the kingdom will gather together.”
Only then did the eyes of the students change.
“Of course, how many people will look closely, but the flaws are easy to spot. Never look disheveled. It is about the honor of the school.”
It couldn’t be seen as inferior to other prestigious schools.
“Get some rest today. Go to bed early and see you in the morning.”
“yes!”
The students’ voices were louder than usual.
—————————————

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-609.txt
=============YYYYY=============
[609] Top 5 Prestiges (2)
* * *
Waking up like a knife at 4:00 am, Sirone pulled back the blanket and stood up from the bed.
It was still dark, but I could hear the comrades bustling in the hallway.
The sound of life seemed to awaken the stillness of the night and invigorate the body.
After going into the bathroom and washing herself in warm water, Sirone stood in front of the mirror wearing only her underwear.
‘Didn’t I have to cut my hair?’
When you devote yourself to magic all day long, nothing matters except eating and sleeping.
‘This is the start.’
Every time I buttoned up my shirt, it felt like my determination was being reborn.
Aryan Sirone (27th place in the senior class).
Specialty: God Particle class of photon magic.
Special note: Immortal function. Vanya. Ataraxia. Elysion. Awareness of time destruction through the explosion of Buddha statue.
‘Should I reduce it one more level?’
Amy pulled the buttons on her skirt as far as she could.
I lost more weight than a year ago, and even though I tucked the blouse inside, it was tight like an ant’s waist.
‘The second graduation exam.’
Even when she was eliminated last year, she had no idea how to endure a year.
‘I did my best.’
Time comes eventually.
When the day finally came, I didn’t want to regret it, so the days I desperately trained every day finally came to a sense of pleasure.
‘Because I couldn’t have prepared more perfectly than this.’
However, the odds of success are 1 in 3.
Still glaring at the top of the pyramid, Amy put her headband in her mouth and raised her head.
Karmis Amy (fourth place in the senior class).
Specialty: Fire-type sniper.
Special: Jack O’Lantern. A painter using the spirit’s battery. Red-faced self-image backup ability. Enhancing magical power through samadhi.
Fermi, who clicked and buttoned up the sleeves of his suit, looked at himself in the mirror.
I always wore a suit, so there was no awkward feeling.
‘I guess I’ll have to stop doing business with students this year.’
Since even the golden ring was dismantled, it was a group of people hoping for a big profit from the school.
‘I think it’s time to leave, mother.’
The money received as a reward for extracting the Valhalla action will be transformed into numerous high-ranking magics and will be presented in the graduation exam.
Fermi winked at himself in the mirror.
“Is it tidy?”
It was time for the big fish that had been crouching under the surface of the school to go out into the big water.
Ardino Fermi (final ranking 1st in senior class).
Major: Eating out.
Special note: Ability to collect magic through trading of depreciation.
“End with this.”
Arin attached the Alpheas Magic School badge to Canis’ suit.
As if it had permeated his clothes, Harvest, a magical creature, stood up revealing a shadow.
“Cheuk, I thought I was dying waiting. Are you finally leaving the damn school?”
“You never feel bored.”
“That’s what it says. You really have been at this school for over a year. If Arcane had heard, he would have hit the ground and wailed.”
‘Master.’
Canis remembered the face of Archmage Arcane, who was an authority on dark magic.
The end wasn’t good, but because of him, I was able to get a chance at a new life.
Kanis (12th place in the senior class final).
Major: Physics of dark magic.
Special note: Disciple of Archmage Arcane. Detoxification of the Book of Light and Darkness. Subordinate the Harvest, a magical creature.
“Yes, I will definitely pass. Both of us, both.”
Arin smiled at Canis’ words.
I didn’t know it because I always wore cheap clothes, but she exuded a surprisingly mature beauty in a neat uniform.
“It’s nice, Canis.”
“You are pretty too. however… … How do you mean you look cool?”
Arin tilted his head and smiled.
“That’s a secret.”
Arin (ranked 8th in the graduating class).
Specialization: Psychology of Dark Magic.
Special note: Disciple of Archmage Arcane. Detoxification of the Book of Light and Darkness. Extreme mental assimilation ability to grasp the essence of form through menarche.
“Sirone, are you ready?”
Following the knocking sound, Iruki’s voice was heard.
“huh. Get out now.”
Iruki and Nade were waiting for me when I opened the door.
“Oh, is it cool?”
It was the first time that Sirone, as well as Iruki and Nade, wore uniforms that conformed to the Association’s regulations.
“You too. People look different.”
Certainly, Iruki’s face seemed grotesque to others, but now it also seemed like a personality.
“Current time 4:50:32. let’s go The time the association opens the long-distance space movement magic circle is only one hour.”
Mercodyne Iruki (5th place in the senior class).
Specialization: Detonation of explosive magic.
Special note: Servant Syndrome. Ultra-fast detonation equation calculation. cancellation. A Nuclear Fusion that fuses the Double Spirit Zone.
“okay.”
Sirone left the door and looked back at Ned.
“however… … Are you okay?”
Oscar works at the Creas branch of the Magic Association.
Meeting him at a point where the wounds in his heart had not yet healed was poison to Nade.
“are you okay. It’s already over.”
Nade was smiling, but he couldn’t hide his bitter expression.
West Nade (21st in final rankings for seniors).
Specialization: Blitz series of electric magic.
Special note: Application of magic engineering to alchemy. Assimilation of mana that can be controlled under certain circumstances.
‘Still, I made it to the 21st place.’
This was possible because all 5 of the Scramble Royale participants, excluding Anchal, dropped their ranks below Nade.
Also, thanks to this, the rankings of students who were in the lower ranks also resulted in a significant rise.
‘It’s all jumbled up. To be honest, rankings would be meaningless if this were the case.’
The son-in-law was dark when he arrived at the meeting place, but the location was easily identified as the arriving students turned on the lighting magic.
“Did you come out early?”
Amy came closer, raising her hand.
Sirone and her friends, who were about to greet each other, were unable to speak for a while in an adult atmosphere they had never seen before.
“what? why are you looking at me like that You are the same.”
It was awkward, too, for Amy.
“A conquest call. The president of the Magic Association is also an eccentric.”
Cayden has arrived.
After the ring of gold was dismantled, the only person he spoke to was Amy.
“what? But you… … ?”
Amy looked back at Cayden and pointed at the cross sword she was wearing around her waist.
“Because it is the symbol of the family. You should always wear it.”
Sirone asked.
“But the official document said you couldn’t carry any equipment at all. So I’m taking Kubrick too?”
When Cayden lifted the cross sword and cast magic, the blade shone brightly and disappeared.
“alchemy?”
Nade noticed immediately.
“I didn’t use it last year because it was annoying, but now I have a reason to leave school.”
Amy looked at me curiously as Cayden made a cross sword by forging the metal again.
“you’re good. When did you learn it?”
“At dawn this morning. Of course it made it easier.”
“it’s annoying. Shall I kill you?”
It was Amy who let her thoughts come out of her mouth, but Caden just laughed.
Cross Cayden (26th in the senior class finals).
Specialty: Magic swordsman.
Special: Law of the Red Cross. Unleash 100% potential in all fields through sacrifice.
“Hello, senior!”
Mark’s voice roared the stillness of dawn.
“okay. How are you feeling?”
“It is the best. There is no tension at all.”
Mark’s aggressiveness felt on the bridge he couldn’t cross was acknowledged, and that’s why he would have challenged the graduation exam.
“Okay, let’s work hard. And since it’s senior year, you can omit the title of senior.”
“I know. That is until today. I will beat you in the graduation exam.”
Slider Mark (29th in final rankings for seniors).
Major: Earth magic strike class.
Special note: Sade’s apprentice. matchmaker. Militancy without taboos.
‘Well, there’s no way the decision was made without any plan.’
Having nothing to lose was a psychological weapon.
Also, Mark had Maria, who was the only one in his senior year majoring in recovery magic.
“Maria, do your best.”
“thank you. Actually, I’m not… … .”
His docile personality was still the same, but it was different from the previous appearance when he trembled in fear when he activated the engine device of the bridge that he couldn’t cross.
“Because I’ve grown up in the meantime.”
Erland Maria (final class 30th place).
Specialty: High-speed activation series of recovery magic.
Special note: Sade’s apprentice. Students in the advanced class for the longest period of time, can use advanced magic in each class.
“Dante is coming.”
Everyone turned their heads at someone’s words.
The designation was Dante, but it included Sabina and Closer, who transferred together from the Royal Magic School.
Closer, who confirmed the muster place, turned his head.
“… … How was it, Alpheas Magic School?”
Looking at the sky at dawn, Dante recalled the journey of a year and a half.
“At first I found it funny.”
Then, after being defeated by Sirone in 2,000 battles, he waited for the day of reunion to come.
“Because the competition was fiercer than expected.”
It was an average of 3.8 times higher than other prestigious schools.
“Whatever… … I don’t think there was anything special about it. It was just as boring.”
Eirhein Dante (second place in the senior class final).
Specialization: Information series of photon magic.
Special note: Olivia’s apprentice. Genius information entropy analysis (capable of calculating the information entropy of each individual in a colony of ants). Integrated information processing system Pascal operation.
Boyle rolled his eyes as Dante arrived.
“What is it? You who are so fashion-conscious follow the rules like a knife. Isn’t it scary for the world’s Dante to go to the association?”
Dante scanned Boyle’s outfit up and down.
Her hair was neatly combed with pomade and she was wearing a suit that fit her chubby body.
“Originally, not wearing clothes like this is fashion. Shall we call it a face-to-face match?”
Boyle’s face turned red as he lost the sword fight.
“Hey, let’s see if I can be confident even after the exam is over. If you think that the number of summons you’ve shown so far is all, you’re mistaken.”
Chris Boyle (#17 final grade senior).
Specialization: Summoning magical beast class.
Uniqueness: Special affinity for beast species. Has a total of 18 summons.
‘Of course.’
Since he was a talented person who had maintained first place in the advanced class until Sirone came, he must have been hiding his trumpeted number of summons.
Meanwhile, Mark did not take his eyes off Closer.
‘How dare you feed me shit?’
When Dante and the others were just transferred from school, they were beaten by Closer’s cowardly move, and they woke up even in their sleep.
‘That too in front of Maria.’
Closer caught his gaze and bared his teeth.
“Hey, how are you feeling? The long-awaited graduating class has finally come? Of course, three thousand but.”
“Anyway, it’s on the same ship.”
“Geuk, even if it’s an earth type, you and I are on different levels.”
“Can I tell you a secret? The reason I chose the land type was to defeat you.”
Closer’s eyes widened.
“Then I will make a prophecy. The worst dropout in the graduation exam will be you. I will make it.”
Bonifar Closer (final class 15th place).
Major: Earth magic class of earth magic.
Special note: Olivia’s disciple. A type of alchemy, capable of shaping earth and sand.
‘Ugh, the smell of forage.’
Regardless of the fight between the two fistfighters, Sabina approached Ned as soon as she arrived at the muster.
“hi?”
No one seemed to notice, but only she knew that Nade’s mood had subtly changed.
Victor Savina (14th place in the senior class).
Specialization: Blow type of air magic.
Special note: Olivia’s apprentice. Aerodynamics can be adjusted using the press series.
—————————————

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-61.txt
=============YYYYY=============
[61] Under the moonlight, Sina (4)
Ned instigated it.
Please enable JavaScript
“Try it, try it said.First of all, you have to project the image of your body from a state of immobility.And then….”
“I know what it is, too,”Wait a minute.Let me concentrate.”
Shirone closed his eyes when his friends closed their mouths.a state of selflessness just before entering the Spirit Zone.From there, it reflects the image of the body and awakens the senses of the whole body with insight!
“Ughhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!”Oh, no, I can’t.It’s getting harder.”
said Iruki, holding back his laughter.
“You fool, do you really think you can do it?”Being specialized in the Spirit Zone means that you are completely incapable of schemas.”
“Hahaha!”
Ned burst into laughter, and Cyrone looked back at them with his axe-eyed eyes.
“I won’t do it!”Change!”
Eventually, the three of them took turns carrying her on their backs.
Ned, however, spread out half the distance Shirone had walked, and Yiruki could not move ten steps at all.
Shirone, who carried Cynah again with his shaky arm, was absurd.
“Hey, don’t we look so pathetic?”
“It’s not polite of you to say out loud what you need to think, Shiro.”
After Ned’s words, the three of them shut up.But that didn’t mean he was in a sense of shame.I was just too tired to talk.
By the time I got to school, Shirone suddenly spoke to me.
“There you are…Let’s not do that.”
“What do you mean? Which one?”
“Negotiating with Mr. Sina about what happened today.”
“Well,”
It was true that Ned was also guilty of conscience.However, the existence of the research group was at stake, nothing else was at stake.
“But there’s no good way,”Have you come up with a plan to save the research group?”
“No, but I think it should be separate from that.To be honest, today……it must have been a very sad day for Mr. Shina.I don’t know exactly, but that’s how I feel.”
It was a fact that everyone felt.I said goodbye to the person I had kept in mind since I was a child.Sheena was a strong person just by drinking a drink.
“But isn’t it strange to be so sentimental?”What’s the reason we live?You’re a dead body except when you use your head.At times like this, you have to be cool-headed.There is no way to save the research group right away, so is there any need to overdo it?”
Iruki’s words were also convincing.If you make a wrong decision because you are biased toward emotion, the future that will unfold is a series of hardships.
Ned’s heart sank quietly, too.
“Well, to be honest, Mr. Cina is the type that is hard to deal with.There’s no weakness.How could we have thought of this?It is true that it is a golden opportunity.”
Iruki agreed.
“He has a rough personality, he’s meticulous in planning, and he’s meticulous in managing students.Especially you’ve you heard of it.You even talked about going out with Shirone to stop overflowing.What can we do against an opponent who is so close?”
“These things…!”
Sheena, listening with her eyes closed, choked up.I was depressed and tired, so I tried to carry him on my back quietly, but I couldn’t listen to him.
“But now I know,”
said Shironet.
“Why did the teacher choose to be a teacher, and why he was so obsessed with overflow?Mr. Sina doesn’t want us to walk the same path as her.”
“Well, but…….”
“No matter what you do, it’s important that you truly care for us.But what about us?You’re trying to attack the teacher’s painful past with your weakness.I don’t think the senior members of the research group want to see their juniors so broken.”
This time, Iruki could not refute it.The wizard always seeks efficiency, but if he is too focused on efficiency, he misses something really important.
“…you always hit the nail on the head at times like this.”
said Ned, who had made his decision.
“Well, let’s keep the teacher’s business secret today.What do you think, Rudy?”
“I have no complaints if I can’t relate to the work of the research group.To be honest, I think Mr. Shiina is the best in education.”
“Well, we’re the bad guys.There are few teachers who take care of their students as well as Mr. Shiina.Besides, you’ve really cut me some slack compared to what we’ve done.”
said Iruki.
“I’ll let you go this time.”It’s a research group. If the three of us put our heads together, we can find a solution, right?”
said Shironet.
“Then that’s how you do it, isn’t it?Even if you are to be disciplined tomorrow, what happened today will be taken to the grave.Don’t ever say it!”
“Good! Sold!”
When I got out of the hope torture, I felt better.Shirone’s party walked with a lighter mind than before.No one knew that Shina, who was on Shironet’s back, had opened her eyes for some time.
I saw the main gate of the magic school.Shironet, half exhausted, found a guard standing with a torch and stopped.It was not midnight yet, so the overtime team was not leaving work.
“What should I do? If I go back to this state, I don’t know what kind of rumors there will be.”Besides, we’re going out without permission, aren’
“I can’t do it,”Let’s use magic from here on out.I’ll float Mr. Caina, and you’ll hold him.”
“Wait a minute. Put the teacher down for now.Iruki, help me.”
As I bent my knees, the weight on my back suddenly disappeared.Shiona stood upright as Shiona looked back in astonishment.His drunken appearance disappeared, and his eyes were as clear as starlight.
“Sir, sir?”
Shirone, feeling dejected, sank to the ground.If you were able to walk, what would become of yourself that you had worked so hard to carry?
“Are you sure you’re all right, sir?”
“Well, did you really think I’d get drunk.
Shironet let out a heavy breath and wept.
“But why have you ever……?”
“If you’ve eaten an expensive meal, you’ll have to pay for it.You didn’t want to suffer this much?Anyway, come with me.If you want to go in beautifully.”
Shirone’s party followed Shirona as if possessed.The guard who recognized her greeted her with sleepy eyes.
“Oh, good night, Mr. Sina,”
“Yes. Thank you very much.”
“But… Did you go out with the students?”
“Yes. I brought him out on a field trip.”
“Oh, I see,”I’m glad you’Have a comfortable night.”
Although the school regulations prohibit students from entering at night, there was no doubt that Shina, who has a high reputation on campus, said it.
Shirone’s party, frightened, quickly walked past the school gate.I was nervous that the guard might call me from behind.When she reached Central Park safely, she turned around and stared at them.
“Oops!”
Shiro’s party finally felt it.that he had returned to the Alpeas School of Witchcraft.
“I’ll let what happened today go.”
When something completely different came out, Shirone’s party glanced at Shirona with astonishment.
“I’ll give you another month from today.That’s the best bargaining chip I can offer.”
Shiro’s party realized what they were talking about.Initializing the grace period meant trying to win a real game.
“Find a way to convince the school in a month.Whether you hold a presentation or bring a ghost, it’s up to you.If you’re really proud of the research group, fight the school and get what you want.That’s my view of education and the way I love my students.”
Shirone’s party was choked up.I couldn’t believe that Cina, not anyone else, had told me this.
“Yes! Look forward to it!”I’m sure you’ll surprise the school!”
“That’s right! It’s not our style to get caught up!”Let’s really think about it and try it this time!”
Seena smiled bitterly as she looked at her students who had regained their confidence.It is true that anxiety is relieved first when their motivation is high, but on the other hand, I was looking forward to what great work they could do.
“Hoo-hoo. Try your best.”I’ve had enough of my students.”
Invisibility (1)
Shirone, who visited the research group later than usual, looked at Ned and Iruki lying on the sofa and raised their hands helplessly.
“Good-bye,”
“Did you sleep well last night?”
“I don’t know. I don’t know if I slept.What about you?”
“Same, what are we going to do now?”We had a meeting all night yesterday, and we didn’t get any good ideas.”
said Shironet, sitting on the sofa.
“I must make a decision today.Let’s take measures.”
“So how?Supernatural psychic science is an invisible phenomenon.But humans don’t believe in invisible things.”
The same story was repeated last night.Tired of even speaking, they stared blankly at only one place.I felt empty in my head and blank.How long had it been, Shirone’s eyes returned to focus.
“Why don’t you change your mind?”
Ned and Iruki sprang to their feet.I don’t know what words will come out, but it was definitely different from the patterns that have appeared so far.
“How?”
“So that’s the dilemma we’re facing.There is no way to show the invisible.”
“Yes, that’s a big problem.”
“So, I mean, if it’s invisible, you don’t have to show it.Should I say that I’ve been clinging to the impossible?I think it would be better to try not to show it.”
Saying that it doesn’t matter if you don’t show it was also in line with saying that there was no need for a presentation.But my friends were not disappointed.Rather, I was lost in thought, perhaps because I realized something.
“What you can’t verify means you don’t have to verify it.”
“That’s it,”The reason why I joined the research group is not because you showed me something.Then wouldn’t it be the same for everyone else?”
A smile crept around Iruki’s mouth.
“Why didn’t I think of that?”That’s right. We didn’t have to verify it from the beginning.We didn’t have to show them what we didn’t know.On the contrary…….”
“You make them believe in invisible things, don’t you?”
Ned was convinced that this was the answer he was looking for.Immediately he left his seat and rolled over, hugging Shirone.
“Shiro! Come here!”You saved our research group!You may take my first kiss!”
“Go away!”
While Sirone and Nade were making a great deal of money on the sofa, he was lost in thought.The real difficulty was from now on.
“Then what shall we do?”Shirone’s words are the solution, but you have to have the character of a presentation anyway.In the end, we need tangible results.”
Ned returned to his seat.Shirone swept his messy hair, too.It wasn’t the time to play around.
“Let’s think about it.What are you going to show me?”
The three of them put their heads together.Once the strands were caught, there were endless ways to come up with them.The point was something that would make you believe in the invisible.
“Wouldn’t it be better to be auditory?”It’s easy to design.”
“Effective, though.But it doesn’t work.We must also consider whether the school will accept it.”
“Then let’s go with the visual.If you can, your hearing ability. Put everything you can into it.”
“Then what do you visualize?”Supernatural or psychic?
“The supernatural is not popular.I think a ghost would be good.”
Ned raised his hand.
“I vote for the spirit, too.There must be a soul, a ghost, a ghost, or a phenomenon, which of these?”
said Shironet.
“Don’t you think ghosts are better?”It’s intense.”
“But wouldn’t it be childish?”
Ned looked skeptical.But Yiruki saw that Shirone was right.
“I think ghosts are better.The key is to penetrate people’s thoughts strongly.”
“Well, it’s childish no matter how many times I think about it.”
said Shironet.
“The first thing to think about is the effect.The other thing is a secondary problem.I don’t think you need to give up.”
=======================================

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-610.txt
=============YYYYY=============
[610] Five Great Prestiges (3)
“Okay, hello.”
Nade said hello.
Unlike before, there was no feeling of avoidance, but rather it seemed to push Sabina away.
“What happened?”
True to his personality, he asked honestly, but Nade just smiled bitterly.
Knowing Sabina’s feelings, she wanted to be honest, but the hurt she received from doing so was sure to be poison for the graduation exam.
“I want you to graduate.”
Nade was sincere.
Because he was one of the few people who accepted his true self.
Realizing Nade’s consideration, Sabina turned sullenly, and Pandora, who was watching, stabbed her horse.
“Good to sell. Even in this situation, I can afford to care about men.”
Before the start of the second half of her senior year, she visited the head office of Alones, a perfume manufacturing company, and learned the secret techniques of Mael, the perfume wizard.
Like the insect magic fisho, it is not a favorable class for evaluation, but once you graduate, you will receive a high score in professionalism, so success in life is guaranteed.
“Don’t flatter yourself that you’re high on the rankings. There are so many air mages in society that they would be kicked.”
Azelio Pandora (#19 in the senior class final).
Specialty: Fragrance Magic Alones.
Special note: Mael’s apprentice.
Being settled in Class 2 with the benefit of Scramble Royale was a great psychological help.
Sabina approached her, remembering the bullying of Pandora during her advanced class.
“What, what?”
Contrary to Pandora’s disgust, Sabina carefully reached out and straightened the crooked collar.
“Yeah, you work hard too. Let’s go shopping together when we go social.”
Even when he first transferred to Alpheas Magic School, he felt embarrassed about having to compete with local students.
However, life at the Royal Magic School had been erased for a long time after going through the fierce process of the senior class for a year.
‘Because now my alma mater is here.’
Pandora looked at Sabina as she walked away and spoke softly.
“You too must pass. You worked hard.”
No one in the senior class was lazy.
‘Whoops, I’m not a bad kid.’
Sabina smiled and walked away, and the bell rang for 5 a.m.
Headteacher Collie arrived at the meeting point with three huge wagons.
“Ride the wagon and go to the Magic Association Creas branch. Pay attention to your manners even in the wagon, and get on quickly as there is no time.”
Thirty students were divided into groups of 10 and boarded the wagon.
Sirone, Iruki, and Nade got into the first carriage, with Dorothy riding at the other end.
“Ugh.”
Sirone and Nade, who watched Iruki for a while, quietly put their buttocks on their seats.
‘Of course Dorothy… … .’
I haven’t heard the details, but it’s clear that Iruki and Dorothy dated, and they broke up exactly 13 minutes later.
The reason was that there was no strong pull, but the terribly realistic Iruki and the 4D Dorothy who wanted more than reality made the right compromise with just a few words of conversation.
“are you okay?”
Surprisingly, Iruki spoke first.
“huh. It was very difficult, but now it’s a little better.”
“I’m sorry if I hurt you. But the important thing for us is the graduation exam.”
“okay. you will be able to overcome Don’t get hurt too much and focus on the test.”
Nade was absurd.
“… … Are you guys doing this on purpose?”
The 13-minute relationship and breakup seemed absurd to him, but the parties looked at each other as if they were serious.
Like Iruki, Dorothy wasn’t normal either.
Taylor Dorothy (#13 in the senior class).
Specialization: Joner’s manipulative class.
Special note: Utilization of the mind-sharing system Mimesis. Maximize your omnipotence with a unique operation pattern input method.
If the airflow of the first carriage was awkward, the airflow of the third carriage was full of murderous intent, as if it would explode at any moment.
It was because of the war of nerves between Fermi, who was sitting at the edge reading a book, and Lichen, an electric monster sitting at the opposite end.
After being betrayed in the upper echelons of Istas, Lichen, who murdered the child Yolga wanted to protect, was pursued by Fermi until the upper echelons disappeared.
At the time, Fermi was seriously injured, so there was no big fight, but in fact, even if they collided, it would have been Fermi who died.
“Hey, Fermi.”
Fermi turned his head.
“Do you know why I didn’t kill you then?”
Fermi raised an eyebrow in interest.
“Because I just need to kill him in the graduation exam anyway. you know? That no one should be held responsible for the deaths that occurred during the graduation exam.”
I was on my way to the Magic Association to sign it.
“In short, you are already dead. So why don’t you close the book and pray? It’s not much of a life left.”
Gunzo Lichen (final grade 3 in senior class).
Specialization: Blitz series of electric magic.
Special note: The son of Gunzo Bedium, the strongest hitman in the Black Line. The highest level of movement skills, spark magic.
Fermi closed the book.
“Lichen, do you love me?”
“What, what’s up?”
Lichen’s face crumpled terribly.
“Hate and love have some similarities. In terms of throwing out all your emotions. So I, hating you, has become a little disgusting.”
“… … .”
“So I thought about it. What is the greatest revenge I can take on someone I hate? it erases I’m not pretending to be cool, I’m really just erasing it. Just as hatred and love are similar, revenge and forgiveness seem to have similarities. so I… … .”
Fermi opened the book again and looked away.
“I don’t care what you do.”
“This child… … !”
As Licorn jumped up, Hersie held out her hand to stop it.
“Be patient. That, too, is psychological warfare.”
Really?
I couldn’t believe it, but because it was Fermi, there was confusion.
‘You can’t be swayed. Getting caught up in his tongue is the end.’
Hersey thought so.
‘The Golden Ring has been dismantled and there is no collusion any more. Now we have to focus on Fermi.’
It was Hercy’s intention to become the next Fermi.
‘From now on, I control the graduation exam.’
Meyer Hercy (23rd final grade, senior class).
Specialty: Sona-type of sound magic.
Special note: Superhuman hearing that can even detect the sound of a creature’s heartbeat.
Leaving their own circumstances behind, the three wagons arrived at the Creas branch of the Magic Association.
When I opened the door and got down, the sky was brightening to a bluish color.
“welcome. This way.”
The association staff who had been waiting in advance guided the way to Collie.
The place where they moved to the second column was the 5th basement floor of the association, and Oscar was waiting in front of the iron door with the space movement magic circle.
“Before using the space movement magic circle, I would like to warn you.”
Sooner or later, he would become the son-in-law of the head of the headquarters, but he could not be excluded from the early morning duty of the lower ranks of the association.
“First of all, the coordinates to move to are a security area four kilometers away from the capital… … .”
Nade couldn’t hear Oscar’s words.
When we first met here, our eyes clashed for a moment, but it was good for both of us not to show it.
‘It must be disturbing.’
Sirone looked back at Nade anxiously, but I couldn’t get any special feeling from his expression.
“Then have a nice trip.”
When Oscar opened the iron door, a huge magic circle with a diameter of 100 meters was drawn.
Since it was a military facility, it was clear that an astronomical amount of money had been invested just by looking at the scale.
“Awesome. One company will be sent at once.”
If it was Dante, an expert in information magic, it would have been true.
The light of the magic circle gradually brightened, and after about 5 minutes, the face of the person next to me was so white that I couldn’t even see it.
“Don’t move.”
At the end of Collie’s final warning, a flash of light exploded, and the entire senior class disappeared.
* * *
Crata, the capital of Tormia.
The capital city, with a population of hundreds of thousands of people, was a city in itself, and the arsenal located at the outer gate to the west was active in the manufacture of weapons both formally and unofficially.
Liz, the arsenal’s Mado parts manager, walked around the warehouse checking the details of parts one by one.
Daily life as usual.
But there was no longer a partner who promised her a future.
“Manager. manager.”
A craftsman who worked in the arsenal for 30 years called Liz.
“yes? Ah yes.”
“What do you think?”
“Oh, sorry. I don’t know… … .”
“No, I am worried. Did something happen on vacation?”
Liz was honest.
“I cheated on my fiance.”
It was a time when the wounds healed to some extent.
“Oops… … . You are the worst of the world.”
“Actually, that bad person… … .”
“No, it’s not my personality, it’s that I can’t use my eyes. Kicking a beauty like Mr. Liz. You will regret it later.”
The father-in-law’s wit made Liz feel a little better.
“Go in and rest. The delivery company won’t come today. I organize the warehouse.”
“Oh, why?”
“The plaza is controlled, so transportation is not possible. There seemed to be an event at the Magic Association. It’s like a review ceremony for the top 5 prestigious families.”
5 prestigious.
If so, Alpheas Magic School would be included.
‘Nade will come too.’
She had been in a bad mood ever since she left after saying harsh words that day.
No, I really wanted to meet you.
‘Now what am I… … . She just looks like a strange woman.’
The father-in-law stared at Liz, who was hesitant like a puppy in need of something.
I didn’t know what was going on, but Yeon-ryun knew what to say at this moment.
“Do what you want to do. I don’t know the story.”
“yes?”
“There are some things you only learn at this age. It is far better to try and regret than not to try and regret.”
Oddly enough, those words touched Liz’s heart.
* * *
Alog Central Square.
The size of the plaza was huge as Baska’s core institutions were concentrated, and citizens and merchants complained because all eight-lane roads extending in all directions were blocked.
However, the fact that their complaints did not run amok was because of the pride in the magical power of Tormia Kingdom that they had in their hearts.
A platform with a height of 6 meters installed in the center of the plaza was carved entirely from artificial ivory, and it was exquisite and beautiful enough to be a waste to throw away after using it for several hours.
As soldiers of the Royal Guard, a cooperative organization, controlled the citizens along the outskirts of the square, carriages from all over the kingdom began to arrive.
While the drum line of the military band preparing for the review ceremony heightened tension with a fast beat, the chorus shouted.
“Oris Magic School!”
Three carriages stopped on Route 6 in the central plaza, and thirty seniors dressed in black suits emerged.
“Kai Knight Magic School!”
“Bermin Magic School!”
As the students gathered in front of the barricade one after another, the carriage of Alpheas Magic School stopped on Route 3.
“Alpheas Magic School!”
“come. Let’s get off.”
The students, who had been watching the crowds since their arrival, looked a little nervous.
“Waaaaaa!”
As soon as I set foot on the ground, my heart jumped at the cheers of the people I heard.
‘This is right… … .’
It is the core center of the magic of the kingdom of Tormia.
The gaze of people’s aspiration and awe, which I couldn’t feel at school, seemed to penetrate my skin.
“You really mean all wizards? Are you that young?”
“They are soon to become wizards. Didn’t they say that only the best students in the kingdom were invited?”
The students gathered here today would eventually become wizards someday, advance into all fields such as economy, society, military, politics, art, and science, and lead the kingdom of Tormia.
‘Heart… … It’s about to explode.’
Mark shuddered in the eyes of the people looking at the future leader.
Since he was young, he only hung out with those who dreamed of becoming wizards. The first taste of society’s eyes on him was enough to bring out a passion he didn’t even know existed.
‘You’re clever, this time the president of the association.’
Collie nodded, feeling the atmosphere in the central square.
Internally, Rufist’s plan to imprint the association’s image on future employees and emphasize what the most important institution in the kingdom of Tormia was, externally, was right in place.
—————————————

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-611.txt
=============YYYYY=============
[611] Five Great Prestiges (4)
“Tormia!”
the choir shouted.
“Royal! Magic school!”
The reason why the recital is longer than other prestigious schools is not just because there are more syllables.
People’s eyes were focused on the road toward the north gate of the royal castle, and eight horses pulled a huge carriage that completely occupied the width of the road.
“Whoaaaa!”
The shouts were much louder than before.
King-sized wagons were operated only in the capital city, and were a means of transportation that could not be operated unless they were backed by road control from the Royal Capital Transportation Management Department.
“Sheesh, is this because it’s royal?”
It was a school built under the order of the king to foster wizards who would lead the country, and most of the key positions in the association were from the Royal Magic School.
The four doors installed on the left and right opened at the same time, and 30 students of the Royal Magic School descended to the ground one after another.
His eyes contained the pride of being the best elite in the kingdom, and he was unmoved by the applause of the people.
The gaze of students from other prestigious schools has changed.
‘There is definitely an irrational side.’
20 graduates.
No matter how fierce the competition at the Royal Academy was, it was a great merit that only two-thirds of the successful applicants were successful.
“Dante, don’t you regret it?”
Sabina asked.
Dante and his party were also at the top of the 30th division ranking at the Royal Magic School before they transferred.
The competition would have been much easier if he had just been promoted and made it to the final 30, which is the cutoff for the graduation exam.
“You don’t have to be swayed by signs.”
Dante looked at the faces of the students of the Royal Magic School.
Unlike the students of other prestigious schools, who were engaged in a war of nerves with people of interest such as Sirone, Dante, and Fermi, he had a confident expression on his face.
“The place where I fight is the most prestigious. Have confidence.”
The corners of Sabina’s and Closer’s lips went up.
‘okay. Dante, you are the best.’
“Student entry!”
According to Bokchangdae’s instructions, a barricade was opened and 150 students in suits began to enter the central square in a row.
Although they were students, they were in their senior year, and the energy emitted by 150 aspiring wizards was enough to create an army with just them.
“All the competent people in the kingdom have gathered.”
In the sky two kilometers away from the central plaza, Rufist, the current head of the Magic Association, was casting fly magic while watching the rolling black waves.
He had a sharp expression on his pale face, a torn wound on the right corner of his mouth, and his eyebrows were vacant in a comb pattern, as if they had been scratched by a beast.
Jane, the chief of staff who assists Lufist, said.
“It’s no exaggeration to say that in terms of brains alone, the kingdom ranks from 1st to 150th. However, after all, they are just accessories of the country.”
Her red hair was pulled up and her silk robe was worn, and her face was ferocious like that of a lynx, and her age was difficult to guess because the wrinkles were artificially removed.
“Indeed, it is.”
Rufist did not recognize the value of individuals.
“But it is a key accessory.”
That’s why this remark was the best compliment I could give to the students.
“It’s about time. you’re leaving I will go to the association and prepare.”
As soon as Jane finished speaking, the two of them flew in different directions.
Flying magic was forbidden within the capital, but no one could interfere with Lufist’s flight to the central plaza.
“excuse me… … !”
Everyone looked up at the sky and pointed at Lufist.
Amid the gaze of close to 1,000 people, Lufist fluttered his black coat and landed on the podium.
‘Flying magic in the capital.’
Collie realized that his every move was a political rhetoric.
“Nice to meet you, gentlemen. The president of the Tormia Magic Association, Lufist.”
As the voices echoed through the plaza through the loudspeaker, the eyes of the graduating class students clearly changed.
‘That person… … .’
First-class Archmage Raphael Lufist.
He was one of the core powers of the kingdom of Tormia, nicknamed the Steel Wizard.
‘It’s definitely different.’
Although Sirone lived with Vice Principal Olivia, a second-class archmage, the prayers of the first-class archmage, who were only four in the kingdom, were on a different level.
‘Another gaold.’
It was the first impression Sirone felt.
“I think I need to explain before going into the review ceremony. Magicians are people who don’t act unless they understand it.”
It was a rough tone that was not like the president of the association, but it was acceptable because it was the president of the association.
“Actually, there is no particular reason for calling you guys. I just wanted to see my future family members with my own eyes while taking office as the president of the association.”
As Rufist’s eyes swept across the plaza, the hearts of the students thumped.
‘Looking at me. You must have seen me.’
While everyone was thinking the same thing, Lufist’s eyes returned to Sirone for the last time.
“You are the best 150 people in the kingdom. And 60 of them will pass. Of those 60 people, about 10 will be certified wizards. Again, out of those 10 people, there are only 5 people who can get a job at the Magic Association.”
The atmosphere became somber.
“Of course, someone will leave the red line, and someone will dig a dungeon and not come out. You guys don’t know yet, but wizards are a difficult job to manage. You need patriotism to work for the Association.”
Rufist spread his five fingers.
“I want to pack 5 people with the best elite. I don’t know which of you will pass, but if you think you’re the best, aim for the Magic Association.”
It was a kind of propaganda.
“Then why the Magic Association? you will have a question First of all, pretty women and handsome men that you guys like so much will follow one after another.”
Unlike the citizens who burst into laughter, the students’ expressions were unchangingly serious.
“And you get a lot of lobbying. Illegal funds.”
Even in front of a large number of spectators, Rufist was unstoppable.
“Of course not recommended, but how would you know? Can you think of thousands of ways to eat without being seen? Because they are smart.”
That too was true.
“I do not control the wizard. because you can’t control it There is only one standard I ask of you guys.”
Lufist’s index finger stood tall in front of his gaze.
“Can you solve the problem?”
The students’ eyes lit up.
“Conscientious or trash, I don’t care. Should I beat someone? Then lose. The King will be silent. want to kill someone? Then kill! The king will close his eyes!”
Rufist’s voice rose.
“You can do whatever you want! There is one rule you all must follow, and that is to make the kingdom stronger!”
Two fists hit the platform.
“This is why it can’t be that way, and everyone is complaining about it, but you guys shouldn’t be like that! Because they are smart! The wizard is not the one who poses the problem, but the one who solves the problem! That’s why it’s public power, and that’s why it’s a license to kill!”
The air in the plaza shook with the boiling exhalation.
“Who is the greatest wizard here!”
me.
‘It’s me.’
Everyone was thinking the same thing.
“Remove all factors hindering the development of the kingdom! If it is a god, kill even a god! What the association wants is just such a wizard! Did you understand!”
“yes!”
It was a loud noise that startled the citizens.
“Cry out! Absolute power!”
“I! big! volume! force!”
The students’ voices echoed in the quiet plaza.
“That is the best gift the Magic Association can give you. If you want one, come to the Association.”
As Lufist cast space movement magic and flew to the Magic Association, a thousand eyes followed him.
It is a common sight for seniors, but it was a miraculous phenomenon for ordinary citizens.
“Now, let’s proceed with the review ceremony. Please stand in four rows at each school, 5 meters apart.”
The students moved in perfect order, and Shirone waited in line with Iruki and Nade.
“Whoa, this is no joke. I was very nervous.”
“I know. I’ve met Mr. Gaold, but his charisma doesn’t seem to lag behind.”
Iruki said.
“Raphael Lufist. In politics, he is regarded as a representative figure of the extreme right. Showing the strength of the state mobilizes people, but speaking of public authority was dangerous. If it wasn’t for that level of charisma, the citizens would have risen up.”
The reviewing ceremony began, and as 150 students, starting with the Royal Magic School, advanced along the road, the citizens applauded and welcomed them.
‘Still, it’s nice to be treated like this. Maybe being a wizard is a good job… … .’
Lufist’s power was so great that even Nade would consider it at least once.
“what?”
Sirone found it first, followed by Ned’s gaze.
‘Senior Liz.’
I saw Liz standing in the crowd with a gentle smile.
He said he had forgotten, but it was only a matter of his head, and seeing her face made his heart pound again.
‘But why… … ?’
Even as she looked at Nade’s face, Liz couldn’t come up with a clear answer.
‘So what am I doing here?’
When did you push him away so cruelly, when did you come back and why do you have regrets about him?
-It is better to regret doing something than not doing something and regretting it.
Recalling her father-in-law’s words, she made up her mind and clapped her hands as hard as she could.
“Nice, Nade.”
His voice was not audible due to the cheering, but Nade definitely felt like he heard it.
‘Leeds is looking at me.’
only me
I felt thrilled as if I had fallen into a bathtub filled with drugs, but it was not enough to heal the wounds in my heart.
‘I’m sorry, senior.’
It was so painful that I was afraid to set foot there again.
“Nade… … .”
Liz looked at Nade as he walked away with a sad expression, but then smiled.
‘okay. Now I’ll take care of the pain.’
The master’s words finally made sense.
The majesty of the Magic Association, which arrived under the leadership of the military band, took away the attention of the students at once.
The 18-story building, which stood tall enough to pierce the sky, was blazing with the sunlight, and the best wizards Lufist had emphasized so much were standing still and guarding from the entrance.
“This is the end of the review ceremony. I need to submit the test participation form, so please enter in a line.”
After passing through the revolving door, Sirone saw the familiar scene of the front desk.
Due to the large number of students, they had to move through the stairs, and thanks to this, the students were able to visit the Magic Association they had been dreaming of so much.
“It’s much better than I’ve heard.”
It was on a different level from the buildings that chaebol aristocrats had only enlarged in scale for show off.
“It is no exaggeration to say that it is a collection of cutting-edge technologies built by mankind. This will definitely motivate you.”
Although she was a Sirone who had lived here as well as on field trips, her aspirations were no different from those of other students.
‘It’s not a dream anymore.’
There were times when I worried about returning alive from heaven, let alone graduating, but when I submitted the application form today, the only thing left was the graduation exam.
‘It’s Senior Fleur.’
When we arrived at the foreign management department, Fleur, who was wearing a uniform, was resting and taking a posture.
I felt the dignity of a professional in the way he looked ahead without looking at anyone.
A top graduate of the Royal Magic School.
I could feel how much effort she shed blood to get that one title.
‘Should I say hello?’
At that time, when the trouble deepened as he got closer, Fleur’s left hand slipped out of his hand behind his back.
‘Seniors.’
Sirone smiled and gave her a high-five as she passed by.
—————————————

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-612.txt
=============YYYYY=============
[612] The Hottest Place (1)
At noon, when the application form was submitted, the guide of the association went around each room where the students were waiting and announced the next schedule.
“We are going to have lunch by 2:00 and take a tour of the Society Museum. The cafeteria is located in the annex on the first floor, so all students, please move quickly.”
“Do you have free time until 2?”
“yes. It is also a good place to relax or take a look at the building. However, if you cause a disturbance, you may be punished according to the association’s regulations, and outside entry is prohibited.”
Being able to roam freely was an unconventional treatment in its own way, but no one would act recklessly anyway.
“Let’s eat some rice. hungry.”
Sirone said as Iruki and Nade followed the procession to the restaurant.
“You guys are eating first. I have somewhere to go.”
Since it was Sirone who had been with the Association for more than two months, there must have been quite a few people to say hello to.
“Okay then. See you later.”
After regurgitating the procession of students, Sirone headed to the desk in the middle of the 3rd floor hallway.
“Sirone, long time no see.”
Association staff greeted us warmly.
“hello. How have you been?”
“Whoops, the association work is always the same. Make sure you pass this time.”
The students who were heading to the cafeteria glanced at each other with surprised expressions as they were casually conversing with the staff.
It was because of the direction of Gaold, who was the president of the association at the time, but it was definitely a special experience for an outsider to stay in the association for several months.
“You have to do your best. By the way, where is Fleur-senpai?”
“Manager? He’s probably resting in the staff quarters. You worked hard for two days.”
In fact, it would have been the staff rather than the students who suffered from this review ceremony.
“Go see. The manager also talked about you a lot.”
“yes. Then I’ll see you later.”
Sirone nodded and headed to the staff quarters.
‘Looks like it’ll be there.’
* * *
“Oh, I am tired.”
Fleur, who came into the lodging she used whenever she worked overtime, took off her uniform with a relaxed expression.
For a week, I didn’t even have time to sleep because I was cooperating with other departments to check all the security devices in all areas of the association.
‘I should close my eyes for a moment.’
After changing into a comfortable top, she took off her skirt and went to the closet.
“My pants… … .”
Opening the closet and taking out her pants, she bent over and tried to put one leg in, but the door burst open.
“Seniors! I’m here!”
“Oh. Ugh.”
Startled, Flew’s core staggered, and he jumped with one leg raised and fell to the side.
“… … .”
While Sirone clenched her fists and suppressed laughter, Fleur raised her axe eye and stood up.
“hey! wanna die? Did you come in without knocking while I was changing clothes?”
“Oh, I’ll turn around.”
“it’s okay. Look at everything and pretend to be polite.”
“sorry. I didn’t even think about it. I’m so glad… … .”
Flu understood that feeling.
“Yeah, it’s been a while. Are you ready for the exam properly?”
As expected, the first question was the graduation exam.
“yes. During vacation, I was trained by Mr. Miro. My condition is fine.”
After returning from heaven, Flew immediately left for the Society, but heard many things on her own channel.
“okay. I heard that the evaluation was abandoned. I think that’s right too.”
Although it was not revealed on the surface, the Heaven Project had an effect on the entire world.
“How is Flu senior? We broke up like that before… … I was very worried.”
Since he was a member of Gaold’s bodyguard, he must have looked precious in Rufist’s eyes.
“are you okay. I had friction with the president of the association, but now the president of the association is someone who greets only with his skills. Thanks to you, Isabel-sama was also reinstated.”
I knew what kind of sacrifice Isabelle, the head of the magic library, had made for Gaold.
“I’m so glad.”
“It’s us, but the problem is you. Be honest. Are you really confident about this graduation exam?”
Sirone shook her head.
“I don’t know yet. I heard a strategy from Mr. Miro, but I wonder if it’s feasible… … .”
Considering the situation Sirone was in, not many organizations would embrace him just because he had passed the graduation exam.
‘It should be at least the level of the Association.’
said Fleur, who made the decision.
“Is it lunch time now? Follow me. Come with me to the fourth floor.”
“Fourth floor? Why are you there all of a sudden?”
“I have someone I can introduce you to.”
Sirone followed Fleur to the 4th floor and went into an office with a sign for the Magician Human Resources Department.
With the graduation exam just around the corner, the two of them entered the conference room at the end of the office, passing between employees who were frantically sorting documents.
“Have you eaten yet?”
At the end of a rectangular table, three people were sitting and reviewing papers.
As Sirone glanced at it, it was the profile of the Alpheas Magic School students and the participation form she had just filled out.
The man sitting in the upper seat had black hair with a pessimistic personality, and on the left was a calm woman with long eyelashes, and on the right was a freckled woman with brown hair tied in two ponytails.
“what? I am in a meeting right now.”
The man fired at him, but Flew walked away, leading Sirone without any roughness.
“I have a junior to introduce. Sirone, hello. This is Baikal, the evaluator who will attend the Alpheas Magic School graduation exam as a scout.”
‘scout!’
Sirone woke up.
“hello. I am Arian Sirone, a senior from Alpheas Magic School.”
Fleur even introduced the women on the left and right.
“This is Analyst Elizabeth. This is Archivist Lala-san.”
Lara, who had cute freckles, smiled and waved her hand.
“hi? It’s the first time we’ve met, but we’ve seen it a lot on paper.”
When the graduation exam participants came in, Baikal showed a displeased look.
“What are you doing? Bringing a graduation test participant. Not lobbying.”
“Are you in the lobby? Give me a generous score on the exam. I will buy you food.”
Sirone’s face turned red at the blatant request, but Fleur took out a chair and sat down without hesitation.
“Baikal-san is a certified 4th class wizard. He worked as a scout at the Royal Magic School for over 10 years, and I was selected by Mr. Baikal to join the Association.”
‘Ah, such a relationship… … .’
Baikal tilted his upper body as if he was embarrassed.
“I just picked the most talented students. After all, he was the chief of the royal family.”
In the short conversation, I could feel that the lobby itself is a person who does not work.
“Still, graduation rankings and scout evaluation are two different things. Anyway, since you’ve decided to take charge of Alpheas Magic School this time, Sirone, you’ll have your eye stamp on it too, so there won’t be anything bad about it.”
“yes. I wish you well.”
When I revealed my inner feelings honestly and plainly, Baikal also released a noble expression.
“okay. I’ll keep a special eye on it. work hard.”
Raising the scout’s expectations would certainly help the evaluation, but if they fell short, the disappointment was also a big double-edged sword.
“You said you were in charge of the Royal Magic School for over 10 years, but why this time… … ?”
Elizabeth answered Sirone’s question.
“Because it is the hottest place in Tormia this year. The competition is unprecedentedly fierce, and I heard that all of the students’ skills are above the average of their graduating class. That’s why the evaluator made a suggestion to the association and changed it.”
It was an honor not only for Sirone, but for the entire senior class of Alpheas Magic School.
“It was a decision based on paperwork only. But the numbers on the papers don’t accurately reflect reality. I hope not to disappoint you.”
Sirone, seated in Elizabeth’s seat, pointed to the profile papers on the table.
“Is it a grade for one year?”
“no. All records from admission to present. It’s the future of the kingdom, but we can’t judge it rashly. I’m trying to be as objective as possible. Have you ever watched a graduation exam?”
“yes. last year.”
“Then you know what Scouts do.”
“Ah, that… … .”
At the time, he was immersed in the fierce battle of the graduation exam and was shocked by Amy’s early dropout.
“are you okay. It will be helpful to know how scouts evaluate. First of all, when the graduation exam begins, an analyst like me will see the details of the participant’s abilities with his own eyes.”
Elizabeth’s eyes glowed blue, revealing marks on her retinas that looked like arrow targets.
“… … Is it a tattoo?”
“yes. It’s a magical tattoo. The most important thing for the analyst is to judge the student’s ability level in detail. It is to determine whether the distance of the teleportation repetition compulsion is 10 meters, 10 meters 1 centimeter, or 10 meters 1 centimeter 1 millimeter.”
“… … Ah yes.”
Saying that he could confirm it with his own eyes made Sirone dazed.
“A lot of the information analyzed like that is delivered directly to the evaluator here. The evaluators then grade the students’ abilities according to the circumstances and their discretion. Judgment B grade, nerve transmission speed A grade, something like this. Then, Mr. Lara here will record the evaluation of all 30 people.”
As Lara draws a V, dozens of notebooks stacked next to her fly up into the air and flutter.
Then, the same number of pens moved automatically and pretended to write something on the notebook.
A person with the ability to write in 30 notebooks at the same time.
Sirone looked up in admiration, and Lara shrugged her shoulders with a pleasant expression.
“Just because you have great skills doesn’t mean you get a good evaluation.”
Baikal was the first to give advice.
“The manpower required by the state is a wizard who can perform 100 percent of the given mission. Most of the students hang on to the power, but from the perspective of the kingdom, if one person is not enough, it is enough to send 10 people. It will cost some money, but it is a value that can be replaced. What we want is incalculable talent.”
Baikal pointed to Flu.
“Flu’s final grade on the graduation exam was an overall A. Of course, if you expand the scope to other countries, there are A plus and S grades. However, when he was confined to the kingdom, it is true that Fleur was the best student in Tormia.”
“That’s a compliment, right?”
Fleur argued, but Baikal ignored it and continued.
“One of the reasons I hit the flu so high was that there was no waste. I moved my consciousness toward optimal efficiency in all areas, including time, mind, psychology, and behavior. This is far more important than casting massive magic or overpowering someone. Because it is not a factor that can be replaced by money or number of people.”
“okay.”
I had to admit that there was a difference between individual achievement and the requirements of the kingdom.
‘Because I’m just one of many wizards.’
Baikal continued.
“If you want to get a good score on the evaluation, reduce waste. Even if you are smarter than the scout, the scout can evaluate you. Because it measures the results of judgment.”
Sirone realized why Flu introduced Baikal.
“thank you. It really helped me a lot.”
Lara clapped her hands and said.
“Now, it’s time, so let’s go eat. It’s something you want to eat anyway, isn’t it?”
Elizabeth recommended Sirone.
“Sirone-kun didn’t eat lunch either, right? Eat with us.”
“no. I will eat with my friends. Eating alone is like a privilege.”
Lara made a blank expression and burst into laughter.
“Why, why are you like that?”
As Sirone’s face turned red, Elizabeth covered her mouth and laughed.
“As expected, numbers do not reflect reality. It’s so different from what I imagined on paper.”
“excuse me… … what do you mean?”
“I mean it is pure. If you become a wizard, you will know what the real perks are. Come on, let’s go.”
Following Scout out of the conference room, Sirone ate lunch in a restaurant exclusively for employees.
Since it was a place I had used often before, my tension was relieved quickly, and I was able to get a lot of information from Elizabeth.
Just then, the restaurant door burst open, and a man in uniform appeared, looked around, and immediately approached Sirone.
“What are you doing here? Do you know how many I found?”
Shirone, who was frightened, put down the tableware and said.
“Oh, sorry. I will go back now.”
As I was about to get up, the man shook his head and said.
“Don’t go there, go to the 18th floor.”
“yes? The 18th floor?”
The man’s voice became noticeably quieter.
“The president of the association wants to see you.”
—————————————

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-613.txt
=============YYYYY=============
[613] The Hottest Place (2)
* * *
Cirone, who went up to the 18th floor of the Magic Association, walked down the hallway recalling old memories.
Nothing much had changed, but the atmosphere was a bit more solemn, probably because the owner of the association had changed.
I arrived at the president’s office and knocked, but there was no answer.
I couldn’t open the door first, so I waited, but an employee came and said.
“Go in. The president of the association is currently in a meeting. You’ll be right back when you’re done.”
“yes.”
I slowly opened the door and entered Rufist’s room.
Befitting the nickname of the great wizard of steel, equipment and ornaments were made of iron.
Considering how the element of omnipotence works in magic, it was natural.
Sirone sat on a chair, rubbing her palms impatiently and waiting.
Two hours after that, the door opened and Rufist and Chief Secretary Jane entered.
It was only natural that Gaold and Gangnan overlapped in his eyes, and the first impression was that he was much colder than them.
“hello. This is Ariane Sirone.”
Rufist passed by Sirone indifferently and said.
“I am out.”
I didn’t know who I was referring to, so I was standing there, but Jane closed the door and left.
“Sit down. Is it spherical?”
It was Sirone who was aware of Lufist’s gaze in the plaza.
“yes. I am honored to have called you.”
“You don’t have to. Because I know you’re on Gaold’s side.”
Although they carried out their mission in heaven together, they did not exchange emotions like allies with Gaold.
“No, to the side… … .”
“Yes, Gaold has no side. Because I want to do everything by myself. But it’s true that you’re closer emotionally to Gaold than to me.”
If you already understood everything, Sirone didn’t have to explain.
“Are you confident about this graduation exam?”
“I will do my best. I will definitely become a wizard.”
It was an answer that seemed to have been memorized, but in front of Lupist, his voice had no choice but to gain strength.
“You think I am your enemy.”
“Isn’t that so?”
As he had already had a fight with Gaold, he didn’t flinch even in front of the president of the association, and Lufist also raised his eyebrows.
“Maybe it could be. You’re on Gaold’s side, and I’m the president of the association, who has to play a power game with countries around the world. The moment the Association embraces you, Tormia will be checked by the powerful nations.”
I had already expected it, but when I heard it from the head of the association, my stomach burned.
“I will not be taken advantage of. I will decide my future.”
“Of course it should. But none of the choices are free. They choose between red and blue and think they are free. I don’t even know who came up with the red and blue colors. That is the system.”
The part cannot outperform the whole.
“Isn’t that why you called because you have something you want to say?”
Sirone’s voice rose in front of the unpleasant truth.
“Let’s make a deal. I guarantee you maximum freedom. Also safety.”
It wasn’t a bad suggestion.
“What do I have to do to get it?”
“Fail early in the graduation exam.”
“yes?”
“Of course, you must be trying to find a solution in your own way. But nothing will be as easy as my suggestion. drop out It’s also inconvenient. It is to expose to the whole world that you are in fact an insignificant human being. Of course, some people know that it’s a show, but humans believe in what they see anyway. That alone will significantly remove the risk factor.”
“But if that happens… … .”
“I will guarantee everything after that. I will give you a wizard license as well as a public recognition by reporting it to the king. Then you just have to join the association and work for the kingdom. I also reinstated Fludo and Isabelle. You won’t have to worry about your treatment.”
If you fail the graduation exam, you get everything instead.
“Choose well. If you accept my offer, that’s it. It’s a test or something, you just have to go home, get a good night’s sleep, pack your things and come up. I assure you, no matter how well you perform in the graduation exam, you will not be treated as well as this.”
The fact that Lufist’s words were true broke Sirone’s heart.
“You are definitely a ticking time bomb that can cause world tragedy. But if it’s going to explode anyway, it’s natural to want to keep it by your side and take care of it. And I have the ability to manage. Only if you help me a little.”
It was to fail the graduation exam badly.
“I will refuse.”
Rufist was not surprised.
“The reason is?”
“You said that no choice is free. I don’t think so. Wouldn’t choosing nothing be another option?”
“It negates the whole thing.”
“Then I will fight the whole.”
Rufist leaned back in his chair and half-closed his eyes.
“… … Do you think you have a chance?”
“The odds are not important. Doing what I believe is right, isn’t that what a wizard is?”
Sirone wanted to become a wizard.
“If you mean it then you can’t. If you change your mind, don’t hesitate to drop out. Graduation exams haven’t even started yet.”
“yes. Thank you for caring me.”
Shirone went out the door without showing a disheveled attitude until the very end.
“Whew.”
As I stood in the hallway and sighed, I finally felt reality.
‘Was it a good thing?’
If I messed up the graduation exam, I would feel even more miserable, but no matter what the result was, I would have no regrets.
“Are you done talking?”
The chief of staff, Jane, approached.
“yes.”
“Then go to the annex on the first floor. There will be a dinner party starting at 5:30.”
She didn’t ask anything.
“thank you. Let’s go.”
After confirming that Sirone had turned the corner, Jane went into the office of the president of the Association.
Just by looking at his expression, it was clear that the negotiations had broken down.
“You said it wouldn’t work.”
Rufist put his chin on his chin and muttered.
“The single surpasses the whole. Is it possible?”
Jane turned to the door.
“He’s an Ultima.”
“But Gaia failed.”
As Lufist stood up, Jane’s head returned.
“What are you going to do? He is a talent worth losing to other countries.”
“There is no need to rush. It is a difficult food to digest. It’s not bad to watch for now.”
Rufist approached the door and turned to Jane.
“I should have started by now. A video recorder?”
“I installed it without blind spots. No major accidents will happen. If you have any thoughts.”
“Where can I see you?”
“Go to the central control room and tell me. But what are you trying to do when you see the students playing?”
Lufist raised one corner of his mouth.
“It’s been a long time since I’ve come here, but it’s sad to let go.”
* * *
Although the name is an annex, the association building is so large that even with all 150 students inside, the center is empty.
Under the light of hundreds of chandeliers, delicacies from all over the world shimmered.
Some ate and some enjoyed it, but most of the students representing the kingdom’s prestigious schools were concentrating on engaging in an invisible war of nerves with students from other schools.
In the midst of the complex entanglement of emotional arrows, the one that received the most arrows was, of course, Alpheas Magic School.
“Is it true that Mr. Baikal is going to Kreas this year?”
“I heard that too. He’s been in charge of the Royal Magic School for over 10 years.”
Rumors spread quickly, and students who did not know began to glance at the graduating class of Alpheas Magic School.
Among them, it was none other than Pony that drew the most attention.
“My lady, I have prepared a banquet dress. Please listen to my request. A party with the same clothes as nobles.”
‘bothered.’
The attendants dispatched from the royal castle surrounded Pony, so it was almost impossible to know where she was standing.
“Stop going back. I attended as a representative of the magic school, not as royalty. There are no privileges.”
“My lady, it is not something that can be denied just by denying the lineage of the royal family.”
Even so, it is only a weak bloodline that is far from power succession.
“Why do you put dirt on a noble body? If you want, I will call the president of the association right now and ask for a top-notch wizard license.”
Pony looked back at the attendant as if she was pathetic.
“All wizard licenses are the same.”
“Then I will instruct you to make a separate one. This is the highest quality certificate fit for royalty. You will love it.”
Knowing that the attendant was sincere made me even more annoyed.
Talking to people who live in a reality beyond reality made me feel like an idiot myself.
‘I don’t rely on lineage. I will become the best with my own power.’
Alfred Pony (#11 in the graduating class).
Specialty: Torrent class of water magic.
Peculiarities: Royal lineage.
“Haha, annoying.”
Feeling a headache, Pony moved quickly, and the attendants rushed after her.
“In a sense… … A little pitiful.”
Maya, who was watching with a glass of wine, murmured.
“Because there is nothing as unfortunate as a predetermined destiny.”
When I turned my head to the voice I heard next to me, Caden was standing there.
It seemed like this was the first time he had ever spoken to her in school.
“Good night, Maya. Shall we toast?”
Maya stared at the trembling liquid in the glass Caden held out.
“Why are you so nervous? My hands seem to be shaking.”
“okay? I don’t know.”
I said so, but when I started to be conscious with my head, the trembling intensified.
“weird. I think I’m shaking… … .”
“What are you talking about? Why would I shake my hands?”
Maya pointed to the glass at Kayden’s vibration as if he was holding a glass and shaking it.
“It’s overflowing with alcohol and it’s pouring.”
“Strange. I don’t know.”
“… … .”
Maya looked at Caden not even paying attention to the glass, and awkwardly raised the corner of her mouth.
“That, yes. Then have a good time.”
And immediately turned around and left the place as if to run away.
‘You have a strange personality. are you kidding me I don’t want to see them in the future.’
Cayden, whose tremors had stopped, put down his glass and smiled sadly.
“also… … Isn’t that the Red Cross?”
“Sounds like a red cross and fell asleep!”
Amy pinched Caden’s side.
“ouch! What, all of a sudden?”
“Now I see you, you were completely innocent. If you treat me like that, what woman won’t see you as crazy?”
Cayden grumbled as he rubbed his sore side.
“Why are you meddling in other people’s affairs? You know it won’t work anyway.”
“Let’s start with the premise that you are normal. what are you doing, go fast Apologize to Maya for being a prank.”
Cayden’s gaze found Maya alone in the crowd.
“really… … will it?”
“What are you proposing to? And don’t take alcohol. How to look good without even drinking one drink… … .”
“Okay, I’ll try.”
Taking a deep breath, Caden approached Maya again.
“excuse me… … .”
It was only after looking into Maya’s frightened eyes that I was able to realize the reality.
“Sorry. It was a joke earlier. Just to talk to you.”
Maya’s face immediately brightened.
“Aha, somehow! i thought you were weird It was fun though.”
When the horror he imagined didn’t happen in reality, Cayden found confidence.
“Are you ready for the test?”
“huh. something feels good The advice I received from Iruki in the first half was very helpful.”
Although his magical talent was inferior, his artistic sense was a genius that even Cayden of the Red Cross couldn’t dare.
“I’m going to try my own way this time. I will hit my limit someday, but for now my goal is to graduate.”
The future of the mysterious tribe was in Maya’s hands.
Mystery Maya (28th in the senior class final rankings).
Major: Song of sound magic.
Characteristics: The possessor of natural omnipotence when it comes to singing.
“okay. You will definitely pass.”
“huh?”
Maya asked back at the conclusion, but Cayden answered in his heart.
‘Because I’ll be by your side.’
—————————————

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-614.txt
=============YYYYY=============
[614] The Hottest Place (3)
“It’s a nice sight.”
said Fiord, who was sitting at the party table with Fisho.
At school, he is known as a gloomy person who wears a robe and enjoys evil games from beginning to end, but he was dressed neatly today.
People who didn’t know him probably wouldn’t have even guessed that his major was poison among poisons.
“Kaden will be graduating this year.”
It was Fishaw who learned that Kayden was the president of the Female Human Body Research Society while participating in Scramble Royale.
But now the golden ring has been dismantled, and Cayden is preparing to go out into the world.
If it wasn’t for the master of the judge, he would have been strong enough to enter the final 10th place, but Fjord was also a strong man who had never missed the top ranks.
“It doesn’t matter, Caden or something.”
Fjord cut his wrist with his sharp thumbnail and dripped blood into his glass.
“… … What kind of poison is it?”
“Kedrapusa.”
It is a plant that only grows on a small uninhabited island floating in the equatorial sea, and it was the main ingredient of a poison that even an elephant would die within a minute with a drop of the undiluted solution.
After swirling the glass around, I tasted a sip, and it was so thrilling that my tongue twisted.
“Geuk, this is the taste.”
“Your body is poisonous.”
“The human liver is a huge chemical storehouse. Once you adapt, even poison can become medicine.”
But most of them couldn’t adapt, so they called it poison.
“Eat a lot of good things. Everyone’s liver will melt during the graduation exam.”
Roscas Fjord (9th place in the senior rankings).
Specialty: Deadly poison class of toxic magic.
Special note: Genocide magic that does not discriminate between friends and family.
“excuse me… … .”
A female student from Vermin Magic School approached.
With her hair up, the dark circles under her eyes were exposed, and her lips were purple.
“A fjord?”
The bottom of toxic magic is narrow, so even Fjord knew who she was.
“Windia, the Witch of Corruption.”
She nodded her head expressionlessly.
“okay. if… … Is that Kedrapusa the one who got drunk a moment ago?”
“however?”
Windia showed emotion for the first time.
“You deciphered Kedrapusa?”
“what… … I’ve been eating it since I was born.”
The Rothkas were a family that developed chemical weapons of war under the kingdom’s approval.
Windia, who was blinking, asked cautiously.
“Can I have a drink?”
“However much.”
When Fiord suggested, she gently raised her glass and put her tongue on it.
“Huh!”
The moment my tongue touched it, a stimulus that seemed to melt away hit my brain.
She also trained her liver with numerous poisons, but this was not tolerable.
“Wow, that’s really cool.”
Crawling out from the edge of death, she repeatedly exclaimed.
“I’ve never had such delicious poison in my life.”
“I’m glad you like it.”
Looking at the wound on Fiord’s wrist, Windia licked her lips and grabbed her hair.
“Would you like to try mine too? It’s Taro Pascal.”
With a groan, the hair broke off in the middle.
“Taro Pascal?”
It was a poison that caused the skin to rot.
Fiord, who rubbed his hair and arranged it neatly, put it in his mouth and chewed it.
“Hmm, this… … .”
“how is it?”
“Well done. Although it is a little boring.”
If Kedrapusa was a stimulating food to Fjord, Taro Pascal was a vegetable side dish.
“Isn’t it? I want to synthesize something here.”
“Put in the juice of the Pustan mushrooms. Then the decay time can be reduced… … .”
As the two men discussed poisons continued, Fishaw let out a long breath and left.
At that time, when he was wandering around because he had no place to rest, a student from the Royal Magic School cautiously approached from behind.
“Sahyung, it’s been a while.”
He was a priest who studied with Francis Caylor, an authority on insect magic.
“okay. Did you prepare well for the graduation exam?”
“It’s not particularly important to me. Master emphasizes the achievement of learning rather than the result. But I think you made a big decision this time.”
Fisho tilted his head slightly.
“What are you talking about?”
“They tell me to stop graduating and come back. You have been around too long.”
The priest took something out of his inner pocket and handed it to me.
“You have given permission.”
A dark red parasite was wriggling in the transparent vial.
“then. See you next year in the capital.”
The priest walked away and Fisho put the vial deep inside his inner pocket.
‘… … I must graduate.’
Maranoff Fisho (24th place in the senior class).
Major: Insect Magic Evolution Acceleration Class.
Special note: Kaylor’s apprentice.
As the day got darker and the party came to fruition, clashes began to break out one by one among the students who had been fighting a war of nerves until now.
Being a student at Alpheas Magic School was no exception, and while the students of the Royal Magic School were looking for food, they began to argue with Suabi.
“Hey, you. How high are you in school?”
Suabi, who is not very sociable, hesitated when she saw the students who were arguing with her.
“What does it matter? Move. I hate talking to you.”
Suabi, who was trying to escape by detour, was blocked by a student with a height of more than 2 meters.
“You don’t want to tell us what we did? You’re just asking.”
“It’s 18th. okay?”
I tried to spit it out and pass it by, but it felt like a black wall was blocking it because it was so big.
“haha! Middle rank on the subject of only utility magic? What did I say, I said it was a hoax from Spirit magazine.”
The students of the Royal Magic School believed that the reason why Scout Baikal was taken away by Alpheas Magic School was because of Vice Principal Olivia.
Thanks to the teacher’s council, he was a person who once served as the principal of the Royal Magic School, so he had no choice but to notice.
“Hey, hold it straight. No matter how much you run and run, you can’t keep up with the Royal Magic School’s toes.”
Suddenly, Suabi’s eyes widened.
Even if the mental unity was perfect, it would affect the test if students from other schools were suppressed from the momentum.
“Oh oh! Did you see that I just glared at you? Is this scary?”
“Hey, you guys. Do it in moderation.”
When the students who had been confining Suabi looked back, Screamer stood crookedly with his hands in his pockets.
“What are you?”
“Do I need to tell you? From what I’ve heard, it sounds like you’re memorizing Spirit Magazine.”
Hyde Allen, third in the ranks of the Royal Magic School, walked.
“I watched the kids playing in the water below as a way to pass the time. But I can’t even remember your face.”
“Suabi, come this way.”
The screamer ignored it and beckoned, but the big student didn’t get out of the way.
“If you are confident, why don’t you come and take me? Crawl between my crotches and you won’t do anything nasty.”
The graduating class of the Royal Academy of Magic burst into laughter.
“Ha, really… … .”
If you have the personality of a screamer, you should overturn it right away, but the time is right, so I walked with patience.
“Suabi, let’s go. You don’t have to worry about these lesser bastards.”
“The lesser one?”
“It seems that the tension has eased after eating 20 passers-by raw, but that’s not the case with us.”
“ha ha ha! of course. That’s the difference between a royal school and an ordinary school.”
“I heard that you guys have 3.8 times lower average abilities than us.”
The giant’s eyebrows twitched at the words that hit the pinnacle of his qualifications.
“Do you think you would believe that nonsense? It’s a hoax.”
“i think so too. It looks like it took another dot from the magazine. Looking at your twists, I think it will be at least 38 times.”
“This bastard!”
A large student grabbed the screamer by the collar and pulled him.
“I’m afraid they’re teasing me carelessly for having a magic control device, but you’re not even close to one fist.”
“okay? You can’t even lift me?”
“what?”
The tall student looked down and realized that the screamer’s feet weren’t off the ground yet.
“this… … !”
I gave more strength, but the screamer didn’t move as if it was stuck in place.
‘I remembered. that guy… … .’
Before Allen could speak, the screamer grabbed the giant by the collar.
Due to the height difference, I had to stretch my arms the highest, but the difference in height was reversed in an instant.
“Keep!”
When the screamer pulled the gigantic body by the collar, it fell down as if a hole had been pierced in the ground.
The moment the giant, kneeling down on its knees, lifted its head in disbelief, a fist flew, creating tremendous wind pressure.
“Ugh!”
pop! The fist stopped right in front of my eyes as the sound hit my eardrums.
Even the tall student couldn’t help but recall the sight of the suit sleeves curled up while eating the spin, tightly pressed to the arm.
‘Bookmaker Screamer.’
After gathering his fists, the screamer twisted the giant’s hand, which was still holding on to his collar, and pulled it off.
“I know it hurts your pride, but if the royal family is poor, the royal family should take care of it. None of the kids at my school have the mind to care about the likes of you.”
Logan Screamer (final top 10 senior class).
Specialization: A bookie of photon magic.
Special Note: After completing the fighting spirit Pyroker’s Tekken Project, it is possible to hit a deadly blow.
“How dare these see us in the water!”
All the students of the Royal School of Magic stood up and rushed at the screamer.
Then, Alpheas Magic School also rushed in without losing and matched the numbers.
In the end, the party atmosphere became vicious due to the conflict between the two schools, and the remaining three schools only watched the situation seriously.
“Let’s try it, what is it? Not to be arrogant that the local villagers gave me a little lift!”
The electric monster lichen viciously tore its mouth and pretended to come in with both hands.
“Puhahaha! All of a sudden? Okay, if you’re confident, go for it. I will make you the greatest idiot who died before the graduation exam.”
“joy! Do you think we don’t have schema users? If it weren’t for the magic control device, you would be wiped out today!”
Maya stomped her feet at the rising high pitched voice.
“It’s a big deal. We shouldn’t fight today.”
Cayden said, gently blocking his way.
“are you okay. Nothing will happen.”
At least Maya would.
“Come out now! Are you just having a bout today? Shall we see who is the best in the kingdom?”
At the provocation of the Royal Magic School, Fermi came to the scene in delight.
“That’s right. In that sense, I suggest a fun game… … .”
“Fermi, you shut up!”
Everyone who knew Fermi shouted.
“Never think of interfering!”
Fermi makes a mess of everything.
“Hmm, it’s a magical power control device.”
Dante, who had taken a seat at a nearby table, was thinking while passing his glass, when a man with curly red hair down left and right approached from the royal side.
“Long time no see, Dante.”
It was Curtis, who once competed at the Royal Magic School.
“Were you there too?”
“Haha, there’s no need to pretend you don’t know. You’re all in the spirit anyway.”
“Do you think I will look at that magazine?”
A year ago, Dante was fed up with interview requests coming in from all directions.
Curtis, who was silent for a moment, regained his composure.
“You know what I regret most about graduation? I mean, I never got to see you in the royal palace.”
“Did you hear that graduation is absolutely possible?”
“of course. I’m not proud of it, but it’s number one in the Royal Magic School.”
I was proud.
“You are number two. It seems that even the world’s Dante has its limits revealed.”
Who would have known that Dante, who was once regarded as the best talent in the kingdom, would be defeated by an unknown named Sirone and lose the top spot to a long-term returning student named Fermi?
“Well, it could be. If you are confident, try drying it.”
Dante pointed at Fermi with the glass in his hand.
‘Huh, my pride was hurt. This is the price for ignoring me, Dante.’
Judging so, Curtis walked to the scene.
“Everyone, stop.”
As the students on the royal side fell silent at the appearance of the first ranker, Fermi turned to Sabina and said.
“saw? Even if you’re the same first place, the treatment is different.”
“I know that? You are the best when you are quiet.”
Curtis came over and shook hands.
“I apologize on behalf of the Royal Magic School. let’s stop here There’s nothing good about making a fuss at the association, right?”
Fermi joined hands.
“I would love to, but as you can see, our school has a tradition of ignoring first place.”
“Are you going to try to the end?”
“no. It’s for someone who will be able to speak.”
“Who is that? Dante?”
“Here he comes.”
Fermi pointed with his hand, and all 149 people turned to the door.
“what? What’s the mood like? Aren’t you having a party?”
Sirone was blinking with an innocent face.
—————————————

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-615.txt
=============YYYYY=============
[615] The Hottest Place (4)
Ariane Sirone.
The names that were already imprinted in the minds of the students flashed.
A person who has been introduced in Spirit magazine since he defeated Dante in the 2,000 matchup.
When such a prospect suddenly gave up on the senior class evaluation, it became a hot topic in schools across the country.
“what’s the matter? what happened?”
Iruki and Nade approached Sirone’s question.
“Where are you coming from now? You waited all day.”
“Sorry. The president of the association called and came to meet me. Because you came late… … .”
“The president of the association?”
The students started to mumble.
So, does that mean that you have been meeting with the president of the association alone?
It was hard to feel good that only one sirone was called at a gathering of 150 people.
However, as Elizabeth said, if meeting the president of the association was considered a privilege, she had no future as a magician.
“Why did the association president call you?”
Curtis came to represent the students.
His eyes were full of dissatisfaction, and he couldn’t find the relaxed expression he had a moment ago.
“Why should I say that?”
It was a very personal matter, and since the proposal of the president of the association was rejected anyway, there was nothing to worry about.
“Hey, since when did Alpheas Magic School become so arrogant? Do you trust the Vice Principal and install it?”
After hearing Curtis’ words, Sirone was able to grasp the atmosphere in the hall.
“No matter what, let’s not fight. There’s nothing good about losing energy before an important exam.”
It was the right thing to say, but it felt like a loss for the Royal Magic School, which was already offended.
– Inform students
Lufist’s voice was heard from the ceiling.
‘It’s started.’
The broadcast continued while Fermiman smiled meaningfully.
-As the president of the association, I am proud to see you guys, who will be carrying the future of the kingdom, happily getting along.
Students checked the video recorders installed everywhere.
I knew it was installed for security, but I never dreamed that the president of the association would be watching.
‘But they say they’re proud?’
It means that the students were already anticipating the conflict.
-In that sense, we prepared a special event.
The students waited for the words that would lead to them with nervous expressions.
-At the place where you are, there is a certified magician’s license hidden.
Dozens of eyes scanned all directions.
– Of course, the name is not listed. So it means that the person who has it is the owner.
Sirone’s eyes hardened.
It was a fact that only Sirone, who had interviewed him, knew that it was not an event prepared from the beginning.
‘It’s an event that snipers me.’
-Those who have obtained an official license should go to the registration office on the 7th floor of the association. From that moment on, the student is a certified wizard and an employee of the Magic Association.
“A staff member of the Magic Association?”
To call it an event had a sense of severity.
-Then let’s have a good time. more.
Amidst the coexistence of the desire to crawl on the floor and find a license right away and the need to be so miserable, someone said.
“Well, let’s have a party first. You don’t have to turn on the lights to find it, right?”
“that’s right. Whoever gets caught wandering around gets lucky. It’s a simple event. It’s like a prize draw.”
If you think about it like that, it doesn’t seem like a big deal again, but the only word left in my head is the official wizard license.
As expected, when the students scattered in all directions, Iruki slapped Shirone on the side and said.
“What happened? Can you talk to us?”
“It is as you think. The current event, in fact, was proposed to me. I declined.”
“Hmm. Love-hate or caring? It’s pretty complicated.”
Nade asked.
“What do we do? Even if you pretend it’s not the other kids, they’re already searching everywhere. Shall we find them too?”
“You can do it according to your own judgment. But I won’t.”
The wizard Sirone dreamed of was not like that.
“For now, watch. I’m sure they didn’t make it easy to find.”
The atmosphere of such a bizarre event was ripe.
Few students were openly looking for it, but it was not uncommon to see most of them pretending to enjoy communion while lifting a plate or rummaging under the table pretending to pick up something.
‘does not exist. Where the hell are you?’
No matter how large the annex was, there were a lot of people, so the place that could be seen with the naked eye was confirmed in an instant.
“I can’t find it either.”
Iruki said.
“If the current event is unplanned, it means that the students hid their licenses after they came in. If so, I can raise roughly two possibilities. First, it was hidden by magic. Second, it was hidden through outsourcing employees.”
The students around me were startled and hovered within a certain distance.
It wasn’t Nade who wouldn’t notice, but he didn’t care.
“If you’re a Servant, you can remember all the movements of outsourcing employees.”
The current number of staff helping the party was 23.
“As far as memory goes, none of the employees did anything to hide anything. Of course, I can’t confirm that it moved from a blind spot.”
“Maybe the employees don’t have it?”
“I cannot deny the possibility.”
‘It’s an employee!’
The students scattered all over the place and talked to the outsourcing staff.
“Do you have any licenses? Or something was handed over. Be honest!”
The staff members shook their heads in bewilderment, but the students persisted in their questioning.
“Don’t do that, give me a hint! Is it like a password? Can I just say the keyword?”
Iruki, who was watching their commotion, said.
“This president of the association is not normal either.”
If there’s one thing that can emotionally drive the best students in the country, it’s probably the magician’s license.
“I couldn’t have entrusted it to an outsourced employee. It was hidden by magic.”
From this point on, Sirone’s voice became quieter and Iruki and Nade became conscious of their surroundings.
“that’s right. The staff never left the annex, and were never replaced with someone else.”
Nade asked.
“There was no blind spot?”
“of course. I’ve been watching you from start to finish.”
If it was Iruki, he would still be there.
“But how did you hide it with magic? The magic control device is activated.”
Sirone said.
“That’s the hint. Rufist is testing us.”
“This bastard! Don’t go away! This seat is mine!”
“I said I came first!”
Voices began to rise from all sides.
“At first, you can take it indifferently.”
Iruki turned his head to them.
“But when I see other competitors moving, I get nervous. What if he finds the license? Even though it’s actually a 1 in 150 chance, I feel like I’m being robbed.”
said Nade.
“Because the human pleasure center takes other people’s failures more stimulatingly than one’s own successes.”
“It’s a crowd control method used by politicians. Once the number increases, you can’t stop from then on. The will of the individual is swept away by the whole, and only the desire not to hand over success to others is at work.”
The value of the part is absorbed into the whole.
“I don’t like it.”
Sirone glared at the video recorder installed in the corner.
You seemed to be saying that you too are just slaves to the system.
“Annoyed by the topic from the province!”
Eventually, a fist fight ensued.
“You bastard! You hit first!”
The party quickly turned into mayhem as it led to clashes between schools.
“haha. Kuck.”
Fermi, who was leaning against the wall and watching, licked the corners of his mouth.
“It’s such a beautiful night.”
Those who understand and use the system.
“The license is mine!”
“shut up! Anyway, I’m supposed to join the Association!”
The one who got eaten by the system.
“stop.”
Sirone clenched both fists.
“I mean stop!”
Who opposes the system.
-You don’t even know who came up with the red and blue colors.
And the meta system reigning over that system.
‘I have to stop somehow.’
Rufist’s intentions no longer remained in the minds of those who fought.
Sirone shook her head, concentrating on entering the Spirit Zone.
‘As expected.’
The magic control device distracts concentration by diverting some of the specific brain waves when a human is concentrating.
Therefore, it was a bizarre situation where only the spirit zone could not be entered even in situations where one could think.
In front of technology that could make magicians look like ordinary people, Sirone opened her eyes and contemplated the world as a whole.
‘Jikji!’
When the Ultima System was activated, the information from the Magic Control Device was disassembled and permeated into the smallest units.
‘wow… … .’
I felt like I was standing in the middle of a world where the endless melody of information was vibrating like a skipping rope.
After channeling her consciousness through the gaps that change in real time, Sirone finally reached the point of focus.
“Everybody close your eyes!”
Above Sirone’s head, the sphere of light was compressed at a terrifying speed, and the friends who had already experienced it closed their eyes tightly.
‘Shining Impact!’
When the flashing, huge white light exploded, the landscape of the annex was erased as if it had returned to nothing.
“Hoo?”
As light emanated from all the monitors illuminating the annex, Lufist, who had been resting his chin on it, raised the corner of his mouth.
“Because I am Gaian… … .”
At the same time, the lights on the monitors were turned off and the surprised expressions of the students were captured.
“What, what?”
The students who had stopped fighting looked back at Sirone one by one.
“stop. What are you going to do with us fighting each other? We can get things like licenses on our own.”
Reasonable words shamed the emotional ones, and soon turned into anger through rationalization.
“Who are you to tell us this and that? Do you think you’re going to be a lofty guy?”
“okay! Do you think we only fight for licenses? This is your chance to join the Association!”
Sirone spread her palms.
‘Photon Cannon!’
As photons containing mass were born and vibrated terribly, the faces of the students turned pale.
“Uh, how do you do magic?”
Those who confirmed that the magic control device was still working could not help but be astonished.
“no way… … Did you take a detour?”
Curtis, the first in the ranks of the Royal School of Magic, muttered with a bewildered face.
It’s not that a fight broke out and they didn’t try, but it didn’t make sense for a single student to break through the association’s security.
‘Nonsense! You cheated. Otherwise… … .’
There cannot be such a difference.
Sirone approached Curtis with a photon cannon in the air.
“Move.”
“Ugh!”
He was stunned for a moment, but he, now no different from a normal person, had no choice.
As Curtis slowly backed away, Sirone’s gaze descended and pierced the floor below.
‘Here.’
Through Jikji, a box that someone magically moved came through as a feeling.
‘Break through the security device suggested by the association.’
That is the minimum condition to obtain a certified wizard license.
‘That’s what annoys me!’
As Sirone gnashed his teeth and threw the photon cannon, the floor shattered with a roar.
“I really destroyed it with light.”
It was the moment when I saw with my own eyes the reality of God’s particles, which I had only encountered in magazines.
The space under the floor was empty, and Sirone reached in and opened the box to take out her license.
“ah… … .”
The students looked at it with envy and earnest longing.
‘I want to have it, certified wizard license.’
It was also a qualification that guaranteed to be assigned to the Magic Association.
‘Lupist, this is my answer.’
Sirone, who presented her license to the video recording device, cast multiple beams using Elysion.
Puff puff puff puff!
The license was twisted and eventually shattered as the three small bezels struck the object in the middle.
“what… … !”
While the students were fascinated by the absurd situation, Sirone glared at Lufist and scattered the fragmented certificates in the air.
The video recording device was staring at it expressionlessly.
—————————————

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-616.txt
=============YYYYY=============
[616] The Hottest Place (5)
It happened unconsciously, and it could be said that Sirone’s decision was decisive.
After reaching the magic that gives mass to light, the ability to bypass the magic control device, and what he destroyed, the students realized reality.
“Crazy! Whatever it is, destroy it!”
“Arrogant child! If you were going to destroy it anyway, you could pass it on to someone else!”
Sirone looked back at the students.
“What do you gain from doing that?”
“A certified wizard! It’s an employee card of the Magic Association!”
As Rufist said, only 5 out of 150 people could get it normally.
It could be said that it was unconventional to bet one of those five cards as an event, but Sirone had no regrets.
“Then what have we been doing for a year? Did you train hard just to pick up a license here?”
“Where is the sophistry! The reason you work hard is to get results. And you tore the results right in front of your eyes!”
“It’s mine, so I can do whatever I want.”
The annex was enveloped in silence.
“The real result is to build skills worthy of the license. It wasn’t yours from the start.”
“You can’t even call it yours.”
Curtis stepped out.
“I don’t know how they bypassed the Magic Control Device, but wasn’t there some kind of transaction?”
Sirone’s eyebrows twitched.
“What are you talking about?”
“You had a one-on-one meeting with the president of the association. And you are one of the most famous students in the kingdom. Can you reveal what the conversation was about there?”
“It’s a personal thing. I have no reason to tell you.”
“No, I have now. The exceptional privilege of being a certified wizard. And only you bypassed the magic control. Surely that’s suspicious, isn’t it? It means that the current event is like a plan made only for you.”
students rose up
“okay! I said it was kind of weird! Tell the association president what you heard!”
Iruki came out.
“Sirone destroyed her certified mage license. It is proof that there was no transaction.”
“I can’t believe that either. Anyway, you made a unique result in front of the 5 most prestigious graduating classes in the kingdom. This could be an excuse for preferential treatment in some way.”
Sirone shook her head.
“It is an illusion. In this event, only those who can bypass the magic control device can obtain a license. Don’t be scared and focus properly. Currently, the security level of the annex is not that high.”
“You know who hasn’t? Now, who else has bypassed the Magic Control Device other than you? This is definitely a scam!”
“You are hurting your pride.”
A clear sound wave spread from the place where the greasy voice was heard, and the freezing magic was cast.
When the students turned their heads in surprise, Frings was floating ice crystals on his hands.
“No, no magic… … .”
With Frings’ sense of feeling and avoiding even the shape of the Spirit Zone, he was able to circumvent the current level of security.
“Just because you don’t do it doesn’t mean you can’t do it. Wouldn’t it be less dignified to dig up the ground?”
Druze Frings (22nd place in the graduating class).
Specialization: Freezing type of freezing magic.
Special note: Super sensitive senses. transformation. Head of the Hide and Seek Research Club.
Then, the students also began to take Sirone’s words seriously.
“This is the Magic Association.”
As Fermi moved his steps and raised his index finger, a fire burned at the tip of his finger.
“That means the Association is watching us. Can I stand there stupidly like that? If you don’t pass the cut-off, you won’t be able to enter the Magic Association even after you die, right?”
Those who were only focused on the certified wizard license finally realized the true meaning of this event.
‘I have to show myself to be successful.’
No matter who came first, I tried to enter the spirit zone with concentration.
However, no one succeeded until 30 seconds passed.
‘no! I can’t get into the Spirit Zone!’
It was an impossible difficulty even for Curtis, who was ranked first in the Royal Magic School.
‘I can’t do this. Three people on the Alpheas side have already succeeded… … .’
Does it make sense to say you can’t do it?
“Something is tricking you!”
Curtis shouted.
“It’s contrived and deceiving us! I’m number one in the ranks of the Royal Magic School!”
“The interpretation of truth depends on its limits.”
When Curtis turned around, he saw a large man resembling an orangutan weaving.
He was a senior conger at Alpheas Magic School.
“What are you? I’m just knitting… … !”
Curtis paused, realizing that the thread around Conger’s hand was steel.
Her movements were delicate, but the muscles in her arms twitched each time she bent the steel into a new pattern.
“Whoa, just threading? Don’t think common sense is all you know. It sounds like delusion to some.”
The wire twisted grotesquely between Konger’s palms, creating a beautiful rose pattern.
Vic Conger (6th place in the senior class finals).
Major: Casting type of steel magic.
Special note: special alloy ductility that remembers its shape.
As Alpheas Magic School succeeded in concentrating one by one, the students’ faces turned red.
‘What the hell is this place?’
It felt like winners and losers were divided by an invisible boundary between the possible and the impossible.
“Did you take a detour too?”
Arin nodded at Canis’ question.
“huh. It’s not a very complicated structure, but it’s not so simple that anyone can do it either. Still, there are quite a few successful people in our school. It’s not like I’m revealing it.”
Her menarche passed through all of the friends who had successfully detoured, and stopped at the one made up of a network of light.
“I’m sorry.”
Everyone turned their heads as Dante gave a bang and put down his glass.
“Give up concentration that doesn’t work, and think about how you guys are being treated. Even as an association, it is the scout’s own right to evaluate us. Why don’t you value your values a little more?”
Curtis growled.
“Then you haven’t been doing anything yet, have you? Do you think it will look cool if you say it that way?”
“At least it doesn’t look pathetic. Unlike you fools, I know what to fight for.”
“What to fight?”
At the same time as Dante entered the Spirit Zone, a 7-fold magic circle with 7 concentric circles was born.
“The security of the magic control device currently in operation is the old-generation method using multiple substitution cryptography. You can unlock it as long as you understand the mechanism.”
The cords that rotated in different directions stood tall and disappeared with a glow.
-warning. warning. An unauthorized informational attack occurred in the first floor annex.
The warning lights flashed, followed by a broadcast by the association guide.
-Level 3 security device has been disabled. Please check with the person in charge as soon as possible. I’ll say it again. The current level 3 security device in the annex on the 1st floor… … .
The students who heard the broadcast opened their mouths in a daze, and Amy raised her ax eye and approached Dante.
“You madman! What if we hack into the association’s security facility!”
“It doesn’t matter. I guess I was expecting this anyway.”
Dante was so annoyed.
“It doesn’t matter if you guys fight among yourself, but don’t make me cheap by arguing too. If you want to evaluate me, you will have to go through the due process.”
It was a message to the meta system who was enjoying this situation.
“cheap? Cheap?”
Curtis glared at Dante’s back as he walked away.
“wait. Apologize to everyone for what you just said.”
“apologize?”
Dante turned his head.
“You insulted all of the 5 most prestigious graduating classes in the kingdom right now. If I can’t get an apology here, I won’t back down either.”
Pandora shouted as the flames blazed in Curtis’ hand.
“You are laughing! You guys touched me first!”
It’s an inexcusable fact, but Curtis didn’t back down.
There is no way I can take the exam completely with this state of mind at the point where the graduation exam is just around the corner.
Above all, it was only natural that the honor of the school would fall to the ground if he, who represents the kingdom’s most prestigious family, went back like this.
“I apologize. Unless you want to ruin everything.”
If you make a mess through the use of force, there will be no school that benefits mentally.
It wasn’t Dante who didn’t know that fact, but that’s why he couldn’t do anything good for others.
“Nope? It’s self-employed.”
“You bastard!”
As Curtis increased his firepower and charged, several students followed.
It was a magical battle on a different level from a fistfight.
“Everyone calm down.”
At the same time as the flame magic was fired, Eden opened his arms.
‘Saint Barrier.’
As the curtain of light spread around her, the magic instantly dissipated, and even pushed all the students in front to the wall.
“Keugh! What, what!”
As many as 100 students were stuck between the St. Barrier and the wall, unable to move.
‘Eden… … .’
Students from other schools were surprised by her defense that transcended common sense, but those who knew her paid attention to her magic of a different nature than before.
‘I changed the battery to wide-area defense.’
Her absolute defense ability works through her strong omnipotence of believing in God, but the concentration of magic to protect only herself also played a part.
Giving up one of the two pillars that make up the Absolute Barrier was unconvincing, but Sirone, who competed directly with her, instead smiled.
‘You’ve grown, Eden.’
He decided to break his ego and become a true messenger of God and preach love.
“How do you do this! I won’t be able to move!”
Saint Barrier was cozy and warm, but powerful enough to be impenetrable by any magic.
“Violence is not good. Let’s settle it peacefully.”
Candler Eden (ranked 25th in the graduating class).
Specialization: Wide-area protection of defensive magic.
Special note: Powerful omnipotence based on faith.
“Damn it! Release this quickly! Who are you to teach us!”
“Aww! it’s annoying!”
A student’s cry was clearly transmitted to the monitor in the central control room through the video recording device.
“It has been decided.”
As Lufist stood up, Jane, the chief secretary, who had arrived at the moment the magic control device was released, asked.
“Isn’t that a lot of fun? They are still immature in judgment and action.”
“The weak will be weeded out anyway. Besides, isn’t that really the case? Someone is already making professional judgments and actions.”
“The problem is that they are all Alpheas Magic School students.”
When evaluated by student standards, the graduating class of this year’s Royal Academy of Magic is by no means low.
However, the root of the problem was that the senior class of Alpheas Magic School was unprecedentedly outstanding.
“Anyway, that’s interesting. I mean Ultima.”
Rufist looked for Sirone on the monitor.
“If information is dismantled as a single entity, the cryptosystem itself is powerless.”
“How about the highest level of security?”
“It’s no use. Because all information is equal in front of Ultima. Humans and insignificant things are the same, and high school mathematics is not differentiated from children’s arithmetic.”
“… … They are the most difficult to control.”
“It seems impossible. So it is dangerous.”
Jane looked back at Rufist as he left the door.
“How are you going to party?”
“Calm down and send it. Because the festival is over.”
The door is closed.
“How long do you think you can keep us tied up?”
The annex was a mess due to the profanity of the students.
“Just let the magic dissolve! You guys are dead to me today!”
As dozens of students poured out their criticisms, the listeners also began to get feverish.
“These… … .”
Just as the closer was about to leave, someone shouted from the rear.
“Because I really want to see you!”
Puff puff puff puff!
Above the heads of all the students of Alpheas Magic School, the effect of utility magic exploded in a fast rhythm.
Where the surprised students turned around, Suabi was standing with her eyes wide open.
“Does a person look easy because he always smiles?”
Puffup! pop! Pupperpuppung!.
The students stared in awe at the sight of utility magic being cast in a cycle as accurate as a machine.
“Suabi is angry… … .”
Winner Suabi (18th in the final ranking of the senior class).
Major: Multi-buff series of utility magic.
Special note: High-speed cross force battery replacement using a superhuman sense of rhythm.
Everyone admired with the same expression whenever they felt the ability strengthened through the buff.
‘It’s awesome. The cross force has become faster.’
Only then did Eden take Saint Barrier, but none of the students moved.
Looking at the 30 kinds of buffs that go into all 29 people, I couldn’t bear to fight.
“how is it? If we want to see each other, can we loosen the bolts too?”
Fermi finally came forward as a representative.
“Keugh!”
Watching the senior class of Alpheas Magic School gather, Curtis lowered his head helplessly.
The figure of 3.8x is not an exaggeration.
Some students shed tears of resentment, but, again, they had no sympathy for Fermi.
“Remember. Because we are the protagonists of this year’s graduation exam.”
The hottest spot was determined.
—————————————

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-617.txt
=============YYYYY=============
[617] Decisive Day (1)
The faces of the 30 graduating class who left the capital and arrived at Creas by magic circle were majestic.
“Have you seen the facial expressions of the royal guys? It was a complete F*cking face. So why are you arguing? Saying you won’t even be able to find it.”
“I didn’t know it when I only looked at the numbers, but looking at it now, there is a clear difference in level.”
“Thanks to our hard work.”
Competing with top-notch students meant pushing their potential beyond their limits, knowingly or unknowingly.
“Still, I’m glad I won something before the graduation exam. It gives me some confidence.”
The competition is fierce, but the skills built up through hard work did not go anywhere.
While each spoke confidently, Collie, who led them, gradually darkened her expression.
By the time they arrived at Alpheas Magic School, it was already past midnight, so tomorrow was the graduation exam.
“good night. See you in the morning.”
After the roll call, the students dispersed, but Colly said.
“Could you give me a minute?”
The students turned around with puzzled expressions.
I had taken the graduation exam under Collie for several years, but this was the first time.
As the students, who met each other’s eyes, rushed in regardless of their ranks, Collie gestured for them to sit down comfortably.
“I’m sorry at such a sensitive time, but there is something I really want to say today.”
“Where is that word? How much has the teacher suffered in the past year?”
A benevolent smile appeared on Collie’s always calm lips.
“You guys are the ones who have risen to this position by building up your skills step by step from the lower class.”
The students focused with their eyes shining.
“That means that there are no people here right now who don’t like competition or who go to school just to be a wizard.”
It was not a graduating class that one could come up to with a complacent spirit.
“That’s why I want to ask at this point.”
Collie struggled until the end and spat out.
“Can’t we just give up on wizards?”
In the silence, the students had many thoughts.
It was because they, too, are human beings who know fear and feel pain when it is difficult.
“As I watch you shine today, I wonder what you are doing. The most important thing in the world is happiness. Will these children be happy? Every day we fight, compete, envy, and be jealous. Do you want to become a wizard even if you do that?”
For the first time in his life as a teacher, he revealed his inner thoughts.
“Competition is a pyramid built with human flesh and blood. All it takes to raise that pyramid is the body of a loser. Step on it, step on it, step on it, and only one can get to the top.”
Only 10 out of 30 can pass.
“Even if you pass, it is not the end. The misery of the losers needed to rise to higher ground will increase exponentially. that’s why i say The seat at the top is so bright and splendid, but the probability of you being there is so slim. Don’t just try to win, can’t you just stop looking for happiness?”
No one said a word, but the eyes of the students were burning like never before.
‘Yes, there’s no giving up in your dictionary.’
If he was a person who needed sympathy, he would not have been able to come up here in the first place.
‘I guess I should retire too.’
As the head teacher who manages the iron rules of the senior class, the fact that she uttered such weak words was evidence of her old age.
“Even so, if you don’t give up… … .”
It was something I could say because I watched the whole year with my own two eyes.
“Fight and win! No blood, no tears, no sympathy! Don’t be generous, trample on your friends and go up!”
If becoming a wizard is your only happiness.
“You must become a wizard!”
“yes!”
The students’ voices echoed through the night sky.
the next morning.
The first day in a year of doing nothing came back.
Some students woke up a little later to recover, and some students woke up earlier than usual.
“Huh.”
Of the 30 students who woke up, Nade was the only one who could stretch.
‘hungry. Do you serve breakfast today?’
As the day approached, the thought that came to my mind was that it was the most refreshing thing to give away a mage’s license.
“huh?”
While I was washing my face and wiping my face, I saw a letter that came through the crack in the door.
“what?”
Nade’s face wrinkled as he draped a towel over his shoulder and identified the sender.
West family.
Nade threw it away as if he had touched something terrible, but eventually picked up the letter again and opened the envelope.
What were you expecting?
No, even though the expected situation had come true, anger soared in my heart and I couldn’t control it.
“An evil woman!”
Nade tore the letter into pieces.
“Come now, what kind of a stranger do you come!”
She is a mother who does not even pay attention to whether her son has talent or not and only talks about money.
‘By the way, you’re attending the graduation exam?’
It was now that Ned was about to swallow everything he had accumulated so far in exchange for pain and despair.
‘It’s better trample on hope You will fail as soon as the test starts. No, I will die! In front of your eyes!’
“Nade, are you in?”
Nade hurriedly changed his expression at Sirone’s voice, pushed the piece of letter under the bed and opened the door.
“uh. come in.”
Iruki was also there.
“How are you feeling? Tomorrow is the exam.”
“Of course I am happy to fly. But what happened? I was about to leave soon. Didn’t they serve you breakfast today?”
“Junior. Before that, I wanted you to try this too.”
Sirone took out a piece of paper from her bosom.
“I made a bet with Iruki. Get grades 1 through 10 on the graduation exam. Whoever wins buys the food.”
On the paper, the predicted rankings of Shirone and Iruki were written, and the first place was, of course, their respective names.
“Aha, that’s why the winner lives.”
“You participate too. You can also make new resolutions.”
“Hmm, from 1st to 10th.”
After thinking for a while, Nade came to the idea that if his name wasn’t written down, Sirone and Iruki would notice.
“I won’t. I thought it would only add to the burden if I did it for nothing.”
This was the reason Sirone suggested it.
“Nade, you can’t… … .”
“haha! don’t worry. I can’t be the only one who stays in school when you guys graduate. I’m going to go to the bathroom I’m going to the restaurant first. My stomach hurts.”
Sirone sighed and turned around.
“okay. Let’s talk later.”
Nade, who was watching his friends leave, called to Iruki right before the door closed.
“Iruki.”
“huh?”
“Speak well so that Sirone doesn’t get hurt… … .”
“no. you do it I don’t know what you’re thinking, but if you disappoint Sirone, I won’t see you either.”
“Iruki… … .”
“It doesn’t matter if you drop out. It’s not bad to lose one competitor. But do you know If you beat Sirone, you’ll be number one in the kingdom. You will gain wealth and fame. Why are you doing this?”
You will gain wealth and fame.
A father who spends all his money on gambling and a mother who doesn’t appreciate talent in the slightest would do the same.
“Think calmly. What will help your life. You can’t do anything if you’re obsessed with hatred.”
Nade, who smiled bitterly, trembled.
“haha! What kind of jokes are there? Honestly, how do I beat Sirone? They say how strong Sirone is.”
“Are you serious?”
Nade’s smile hardened as Iruki looked serious.
“You really think so? Do you think you’ll never win no matter how hard you try?”
“Iruki, I’m just having fun with Sirone… … .”
“Answer me clearly now. If you go back and attack me later, then I won’t stay still.”
Nade bowed his head.
“Look, you think you are stronger. then fight Both Sirone and I tried our best. If you come out like that, you ignore our efforts.”
“Iruki, what are you doing? let’s hurry.”
Sirone’s voice was heard from the hallway.
“I will definitely answer.”
Nade raised his head as if he had made up his mind.
“Sirone is stronger than me. I will never fight Sirone.”
“… … See you at the restaurant.”
Iruki closed the door.
* * *
After breakfast, Sirone broke up with her friends and went for a walk in the garden.
On this day a year ago, I passed through the steel gate to meet Amy and Seriel.
However, when he became the main character, he finally understood how nervous they were at the time.
‘It feels like there’s a piece of iron in my chest.’
Faced with her second test this year, Amy must have been fighting the tension even more fiercely.
‘Because the pass rate for repeat students is the lowest.’
As it was a test that mobilized everything, it was possible to analyze even the situation in the restaurant.
Only 2 out of 30 skipped breakfast. It was Richard and Amy from Alchemy.
‘Richard can eat something else instead of food, but… … .’
If Amy didn’t come to the restaurant, there was a high probability that the tension was hitting the limit.
‘Should I go?’
Sirone shook her head.
It was impossible to care about a friend even if he raised his concentration to the highest level.
“but… … .”
Amy was not a friend.
* * *
Amy tried not to attach special importance to skipping breakfast.
After putting in my best effort, I achieved a much higher growth than last year, so there was nothing to be nervous about.
‘Concentration. Let’s concentrate.’
After washing her body, she sat on the bed feeling refreshed, calmly closing her eyes and raising her concentration.
‘I need to feel the self-image memory more closely.’
The competition rate of the graduating class was the highest in the history of the school, and one minor mistake could ruin another year.
“Huh!”
Amy, who ran to the bathroom with her mouth covered, threw her face into the toilet, causing all of her gastric juices to flow backwards.
“Wow! Wow!”
Even though nothing came out, the inside was turned upside down, and the anxiety that had been suppressed until now exploded all at once.
failure. failure.
Only bad thoughts came to my mind.
‘Calm down, you idiot! If you’re nervous, it’s over!’
“Amy, are you in?”
Amy, who turned her head at Sirone’s voice, couldn’t bear to open the door and asked.
“uh. what’s the matter?”
“I haven’t eaten breakfast, so I’m worried.”
“ha… … .”
I should have gone to a restaurant instead.
When the door opened, Sirone noticed Amy’s pale face and said with a surprised expression.
“It’s not good either.”
“haha! It’s not like that. It’s just because I vomited.”
“… … .”
Realizing her mistake, Amy looked away.
“I feel bad. It’s nothing, don’t worry about it.”
When Sirone’s foot crossed the threshold, Amy sat down on the bed as if giving up.
“Honestly, it’s a mess. I don’t know why I’m doing this.”
“I fully understand. I would have been nervous too.”
It was only after hearing those words that Amy remembered that Sirone also had an exam ahead of her.
“Sorry. I just made you worry.”
“What are you talking about? Not just friends… … .”
I didn’t say it out of my mouth, but it was a fact that I already knew.
Otherwise, I wouldn’t have come this far with the most important test of my life in front of me.
‘Come to think of it, you really waited a long time.’
Last winter, at the Inn in the Snow Crystal, he remembered how he ignored Sirone’s feelings.
“Can I sit down?”
The future is unknown, but the current question was definitely suggesting another possibility.
When I thought so, my heart raced like it would explode.
“huh.”
A shy voice leaked from Amy’s lips.
—————————————

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-618.txt
=============YYYYY=============
[618] Decisive Day (2)
* * *
In Richard’s room, where various mechanical parts were rolling around in a mess, a mechanical sound was heard.
It was quite eerie to see mirrors installed everywhere and servicing one’s body with tools, but it was something that had to be done one day before the graduation exam.
The lid was open from the right chest to the side, and the core power organ attached to the heart glowed red.
The detached right arm was caught between the two legs, and after waxing, he grabbed the forearm and attached it to his shoulder.
Following the sound of the machine scratching an itch, the five fingers wriggled like octopus legs, and the ball bearings in the elbow part rotated, performing movements that are impossible for humans.
“Hmm.”
Richard was satisfied.
‘Next is system synchronization.’
When I closed one eye and adjusted the brain waves, a blue light shimmered inside the machine-made iris.
Numerous measurement information changed in real time in the blue field of vision as if submerged in water.
Richard’s father, Einka Marto, was the owner of Ainka Pension, the second largest alchemy foundation in the world, and the director of the BioRobotics Lab, a strategic weapons development department under Valkyrie.
The fact that the immediate family members of such families were willing to commit themselves to experiments with a less than 30 percent chance of success was indicative of the family’s tendencies.
Even implanting a mechanical device in the brain had less than a 4% chance of success, but Marto did not hesitate to open the eldest son’s skull.
‘Hehe, we have a lot of brothers.’
Having remodeled 35 percent of his body at the risk of his life, what he gained was the trust of the Foundation’s board of directors and biologically impossible powerlessness.
‘Clike fix.’
As I extended my right arm and entered a command, a cross mark appeared at the final point where my fist was aiming.
‘Activate battle simulation.’
The scenery in the room turned into a forest, and numerous monsters jumped out from between the cover and ran towards Richard.
‘Equipped with a flame magic stone.’
The elbow joint was greatly shaken.
The magic crystal used by Richard was not a disposable product sold on the market, but a special product of Ainka Alchemy, and it was a state-of-the-art material that mass-produced ‘Essence of the Spirit’, which is only 17 in the world.
‘launch!’
As the right arm repeatedly moved forward and backward with a hollow sound, a virtual fireball burst out and knocked down the monsters.
‘Replace the Magic Stone. chill.’
The elbow spun with a chiming sound, and this time sharp ice spikes shot out.
The automatic location tracking function calculated the current coordinates and acceleration of the monster and selected the target to hit first, and Richard just had to shoot accordingly.
After annihilating 200 monsters, the mission end signal appeared and an analysis chart appeared.
There were 3 monsters that approached within a radius of 20 meters, and the click error rate was 0%.
‘Disable battle simulation.’
Richard raised his eyebrows as the dense forest disappeared and returned to the scenery in the room.
“Perfect.”
Ainka Richards (Seventeenth in the senior class).
Major: Engineering in alchemy.
Special note: 35% of body modified with alchemy technology. The next head of the Ainka Foundation.
* * *
Amy and Sirone sat side by side on the bed, silent for a while.
“… … .”
The reason your heart beats just by being next to you is probably because it’s a special day.
‘Whatever the result… … .’
Today, the possibilities they dream of become a harsh reality.
“Can I pass?”
Aimee, who has never left someone else to judge for a moment, but I really wanted to hear it this time.
“of course.”
It was the same with Sirone that even if it was a lie, she needed confirmation.
“You did your best. Think of the days we worked hard.”
“But that’s all the same. If you fail here… … .”
One more year to fight.
No, can we really fight more?
“I have no confidence. I’ve worked hard, so I want to leave it to the will of heaven… … That doesn’t work.”
“Amy.”
Sirone grabbed Amy by the shoulder and turned her back.
“You are not inferior to anyone in your senior class. I can vouch for it.”
“really?”
“okay. you are one of the best students Take a hard look at yourself. No matter how fierce the competition is, as long as you don’t make mistakes, you can pass.”
Listening to Sirone’s words and thinking about it, it was definitely so.
I analyzed the graduating class for a year, and if you take the exam normally, you will definitely get good grades.
“Sirone.”
When the tension disappeared, it felt like I could see Sirone’s face for the first time.
‘What will happen to us in the future?’
Sirone read Amy’s eyes and said.
“We are us. No matter what the outcome is, my heart won’t change.”
Even if both of them pass and move on to a wider world, only their hearts will reach.
“huh.”
The world seemed to close its eyes at her small voice, and Sirone slowly brought her face closer.
“no way… … mi.”
The sound was muted, and Amy lifted her chin gently.
Just before a monument is erected in the history of the two as they become close enough to feel each other’s breath.
‘Wait, I was a little while ago… … .’
Amy’s eyes flashed open.
“Sirone, wait a minute. Time for now.”
“uh? huh?”
Sirone, who was completely leaning on Amy, hurriedly backed away and blushed.
“Why, why?”
“that is… … It seems to be in trouble right now. in fact… … .”
When Amy pointed to the bathroom with her gaze, Sirone realized too belatedly.
“Ah, it was.”
From a woman’s point of view, the first kiss after vomiting would be a truly terrible memory.
In an embarrassed atmosphere, Sirone slapped both knees.
“Hmmmm, I can’t.”
Unable to hide her disappointment, Amy, feeling remorse, hurriedly added:
“It’s not because I really don’t want to do it. Really. therefore… … .”
“I know. I’m fine too.”
As Sirone smiled and comforted her, Amy lowered her head shyly and looked at her.
“Go now… … Shall I brush my teeth?”
Sirone, who was staring at Amy’s cute face, couldn’t hold back her laughter and collapsed onto the bed.
* * *
No one in the 30 thought they would be eliminated tomorrow.
No matter how the rankings of the senior class were decided, surprises do happen, and everyone had prepared a trump card to pass.
“A strategic alliance?”
In the garden behind the graduating class building, Binder, Suabi, and Luman were having a private conversation.
“okay. You guys are utilitarians. My suggestion wouldn’t be bad.”
Binder, who hosted the meeting, said while touching his horn-rimmed glasses.
He barely managed to pull up in class two, but he was an excellent theorist who received 100 points in theory in the advanced class and a perfect score in the senior class battery implementation evaluation without difficulty.
“As you know, I got perfect marks in all classes of basic magic. However, it is true that there are no special advantages.”
Suabi and Luman also listened to the coldly analyzed words.
“But with your help, my balance could be your best weapon. It means that if Suabi’s buff is focused only on me and Luman’s crowd control ability creates a situation, I can compete with anyone in my senior year.”
Elcrass Binder (20th place in the senior class final).
Major: A branch of magic analysis science.
Special note: Master of 36 types of prescribed magic designated by the association.
“Hmm, that makes sense.”
While Suabi took it positively, Luman snorted.
“Do you honestly think it makes sense? That way, in the end, only you benefit. If you go into high competition, the team will eventually break up.”
Luman had gained more weight from binge eating for a year, but his head was still spinning fast.
“Maybe it is. So I’m going to make a suggestion. If a situation arises in which one of the three of us has to drop out, I will be the first to give up.”
This time, Luman had no choice but to think a lot.
“Hmm, instead of monopolizing the utility, it seems that you will take the risk as well. But how can I believe you?”
“There is no way to prove it. You can write a side contract if you want, but even that won’t give you 100 percent confidence.”
“That’s right. What if you hit the back of the head?”
“That will never happen, but then you will be branded a coward for the rest of your life. Not a bad suggestion for you guys anyway. The current contract is possible because each other’s shortcomings are perfectly complemented.”
Binder would be the only one in the senior class who would ask for utility even while claiming to be eliminated first.
“I will.”
Suabi raised her hand first.
“Out of the six events of the graduation exam, four events are affected by interpersonal combat power. From my point of view as a utility, there is nothing to lose by working with Binder. Because we are strong in the remaining two events.”
“If I add to that, it will be perfect.”
If Binder and Suabi had already made a decision, Luman would also drive them to maximize the synergy effect.
“good. Let’s make a team of three. But there is a condition. The next person to be eliminated after Binder is Suabi. If that doesn’t work, I will give up this negotiation.”
It was a selfish remark, but Luhman’s ability to control crowds was absolutely necessary as he could turn the tide of war in an instant.
“good. I’ll do the second one. But to be clear, this is a strategy that we try on the premise that all three of us pass.”
“don’t worry. Because I’m the only one who has crowd control in my senior year. Whether it’s 15 to 15 or 1 to 29, I’ll take control of the situation however you want.”
Podran Ruhmann (16th place in the senior class).
Specialty: Crowd control series of trap magic.
Special Features: Gluttony. Excellent situational judgment skills.
“good. Then you run like this. Let’s make sure that the names of the three of us are included in the successful applicants tomorrow.”
As the sun went down, all 30 graduating class members completed their preparations for the ultimate kill.
* * *
The morning of the graduation exam day was bright.
The students were waiting in their rooms to be called, and in front of the large Colosseum, where the graduation exams were being held, scouts from all over the world, students from advanced classes, and parents of the final exam participants had already arrived and formed a sea of people.
“Scouts, please enter first and take your seats!”
When the person in charge opened the west door, a group of 287 scouts dispatched from 65 countries under the Red Line moved forward.
Most of the parents gathered here were the best people in the kingdom, but the eyes of the scout who would analyze the future of their children contained the earnestness of parents.
Knowing that fact, scouts only faced the front or disappeared, reviewing pre-received student profiles.
“The years are free. That troublemaker is already taking the graduation exam.”
A man who looked exactly like Iruki got off the dazzling carriage.
All of the parents fixed their eyes on the appearance of the leader of the dragon, the Mercodyne Albino.
“It’s Mr. Albino.”
It was quite shocking that he, the brain of the kingdom, was personally observing.
“The fact that Mr. Albino came… … if?”
“Where is that word? Iruki had so many accidents.”
When Iruki’s mother got off, the eyes focused on him in a different way from an albino.
It was Magellan Arganes, an incredibly beautiful woman in her mid-thirties, the best actress in the kingdom.
Humans resemble gods, but Arganes is a woman who represents the kingdom of Tormia in terms of beauty, to the extent that it has become popular to say that Arganes is more beautiful than the gods, and her name is already known worldwide.
“It is a goddess.”
Everyone agreed with the words of someone who had forgotten the face of an aristocrat and spat out inadvertently.
“I never thought I would see Arganes in person… … .”
For parents, today was a historic day.
—————————————

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-619.txt
=============YYYYY=============
[619] Decisive Day (3)
“I’m unlucky.”
When everyone was fascinated by Arganeth, only one woman let out an unpleasant thought.
It was Ned’s mother, Teria.
“What are you laughing at about being good at meeting your husband and having a good meal?”
Ugly Husband Ballroom stopped his wife.
“stop. Other nobles will listen.”
“why? Do you know how embarrassing it is? Ugh, what crime did I commit in my previous life to live like this? That woman lives on a lot of money.”
Ballroom’s face turned red.
“Today I am proud. It’s Nade’s test day.”
“Even if my children were well-behaved, I wouldn’t live like this. How expensive is school tuition? If you don’t pass today, I’ll get you a job at any factory… … .”
“stop!”
When Ballroom, who had reached the limit of his patience, shouted, the nobles around him turned around, but Teria, who had only evil left, did not blink an eye.
“What are you talking about doing well? Do you think there’s a guy here who makes less money than you? If you want to shout out loud, just earn a penny and do it!”
Ballroom just shut up.
No matter what she said, nothing good would come out of Teria.
“Oh, the couple is fighting over there.”
Amy’s mother, Isis, said, crossing the arms of her husband, Shakora.
“You can be sensitive. It’s the day when your child has an exam. I just pretend not to know.”
Isis felt the tension in her husband’s voice.
“Are you okay? My face is hardened. Are you worried that Amy will fall?”
“If you fall, you fall. That his own skills are only that. I’m just worried. Because Amy is the hardest right now.”
Karmis’s red face is a special talent that others envy, but when this situation came up, I felt bad because I felt like I was putting a needless burden on my daughter.
“It’s been a while, Shakora-san.”
Iruki’s father, Albino, came along with Arganes.
“yes. How have you been?”
As Shakora politely bowed her head, the albino turned to Arganeth and said,
“Greetings. This is Mr. Shakora of the Karmis family, Mr. Isis, the hostess.”
Arganeth bent her knees with a beautiful smile.
“I have heard of fame. My name is Arganes.”
“Ho-ho-ho! Of course you know. You are the most famous actor in the world. Please sign me later!”
Embarrassed, Shakora cleared her throat.
“sorry. Because her wife is so cheerful.”
“Oh, no. I am also a fan of Isis. How sad that you retired so early.”
Albino changed the subject.
“How is Miss Amy? Do you think the preparation went well?”
“From what I observed during the vacation, it seems that I have reached my goal. But the outcome is unknown.”
“Hehe, you are too humble. It’s Karmis anyway.”
“How is Iruki-kun? I heard that you are very talented.”
“That guy is messed up. I’ll probably do all the stupid stuff on my own and then I’ll go crazy. He came running from the capital to make fun of me when he failed.”
Arganes inflated his cheeks.
“What’s wrong with my son? Even if he only looked like me, he would be the best man in the world. Anyway, the Mercodyne gene is too strong.”
No one would think of Arganes when they saw Iruki.
“by the way… … .”
The albino looked around.
“Could Sirone-kun’s parents have arrived?”
“Ah, you know Sirone.”
“Everyone knows. The only time Iruki talks to me is when he’s talking about Shirone. It made him rethink his son’s sexual orientation.”
“Oh, that would not be it. It’s a little hard to say this, but I think our daughter has an eye for Sirone.”
“Honey, something I’m not sure about… … .”
“Huh, hearing that makes me even more curious. Who is the boy who stole the heart of the youngest daughter of the Karmis family?”
Shakora turned her gaze to find the Ogent family.
“Since Sirone is a commoner, I heard that he is receiving support. The woman over there is Miss Reina, the third daughter of the Ogent family.”
The four of them found Reina, but couldn’t find anyone who looked like Sirone’s parents.
“Ugh! Really, why are you so late?”
Just as Reina checked the time and stamped her feet, the Ogent family’s carriage arrived from afar.
Sub-butler Temuran opened the door and Vincent and Olina appeared.
Seeing the crowd of nobles, Reina approached them with pale faces.
“Welcome, Father. Fortunately, you are not late.”
“thank you for the invitation. But is it really a good place to come… … .”
“What are you talking about? Sirone is taking the graduation exam, and of course you have to come. Participants will be entering soon.”
A sleepy voice was heard from inside the carriage.
“what? They have already arrived.”
Reina raised her ax eye and shouted.
“hey! Since you went to see your parents, when are you coming back now? You almost went in without even seeing Sirone!”
“Anyway, I wish I had come on time. Anyway, nagging… … .”
Lian got down with a large sword mounted on his back.
Blue hair, sharp eyes like blades, and a perfectly trained body had an aura that overwhelms people just by looking at them.
‘Sirone… … .’
Lian looked up at the top of the Colosseum, which would determine Sirone’s future.
‘You really did it.’
It was thrilling to feel that a situation that was unimaginable even when I took the oath to become a knight came true.
“uh? Isn’t that young man’s big job, the Ogent family? Looks like the youngest son, Lian, is here.”
“They call me Mach’s swordsman. It seems to be getting quite a bit of attention among swordsmen.”
When the nobles recognized Lian, Reina subtly bent her pointing finger.
“You seem to have worked hard though, does anyone recognize you?”
When I first said that I was going to train as a knight, I really thought that I was sending a younger brother.
“I don’t care about reputation. If it hadn’t been for the Sirone graduation exam, I wouldn’t have come home.”
“This is very! When I asked him, he made fun of my family!”
Rayna kicked Lian’s thigh, but it felt like hitting a rock.
“ouch! Did you wear armor under your pants?”
Lian looked at him pathetically.
“When the hell is your sister going to grow up? I need to kill my temper, so who will take me with me?”
Tears welled up in Reina’s eyes as she rubbed her toes.
‘Now I’m trying to defeat my sister by force. It’s sad, really.’
It seemed that the good times of pampering the youngest by pulling on his ears were over.
“Then, are you going to leave again after the graduation exams?”
“I have to leave. My life is just beginning.”
“You are very busy. Where are you going this time?”
“of course… … .”
Lian turned to the school and smiled.
“This is where Sirone goes.”
* * *
A loud bell rang in the dorm hallway.
“Graduation exams are about to begin. Participants, please go to the Colosseum.”
“Whoa!”
Sirone’s eyes widened as he was sitting cross-legged.
Although I stayed up all night, my mind was the clearest in a year.
The mental strength that was consciously and unconsciously prepared for today has reached its peak.
‘This is the beginning!’
Sirone jumped up and went out into the hallway like someone who would never come back.
It was such a perfect determination.
At the same time, students rushed out from all directions.
Iruki and Nade nodded to Shirone as they walked down the hallway.
He is a friend that cannot be exchanged for anything in the world, but we had to have no conversations for a while.
“Here are the seniors of the senior year!”
Upon arriving at the Colosseum, parents flocked to see the grandeur of their proud sons and daughters.
“Mother, Sirone is coming over there.”
“Ughhh!”
When Olina cried as soon as she saw her son, it was Raina who was rather embarrassed.
“Mother, why is that? The exam hasn’t even started yet.”
“no… … I don’t know just tears… … .”
It was so complex that I couldn’t explain it.
“Still, please be patient. You can’t let Sirone get weak.”
Olina hastily wiped away her tears and pursed her lips.
‘mother. father.’
Sirone looked at her family waiting at the south gate.
‘Sister Raina. and… … .’
Standing there was Lian, who reliably guarded them.
‘You’re back.’
In a perfect state of mind with no distracting thoughts, Sirone’s head was only making factual judgments.
As I turned my head with a cold expression and entered the Colosseum, Lian raised an eyebrow.
“You prepared properly.”
Reina thought the same.
Even when she was humiliated in the Kingdom of Kazra, she had the appearance of being young, but her eyes from a moment ago were no different from those of the formal wizards she encountered in society.
“Parents, please enter through the east gate! Advanced students are the west gate!”
Following the guide’s command, the crowd gathered in front of the Colosseum was sucked into the building in an instant.
The participants who arrived in the waiting room were relaxing according to their know-how, and not a word came out.
“Whoa.”
Sirone also put on the 2,000 number bracelet given to her by the staff, took a deep breath, and waited for the time to come.
‘It’s been a while since 2,000 times.’
The large coliseum built according to the red line standard was equipped with a state-of-the-art 2,000 times device and the synchro rate was 100%.
It is no different from actual combat when the power coefficient of magic accurately impacts the mind.
Nevertheless, the reason why the 2,000 times system was used was that the condition of the participants could be checked numerically, that physical damage could be minimized even in the midst of deadly magic, and above all, for the safety of the spectators.
“We enter the Colosseum in 10 minutes.”
Hearing the guide’s words, a thrill of a kind I had never experienced before stirred up my stomach.
Ten minutes passed at the fastest pace of my life, and the door to the Colosseum opened.
‘let’s go.’
Sirone, number 27, was at the back of the line, but the shouts of the leader made it clear that it was a different world.
“Everyone, cheer us on with applause! We are proud students of Alpheas Magic School!”
“Waaaaaa!”
It was like a shower of sounds.
Under the sun, the air shimmered in a golden light, and the crowds of people in the audience were tangled together and could not be distinguished.
“Everyone stand up!”
As the students lined up in a row, principal Alfeas stepped up to the podium.
“I salute everyone who made it this far.”
During the opening speech, Sirone looked around the audience.
Advanced class students and their parents, teachers were seated on the opposite side, and scouts from around the world sat in the independently separated VIP seats.
‘This is the graduation exam.’
The six items evaluated in the graduation exam were interpersonal combat, special moves, hill occupation, magical power management, tactical strategy, and self-control survival.
The 4-to-2 ratio suggests that Redline puts a little more weight on Combat Strength when evaluating mages.
After Olivia’s explanation, the last event, the reading of the oath, began.
“one! We are children of intelligence! one! We never give up under any circumstances!”
In the midst of exhilaration, Sirone couldn’t even hear her own voice.
‘at las! at las!’
From the time he crossed the fence of Alpheas Magic School when he was 12 years old to today, his journey passed by like a kaleidoscope.
“I will start the graduation exam from now on!”
Thirty students were placed in a circle along the inner walls of the Colosseum, 15 meters apart.
Six events were engraved as roulette on a huge hologram that completely covered the sky, and the pointer system in the center began to rotate rapidly.
From the moment the event was decided, 2,000 times were activated, and Sirone prepared to enter the spirit zone by unfolding the sequence ceremony at the highest speed ever.
‘Person-to-person combat. special move. Occupy the Highlands… … .’
After tracking the events with my eyes, the indicator finally stopped.
“Wowaaaaaa!”
Shouts shook the Colosseum, and as if a switch had been turned on, everyone’s eyes, including Sirone’s, emanated the eyes of a beast.
‘This is the beginning!’
Alpheas Magic School Graduation Test 1st evaluation item.
Self-survival (enemy annihilation).
—————————————

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-62.txt
=============YYYYY=============
[62] Invisible (2)
“Have you thought of anything?”
“Let’s set up a psychological trap.For example, in this way.”
Shirone brought his friends together and explained the operation.Ned and Eruki were silent when they heard the story.added Cyrone, who had lost a little confidence.
“It’s not necessarily this way, but if you do it, won’t the odds go up?”For example, if you want to use a keyword…….”
Iruki shook his head.
“No, Shirone, I think it’s all right.It’s not enough, it’s definitely going to be a successfully.This is quite mysterious.This way we can use the presentation as a double track.”
When the overall picture was drawn, Shirone’s party began to work out detailed strategies.
“That’s the rest of the question.How can I make a ghost?
The technical part was Ned’s major.When he got up from the sofa and tried the lightening shadow, another nade made of an electrical afterimage appeared.
“This way, you can create a real ghost shape by demonstrating a lightening shadow.But no one would be fooled by this much.For now, I can’t move.”
“Then I’ll think about it from there.What should I do to make the ghost’s shape move?”
“This is what comes to my mind right away.For example, if you want to get the Lightning Shadow to work, you can use magic at a tremendous speed.”
Ned moved on with a series of lightening shadows.Although disconnected, the afterimage seemed to be walking.
“Well, you can use an optical illusion to make it look real, right?”
“Yes, but magic alone has its limits.Moreover, I can’t increase the number of people at my level.”
Please enable JavaScript
asked Shironet.
“How about using a mechanical device?”
“It’s not as easy as it sounds.Even if you’re making a device, there’s a lot to consider.The biggest problem is that people don’t fall for just moving.If you really want to look like a ghost, you have to be responsive to external stimuli.”
For Nade, who has built hologram devices, it is not a problem to implement ghost visions.But if you don’t respond to people’s behavior, you’ll soon notice that it’s fake.
said Iruki, who was struggling with something.
“People’s reactions……how about predicting in advance?”
“You’re predicting the reaction?”
“It’s about introducing the theory of complexity.They analyze and program all the public behavior patterns.It’s as if you’re getting feedback, but it’s a huge amount of information.We need a medium and a control device to communicate information.”
“Hmm. It’s information.There is indeed a limit to my electricity.Then… Ah!”
Ned looked back at Sirone.
“Photon output! There was a photon output from Sirone!”
“Aha. With photon output…….”
Shirone thought there was a possibility.Although it is a magic trick learned to take a targeting test, I heard that in the cutting edge of the magic society, research on transmitting information through photon output is in full swing.
“Now you’re in order.Ned makes a hologram device.I’m going to make a program to fit in the device.It’s the photon output of Sirone that sends my program to the device.You’ll probably need a lot of power. Can you do it?”
“I must do it,”It’s an opportunity that I got.”
It was a ray of light in the dark.Ned was thrilled just to have hope for what he thought was impossible.
“I can do it.I can keep the research group.Of course, on the assumption that there will be no accident.”
“If you succeed, the school will be overturned, right?
“I don’t think so,”It’s going to be a mess.I’ll try to hang it here.Besides, I think it’s going to be a lot of fun.Hahaha. I’m already looking forward to the teachers’
Shiro’s party looked back at each other and smiled meaningfully.At the risk of the existence of the supernatural psychological science research group, an unprecedented event in the history of the magic school was about to break out.
* * *
Shirone devoted his time to enhancing the power of photon output.The key was to increase the strength of the output while increasing the retention time.Photons without mass cannot be used as attack magic because they cannot apply physical force, but this time, such characteristics have become an advantage.This is because you can go into any warehouse in Eastas and train.
Shirone increased concentration and started photon output with his two hands out.A ray of light spread round the wall.First of all, it was time.If I couldn’t withstand it for 10 minutes in this state, it was only possible to increase the output.
Shooting photon output for 10 minutes is beyond the level of the class five, but Ned’s hologram device and Iruki’s complex system equation were the same challenge anyway.
“I have to do it,”I’ll…
Shironet gritted his teeth and endured.After three minutes, I lost consciousness.At the time of the speed gun test, it only lasted a minute with a single photon output.Compared to that, it was a remarkable growth, but it still fell short of the target.
“Gasp! Gasp!”
With all my strength, I held out for 3 minutes and 20 seconds, and I had to extend this time to 10 minutes in the next 15 days.After measuring the record, I always took 20 minutes off.It was a training that could put your life at risk if you neglect your rest.
Sitting down, Shirone paid attention to the noise from the next room.Ned seemed to have entered the welding process.I decided to take a break to look at the situation there.When I opened the door of the next room, Ned was buried in all kinds of parts.
“Hey, are you here?”How long is the output time?”
“Well, I’ve increased it by twenty seconds.What about you?”
“As you can see, I’m still working on the engine.”
“Can you make it on time?”
“Don’t worry, I’ll have to guess.Originally, prototypes take time.It’s hard to correct errors in the production process.That’s why I’m taking the time to be meticulously.
“I see. By the way, what happened to what Iruki said?”
“Oh, that one? I got it yesterday.This one.”
Ned threw a finger-thick rope at Sirone’s feet.The outer shell was made of rubber, and a quartz-like transparent membrane penetrated the interior.It was a special request from Iruki to his father, who was the head of the mine.
Since 300 holographic devices were scheduled to be installed at the elementary elements of the school, it was impossible for Sirone to test photon output on all devices alone.
At first Ned remembered the mirror.It was a method of transmitting the photon output to the mechanical device using the total reflection property of light when the syrone initiates the photon output.However, there were too many sections where light had to bend to realize it as a reality.
Ned wondered what it would be like if there were much more mirrors.It has been concluded that creating a tunnel through which light passes by attaching a mirror to a small hose can have the effect of bending light like differentiating a straight line.
Ned proudly announced the fact.He added that if he could make it, he would sit on a pile of money from that day on.
But Iruki broke the ice.My father’s letter, which arrives every month, contains various issues of magic society, because the same thing that Ned said was already introduced in his letter a few months ago.The name was “optical fiber.”
I couldn’t describe Ned’s disappointment.Even the ivory tower, which runs on the cutting edge of magic, was a field that had just been developed, so even Iruki felt sorry for it.
But when he received the goods and analyzed them, Ned shook his head.Engineering technologies that were so delicate that they could never be made at their current level were accumulated.
“But you had the same idea as the ivory tower,”Ned is really something, too.’
Shironet took the fiber-optic and examined it closely.I couldn’t tell what was great by looking at it.
“But I managed to save it.”
After the welding, Ned stood up rubbing his red eyes.
“Even the ivory tower is in its early stages, so you can’t expect its performance.Let’s give a demonstration first.There’s something I’ve made a tester for.”
Ned handed over the modified fiber to Shirone.Unlike what was shown earlier, there was a transparent bead at the end.
“What should I do with this?”
“Just grab it and start the photon output.I’ll calculate the efficiency, so try it now.Instead, you have to pour it all out.It’s important to measure the maximum.”
Shironet grabbed the crystal ball and started the photon output.The break time was over anyway, so there was nothing rough.A light source was formed in his hand, and the crystal ball shone palely.The needle began to shake in Ned’s device connected to the optical fiber.Ned, who had been watching the instrument panel until three minutes past the output limit, said in a sullen voice.
“Oh, you’re right, Iruki is right.This is an early development.Well, should I thank you for this?”
“Is it that bad?”
“It’s only 18 percent efficient.I mean, only 18 percent of the light you send will reach your destination.”
“18 percent….”
The moment he heard it, Shiro’s heart sank.In other words, if the transmission efficiency is 18 percent at a time when it is far from maintaining the photon output for 10 minutes, the output must be increased five times as high as it is now to be only 100 percent.
“Shiro, can you do it?”If you don’t increase the output, you’ll never succeed.The magical high-power energy cannot be realized even by machines.”
Shirone nodded as if he were in a ditch.
“I’ll give it a try. Practice and I’ll figure it out.”
“You can really do it, right?
“Yes, don’t worry.I’ll do something about it.Then I’ll go back to practice.”
“Really? You’re really going to do it for me.
cried Shirone, turning his head as he left the door.
“I told you!”
* * *
Shirone stretched out over the warehouse, gasping for breathless.The aftermath of the photon output for half a day went beyond the mind to the body.
“Whoo! Whoo!”
The last time photon output is 3 minutes and 20 seconds.There was no difference from the record I measured in the morning.However, it was a record that was reached while his mental strength was exhausted, so it was as good as having results.Considering that the record fell to 2 minutes and 34 seconds an hour ago, it was effective to rush at the last minute and 34 seconds.
“But that’s not enough.How can I achieve 10 minutes like this?
It may have been impossible from the beginning.In that photon output is injection-type, mental power consumption is much faster than single-acting active magic.It was only possible in the professional world to maintain such magic for 10 minutes.
“Oh, I don’t know.I’ll try again tomorrow when I’m fine.”
Ned opened the warehouse door and came in.
“Shiro, are you done?”
“Well, I can’t do it today.I need to get some rest for now.”
“I’ve only seen Spark, and I’m so tired.It’s past midnight.Let’s ask Yiruki to come back.”
Has it already become like that?When calculated, it was only photon output for more than seven hours.It was a life-threatening level of training.If the school found out about this, it would surely impose a ban on magic training.
Shironet struggled to get up.Ned’s appearance was also not a word.His eyes were hollow and his face was red from long exposure to electric light.
When I returned to the research group, Iruki spread out the bird’s-eye view of the school and was quickly playing with a pen.Considering the variables that will occur on the day of the operation, the behavioral pattern was interpreted as an equation.
Ned looked anxiously at the figure.Shironena herself, and Iruki, too, seemed to have not moved since she had her hips attached.
“What do you say, Lucky?”Can you calculate it well?”
said Iruki, keeping his eyes on the notebook.
“Don’t worry, I’ll make it in time.”
Ned was heartbroken that his excessive greed seemed to hurt his friends’ bodies.
“Was it too much to ask?”To be honest, calculating all the behavior patterns of the whole school is…….”
“I can do it,”I can do it.Don’t talk to me.I’m busy right now.”
At the end of the sentence, Yuki shut up.The formulas were writing frighteningly fast on the notebook.
=======================================

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-620.txt
=============YYYYY=============
[620] Scout Reporting (1)
– Entered the 1st stage of self-denial survival evaluation. Tier 10 monsters are randomly summoned.
At the same time as the 2,000th system was activated, the students entered the spirit zone.
‘Extreme survival… … .’
Among students, it is known as a difficult item to pick likes and dislikes, and it was a method of annihilating creatures from Tier 10 to Tier 1 listed in the Red Line Creature Encyclopedia in 10 stages.
“Gather to the center!”
All 30 people gathered at the center of the Colosseum without saying who was first, and the 2,000 system summoned creatures living in the natural environment of remote areas, such as king tarantulas, sulfuric wolves, and underground lizards, to random coordinates.
“what… … !”
The veterans of the senior year had experience in all six sports, but more than half of them had experienced self-sufficiency for the first time.
-10 Tier 1,429 creatures summoned.
The core mission is to annihilate the enemy, but self-denyingly survive.
My body shuddered as insects, beasts, reptiles, and all sorts of heinous things saturated the vast Colosseum in an instant.
“come!”
As if the earth was shaking, all creatures rushed towards the students.
“Whoops, in terms of service… … .”
As Fermi’s blizzard caused a blizzard across the radius, the remaining students cast their major magic.
For a while, the bright colors of the light that dazzled the eyes disappeared within 3 seconds of the appearance of 1,429 creatures.
-End of Phase 1. After 30 seconds, you will enter step 2.
The annihilation time given for each stage is 10 minutes.
If 10 minutes is exceeded, the next creature will be summoned immediately regardless of the remaining creatures, but if it is destroyed within the time, a 30 second break is given.
Scouts from all over the world were busy with their eyes and hands, and the scout teams of the Tormia Magic Association, Baikal, Elizabeth, and Lara also started their work.
A light came on in Elizabeth’s retina, who was wearing a bracelet connected to the 2,000 main system.
“Elimination time 3.24 seconds. A total of 23,409 magical powers. The highest number is Fermi’s 11,000 magicle, and the lowest number is Eden’s zero magicle.”
Lara’s note floating in the air unfolded, and the pen moved quickly through the writing magic.
“Hmm, 11,000 Magical.”
It was difficult to obtain students’ discrimination in the first stage of self-denial survival, but it was certainly noteworthy that they accurately controlled their magical powers.
“Entry number 1, Ardino Fermi. 10,000 units of horsepower were controlled without error.”
“Is that on purpose?”
Baikal nodded at Lara’s question.
“You know that only the highest numbers are checked in the first stage. You got attention from all the scouts in 3 seconds.”
“You have to say he’s a veteran. I got good grades every year. There are also rumors that it was intentionally eliminated.”
The evaluator combines the opinions of the analyst and the recorder to give an overall rating.
It is updated in real time, but since scouts are people too, it was more important than anything to make a good first impression.
“Judgment suspended.”
But Baikal was relaxed.
“We didn’t come just to see this much, did we?”
Upon entering the second stage, a 9-tier creature appeared.
The number of individuals exceeded about 1,000, and as a creature at the top of the habitat food chain, it was twice as large on average as Tier 10.
“Get ready!”
From leopards with sharp teeth to monkeys with sharp claws, the power of magic soared even more as wild beasts that ordinary people would not even dare to hunt charged.
The spectacle of flame and cold, lightning and light in a dazzling harmony lasted for several tens of seconds.
“Elimination time 46.22 seconds.”
“Surely fast.”
The average annihilation time of the second stage that Baikal knows was 1 minute and 32 seconds.
“A total of 76,530 magical powers. The person with the highest score is 22,000 Fermi.”
“He’s a funny guy.”
The impression of Baikal was all that.
“We are going to step 3. It will be a little different from now on.”
Starting from Tier 8, monster-type creatures differentiated from animals are included.
If the 2nd stage was simply fighting a strong animal, from the 3rd stage, it was a set of monsters that you would hardly ever encounter without deliberately seeking them out.
Aaaaang!
‘It’s crying!’
It was the monster that Sirone first grafted the god particle to the photon output, but the number exceeded two hundred from all sides.
In the sky, a grotesque Tycorn flew and groaned, and beneath the ground, a giant scorpion scorpion swung its 2-meter-long tail and moved its legs like a c*ckroach as it charged.
Blizzard was undoubtedly installed, but unlike before, only the activity was slightly weakened.
‘There’s no idiot who will fall from the third level… … .’
From a long-term perspective, it was important to manage mental power from this point when the difficulty level increased significantly, and the participants’ heads started to turn complicated.
‘Saint Barrier!’
As the students watched, the encirclement narrowed to a certain distance, and Eden’s defense shield was spread out as a screen of spheres.
“Entry number 25. Candler Eden. Magical power 30,842 magicle. Standard hardness is 307.5.”
“It’s okay. What about durability?”
“It’s 27 press per millimeters measured at standard strength.”
“Hoo?”
Elizabeth’s eyebrows twitched.
“Raises the horsepower level. 38,000 magicle. 45,000 magicle. 69,000 Magical… … .”
As the St. Barrier expanded to a diameter of 20 meters, the encirclement widened as if pushing out millet.
“Standard longitude 1,209. The standard strength is 87 press per millimeters. The horsepower efficiency reaches 187 percent.”
Generating close to twice the power with a single magical power was truly incredible omnipotence.
“Is it the omnipotence of faith?”
Baikal was overall.
“Class D. Overprotective. No matter how efficient it is, it is useless if the way of thinking is exhausting.”
Lara posted real-time ratings on Eden’s page.
“do it faster! Are you just going to watch?”
When Eden shouted, the participants immediately moved into action.
‘Sheesh! It’s not good for the evaluation if it’s too far back.’
There were some people who showed off their skills while they were on the move, and the one who showed the most spectacular action was the bookie scrimmer.
“I will destroy everything!”
The ulks vomited blood as they collapsed with each attack as they dashed between monsters with teleportation.
“Entry number 10, Logan Screamer!”
Elizabeth’s analysis began to speed up.
“Teleportation cycle 124 rpm! Obsessive Compulsive Error 0.9%! The average distance is 10 meters 3.4 centimeters!”
“Grade C. Narcissistic.”
“Participation number 4! Karmis Amy! Firepower factor 2.4! Calories 875 degrees Celsius! Aiming accuracy of 97 percent!”
“Victor Sabina, entry number 14! The rate of fire is 7.9 times per second! cut strength… … !”
The sound of scouts from all over the world analyzing the participants’ every move in their respective languages overwhelmed the audience.
“… … It’s bloody.”
Lian muttered while watching the VIP seats.
Even Reina, who was attending the magic school graduation exam for the first time, was tired of their force.
‘It’s being evaluated by people like that.’
It was the harsh reality of this world that everything in a participant was valued, not just their magic skills.
Olina, who was watching her son fight, covered her face with both hands, and Vincent, who heard sobs, put his hand on his shoulder.
‘Honey, I think my heart will explode too.’
He had his eyes on his son who fiercely developed magic.
What grade do those competent people give Sirone?
At first, they were mesmerized by the scene beyond their imagination, but in the end, all the parents’ senses are focused only on their children.
‘Sirone, is this the world you dreamed of?’
Even when I tried to raise him as the son of a mountaineer, he was a son who never expressed himself.
How desperate would you have been?
I had tears in my eyes when I thought of how much I had suffered alone to reach the top of this fierce competition.
‘God, please let Sirone pass.’
Among the numerous prayers going up to heaven, whose voice will God listen to?
“Extermination time 4 minutes 55 seconds. The total amount of mana is 323,000 magicle.”
It was at this point that the horsepower figures in hundreds became meaningless.
“The total is high for a 3rd level. Who is it, the over-faced one?”
Elizabeth’s gaze caught a boy.
“The highest number is 110,000 Magicle. Participation number 27. This is Ariane Sirone.”
Baikal’s eyebrows narrowed.
“I thought you weren’t stupid.”
I was expecting it because I was introduced to Fleur, but it was an unexpected action.
‘I have to hit and run from now on.’
At the point of passing the 3rd stage, Sirone completely lifted the tactical limit.
30 seconds passed in an instant, and a tier 7 creature appeared.
It was 870 objects, and it was reduced to a hundred units for the first time, but the ability was different from the 8th tier.
It included monsters with magical properties, such as harpies that cast sound magic and flare raptors that spew flames, and above all, had the ability to solve the situation intellectually.
Key eh eh!
As the Flare Raptor led the vanguard, self-denial survival quickly turned into a melee.
“Formation is collapsing.”
The point of self-denial survival is that participants become allies and competitors.
According to the regulations, the first test ends when half of the participants, that is, 15 people remain, so a fight to notice was also an essential requirement.
‘Broad!’
As soon as the light curtain pushed away the enormous mass, the force pushed the battery away and the shotgun movement was activated.
The eyes of the scouts were focused on the appearance of spreading photon cannons in all directions.
“The force is fast.”
Elizabeth’s attention was different.
“The horse power level has exceeded 220,000 magicle.”
“yes? Twenty-two thousand?”
Lara stopped writing and asked again.
“It keeps going up. 260,000 Magical! 320,000 Magical! 440,000 Magical!”
As if to prove Elizabeth’s analysis, the photon cannon firing continuously from the sky was devastating the ground.
“440,000 Magical.”
It was already a number that exceeded the standard of a pro.
‘Not enough yet!’
The number of monsters Sirone defeated alone reached 32% of the total, and the number continued to rise.
“Who is that student? Are you eating it all by yourself?”
Even the parents gave up on locating their children and were captivated by Sirone’s dancing.
“joy! There’s just one kid like that. Kids who can’t even run, but run in the beginning.”
Contrary to what most parents cherish, Iruki’s father, an albino, was smiling.
“Nice. I expected it after hearing Iruki’s words, but honestly, I didn’t expect it to be to this extent.”
“I see. It is still in its infancy, but so far it stands out among the participants.”
Scouts had a slightly different opinion.
“That is a little strange. What happened? It is written that he has a cautious personality… … .”
While there were those who paid attention to the visible numbers, there were also those who were puzzled by overreacting while ignoring the level of difficulty.
Baikal was one of them.
“Why did you make that choice? I said waste doesn’t get good marks.”
“It seems to be a personal matter.”
He had a vague idea of what situation Sirone was in.
“I feel sorry for you.”
Showing off power isn’t everything.
“If I was going to capture the Scout, I should have chosen another method.”
“Evaluator… … It goes higher.”
Elizabeth’s voice trembled.
“Magic level 520,000 Magicle. 610,000 magicle. 69 million… … The immortal function signal is caught! 870,000! 940,000!”
‘Nobody… … .’
Sirone gritted his teeth.
‘You can’t decide my future!’
The monsters on the ground collapsed like bugs hit by a hammer as the ignorant Photon Cannons fired at a rate of fire of up to 300 times per second.
The last remaining Flare Raptor collapsed with a snap, and Amy looked blankly at Sirone.
‘What are you thinking?’
Baikal’s expression became serious.
“Horsepower level.”
Elizabeth suddenly came to her senses.
“Ah yes. It is 1.63 million magicle.”
“… … .”
Baikal, who covered his face with his hands, frowned.
“Exactly, Sirone.”
At the same time, the corner of the mouth of a woman wearing a hood, high in the audience, rose slightly.
—————————————

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-621.txt
=============YYYYY=============
[621] Scout Reporting (2)
-Once you go back to school… … .
On the day of the end of the Sibulsangbokumae training, Miro explained the operation.
“You will have to decline the evaluation.”
“Reject evaluation?”
“It is already too late to catch up with the grade gap in the senior class. You’ll only plant bad preconceptions in Scouts. In that case, I would rather give up the evaluation and bet on the graduation exam.”
Even Sirone thought it was the right diagnosis.
“But graduation shouldn’t be the ultimate task.”
Miro added strength to her voice.
“Even if you graduate, not many associations are willing to embrace a ticking time bomb that may explode at any moment. If you want to become a mage, you have to show them that you are worthy enough to take the risk.”
There was only one strategy Miro required.
“When you think of the graduation exam as a long-distance race, you have to go full speed from the start. after that… … .”
Miro pointed to the destination and said.
“You’re going to complete the race at that speed.”
-Enter the 5th stage of self-denial survival.
Around the time the participants’ faces showed some fatigue, a Tier 6 creature was summoned.
“From now on, the dropouts will follow one after another.”
Pros of summoning magic, befitting a tier used in actual combat, the complexion of those who checked the lineup of monsters became pale.
Kreurreung!
Werewolves who are much smarter than Ulk, as well as Cerberus with three heads as large as a cow, bugbears that weigh 300 kilograms, and gargoyles with hard skin like stones, etc. It was a monster with abilities.
‘I’m sure there will be discrimination here.’
Will you work together to rise to the next level or will you save yourself until the dropout comes out?
While most of the participants were agonizing over the same issue, Sirone undoubtedly jumped out to the fore.
The strategy of tearing up the display with the shotgun movement and defeating each one with the photon cannon was simple, but the power was beyond imagination.
When the flash penetrated the bulging belly of the Bugbear, without a doubt, both feet floated and flew away, and the gargoyles that attacked from the sky were pushed back without being able to break through the wide curtain.
“The three elements of movement, attack and defense are in balance. Even though he’s an unlocker, he trained properly.”
“That makes it even more questionable.”
Baikal stroked his chin.
“It’s not like you haven’t studied self-control survival, right? I can’t finish it anyway.”
In the self-defense survival event where 15 people are selected, if even one person can finish, the evaluation standard itself will be shaken, so the association presents an impossible level of difficulty.
“yes. Starting from Tier 5, the lineup consists of creatures that pros also summon as their main focus.”
You have to fight hundreds of such creatures.
Lara objected.
“Simple comparisons are dangerous. 2,000 times is just a simulation. Even if the response is designed considering the intelligence level of the species, there are limitations. In particular, the creatures handled by the wizard move according to the wizard’s intellectual level.”
“Of course, it’s different from the actual creature.”
Baikal also acknowledged that.
“But the ability level reflected the reality. Even at Tier 6 now, at the student level, life must be dangerous. Isn’t it a reasonable judgment for the second evaluation to drop the participants as quickly as possible? What do you mean?”
Elizabeth analyzed the battle of Sirone.
“Horsepower level 2.03 million. Photon Cannon single power average 2,847 crashes. Its rate of fire is 267 rounds per minute.”
“You’re crazy.”
The words spontaneously came out of Baikal’s mouth.
“It has already far exceeded the master difficulty suggested by the Association. Particularly noteworthy, the impact and rate of fire were classified separately. But now Sirone is doing both at the same time.”
It meant that he was pouring out more than four blows per second that he thought he could pull out with the utmost concentration.
‘Is it beyond the association’s expectations?’
Lara asked, feeling that Baikal was struggling.
“Evaluator, overall review… … .”
“F.”
Elizabeth twisted herself and demanded an explanation.
“The 29 contestants are already out of my head. It means that you are not properly grasping reality.”
“But Sirone’s abilities are clear… … .”
“I know. I’m disappointed in the strategy that 27th set up. If it’s the current number, it’s worth rubbing the 6th step, no, even the 7th step. But in the end, that’s it.”
Baikal shook his head and continued.
“Scouts remember every single stat of a creature when it comes to trials. Even if it’s only a tier 3 level, that thing won’t even bite your teeth. If 15 people are selected before going all the way anyway, the current power is just a show off. It is F.”
“… … All right.”
Lara’s pen etched the letter F into Sirone’s page.
‘I know.’
If Sirone had heard Baikal’s explanation, she would have nodded.
‘I know.’
It is not a strategy designed with a clear possibility of success in mind.
It was because he knew that the only possibility left to him was to hit from the start and run to the end.
“Never stop!”
Sirone’s photon cannon fell like a comb and broke Cerberus’ spine.
“It’s hard to come out like this.”
When Frings, who was deprived of the lead role, cast an ice wave, sharp ice thorns split the Colosseum in two.
Aiming for that gap, Ama sniped at the enemies on all sides.
’87. 88.’
Elizabeth was watching.
“Rate of fire 67 rounds per minute. That’s phenomenal speed given the sniper mode.”
“I think the accuracy is a little off. How many feet did you miss?”
Accessing the 2,000 core system, Elizabeth read the correct number.
“So far the accuracy is… … 89.4 percent.”
By the standards of the graduating class, it was excellent, but by the standards of Baikal, it was not fulfilled.
‘Red eyes!’
When Amy, who had backed up her self-image, started shooting more precisely, the bugbears burned to the core.
“It goes up. 90.2 percent. 91.6 percent.”
“If it’s Karmis, that should be enough. Once B.”
After the cool evaluation, Baikal’s eyes moved to the next participant.
‘Atomic Spring!’
Iruki’s breakaway spirit zone flew quickly and exploded in the monsters’ faces.
“Looks like an impromptu.”
Pupperpuppung!
It was as if an invisible iron ball was blasting off the monster’s head.
“It’s actually a fairly high-level detonation equation. And it’s accurate. Servant 5 recognizes the shape of an object as a fractal structure. There is no error because it is mathematical.”
Baikal carefully observed Iruki’s movement.
“With a neural response speed of 0.024 seconds, it is currently the highest among participants.”
“Hmm.”
Lara wrote the letter ‘H’ in her notebook, and the pen stopped.
“little… … Aren’t you lacking intuition? Accurate doesn’t mean efficient. The response is too mechanical.”
“It seems to be a tendency to focus on blocking variables rather than increasing efficiency. Even so, the rate of annihilation is above average.”
“Once B.”
Lara wrote, but Elizabeth pursed her lips.
“Aren’t the standards too high? No matter how high the level of the participants is, it can be seen that there are no disadvantages at this level.”
“There are no advantages without disadvantages. If it were Flu, for example, I would have made a different decision.”
Being compared to the top graduates of the Royal Magic School meant that the standards were high.
“What a mess.”
“Oohhh!”
Screamer, who used the shotgun movement, threw an iron fist at Bugbear.
“A guy whose thinking is paralyzed because he is obsessed with his own strength.”
“Maya! Don’t fall behind me!”
Cayden spun around Maya and slashed Cerberus with his sword.
“A guy who forgets his mission and clings to his convictions.”
Sirone’s photon cannon stretched out, bending the werewolf’s back.
“Give me all the tactics and all the firepower.”
Now even Elizabeth was silent.
“There are cases like this. His abilities are much higher than other schools, but his mental state is not normal. What do you know about the test? Are they doing their own thing?”
No matter how perverted the personality, it was the talent the kingdom wanted to be like a wizard in front of a mission.
“According to the red line regulations, graduates have the first round of negotiations in their home associations.”
If the first round of negotiations breaks down due to treatment, remuneration, or other issues, you can propose scouts from other countries from then on.
“Standards are important to them, not to us. Our job is to find the most competent and report to the Association.”
“… … All right.”
I had no choice but to accept Baikal’s opinion.
“Still, some are quite useful.”
Fermi’s various magics added firepower at the right time, and Dante was also leisurely cooking the enemy by applying an instant magic circle.
Also, Frings’s freezing magic was sharp enough to be called a masterpiece.
“no. 1. No.2. No. 22. Grade A.”
Stage 5 annihilation time was nearing its end, with all participants being graded on each one of their actions.
‘One minute left.’
With the number of monsters still exceeding 200, Sirone’s heart became impatient.
’58 seconds. 57 seconds.’
If this continues, a level 6 creature will be summoned to the Colosseum without even having time to recover for 30 seconds.
‘It must be finished!’
Those 30 seconds were so desperate for Sirone, who raised her firepower from the beginning.
Puff puff puff!
Scattered photon cannons hit monsters in all directions.
Bugbear with a broken shoulder, Cerberus with one head blown off, and Gargoyle with cracked skin, all of the enemies started running towards Sirone.
“Big!”
Sirone calmed down and fired more photon cannons continuously, but the number of enemies rushing at her was increasing.
“… … Aren’t you mistaken?”
Elizabeth asked.
“I fired magic with that power for nearly 10 minutes. My mind must be distracted.”
Everyone, not even a scout, felt that Sirone’s accuracy was declining.
“Isn’t that dangerous?”
At Reina’s words, Olina shed tears again.
“I don’t notice. If you don’t know, just look.”
Reina, who heard Lian’s scolding, patted Olina’s shoulder and spoke unfairly.
“But even to a stranger, I’m visibly tired.”
Ryan bit his lip and turned his eyes to the Colosseum.
‘Sirone… … .’
Only those who have experienced it can know how many individuals the number 100 represents.
“are you okay. There will be no problem.”
“really?”
Now, Reina also relied on her sister’s judgment.
“If I died, I would die… … .”
Ryan’s voice was firm.
“I’m not the kind of person who gets distracted just because I’m tired.”
‘Now!’
Sirone, who had attracted countless monsters, gritted her teeth and focused her mind.
‘Elysion!’
Raising the concentration again at the end of the 10-minute sprint takes a lot more mental energy than usual, but it wasn’t a bad deal if the annihilation was successful.
’30 seconds. I can recover in 30 seconds!’
With that thought in mind, his wide-area destructive magic multi-blast was cast.
Kwa-kwa-kwa-kwa-kwa-kwa!
“oh my god… … .”
The spectacle of seven 10-meter-diameter beams overlapping and exploding mesmerized the audience, and the monsters trapped in the waves of mass broke their limbs and flew around between spheres of light.
‘9 seconds! 8 seconds!’
With 7 seconds left, the creatures that were dominated by the multiple beams disintegrated into the smallest pixels and disappeared.
“That’s right! I told you!”
Olina shook her shoulders as Lian raised her arms and shouted.
“Magic level of 2.93 million Magical! Heart rate 237 beats per second!”
“what? Episode 237?”
“Average 6,800 crashes in the four points! It is a crash with five points and an impact of 13,000!”
When the VIP seats became noisy, everyone turned to them, and Lian, embarrassed, lowered his hand.
—————————————

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-622.txt
=============YYYYY=============
[622] Scout Reporting (3)
“What is that?”
Elizabeth answered Baikal’s question.
“This is the Ultima system. According to reports… … .”
“I know what. The question is, how can there be multiple centers of concentration?”
Because it’s an Ultima system.
You just have to accept the incomprehensible state, but it was a difficult situation for the scout who had to analyze everything.
“We changed the system to maximize the impact. That must be something that can only be done 27 times.”
‘I did it. I did it.’
Sirone, who had annihilated the enemy in time, fell to her knees.
‘I need to restore my mind.’
Just when I thought so, I heard a shocking guidance voice.
– Enter the 6th stage of self-denial survival.
“what?”
Not only Sirone, but all the participants who were not paying attention opened their eyes wide and looked around.
“Whoops, it’s not that easy.”
Where the voice was heard, Fermi was standing there holding the werewolf’s neck.
kurrrrr… … .
If even one survives, it is regarded as an extinction failure, and the next stage is entered immediately.
kang!
The werewolf’s head was cut off by Fermi’s air cut.
“Fermi… … .”
Sirone gritted his teeth and stood up.
How would you feel when you found out that an oasis in the desert was actually a mirage?
“Good judgment.”
Baikal liked Fermi’s strategy.
“You understand the system of self-denial survival. It’s a strategy to weaken Sirone’s strength while using her combat power.”
“You have a cold disposition.”
Baikal’s gaze returned after taking Elizabeth.
“That is a wizard. If Sirone is a wizard from the enemy country, who in the kingdom of Tormia can’t clap for Fermi?”
The moment the words were finished, a feast of powerful magic that was incomparable to the past unfolded in the Colosseum.
“It’s finally the 5th tier of Ma.”
Statistically, the section where 90 percent of the final 15 people were selected was the sixth stage.
oh oh!
When two hundred three-meter-tall golems stood up from the ground, their vision was completely blocked.
The demon Lamia of the Middle East wriggled the lower body of the snake, and the mercenary soldiers equipped with weapons and turned the ghastly skulls.
Kieh!
As the Griffon with the face of an eagle and the body of a lion folded its wings and rushed to the ground, Maria pushed the mark.
“Damage, Mark!”
The claws on the griffon’s single leg raked Mark’s back as if it were scratching them.
Maria’s recovery magic continued, but Mark’s mind had already fallen to the bottom.
‘This… … Nonsense.’
Watching the contestants fighting on a battlefield teeming with monsters, I couldn’t believe it was real.
‘How can I still survive?’
If Sirone hadn’t cleaned the enemies with her multiple beams, she wouldn’t have been able to go up to level 6.
“Mark, let’s stop. I am really going to die like this.”
The synchro rate of 2,000 times is 100%.
Even the physical shock received from Kreacher is converted into mental shock, but in actual combat, he would have already died.
“It’s not over yet. No one was eliminated!”
It is true that he challenged with the goal of passing the exam, but it was seen as half a success if he was confident in his skills.
‘It can’t be this different! I’ve come this far by working hard with the determination to die!’
If he gave up like this, he wouldn’t be able to do anything in the future, so Mark concentrated his mind with all his might.
“Earth filler!”
The thick pillar struck the golem, but the giant, weighing over 1 ton, broke the pillar and approached.
“Geuuuuuu!”
As the golems raised their arms wide and took a stance to strike down, Mark wrapped his arms around Maria and twisted his back.
“Keugh!”
At the same time, a flash of teleportation landed in front of them, and Sirone cast a berserk.
The golem’s body trembled and disintegrated into dirt as if it had been ground in a grinder.
“Seniors?”
Maria greeted hastily.
“thank you.”
“what?”
Sirone did not look back at them.
“yes? Hey, thank you for helping me… … .”
“I didn’t help. It saved me.”
At the last moment, if Mark had persisted, the two would have already lost their lives.
“scram. stop giving up.”
Mark shouted with his eyes lit.
“It can’t be! At least one competitor… … !”
“get out!”
Mark’s shoulders twitched.
“There are no second chances. If you want to die, do it yourself. But don’t hold other people’s ankles.”
“Seniors… … .”
Mark watched Sirone disappear into the battlefield and lowered his head sadly.
‘sorry.’
It was the heart of a senior who couldn’t bear to see his beloved junior die.
Can-can-can-can!
The mercenary soldiers clashed with iron-strength jaws and came running with antique-like swords raised.
“mark.”
At Maria’s words, Mark nodded, and the two of them simultaneously said the keyword to leave the battlefield.
“Atra.”
The sight of the mercenaries lowering their swords disappeared in an instant.
“Numbers 29 and 30 have left the battlefield.”
“It is natural. Due to my lack of experience, my skills are too immature to be considered seniors.”
It was Baikal that had not been evaluated from the beginning.
“Still, the final evaluation should be written in the report. Shall we give it an F grade?”
“Unqualified.”
Baikal did not break its stubbornness.
“Write that down.”
“yes yes.”
Lara sighed and brandished her pen.
The 10 minutes of the 6th stage of self-denial survival were nearing the end with two dropouts.
Nevertheless, more than half of the creatures survived, and the faces of the participants were clearly tired.
– Enter the 7th stage of self-denial survival.
When the voice of the 2,000th system was heard, everyone’s focus was shaken.
“28 survivors. I’ve never seen one go into level 7 with this number.”
In Alliance vs. Enmity, if the majority of the players choose Enmity, the selection of 15 will naturally be faster.
However, there have been occasional cases where everyone has reached the 7th stage in a spirit of harmony and focus on completing the mission.
“Anyway, it will end here.”
The 4th tier lineup was a creature called the king of a certain species, and it was also a being at the top of the continental food chain.
Aaaaaaa!
As the King of the Desert Basilisk roared, the audience’s faces turned pale.
With a body length of 12 meters, a weight of 40 tons, and a thick tail, it was powerful enough to annihilate a squad of human troops in one blow.
Ooooooh!
The Ogre, the king of the forest, roared and expanded its size to 4 meters, and in the sky, a gigantic Wyvern covered the sky with its leather wings, radiating flames into the Colosseum.
“This… … It’s hell.”
Eighty-seven Tier 4 monsters combined with hundreds of surviving monsters from Tier 6 was a sight that could never be seen in this world.
“Sheesh! Sirone, what the hell are you thinking?”
As the Wyvern’s flame burned the ground and rushed, Canis defended it by raising the Shadow Wall.
“Quack! Humans, you made something fun.”
After muttering that, Harvest pulled out the dragon soldier’s skull and transmitted his voice through the mental channel.
– What are you going to do? Now is your chance to be active.
– I don’t know yet. Look at Sirone.
-Dark magic’s long-term defense is not bad, so it’s not bad to endure. I think 15 people will be selected here anyway.
“Canis! are you okay?”
The golems blocking Canis’ path shattered with a thud.
Three ogres standing tall came into Canis’ eyes after reaping the Shadow Wall.
“scale?”
Arin ran between the ogre’s legs.
“At least I caught them with simple minds. With this, you can last for three minutes.”
Her judgment was also on the defensive side.
“Hoo? mind control?”
Baikal’s eyes turned lively.
“Psychoactivity levels are out of the human range. It’s amazing that you took control of three tier 4 ogres.”
I saw the sight of the three ogres guarding Arin, madly destroying the enemies.
“Your mental fluidity is incredible.”
“It’s my personal opinion, but I hope you get it from the kingdom. He is a talented person who does not want to be taken away by other countries.”
“A.”
If everyone was as clear as Arin, there would be no conflict between scouts.
‘In contrast… … .’
Baikal’s gaze followed Sirone.
He was still fighting with high numbers, but he didn’t see the acceleration of his magical energy as strong as before.
“Is this just the picture you wanted?”
Sirone’s face was pale as if the blood had dried up, and the focus of her eyes was gradually blurring.
‘I need a break… … .’
It was not a creature that could be knocked down in a distracted state, and its power declined over time.
‘a little bit… … If you can rest… … .’
The Photon Cannon still stretched out violently, but the encirclement of the enemies was rather narrowing.
“Iruki, Sirone seems very tired.”
Nade flew to Iruki and said.
“… … so?”
“Let us help. I need to give you a little rest.”
The fact that they are a team remains the same, but Iruki had a different idea from Nade.
“It’s what Sirone decided. We don’t have to step out until we ask for help.”
“But if you do that, you’re really eliminated!”
“Even so, it cannot be done. If you have the mind to care about others, how about taking care of yourself first?”
Nade bit his molars while watching Iruki, who was teleporting away.
‘damn! This guy and that guy… … !’
Friends who had been laughing and chatting until yesterday felt colder than others during the graduation exam.
“haha.”
The photon cannon that was disturbing Sirone’s eyes suddenly cut off like a faucet that had run out of water.
When the basilisk pushed back the golems and saw the approaching basilisk, but couldn’t respond, Nade flew in.
“Sirone! take a little rest! I will protect you!”
Sirone’s eyebrows twitched.
“Nade, get out of the way… … .”
“You can’t drop out like this! It was too much work from the beginning. Recovered here… … .”
“I mean Vicky!”
Nade looked back with a surprised expression.
“Nade, I will become a wizard. No one can stop my dream So get out of the way.”
‘It’s a big deal. I’m not crazy.’
There was no life in Sirone’s eyes.
It was only natural that he had already poured magic with maximum concentration for nearly an hour.
“If you don’t get out of the way… … I have no choice but to fight you. If you want to beat me and become the best, go for it.”
For an instant, a tear appeared on Ned’s face.
“… … Cheer up, Sirone.”
It was only after Nade was teleported away that Sirone spoke.
“after finish… … Let’s eat.”
Baikal analyzed the situation.
“That number 21 is a mess.”
“West Nade. My skills don’t seem to drop, but my behavior patterns are strange. I don’t step forward when I’m sure, but rather use good judgment when it’s really dangerous.”
“That’s what you call a mess. It is F. The same goes for number 27. It seems that we have already reached the limit.”
“Horsepower numbers are holding steady, but not going any higher. The efficiency is extremely low, and the power of the photon magic is not even half of the first half.”
“It’s disappointing. I had high hopes for it when Fleur strongly recommended it.”
Sirone fired the photon cannon again at the monsters that were drawn like a curtain.
‘It’s starting now!’
After drawing a giant halo through time-sharing, Ataraxia’s information began to accumulate.
“Here you are. It is the archangel’s magic power amplification.”
“Hmm, instead of stopping acceleration, you were using your extra mental power elsewhere.”
Elizabeth chimed in at the compliment she hadn’t seen in a long time.
“It is an improvisation in a situation where there is no recovery time. If that’s the case, it’s understandable that the efficiency of the Photon Cannon has gone down.”
“That doesn’t change anything. If you pass step 7, there is only step 8. The second exam is not even considered.”
“It’s ataraxia! Avoid everyone!”
The participants who discovered Sirone’s magic circle avoided their seats, predicting the direction of the flash.
“Sheesh, are you finally doing it?”
From the advanced class to the senior class, they already knew the power of Ataraxia.
“Is this the final push?”
Fermi, who had already spread the distance, watched the end of Sirone with a smile.
‘Good work, Sirone.’
The strategy of using Sirone to raise the level and stand out at the upper level seemed to have worked.
“Never stop.”
Sirone, her eyes wide open, kicked off the ground and rushed toward the colorful light of Ataraxia.
“what?”
While the contestants and scouts watched in bewilderment, only the hooded woman clenched her fists.
“Go, Sirone.”
A technique that even the Archangel Ikael did not attempt because the shock wave that would come later was too dangerous.
It was an Ataraxian bullet type.
—————————————

=============ZZZZZ=============
