=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-477.txt
=============YYYYY=============
[477] Her name is Gangnan (1)
Raising his head to the sky, Gaold accepted the situation without a shadow of a doubt.
In the 20 years of working on the project, did you ever really think that this was possible?
However, in those 20 years, there has never been a single day when I did not think of today’s situation, so rather than meeting and anxiety, the thought that something that had to happen had just happened was all I could think of.
‘I have to run away.’
That justification quickly changed Gaold’s thinking.
From now on, there is no need to look back.
The only task left to him was to get out of this place.
“Great!”
Gaold’s concentration completely penetrated the end of his mind and reached the realm of death, and the ruthless air press pressed down on Uriel.
Power enough to stop even the Archangel of Destruction from moving for an instant.
It was just that, but it was enough for Gaold now.
“Run unconditionally!”
Sane landed on Gaold’s back, followed immediately by another party.
Gaold turned around for the last time and caught Kariel frozen and still in the rotating gaze.
Unless the stop magic is dispelled, even an archangel cannot transcend time.
However, the group of numerous fallen angels who ran madly beyond Kariel would be different.
“Exit at full speed!”
As soon as Gaold finished speaking, the wizards cast teleportation and jumped out.
Since they were the best wizards in their respective lines, the flash left the plain in an instant and finally entered the drawbridge.
Sein cut off Miro’s leash.
Arius on a leash was cumbersome, but if he started to speed up from now on, he could get strangled and put himself in a dangerous situation.
Arius rolled on the floor and hurriedly regained his balance and went straight ahead.
Even though he lost an eye, he was once one of the 7 Madou Girls in the Black Line, so it was not a problem to run away on his own.
“Make it work!”
At Sae-in’s instruction, Kang-Nan spurred through the door of the engine room.
When she discovers a large actuator that seems impossible to pull unless she is a giant, she kicks it. Zeng! Her iron handle slammed away with her bells ringing.
It wouldn’t have much effect on the flying fallen angels, but it would have been able to block the approach of the ground-walking Maras for a while.
There was also the advantage of being able to block enemies’ ranged attacks once the drawbridge was built.
When they came out, Gaold’s party had already entered the drawbridge.
Koo Goo Goo Goo!
As the center of the drawbridge split into two, it slowly began to soar toward the sky.
It was impossible with human technology to build a whole drawbridge with a width of 1 km and a length of 4 km.
“maze! Recapture the maze!”
The fallen angels only aimed at the labyrinth and rushed at it.
They know that just grabbing her will tie everyone’s feet.
Forgetting even the lofty memories of their original angel status, the fallen angels rushed over the drawbridge as a single spear.
The bridge was filled with enemies in an instant, and another battle took place on the gradually leaning bridge.
Even if it was a fallen angel, the power of an attack with all its heart was terrifying.
Gaold and the others felt keenly how important Armin’s stop magic was in this project.
‘But the stop is now unavailable. We have no choice but to do it ourselves.’
Stopping time does not mean canceling an event.
Currently, the stop force field is hanging on Kariel, and if the force field is released, then Miro’s head will explode without even using his hands.
Meanwhile, instead of chasing Gaold, Uriel flew to the castle wall and looked after Kariel, who was trapped in a stop.
“Kariel… … .”
The maze problem was secondary to Uriel.
It was Kariel who planned all of this anyway, and Uriel was only helping him as a bystander to some extent.
However, seeing Kariel experienced a considerable psychological shock.
There was no radiance to be found in the archangel, where time stood still.
‘A mere human could incapacitate an archangel.’
The goon of paradise rotated with the sound of the wind, but I did not dare to destroy it.
He is trapped in the force field anyway, and he himself is also frozen.
‘I can’t go back right now.’
In order to accelerate to the speed of light and reverse the stopped time, you need the help of the Archangel of Light, Rayel.
“but… … .”
Uriel turned his head to Gaold and the others who were moving far away.
“I have to get back what was stolen.”
As soon as Uriel’s body turned into light, he flew in a parabolic arc to the center of the bridge, several kilometers away.
Woo woo woo woo!
When Yuriel landed, vibrations were transmitted to the soles of everyone’s feet as if they were standing on top of a wave.
The place where they are currently standing is one kilometer away from the access road of the drawbridge.
Unless Gaold and his party are easy-going people, if they deviate from the one-way street, it will be difficult to pursue them.
“It destroys your will.”
At the same time as Uriel rotated the wheel of paradise, Gaold applied the air press.
Again, the atmosphere burned and a terrifying explosion soared over the bridge.
“Aww!”
Gaold’s party was knocked over in all directions by the shock wave.
It was a result that could tell that Gaold had been pushed back in power even without seeing it with his own eyes.
Gaold, who lost all strength in his body, staggered with only his eyes fixed on Uriel.
must be kept
Even if I had to die here, I couldn’t let Yuriel pass by.
With each step, the feeling of intimidation doubled or quadrupled.
Around the time the heart-stopping energy weighed on his body, Yuriel stopped walking.
“It’s like you, Kariel.”
‘Kariel?’
The moment Gaold heard the name, he suddenly felt fear.
The moment I hurriedly turned around with a surprised expression, I heard Sein’s voice.
“It’s a maze!”
I saw Miro, who had escaped from Sein’s arms, flying high into the sky.
Flames embodied in the seals of fire blazed on her arms and legs.
Sealing-Prison of Woe.
Urotas, a fire giant magician, shouted with both hands outstretched at the drawbridge on the other side, which soared to an angle of 30 degrees.
“Uh ha ha ha ha! You did it! The small man did it, Mr. Kariel! Please remember the name of Urotas!”
He dropped the river on top of the castle wall and, following Kariel’s order, hid himself.
It was one of Kariel’s conversions, set up to recapture the labyrinth in case something goes wrong.
“no!”
Even the best party members could not handle the feeling of dejection they felt the moment they looked at the labyrinth, which was rapidly moving away from the seal technique.
Gaold took a step and fell to his knees.
My head was full of thoughts, but they were jumbled together, so it was all black.
A possibility discovered in the darkness.
“It’s a mutt!”
Gaold shouted, and Kang Nan immediately turned around.
“Ask me!”
After kicking off the ground, Kang Nan moved her legs quickly as she glared at the maze crossing the sky.
While the fallen angels returned to the maze, some of them attacked Gangnan.
thump thump! thump thump!
Kang Nan listened to the sound of his heart reaching his ears and calculated their movements.
Not even a single stop is acceptable.
Gangnan shook his upper body in front of the scenery of enemies rushing at him like leaves swept away by a storm.
As if she had entered a spinning blade, she evaded the dangerous attack by a narrow margin and ran through the camp of the fallen angels.
“Huh!”
The angle of the drawbridge was now soaring to 45 degrees.
Normal human beings would not be able to run as well as reduce their speed, but the speed of the force did not decrease at all.
‘More, faster!’
bang! bang! bang! bang! bang!
As he spurred the ground with strong leg force, the stone shattered and fragments flew backwards.
Miro had already flown to the other side, and all she could see was the sky.
“talent… … !”
Kang Nan gritted his teeth and gave more strength to his legs.
Even though it was going uphill, the acceleration increased even more, and finally, with all my might, I spurred on the broken bridge of the drawbridge, which tilted almost to the level of a cliff, and flew up.
“Kyaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!”
Aaaaaaaang!
As if the tip of her leg had been caught in an explosion, the body of Gangnan was flying as it shattered.
One kilometer down, a blue river glistening in the sun passed by, and I ran, swinging my legs through the empty air.
You can see the maze disappearing beyond the drawbridge on the other side.
And beyond that, the giant Urotas was shooting a fiery gaze at him.
As the seal of fire was engraved on his heart, the blood that circulated rapidly throughout his body suddenly stepped on the brakes, and the shock was intense.
In the whitewashed spirit, the consciousness of Gangnan flowed into a time of one purpose and mission that was never forgotten.
– Gangnan?
A man asked the last descendant of the wolf tribe who was wandering in the gutter with a broken fang.
-The spirit of the wolf.
And he raised his lips slightly and said:
-That’s a great name. Gangran.
“Kyaaaaaaaaaaaaa!”
Kang Nan vomited out a groan and moved his limbs.
With a bang, the seal’s flame exploded, and my heart started beating again.
The hateful face of Urotas, staring at her in astonishment, was gradually approaching.
Gangnan is not the strongest warrior in Ram Muay. But she was the best fighter.
‘I am the last descendant of the wolf clan!’
The voice of the patriarch who had passed on the secret lingered in my ears.
-Don’t rely on fangs. Have a jaw that can be crushed like anything.
Cadde deuk!
Kang Nan’s belly, which stretched out like a bow, began to harden like a stone.
And finally, her body, shot like an arrow, passed through the maze and approached Urotas.
Ram Muay Striker – Arang’s.
“Huh!”
Kang Nan, who tightened his abdominal muscles with all his strength, pulled his elbows and knees as if crouching.
When the attack landed on the top of Urotas’ head and chin, Kwajik! With a sound, the rock-hard giant’s face shattered.
It was the jaw of a wolf that had bitten off a giant.
thud!
Kang Nan, who landed almost at the same time as Urotas fell, frowned in pain.
All the muscles in my stomach were torn, so I couldn’t even stand up.
She twisted her body, biting her molars. Then she grabbed the flying maze and activated her extra gravity.
“Huhhhh!”
The angle of the drawbridge was close to 70 degrees, and if it tilted just a little more, everything would be over.
For the first time, Kangnan and Miro, who were spinning almost vertically clinging to the bridge, were able to make full eye contact.
Miro doesn’t know who Gangnan is.
But for a brief moment, the emotion in her eyes said it all.
‘Okay, this kid… … .’
Miro shook his head even while being caught up in the centrifugal force.
don’t throw yourself away What to really throw… … .
When he gave the signal that the maze was no longer possible, Gangnan put on a dry smile on his lips in a fleeting moment.
But soon, like a warrior of the wolf tribe, he twisted his nose and exploded in spirit.
“Kyaaaaaaaaaaaaa!”
Throw the maze into the air with all your might! With the sound of the wind, he began jumping over her legs, tracing the trajectory of her body in reverse.
‘The ugly duckling… … .’
Finally, Gangnan’s feet fell off the bottom of the drawbridge and began to fall as far down as the length of the bridge.
‘If you call me mutt one more time… … .’
Kang Nan, whose body was turned upside down, could no longer catch the consciousness of moving away and slowly closed his eyes.
The last things she remembered were the faces of countless fallen angels pouring down from the sky.
—————————————

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-478.txt
=============YYYYY=============
[478] Her name is Gangnan (2)
Gaold looked up at the sky and waited.
The bridge, which had a much higher slope than when Gangnan started, now formed an almost vertical cliff.
Therefore, the height is a whopping 2 kilometers.
It was the perfect height for Miro, who was a warrior and could not use magic, to fall and die.
But that was also the story when I crossed the drawbridge.
Uriel hadn’t taken action yet, but that actually bothered him even more.
“Damn it.”
He doesn’t pay the slightest attention to Gaold’s group.
What he pays attention to is only one thing in all of humanity, the labyrinth.
And finally, when the maze climbed over the bridge to reveal itself, Yuriel reacted.
When you get back the maze, everything is back to square one.
He didn’t know how he would have judged Kariel, but this time he believed that his intellect and his intuition would match.
cooong!
As the drawbridge rocked and Uriel soared vertically, Gaold followed.
A new hope sprouted as the maze came back, but that bud was rotten somewhere.
‘mutt… … .’
Gangnan could not cross the bridge.
By blowing up the maze, he faithfully performed his duty.
My heart was pounding and a strange fire welled up in my heart.
It is truly a flame different from desire.
It was another hell that Gaold experienced for the first time in his life, different from anger or hatred.
“Aaaaaaa!”
As the air press pressed down on the atmosphere, the speed of Yuriel, who had been flapping his wings of light and soaring, rapidly decreased.
Chiyiying!
Uriel turned to Gaold, spinning his halo of destruction.
To be honest, Gaold was a nuisance.
Any opponent who can match you can happily compete with each other.
Conversely, if it is a weak enemy, destroying it is enough.
that vague borderline.
An existence that would rise up again no matter how trampled it was, and yet could not harm itself.
Uriel thinks.
Maybe that’s the confusing nature of human beings.
Good and evil, life and death, strength and weakness were all mixed together, so human beings were a mass of contradictions that could not be defined.
‘Right.’
Uriel suddenly realized.
Why didn’t I try to end them by unleashing all power?
‘It was scary.’
The fact that I could not produce results even if I gave all my strength to these weak creatures was reluctant.
‘Anchera, the reason you were wary of humans… … .’
Gaold’s air gun hit Uriel directly.
It was a powerful attack that could pierce even iron, but to the Archangel of Destruction, it was just tingling.
In the midst of that slightly unpleasant stimulus, Uriel delved deeper into his thoughts.
It excites Kariel, the highest peak of intellect, and makes him, the embodiment of destruction, hesitate to destroy.
‘Human chaos… … .’
Finally, Uriel came to a conclusion.
‘It collapses the absoluteness of the world.’
“Great!”
Gaold’s speaker was hitting Uriel’s body more powerfully and quickly.
For the first time, pain can be defined, of course, angels do not even have such a definition, but the moment Uriel’s starlight body expanded to an enormous size, the moment he felt a sense that could be guessed like that.
“I am absolute.”
Infinite Justice Halo – Ragnarok.
As the concept of destruction was integrated into Halo, white electricity spread out in all directions.
‘I can’t stop it.’
A thought flashed through Gaold’s mind, and before he knew it, his hand was outstretched toward the maze.
Pulling her with an air net, Gaold rushed to the ground with all his might.
Uriel destroyed the Gon of Paradise.
His body, surrounded only by the concept of destruction, was a weapon of its own existence, not requiring any tools.
“Oohhhhh!”
Uriel fell vertically.
The moment his body surrounded by white electricity became a flash of light and fell on the bridge, Zulu’s summoning magic was activated.
Space-Time Bird-Posmetry.
The frictional heat from Yuriel’s fall generated an enormous amount of heat, evaporating everything made of matter.
Only a hemispherical crater with a diameter of 5 kilometers remained in the place where the sphere of light, which was born and disappeared in an instant, disappeared.
Literally total destruction.
Standing in the center of the hemisphere, Uriel slowly raised his head and looked at the sky.
That’s why I didn’t want to do it.
“human… … .”
I was stabbed in the back again.
What was it?
A huge bird made of light that appeared to Gaold and the others at the moment of destruction.
As the bird enveloped everyone, the concept of destruction was not conveyed, as if they had passed into another dimension.
“What about Kariel?”
Yuriel immediately flew up and landed on top of the walls of the Hall of Corruption in an instant.
I saw Kariel, who was still trapped in the stop force field and did not even move.
All the fallen angels flew and knelt before him.
Everyone trembled at the guilt of not recapturing the maze, but Uriel asked as if he didn’t care.
“What happened to her?”
The fallen angel in the rear said as he dropped the fainting Gangnan to the ground.
“Once I got hold of it. I thought it would be better to capture them alive… … .”
If it was Kariel, he would have praised it.
Because I think everything in the world is worth using and can create new value.
On the other hand, Uriel, the archangel of destruction, didn’t like that.
It’s not just being ignorant.
He was an absolute devastation, and in front of him all values became worthless.
“What should I do?”
Uriel turned around.
“I will go to Leil.”
You must bring the Archangel of Light and bring Kariel back.
“Let humans take care of themselves.”
Leaving those words behind, Uriel disappeared into the sky.
The fallen angels, whose commander had disappeared, hung their shoulders with sullen expressions.
If he had made a contribution in this battle, it would not have been impossible to return to Pyeongcheonsa, but in the end everything ended in failure.
“There is still a chance.”
The fallen angel with blonde hair hanging down to her chest like a veil said.
“Let’s hold this woman hostage and negotiate.”
The fallen angel with sharp fangs snorted.
“Is it really possible? What’s important to them is the maze. This woman has no value as a hostage. Rather, it is an act of getting even a small pleasure by harassing them to their heart’s content and resolving their anger.”
“That’s not a good way either.”
A stout fallen angel intervened.
“But ignoring even the slightest possibility is not effective. No, maybe the solution is here.”
“What are you talking about?”
“Human beings have something called jeong. In other words, you have a tendency to understand the pain of others as your own.”
“Right.”
The blonde-haired fallen angel nodded and looked down at Gangnan with cold eyes.
“The point is, it’s fine if you don’t kill it, right?”
Kang Nan was still in a deep sleep.
* * *
The flash of space shift landed in the forest with a roar.
Casting without fully understanding the terrain is tantamount to committing suicide, but Gaold and the others were not in a position to argue.
“Keuuugh!”
At the same time as it fell to the floor, it rolled across the floor at a tremendous speed, but no one lay down and spread.
Immediately centered, they cast teleportation and dug deeper into the forest.
You have to go a little farther away.
It was so terrifying that the moment it was caught, it imprinted death in the deepest part of the brain.
If it wasn’t for the postmetry that I saved until the end, no one would be alive by now.
“Gaold! I have to go back!”
Caught by Gaold, Miro struggled and shouted.
“I have to go back, you fool!”
“shut up. Stay calm.”
Gaold’s voice was harsh.
For 20 years, I’ve been living with only saving the maze in my head.
And now Miro is in his arms.
The stopped clock started to turn, and everything that happened from now on was a terrifyingly terrifying white future for Gaold.
The expression “lost” was accurate.
I couldn’t judge anything, I didn’t even know what fear was running through my heart.
“I can save it now! As long as I’m here, you won’t be able to kill me carelessly!”
“shut up.”
The maze was frustrating.
There’s really no way you don’t know. So Gaold was making the wrong decision.
“You idiot, he wants you… … .”
Gaold’s eyes flashed with electricity, and he opened his mouth wide enough for his jaw to fall off, screaming.
“Shut up!”
The group’s footsteps stopped.
Gaold, who rolled his eyes in confusion, threw the maze roughly on the floor and turned around.
“Damn it!”
When I punched the tree trunk with my fist, the bark splattered, and I felt a lot of pain.
Still, one thought stuck in my head.
Gangran. Gangnan was captured.
What bothered him more than anything was the fact that she was sure to be alive at this moment.
For the party, Kang Nan was only a brief relationship to proceed with this project, but Gaold was different.
The moment he wasn’t there for the first time, he realized that Kang Nan was always by his side.
“I am a warrior of the wolf clan. You acted according to your convictions. She made a choice, and we have to respect that.”
“Don’t talk nonsense.”
Miro jumped up from his fallen position and grabbed Gaold by the collar.
“Wake! You can save it now! This has nothing to do with me!”
Except for Gaold, the feelings of the party were like a maze.
If you can save it, you must save it.
But no one was able to get a word out of their mouth.
Since Gaold had been living in hell for 20 years, Gaold’s judgment was the top priority unless he could share even a 1/10th of his pain.
Sein lied for a friend for the first time.
“What I decided to do when I came here is that the project comes first in any situation. Miro, we all risked our lives to save you. Even if you tell me to come and break that rule, it is not easy.”
Miro glared at Sein, then turned back to Gaold.
“What do you think? is this really what you want? Is it your choice to drive that child to death because you want me?”
Gaold was still speechless.
Like a child born into the world, thoughts were not going anywhere.
Miro, who had been looking at him pathetically, turned Gaold’s chin back and shouted.
“Look at me! Look into my eyes!”
Gaold’s gaze moved slowly to her.
The feeling that something had completely escaped lingered in his pupils.
“Are you so afraid? Are you saying you’re going to abandon that child, fearing that what you’ve done for 20 years will go to waste!”
“I am… … .”
Before he could finish his words, Miro pulled Gaold by the neck and kissed him.
With eyes shaking in shock, Gaold reflexively pushed Miro away.
“what are you doing! Do you look like a joke situation?”
Miro didn’t give up, approached again, grabbed Gaold’s wrist, and brought it to his chest.
“Just do it here. take me! Then go get her, you fool!”
Gaold distorted his expression.
This guy and that guy, everyone was making a fool of themselves.
“You me now… … !”
At that time, a beautiful voice mingled with many voices spread from the sky.
It was the ability called gospel that angels spread as a group.
-Tell the human carrying the maze. We are holding on to your clan. If you don’t bring Maze back by noon tomorrow, I’ll kill you. Keep in mind that the sooner she goes, the less pain she will suffer. deliver the last we are… … .
Gospel repeated the same words and disappeared.
It was a huge sound, but it was a neat finish without even an echo.
Gaold staggered and sat down on a rock, biting his thumb nail, lost in thought.
noon tomorrow
‘Time is running out.’
Fallen angels are taboo breakers, and Mara under their command is extremely ferocious.
Even at this moment, he had no idea what Gangnan was doing.
aww cringe
Gaold’s teeth gnawed at the fingernails in an instant and began to gnaw through the flesh and the bones of the thumb.
aww cringe
No one was able to talk to the grotesque self-harm of a human with 1,000 times the basic pain.
—————————————

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-479.txt
=============YYYYY=============
[479] Jikji (1)
Flew brought his injured body and stood in front of Sirone.
Among the 72 classes of fairies, Mirka, who is in the 2nd class, had an aesthetic power different from that of an angel.
If the beauty of an angel is huge and reverent, Mirka’s beauty comes from the color of a cute fairy tale.
Of course, none of that mattered to Flew.
It was naked and the pain of the burns ran through the nerves and scratched the brain in real time, but the professional mage’s mental strength undoubtedly created a spirit zone.
“Sheesh, I knew that. Somehow, I felt uneasy.”
Fleur’s gaze turned to Peope, who was assisting Mirka.
Do you feel any remorse?
Feope kept her head down from start to finish, but that made Fleur even more angry.
The awe-inspiring fairy Mirka approached with a solemn face.
“A bunch of insignificant humans disturbing heaven and harassing countless subjects. Get your aura right now and ask for forgiveness. And leave the world clean.”
“Peope.”
When Sirone called her name, ignoring Mirka, Peope shrugged and slowly raised her head.
There was deep fear in those big eyes.
In front of the feeling of fear of hurting Sirone, Sirone said nothing more.
It’s not that he didn’t doubt Peope. But even that doubt was erased from his head.
because she… … .
‘Because he tried to die for me.’
The scene where she willingly gave her life for herself at Jebul was still lingering in Sirone’s mind.
‘No, it’s not like that.’
Sirone suddenly realized.
Perhaps, on the other side of my heart, I thought that this was what I wanted.
The battle with Heaven is inevitable, and in the end, the two of them have no choice but to become enemies.
And with this, the hearts thrown at each of them were recovered.
“Peope.”
Feope still had no answer.
He was just waiting for Sirone’s words with fear or even a hint of anticipation.
As magic power amplification, one of the functions of the Diamond Armament, occurred, Sirone’s robe fluttered terribly.
“I will kill you.”
When Sirone spoke, as if to firmly root her own true feelings, a cold killing spirit penetrated the spirits of the fairies.
It was the same with Peope who felt the chills from Sirone’s life.
However, her face also soon became cold, and that’s how we closed each other’s hearts.
“Do it if you can. I am not what I used to be.”
Undoubtedly, Peope has become stronger.
When Sirone first came to heaven, she was the youngest of the fairies, but now she holds a position that corresponds to the middle class among the 72 classes.
The reason for his high-speed rise in status was mainly due to his relationship with Sirone.
As the riot that started in Sharmain accelerated, the Ministry of Internal Affairs used Peope, and while studying various spirits from high-level fairies, he rapidly improved his skills.
That’s why you can’t ignore the internal government.
When Sirone returned to heaven, she was more excited than anyone else, but in the end, the ones she chose were the fairies of heaven who accepted her.
“Arrest Sirone.”
When Mirka held out her hand, dozens of fairies flew from behind.
Sirone and Fleur stepped back and surveyed their surroundings.
It was best to go to Arabot as soon as possible, but the skills of the fairies around her were not so good.
Even without exchanging glances, the energy of the flu was transmitted.
It was a situation where I needed a timing to get out of here and an opportunity to predict that timing.
“Wait!”
At that time, the incarnation was broken by Sirone, and Dana, who was delirious, knelt down to Mirka.
“I am the great Eternal. Please save me! They tried to kill me!”
Mirka looked at Dana pathetically.
The reason Anchera is wary of humans is because they have the ability to actively seek death.
When they begin to actively plan death, humans become more than human.
However, after gaining eternal life, Dana lost her greatest strength as a human being.
Of course, not all Eternals are as weak as her.
In fact, it is known that the members of the Church of the Ten Lords, who are over 10,000 years old, are out of the yoke of life and death.
“A foolish thing. What greatness is there in a creature like you? You too are sentenced to death for the crime of scorning the grace of Ra.”
execution.
Once more, Dana’s avatar screamed as words that Dana should never have heard penetrated her brain.
The fear she felt because she hadn’t thought about dying in a thousand years completely destroyed her half-mad mind.
“I hate it!”
Dana raised her magic with all her might.
The madman’s mana resonated with his mind and soared endlessly, but he could not find any purpose because he had no reason.
Even so, a strong current of air could be sensed surrounding it.
“no! you die!”
Dana’s head snapped back as she held out her hands and cast an ancient spell.
The spiral fairy Peope quickly rotated her neck with the power of a powerful spiral and completely ripped her from her body.
The moment Dana’s shocked face soared through the air, Sirone and Fleur realized at the same time.
‘Now!’
As the bodies of the two turned into light and soared into the air, Mirka shouted.
“Follow me! We have to catch it in Shehakim!”
Arabot is the most sacred land in heaven where Ankera resides.
The infiltration of humans from the perspective of the fairies was an unprecedented figure in the history of the internal government.
Even though it happened unconsciously, there was no hesitation in the movements of the fairies.
At the same time as dozens of fairies chased after Sirone, fairies flew up from all sides of Shehakim like flocks of birds.
This made it clear that key figures in the interior government were keeping an eye on Shehakim.
“Peope… … .”
There was no doubt that the main person in the case was Peope.
His identity had already been discovered, and with all the fairies chasing after him, the only option left was to infiltrate Arabot at the shortest distance.
“Sirone, go first!”
Flew, who was injured, could not keep up with Sirone’s flight speed.
Thinking that even one person had to escape, she stopped flying and turned around.
Numerous fairies were running towards her.
Activated by the Dawkins Algorithm, she ignited the flames of the flames while avoiding the magic of the fairies.
Sirone, who flew up vertically, spotted Fleur struggling in the distance and launched photon cannons in all directions.
However, there were well over 100 fairies flying into him as well.
Like the angels’ abilities, they didn’t apply a few levels of logic, but the fairies’ magic, which had their own affection, was threatening enough.
It was impossible to evade all attacks even with Armand’s body strengthening ability, and as Ringer’s skin was activated, the robe turned into heavy, super-strong metal.
“Huh!”
Sirone, who could not handle the weight, spread his wings through artificial brains and others.
When the wings of light hit the air with a bang, his body stretched out dozens of meters in an instant.
The air sparkled in iridescent light with all sorts of magic, and the fairies meticulously drove Sirone to one place, repeating assembly and separation.
Without knowing how far she had flown or where she was now, Sirone defended herself from the fairies’ attacks with all her might.
At that moment, there was a popping sound from where Fleur was, and she saw her body fall to the ground.
“Seniors!”
The moment Sirone was about to jump out, the sleeve on his right arm spun rapidly and twisted as if breaking his arm.
“Aww!”
When the robe was tightened to the point of tearing, Ringer’s skin activated and turned into super-strong metal.
It was only after the rotation stopped that Sirone looked ahead.
Feope, who raised her eyes fiercely, was activating her ability toward herself.
“Ei-i-i-ik!”
Feope did her best to infuse the power of the spiral.
It was definitely an incredibly strong mana, but Ringer’s skin didn’t budge.
‘Senior Fleur.’
Flue had already disappeared from the empty landscape.
For now, I could only hope that she had been spared.
“Peope!”
Sirone gritted his teeth and extended Armand’s tentacles.
As soon as the two tentacles appeared, they exploded due to the power of the spiral, but Kenser’s absolute restoration ability quickly created new tentacles.
As afterimages bent like whips flew in, Feope couldn’t stand it and retreated.
At the same time, all the fairies that had caused Fleur to crash began attacking Sirone.
Fleur’s enemy.
A fire soared from Sirone’s chest, but the sorcerer’s cool-headed reason quickly killed the embers.
But that didn’t mean he forgot his anger.
“catch! You can kill me!”
The moment the fairies cast magic around Sirone, Sirone’s eyes flashed open.
‘Santan movement!’
Puff puff puff puff!
Huge flashes of light spread in eight directions.
When one of the fairies fell without being able to avoid it, the flash of teleportation sharply broke and sprinted there.
The bullets spread countless times, and in an instant, the air became a tangled web of photon cannon flashes.
The power of the Photon Cannon with Galtomic’s magic amplification was on a different level than before, so most fairies were in a hurry to avoid it.
Feope stared blankly at the sight of numerous comrades falling.
It was a force that was on a different level from the ones that were harassed by the fairies even when they stopped Ilhwa’s alcohol in Area 73.
In particular, the fairies in this place were all fairies with powerful minds, located in the middle of the 72nd class, unlike back then.
“Follow me! Don’t stop!”
Even while his colleagues were being bombed, the fairies flew endlessly.
With its wide wings wide open, Sirone engaged in a dogfight in harmony with the fairies with its flamboyant movements.
“this… … !”
The fairies later found a red dot between their eyebrows and gritted their teeth.
When the homing photon cannon equipped with a seeker was fired, the fairies surrounding Sirone dispersed all at once.
However, the Homing Photon Cannon relentlessly pursued the fairies, and in the distant sky, screams of despair and explosions erupted.
‘Can’t even block this many fairies?’
According to the report of the Ministry of Internal Affairs, when Ilhwa’s drinking was stopped, Sirone’s fighting power was enough for a unit of 65th-class fairies to block it, but now, even if dozens of 40th-class fairies attacked, they were in a position to worry about annihilation.
‘Goes! To Arabot!’
Sirone flapped her wings to the maximum and accelerated.
The fairies with weak mental power gradually moved away from each other, and finally no fairies caught up with him.
– Pathetic things.
The moment she thought she had completely won the speed battle, a fairy’s voice spread in Sirone’s head.
The second-class Mirka flew in with a blue flash and blocked the way before I knew it.
Sirone launched 16 homing photon cannons and fired them all at her.
She held out her hand the moment it flew away, drawing a curve like a flash of light.
Eating Out – The Razor of Truth.
Around Mirka, blades as thin as thread glittered at great speed, and the homing photon cannons were all slammed into place.
Puff puff puff puff!
Sirone raised her wings and abruptly stopped herself.
‘This… … ?’
As if not in the slightest shock, Mirka was still flapping her wings with her hands out.
‘I didn’t block it. What kind of ability.’
A fairy’s durability is never strong.
Even if it was the 2nd class, it was impossible to stand still after being hit by 16 shots of the Photon Cannon, which had been strengthened by magical power amplification.
“This has been clearly decided.”
Mirka looked at the confused Sirone and spoke solemnly.
“There is absolutely no variable that allows you to beat me.”
—————————————

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-48.txt
=============YYYYY=============
[Translator – Anwen]
Chapter 48
Please enable JavaScript
Shirone’s calculations got faster.
However, the place Shirone wanted to reach was a point that was impossible to attain using the Sequence method.
A concept that went beyond units.
‘Infinity.’
The limit of modularization, which bundled hundreds and thousands, gradually disappeared…
‘Even further…’
It was as if all the numbers that existed in the world combined into a single point.
Bam! Bam! Bam! Bam!
The attention of the students focused back on Shirone when the speed at which his targets exploded skyrocketed.
Two flashes of lights appeared at the same time.
“Senior Shirone is also doubling! B-But isn’t it already too late? They only have…”
“No, it’s not double.”
Sharelle couldn’t believe the scene in front of her.
The number of flashes continued to double, and eventually they started colliding with each other.
A shudder ran down Shirone’s back at the feeling of liberation.
“Ah…”
The feeling was out of this world.
All the senses that made Shirone himself permeated into creation, even his ego seemed to disappear.
The flashes all around combined into one, and in the end, a huge curtain covered the area.
The targets didn’t even have a chance to make an appearance before exploding.
The Speed Gun level began to continuously rise.
Shirone could not stop the tears from dripping down his face.
‘Ahhh… AHHHHH!’
It was being forgotten.
His own name. His existence. Everything that constituted him was fading away from the world.
As for Yiruki, he focused harder on himself.
“Eeeeuukk!”
He checked Shirone’s score and noticed that it was catching up to his quickly, but he didn’t seem to care.
No matter how much Shirone sped up, he felt that he just had to run a bit faster to maintain the higher score.
‘A savant’s calculation has no limits! Watch me calculate everything! I’ll see to it that I reach the end of the numbers that exist in the world!’
Yiruki’s double Spirit Zone flew around so fast that not even an afterimage was in sight.
‘I’ll win! I can win! I have 1 second left! 0.9 second! 0.85 second! What kind of timer goes this F*ckING SLOW!!!!!’
BEEP!
The one minute that felt like an eternity was finally over.
As soon as the target holograms disappeared, Shirone and Yiruki fell on their asses at the same time.
“Haah… Haah.”
Compared to Yiruki, who was gasping for air, Shirone had his head lowered. He was not moving an inch.
He had already lost consciousness.
“Hooo…”
Yiruki checked his score.
1,247 points.
Yiruki set an unprecedented record. He somehow managed to beat Amy’s highest record by 260 points.
‘Not bad. Did I win? Why don’t I hear anything? What’s Shirone doing?’
Yiruki turned his head and saw that Shirone’s head was tilted to the point it was nearly touching his chest. He wasn’t moving.
Shirone was still breathing, and he didn’t seem dead, but at the same time, he didn’t seem alive either. It was a strange feeling.
‘What?’
Yiruki checked out Shirone’s score.
1,253 points.
Mark couldn’t believe it and swung his head back and forth between Shirone’s and Yiruki’s scoreboard. Then he opened his mouth.
“S-Senior… Shirone… Senior Shirone…”
“Shirone won!”
Sharelle, who was hugging Mark while leaping around, ran to Shirone. And with her were the lowerclassmen, who were fighting to reach him first.
“HEUK!”
And as if he had just been resuscitated, Shirone gasped for air.
His mind, which had scattered after delving into the Infinite Realm, started combining back together along with the threads of his consciousness.
“Ughh…”
He looked around to see Sharelle and a bunch of other students crowding around him.
“Shirone, are you okay? It’s me, Sharelle.”
His memories had returned. And Shirone, who had finally regained his ego, gave a soft smile.
“Yes. I’m alright.”
The moment he himself solidified that he was okay, the lowerclassmen and his classmates cheered, whistled, and applauded.
“You were sooo amazing! Really, you’re the best Shirone!”
While everyone was praising Shirone, nobody was around Yiruki.
Yiruki was deep in thought with an indifferent look when someone approached and placed their hand on his shoulder.
It was Nade.
“You lost. But it was a great match.”
“Not really, you don’t compete to look good. You do it to win.”
Hearing Yiruki’s response, the corner of Nade’s mouth went up, and he looked towards Shirone.
‘He’s an incredible guy.’
And considering he was his friend as well, his heart silently gave him a thumbs up.
‘Congratulations, Shirone.’
Unlike the students who couldn’t hide their excitement, Ethella had a serious expression.
The difference in their score was tiny, but the difference in their mental speed was huge.
‘Yiruki tried to reach the end of the number. To have gone beyond that…?’
There was the notion of infinity.
The greatest axiom that could never be reached by simply being pushed to the limit, far beyond the number.
Some call such a thing god, and some others call it All Creation.
‘Humans cannot become infinite. But… They can reach it.’
The emotions contained in these sentences were the sorrows that Shirone felt last night.
‘How long have you known?’
Realizing the finite barrier of numbers, Shirone spread his mind into the Infinite Realm.
Indeed, humans could reach Infinity, but from then on… They were no longer human…
‘Was he really planning to leave?’
Mages referred to this phenomenon as the ‘Immortal Function.’
And Ethella knew another name for this occurrence. A name that came from the monks.
‘Nirvana [निर्वाण] ‘
It was not a level that an ordinary person could reach…
But it was also something that shouldn’t be reached for in the first place.
Tears welled up in Ethella’s eyes.
‘No, Shirone. Humans should not recklessly embrace infinity. No matter how glorious one may seem, no matter how brilliant one may seem, the moment you enter Nirvana, your existence…’
‘Will crumble away and dissipate.’
Only high monks, who realized the world’s impermanence through long asceticism, laid down everything and entered the world of Nirvana. But Shirone was still only a 17-year-old boy.
He had a bright future ahead. Infinity was a dangerous and futile venture.
Come and read on our website wuxia worldsite. Thanks
‘Right, seeing as how it ended with him only losing consciousness, it doesn’t seem like he completed the journey. However, if he actually did enter Nirvana…’
Then even Ethella didn’t know what was next.
The only thing she knew was that she would have to live the rest of her life repenting for Shirone.
Uncharacteristically, for someone who won first place, Shirone was lost in thought and looked sad.
[Translator – Anwen]
Ethella was sure it was no coincidence.
“Shirone, you…”
“I’m sorry, Ms. Ethella. I wanted to win. I wasn’t sure how dangerous it was.”
“Since when?”
“I left for… A very long journey.”
All the emotions Shirone experienced were hidden in his words, similar to that of a zen riddle.
“Don’t worry, instructor. Because now I know. I won’t make the same mistake.”
Ethella knew he needed no advice.
He understood the situation and stopped himself, so Shirone deserved to make his own choices as well.
“Alright. Please, treasure yourself. This teacher loves and cares a lot for you.”
Not as a mage, but as a monk, Ethella was genuinely concerned about Shirone’s state.
“Yes, I’ll keep that in mind.”
Seeing the opportunity, the students rushed forward.
“I love you too, Ms. Ethella!”
Siena would have rained fire on them and scolded them, but Ethella patted each and every one of them on the head.
“I love all of you guys too. Now I should finish the exam.”
Class 5 gathered on the training ground.
Everyone had done their best, so they harbored satisfied expressions.
“Good job. It’s nice to end early on days when you have exams, right? Everyone has worked hard. All of you take a good rest and have fun training for next time. Thank you for your hard work.“
Since Ethella practiced monk etiquette, the students copied her. Half as a joke, and the other half as respect.
“Thank you for your hard work, Ms. Ethella!”
Even after Ethella went down the mountain, the students could not leave because of their lingering emotions.
“Shirone, I’m so happy for you! I’m sure Amy would be as well! No, wait… Would she be angry since her record got broken…? Eh, whatever! It’s her own boyfriend who won! Hohoho!”
Shirone showed signs of exhaustion while listening to Sharelle blabber away.
‘I want to rest.’
And as if to answer his prayer, Yiruki approached, causing everyone to shut up.
“Oho.”
The students watched, excited.
They were curious as to how the haughty genius would dig at Shirone this time.
Contrary to their expectations, however, Yiruki did the exact opposite.
“I lost. Completely.”
“No, I don’t think that way.”
“At times like these, you don’t have to be humble. Especially when it’s a guy like me who’s waving the white flag.”
“I really don’t think I won. This exam was evaluating targeting. However, the last magic I cast covered up the entire area.”
“Keukeuk. Seriously, you really don’t change. Just because you eliminated the targets all at once doesn’t mean you didn’t use targeting. That was still targeting, so don’t feel iffy about it. You won.”
After a short pause, Shirone’s eyes hardened.
“Then admit it. It’s not idealism. It is wrong to study a magic that is strong enough to destroy a city while not accounting for the humans contained within it.”
“Yeah, you’re right. Sorry.”
He admitted it so easily that he left Shirone rather puzzled.
Even though his admission didn’t fully satisfy Shirone, he knew Yiruki was a nerd who only pursued mathematical results.
“…Are you serious?”
“Shirone, you are misunderstanding. Explosion is not equivalent to violence. Violence is the will to hurt someone. It’s up to the humans. There’s no will to an explosion. It’s just something that has a much stronger energy than humans.”
“But it is us humans who wield that energy. We might not have it within us, be we can wield it.”
“I agree. So this is how I define explosions. It is an uncontrollable energy. But you know, what if we are able to control the explosion? Explosions powerful enough to blow up cities can turn into a force for good. Imagine… An energy that can feed and keep 100,000 people alive. In simpler terms, energy is also our life force. What would happen then?”
Shirone blinked once.
“A new era will commence. If we could control such energy, people would fight less due to the abundance of resources. Many could have luxurious, care-free lives. Of course, I don’t have such a noble belief. But if such a world is possible, shouldn’t we at least try? Because my abilities are meant to be used to help push for such a future.”
“Uh…”
Shirone’s mind got all jumbled, but he heard Yiruki’s words clearly.
“You should have just said it like that from the beginning then… There would’ve been nothing to be offended about.”
Yiruki smirked.
“You’re so… Naive. Even if we can control the energy, if we can’t control the humans that use it, it will only be a force that will lead the world to its downfall. But Shirone, I’m going to do it. I’m not stopping because I’m afraid of that. Even if one of the victims ends up being me.”
“…What if it can’t be controlled? What if such a situation occurs? Nobody can take responsibility.”
“Haha! That’s right, but…”
Yiruki sat down and looked up at the sky.
“Should I just stop here, then? Play around and waste my time in Class 5? Then if staying here gets boring, maybe I just live my life as a dungeon digger or something? These kinds of thoughts have never left me. It might be better for a dangerous guy like to stay here. To never go out into the world.”
His classmates were dumbfounded.
Didn’t that mean his only reason for staying in Class 5 was because he was afraid of his own talent?
Shirone was distraught.
‘ Idealism or realism? What side is this guy on?’
“That’s why…”
Yiruki reached out his hand and grabbed Shirone, pulling him into a standing position.
“From now on, I’m your responsibility.”
“Huh? Responsibility?”
“I never thought I’d lose to anyone in my life. So maybe you’re the only one who can beat me. In the distant future, if my ways will cause tragedy, you prevent it. If I am too much of a risk, even if you kill me, I will never resent you.”
Shirone was panicking.
“But give me a little more ti—”
Yiruki interrupted.
“If you don’t do it, I can’t take a step forward here. I will not move on. I will stay here.”
Shirone stared Yiruki in the eye.
There was not an ounce of sarcasm, pretentiousness, or exaggeration. Only true sincerity.
“Okay.”
If he had rejected Yiruki then and there, the future Yiruki himself had envisioned would have merely become an idealistic theory.
“I will definitely stop you. No. I will make sure you never make such a mistake.”
The students looked blank.
‘What’s up with them? Do they really think they can achieve such a feat? This is Class 5.’
To make their dreams a reality, they would have to overcome countless barriers.
But unlike their other schoolmates, Nade was moved.
He gave a small shout.
“Aaahh!! You guys are so cool! As expected of my friends! Nice, let’s do our best!”
Nade wrapped his arms around both of their necks, and Shirone and Yiruki smiled at each other.
‘Perhaps… He might actually be a pretty nice guy.’
While they both had similar thoughts, Shirone recalled his face-off with Yiruki.
‘He’s really strong.’
Shirone felt that there was a possibility he might not be able to win next time, but he didn’t care. Because he knew that he was the only one who could suppress Yiruki.
‘I will definitely keep my promise.’
The only thing that could stop something finite that was running at the speed of light was the great infinity.
Chapter end

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-480.txt
=============YYYYY=============
Please enable JavaScript
[480] Jikji (2)
‘Never win?’
Sirone didn’t listen to Mirka’s words.
I thought that the reason she was able to survive even after being hit directly by the photon cannon was because she used the rules of the fairy, and if that was the case, what she was saying now would not be a simple bluff.
‘What is it?’
Sirone fired the homing photon cannon once again.
As expected, Mirka did not dodge, and the photon cannon exploded with a powerful impact sound.
Seeing Mirka slightly raising the corner of her mouth, Sirone realized something new.
it wasn’t blocked
It was completely immune to the attack itself.
“Then can I survive this too?”
Sirone fired a laser that became more powerful through magical power amplification.
No matter how durable a material is, it can’t block the laser that causes molecular vibration forever, but this time, Mirka was just receiving the magic without the slightest shake.
Only then did Sirone stop attacking.
‘It’s embarrassing.’
I don’t know what kind of activation principle it was, but Mirka’s eating out of the rules was a very simple yet powerful ability.
“invincibility… … is that?”
Mirka nodded obediently.
“Yes. Because you are weaker than me, you can never defeat me.”
Mirka’s razor blade of truth is activated by first receiving an opponent’s attack with obvious murderous intent.
When the ability is activated, a judgment of comparative advantage against the strength of the two targets begins, and if you win there, you become invincible and unaffected by any attack from the opponent.
The determination of comparative advantage is due to the existence of the incarnation, not measurable numbers, and there is no way to reverse the invulnerability status because the razor of truth completely eliminates the anomalies and variables that may occur in battle.
In actual battle, it is an established theory that the one who wins is the strongest, but it can be defined that Mirka’s eating out of the rules has been distorted into pure strength, that is, the strong one wins by removing all variables during battle.
In order to establish this powerful concept, a difficult price must be exchanged on an equivalent basis, but if you move out of Mirka’s line of sight, the judgment is canceled, and even if you are locked in line of sight, the maintenance time is only about 30 minutes.
However, the most risky cost was that of having to stand by defenselessly against the first attack with obvious murderous intentions.
If Mirka loses in the judgment of comparative advantage, not only is it attacked, but the razor of truth is activated in reverse, and the opponent becomes invincible against itself.
In other words, when you meet an enemy who is pushed back by the power of pure incarnation, death and defeat equivalent to almost 100% await.
A fatal condition that is quite balanced as an equivalent exchange to realize the extreme state of invincibility.
However, Mirka never doubted her abilities.
And she was currently ranked 3rd in the 72nd class of fairies.
“shall we start?”
Mirka attacked Sirone without being harsh.
Eating out – the law of obedience.
Another regulation hypocrisy linked to the razor of truth was triggered.
As Mirka burrowed into Sirone’s pit at high speed, a loud shock spread through her body.
‘how?’
Even when it was difficult to breathe, Sirone had doubts.
The skin of Ringer, a type of armored mineral, was not applied.
Also, it was too strong a physical force to be called the power of a fairy.
‘This is also an ability.’
Sirone’s prediction was correct.
In the Razor of Truth, when Mirka has a comparative advantage, the Law of Obedience, which is activated, can neutralize all of the opponent’s attacks and push back all of the forces generated as a reaction.
In other words, it was a hit with twice the critical rate, so it was not a shock that Sirone, who was in a bare-body state, could not withstand if it was a physical attack from Mirka, who was absolutely invincible.
Mirka continued to attack Sirone with physical bullets.
As long as she faced Sirone, her body was invincible, so her attacks were not harsh.
While receiving the impact of being hit by a heavy rock, a thought passed through Sirone’s head.
Can’t win.
From experience, I have come across numerous regulations eating out, so various options that are expected to be broken laws came to my mind.
Among them, there was an answer that said it would be okay to get out of sight, but that was not the point.
She is a fairy of the 2nd rank among the 72nd rank.
The razor of truth was an ability that could not be defeated in the first place, unless she had a strength that surpassed that of other incarnations of fairies.
When Mirka tied Sirone’s feet, countless fairies followed and cast all sorts of magic.
Except for Mirka’s attack, Armand had blocked most of the impact, but any defense had to be limited by continuous hits.
‘Eating out of the rules is a problem.’
The ability to block the variables that occur during battle at the source.
For Sirone, who had been able to defeat opponents stronger than herself with her powerful insight and improvisation, it could be said that her ability was close to her natural enemy.
“This is the end.”
Mirka fell vertically and landed a physical attack on Sirone’s ship.
“Ouch!”
I could hear my abdominal muscles tearing and I couldn’t breathe.
The sky darkened from the edge, and two-thirds of the field of view turned into darkness.
“Now! Pour it all out!”
Armand resonates with the caster’s consciousness, so as Sirone’s consciousness weakens, its function tends to decline.
The fairies, who confirmed that the tentacles were hanging like water-soaked grass, poured out their magic.
I was thinking of completely severing my consciousness, and my life would end before I even crashed to the ground.
The fairies’ all-out attack came through the narrowed field of view.
Looking at the colorful magic that was flying around, Sirone squeezed out her last strength.
Judicial Halo – Valhalla Action.
As the halo rotated, one type of magic was calculated in an instant.
Judicial Halo – Super Magical Amplification, Ataraxia.
As the gigantic halo spread out in front, the fairies who were facing Sirone clutched their heads in shock and screamed.
The only one who could look at it was Mirka, who was already invincible.
“this… … .”
Seeing Ataraxia integrated at the moment of birth, she shouted at the fairies everywhere.
“Avoid everyone!”
As the photon cannon passed through Ataraxia, a massive flash of light completely filled the sky.
All of the magic that was pouring in its power was swept away, and the fairies trapped within the radius evaporated in an instant like flies burned by flames.
“Keugh!”
When the flash disappeared, no fairies except Mirka remained.
Mirka looked away in search of Sirone, who had disappeared from sight, but gave up and gnashed her teeth.
Archangel Ikael’s proprietary patent, Ataraxia.
Even though he knew he was invincible, he couldn’t bear to take any action and waited because of instinctive fear located at the starting point of his mind, not ability.
‘There’s no way I’m alive. I fell from this height… … .’
I would like to think so, but it was unpredictable.
“Find it. Never stop searching until you dismember his corpse.”
At Mirka’s instruction, all surviving fairies rushed to the ground.
I was even more annoyed that the place I was currently flying in was the Valley of Whales, which was famous for being the most difficult in Shehakim.
‘I definitely should have ended it.’
The face of the third-ranked fairy was not so bad.
In any case, since it was the past, Mirka immediately put aside her lingering feelings and quickly flew to the valley following her subordinate fairies.
‘Calm down. You can’t lose consciousness.’
As she fell down the valley, Sirone fought with all her might to keep her spirits up.
It was a truly formidable concentration created in a situation no different from a dying state for an ordinary person.
As long as consciousness is maintained, even if you fall, Armand will recover to some extent.
However, if the spirit breaks here, no one can guarantee what will happen after that.
thud! thud!
I didn’t feel any pain.
However, a dull impact hit the back of Sirone’s head.
After colliding with the cliff in the valley, Sirone was thrown off and hit the opposite wall again and fell.
Shirone with her eyes closed and blood dripping from her forehead.
There were only 500 meters left to the ground.
It is obvious that if you fall headfirst, you will break your neck.
At that time, one fairy flew to Sirone at a terrifying speed, avoiding the sharp rocks in the valley.
It was Peope, the fairy of the spiral.
“Ei-i-i-ik!”
I grabbed Sirone’s robe and pulled it up with all my might, but the inertial force of the fall was too strong.
I tried dispersing the falling force using spiral magic, but it was all about slowing it down.
“Huhhhh!”
Feope gritted her teeth as she felt the pain of her shoulder blade coming off.
thud!
At the same time that Sirone fell to the ground, her body bounced off and rolled on the floor.
But before she even had time to feel the pain, she flew to Sirone.
“Sirone! Sirone!”
Unconscious and unable to move, Peope, who was frightened, hurriedly put her ear to her chest.
throbbing.
My heart is beating weakly.
Sooner or later even this will stop, but I still felt some relief.
“Oops, this is not the time.”
It was only a matter of time before the other fairies were discovered as they began to scour Whale’s Valley.
Peope, who grabbed the robe and looked around, found a cave that was barely big enough for one person to enter and dragged Sirone into it.
“Whoa, it’ll be fine for a while.”
After wiping off her sweat, Peope stared blankly at Sirone’s sleeping face.
The reason she was able to track this far was because she hadn’t seen Ataraxia.
For some reason… … I knew what Sirone was going to do.
“of course.”
Feope smiled sadly.
“Because we are friends.”
In fact, did he know that he wanted to choose Sirone over the internal government?
Will he understand how he had to take the opportunity to quickly rise from being the youngest member of the 72nd class of fairies, who was treated with disdain, to becoming a leader?
“Sirone, I… … .”
Feope’s eyes were wet as she was choosing what to say.
“I became strange after meeting you.”
I didn’t say I love you.
No matter how pure the words were, I would not have said it if I had known that it was an act of throwing my heart.
I learned more emotions from high-ranking fairies.
The more she did, the more she threw out a word, like a spectrum transmitted through a prism, spreading out into a full-color rainbow with various properties and fluttering in her heart.
“Still, I do not regret my choice.”
It was a good thing that I chose the home government.
“Girin said that humans and fairies cannot fall in love. because i… … .”
Feope smiled broadly, sublimating the sadness that seemed to explode her heart into laughter.
“Because it is too small.”
However, his voice was locked, and hot tears flowed endlessly from his big eyes.
Armand’s diamond armament was lifted and changed into the form of a demonic sword.
Consciousness is completely cut off.
Sirone’s body was not intact.
There were dark bruises where the bones were broken, and even the function of the organs was heading toward death.
Feope looked at her with pity, then flew towards Sirone’s face.
Then she knelt down under his chin and caressed his cheek.
The time we met was short, but I couldn’t say I knew anything about him.
I have no more regrets because I have already thrown it away.
“I’m sorry, Sirone.”
Feope’s body as she closed her eyes and kissed Sirone’s mouth began to burn with a dazzling light.
It was an act of pouring out all of one’s lifespan and concentrating it into a single vitality.
“love you.”
With a concept she realized more clearly than a year ago, Feope threw her heart into Sirone once again.
—————————————

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-481.txt
=============YYYYY=============
[481] Jikji (3)
Sirone was sitting in the grass and looking at the lake.
The lake was white as milk and as calm as in the middle of a windless land.
His eyes were fixed on the horizon above the surface of the water.
-What are you looking at?
‘Ikael.’
The water surface convexly rose from the center of the lake and changed into the shape of Ikael.
The immaculate liquid that flowed smoothly across the surface disappeared, and Ikael’s image appeared as if it were a real thing.
-What are you looking at?
‘father. mom.’
Ikael collapsed like a sandcastle flowing down, and the Vincent couple took his place.
‘Rian. Amy. friends.’
The calm surface of the water began to shake as if it had met a storm.
Countless forms of people floated to the surface, completely filled with allies and enemies, loved ones and haters.
-What are you looking at?
The milky liquid coalesced and transformed into the shape of a gigantic Mirka.
I was properly hit by her diet eating out, which fundamentally blocks variables.
But was it really an enemy that could never be defeated?
Marsha’s advice that there are no absolutes when it comes to eating out passed through my head.
‘Who is it?’
Sirone suddenly lifted her head and looked into the air.
Who are you?
The voice that asked you a question from earlier.
-In fact, seeing is nothing more than a process of confirming that something is already there or not.
The voice was as bland as air.
I wondered if the information for a specific reason was being conveyed in the form of a voice in my head.
Ultima System.
The one-dimensional integrated information system that permeated Sirone’s brain was operating in a state of suspended animation.
So, the voice you hear now is a message from someone who has already left this world.
However, since the message is buried in eternal time, it is the same as hearing it right now.
-To truly see is to see something that exists there in its pure state.
‘As it is in its pure state.’
the voice asked again.
-What are you looking at?
Defeat. Peope’s betrayal. Flu’s well-being.
All those emotions floated to the surface.
No, I’m not looking at it. An illusion of thought created simply because I want to see it, or because I thought I had to see it.
“I am… … What are you looking at?”
All forms on the surface of the water began to collapse.
“I am not watching anything.”
said the voice.
– When you are not looking at anything, you can finally see everything.
The lake sank calmly again.
Eventually, as the water surface lowered, the white liquid disappeared, and the world disintegrated into small pieces, scattering like cherry blossoms and disappearing out of sight.
The Ultima System, which had permeated like a ghost in the brain’s network, was finally systematized and installed to the nerve endings.
At the same time, Sirone’s incarnation shone for a moment, foreshadowing his mental change.
If the blind direction of the cerebral synapses creates concentration and that concentration is realized as the Spirit Zone, Sirone’s Spirit Zone equipped with the Ultima System is manifesting as something unique and unique with a different temperament than before.
‘This is it…’ … .’
Jikji.
One gaze looking straight at the whole world.
The scenery that had nothing to do with it returned to its original place and unfolded before Sirone’s eyes.
The lake was still calm, but now Sirone’s eyes were clearly conveying the numerous possibilities of cartooning as if they were living creatures.
-What are you looking at?
Sirone replied.
“eventuality.”
The voice spoke as if answering.
-That’s what Ultima is… … .
Flash!
Sirone’s eyes widened as if shocked by the intense flash of light applied to her brain.
‘What happened?’
A vague memory like a dream.
But the image itself was very clear.
Hitting her head on a cliff and losing consciousness was an afterimage of her memories.
“huh?”
Sirone, who came to his senses, finally sensed the hot energy flowing into his lips.
An unknown woman was sitting on top of him and kissing him.
Sirone, whose face flushed, pushed her away in surprise.
“What, what?”
The woman rolled onto her side helplessly, exhaling painfully with her naked body exposed.
Sirone hurriedly lit the lights with her Shining magic.
“Peope?”
The reason why she couldn’t believe it even though she said it herself was because she, a little fairy, was as big as an adult woman’s body.
However, the little dress she was wearing was torn to pieces, and the fairy wings that fell beside her proved that she was Feofe.
“Sirone… … .”
Feope struggled to open her eyes and smiled brightly.
After reading the emotion in that smile, Sirone rolled her eyes in confusion.
why is she here? No, what the hell is this mogol?
“What happened, Peope?”
“I’m glad you’re safe.”
Only then did Sirone examine her body.
All wounds were completely healed.
It was impossible to recover from a fatal wound in such a short period of time when the Diamond Armament was released.
There was no doubt that she had saved herself.
“why? I want you… … .”
Feope shook her head.
It didn’t matter to her what Sirone was thinking.
The most important thing at the end of life is something so trivial that even Peope is surprised.
“Sirone, how are you?”
Sirone didn’t know what that meant. After thinking for a while, he looked at her body.
The price of exploding all lives at once is rapid growth. And it was the loss of the fairy due to mental breakdown.
“Am I pretty?”
Feope’s question was so innocent that Sirone could not say anything.
I got goosebumps when I realized that I had nothing to give back except my feelings of gratitude.
But it is true.
It was impossible to create something without substance.
When there was no answer from Sirone, Feope quickly closed her eyes.
I felt sad but happy. There won’t be any regrets left in the end.
“Don’t look, Sirone.”
Peope gave her last wish.
“please… … don’t look.”
Feope’s body began to shrink rapidly. It was the aftermath of a storm that burned all life.
“Pe, Peope… … .”
Sirone watched Peope’s transformation in a state of fascination.
Feope’s face, which had shrunk to the size of a fairy, was full of wrinkles, and all the muscles in her firm body had been lost, leaving only bony bones.
Beside her were wings of the right size at last, but those that had already fallen off were just running towards decay, losing their vitality.
“Peope! Peope!”
Sirone put Feope in her hand and shouted.
At the end of her lifespan, her body did not even move.
You shouldn’t die like this.
Sirone, who finally realized in front of her corpse, held Feope in front of her eyes.
He was barely breathing.
‘I’m still alive.’
But how can I save her?
“There is nowhere to run anymore, foolish human.”
When the voice of the fairy Mirka resonated outside the cave, Sirone grabbed Armand with one hand and stood up.
Beyond the curtain of light outside the cave, Mirka and other fairy troops were completely blocking the exit.
Sirone held Peope in her hand without showing any fear and moved forward slowly.
It wasn’t until they came out that they realized why the fairy troops had quietly retreated.
Indeed, an enormous army completely dominated the four directions.
There is no way to escape.
Having concluded that, Mirka looked at Feope lying in Sirone’s hand with sad eyes.
“A foolish thing. That’s how I explained what the cost of liking humans is.”
It is not that there was not a single fairy in history who loved a human.
But with that said, it was always miserable.
Fairies are pure and humans are selfish.
No matter how hot it burns, human greed is endless, and in the end, it is to dry up the fairy after endlessly craving it.
“I am still alive. How can I get Peope back?”
This was the reason why Sirone entered the siege smoothly.
“Human, accept the aura obediently. If so, I will take responsibility for Feope’s life and save it.”
“You asked what the method was.”
Seeing Sirone’s unbending eyes, Mirka replied in a cold voice.
“There is only one person in heaven who can restore a fairy whose lifespan is over. Archangel Ichael.”
The moment Sirone heard it, he instinctively sensed that it was the truth.
Literally the incarnation of amplification.
If it was Ikael, he would be able to amplify Feope’s feeble emotion and restore it to its original state.
“okay.”
“It is a good choice. Hand over Peope to us… … .”
“Geumgang Armed Forces.”
Sirone grabbed Armand’s handle and activated the Diamond Armament.
In an instant, organic robes wrapped around him and floated overhead, with cybernetic eyes and Akamai’s eyes attached.
The fairies were all nervous and prepared for battle.
Although he was defeated by Mirka, he was a skilled man who shot down countless fairies.
However, Mirka, who already knew that there was no variable in her match against Sirone, raised the corner of her mouth mockingly.
“You have a good weapon. Thanks to that, he must have been able to play an active role up to this point with his level of skill. But you, who have taken off that weapon, are nothing more than a weak human being.”
Since I’ve already overpowered the incarnation’s strength, it doesn’t matter what skills the opponent uses or how many different skills they have.
The lack of variables was the scariest thing about the razor of truth.
Sirone put Feope in Armand’s robe without replying.
A pouch was made near the heart and secured with Ringer’s minerals.
If you want to get to Ikael as quickly as possible, you will have to go through a fierce battle.
Realizing that Sirone had no intention of surrendering, Mirka held out her hand with an angry face.
“Kill it. Let them pay for the sin of scorning heaven.”
The fairies waiting everywhere flew towards Sirone at terrifying speed.
At the same time, Sirone’s eyes slanted forward.
Magic of unknown properties rained down from all sides, and the fairies were moving quickly as if swaying in a storm, but Sirone ignored them all.
How to see everything when you see nothing.
As Sirone’s Jikji was activated, the boundaries of the Spirit Zone gradually began to blur.
Mirka, the highest-ranking being of justice, was the first to sense the change.
“That… … ?”
Spirit Zone’s presence is gradually fading. Eventually, as he completely melted into the world, the boundaries disappeared.
Kwak Kwah Kwah Kwah Kwah!
When Sirone opened her eyes, dozens of photon cannons were pierced in a diagonal line from a completely distant place.
It was an angle that would have been impossible without Sirone shooting in the air.
The fairies rushing from the side were exposed defenseless to the unexpected pattern of attacks, and were swept to the ground by a waterfall of flashes.
“what? how to magic… … !”
Sirone made a photon cannon and fired it from all directions.
The riot of flashes entangled like a net and bombarded the fairies indiscriminately.
Even in the midst of that, the fairies could not find the starting point of the magic and only looked around with a bewildered expression.
There is no central point where magic is implemented.
Sirone’s mind assimilated with the world achieved a state of perfect omnipotence, and the bundled photon cannons rapidly turned and swept away the enemies like a school of anchovies swimming in the sea.
“Keuuugh!”
Mirka hurriedly escaped from the radius.
It was shocking that the first unit that tried to subdue Sirone was completely wiped out, but the first thing that came to her mind was an ancient record.
“This is Gaia… … .”
The spirit zone of those who use the Ultima system, ‘Elysion’, has been resurrected beyond the ages.
—————————————

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-482.txt
=============YYYYY=============
[482] Jikji (4)
“He’s a human anyway!”
Mirka denied that Sirone’s Spirit Zone was Elysion.
Gaia, a mythical human being feared by Ankera and driven Heaven to the brink of destruction.
But didn’t they eventually lose the war and leave the world?
It didn’t make sense that their powers, for which no evidence could be found other than fragmentary records, suddenly revived at this moment.
“Do you think a human can use Elysion? You’re doing a clumsy mimic.”
As if to refute Mirka’s words, Sirone opened her eyes and cast a photon cannon.
At the flash of light that came out of nowhere, she threw herself away, not being able to dare to cast out the prescribed meal.
‘It’s definitely dangerous.’
If Immortal Function is infinite, Elysion is intangible.
The mind, completely integrated with the outside world, treats all information detected by the Ultima System as if it were its own.
Similar to the combination of the spirit zone and ancient magic used by Sirone, Mirka was fighting a system rather than a specific individual named Sirone.
Jikji of the Ultima system was a very unfamiliar phenomenon to all beings with individuality.
The completely different combat system threw the fairies into confusion, and Sirone’s magic, which had adapted to Elysion, began to devastate everywhere with more powerful destructive power.
‘I have to stop here.’
After watching the 7 fairies disappear in just 10 seconds, Mirka finally made up her mind.
Whether Sirone used Elysion or imitated it, the ability itself was real anyway.
“Everyone follow me!”
As Mirka took the lead and flew, Sirone also fired a photon cannon from behind, sending flashes of light as if she were swinging multiple blows with both fists.
At the same time, Mirka’s razor blade of truth outside the rules was activated.
A ghastly white glow shimmered around her, and a mass-laden photon struck her body.
Kwa-kwa-kwa-kwa-kwa-kwa!
All the fairies who knew the ability to eat out of the rules stopped fighting for a while and watched the results.
Sirone also looked at Mirka with fierce eyes.
“Whoop, whoop whoop.”
Mirka, who was in good condition, was smiling with her hand out.
Even among fairies, she belonged to the highest level, so she still had the upper hand in the power of incarnation.
However, she couldn’t help but be nervous, her smile was severely stiff.
“I won.”
In any case, it is invincible against Sirone as long as the Elimination Rules are activated.
Having invoked another rule of obedience, she began to rush in with great speed.
“Sheesh!”
Sirone spread her wings wide and soared into the sky.
As all the fairies soared vertically, they left the Valley of Whales in an instant and rushed into the sky.
“Catch it! If we just hold on, it is our victory.”
In Syrone’s field of vision, countless magics from fairies rained down on her.
There were various types depending on the concept of birth of the visible, invisible, material, phenomenal, and fairies, but Sirone did not hold any attachments to any of them and just looked straight ahead.
Elysion integrated and delivered all the information in one dimension, and Armand’s powerful function greatly increased Sirone’s reflexes.
“Unbelievable… … .”
Even the fairies born with the ability to fly were basically surprised by Sirone’s movement, which evaded a large number of bullets that seemed to have no blind spots.
Cirone, who escaped from the magic net that could never be escaped without calculating the error in millimeters, started a counterattack.
As soon as Akamai’s eyes caught the target, photon cannons flew in from all directions and concentrated damage.
Whenever Antithese’s focus quickly jumped between fairies, the fairies crashed without a doubt.
“What are you doing!”
As Mirka flew in with a roar of rage, Sirone also stopped attacking and kept an eye on her.
‘Let’s stay calm. I’m thinking.’
Sirone knew that Mirka was invincible, but unlike before, she did not fall into despair.
All out-of-regulation events are accompanied by triggering conditions and costs.
‘I just can’t become invincible enough to block the first attack.’
The first thing that comes to mind is time constraints.
You won’t be able to remain invincible forever. But that alone isn’t enough.
It was rather easy for Sirone to make a judgment because the advantage was so strong.
‘Spatial constraints.’
Having come to a conclusion, Sirone sharply turned the angle to avoid the rushing Mirka.
After confirming Mirka’s reaction as she tried her best to follow Sirone with her eyes, he was certain.
‘I see. in sight… … .’
It disturbed Mirka with a dazzling movement that raised the function of the optical wing to the maximum.
“joy! Good idea, but… … .”
Until now, the enemies who tried to break the razor of truth were numerous.
However, it was just an illusion that focused only on the ability to eliminate variables.
If you think about it a little differently, you can understand why Mirka got this ability.
Ranked third among countless fairies.
Mirka was originally a strong fairy, and eating out was just a tool used to maintain her strength 100%.
“You dare to bully me?”
Mirka’s body turned into light and chased after Sirone.
She rushed at a terrifying speed, and accelerated with the thought of piercing Sirone’s body, which was caught in the law of obedience.
pop! As the sound exploded, Mirka passed through Sirone and her eyes were filled with shock.
“what?”
Sirone suddenly disappeared.
It wasn’t the movement of the coordinates, it was literally disappearing.
Mirka hurriedly looked around at the sound of the wind blowing. Sirone’s tentacles were approaching at high speed.
As long as it is out of sight, the regular eating out is reset.
Knowing this, Mirka hurriedly threw her upper body back.
Keugh! The wind pressure alone pushed her body several meters.
Sirone did not stop at swinging her tentacles, but connected them and fired photon cannons.
Even as she turned into light and drew a complicated trajectory while avoiding it, Mirka’s mind kept asking questions.
How did you get out of sight?
“The razor of truth!”
After regaining her composure to some extent, she started eating out again.
The photon cannon vanished in vain, and realizing that she was invincible again, she glared at Sirone.
Valhalla action.
The moment he saw the magic circle of fallen angels behind Sirone, everything became clear.
‘Oops… … !’
Reversal of cause and effect.
If time was reversed after reaching certain coordinates, she would not be able to keep Sirone in sight.
‘With this, I can avoid eating out. But I have to refrain from making big attacks.’
However, Sirone also had a restriction of action delay in return for reversing causality.
Mirka must be attacked at least once to activate Eating Out of the Rules, and Sirone will also be bitten if she miscalculates the delay.
A situation where we have no choice but to look out for each other.
However, with this, it could be said that the formidable strength of eating out was destroyed and the balance of power was balanced.
Sirone struggled amidst the group of fairy troops.
It was a one-on-one battle, but the victory was gradually leaning towards Sirone.
The magic from Elysion’s intangibles didn’t even give them time to adapt, and steadily defeated the enemies, and finally, the lethal laser network was unfolded.
Because there was no central point, the net of red lines, which was possible, stretched out in all directions, obstructing the movements of the fairies.
Screams echoed through the sky as the Homing Photon Cannon slipped between the nets and exploded enemies.
“You insignificant human!”
As soon as Mirka casts the Razor of Truth, the Valhalla action is activated, and Sirone disappears.
‘I have to find it!’
Mirka looked around until her head broke.
If he could find it before Sirone’s delay ended, it would be his victory.
‘huh?’
Turning her back, her eyes widened in shock. Contrary to expectations, Sirone came close to her.
The figure of spinning and swinging its tentacles was domineering, but it wasn’t to the extent that it couldn’t be avoided with Mirka’s skills.
‘Stupid human. Did I throw an irrational number out of nervousness?’
Mirka laughed and held out her hand.
Sirone is completely defenseless as long as you block it by eating out.
“Ouch!”
However, right before she could activate her ability, Mirka shuddered as she felt a strong binding force.
From the side, Akamai’s pupils, which were embedded in addition to the cybernetic brain, were aimed at him.
The advantage of Valhalla Action is that it can reverse the cause and effect of all linked events.
In other words, the two results of leaving Mirka floating on the side and then going back to her rear and attacking were accelerated at the same time.
The delay is long, but it was Sirone’s own variable created to break the tight balance of power.
‘Is there no absolute result?’
When the thought reached that point, a thump rang in Mirka’s head.
With her head broken, she flew toward the distant sky, and as soon as her inertia ended, she fell down in a parabola.
“Mr. Mirka!”
All the fairies floating in the sky couldn’t believe the sight unfolding before their eyes.
Of the 72 classes of fairies, the noble spiritual body belonging to the 2nd class was destroyed by only humans.
All the fairies rushed as the rage of the tribal pride was trampled on.
“Huh!”
Sirone frowned and waited for the delay to dissipate.
Because the two events were reversed, the waiting time was much longer than usual.
When the delay was finally lifted, countless magics were already rushing toward him.
‘I have no choice but to do it.’
It was never a way that suited my inclination, but now it is an exhibition situation. Violence is sometimes necessary to win.
Sirone used Elysion’s mental power to cast one of her organs, Berserk.
However, that wide width was a completely different temperament from what he had shown so far.
Literally, multiple explosions in a wide range.
Due to the nature of Elysion without a central point, wide explosions erupted in numerous places.
If it was the existing light width that simply stopped at bouncing something, this time it was a way to crush it with a curtain of light from all directions.
Kwa-kwa-kwa-kwa-kwa-kwa-kwak!
“Quaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
All the fairies trapped in Elysion’s sphere of influence let out a terrifying scream.
A cracking sound could be heard from the small body caught between the curtain and the gap between the curtains.
When viewed from a distance, it was a sight as if a thunderbolt struck out of nowhere in a clear sky.
As the spheres of light with a diameter of 30 meters flashed, the fairies shuddered and fell as if they had been electrocuted.
When the casting of the wide range, which can only be performed in Elysion, ended, the sky became blue and calm again.
The fairy troops were annihilated, and Sirone, who was floating alone in the air, looked up at the higher sky and took a deep breath.
The light wing suddenly disappeared and his body fell as it stood.
While accelerating toward the ground at a terrifying speed, Armand’s robes stretched out and flew dozens of meters before rooting on the ground.
At the same time, while canceling the power, Sirone’s body landed lightly as if it had jumped from a low place.
It was halfway up the mountain, and below the mountain range, I could see the paradise where the subjects resided.
“ha.”
Sirone sat down for a while to soothe her weary spirit.
Armand’s nerves vividly conveyed the comfort of Peope in his arms.
How strong have you become? Sirone thought for a moment.
But what I felt right now was only the horror of the spirit and reality that was being devastated through the war.
“I have to go further.”
that is war There were also personal things that had to be done.
“Be patient with me a little longer, Peope.”
As Armand restored some of her bodily functions, Sirone rose again.
As I gently bent my knees, huge wings of light spread out from behind me again.
Perong!
Sirone’s body, which flew up in a cloud of dust, jumped over the mountain range at high speed and flew to Arabot.
—————————————

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-483.txt
=============YYYYY=============
[483] Night in Heaven (1)
In the basement of the Hall of Fall in the Second Heaven Rakia, there was a torture chamber where angels who had lost their divinity from whales were imprisoned and tortured.
If you look at angels by the standard of the physical world, their durability is strong enough to transcend human beings, so the instruments of torture are also full of bizarre things on a scale that cannot be seen in the human world.
Kang Nan passed out, relying solely on the chain handcuffs coming down from the ceiling, with both hands tied.
Unknown snakes crawled across the floor, and the confined air was repulsive enough to mask even the smell of brimstone from burning torches.
Dozens of eyes widened in the darkness and Mara appeared.
Torco, the servant of the fallen angel Mauriel.
It was a single mara with a skinny old face, a bald head, a belly that protruded like a tadpole, and legs much shorter than long arms.
Called the God of Screams in some worlds, he has a perfect understanding of the human body and is an excellent torturer who causes pain with his delicate fingertips.
Muddy laughter could be heard from the walls on all sides.
“Chig gigg kik, let me hear the screams, the disgusting human screams.”
“Can I not kill you? If you spend 1/43 of your hatred towards Maze, you will die.”
The fallen angels, who demanded an exchange of labyrinths and hardships throughout Rakia, gave their subordinates a chance to relieve their anger.
Some maras are not at all interested in human suffering, but on the other hand, there are maras who are extremely interested, and everyone gathered in the torture chamber is of that type.
Torco put his palms together and slapped Gangnan on the cheek.
An echo that was completely different from the usual sound spread, and the shock tore through Gangnan’s brain.
“Huhhhhh!”
Kang Nan frowned at the feeling of his skull splitting and regained consciousness.
“Here… … .”
All I can see is an old man with a hooked nose.
But her senses sensed the many evil energies permeating the prison walls.
‘They’re caught.’
It was what I was promising. Rather, it was only lamentable that in that situation he did not die right away and lost consciousness.
As I pulled the handcuffs on my wrists, the chain connected to the ceiling slid.
Only iron can get out.
‘Cause if you break your wrist
‘The handcuffs are absorbing power.’
As far as she knows, it is impossible to block the schema in the normal way.
Then there are two things I can think of.
Out-of-regulation or… … .
“Is it an object?”
“Objet <Jachung>. The stronger you give it, the stronger it becomes. You won’t be able to get out.”
‘Annoying… … .’
To paraphrase Mara’s words, as strength is removed, rigidity weakens.
However, if the minimum stiffness was stronger than the human body, it was impossible for Gangnan to escape.
“Kill him.”
It was better to give up quickly on strategies that didn’t work.
“In the end you will die. But maybe I can live.”
When Kang Nan looked at him, Torco smiled as if curious about her reaction.
“If the humans bring Maze back by noon tomorrow.”
When hope arises, man becomes ugly.
I already shuddered at the thought of how messy this fearless female warrior would become after jumping over the drawbridge and reclaiming the maze.
“pooh!”
Torco’s face hardened.
Kang Nan, who burst out laughing with his lungs moving, gave a pitiful look.
“The labyrinth never comes.”
can’t come
There was no way Gaold would exchange the result of giving his all for 20 years with his own life.
‘Yes, I’m not coming.’
If he had been that indecisive, he wouldn’t have pushed himself to death in the first place.
‘I wish. Meet the person you love.’
Contrary to expectations, Torco’s face twisted as Gangnan smiled.
“If you don’t bring Maze, all you have left is death at the end of the scream. How are you going to scream? How can I beg you to kill me?”
Mara’s voice echoed ominously in the dark.
“Kikiki, human screams are the best music in the world.”
Born as a warrior, die as a warrior.
Even in the face of terrifying threats, Ram Muay’s warriors did not waver.
-Kangnan, you are a woman.
I first met Gaold sixteen years ago, when she was thirteen.
Her life after leaving the south was a series of trials, just as the wolf tribe was exterminated and ran away.
Everyone who reached out to the child who had nothing had an ulterior motive, most likely because she was a woman.
Gangnan had an excellent body among the wolf tribe, but was too young to defeat the world’s strongest.
Eventually, it was the point at which he was kidnapped by bandits and taken to the slave market in a foreign country.
“Don’t stare at me like that.”
The man who was facing Gangnan in the luggage compartment said.
“I don’t think you were human from the start. Like dogs and horses, pigs and cats. Depending on what kind of animal you become, you may have a decent life. Because you are pretty and rare.”
“I am a wolf.”
The man could not understand the language of the south.
But he knew he couldn’t get a high price without getting the poison out of her eyes.
The tastes of those who buy slaves vary greatly, but it was easy for the value to plummet if you tried to cater to the tastes of a few.
“I can’t. I’ll have to quench it beforehand.”
Darkness fell as the man pitched the tent in the luggage compartment.
And when he looked back, the man’s eyes were not normal, unlike a moment ago.
thump.
A sound like chewing cartilage burst from his knuckles.
“First, shall we become a dog?”
“I am a wolf.”
Gangnan sighed and knelt down.
Jumping out with all her might, with her hands tied behind her back, she hit the man’s abdomen with her head, pushing further and jumping out of the carriage.
“crazy!”
Jumping off a moving wagon with your hands tied was tantamount to suicide.
A heavy wheel was pushed toward Gangnan’s face as he fell to the floor.
Just when you thought it was too late to dodge, the wheels splintered and the wagon overturned.
Kang Nan knelt down and looked to the side.
But before she could examine anything, the thieves came running and started beating her up.
“Damn it! Kill them!”
Kang Nan, whose hands were tied behind his back, was beaten defenselessly.
However, she stood up thinking of her whole body as a shield, and showed off Ram Muay’s skills with her free two feet.
With her short stature, she was dodging among the bandits, but when a large man stood in front of her, she swung her leg.
The moment the low kick hit the shin as thick as a log, there was a hard, dull impact sound.
“Aaaaaaa!”
The huge man couldn’t stand the pain and fell to the ground screaming.
It was not the brilliance of a thirteen-year-old child.
“Don’t belittle me. I’m from the wolf tribe… … .”
However, that was all she could achieve, and she had to roll to the floor again after punches flying from all directions.
“ah! it’s annoying!”
A man who had been pushed by Kang Nan and fell from the carriage approached with blood on his head.
He took a dagger out of his boot and raised his arm as he glared at Kang Nan.
“I will stab you a hundred times and kill you!”
Then again, there was a loud bang and the man’s head exploded.
“what?”
Only then did the thieves realize that it was no mere accident.
A man was walking at the end of the forest road they had been running on.
It was a twenty-four-year-old Gaold who had graduated from Alpheas Magic School and had gone on to seek training.
Unlike his current appearance, he still had a youthful spirit, his body was so skinny that only bones remained, and his complexion was dark as if he would soon die.
However, the most deeply engraved impression of Kang Nan was the two eyes that seemed to contain death.
“What are you? Are you a wizard?”
“… … Have you ever seen God?”
The thieves, who would get hives just by hearing the name Shin, met each other’s eyes and giggled.
“Are you a crazy monk?”
It was not uncommon to meet people who had lost their minds at the end of the search while wandering the world doing human trafficking.
“Have you really never seen it? Where the hell is God?”
The leader of the bandits swung a dagger and stepped forward.
“Hey, what are you doing in search of God? Have you committed any crime?”
“I… … .”
Before Gaold could finish his sentence, the dagger flew between his eyes.
“Because I have to kill you.”
Puff puff puff puff!
As the air compressed, the heads of all the bandits standing around the fallen wagon exploded.
Gaold, who lightly bent his head to avoid the dagger, moved slowly.
Then, he looked down at Kang Nan, who was staring up at him in a state of fascination, and said,
“Little boy, have you ever seen God?”
Kang Nan shook his head slowly even as fear of a temperament he had never felt before surrounded his body.
“Where are you? Where are you? I have to kill you.”
The sight of Gaold looking around the forest for something was the height of bizarreness to Kang Nan.
‘Crazy. This man is crazy.’
After looking around for a long time, Gaold looked down at the river again and untied the rope tied to his hand.
‘I have to run away.’
That was the first thought that came to Gangnan’s mind.
However, before he could put it into action, Gaold’s hand suddenly reached out.
“Can it happen? Judging by her appearance, she looks like a southerner. Where is your tribe?”
Kang Nan forgot all his fears and glared fiercely at Gaold.
So far, among the people who have extended their hands in favor, not one has benefited them.
“I am a wolf.”
Gaold’s eyes were half-closed as he stared at Gangnan’s burning face.
“It was a wolf tribe. I heard you’re devastated It must have been hard.”
‘Do you know Nambang language?’
It was surprising that the madman, so disfigured that the beggar would cry, understood what he was saying.
“What is your name?”
After thinking about who this man was, Kang Nan slowly opened his mouth.
“Strong. Aho, gangnan.”
“Gangnan?”
Gaold searched for the meaning of the memory, which had become more blurred lately.
“The spirit of the wolf.”
Then, gently raising the corner of his mouth, he said.
“What a wonderful name, Gangnan.”
Kang Nan will never forget the emotions he felt at that moment.
“let’s go. I’m hurt a lot. It needs to be treated.”
Gangnan followed Gaold to a cave in the woods.
He was still full of vigilance, but it was at the point where he needed someone’s help.
Gaold handed him dry bread from his bag.
It was hard as a stone, but the amount was large enough to eat for several days.
I was very hungry, so I ate it, but I couldn’t break it in the jaws of a child without melting it with saliva.
Gaold was chewing on those things well.
The only curious thing was the moaning sound leaking from the depths of his throat whenever he moved his jaw.
As expected, thinking that he was crazy, Kang Nan said as if declaring war.
“I will leave tomorrow morning.”
Gaold nodded without stopping.
That night.
“Huh. Whoa.”
Gaold opened his eyes to the faint groaning that leaked out of the river.
“what’s the matter? Where are you sick?”
“nothing… … no.”
Gaold sat down and noticed Gangnan’s pale face covered in cold sweat.
“Speak. what’s the problem?”
“Nothing… … !”
When Gangnan gritted his teeth and became stubborn, Gaold didn’t care anymore and lay down.
“tight. I’ll be leaving in the morning.”
As time passed and around midnight, Jiang Nan crawled out of the cave and stumbled into the forest.
And after a while, Gaold’s eyes flashed open.
—————————————

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-484.txt
=============YYYYY=============
[484] Heaven’s Night (2)
When Gaold came out of the cave, Gangnan was nowhere to be seen, but the footprints on the floor were heading towards the forest.
Gangnan’s face was severely crumpled as he searched for the most secluded place in the forest.
Suppressing the moans that escaped from her pursed lips, she stomped her feet and looked around.
Eventually, he couldn’t stand it and jumped into the bush and sat down as soon as he lowered his pants.
Because she had endured going to the bathroom for two days, her bladder felt like it was about to burst.
The pain was greater than the pleasure, and at the end of the tingling pain, the coolness of urinating flooded in, and finally his expression regained a sense of stability.
However, the feeling of lightness was short-lived, and soon her eyes were sharply wary of her son-in-law.
Leaving the South, what the world taught her was that she shouldn’t give excuses in the first place.
More ferociously, like a beast, biting doubt before it turns to certainty.
That was the way the last descendant of the wolf tribe lived in the world.
“How long have you been patient?”
When Gangnan was about to stand up after finishing his errands, he heard Gaold’s voice from the forest.
After a while, the bushes cleared and he appeared in a haggard appearance.
The forest blocked the moonlight, but for some reason, his pupils seemed to radiate their own light.
As Kang Nan’s nose wrinkled, his spirit rose.
It is clear that this man, like the others, had a dark heart.
The only difference is that he is an expert who can’t even feel the presence.
“If you hold on too long, you will get sick. Did the men do anything bad to you?”
A cold smile crept across Kang’s lips.
It was because there was not a single man who really cared about himself for anyone who asked such a thing.
“I am a wolf. If you treat me as a human being, I will kill you.”
“Kangnan, you are a woman.”
Gaold moved on.
As if floating on the ground, with a calm gait, Kang Nan hesitated and stepped back.
“And I am a man.”
Kang Nan backed away without thinking back and put his back on the trunk of the tree.
Before I knew it, Gaold was right in front of me.
“Anything can happen.”
The moment the madman’s eyes cooled down, Kang Nan realized that it would be the end if he stayed as it was, and launched an attack.
Gaold’s legs popped as she landed her most confident low kick.
‘what?’
It’s like hitting an airbag full of air.
There was no shock whatsoever.
“omg!”
Gaold’s hand pressed down on Gangnan’s shoulder.
Helpless, she sat down and fell to the floor at Gaold’s hand.
Gaold sat down on her stomach and put his hands on her shoulders.
“Hey, let go of this! Otherwise… … .”
“Don’t run away from you.”
Gangnan’s mouth was closed.
“Woman or man, don’t worry about things that have already been decided. What really matters is what you can do.”
When Gaold pushed his face in, Kang Nan shuddered.
It was an inescapable fear.
“Now, tell me. What can you do at this moment?”
I can not do anything.
Her body was completely restrained, and Gaold’s abilities surpassed those of anyone she had ever met.
‘I can’t win by running away.’
He wasn’t as strong as Gaold, but his strength was clever, and Gaold’s words quickly penetrated his mind.
“Hey, haven’t I pulled up my pants yet?”
The moment Gaold was about to check, Kang Nan clenched his teeth and hit him head-on.
With a loud bang, Gaold’s body fell backwards.
“Aaaaaaaaa!”
Kang Nan stood up with a sneer as if he was delighted.
“Hey, how are you? If this… … .”
However, Gaold’s condition was not serious.
Of course, I did my best to headbutt him, but if it was normal, I would faint from shock, but it didn’t hurt that much.
“Aww! Aaaaaaa!”
Gaold was rolling on the ground holding his head.
He was much more sensitive to pain than normal people, and he felt the pain as if his brain were being stirred with an iron rod.
When Gaold’s screams didn’t stop, Kang Nan realized that the situation was serious and ran to him.
“what’s the matter? What happened?”
“Aaaaaaaa! Aaaaaaa!”
“Say something! Where are you sick?”
No matter how much Gangnan shouted, Gaold couldn’t hear it.
Gaold had to spend the dawn only in pain, and that was the beginning of a long relationship between the two.
As they roamed the world together to practice, Jiangnan learned little by little about Gaold.
He wasn’t the kind of person who liked to talk, but from the occasional combination of words that popped out, you could guess what kind of life he lived.
He was practicing to meet someone.
Adrias Miro.
When he heard that this world was being protected by a woman, he couldn’t help but respect Gangnan too.
“So Miro is the strongest woman in the world?”
“There is no concept of being the best in combat. But officially it will. Miro represented her humanity, and it’s a situation where no one can defeat her.”
Gangnan spat out indifferently and looked at Gaold’s back as he walked away.
the strongest woman in the world.
Is that man in love with such a person?
“How would you feel if I became the strongest in the world?”
Gaold turned his attention to the bold words of the girl who was still only around her waist.
“If you really want to, you might be able to reach it. But in my opinion, it’s probably impossible.”
“why? I’m not afraid of anything I will do anything to become stronger.”
Gangnan’s tenacity was acknowledged by Gaold.
He was also gifted with physical talent as a fighter.
If she grows up like this, her body will surely become a weapon.
However, Gaold also had feelings while wandering around the world, so he had no intention of adding unnecessary wind.
“It’s not a matter of talent. It is not a matter of effort.”
“Then what kind of person is Miro?”
“she is… … .”
Gaold looked at the other side of the desert where the ocher-colored wind was blowing.
“Something more than human. It’s just that I don’t have anything to define, so I just call him a human.”
She stopped and savored Gaold’s words, then followed him with a pouting lip.
“Hmph, but I think I will win in the end.”
The place they arrived was the Akkad Desert in the Kingdom of Paras in the Middle East.
Gaold said that he would practice self-denial to overcome pain there.
The desert is a land of death, and in order for the two of them to survive, misery beyond strength was essential.
In the underground cave where they lived, Gaold’s screams resonated every night, and Gangnan searched for food day and night to sustain the pain.
A madman and a wolf, reclusive in the depths of the desert, lived only by relying on each other’s warmth.
Gangnan still cannot define the relationship at that time.
family? friend? comrades? lover? or enemy.
The two people only sought each other for the feelings that ordinary humans have to experience with many people.
I couldn’t live otherwise.
Then one day, Kang Nan experiences the most terrible tragedy in the world.
“Ugh, tired.”
Taking a bundle of desert bugs in her sack, she wearily walked deep into the cave.
Then I heard Gaold’s tearing screams.
I hear screams every day, but this time, something was different.
It was mixed with anxious sound waves that I was sure of.
“mister!”
As the bundle was untied, the insects that escaped quickly spread radially.
When Kang Nan reached the end of the cave, the screams were no longer heard.
Her eyes, trembling with fear, found Gaold lying on the floor.
“mister! Mister, what’s wrong?”
“Turn it off… … .”
Gaold’s eyes were fixed on the ceiling, and saliva leaked from his mouth.
Knowing the nature of Gaold’s self-reciprocal mutation, she had a hunch.
After continuing to experiment with the threshold of nociception, the brain finally developed an abnormality.
Now he’s in hell.
They were caught in an eternal pain that they did not even know when to get out of.
“mister! Please wake up!”
It was the first time in my life that I felt fear.
Because only the two of them were the whole world, it was impossible to imagine a world without Gaold.
So the fourteen-year-old girl waited for him to return, calling Gaoldman for days and days without doing anything.
Gradually losing consciousness, she fell into Gaold’s arms and fainted. After falling asleep for three days, she slowly opened her eyes.
It was as if he had been asleep for a thousand years.
However, when she checked Gaold, who still showed no sign of waking up, her eyes showed a fierce determination unlike before.
Sasasak.
Sensitive hearing picked up the footsteps of insects crawling on the floor.
Lost in thought for a moment, she quickly reached out and grabbed the insect’s body.
She stuffed a thumb-sized worm into her mouth and chewed it, then kissed Gaold and pumped in the shredded nourishment.
Taking out a pot of drinking water and gently placing the spout of the water bottle to Gaold’s lips, she said in a determined voice, as if she had made up her mind.
“Wait, uncle. I will definitely save you. I will do anything to bring you back.”
Gangnan went out to the city of Paras.
Clinic, medicine, magic, information.
No matter what you get, what you need is money.
Does Gaold know?
What kind of life Gangnan had to live during the one year that it took for him to wake up again.
What kind of hardships he had to go through to keep an adult who was like a vegetable man incapable of doing anything.
However, Kang Nan had never mentioned what had happened at the time.
It was the time I endured while waiting for Gaold to wake up.
And when Gaold finally opened his eyes miraculously, the anger and resentment that had built up in his heart disappeared without a trace.
“Whoa.”
The first sight that came to Gaold’s eyes after he came to his senses was not the shady cave he fell into hell, but the ceiling of a simple inn.
After waiting for a while, the door clicked open.
After returning with food and medicine, Kang Nan was shocked to see Gaold lying on the bed and blinking.
“mister… … .”
Kang Nan, who threw the bag of food, jumped into Gaold’s arms and burst into tears.
“mister! mister!”
Kang Nan was 15 years old at the time.
Although only a year had passed, Gaold was unfamiliar with how Kang Nan had grown physically and mentally.
“You saved me.”
Kang Nan shook his head and wiped away tears.
he is back You won’t be alone again.
“Don’t do that again. Promise. Never leave me.”
Gaold stared at Gangnan’s face.
Because I know why you don’t ask.
Because I know the hellish time Gangnan had to fight alone to protect himself.
Gaold hugged Gangnan’s face.
“Let’s go back to Tormia. I will never leave you again.”
Gaold’s self-denial after escaping from hell was on a different level than before.
Now was the time to start in earnest.
He returns to Tormia and becomes the head of the Magic Association.
Without that much, the maze could not be recaptured, and Gangnan will play a key role in the project as his second-in-command.
Kang Nan nodded in Gaold’s arms.
The sadness I had to go through so far did not stop the tears, but it was something that Gaold couldn’t find out.
“Mister, there is one thing I have decided this time.”
When Gangnan raised his head as if he had suddenly remembered, Gaold also smiled and asked.
“Yeah, what is it?”
Kang Nan said with a bright smile.
“I will become the second strongest woman in the world.”
—————————————

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-485.txt
=============YYYYY=============
[485] Heaven’s Night (3) “What are you thinking?” The basement of the Hall of Corruption in Rakia. Kang Nan, who escaped from the flashback, raised his eyes. The fallen angel Mauriel’s subordinate, Mara Torco, was looking at him with a smile that seemed like it would smell disgusting. “Are you ready for the terrible torture that is about to happen? But blocking thoughts won’t help at all.” When Torco pulled Gangnan by the collar, there was a clicking sound and his clothes tore off. “We are all slaves to time. If you spread your time by length, you have exactly 18 hours left. It is a time where only pain and extinction await.” Torco wanted to remind him of the reality, but time had already stopped flowing in Gangnan’s mind. “Gaold is not coming.” This is the end. So whatever future awaits, it’s already over. “Cheuk, then all you have left is a desperate scream.” When Kang Nan responded with a laugh until the end, the expression on Torco’s face finally disappeared. “I got some fun stuff for the first time in a while.” Slowly backing away, Torco held out both hands, and his weapon, a two-pronged whip, was gripped in both hands. “First of all, I’ll have to mince the meat.” As soon as he finished speaking, Torco’s hands swung alternately. Every time the whip struck, Gangnan felt pain as if his skin was burning. ‘sick.’ The pain traveled through the nerves to the brain, sublimated into new mental pain, and spread. ‘sick.’ What you feel at the end of the pain is a more vague feeling. ‘It must always have been this painful.’ Even breathing was like inhaling glass powder, and even taking a step felt like walking on a nail. However, Gaold endured everything and came this far. Therefore, you can be patient with yourself. ‘I won’t scream.’ Every time the harsh whip hit him on the cheek, the time he spent with Gaold flashed in Gangnan’s mind like a thunderbolt. * * * “The sun is setting.” Sain confirmed that it was getting dark outside the forest and approached Gaold. His eyes, still gnawing at his thumb, were brutal enough to kill anyone who approached him, but even as a worldly citizen, he could not yield any more. “Make up your mind, Gaold. What are you going to do?” Gaold’s self-injury stopped with a snap of his teeth. No one here knows what Gangnan means to him. Couldn’t you have known? What I realized now is that Gaold himself had completely forgotten what she had given him. maze only. I had poured all my passion into turning the stopped clock, so I never had time to think about who was following me. ‘It’s pitiful.’ Miro was sitting on a rock with her chin resting on her face and her legs crossed. Her left leg draped over her knee swayed and swayed, representing her dissatisfaction. When the owner’s planting was not good, Arius crawled to her and received the wobbly foot as his head. With a whimper, he brushed the dirt off her bare feet with a ball, then put her toe in his mouth and began to suck on it. If Arius is a human, Miro is a god. If Miro is a human, then Arius is something less than human. Since its relative status does not change, Miro left it alone. Then, as if annoyed, he removed his toe from his mouth and kicked Arius in the face. “Beep! Knock!” Whether or not Arius rolled on the floor with a sad expression on his face, Miro stood up and strode toward Gaold. “hey! make sure! Is it me or is it that girl? I’m so annoyed I won’t be able to see you!” A huge map of heaven and humanity is being drawn in Miro’s mind, but if you look down at it from a slightly more human perspective, it’s only natural that Gaold’s indecisiveness hurts his pride. Of course, even if Gaold chooses him, he has no intention of accepting him. But that’s why it’s even more absurd that he’s lost between the two women. Gaold slowly turned his gaze to look up at the maze. There is no doubt that the woman he wanted so much, who risked his whole life, is in front of him and that he loves the maze. But why is my heart pounding? My heart, which was supposed to run blindly towards the maze, was shaking as if I was running on a dirt road whenever I thought of the river. “I can guess what kind of life you lived.” Seeing Gaold’s reaction, Miro was convinced. “I must have trained in a lot of pain. For 20 years, it must have been the years when I reached this point while only looking at myself.” Gaold just listened. It was overwhelmingly moving that a woman who was more desperate than her life would recognize her hard work, but she finally realized it. The fact that I would never have been able to get this far on my own. “You know that too, right?” Miro recalled the look in Gangnan’s eyes at the last moment. “While you were running looking at me, that child only looked at your back and ran.” Gaold looked away from Maze and looked straight ahead. maybe it’s the first time The moment Kang Nan stood in front of him. “I don’t know what the story is between the two of you… … .” “Goes.” Gaold interrupted Miro and stood up. All eyes were on him, on his lips to be exact. “I’m going to get a mutt.” No one disputed Gaold’s judgment. Because it was his fight from the beginning. However, at first glance, a sad light passed through the expression of Miro, the subject. The price that must be paid to restore Gangnan is Miro’s death. There was nothing to be afraid of because I had already made up my mind, but when Gaold made this decision, for the first time in my life, I felt a strange feeling of jealousy. But those human emotions had permeated the gigantic psyche and disappeared without a trace, and she smiled again with a relieved expression. “Okay then let’s go. If you let me go and get the child back… … .” “no. I am going alone.” Sein frowned and asked. “alone? What are you going to do?” “I told you, get the mutt back.” “But without the labyrinth… … .” Sein stopped talking as if he realized it only then. “You, can’t you?” Gaold intended to put an end to it. A resolution that can be recalled because he accomplished something more impossible than dying. Whatever the outcome, Gaold has no future. “There may be a final war. The maze must not die.” He only yielded everything in front of the giant Gaold’s emotions, and Sain knew that fact better than anyone else. “Heh, do you feel any sense of responsibility for the confusion of mankind caused by you alone?” “no.” Gaold turned his head and showed a mocking laugh. “What do you know, something like that? I’m just going to meet Gangnan. You guys do the rest yourself.” From God to Labyrinth, and now to Gangran. A human who only knew how to run forward, Miro thought, maybe that was Gaold. ‘okay. So I… … .’ Miro, who was watching Gaold leave the forest vaguely, said. “Hey, why don’t you say goodbye after doing this?” Instead of looking back, Gaold removed the branch that was blocking his path. “Let’s come back and do that. I made a reservation once.” Miro burst out laughing, realizing he wasn’t talking about goodbye. It was an ambiguous situation to reverse since she had spoken it herself. “I saw that then. If you come back intact.” “Quack.” Gaold shrugged and disappeared into the woods. ‘You’re getting stronger, Gaold. I’ve gotten really strong.’ Still annoyed with single-mindedness, but he really has reached it. He had become a man who could confidently make eye contact with himself. ‘Hello, Gaold.’ There was no more laughter to be found on Miro’s face as he turned to Sein. “You have to move fast from now on. Depending on whether we can go back or not, the risk that mankind must bear will be different.” Sein said. “What are you going to do? I stopped the explosion with a stop, but among the archangels, there might be someone with the ability to dispel magic.” It was a fact that I realized after seeing the judicial halo of the archangel of destruction, Yuriel. Ikael’s Ataraxia also surpasses common sense, but Ragnarok also possessed an ability with ideality equal to that of Ragnarok. It surrounds the whole body with the concept of destruction and inflicts a physical attack. Since the original concept is unshakable by anything, there was no way to stop Uriel once Ragnarok was activated. Miro said with her chin on. “The one who can break the stop magic must be Rayel, the archangel of light. His halo of justice should be able to achieve the speed of light. When the stop is released, my head is flying.” said Armin. “If you use the speed of light, you won’t be trapped in the time force field. But dispelling the enchantment is another matter. You probably won’t be able to destroy it easily.” Sein asked. “How much do you guess until the magic is dispelled?” “If it’s an archangel’s ability, maybe… … .” Armin was lost in thought before opening his mouth. “It will take about five minutes.” Miro nodded. “That’s enough. From now on, I will try. You guys care about your own strategy.” “What are you going to do?” “Arius.” When Miro called, Arius approached, wagging his hips as if he had a tail. “Stop being stupid. From now on, I grant you language.” Then Arius bent one knee and sat down as if he had never done that. “Arius. I obey the master’s command.” “There must be a door installed in my head. Enter the maternal consciousness once more. Twice won’t be easy.” “It is, but… … I won’t be able to dispel the archangel’s magic circle with my abilities.” “You don’t have to worry about that. I will remove the magic circle.” Miro explained the operation. “Kariel’s magic circle is blocking the cerebral circuit, preventing concentration. So you’re on my nerves Connect my nerves with a route that bypasses the magic circle. As soon as you enter the spirit zone, I infinitely reduce the magic circle with scale magic. The explosion can’t be stopped, but that’s enough to handle it.” This was the fear of scale magic. If the relative size is maximized, the reasoning created by all kinds of intellect is meaningless. It was an excellent decision even in Sein’s opinion. “Can I make it on time? If the stop is released right now, you will die.” “So you have to do it quickly. Once Arius enters consciousness, from there, time in reality is different. 5 minutes. It should be possible.” “Yes, I have no choice but to leave it to you. be careful.” It makes no sense to worry about the world’s labyrinth. “Let’s go, Arius.” Arius, who read the owner’s thoughts, cast flicker magic and moved the maze to an empty place. Sain, who sent Gaold and Miro, thought of a strategy to end the war in earnest. When the primary goal of recapturing the maze was halfway successful, the thought that came to mind was the identity of the sense of incongruity felt before coming to heaven. ‘Even though the war broke out, there is no movement of the angels. How could this be?’ In the 2nd Heaven, it was interrupted by Yuriel and Kariel, but apart from that, only the fallen angels and Maras were visible. Fighting a war, excluding ordinary angels, is like fighting with arms tied in Heaven’s position. ‘Obviously something is happening that we don’t know about. Where are you moving from? is it heaven? Or the human side?’ In any case, the fact that the Pyeongangsa did not move was an opportunity for the rebels. ‘If there is no special contact, Sirone will activate God’s Punishment by noon. He can’t help but take advantage of his current opportunity.’ Whatever the outcome, tomorrow the war is over. —————————————

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-486.txt
=============YYYYY=============
[486] Heaven’s Night (4)
“It is impossible.”
Uriel tilted his head.
He proposed to the Archangel of Light, Rayel, to release the stop magic on Kariel, but the answer was surprisingly refused.
“why? If it’s your ability, you should be able to do enough to reverse the stopped time.”
Rayel’s concept of the source is light.
Manipulating electromagnetic force freely, he was the greatest speed maniac in heaven.
“Should we call it the logic of power?”
Rayel, along with the other three archangels, told the story of the collision with Ikael.
“Ra has banned the activities of the angels, and the archangel Ikael follows the will of Ra. For that reason, I can’t release Kariel.”
If Ikael had made such a judgment, there was only one way for Uriel to choose.
“I will activate the white watch.”
Baek Kyung, the highest executive body in heaven.
As the scenery disappeared and the white space filled in, the archangels revealed themselves one after another.
Of course, Kariel, who was under the stop magic, could not come, and this time, the archangel of extinction, Faiel, also did not attend.
The other archangels did not know that it was because the Archangel Ikael, the highest authority in Heaven, had arrived.
“Uriel, why did you activate the white watch?”
Ikael’s eyes were more authoritative than ever when he convinced the archangel of the 4 great powers with the logic of power.
“Kariel fell under human magic. As it is a wartime situation, I want to borrow Rayel’s strength.”
Ikael thought for a moment before opening his mouth.
“I allow it.”
The eyes of the archangels were simultaneously focused on Ikael.
“Are you okay? Kariel’s rebellion consequently dispersed Heaven’s power. You will have to take responsibility for that.”
“Winning the war comes first.”
The archangels shut up.
The activities of the ordinary angels were banned by Ra, and the resistance of humans was much stronger than expected.
Of course, I still don’t think I’ll lose, but it was a shame to even think that way.
‘Why did the angel named Ra ban the activities?’
It was a fact that even the archangels who dealt with the concept of the source could not know.
“Mirka is dead.”
Methiel, the archangel of union, said.
With her hair as thin as gold threads hanging down from side to side, she displayed an expression of anger that her beautiful face could not produce.
“Sirone, this is the work of the Nephilim.”
When a boy’s name appeared, the eyes on Ikael sharpened again.
Fairy 2nd class Mirka.
The case of her death, which is equivalent to the highest adult in the internal government, quickly spread throughout Heaven, and Sirone became the enemy of many fairies.
“Is it that strong, only the Nephilim?”
Satiel, the archangel of disintegration, said.
Although they resembled Methiel like twins in appearance, they had a violent temperament that anyone could tell them apart.
Sensing her energy, the astral bodies of the archangels all lit up at once.
If this place hadn’t been the white view of the unification of all things, all matter around it would have been disintegrated into particles.
Ikael, having read the archangels’ complaints, said:
“I should have already said that I would take over Sirone.”
Metatron opened his mouth.
“That’s the problem. Why are you obsessed with the Nephilim? Maybe that boy… … .”
As Metatron’s words cut off, silence fell over the White Watch.
Even the archangel, who had nothing to fear in the world, did not dare to speak out.
Metatron’s mouth disappeared.
There was nothing below the nose, as if it had been covered with skin.
There is one case where this is possible.
Anchera.
The archangels just rolled their eyes at the first act of his will.
In fact, the question that Metatron came up with was also the question of all the archangels, but you shouldn’t pay attention now.
‘Alternatively, Ra… … .’
The obliteration of the original concept causes too much change no matter how much the Akashic Records dominate.
That’s why only the mouth was made to disappear, but the will was conveyed that if it went against the planting even a little, it would be erased.
‘Yeah, there’s something. What is my relationship with Sirone?’
Ikael felt Ra’s will as well, but any further interest was poison.
If Ra had already made up his mind before he lost his memory and had Ra reinstated him, following his will at the time was the clearest solution.
“I will kill Sirone.”
Ikael’s declaration weighed down the white whale with a great sense of intimidation.
“As you can see, Ra’s will is firm. The activities of ordinary angels are prohibited. However, archangel level is allowed to protect Arabot. This is my conclusion. I will vote from now on.”
As expected, the results were unanimous.
* * *
The head of Miro, who was sitting cross-legged in a deep cave and closed her eyes, began to glow brightly.
As Archangel Rayel released the stop on Kariel, the 0.1 second remaining until the explosion began to decrease again.
0.09 seconds. 0.08 seconds… … .
And now, in Miro’s mother’s mind, her incarnation and Arius were destroying the magic circle with all their might.
“Connected!”
Arius correctly connected the cerebral nerves in the labyrinth even when he was blind.
It was only possible because he was able to use microscopic space among scale magics.
When the line of light extended and succeeded in bypassing the circuit blocked by Kariel’s magic circle, the magic circle suddenly vibrated as if it would cause an explosion.
The incarnation of Miro bit her lips with a dismayed expression.
‘Is it already too late?’
It was unpredictable because it was not known how far it differed from real time.
Miro activated the Spirit Zone through the circuit that Arius bypassed.
Immediately after casting the scale magic, the magic circle began to shrink at a tremendous speed.
The only thing you can tell when you feel the detonation effect of the magic circle is that you can’t match it in time.
‘no. If it explodes in this state, the damage is too great.’
It’s not like my head would explode because I’ve reduced the scale, but I guess about 15 percent of my brain was damaged, so I couldn’t exert my full strength.
“Arius!”
“yes!”
Arius, who spread both hands and emits light, turned his head and shouted.
At the same time, Miro ran and threw the magic circle, which had become as small as a fingernail, into his mouth.
“eat!”
Since everything here is the spirit of the labyrinth, if an explosion occurs here, the damage goes to the labyrinth.
However, Arius is a foreign substance that entered Miro’s thoughts.
Therefore, the impact is mitigated by putting a foreign material in the foreign material.
“Ouch!”
Arius, who swallowed the magic circle, looked at the laughing maze in amazement.
“Hehe, isn’t it better for your heart to suffer than for my head?”
‘iced coffee.’
Arius wept.
‘beautiful. It’s so lovely.’
pop!
As Arius’s body shuddered, an explosion occurred on the ship.
At the same time, the maze of reality bounced aside as if it had been hit by something in a cross-legged state.
“Ah, it’s the head!”
It was an explosion that came in through shock offset, so his brain was safe, but smoke was rising from Arius’s mouth as he escaped through the door.
“are you okay?”
Arius, who was holding his stomach while sighing, nodded with a pitiful expression.
“Yes, it is fine.”
There can be no personal sorrow for the sacred Miro.
Also, even in the wizard’s judgment, if one of the two had to suffer, it was right for him to suffer.
‘ah… … Mr. Miro.’
Arius, who suddenly realized, lowered his head.
The impression that she cared for his safety made him forget even for a moment the pain of his internal organs being overturned.
“Dear Miro.”
“huh?”
“If I could love you, I would do anything. Give me a chance… … .”
“do you want to die?”
“I’m sorry!”
Feeling the pressure of the absolute, Arius, who came to his senses, hurriedly lowered his head.
Arius, the only human who has reached Miro’s mother’s mind, knows.
What was her trauma that she found in the temple of Dremo.
‘As expected, you… … .’
While Arius was lost in his thoughts, the labyrinth went out of the cave.
The sun was setting and the moon was rising.
‘I can use magic, but the barrier of time and space is broken, so I can’t stop the war alone.’
“What are you going to do next?”
Arius asked with a guilty expression, and Miro looked back with a beautiful smile.
“What should I do? Heaven must be explored.”
It wasn’t a maze to miss an opportunity like this.
* * *
The war, which broke out early in the morning, did not enter a lull until around midnight.
Small-scale local warfare was still taking place in each district of Heaven, but it was not as fierce as during the day.
To summarize the first day’s battle, it is safe to say that it was a one-sided victory for the rebels.
From the 1st thousand to the 6th thousand, the distance of movement of the rebels who broke through the Outer Gate from all sides and advanced to Arabot was such that when Heaven was divided into three concentric circles, they would fit within the second concentric circle.
The rebel command, currently commanded by Crude, was preparing for tomorrow by establishing an advance base in the middle of Matei, the 5th Heaven.
The son-in-law was silent, as if everyone was asleep, but everyone was lost in their own thoughts except for those who had fainted from exhaustion.
It was the same with Kanya and Lena, who belonged to the headquarters.
It was natural for them to see their parents’ faces shimmering in the stars as they sat side by side.
Instead of shedding a tear, Lena leaned her shoulder on Kanya.
He still had a family to rely on, so even expressing his sorrow was not polite to the other rebels.
Chiing. Chiing.
Kanya’s face crumpled as she heard a calming metallic sound.
After patrolling the garrison according to the program, Babel was returning.
When not on duty, she is programmed to take care of Kanya and Lena.
It’s a part where you can feel Sirone’s consideration, but I thought it was even more terrible for Kanya.
enemies of parents.
To have to fight alongside a machine that penetrated his father’s torso.
“Applying the Syrone Algorithm. Protect Kanya and Lena. Mission accomplished.”
“shut up.”
The moment she heard Babel’s mechanical voice, Kanya’s patience snapped.
“Shut up!”
“The log is set to open.”
“Log? Are there any logs that killed my father?”
“Search complete. Data number 0342-24-6-46.”
“Shut up!”
Babel, who read the abnormal wavelength in Kanya’s voice, switched to emergency mode and muted it.
“You know what? do you have a family Do you feel the pain?”
Babel was silent.
It was the judgment with the best result among the many data she could choose from.
“Answer me. Tell me how you can be in the most pain!”
“I understand the pain. But there is no neural mechanism for feeling pain.”
Kanya gave a lively smile.
“okay? wait and see i will definitely find it When the war is over, I will destroy you in front of everyone’s eyes, horribly, humiliatingly, in the most scornful way in the world!”
Babel answered after a while.
“When the war is over, I will pay the price.”
As Kanya gritted her teeth and turned around, she heard the commander’s voice.
“Don’t get excited. I will save even that anger and pour it out tomorrow.”
“Commander.”
Kanya and Lena stood up at the same time and saluted.
“I can’t seem to sleep. Well, is it normal?”
Tomorrow, all the rebels will try to enter Arabbot, the center of Heaven.
No one wants to save their lives.
Maybe the month I see now could be the last month, so sleep wasn’t an important issue.
“Commander, at this time… … .”
Crude laughed bitterly.
“I can’t sleep either. But it’s good to keep your eyes closed. We are going to win, not to die.”
Kanya nodded coldly.
He knew what it meant when he left out the word “you can live” in Crude’s words.
Chiing!
Babel’s eyes suddenly lit up.
The red laser quickly scanned the front and immediately identified the behavior winner and reported it.
“Creature appeared 600 meters ahead. Thermal sensor operation. Body temperature 40.1 degrees. Target class ally. name. Ravid Flu.”
—————————————

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-487.txt
=============YYYYY=============
[487] Night in Heaven (5)
“Flu?”
Crude’s eyes flashed.
Fleur is a member of Sirone’s team, and they are moving on a completely different line from the rebels.
How did she come to this place?
As Kurd ran, Kanya and Lena followed, and Babel escorted them all by flying like a self-leverage.
“Flu!”
When Crud arrived, she was already on the floor unable to hold on.
“this… … !”
Flew was dressed as a subject, apparently stolen.
But even that was worn in places, and numerous wounds were visible between them.
‘I was terribly beaten.’
He had bruises all over his shoulders, thighs and calves, as if he had fallen from a high place.
“Hey, Crude… … .”
When a leaking sound came out of Fleur’s mouth, Crude hurriedly shouted.
“we are here. Where did you get so injured?”
“Shehakim… … .”
“Shehakim?”
Crude’s face turned into an embarrassing expression.
Is it that he ran such an incredible distance with this face?
“Something urgent… … very urgent… … .”
Flew passed out again, unable to finish his sentence.
Realizing that the condition is serious, Crude looked back at Kanya and Lena and said.
“I have to move at once. To the Nord infirmary!”
Babel immediately carried out the order.
Because the rebels were united, there were competent Norse mages on standby at the headquarters.
After pouring the flue into a huge tank of water and casting the water magic Orhiri, her wounds began to heal little by little.
After three hours, Flu was moved to the recovery room and his breathing was more even than before.
Crude, who had been awake for about an hour, opened the door to the recovery room and looked at her.
‘Flu… … .’
From the first time I saw her, she was a person who had a place in Crud’s heart.
Is there any reason?
No, maybe there is, but why bother thinking about what it is?
A personality as strong as a stubborn appearance.
The Sirone team are all people with a mysterious atmosphere, but among them, Fleur was the most mysterious to Crude.
In the world of Sirone, people who are perfectly specialized in the social system created by humans, not in heaven, are called professionals.
But at this moment, I couldn’t feel the knife-like vigilance I felt from her.
Maybe that’s why a woman who fell asleep is beautiful.
Crude’s hand moved slowly toward her forehead.
The pretext of wanting to know how hot the heat is is just self-justification, but in the end, his wish was not fulfilled by Flew’s brow furrowing.
“Huh!”
Crude hurriedly withdrew his hand, saw Fleur slowly open his eyes and spoke to him.
“How are you? Are you okay?”
“here is?”
As soon as Flew came to his senses, he linked his consciousness to his memory.
Then I did a quick search around.
A room with the characteristics of Mecca. And in front of her eyes, Crud was looking down at herself.
‘You’ve arrived. I don’t remember anything after I entered Matei.’
A distance that cannot be reached with only superhuman mental strength.
Had it not been for the help of the algorithm, he would have been caught and killed by the giant.
But even that relief was nothing compared to the crushing misery.
Mission failed.
Her mission is to safely transport Sirone to Arabot.
The fact that he did not play a proper role as a supporter shattered the pride of a top graduate of the Royal Magic School.
Crud couldn’t say anything at the sight of Fleur trembling with her mouth tightly closed and her fists clenched.
Perhaps, as the person who saved her life, she wanted at least a word of thanks, but in Fleur’s mind, only self-reproach for her failure and a way to make up for it lingered.
Having made her decision, Flew jumped to her feet.
Even though the wound was healed, the pain did not completely go away, but I clenched my teeth and endured it.
“How is the war situation? How far did you push it?”
As the story progressed to war, Crude put aside his emotions and spoke.
“More than half of them pushed through. The remaining distance to Arabot is about 40 kilometers. But the battles from now on will be different.”
Thanks to the fact that there was no activity of the angels and the firepower of the rebels was stronger than expected, we were able to achieve today’s results, but it was not just because we won in the logic of power.
“If you look at it calmly, you can see that the enemy’s defense radius was too wide. However, as you approach the center of the concentric circles, the defensive range will narrow and the density of enemies will increase.”
“Perhaps. Can you break through?”
“In my opinion… … impossible. Even if the forward distance is the same, the enemy’s density will jump at least 3 times. There will never be a situation where we can break through like yesterday.”
Crude said honestly.
Also, this was the reason why he couldn’t give Kanya and Lena any hope of life.
“Hmm, I guess.”
“It is something that cannot be wasted time. As soon as Heaven’s interceptor system Aegis is restored, gunfire will explode from all directions. supercharged kill. That is my strategy.”
Flu, realizing that there were bones in Crude’s words, turned her head.
“Is there an operation?”
“We will focus the rebels on Jebul. Destroying Heaven’s walls with Titans and crowding them out. And from there enter Arabot.”
Jebul is a city of powerful angels, but there are currently no angelic activities.
It was a strategy that felt like gambling to some extent, but it was definitely the only way the rebels had any chance of winning.
“But didn’t you say you had something to tell me?”
I heard that right before I lost consciousness.
But Flew was still lost in thought and was silent.
‘Mr. Sein… … .’
Just before departing from purgatory for heaven, Fleur received two special orders from Sein.
One is to move the Terminator to Arabot.
And this mission must be prioritized no matter what the circumstances.
Here, Sein gave one more mission.
“If Sirone arrives safely in Arabot, or if you fail to transport or leave the team due to some variable, you go see the rebel commander.”
“Mr. Crude?”
“We need to tell you about God’s punishment. Perhaps, if the second situation were to happen, the outcome of the war would most likely be in Syrone’s hands. It’s best to use it as much as possible, but it doesn’t matter if I tell you by then.”
It was a calculated yet humane judgment.
Once divine punishment has been invoked, there is no means to stop it.
Heaven will be destroyed and there will be explosions in a huge radius.
If the rebels were concentrated near Arrabot, they too could not escape death.
Even so, the reason I’ve been hiding it so far is a terribly selfish mind to make this project successful.
Flu wasn’t afraid.
Under any accusation, the mage carries out her mission.
Also, knowing her personality, Sain entrusted Fleur with the task of playing the villain.
“Before spreading the operation, I have something to tell you.”
Fleur told everything without hesitation.
Sirone’s magic will destroy heaven, and the time when the magic is cast is noon tomorrow at the latest.
It was impossible to guarantee success, but it was information that the rebels had to risk their lives for.
Upon hearing the truth, Crude’s face turned pale.
Arabot, the land of victory, quickly turned into a land of death.
If you advance, you die; if you retreat, you die.
was used
Hundreds of thousands of rebels were put on the list of life and death because of just a few from the land country.
“From the beginning… … You tricked us.”
No matter what his true intentions were, if he lost momentum, it would be the end, so Flew didn’t blink an eye.
“As the president of the association said, it wouldn’t be a bad suggestion for the rebels. Didn’t you risk your life to win the war anyway? then… … .”
“Now call it a horse!”
Crude threw away his usual cool-headedness and shouted out loud.
“You think giving your life for your beliefs is the same as dying at the hands of others! Then what the hell are we fighting for?”
Fleur kept her mouth shut.
Even if I tried to hold on, there was no way to refute it. Because it was like that from the beginning.
“Now what are you asking me to do? Should I tell the former crew? Even if you go to Arabot, the only thing waiting for you is death! Even at this moment, the crew can’t even sleep in fear! How are you supposed to talk to such people!”
“that… … .”
Flew gritted his teeth.
Desperately clearing his mind, he glared at Crude.
“It is none of my business.”
Crud’s eyes were filled with life.
Even in this moment of glaring to death, Flew was brazenly confident.
“shit! Shit!”
Crud knocked down all the equipment in the recovery room and walked to the door.
bang! The sound of the door closing violently seemed to represent his feelings.
Only after Crud left, Fleur frowned at the pain that afflicted her whole body.
‘How far did Sirone go?’
No, did he survive the shelling of the fairies?
If alive, you must go to Arabot to complete your last mission as a supporter.
Pushing Kubrick forward, she brought out Phoenix.
His stamina was significantly reduced, but as long as his limbs moved, he could not stop.
‘Wait a minute, Sirone… … .’
While Flew was leaving the rebel headquarters, Crude stood in front of the voice transmitter in the command and control room.
have to say
It is said that they fight to win, but at least each of them should be allowed to choose their own death.
“Inform the command staff.”
Crude’s voice was transmitted to each room through the airwaves.
Hundreds of simultaneous sounds echoed through the stillness of the night, echoing faintly in Fleur’s ears.
“I’m about to announce something important right now. At dawn, the war will resume, and we will win in the end. but… … .”
Crude paused for a moment.
I just couldn’t get it out of my mouth.
When instructions are given, information will spread rapidly through wireless communication, and tens of thousands of rebels will fight the fear of death tonight.
Wouldn’t even a commander have the right to plunge so many people into despair?
As the silence grew longer, the awakened crew members looked up at the speaker with puzzled eyes.
It was obviously not good news, so their eyes were gradually filled with anxiety.
“… … let’s fight.”
Crude’s locked voice continued.
“Let’s fight to the end.”
Crude gnashed his teeth and spat out words as if squeezing them out, and his eyes widened toward the darkness without a target.
You cannot give up here.
If you tell the truth to the rebels, despair will come one after another.
That would immediately lead to a weakening of power, and it was like presenting only miserable defeat to the crew members who were prepared to fight to the death.
‘I’m responsible for everything.’
Even if he becomes the worst commander in history, even if he is called a demon, he must lead everyone to death.
Crude cried out with hot tears.
“Will win! I will definitely win and get my freedom back! Today is the most brilliant day in our human history! Let’s all give up on living and fight!”
“Waaaaaaa!”
The determination of the commander in chief of the rebels was more effective than a short nap, and the soldiers shouted in numerous barracks.
A huge sound, like the whole radius, reached Flew’s ears as he left headquarters.
‘Fight. I will fight until the end.’
Even limping from the pain of the contusion all over her body, she did not slow down.
I could see the hazy dawn breaking over the distant horizon.
The last night in heaven was coming to an end.
—————————————

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-488.txt
=============YYYYY=============
[488] New variable (1)
‘It’s dawn.’
In the midst of the chaotic battle, Sirone sensed the sky brightening.
As Armand’s dilated pupils narrowed to let in as much light as possible, each Kergo warrior’s terrified expression was clearly visible.
“Kill! Don’t back down!”
Even the face of the Kergo tribe chief who shouted that way was pale.
They have trained their schema by hunting heresy for hundreds of years, but the Elysion that Sirone uses is truly an unknown territory.
The boundaries of the Spirit Zone disappeared, and dozens of photon cannons swept left and right as if scratching the space.
The enemy’s blades could not cut Armand, and the tentacles endlessly sucked up the corpses and gave Sirone vitality.
And when the multiple beams finally exploded, grotesque screams filled the surroundings.
Dozens of light sources were emitting light, crushing all Kergo hunting troops.
Left alone, Sirone’s eyes were filled with sadness.
I had dozens of reasons to go to war in my head, but every time a life was destroyed, the reason was also erased, and now I didn’t know what I was fighting for.
‘scary.’
As a wizard and as a member of Gaold’s team, I did not come to heaven without even this level of determination.
What was truly terrifying was his self-determination and lack of inspiration.
“Rian.”
Shirone’s cold face suddenly twisted and tears flowed down her face.
“It’s so scary, Rian.”
“There! chase! Never miss it!”
Again, heresy hunters came in pursuit.
As long as Sirone smells of blood, they will follow you everywhere.
As soon as the Kergo warrior approached as fast as an arrow and swung the sword vertically down, Akamai’s eyes activated the antithesis.
Armand’s tentacles burst the enemy’s face before he could stop the action.
The battle that followed was the same one-sided slaughter as before.
Kuzen’s ability to metabolize food does not allow Shirone to be fatigued.
Ringer’s armor does not allow wounds, and Kenser’s absolute restoration does not allow injuries.
The Ultima System, reinforced with all kinds of abilities, was imbuing magic into every space Jikji recognized.
Akamai subdued the enemies, Galtomic’s magical power amplification maximized its power, and enemies that approached were cut away by the blades of the tentacles.
‘shit! It’s a monster! I’m not human!’
The pursuers, who thought they only had the symbolism of the light of Area 73, were terrified when they encountered Sirone’s inaction, which was no different from a martial god.
‘Elysion!’
As Shirone’s eyes pierced the world with Jikji, numerous photon cannons were born from the ground and shot up into the sky.
It was a sight as if a huge flash of light stood up in a bunch.
It was extremely difficult for a human with eyes on his head to adapt to the attack from under his feet, and the enemies died without even getting close to Sirone.
After another battle, a wave of sorrow surged in.
“Peope.”
Sirone put her hand on her chest and checked Feope’s condition.
I didn’t stop breathing, but I felt that my vitality was far less than before.
That feeble vitality whipped Sirone’s mind.
“We have to go to Arabot.”
Sirone’s robes, darkened by the blood of countless people, quickly absorbed the blood and turned it into energy.
Based on that power, Sirone moved forward.
As the destination got closer, the number of pursuers began to decrease significantly.
It would not be without the influence of the divine aura of Arabot, but I thought that something big might have happened in other areas except Shehakim.
Finally, when the walls of Arabot came into view, Sirone cast teleportation and stopped in one place.
‘This is the first point.’
Sein designated three points where God’s Punishment could be cast, and Sirone also learned the falling trajectory accordingly.
Heaven will be destroyed if magic is cast here.
However, Sirone ignored the point and walked away.
In the absence of specific tactical instructions, God’s Punishment was promised to be cast at the closest point to Arabot.
However, do not exceed noon.
If there had been a flu, I would have been in a better position to judge, but the outcome would have been the same anyway.
‘I’m going to meet Ikael. Wait a minute, Peope.’
Sirone immediately jumped and crossed the walls of Arabot.
The Gaold team and the rebels were the first to arrive at Arabot.
At the second point, Sirone paused for a moment.
Even though he got close enough to see the spire where Anchera resided in the distance, there was no one to stop him.
The place where Sirone could finally meet someone was only two kilometers away from Arabot, where even the third point had been passed.
The archangel of amplification, Ikael, was waiting for Sirone with the spire on his back.
“You’re here at last, Sirone.”
How many dead lines have you crossed?
The eyes, which seemed to have dried up to dryness, did not convey any real emotions.
Even in the face of Ikael’s apparent hostility, Sirone did not waver in her gait.
“I have a favor to ask you.”
“I refuse. you and i are enemies If you come any further, you have no choice but to kill them. no… … .”
Ikael’s body leaned slowly.
The reason for blocking her heart was clear to her as well.
“I’ll kill you anyway.”
pop! The air exploded and Ikael’s figure disappeared.
The place where she appeared was right behind where Sirone was standing.
Ikael’s fist, which increased his speed and rushed in vain, cut through the air and stopped, and her brows narrowed.
Sirone was standing 10 meters away from Ikael.
Above her head, Ikasa’s judicial halo Valhalla action was spinning.
Although he was downgraded to a fallen angel and had most of his powers restrained, the power of the judicial halo is the same as that of other angels.
It was natural for Ikael to recall the connection of Ataraxia he had passed down after watching the Valhalla action.
‘To make full use of two angelic magics.’
It is impossible for anyone in Heaven, and therefore Sirone must die.
Having made up his mind, Ikael threw himself again.
It was such a fast movement that only afterimages could be seen even with Armand’s nervous system strengthening.
Perong! The air exploded again, and Ikael thrust out his fist.
“… … .”
But this time, Sirone’s figure had disappeared.
Ikasa’s Valhalla action must consume all the time required for the cause at the cost of preempting the effect.
It was definitely her judgment that gave Shirone time.
However, the reason why I didn’t think it was a mistake was because I thought it would never be avoided this time.
‘How did you see it?’
Ikael slowly turned his head to check Sirone, who had gone behind him before he knew it.
Armand’s tentacles fluttered and prepared to face him in earnest.
But the reason she was surprised was rather invisible.
The focal point of Sirone’s mind had disappeared.
And it was Gaia’s ability that clearly remained in her memory.
“Elysion?”
Ikael muttered involuntarily, frowning with a painful expression.
“Black!”
I had already organized my thoughts, but another sense was trying to connect with the other side of oblivion.
‘You shouldn’t try to remember.’
That is Ankera’s will.
Quickly recovering her mind, she suddenly changed again with cold eyes.
“You are much stronger. In just a few days.”
Recognize it with the Ultima system and evade it with Valhalla action.
It was certainly possible, but Ikael could only think of it as foolishness.
“Did you just try to deal with me that much?”
You can only avoid it once anyway.
Due to the nature of Valhalla’s action, if you apply a combo attack, you can never dodge it.
No, in fact there is no need for that.
Knowing Sirone’s level, it was enough to move fast enough to be undetectable even with a straight line.
When Sirone took out Peope from her arms, Ikael’s eyes turned to the skinny fairy.
“I am still alive. If it is you, you will be able to revive Feope.”
Feope was a name familiar to Ikael as well.
Because it was the fairy who brought Sirone when he first came to heaven.
But now it was a wartime situation, and Feope was a heretic who helped Sirone.
“Don’t get me wrong, Sirone. You can’t do any business with me. Will I be able to survive this time… … .”
“I know you can kill me.”
Ching!
A magic circle of Valhalla action was born on Sirone’s head.
“Because Archangel Ikael is probably the strongest being in heaven.”
“… … What do you want to say?”
Sirone looked up at the magic circle floating above her head and said.
“Valhalla action reverses cause and effect. It means that any action can lead to immediate results… … .”
Ikael’s voice became ferocious.
“Are you kidding the archangel?”
All the magic of the angels is in Ikael’s head.
Because she is the source of all justice.
“So I am explaining. If you have already reached the result, you will never be able to go back.”
Sirone turned her gaze to Ikael again.
“Right now, this Valhalla action is enchanted with many things. I’m going to amplify the laser with Ataraxia and shoot it into the sky. Then, at an altitude of 6,000 kilometers, a new magic will be cast. By using divine particles to compress mass. Then, a light spear with a mass of 10 tons in terms of this planet will be completed.”
Ikael’s face began to contort.
“And that spear will fall exactly on Arabot.”
“Sirone… … .”
It is possible.
Ikael, who preceded the destruction of Uriel and the birth of Kariel, could not have known that fact.
The biggest problem was the Valhalla action.
Sirone’s explanation was lengthy, but if you use Valhalla Action’s magic, it all happens in an instant.
“I’m sorry. By using the magic you taught me in this way. Points cannot be taught. You’ll be able to predict and kill me before casting the spell. But in the end there will be no way to stop me. so… … .”
Sirone held out Peope with a desperate look.
“Save this fairy. It became like this to save me. Let me do what I can.”
Ikael shook his head as if to shake off the conflict.
Peope is not the problem.
If Sirone invokes God’s Punishment, there won’t be many beings who can survive in heaven.
No, the power was expected to be strong enough to destroy even an archangel if it was hit directly.
“If you cast that magic, do you think you can live? The price of a Valhalla action will immobilize you for a very long time. If you do that, your life will also be lost.”
“You still don’t know?”
As Sirone approached, Ikael stepped back as if to keep his distance.
In terms of power, she is second to none in Heaven, but at present all options are left to Sirone.
“I have a mission to destroy Heaven. But I’m saying I’ll give up the mission if I let Feope live. so… … .”
At a distance closer than before, Sirone’s steps stopped abruptly.
“Whatever decision you make, it has nothing to do with me dying.”
Ikael’s nose wrinkled.
All circumstances and situations were perfectly organized in my head, but I couldn’t make any choice.
“… … .”
Perong. Perong.
In the midst of a very long silence, the sound of war guns came from the sky from the 1st to 6th heaven.
—————————————

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-489.txt
=============YYYYY=============
[489] New variable (2)
Six hours before Sirone enters Arabot.
Etela received a special order from Sein and arrived at the deep forest in the first thousand Sharmain.
‘It’s late. If you don’t come… … .’
Gaold asked the leader of the night army, Frankwine, to save one item, and in return, the night army was allowed free access to the 2nd Rebel Command, where Raysis was the commander.
The object that Gaold wanted to obtain through Night Blindness was an ancient artifact called a disc.
As the space-time of the maze disappeared, the coordinates also changed.
The old Metagate was rendered useless, so Gaold devised a plan to extract new coordinates from the Akashic Records.
Even if the parts change, the whole is perfect.
Therefore, as the space-time of the labyrinth disappears, new and accurate coordinates must be recorded in the Akashic Records.
It was a disk called Guffin’s relic that could extract the coordinates and input them into a new metagate.
After the erasure of the Guffin, no remains of the Guffin remain in Heaven.
However, some relics used in the ruins were still spread throughout Purgatory.
‘If I can’t get the disc, I’ll have to be stuck in heaven until humanity does something about it.’
Ethella also knows how difficult the mission is because she has done countless hunts in Purgatory.
Nevertheless, the reason Gaold made the proposal was because they were the Night League, the best organization in the community of Purgatory.
If they can’t do it, nobody can.
“I was wondering if someone was coming to meet me, and they sent such a beauty. She sure knows how to do business. A guy named Gaold.”
Deep in the forest, Frankwine’s voice was heard.
When Ethella turned her head, the shrubbery opened like a door, and Frankwine and Meatgun approached side by side.
Time was running out, so Ethella got to the point.
“Did you get anything?”
Meatgun took out a palm-sized square stone slab from his inner pocket and held it forward.
There is no way to confirm whether or not it is genuine, but the stone slab was engraved with henna and gave off a faint red glow.
‘There’s no reason to trade lies when you’ve already got everything you’ve got. I have to go to Jebul with this quickly.’
Perhaps by now, Armin, Shiina, and Quan and the others should have been heading to Ingris of Jebul.
It was Etella’s mission instructed by Sein to deliver the disk there.
“thank you. Thanks to work… … .”
Ethella, who was approaching Meatgun, stopped abruptly.
An unusual murderous feeling penetrated straight into her heart, causing her heart to sink.
With the sound of a strong wind, Frankwine’s fist cut through Etella’s temple.
Leaving behind an afterimage, Ethella bent her back and stepped back, unable to properly balance herself.
“What is this… … .”
The moment she looked at Frankwine’s face, Ethella had a hunch.
“Who are you?”
“Quack, well. Who is it?”
Frankwine’s temperament was different from before.
Of course, the fact that he is more like a bad person than a good person has been felt since the first meeting.
But this time it wasn’t just that.
It was so lopsided that it was rather plain, and a clean evil energy was spreading out.
‘How can humans… … ?’
The moment she saw a small dot wandering around in one of Frankwine’s pupils, Ethella took a combat stance.
fly.
A fly hovered around Frankwine’s eyes as if trapped in a glass globe.
“You were not human.”
“Keuk, know with honor. Because I chose you as the flare of my resurrection.”
With a bang, the soil on the floor exploded, and Frankwine’s body rushed towards Etella.
‘Schema?’
A physical ability different from that.
The night-blind people came from a different place from Sirone’s world, and the way they used their powers was also different.
If Meat Gun distorts the three fields of time, space, and spirit to activate special abilities, Frank Wine was classified as a warrior who only strengthened physical abilities.
It was straight, but since it only aimed at vital points, Etella couldn’t find room for a counterattack and was in a hurry to defend.
It would not be an exaggeration to say that Yin-Yang Wave Fist had all its true intentions in the final destruction, but the techniques that reached that point were being crushed by Frank Wine’s momentum.
As they retreated down the hillside, Frankwine approached, closing the distance.
Ethella crossed her arms and raised her guard.
At the same time, Frankwine grabbed her by the wrist and opened it wide to face her.
The moment I saw the wickedly torn corner of my mouth and the fly clinging to one of my pupils, I got goosebumps.
“Hehe, what should we do for our pretty girl?”
Ethella furrowed her thin eyebrows and swung her shin, striking Frankwine in the crotch.
Frankwine’s eyebrows twitched as he heard the sound of something being crushed.
In that state, the two couldn’t move for a long time, and finally Frankwine’s head slowly went down.
Dirty water was leaking from between the legs.
‘finished.’
Since vital points among vital points were destroyed, even the strongest would have no choice but to lose consciousness or die.
However, to the dismay of her expectations, Frank Wein’s head, looking down, slowly began to rise again.
“Hehe, it’s different from what it looks like. I don’t hate this again.”
Ethella froze, staring straight ahead, not even knowing that Frankwine had already let go of her wrist.
Even though it had only turned half a turn, the figure of Frankwine twisting his back looked like a whirlpool.
‘I have to stop… … .’
Realizing it belatedly, her arms came down to her abdomen again, but Frank Wein’s fists were already pressing down as if they were going to pierce the stomach through the border of the guard.
“Ouch!”
Etella’s body, which uttered a muddy death sentence, was shot away like a cannonball.
Even after breaking down several thick trees, the speed of flight did not drop, and finally, a thud was heard from outside the line of sight.
“Are you okay?”
Meat Gun approached with a crooked head.
It would be presumptuous to worry about Frankwine, who boasts strong leadership to the extent that he swears absolute obedience, but since the affected part was the part, human sympathy was felt.
“What do you know? Whether it explodes or not.”
Frankwine grabbed his crotch, which was damp as if he had urinated on his pants, and shook it, then turned around.
“I’ll be going to Jebul, so finish it and come. I must be busy to take over heaven.”
Mitgan kept his head down until Frankwine had left, then watched his back as he walked away.
‘Satan… … .’
After many twists and turns, when Frank Wine arrived at the 2nd Headquarters with the disk in his hands, there was someone waiting for him.
A middle-aged man wearing a bowler hat, wearing glasses and holding a cane with both hands, introduced himself as Satan and asked Frankwine for a deal.
-Are you satisfied with being the ruler of purgatory? sell me your soul Then I’ll give you the whole heaven.
Selling your soul and eating heaven are things you have to think about, but Frankwine didn’t worry for a second.
Even in the original world, to him who sold anything for profit, the soul was nothing more than a useless currency.
Satan held out a fly in a small vial, and merged it with Frankwine through the Fusics Machine in the headquarters.
As Mitgan knows, the anecdote’s liquor is a method in which multiple creatures are melted and reborn into completely new forms, but strangely, the fly did not melt into Frankwine and settled in the pupil.
‘It’s just that they didn’t mix…’ … .’
Thought.
But that was the key concept and huge potential to eat heaven whole.
‘Follow the will of the boss. That’s the only fate of the second person.’
After thinking about it, Mitgan slowly moved to the spot where Etella flew away.
Etela sprawled under the spot where the ripples were formed on the huge rock wall.
Seeing that there was no movement, it was highly likely that he had stopped breathing, but he had to finish as Frank Wein ordered.
“Don’t be resentful. Everyone dies.”
Mitgan, who was sitting next to Ethella, took out a dagger from his bosom and raised it up, aiming it at the soft nape of her neck.
“It’s all about living.”
The moment he thrust the dagger down vertically with all his might, Etela’s two hands, which jumped up to her feet, grabbed her wrists from left and right.
* * *
Fifth Thousand Matei.
The rebels were fiercely advancing in the city of huge giants that made both legs tremble just by looking at them.
Aboard the Titan Unit 1, Kruud took down the wall with a thermal flash cannon under the cover of numerous Kuroi troops.
You cannot enter Arabot by narrowing the siege.
The key was to somehow create a detour and gather the rebels, and the giant troops who realized that fact were punishing the rebels more violently than before.
The giants currently fighting the rebels were powerful warriors with a height of 15 meters who had reached the 4th level of anecdote.
Even Guro, who belonged to large-scale equipment, was only a child in front of the giant’s size, and the steel plates were being torn like paper by the iron swords they wielded.
‘It’s also hard to break through. I can’t go any deeper.’
Making a decision, Crude rapidly rotated the Titan sideways and began advancing toward the wall.
“Make a road here! All troops, follow me!”
The troops that received the radio communication began advancing toward the wall in a huge torrent.
“Damn it! damn it!”
Crud gritted his teeth.
The reason why the rebels throw everything at once and fight is to win.
to win and return home.
But Crude couldn’t give them a future.
The closer they got to Arabot, the more approaching was the end of tens of thousands of lives and the infinite possibilities they carried.
“Fluuuuuuuu!”
Unable to handle the rage that erupted, Crude called her name.
Wizard? cold-hearted reason?
Enticed by such things, the anger toward himself, who had once given her heart, came belatedly.
she was a witch
A witch without blood or tears.
Does Crud know?
In the world Flew lived in, wizards were called witches long ago.
“I will not forgive you! When this war is over… … !”
not afraid to die
But no matter what death comes, then her life will have to be with her.
The spectacle was unfolding as a huge army of machines flowed into Jebul through the collapsed walls.
The sixth thousand offerings.
Not a single ordinary angel was seen wandering around Jebul, putting the name of the city of angels to shame.
At the end of the gateway to Arabot, the archangels Methiel and Satiel stood side by side in the air, looking at the battlefield.
The walls are collapsing and the rebels are pouring in, but at present there is no force to stop them in Jebul.
absence of angels.
It was the biggest factor that made the war, which was thought to be easily pacified, sluggish.
The two beautiful archangels with flowing blonde hair did not look at each other.
The two concepts are strong and weak.
Their concept of origin, implied by the nuclear force, was huge enough to form the basis of all matter in the universe.
So two and one.
Their relationship was always not good because their nature was different from that of birth and destruction, Kariel and Uriel.
“The cheeky humans… … .”
Satiel’s face contorted.
Methiel’s personality wasn’t that good, but Satiel was much more tyrannical and cruel.
“I don’t understand. Why did you ban the activities of the angels? If the war is lost, there may come a situation where we have to obey humans.”
“I think it has something to do with Ikael. I don’t know why he suddenly reinstated her while her angelic activities were banned. And Ikael has a deep relationship with Sirone.”
“Hey, Sirone? What is there to be afraid of like the Nephilim?”
Mattiel’s eyes calmed down.
Satiel is like a twin brother who has been with her since birth.
That’s why I knew exactly when she started to go beyond being cold and cruel.
“Aren’t you jealous?”
When she turned to Methiel for the first time, Satiel’s eyes shook with murderous intent.
“what?”
“I mean, don’t be shaken. It’s already over. Guffin chose Ikael, not you. … .”
Aaaaaaaaaagh!
Satiel’s judicial halo unfurled with a frenzied sound.
“Say it again. I will destroy it right now.”
The archangel’s divinity could not be sensed in her expression, with her eyes wide open.
—————————————

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-49.txt
=============YYYYY=============
[Translator – Anwen]
Chapter 49
Please enable JavaScript
Shirone was floating in darkness.
It was a quiet and cold space where countless stars were scattered around.
An overwhelming world of stasis…
But suddenly, the scenery in which time seemed to have stopped suddenly accelerated.
The stars began to lengthen into lines.
‘I’m being absorbed.’
In the midst of the stars gathering towards one place, there were immeasurable spherical rocks and gasses.
‘NO!’
Seeing the stars rush to each other, Shirone shuddered, but before that happened, the planets began to collapse first.
It was a phenomenon that ignored the law of physics.
‘Time is flowing backwards.’
Following the stars, Shirone’s own physical body dissolved, and in the process, his consciousness also disappeared.
‘But I still exist.’
This last remaining ‘thing’ that constituted a human being. Shirone didn’t know what that ‘thing’ was.
He felt the world that was compressed into a dot.
The result of light, time, acceleration of gravity, and universal gravitation being tied and brought together was…
‘Vibration.’
Light was vibrating.
When he delved in deeper, the light became bubbles and then quickly popped.
It was as if the bubbles mirrored and repeated both creation and extinction.
Everything was filled with light, and even the last thing that made up Shirone joined in.
‘Ahhhhh…’
An extreme sense of unity.
And that feeling felt like an explosion.
“AHHH!”
Shirone woke from his sleep with a shout. His clothing was drenched as sweat dripped down his face.
He looked around his quiet and moonlit room.
After seeing the books regarding Photon output spread around messily on his desk, he managed to calm down.
“Hoo… Another nightmare.”
He drank water from the pitcher and opened the window. The winds of the early summer cooled down his body.
‘Why is this happening every night? What’s happening to me?’
Ever since he entered the Infinite Realm during the Speed Gun exam, Shirone had been plagued by the same dream every night.
Come to think of it, his nightmare didn’t seem that horrific, but each time he woke up from it, his shock was considerable.
‘Something’s weird.’
Anxiety seeped in.
After experiencing the thing called the Immortal Function, Shirone felt like everything that made him himself was out of sync.
“Eeeuuuk…”
Due to the chill, Shirone hugged his body.
‘Disregarding the nightmare for now…’
The real problem was that the strange feeling followed him even in reality.
He didn’t know what exactly was going on, but he felt like a particular sense of his became extremely sensitive.
‘But what exactly is it?’
It wasn’t like he could smell better, or had sharper sight, touch, or hearing.
‘It’s not the five senses. It’s…’
It was as if he was equipped with a new sensory organ.
“No way I can sense ghosts now… Right?”
Music coming from a piano was heard from the ceiling.
As Shirone turned around in surprise, he noticed dawn was already peeking through the horizon.
Shirone went to the bathroom with tired eyes.
‘I don’t feel like I rested.’
Since the Intermediate Class practical evaluation ended last week, normal classes would once again resume this week.
‘That might be better. If I train like crazy, I might be able to get rid of this strange feeling.’
With his mind made up, he changed his clothes and left the dorm with a backpack slung on his shoulder.
The academy atmosphere was peaceful.
Most of the students who returned to being friends again after the competition were all talking about the Speed Gun exam.
After the evaluation ended, it was normal for a single star to appear in each class, but this time was an exception.
This was because the Class 5 Speed Gun exam, which was held on the first day, left too big of an impact.
It was inevitable since not one, but two students achieved scores of over 1,200 points! Such a score was unprecedented in the history of the Intermediate class.
“Hey! There goes Shirone!”
They felt something different new from Shirone, who was heading to the Intermediate class building.
The rising star went from Amy’s boyfriend to a student who represented the academy.
[Translator – Anwen]
That was why the upperclassmen from Class 4 would take the initiative to start up a conversation with him
“You did well during the Speed Gun. Let’s check up on each other now and then.”
“Yes, senior.”
The reason why the upperclassmen-lowerclassmen relationships were strict was because getting promoted was difficult.
In that sense, it meant Amy had great foresight as she recognized Shirone’s talents early on.
Come and read on our website wuxia worldsite. Thanks
The Class 6 students started to come up to Shirone after he finished talking with the upperclassmen.
“Hello, upperclassman!”
“Senior Shirone, I’m your fan! Can I study with you as my role model?”
They were in the class that was the most displeased about Shirone’s early promotion. It couldn’t be helped since Class 6 was caught in the middle, as he jumped from Class 7 to 5, skipping over 6.
However, they had no choice but to forget about the past and change their attitude since even their seniors from Class 4 considered Shirone as an Advanced-Class rival in the future.
“What is your plan after class today? There’s going to be a magic demonstration inning, would you like to come with?”
“Our research group decided to visit during the holiday, let’s go together. I’ll be happy to be your partner.”
Only after he managed to kindly decline their offers did Shirone finally arrive at Class 5.
“Shirone! Shirone! Shirone! Shirone! Shirone!”
As soon as he opened the classroom door, his classmates pulled him in by his neck.
He was kidnapped before he could even put his backpack down, and when he saw all his friends looking at him, he was left puzzled.
“Why? What’s wrong?”
“The school semester is coming to an end. Join our research group. It’s one that we Class 5 kids made ourselves. The topic for the performance evaluation is up to the taker to choose anyways. It’s going to be fun, and moreover, you can save time. So join us.”
“Hmmm…”
Shirone had consistently declined all offers to join a group so far.
“Don’t be like that and think about it in a positive light. I heard you refused to join a research group because of your personal studies? There are quite a few students like you here, but we still have to take the performance evaluation. That’s why we’re making one temporarily. No discrimination. We’ll quickly finish the evaluation and disband. Then you can study in your spare time.”
“Aha! I see.”
It was a good strategy.
Since the subject for the performance evaluation was up to the taker, there wasn’t a set criteria. That being said, joining an existing research group only to leave right after the performance evaluation was a bit rude.
Therefore, their solution to this problem was to create a temporary research group.
At that moment, Nade came running.
“Hey! What trick are you guys playing?! Shirone is off-limits. He’s mine!”
In the midst of his friends staring at him like he was absurd, a friend who knew what was going on with Nade countered.
“That’s ridiculous. I know what you’re planning. You want to admit him into that weird research group, right? Shirone, you should never join it. Even if you don’t end up joining our group, at least don’t join his. During my entire time here, never have I ever heard of Nade taking the performance evaluation.”
The Supernatural Psychic Science Research Group showed off a pretty long history and tradition, but they did not participate in many public activities.
“Eh? Nade, you have a research group? Where is it?”
Nade racked his brain and avoided the crisis with his unique secret technique that had so far brought him success in life.
“Hoohoo, of course. You think the most popular person in the academy won’t even have a research group? Anyways, you can’t have Shirone, so I’ll be taking him.”
When Nade pulled Shirone away, the student who proposed the idea to Shirone shouted loudly.
“Shirone! You have to think carefully! Never go in there! And Nade, don’t bother Shirone with his studies and just let him join a group where he’s comfortable.”
“Hahahaha! Too late. We already crossed the forbidden line.”
“Wait! What does that—”
The door slammed with a bang, and with that, Shirone was cut off. The students left in the classroom had dazed expressions.
“…What did he just say?”
“This is a problem. Nade, that bastard. He’s really thinking of bringing Shirone into that group. He shouldn’t be swayed.”
“No, I think he’s already swayed. And why the hell did they leave anyway? It’s almost time for class.”
Shirone, who was now in the hallway, shook off Nade’s hand.
“What the heck! What in the world is the forbidden line?”
“Haha! You are the only person who has seen the true nature of our Supernatural Psychic Research Group. That is the forbidden line you crossed.”
“True nature of the research group? There’s nothing to see though.”
Nade looked around and crouched down pulling Shirone along.
“First, sit down a bit.”
“Okay, okay. Just stop pestering me.”
Nade lowered his voice and said.
“It means you’re the only non-member student to have ever entered the research room. So you should never reveal it.”
“Nobody asks about it anyway.”
“Whatever! We already don’t have enough members. Moreover, there are talks going around that the management team is thinking about disbanding it. We have to keep a low profile, so don’t even mention the word ‘super’ in supernatural.”
“Alright, alright. I had no intention of doing so anyways.”
Shirone thought of it as a group on the brink of going under, but those who knew the real value of the Supernatural Psychic Science Research Group were trying hard to swallow it up. In fact, even the instructors were anxious to disband it.
“By the way, Shirone, are you… Really going to join that research group they made?”
“I was contemplating. Why? Is there a reason not to?”
“Of course. No matter how little discrimination there is in the performance evaluation, it’s your loss if you are in a research group with just random people. Besides, you’re aiming to be the no.1 of the entire academy. A single point is important. Instead of clumsily joining a so-so group, I think it’d be better for you to do it alone. Or join a really proper one.”
There was a full score of people in Class 4 who were aiming for the Advanced Class, so even a one-point difference in the performance evaluation mattered.
‘Hmm… But to take the performance evaluation by myself would take too long.’
Shirone beat his brain thinking of a way to make it work.
“What if I join the Supernatural Psychic Research Group?”
“You?”
“Yeah. It looks like you guys don’t participate much in outside activities, and both you and Yiruki have to take the performance evaluation anyways. I think it’ll be better to join yours than to go and ruin a totally normal research group.”
“Haha! That’s true.”
Nade didn’t rebuke.
That was also why he couldn’t readily recommend his group to Shirone.
It had been 45 years since the establishment of the Alpheas Magic Academy. Most students successfully graduated and left to explore the outside world, but in secretive places they did not know of, various people were doing all kinds of extraordinary things.
The Supernatural Psychic Science Research Group was one such secretive place.
Shirone asked again.
“Well, what I said earlier was a joke. What do you say? You, me, and Yiruki. Taking the performance evaluation together?”
“Are you really okay with that? It’s a plus for us if you join, but in all honesty, our research group isn’t exactly normal. Though I can’t go into details, it won’t be like whatever you’re hoping for.”
It was obvious there were many secrets just by looking at Nade’s attitude in the lecture room back there. However, regardless of interest, a group created just for grades wasn’t appealing.
“The thing is… It’s not just for the performance evaluation”
“Hm? What are you talking about?”
“I’ve been feeling a bit strange lately. I was meaning to ask you guys, but maybe, supernatural psychic science can help explain some things too.”
Chapter end

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-490.txt
=============YYYYY=============
[490] New variable (3)
Mattiel was silent.
It wasn’t that Satiel had such a cruel and cold personality from the beginning.
Rather, at the beginning of his birth, he was the most delicate and pure angel among the eight archangels.
McLean Guffin.
Although he had already departed from the world, his presence was still deeply rooted in this world and exerting influence.
Even to the spirit of Archangel Satiel.
“You’re approaching fast.”
Methiel looked at the battlefield and turned around.
It was by no means frightening of Satiel’s madness, but Ra’s will might work, so it was better to watch your mouth now.
When Methiel returned his words, Satiel also disarmed the halo of justice and looked around the battlefield again.
As the rebels came flooding in, the army of Heaven followed, but as expected, control was not working properly.
Even if it is one heaven, each sky is different.
The fact that there was no angel’s command combined with the unfamiliar strategy of bypassing the castle wall while taking advantage of the paralysis of the Aegis interception system was acting as an opportunity for the rebels.
“Aren’t we supposed to step in? And if you really do reach Arabot… … .”
“I already sent all Mara. Now you have to take action… … .”
Aaaaaaaaaaa!
Before Methiel could finish his words, a roar that shook the world was heard from the east of Jebul.
A huge black sphere with a diameter of 200 meters pushed away all objects and expanded, then sucked in everything in all directions.
If the scenery of Jebul was a painting, it was a heterogeneous scene as if it had been pressed with a brush, and the speed at which several tons of rocks rotate around a sphere seemed rather slow in front of a huge scale.
“That’s Metatron’s Gravity Steel. What happened?”
It is difficult to see that the archangel directly intervened in the battle, violating Ra’s instructions.
In particular, Metatron, whose mouth was destroyed for denying Ra’s will, deserved to be more self-respecting.
Methiel and Satiel opened their halos at the same time and peered into the Gravity River.
Nothing could be seen due to the power of gravity that sucked in even light, but as Metatron’s ability gradually disappeared, a scene was revealed.
“That… … .”
The eyes of the two archangels shook in shock.
‘The power of an angel… … It doesn’t work.’
Metatron murmured from the mouth of his mind.
If Ra hadn’t extinguished his mouth, he would probably have been staring at the person standing in front of him with a blank expression.
“Hehehe, is this the power of an archangel?”
Caught in the river of gravity, Frankwine pushed his strength into his muscular body while he was naked.
Her skin was reddish and the scars from Etela were set in place, but her expression was still smiling.
“It’s nothing.”
The moment Frankwine spurred the ground, Metatron launched hundreds of gravity spheres, trapping him in a labyrinth of gravity from which he could never escape.
But to everyone’s surprise, Frankwine ignored all the force and came straight up and punched Metatron.
Metatron, who rolled over the ground with a massive body, fell on the floor with a look of disbelief.
“… … .”
He had no mouth, so he couldn’t even groan.
‘The source concept is not applied. That means… … .’
Having reached a conclusion, Metatron turned his head away with his eyes raised in disbelief.
Frankwine, with four triangles floating above his head, was walking towards me with an arrogant shrug of his shoulders.
‘Don’t quadruple. It’s Satan!’
If the angel’s halo symbolizes eternity, Mara’s triangle symbolizes absoluteness.
And all these concepts are integrated into a whole to form the Akashic Records.
But Satan has 4 horns.
This was a concept that could not be reached by the law, so Satan is not affected by any law.
‘The reason why the activities of the angels were banned was not because of the Nephilim. Ra is… … .’
Fearing the coming of Satan, the angels were evacuated.
In the end, it was the right choice.
Since Satan is an existence outside the law, he is the only concept that cannot be erased even with the Akashic Records.
Therefore, the most threatening variable in Heaven at present was neither the rebels nor the Nephilim, but Satan.
‘It must be removed now. When the angels are attacked, then no one can stop them.’
Since the Akashic Records are perfect, the number of laws is always 1.
However, there is a possibility of downgrading this fixed and unchanging status to a general concept by using special reasons.
In other words, it is assumed that there is a ‘something’ that refers to the whole outside the concept of the whole.
No one knows what ‘something’ is, but the moment you assume it exists, a concept arises.
From that point on, the Akashic Records are downgraded to the number 2 of the law, referring to ‘something’ and each other, eventually entering into a zero-sum game that the mage calls the seesaw of the law.
Satan is a being born from the subjunctive law that has no substance.
Perfect imperfection was the only concept that could destroy the Akashic Records as a law.
“I hear angels have high self-esteem, so why don’t we just give up? Before you get worse.”
Metatron shook his body and stood up.
I couldn’t hear the distinctive grand sound of spirit anymore, but the momentum was transmitted through the shimmering air.
‘End with this!’
As the judicial halo was activated, Frankwine’s surroundings bent towards a single point, like clear water being sucked into a funnel.
Frank Wein’s face was distorted by the ability to compress gravity and pierce a hole in space and time.
“Keuuugh!”
Then, the body bent as if it were spinning around the point, and quickly tightened toward the hole.
“Hehe, what is this… … It’s not even kidding.”
Suddenly, Frankwine’s body, which viciously tore his mouth, disappeared from space as if evaporating.
“… … !”
Metatron’s eyes widened in shock.
As Frankwine’s fist pierced his thick chest neatly, the glow above his head weakened like a candle with a burnt wick.
‘Isn’t that okay… … .’
The reason why angels are powerful is because they deal with the concept of the deep principle of this world that no creature has ever touched.
However, Satan, who ignores all these concepts, was the natural enemy of all angels, including the archangel.
Like a last struggle, the starlight that had been emitting light for a moment exploded like a piece of glass, and Metatron’s dull body fell over.
“A stupid guy.”
Frankwine unwrapped his fist as he looked down at the archangel, which was oxidizing and disappearing with light.
“Now, what will happen now?”
It was this piece of information that most appealed to Frankwine when Satan offered him a deal.
seesaw of the law.
Every time you annihilate angels, Frankwine’s law becomes stronger.
And now one of the original eight concepts has disappeared.
In other words, one-eighth of the principles that govern the world have been removed.
Passsss.
When Metatron’s corpse, which was transformed into dust of light and scattered into the air, completely disappeared, Frank Wein’s eyes opened wide.
His body began to convulse as the flies in his pupils ran wild.
“Oh oh! Ohhhh!”
A great force was rushing in.
As the muscles of the whole body expanded like balloons, his height rose to two meters and his skin turned red like blood.
Eyes glared upward viciously, teeth jutted out, and thick necks flowed down like mountains to shoulders.
“Hahahaha! Hahahahahaha!”
Frankwine’s voice, as he burst into flames toward the sky, was muddy, as if his muscles were being squeezed.
He lifted his head toward the building of Jebul, where he could see a cross-section of the building that had been severed by the gravity steel, and vigorously kicked off the ground and flew up.
When I entered the 23rd floor from the 43rd floor section, the subordinates of the night blind were lined up and waiting.
“Are you here, Captain!”
Frankwine smiled with an ugly face that had already lost its original appearance.
Every time he took a step, the pale wall, the symbol of an angel, shook with an ominous red shadow.
“Hey, shall we start playing in earnest from now on?”
Satan’s angel hunt has begun.
Jebul 13th floor.
Armin, Shiina, and Kuan formed a team of three and were heading to Ingris, where the Akashic Records are located.
It was not difficult to infiltrate Jebul because the angels had not been active until now, but the problem was that there was no special option just because they arrived.
“Miss Etella should bring the disk safely. I felt it even when I was making a deal, but there are a lot of suspicious corners, night blind people.”
Shiina was thinking the same as Armin.
In particular, the leaders of the Night Blind, Frank Wine and Meat Gun, were the ones who exuded a unique temperament different from the members of the organization.
“Teacher Etella will be fine. I know my skills better than anyone else.”
The reason why they couldn’t narrow the distance even though they lived together as teachers of the same age at Alpheas Magic School was awe of her.
Leaving behind the title of Bishop of the Karsis Monastery, she had a sincere heart for the world.
“okay. Mr. Zulu is also a strong person.”
Currently, Zulu is on a solo mission to find the Metagate.
It is presumed to be in the munitions factory in the basement of Jebul, but it was unknown what the outcome would be as it was a wartime situation.
The whole situation is precarious, but Armin is determined.
As the stop was lifted by the angel’s power, the timeline was filled again for Armin.
The only thing I was worried about was the maze.
is she all right?
Or did he die when Kariel’s magic circle exploded because he couldn’t time it?
‘Well, I’m not a wizard at the level I’m concerned about. protect Shiina. Just think about it.’
Armin stopped and looked back at Shiina.
“If a situation arises that you cannot handle, come behind me unconditionally. Because I can stop it at least once.”
“okay.”
Armin’s stop would certainly help, but Shiina’s help was only part of a tactic.
“But make sure of this. If you cast Stop just to save me, I will never respect you again.”
“okay. Promise me.”
Armin answered without even thinking.
If he had been afraid of being hated by her, he would not have left the Ivory Tower and flown to heaven in the first place.
Whether she knew that or not, Shiina snorted and hurried her steps again.
Watching the two of them conversing from the rear, Quan didn’t feel so good.
What were you expecting?
Did he even anticipate that something new would happen out of nothing if he shared life and death together?
Since Shiina came and made a proposal in person, did he even expect that there would be some expectations for her?
‘A poor guy.’
Shiina has Armin.
The war is drawing to a close, and whichever side wins, this will be their grave.
“Only death will save me.”
“huh?”
Hearing Kuan’s muttering, Shiina finally turned around.
He’s a person who doesn’t show emotions on a regular basis, but since he joined Jebul, he hasn’t even given a tactical opinion.
As if he couldn’t bear to cut someone, he was just straining his eyes and spreading his life.
‘He’s like a child in this way…’ … .’
When he reached the official 5th grade, he was the first to send a congratulatory letter, and when he sent a sudden transfer to propose a trip to heaven, he came running.
It doesn’t make sense to not know Kuan’s true feelings.
He still doesn’t show his emotions, but I could feel the sadness buried in his cool chill.
Shiina smiled and made a mischievous joke.
“The same goes for Kuan. No matter what happens, the mission takes precedence over me, you know?”
It was a statement that subtly revealed that he was guessing Kuan’s feelings, and it was a statement that required a lot of courage from her.
However, Kuan still passed Shiina indifferently without any change in expression, and only spat out resolutely.
“Do not worry. I don’t have the ability to protect anyone.”
An ivory tower wizard who has conquered time magic is guarding her.
He was grateful for Shiina’s concern, but hated receiving sympathy under any circumstances.
‘What mistake did I make?’
A joke that would never have been told normally. Perhaps this would be the last time, so he mustered up courage.
Shiina pursed her lips and looked at Kuan, who was moving away.
One leg was limp more than usual due to the accumulated fatigue, and perhaps that was why his back looked even more lonely.
—————————————

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-491.txt
=============YYYYY=============
[491] New variable (4)
“Hmm.”
The meat gun pushed power into the hand holding the dagger, but Etela’s strength was strong enough to make her feel like a machine.
Even in the tense situation where the blade trembled in front of his neck, Meat Gun was the first to question.
‘What happened? I must have stopped breathing.’
Etela’s eyes, which were wide open, gradually began to fill with vitality.
Yin-Yang Wave Fist Spiritualism.
It is a technique that momentarily stops breathing and increases the pressure in the abdominal cavity to explosively increase strength.
However, Frankwine’s attack power was so strong that he experienced a momentary cardiac arrest.
‘Even if it was a little late, it would have been dangerous.’
Ethella, who had regained full consciousness, slowly pushed Meatgun’s wrist away.
Feeling that it was not possible, Meat Gun gave up the thrust and flew away, and at the same time, Ethella’s kick surged.
Meat Gun, who almost suffered the same vital point that Frank Wein had suffered, stroked his groin in a chilling feeling.
If it was a boss who sold his soul to the devil, it was absolutely undesirable for him to be defeated there.
Ethella hurriedly stood up and took a fighting stance.
The area where she had been beaten still throbbed, but as she straightened her back, enduring the pain, she said as if she was firing at her.
“Are you crazy? Selling your soul to the devil.”
Ethella could not confirm the existence of Satan with her own eyes, but she intuited it only with the temperament of a monk.
Otherwise, no human being could contain such an evil.
“Because I’ve been doing business with the boss.”
Meatgun bent one side of his head and said.
“If it’s something you can sell, there’s nothing valuable.”
At the same time as Etella spurred off the ground, Meat Gun also raised both fists and prepared to fight.
As the essence of Yin-Yang Wave Fist raged like a storm, Meat Gun was in a hurry to avoid the attack by bending his back without rest.
Mirror cycle – reflection of events.
The moment Etella’s fist struck her side, the same impact exploded from her side.
“Kuk!”
Taking advantage of that opportunity, when the meat gun struck Etella’s face, her body spun like a top and retreated several meters.
“You can’t touch me.”
Meatgun stroked his fists with a fearless attitude and slowly approached Ethella.
His ability, Mirror Cycle, perceives the body as a mirror and reflects the event itself.
This is an ability that can be manifested through the distortion of the three fields of time, space, and spirit that he uses in the world he used to live in.
The mind perceives a mirror that reflects the event, and distorts the space so that the mirror can be realized.
Finally, time is distorted until a mirror is implemented in a specific space, and the mind is projected into reality.
“It’s an embarrassing skill since it’s already been broken.”
In order to prevent the reflection of the incident, you need to break the mirror located in Meat Gun’s cognition.
Gaold had done it at headquarters, but Ethella’s fists still didn’t have a jaw.
“It’s too much to handle one woman.”
This time, Meat Gun tried to attack first.
Apart from the abnormal effect of realizing the ability to reflect events, the psychological pressure was enormous.
However, through long training, Etella broke her fear and counterattacked against Meat Gun’s attack.
Etela had the upper hand in Kwon’s technique, but there was no reason to avoid the meat gun.
“Huh!”
As all events entering the meat gun were reflected, waves began to spread through Etela’s body.
As if standing in front of a mirror, Ethella fell into the illusion that she was hitting herself, not the meat gun.
That fact conveyed that if the final wave was applied here, it would be himself, not the meat gun, that would break.
“Because I can’t.”
Meatgun’s voice became faint and the cells of his whole body shook and even his consciousness was fading away.
‘Don’t give up! certainly… … !’
Frankwine must be stopped.
After being defeated by Arcane, her will for good grew stronger.
And finally, now that he had assumed his lifelong enemy, that will had filled his whole body and erased any doubt about goodness.
It felt like my head was being split open, but it wasn’t pain, it was a transcendent sense of liberation.
‘what?’
thud! thud! thud! thud! thud!
Every single blow from Etella’s fist pierced the mirror cycle and delivered a crushing shock to Meatgun’s body.
Yin-Yang Wave Fist Secret Weapon – Transcendence of Divine Redemption.
‘Damn it!’
A technique that uses the power of incarnation to directly impact the opponent’s incarnation.
As the shock wave passed over Meatgun’s body and shook his mind, the mirror cycle began to crack little by little.
Thinking that it would be dangerous at this rate, Meatgun backed away, but his legs were already weak and staggered.
At the same time, Ethella rapidly approached and thrust out both hands and struck him in the stomach.
The effect of the mirror cycle was still being activated, but there was no hesitation in her gesture of destroying the mirror.
lightning field.
Woooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooh!
Numerous waves swirling inside were swept away by a single wave, and a formidable shock wave exploded.
Meatgun, who had been hit in the stomach, slowly lowered his fists and stayed there for a long time.
After staggering back for a while, a gob of blood gushed out of his mouth.
“Huh!”
Ethella bent down and captured the waves spreading from her body with both fists clenched.
It’s thanks to the impact on Meatgun’s mind that it lowered the mirror’s sharpness, but even if it wasn’t for that, he would have made the same attack.
Unless you have that level of determination, you will not be able to pierce the opponent with the incarnation.
Ironically, that belief broke the enemy, and Etella approached Meatgun, who fell sprawled on the floor.
“Don’t move. If we treat it now, we might be able to live.”
Meatgun did not react.
I have never lived a life begging for someone’s life.
“… … You are a strange woman.”
Meatgun raised his hand with difficulty, took out the disk from his inner pocket, and threw it at Etella’s feet.
“Go to the boss.”
Meatgun’s eyes slowly closed.
“Maybe you will like it.”
Etella put the disk in her bosom and bowed her head toward Meatgun’s corpse, mourning the death.
“Whoa!”
And when she opened her eyes again, Etella’s eyes were shining much clearer than before fighting Meat Gun.
‘I can feel it, where he is.’
It was only after awakening to incarnation that everything became clear.
Frankwine’s incarnation was not human.
absolute evil.
A huge evil spirit was blowing from far away on the wind.
* * *
Kururrureung!
The walls of Heaven were crumbling on all sides.
The noise that resonated with the heavens and earth was so great that even if someone shouted right next to them, they couldn’t hear it, and the rising dust made it impossible to see an inch ahead.
Despite the loss of sight and hearing, the advance of the rebels showed no signs of stopping.
“sister! Only 10 kilometers to Arrabot!”
Upon hearing Lena’s communication, Kanya’s eyes began to see the light of hope for the first time.
While most of the rebels fled to Jebul through the collapsed walls, the 1st Command remained in Matei until the end and continued to advance.
Currently, Matei was the only strategic point that could block the road to Jebul, and someone had to remain and block the enemy’s pursuit.
‘can win! I can really win!’
The war is over when it reaches Araboth and Ankera.
because it doesn’t move.
Being an absolute being like the sun, Ra will neither fight nor run away.
Kanya looked in all directions through multivision.
No one spares their lives and fights fiercely, but it was the machine, not the human, that achieved outstanding results.
The archangel’s ancient weapon, Babel.
The power output from the powerful engine was beyond the might of a giant, and the blade-like fingertips cut through tough muscles with ease.
‘amazing. Whoever made that… … .’
Kanya abruptly stopped thinking.
As a Mecca, she also feels awe at the design of Babel, but admiring the enemy was unacceptable.
-Enemy in sight! It’s a big army!
After hearing the communication, Kanya suddenly came to her senses and looked at her vision.
Indeed, an enormous army of giants was rushing towards them, filling their field of view.
“We will take it! Give me cover!”
When the 120 Norse troops stopped fighting and prepared collective magic, the Kuroi troops escorted them in perfect order.
Estacion, an ancient magic that is only possible when more than 100 wizards connect their minds.
The atmosphere in a radius of 100 meters was torn to pieces and began to cut the flesh of the giant troops.
“Whoa!”
Even though he was watching through his vision, he felt the ferocious power of magic with his own skin.
“sister! It doesn’t work!”
Lena shouted in a frightened voice.
Even after being hit by Estacion, no one in the giant unit was defeated.
The basic durability itself is different from the giants that have fought so far.
They were executives who had reached the 5th level of Anecdotal Liquor.
“Trample the enemies! They are just worms!”
Each giant wielded a weapon and destroyed the rebel camp.
Every time the blade flashed, Kuroi was cut off, and people flew left and right with only the sword wind.
– Activate map weapon. Codename Babel.
Babel, who came down to the ground, transformed into a map weapon mode.
His upper body opened wide, his limbs stuck into the ground, and he aimed the gun barrel with a giant glass ball at the giants.
Puff pup pup pup pup!
As photoelectric cannons were fired in bundles, holes were pierced in the bodies of the giants that were filling up the field of vision.
Kanya, as well as all the rebels, watched the scene in awe.
The only feeling they felt was a small but very realistic feeling that maybe they could win.
“The struggling of the insects is so terrible that I can’t bear to see it.”
There was one giant watching the confrontation between a giant and a human on the wall of Matei.
Giant Corps Commander Girshin.
Standing 3 meters tall and flapping a black cloak, he held a long, broad double-edged sword in his hand.
Having reached the 7th level of Anecdotal Art, he was never inferior to Ymir at the 10th level, but he was the absolute No. 2 among the giants in terms of arms.
“Ymir, I will end the war on your behalf.”
Girshin kicked off the wall and jumped to the ground.
As soon as he arrived, he rotated and swung his sword, and the rebels within a radius of 10 meters were split in two without knowing what they were doing.
“Enemies! Siege!”
The rebels who discovered Girshin turned their bodies in unison.
Even now, they did not know what kind of monster the person standing in front of them was, and when they realized it, their brain and body had already been separated.
Kwa-kwa-kwa-kwa-kwa-kwa-kwa!
Girshin did not stop and ran to the heart of the rebels.
Like the wind playing with feathers, every time he moved, humans swung around, and every time he swung his sword, blood flowed to heaven.
“Lena! Dangerous!”
Kanya, confirmed through the multi-vision, rapidly twisted Kuroi’s direction.
Even just by looking at Girshin’s sword, he felt that he was an opponent on a different level from the enemies he had fought so far.
The moment Girshin, who reached through the rebels in a straight line, raised a double-edged sword at Lena, Kanya blocked the way and aimed her gun barrel at her.
“A foolish thing.”
Before he could even pull the trigger, the gun barrel was slashed and the body immediately split in two.
As the c*ckpit fell to the floor, a tremendous shock was transmitted, but Kanya desperately held on to her spirit.
Girshin was seen wielding a sword on every screen in Multivision.
“Kuk!”
At the same time as pressing the emergency escape button, Kuroi was separated like a piece.
Lena, who was rolling on the ground as the chair protruded out, looked around without taking time to look for herself.
“Lena!”
Girshin passed Kuroi, which had been cut into pieces, and charged Lena.
“No eh eh eh!”
The moment Kanya’s heart stopped along with Lena’s life, a gray flash flew in and blocked Girshin’s path.
Kaaaaaaaaaa!
Even in the chaotic noise, iron and iron’s ripples clearly pierced Kanya’s ears.
“Hoo?”
At the appearance of the mechanical device that blocked the 7th level giant’s physical strength, Guru raised an eyebrow.
“I remember. It used to be fun.”
“Babel protects Kanya and Lena.”
Kanya hurriedly crawled over to Lena and hugged her sister who passed out from shock.
“why?”
There is no reason for Babel to release the map weapon in the midst of battle and come to save his brother and himself.
Because it is a very human judgment.
Even in Sirone’s algorithm, protecting Kanya and Lena is the third priority option.
But that’s why Babel moved.
It’s a fact that Kanya will never know, but from the moment Girshin appeared, her first and second priorities were erased.
And that also meant that the probability of victory obtained through Babel’s transcendent calculation converged to 0%.
—————————————

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-492.txt
=============YYYYY=============
[492] New variable (5)
thud! thud!
At Matei’s castle, the giant guards who have reached level 6 of Anecdote have begun to mobilize.
Their heads, nearly 80 meters tall, reached the sky, and when they looked down, humans and machines looked like bugs.
As the giant foot slammed the ground, countless rebels and Kuroi were crushed flat at the same time.
The only one who could see the giant’s face was the pilot aboard the Titan, a mecha-level 3 system.
Crude swallowed saliva at the sight of 20 giants striding past the rebels spread like grains of sand.
Even when he was a subject, he was a giant among giants that he couldn’t even take a look at.
It was only when he saw them that he realized.
The fact that it was an unwinnable war from the beginning.
“Do not be ridiculous!”
Crud struggled to deny the fear rising in his heart and pushed the Titans forward.
Giants of tremendous size used the power of the schema and jumped toward the Titans as swiftly as small humans.
Aaaaaaaang!
When the giant’s fist struck the Titan’s fuselage, all the drive joints in the waist part turned and staggered.
“Aww!”
He momentarily grabbed the center of gravity of the aircraft, but as he took a few steps back, his allies were crushed.
Crude was not even aware of their deaths.
It was the same as rebels and giants dying in the middle of a hand-to-hand combat between huge creatures and machines.
“Damn it!”
Crude hit the giant with a powerful attack using the recoil of the aircraft.
The Titan’s output was beyond imagination, but the schema of the 6th-level giants in anecdotal art was also overlapping, and it was exerting power impossible as a creature.
Aaaaaaang!
A heat flash cannon fired from close range grazed the giant’s shoulder.
The giant, whose shoulder had bluntly disappeared, screamed as if heaven and earth were about to leave, but the wound quickly healed.
The process in which the nerves and muscles thicker than a giant tree stand up and become entangled like a vine can be said to resemble the birth of nature.
As the furious giants rushed in and pounded the Titans, the rebels on the ground received the illusion that thunder was bursting from the dry sky.
Titan’s mechanical parts exploded, sending tons of debris crashing down on the guroi and giants.
Woooooooooooooooooooooooooh!
Finally, the engine exploded, paralyzing the control system, and the Titan slowly began to fall on its side.
“Whoa! Whoa! Whoa!”
Crude measured the timing, feeling with his body that he was plummeting dozens of meters down.
And just before hitting the ground, he pressed the emergency escape button.
As the c*ckpit opened, one Kuroi bounced up and crashed vertically.
Crude lost consciousness for a moment, then came to his senses.
Mecha second-stage system Kuroi was also inoperable due to the impact of the fall.
He looked up at the sky as he sat in the c*ckpit.
It was only the sky through the vision, but the sun rising towards noon was terribly bright.
Under the sun, endless giants were destroying another titan.
“This place… … Hell.”
The giant’s feet were falling down from a height of several tens of meters.
It wasn’t really aimed at Crude, but it was obvious what would happen if he lay there like this.
Pressing the emergency escape button again, Crude jumped out of Kuroi and landed on the floor with the power of Mecha Phase 1 System Piper.
I can’t turn back once I’ve come this far.
All that was left for the rebels was forward, and forward.
“I will go till the end.”
To Arabot, where Ankera is waiting.
When he finished his resolution and raised his head, Crude’s eyes were filled with fear.
“what… … hey… … ?”
A tremendously ominous aura was swirling in Arabot beyond the giant’s castle.
A strange sound of wind, as if calling to death, was heard in the landscape, as if the whole of Arabot was ablaze with black flames.
oh oh oh oh oh!
Crude’s face turned into a tear-stained face.
only death.
His steely will was melting like molten iron due to the energy so strong that he was certain that he would surely die the moment he entered Arabot.
What the heck is there?
The fleeting doubt disappeared in an instant in the face of the fear of extinction.
‘You must retreat. Everyone has to run away. That’s the only way we can live.’
Reaching for his personal communications device, Crude decided to admit that the war had been lost.
“All troops… … !”
Once exhaled, there is no going back.
Even if it was enough to overturn, the will that collapsed the moment he admitted defeat could never stand up.
‘There’s no way I can win!’
Just when Crude was breathing heavily and was about to issue orders to the entire rebel army, a woman caught his eye.
Flew broke through the barrage of giants and ran, staring straight into the terrifying flames of Arabot.
Did you come all the way here?
“It was an unwinnable war from the beginning.”
But why does she go to the center of extinction where the only thing waiting for is death?
“Damn it! I won’t be swayed by the likes of you!”
Crewd stood up with his eyes glaring viciously, set Piper’s functions to maximum and kicked the ground.
* * *
Jebul B11 floor.
In the basement of Jebul, there was a favorite child created by the intellect of countless angels.
Heaven’s munitions factory, Zion.
Everything produced in heaven comes from here, and Kariel’s Great Code and Uriel’s Paradise were no exception.
Beneath the endlessly stretched steel bridge, countless machines whose functions were incomprehensible sputtered molten iron and spun back and forth.
“The road is complicated.”
Zulu found his way down underground, perceiving the maze of paths of the iron bridges from a distance.
On his shoulder sat a small, broad-billed black bird.
It was Erga, a Tier 10 monster that Zulu first successfully summoned when he was three years old.
Although she had no special abilities other than imitating human words, she always kept Erga by her side when she was walking alone on a dark road like now.
“side. side. side. side.”
Erga jumped off Zulu’s shoulder, passed under the steel bridge, and imitated the sucking of a black nipple.
“Yes, there you are.”
Zulu chose the third leg from a six-pronged bridge.
The stairs leading down were hidden behind a railing.
-Why do you want to go alone?
When Zulu offered to find Metagate alone, Sain couldn’t understand her judgment.
Ethella must be separated to meet Frankwine, but Ingris and Shion are equally at the same fire.
If so, it would be better to join Armin and move together to succeed in the mission, but Zulu desperately wanted to go alone.
– That side is better for me.
Sane, who had been pondering Zulu’s words, did not object any longer, and in doing so, she was able to find the Meta Gate production plant at the southern end of Zion.
Numerous meta gates were wandering around the trailer that was connected like a belt.
A place that no human being could easily enter if it were not for the special situation of exhibition.
No matter how high the value of the meta gate is in the land country, it was a sight that would make you feel materialistic, but Zulu’s eyes were just as calm as the first time.
“Are you trying to figure out how to get rid of all kinds of troubles?”
At the sound of a woman’s voice on the other side of the trailer, Zulu stopped reaching for the meta gate and turned his head.
It was a naked woman with four arms, with black skin and eyes that were torn like snakes, and even the pupils that were immersed in light were sucking in light.
Zulu checked the number of red triangles floating above the woman’s head.
Triangular Maracaly.
He was a direct follower of the archangel of extinction, Faiel.
‘strong.’
Zulu lowered her eyes coldly.
She came to heaven and personally realized the incompetence of the three-legged Mara, but the Mara in front of her was emitting a different energy that was different from the other Maras, apart from the force.
“When there is a time to come, there is a time to go. It’s just to follow the rules. Do not interrupt.”
It wasn’t a slightly funny continental word, nor was it a voice that made people feel at ease.
“Hindrance?”
As Kali spread her four arms and spread her palms wide, a sword and shield, a whip and a skull were clutched in each hand.
“No creature can stand against the god of death.”
As Kali’s sword slashed, black lines cut through space and rushed at Zulu.
Zulu, who evaded by teleportation, destroyed Erga and summoned a tier 3 monster, Cougar.
Aaaaaang!
A huge beast approached and swung its sharp claws as if to chew and swallow Kali at any moment.
Aaaaaang!
The moment Kali’s shield blocked her claws, black smoke rose and enveloped the cougar’s body.
“Kuaaaaa!”
The cougar’s hair evaporated, dark spots formed on its skin, and pus filled it as if it were putrefying.
Kali’s four weapons all contain the concept of death, and among them, the shield causes diseases that cause the fastest death, making it impossible for any creature to survive.
“All living things must fall at my feet.”
Carly removed her shield and swung her sword, cutting the cougar’s massive body in half.
Cougars belong to the highest level of summoned monsters and have the strongest physical power among monsters that Zulu can use.
side side side side side.
After subduing such a cougar in one shot, the sucking sound of the blackmail nipple that Zulu was biting was heard even faster.
“Now, choose. What kind of death suits you?”
Carly smiled wickedly and threw her torso wide open, her black legs loosening into smoke and her body floating.
“… … This is dangerous.”
Zulu truly thought so.
* * *
“Huh. Whoa.”
Numerous angels were holding their stomachs and sobbing along the corridor of Jebul.
At the end of that humiliating spectacle, Frank Wein, who had made a pact with Satan, stood with an arrogant expression on his face.
In the back, night-blind servants who had transformed into ugly faces looked around with ferocious eyes in search of another angel.
“Kikiki! More, more angels… … .”
Although Satan is free from the power of angels, we know how strong they are from the beginning of history.
Even if the concept of angels is destroyed, if they unite and attack only with their physical abilities, the outcome is unknown.
That is why Satan sought the easiest and most convenient way to kill angels.
The result was the subordinates of night blindness combined with Garas.
“Huh! Does it exist like this… … .”
Sensing that the seed of Garas was growing in the belly, the angel closed his eyes tightly and turned the halo backwards.
With a bang, the angel’s body turned into light and disappeared.
Shame.
It was a more terrifying feeling than extinction to the angels who prided themselves on having a noble spirit.
Starting with the disappearance of one angel, all the fallen angels in the corridor rotated their halos to erase their existence.
“Cheuk, Lacey was stupid.”
Using the nature of Galas to obtain strong power?
“No, it just needs to be Garas.”
When all the angels in front of him committed suicide, the sense of Satan’s presence began to build with a stronger force by the seesaw of the law.
“Oohhhhh!”
It grew even larger, and horns protruded from its temples, bending it to its feet.
As he clenched his fists while wriggling his pectoral muscles thick like gloves, flames of deterioration flared up.
“Not yet. We need a little more.”
Satan, who was staring at his fists with fangs on his chin, shouted as he shot sparks down the hallway.
“good! Find every single angel! And trample! Heaven is our world from now on!”
“Kiaaaaaa!”
Dozens of henchmen, transformed into the form of Garas, jumped towards the blazing flames at the end of the corridor.
Angel’s banquet hall.
“Black. Sobbing.”
While the angels who were attacked by Garas annihilated their existence, only one angel escaped and hid in the empty banquet hall.
But she couldn’t break the rules of the law, and her stomach was gradually swelling.
Angel of Achievement Adio.
Because she was so happy to exist in this world, she couldn’t bear to leave even after knowing the outcome.
“I don’t want to disappear. How many things do I have to do?”
“Great angel.”
From the 1st to the 3rd, while the three Maras were guarding Adio, Rubel, the lingering Mara, said.
“Please be patient.”
It was the only consolation I could offer.
Even if the seed of Garas was conceived, it would not go to extinction if it had the durability of an angel.
But what does that mean?
Aside from the damage inflicted on the body, the psychological shock of giving birth to a monster child to an angel who handles concepts must have been enormous.
“Oh, no! Aaaaa!”
At the same time as Adio raised his eyes wide and screamed, the ship exploded with a bang.
Her starlight shook like crazy, and according to the law of the family, the three Maras disappeared without existing in reality.
“Hey, heuuuuuuuuuuuu!”
Adio fell to the floor and cried miserable tears.
What I realize now is that from the beginning, I should have chosen annihilation just like the other angels.
kook. kook.
The creature that had escaped from Adio’s body was ignoring its mother and escaping through the door of the banquet hall.
It was the birth of the Nephilim, which no one wanted.
—————————————

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-493.txt
=============YYYYY=============
[493] That afternoon (1)
As the midday sun shone over Arabot, Sirone and Ikael stared at each other in silence for a long time.
The Valhalla action was still spinning above Sirone’s head, and Ikael’s eyes were terribly cold.
‘Destroy Heaven?’
According to the theory of magic explained by Sirone, it is absolutely not impossible.
Then, this time, I must kill him.
Ikael’s fine fingers tightened and curled up like the claws of a beast.
Even so, the reason why he can’t jump out is because of Sirone’s Jikji, which reads the opponent’s temperament while revealing his murderous intent.
‘No, it’s not like that.’
If Feope is revived, Sirone said that Heaven will not be destroyed.
It wasn’t particularly difficult for Ikael, and the Sirone she knew wasn’t the type to take back words.
It was a wiser choice to accept the offer than to bet on uncertain assumptions.
‘No, it’s not like that.’
Ikael frowned.
Certainly, Sirone’s ataraxia was an ability she had passed on through possession.
As I assimilated with Sirone’s spirit, I felt a lot of admiration, pride, and sorrow for him.
‘I don’t remember.’
Most of them came to her mind clearly, but the problem was the feeling of sadness.
‘What do I want to do with that boy?’
My mind began to wander again.
Ikael couldn’t define his feelings for Sirone in clear language.
love?
It’s too shallow to simply say love.
Without digging deep into his emotions, Ikael finally made up his mind.
‘It must be killed.’
I can’t believe Sirone.
No, what I can’t believe is rather myself.
Trying to analyze someone with an imperfect memory is not good in any case.
‘All I have to do is do what I can.’
Ikael, who made that decision, said.
“great. I will revive Peope. However, you must keep your promise.”
“As long as I can save Peope, I don’t care.”
Sirone looked at the little fairy in her hand with pity.
I still don’t know if this was a good decision.
However, Feope wasted nearly an eternity of life to save herself and shrunk into a miserable appearance.
‘We have to save Feope.’
Right now, that was all.
“Put the fairy down in front of me. Amplifying vitality is a highly sensitive task.”
This was the biggest reason Ikael didn’t choose the deal.
Once Ataraxia begins to activate, you must focus all your attention on Feope.
If it was Jikji’s Sirone, he would be able to accurately dig into that gap and deliver a fatal blow.
It was not a strategy to be used in front of an unreliable opponent.
“don’t worry. I won’t do anything until Feope comes back to life.”
“please… … .”
When Ikael answered in an insipid tone, Sirone also approached slowly, remaining vigilant.
‘kill. kill. kill.’
Looking at Sirone narrowing the distance, Ikael kept repeating the same thought.
If the distance is a little closer, even if you feel the temperament of Jikji, your heart will be pulled out without even reacting.
‘Now!’
Sirone was moving her steps calmly.
‘now!’
Even as he approached Ikael and slowly lowered his body and set Feope to the ground, she did not move.
‘now! now! now!’
Ikael finally realized.
‘now… … .’
The fact that what is running madly in your mind is just a thought.
“You can’t kill me.”
Putting Feofe down and stepping back slowly, Sirone looked at Ikael with sad eyes.
It’s not that I couldn’t guess Ikael’s intentions.
Maybe it could be… … So he was on guard, but at the same time he thought it didn’t matter.
If Ikael kills himself, even the reason he risked his life to come to heaven will disappear.
However, Ikael was unable to kill Sirone in the end, and Sirone was satisfied with that.
Just to meet her, countless people have already been sacrificed and countless lives have been killed.
‘Okay, I’ll end it with this.’
Contrary to Sirone’s thoughts, Ikael was even more unknown.
“How do you know that? Why can’t I kill you?”
The words she had been holding so far rose to her throat, but Sirone swallowed them with effort.
He knew that if Ikael had already lost his memory, no matter what he said, he would only get hurt.
If there is only one, only hope… … .
“I don’t know either.”
“But you… … .”
“I really don’t know. I don’t know, so I’m here to meet you. But you can’t tell me anything.”
Sirone gritted her teeth as she suppressed the rising sadness.
“Why don’t you try to remember me? You can do it.”
Ikael kept his mouth shut.
It wasn’t that she didn’t think that what Sirone thought was her.
If Ankera didn’t reset, but just cut out the memory, maybe Ikael can find his memory again.
However, it was a direct disobedience to Ankera’s will, and it was not something that would end as a reaction.
Sirone looked down at Feope and stepped back, receiving a small wound from Ikael’s silence.
Not saying anything was a good thing.
“Enough now. Save Feope. Then I will do whatever you want.”
Ikael’s gaze turned to Peope.
If you can’t kill or not kill, in the end, making a contract with Sirone was the best option.
“… … All right.”
Ikael knelt down slowly in front of Feofe, put both hands on his knees and closed his eyes.
Chee Hee Hee Hee!
As the planetary body expanded, Ataraxia, the symbol of Ikael, rotated while emitting a brilliant five-color light.
Sirone watched in rapture with her eyes half-closed.
He can also use Ataraxia, but no one will be able to imitate the beauty of the original.
‘Amplify vitality… … .’
save peope
Reviving a fairy who was about to die at the cost of spending all her life was as difficult as giving it a new life, but it was not impossible for Ikael, who handled amplification as a source concept.
‘It will take time though.’
Ikael emptied his mind and held out his hand to Feope.
‘Sirone will keep his promise.’
When I made that decision, strangely, a sense of calm came to me.
He was still calculating all the variables in his head, but the moment he believed in Sirone, he was so calm and happy that he was sure that this was right, and Ikael smiled slightly without realizing it.
However, her expression soon turned cold, and she focused on activating her ability with emotionless eyes.
Cuckoo Cuckoo Cuckoo!
Then the ground began to rumble west of Arabot.
The moment Sirone, who was very nervous, hurriedly looked back at the place, his eyes shook in shock.
An indescribable dark and shady aura was pouring in from afar.
Shirone felt the temperament through Jikji and got goosebumps from the fear running through her whole body.
Black dots studded like dots rotated like a whirlpool, casting a thick darkness around the person spreading fear.
“Fail?”
The archangel of extinction, Faiel.
In an unexpected situation even for Ikael, her eyes shook with anxiety.
If Ekael of Amplification was born first of the eight huge concepts, Fael of Extinction is the last one.
Therefore, it was extremely rare even in the history of heaven for two archangels to collide over a single event.
And the law of consequences always sided with extinction.
“Payel! Don’t come closer!”
Faiel’s existence was for one purpose, so his intention for appearing here was also self-evident.
Winning or losing a war doesn’t matter.
Faiel was coming here to put an end to everything.
“Archangel Ikael… … .”
Even though he was still far away, his voice hovered over Arabot in a black whirlpool.
Sirone desperately tried to calm down the fear rising in her heart.
Fael’s appearance itself was unattractive.
At 1 meter 70 cm tall, he could be called a dwarf among angels, and although he wore a white robe, his face covered by a hood was completely dark.
“From now on I deny you.”
oh oh oh oh oh!
Inside Faiel’s hood, a face was finally revealed.
No, can this be called a face?
In the darkness, only the shape of the wickedly torn eyes and the jagged lips like thorns were engraved with light.
oh oh oh oh oh!
As the darkness around him distorted and his face revealed under the hood was projected, his celestial body turned into a black halo and began to spin like ink.
“Huh!”
Feeling as if her vitality was drained just by being exposed to the aura, Sirone clenched her teeth.
Armand’s tentacles dried up like dried leaves, and chills ran through his body, like ice water running down his bones.
“Destroy, Ikael.”
At the same time as Faiel jumped away, Ikael jumped up and ran away.
amplification and extinction.
It was possible to know which side had the upper hand in the match without even having to clash.
As Ikael watched her movements from a distance of 100 meters, Faiel looked at her for a moment and then turned to Sirone.
“Foolish Nephilim. Trying to destroy heaven with mere human desires.”
Faiel raised his hand, and Feope’s corpse slowly floated up.
Having reached a terrible idea, Sirone shouted as she rotated the halo of the Valhalla Action even faster.
“no! Let go of Peope!”
“All life perishes. just follow the rules It will be the same for you.”
“Don’t touch Feope. I will kill Ra, whom you care so terribly!”
Faiel slightly raised his head as if looking at Sirone’s halo.
I had already checked what results were attached to the Valhalla action through looking down.
However, he had no regrets about the destruction of heaven.
It was just that, as the archangel of extinction, I could no longer watch the archangel of amplification being destroyed.
“For me, the only outcome is extinction.”
“No eh eh eh!”
The moment Sirone shouted, Faiel clenched his fists.
The black smoke seeped into Peope’s body and turned to black powder like ashes left over from a fire and flew away.
“Pe, Peope… … .”
Sirone looked at the powder with a bewildered expression.
Extinct.
They vanished from the world in vain, without the possibility of regeneration or the opportunity to be treated with respect for death.
“Black! Whoops!”
Sirone bit his molars and clenched his fists.
There was no thought that I had to hold back the flowing tears, nor that I should not appear weak in front of the enemy.
Deep anger begins to sprout from the depths of the heart.
And that sprout expanded at a tremendous speed and soon filled Sirone’s head.
“I will not forgive you.”
Judicial Halo – Valhalla Action.
As the Valhalla action was activated, ataraxia unfolded in an instant, and Sirone’s body disappeared.
“Foolish Fael! Are you going to endanger Ra!”
Faiel, who was looking at the place where Sirone had moved, turned his head after hearing Ikael’s cry.
The face in the dark was still smiling, but the voice was cold and solemn.
“You are foolish, Ikael. Do you still not know, what awaits at the end of this war?”
“What is that… … !”
Flash!
Before Ikael could finish his words, a huge red light shot into the sky from afar.
An estimated power of 2.19 million kilobusters.
Among Sirone’s magic, God’s Punishment, which boasts the most destructive power, has begun to activate.
—————————————

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-494.txt
=============YYYYY=============
[494] That afternoon (2)
The laser shot into the sky through the Valhalla action instantly reversed cause and effect, concentrating Amgu’s magic in the sky 6,000 kilometers in the sky.
Amgu borrowed the battery of God’s Particles and sucked in mass at an terrifying speed, and finally a spear of light with a mass of 10 tons was born.
The planet’s gravitational force pulled its 10-ton mass strongly, and light with great kinetic energy began to ram straight down towards the spire of Arabot.
Time left until the destruction of Heaven.
18 minutes 42 seconds.
‘no! As it is… … .’
Ikael looked at the sky with a blank expression.
The Valhalla Action moved Sirone to the entrance of Arabot in an instant, and the thickness of the laser fired from there was enough to pierce the sky.
If Sirone’s magic is true, heaven will perish.
‘How can I stop it?’
While she was concerned about the safety of Heaven, nothing mattered to Faiel, the archangel of annihilation.
It simply flew towards the place where Sirone was in order to remove the impurities in front of it.
Ikael knew that it was to kill Sirone.
However, no matter how much the original concept was extinction, it was questionable why Faiel was so reckless.
‘What is at the end of this war?’
In the message Faiel left behind, the true intentions of Ankera, who had banned the activities of angels and reinstated himself as the archangel, must have been hidden.
“Sirone… … .”
Faiel was already closing the distance with Sirone by more than half.
Since he had intended to kill her from the start, if left alone, Sirone would just disappear into nothingness.
“Keugh!”
As I thought about it, Ikael’s asteroid began to vibrate at a terrifying speed.
She made a resolution every time her mind was shaken, but she finally realized it in front of the reality of absolute death called Faiel.
The fact that something bigger than heaven might be nestled in lost memories.
Super Magical Amplification Ataraxia.
Ikael clenched his fists and inflated his halos.
Hey hey hey!
The spectacle of light striking a huge magic circle hundreds of meters in diameter is truly heavenly beauty.
She mobilized all available mental power to reveal the original concept, and poured that mighty amplifying power into a single thought.
‘I need to get my memory back!’
A piece of memory that Ankera erased.
What remained at the edge of the disconnected thought was only a small signal that could not even be called language, but Ataraxia amplified it more than 200 million times and filled the mind with a perfectly clear image.
“uh?”
As the only remaining image swept over his entire body, he began to repair the bluntly ripped off memories on his own.
The archangel’s thought advanced so fast that it could be called light, and finally, all thoughts were perfectly united into one history, as if a new highway was connected to a broken bridge.
“ah… … .”
Tears, clear as light, flowed down Ikael’s cheeks.
Aaaaaaaaaaaa!
The bitter cry of the noblest angel in the world shook Arabot.
‘How, how could I forget?’
A miserable feeling penetrated his chest like a dagger, and his mind spewed out like blood.
Sirone.
and guffins.
Compared to the life he has lived his whole life as the first angel and the head of all angels, the time he met them is only a moment.
But for Ikael, it was the most beautiful and brightest moment in her time.
Only that memory can exist.
So, if you lost that memory, you were the one who didn’t need to exist.
I never thought that the result of choosing for Sirone would eventually ruin everything like this.
‘Ra is… … .’
Where are you trying to lead the whole world?
“Sirone eh eh!”
Ikael suddenly came to his senses and spread his wings of light.
In exchange for regaining her memories, she had exhausted most of her mental strength, but she managed to squeeze a bit of power and fly to my Sirone.
When he looked down, Faiel had already arrived in front of Sirone and was gathering the energy of extinction in his hand.
“Are you running towards your own death? Well, that would be the limit of humans, the Nephilim.”
Sirone gritted his teeth and glared at Faiel.
It took 10 minutes to pay while changing the cause and effect with the Valhalla action.
The risk wouldn’t have been this great if only God’s Punishment was cast, but it took much longer than expected to move to the coordinates where you could hit Arabot’s Spire accurately.
‘No, it’s made with this.’
He could not save Peope, who had dedicated his entire life for him, and was almost killed by Ikael, whom he had expected to become a spiritual refuge for the rest of his life.
I thought that since I had completed my mission, it didn’t matter at all from now on.
‘Amy, I’m sorry. Everyone… … .’
Remembering the faces of the precious people she left behind in her hometown, Sirone waited for the coming death.
“Go away, insignificant being!”
The face made up of light and darkness hidden behind Faiel’s hood twisted grotesquely, and the darkness made of particles burned like a flame.
As the power of extinction raged and was about to swallow Sirone, Ikael caught up with Faiel by a narrow margin.
“No eh eh eh!”
Aaaaaaaaaagh!
When Ikael, who blocked Sirone’s way, activated his power, the concept of extinction and amplification collided and the whole area was shaken.
‘Ikael?’
Sirone looked up at Ikael’s face, who was two heads taller than her.
He wasn’t sweating, but his complexion was pale and his eyes were haggard.
Even so, Ikael tried to smile for Sirone, but soon that expression turned into sadness, apologetic, and sorrow that surpassed everything, conveying the sorrowful feelings as they were.
“I’m sorry.”
Ikael said everything that cannot be expressed in words with his eyes.
“sorry. sirone… … .”
The moment she saw Ikael’s tears, the same tears flowed from Sirone’s eyes.
Possibly the same ingredient, a cozy feeling that makes you want to be lost in such an illusion forever begins to inject moisture into Sirone’s sensibilities that have dried up through the war.
“Sirone, you… … .”
Aaaaaaaaagh!
Before he could finish his words, Ikael’s body was thrown to the side.
After she disappeared, Sirone saw Faiel with an angry expression in her field of vision.
“This is Ikael. Fallen filthy archangel. How far will you go to destroy the existence of angels?”
Sirone tried her best to move her body, but there was no way to violate the principle of equivalent exchange.
“It won’t matter.”
Faiel turned his head to Sirone again.
“It’s enough when both ugliness and nobility disappear.”
When Faiel attacked Sirone again, Ikael, who fell to the ground, jumped up and blocked the way again.
“Keugh!”
It was the only thing she could do, having exhausted her strength in exchange for remembering Sirone.
But now, even Faiel didn’t care.
As if to overwhelm him with only power and concept, he poured his ability of extinction into Ikael in front of him.
As the dotted smoke of darkness enveloped Ikael, like a swarm of insects, her asteroid gradually began to lose its light.
“Huhhhhhh!”
I desperately tried to hold on, but Ikael’s expression clearly showed the shock of the angel’s presence being erased.
‘Ugh, aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa. Aaaaaa!’
Sirone shed tears as she looked at Ikael.
The feeling of having no choice but to watch someone you love die without being able to lift a finger or burst into tears was the final destination of the most miserable emotions that humans can feel.
“It’s okay, Sirone… … . are you okay.”
Ikael’s smile was beautiful.
It was the most beautiful smile in the universe.
* * *
Armin, Shiina, and Kuan arrived in front of Ingris’ portal and waited for Etella to arrive.
Zulu, who went to save the metagate, had to meet him separately outside, but he needed a disk to extract the coordinates from the Akashic Records.
“It is strangely late. I don’t know what happened.”
Ethella must also know that time is running out, so even if Ya-maeng had broken his promise or failed to keep the contract, it would have been normal if he had arrived at Jebul by now.
“Let’s wait a little longer. He’s a nice person, but he’s not so clumsy that he can’t make sense of things. I’ll be back soon.”
Shiina still believed in Etella, but a bad feeling was triggered in her head as well.
Bishop of the Karsis Monastery.
Heaven is definitely a place teeming with beings so powerful that you can’t even roam around comfortably with normal skills, but there’s no way you can’t do it, at least to the extent of avoiding a fight and carrying out your mission.
Even when Gaold first formed the team, it was proven that he prioritized Etella over himself.
‘What the hell happened?’
As Shiina’s thoughts began to creep in with anxiety, a muffled scream came from Ingris’ hallway.
“Kurrrrr!”
All three heads turned at the same time.
Just looking at the ferocious shape of the shadow that came out of the corner at first, I could tell that it was not a normal enemy.
“what?”
It was a creature they had never seen before.
But I would have felt the same way no matter who I brought to this place.
Garas, which has no clear species characteristics, expresses its appearance only through the biological characteristics of its mother, and the only fixed and unchanging traits are a protein arch and a tremendous desire to reproduce.
The shapes of the dark ones were different, perhaps because of this, but they all had their own unity because they were all subordinates of night blindness.
It was two meters tall, with dark skin covered in slime, long knees with reverse joints, and a twisting spine with a tail full of bumps at the end.
“Kikiki! It is breeding!”
Basically, because human traits were grafted, language was not a problem.
However, what was different from the kings of breeding who were born at the headquarters of Resis was that they were all strong men with telomere level 5 or higher.
The moment she saw Garas’ eyes, Shiina got goosebumps.
It was completely different from living, but it was a terrifying fear that I couldn’t help but feel instinctively as a woman.
ice cloud.
A freezing haze rose around Shiina.
The rapidly cooled air froze into ice crystals that splattered like glass dust on the floor.
The fact that the warlike Shiina cast defense magic before even competing with each other could tell the extent of the shock she felt.
However, the fear was controlled by the sorcerer’s cool reason, and the will to fight burned in the eyes glaring at the evil lust.
‘Cheeky things.’
The person who sensed Garras’ disposition and felt the most displeased was Kuan.
He was already burning with vitality, and he gripped the handle of his sword stronger than usual.
“I’ll take it… … .”
The moment Kuan tried to block Shiina’s way, Armin preoccupied the position first.
“Stand back. There is no need to drain your energy in a place like this.”
With Armin’s stop, any enemy can be blocked.
However, from Shiina’s point of view, Armin’s overprotection against an enemy that was neither an angel nor a Mara was unpleasant.
If I had to add one thing to that, the gaze of Garas, who looked down on me, was annoying enough to make me nervous.
“I’m worried. Just this much… … !”
“Kiaaaaa!”
Dozens of Garas screamed.
The roar of hundreds of emotions mixed in a single sonic wave is an inherent characteristic that no creature can imitate.
The three people who were exposed to the desire that emotionally overwhelms humans were very tense.
The powerful vitality of telomere level 5 plus extreme desire added to the explosive movement of Garras.
ice dagger.
From Shiina’s frozen cloud, ice knives that turned into daggers were scattered in all directions.
The magic cast by a certified 5th level wizard was fired without a break, and the approaching glass bounced off each one.
Ting! teeting!
As the Garras shrank their bodies, their uppers hardened and shattered the ice swords.
Although he is pushed back by the shock, he is not fatally injured.
Even Quan’s sword was deflected by the resilience of chitin.
‘Damn it!’
It wasn’t as good as Ringer’s armor, but it was humiliating for a swordsman to have a mediocre creature block its own attack with its body.
Absolute Zero.
When Shiina’s most powerful magic, Absolute Zero, was cast, the glass began to freeze one by one.
As Quan’s sword took effect, fragments of frozen Garath flew in all directions.
in the middle of that open view.
A man was standing.
—————————————

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-495.txt
=============YYYYY=============
[495] That afternoon (3)
“What is that again?”
Kuan was the first to show aggression and approached.
Although he was human, he was a man with a strange impression that seemed to fall short of the standard.
“I am… … What were you born to accomplish?”
His features were shabby and ugly, and the exposed skin from the neck down was covered with the chitin of Garras.
His fingers were pouty, as if they were wearing steel gloves, and thick, sharp hair grew like a porcupine.
Nephilim, nameless (unnamed), who was born by Adio, the angel of achievement.
From the moment he was born, the name was not important to him who came all the way to this place following the question in his heart that had been placed like a calling.
As Moo-myeong looked at the sword Quan was holding, he opened his hands wide, and the light exploded in front of his palms, and before he knew it, two swords were lifted.
Quan raised one eyebrow and looked at him displeasedly. Nameless raised his sword and said:
“What is the name of this object?”
It was strange that he implemented the sword without knowing what it was, but Quan was honest.
“It is a sword.”
“It’s a sword. How do you write it?”
“If you ask me how I write… … .”
Quan pulled out external gravity and threw himself.
“I’ll answer that it’s written like this.”
Quan’s body, which had eaten the rapid rotation, swung the sword in front of the unknown like a top.
At that moment, the nameless realized.
The fact that that sword would sooner or later slit his own throat and drop his life.
bang!
A pair of nameless swords blocked the way, and Quan’s sword struck above them.
Neither technique nor tactics, just defense to sustain life.
It was only thanks to the physical condition inherited from the angel and Karas that he was able to block the sword of the Kaizen Swords Academy instructor.
Sparks flew as the blade scratched the blade, and Nameless’ body was pushed back and crashed into the wall.
He managed to keep his balance and mumbled something with his head lowered, still not loosening his defenses.
Quan felt rather strange at the bland response.
‘Don’t you know swordsmanship? Then what is it, the intense feeling of strangeness when I first saw it?’
After finishing his thoughts, the nameless head finally lifted.
“I get it.”
“what?”
Quan grabbed his sword and strode away.
“What is a sword?”
The nameless figure disappeared from Quan’s sight.
Since all the functions of the schema were Kuan focused on the movement, it could not happen just because it was fast.
Searching for traces of the missing enemy, Kuan’s pupils were fixed deep on the left.
kang! And the swords clashed again, but this time the situation was completely reversed.
‘Can’t you react?’
Is human thought really infinitely free?
It was a topic that never left Quan’s mind from the moment he grabbed the sword.
And the conclusion he had reached while swinging his sword was clearly ‘not so’.
Human thinking seems free, but when a truly free being looks down, it is extremely mechanical and bound to patterns.
In order to overcome the limits of that thought, Kuan has been practicing movement throughout his life and has reached the present state.
But now, the unknown movement transcended even his thoughts.
‘Swordsmanship… … Did you know?’
Suddenly, such a question crossed his mind, but Quan quickly changed his mind.
It’s not like I already knew it, but I’m growing as I clash swords.
‘No, this is indeed an evolutionary level.’
Explosive swordsmanship growth or enlightenment that could not be explained otherwise.
The nameless twin swords gradually began to wield in a trajectory that deviated from Quan’s common sense, and inflicted fatal wounds on Quan’s body in just five minutes.
“Keugh!”
Quan, who had been cut in the chest, rotated to check the approach and retreated to the end of the hallway.
The humiliation as a swordsman hurt more than the wound in his chest.
If he were the first to pick up the sword today, he would have caught up with all the achievements Quan had achieved in 30 years in just 5 minutes.
‘Is it possible?’
Nameless is a Nephilim who is a hybrid between the Angel of Achievement and Karas.
Through this deformed crossbreeding, which may be the first in the history of heaven, new traits were manifested in Nameless.
As the spirit of an angel pursuing a lofty spirit was combined with Garas, all transcendent desires for reproduction were converted into desires for achievement.
If Garas only pursued reproduction, what constituted the spirit of obscurity was only the understanding of technology and a deeper realm that transcended it.
Ignorance was breaking through at a tremendous speed the barriers that a human being would have to overcome over many years through ceaseless training.
I want to do better. I want to do better. I want to do better.
Like a hole that sucks in anything, the obscenity took Quan’s 30-year swordsmanship intact and sublimated it to a higher level.
In the face of an attack whose realization was reflected in his swordsmanship, Kuan was only in a hurry to defend.
‘I can’t do this! It can’t be like this!’
He clenched his teeth and desperately endured, but the unknown swordsmanship was more tenaciously surpassing the limits of his ideas.
“We have to help!”
The moment Armin and Shiina were about to cast a spell on Nameless, Kuan shouted with the momentary composure obtained by wringing out all kinds of hair.
“no! Run away!”
Only those who have personally fought can understand the fear of unknown.
However, it was after Armin and Shiina had already taken action.
Armin cast flicker magic to distract the unnamed gaze, and Shiina fired seven ice spears at the same time.
Thanks to this, Quan was able to escape from the brink of death, but he knew that the cost would be many times greater.
Anonymous, who spread the distance to avoid the ice spear, immediately showed interest in the magicians’ skills.
“What is that?”
A high level of improvement far beyond human imagination hit the brain of an unknown person.
‘Would! Would! Would! Would!’
That colossal desire raised all of the functions of ignorance beyond their limits, and the Spirit Zone opened immediately.
Armin, who felt the unknown Spirit Zone with synesthesia, was on the verge of getting goosebumps.
It is not simply finding the focus of the mind.
‘I opened the Immortal Function.’
The unknown who cast the flicker magic went back to Armin and swung his sword.
In front of his ability to use the spirit zone and schema at the same time, Armin leaned back with a feeling that his hair stood on end.
When the sword missed, Nameless immediately cast magic and fired an ice spear at Shiina.
Only then did Armin realize why Quan couldn’t even use his hands and had to be pushed back.
‘damn! How can a creature like this!’
It is a foul.
No genius can instantly copy the magic of freezing used by a certified 5th grade wizard.
But it was just an emotional resentment, and in fact Armin knew it.
The fact that there is no such thing as cheating in this world.
If you have already been born that way, no matter what bizarreness it contains, it is just reality.
‘I can’t escape as long as I’ve mastered the flicker magic.’
Armin’s cold-hearted mind in front of a living creature he experienced for the first time in his life did not catch the standard of judgment.
The only possibility is to mobilize all forces right away to eliminate the nameless.
However, if the growth rate of obscurity exceeds his expectations, it was them who would rather be eaten.
Even so, it would be appropriate to choose the former, but in a situation where the risk of Shiina was guaranteed with a high probability, the judgment would be different.
‘We have to save Shiina. No matter what the cost of her, she has to return to her home as safe as she is.’
That was the only gift I could risk my life to give to my younger sister whom I had loved all my life.
Armin rolled on the floor hugging Shiina, who was unable to even use his hands in front of an unknown, chaotic movement.
“Isn’t there anything more fun?”
The moment Nameless rushed in with his mad eyes raised, Armin realized what he had to do.
‘I’m sorry, Kuan.’
At the same time as the nameless sword drew an X, Armin put a stop magic barrier around Shiina and himself.
“Huh!”
Moo-myeong hurriedly stopped the sword just before it was stopped.
It was an action that was absolutely impossible with normal inertia, and was only possible with the unknown realization of ignorance.
‘What is this?’
The unknown Spirit John immediately analyzed the abnormality of the stop magic and transmitted it to the brain.
Even if I had moved forward a little more, I would have been tied up in a place where time stopped.
Armin hugged Shiina and looked at the nameless beyond the barrier with a nervous expression.
Since the inside of the station field was emptied, the two of them were free from the timeline, and they intended to take Shiina and run away as soon as they saw the slightest opening in the unknown.
‘If you get to the stop… … .’
Just thinking about it is terrifying.
Maybe I should have died right here.
However, for Armin, who only Shiina was everything, it was an option that he didn’t even have to choose from the beginning.
“Hmm, that’s it, right?”
Moo-myeong savored the stop’s force field for a while, then opened her eyes and cast magic.
As Armin and Shiina watched with nervous expressions, Nameless’s head gently tilted to the side.
“what? can’t you?”
Armin’s heart, which had been beating like crazy, calmed down for a moment in a sigh of relief.
* * *
“Don’t think that this is over. Ra will never tolerate your existence… … Keugh!”
With a popping sound, another ordinary angel exploded with Satan’s hand holding its neck.
Equipped with the concept of Satan, Frank Wein found and dealt with the hidden angels one by one as if playing hide-and-seek, and as their number decreased, the seesaw of the law quickly tilted.
“It’s cool. I don’t even send a message with Pyeongangsa.”
Literally, the law beyond the law.
No matter how great the concept the angels are armed with, they cannot have any influence as much as Satan.
thud! thud!
Two echoes pierced the ceiling of the jebul and pierced the hallway where Frank Wine was.
“Hoo? How about this time?”
The corner of Frank Wein’s mouth went up at the appearance of the big man.
The archangels of combination and disintegration, Methiel and Satiel, each possessing the concept of the source of strong and weak power, have arrived.
“The insignificant rat who was hiding on the other side of the law is running rampant without knowing how scary the world is.”
Methiel walked away with a cold gaze.
Realizing that Metatron had disappeared by looking down, the two archangels immediately flew to Jebul.
In order to balance the seesaw of the law, it would be best for them to avoid it, but at present, all the ordinary angels in Jebul are in hiding according to the order of Ra.
If the number of ordinary angels decreased even further here, even if all the archangels gathered, they could not guarantee a victory, so they chose to settle as quickly as possible.
“Do you really think so, Archangel? It’s not me who fears, isn’t it Ra of the law?”
“Don’t talk like a mongrel whose concept is unclear, pretending to be noble. I am very offended.”
As Methiel slowly raised his hand, Satiel, who was standing next to her, also spread her halo.
Metatron’s gravitational force is a pure expression of the original concept.
Therefore, it is highly likely that Satan, who is powerful but invincible to the law, worked rather favorably.
However, Methiel and Satiel are different.
When the two archangels are combined, there is plenty of room for secondary applications as they can freely handle all the particles in the world.
“It’s fun to see pretty girls doing aegyo.”
At Satan’s provocation, Methiel and Satiel flew at the same time.
As the strong and weak forces were combined, the objects melted like paint, and the scenery of the Buddhist memorial service changed into something completely different that could not exist in this world.
Bizarre substances that were not even named were manifested with extraordinary characteristics, and bizarre phenomena that could never be imagined by the intellect began to occur around Satan.
In a landscape like an abstract painting painted by a madman, two archangels unleashed a terrifying attack on Satan.
Radiation blasted out and harassed Satan’s cells, and the atmosphere, which produced super-high heat just by touching it, burned Satan’s entire body.
“Great!”
Particles that distort time restrain Satan’s hands and feet, and metal that distorts space molded his body into clay.
“Let’s finish with this.”
At Methiel’s words, Satiel nodded and rushed.
Normally, the two angels are like rivals, but in battle, there would be no other partner in Heaven that would be such a good match.
—————————————

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-496.txt
=============YYYYY=============
[496] That afternoon (4)
“Ha ha ha ha ha!”
Laughter erupted from the mass of Satan, which was crushed into a collapsed form and whose eyes, nose, mouth, and limbs were tangled together.
A powerful shock wave rippled the atmosphere and spread, and in an instant Satan’s body returned to its original state.
“this… … !”
Satan’s two mighty grips gripped the angels’ necks.
The faces of the two similarly beautiful angels contorted in the same way at the power that seemed to break their necks at any moment.
‘Did he lean this far?’
The durability of an angel’s body is not so weak that it can destroy any creature carelessly.
Also, the secondary application of the laws they used was obviously effective.
However, Satan’s law, which destroyed countless ordinary angels and erased even the archangel Metatron, was much stronger than Methiel and Satiel expected.
If the Akashic Records are everything in the universe, Satan’s law is another everything that is symmetrical to it.
In other words, if the seesaw of the law is in a state of balance to some extent, apart from the concept, even the physical shock cannot be fully transmitted.
“Two archangels.”
Satan looked alternately at the two tormented archangels and smiled wickedly.
“Is this enough?”
Just as the starlight bodies of the strangled Methiel and Satiel shook as if they were about to explode, someone rushed from behind Satan and delivered a blow.
The strength was rapidly drained from Satan’s flinching body, and Methiel and Satiel escaped.
However, the angels who had already been broken did not come into Satan’s eyes.
“whoever… … ?”
The shock itself wasn’t that big, but I felt something enough to temporarily neutralize Satan’s law.
Satan looked back and finally realized the reason.
Bishop Etella of the Order of Karsis, the bearer of the law of perfect goodness, was glaring at Satan with burning eyes.
* * *
‘Just a little further… … .’
Flew’s vision caught a glimpse of the walls of Arabot.
However, it quickly disappeared like a utopia, and giants filled the place.
“Black! Whoops!”
Sad tears poured down.
As a professional wizard, she came to heaven with pride, but it was too daunting and difficult for her to do anything.
Matei’s giant guards were so huge that her magic couldn’t even send a message to the liver.
What can I do in a place like this?
The reason I keep running is because if I stop here, I won’t be able to do anything forever.
I felt that even the self-esteem of a wizard that I had protected all my life would collapse.
‘I can still, still fight more!’
thud! thud! thud! thud!
The giants spotted the fleurs running beneath their feet and slammed them down.
Flew, who was rolling on the ground, bit her lips in misery, as if she had turned into an insect.
A mighty voice was heard from the sky.
“This is why humans are annoying. They are weak and even small.”
The giant, annoyed at the sight of Fleur stubbornly avoiding it, slammed the greatsword down with all his might.
Aaaaaaaang!
For Flew, it was a world-shattering shock.
Debris the size of a house flew in all directions, and the shock wave pushed Flew’s body dozens of meters away.
While Floo, whose back was stuck on the raised ground like a stalactite, lost concentration for a moment, a rock the size of a person’s head flew in and hit his shoulder.
“Aaaaaagh!”
The sound of bones crunching through his body made Fleur sense that it was all over.
He fell to the floor screaming, but his right shoulder was completely shattered and he couldn’t even roll over.
Seeing the giant’s palm descend from the sky, Flew shuddered as if electrocuted.
Just as a child can think of hundreds of ways to annoy an ant, he had no idea how he would be killed by a giant.
“Flu!”
He didn’t even have time to look back at the place where the voice came from, someone ran up to Flew and threw him into a hug.
“Aaaaaaagh!”
Clutching his aching shoulder and screaming, Flew’s eyes widened when he saw the face of the man who had saved him.
“How are you here?”
Why is Crude, who should have been commanding the rebels in the middle of the battlefield, come here alone?
Besides, it’s not a titan or a guroi, but only equipped with a piper, a mecha tier 1 weapon.
“Why are you here? What about the rebels?”
“The war is over. We lost.”
“What nonsense!”
Even if you lose, if you’re a commander, shouldn’t you fight to the end?
But Flew soon shut up.
She had no right to point out Crude to Arabot, who informed her that God’s punishment had been placed on her.
‘They must be resentful.’
I know that Crude couldn’t tell the truth to the rebels until the very end.
He said he didn’t care, but what he must have felt was not something Flew could have imagined.
That’s why Crude came.
‘It’s better If my death makes you feel better… … .’
“but.”
Crude, who measured the high walls of Arabot, continued.
“Now that this is the case, wouldn’t it be better to see the kingdom of heaven perish?”
While Fleur was speechless at the words that were completely different from what he expected, Crude carried her and ran toward the castle wall.
Taking full advantage of Piper’s ability to zigzag, the giants slammed the ground with their soles and began to hunt insects.
Every time the giant’s foot fell, the ground shook like a rubber sheet, and the roar alone made the eardrums numb.
‘I can do it.’
Even in the distant fear that seemed to be out of this world, Crude desperately held on to reason.
He was the one who boarded the Kuroi while equipped with the Piper, and then manipulated the titan, a gigantic equipment, with precision down to a millimeter error.
Even if he couldn’t be compared to the power of a giant, his understanding of the equipment that he was called a genius pilot was comparable to that of an eternal person.
“People who are not even worms!”
However, as the tempo of the giants’ foot painting increased, there was a limit to the scale that could not be overcome with skill alone.
Even if you run a hundred steps, you are within one step of a giant.
Even coming here with a flue in such a situation was a miracle.
“excuse me! Arabot!”
Crude was also watching where Fleur was shouting.
However, if you climb the wall with the straight-up method, you will only be caught and crushed by the giant’s hand.
“Do you know why I came to you?”
It was an out of the blue question in a desperate situation, but strangely, Flew felt convinced.
It didn’t make sense to her that she had come to save herself, whom she thought was the most resentful person in the world.
“To kill me… … .”
At Fleur’s candid answer, Crude pondered and smiled as if he had made up his mind.
“Be sure to come back alive.”
“What are you saying now… … .”
Haven’t heard an answer yet.
But before Flew could ask again, Crude pulled out Piper’s voice recognition device and spat out a command.
“Release the limit.”
Chunk! Chunk!
Piper reads the user’s movement fast enough to match the nerve speed and increases muscle strength.
However, no matter how much the function is improved, the limit that the human body can endure is clear.
That’s why Piper, who lifted the limit, could no longer be called a strength-assisting device.
some kind of trap.
It was a killing machine that restrained and destroyed the human body.
‘It should be done with the maximum output.’
Crud knew better than anyone else that this was his last chance.
As he twisted his waist while pulling the flue out between his sides, Piper, sensing the user’s motion, spun at full power.
Deed Dede Deuk!
As the waist rotated half a turn, the sound of Crud’s vertebrae being crushed was heard.
“Great!”
Crude didn’t care.
He only struggled to get the strength to swing his twisted back once more and send Flew over the ramparts.
“Aaaaaaa!”
The small engine roared, and Crude’s waist returned to its original position at great speed.
As the discs were crushed, a stunner sent to his brain, and Flew’s body slashed through the air like a cannonball.
“Catch it!”
The giants held out their hands towards Fleur as they flew past Crude.
It was flying at a tremendous speed, but the huge hand reached out toward the pluo, overwhelming the scale of space.
The palms that blocked the view were pressed into Flew’s eyes, and at the same time, five fingers closed.
Dawkins Algorithm.
Flew slipped through the fingers and hurriedly cast a fly magic and landed on the walls of Arabot.
Flew looked at Crud, who had been left far away, in a feeling of fear, with no time to feel the relief of having lived.
“Oh, no… … .”
When he thought that he was probably smiling, the giant who belatedly followed grabbed Crude.
The giant bent at the waist as if about to collapse sped up, straightened his upper body, and expressed his anger at missing the flue with a scream.
“Gaaaaaaaagh!”
If she jumps into Arabot, the sacred ground of Ankera, the giant will no longer be able to catch her.
So, the last remaining possibility was a human slinging at Flew, who was still on the wall.
As the giant swung his arm at Fleur, Crude’s body flew straight ahead.
bang!
Crude’s body, which was barely able to hit the flue, spun and bounced at the same time as it crashed into the corner of the castle wall.
“no… … .”
Flew looked at Crude, stunned.
The first thing I thought of when I saw the bizarrely twisted limbs that I could never think of as human beings was a selfish question.
‘I mean I haven’t heard of it yet.’
Crude’s body, which was spinning around in the air, went over the wall following the inertia of the throw and fell to the ground in Arabot.
“No eh eh eh!”
Unable to hold back the heat, Fleur jumped down the wall following Crude.
* * *
Kang! Kang!
The iron, which boasts the highest rigidity, began to crack.
The sword of the giant corps leader Girshin, who had reached the 7th level of Anecdotal Art, finally began to destroy Babel’s body.
Kanya trembled as she held the stunned Lena in her arms.
The battle between Girshin and Babel was so fast that her eyes, an ordinary Mecha member, could not follow it, but it was so fast that she could accurately imagine it just by looking at the roaring fireworks.
The other giants had already annihilated all the rebels and left to push the rearguard forward, and only Kanya and Lena were the only survivors left on the desolate battlefield.
“no. this is not… … .”
The reason why everyone died and only them survived.
It’s a fact she never wants to think about, but Kanya had a duty to know it.
Babel, who calculated the odds of war as 0%, moved only to protect Kanya and Lena.
And now… … Even the probability of the third item of Sirone’s algorithm was converging to 0%.
“Hehe, that’s pretty good for a tin can. But that’s the limit of the machine. No one can overcome the might of a giant.”
To Girshin, Babel was a match he hadn’t met in a long time, but the inspiration was just there.
He has always won, so no one is worth more than a match.
There is only one being who can rule him.
Not even Anker, but the strongest of all creatures in this world, the giant Ymir.
“Tahaaaaa!”
Girshin’s spirit was completely buried in the ensuing roar, and Babel’s right arm was cut off with a flash of light.
Losing part of a body organ in Babel’s program, which specializes in bactu, is a fatal blow.
That’s why the Gaians also considered durability as the most important thing when designing a barbell.
However, Girshin’s strength surpassed its durability, and finally Babel’s arithmetic device produced a win rate of less than 0.1%.
Avoiding Girshin’s sword, Babel threw herself and blocked Kanya and Lena’s path.
thud! thump thump!
As her shoulders opened, the protruding ironclad slammed into the ground, protecting Kanya and Lena.
Almost at the same time, Girshin ran and struck Babel with his sword.
Aaaaaaaaaagh!
As a tremendous shock exploded on Babel’s back, Kanya’s shoulders, who had been listening closely, shook.
But Babel’s expression didn’t change at all.
He was still enduring Girshin’s attack while looking indifferently at Kanya and Lena with a cold face like a machine.
—————————————

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-497.txt
=============YYYYY=============
[497] That afternoon (5)
“do … ”
Kanya spit out involuntarily.
“Run away.”
Babel didn’t answer.
Due to the priority of the Syrone Algorithm, it was an order that could not be followed.
But to Kanya, algorithms didn’t matter anymore.
It is because the face of the most important person who had to leave a year ago overlaps with the appearance of Babel who protects her and Lena.
‘mom… … .’
Babel is not a mother.
Because they are not living things, they do not feel pain, and because they do not have life, they have no fear of death.
It was completely different from the mother who willingly accepted death for the sake of her children without expressing her pain.
“Run away! I don’t want to be helped by the likes of you!”
But why are the tears flowing?
My father’s death is still clearly imprinted in my head, so why does my heart hurt so much?
“Babel protects Kanya and Lena.”
The vibrations of her torso bursting and cracking mixed with noise in her audio system.
“You are the enemy! You killed my dad! you killed my dad! You are not my mother!”
“Babel pays a price when the war is over.”
“no! I mean no!”
Kanya hugged Babel and cried.
The thought that there was still someone protecting him was so unfair and resentful, but a sense of regret flooded over him, wondering why he hadn’t realized it a little earlier.
As Girshin’s attack became stronger, Babel’s aircraft began to shake more violently.
The red panels embedded in Babel’s eyes flickered, and machine fragments resembling human flesh spurted out like a fountain behind him.
It is dying.
Clearly, Kanya felt that way about Babel’s condition.
“What if I leave like this! you will kill me! I will kill you in the most painful way!”
Machines don’t die.
only disintegrates.
Babel decided that the information should be passed on, but erased the sentence immediately before output.
“I feel no pain. but… … ,”
Kanya, covered in tears and snot, looked up.
For the first time, a clear voice with noise removed leaked from Babel’s still cold face.
“Maybe this is the pain.”
“Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa”
A crushing sadness weighed on Kanya’s heart.
“I’m sorry I couldn’t protect you until the end.”
As the red panels of the Babel burned brilliantly, Kanya shook her head like a child and shouted.
“no! don’t do it! It’s an order! according to my instructions! I mean don’t do it!”
Given an impossible order, Babel searched for answers for a while, but there was no option to stop her tears.
Perhaps it was an illusion, but Kanya thought that Babel had a slightly troubled smile on his lips.
– Execute self-destruct mode. Map weapon Babel.
Babel, who had risked everything with a probability of less than 0.1 percent and endured destruction so far, raised its output to the maximum.
“Oohhhh!”
As Girsin glared at the shattered back of Babel and struck the final blow, a flash of light was fired from the glass sphere that served as the muzzle for the map weapon.
“this… … !”
As the glass sphere shattered, the photoelectric cannon spread carelessly.
A flash of light devastated the area around the rear radius, and there was nothing left where it passed.
-Target removal failed.
After accepting the final signal from the central device, Babel tried every possible way to restart the machine, but there was nothing he could do as it was horribly destroyed.
‘Cane… … .’
As soon as a short name was entered into the computing device, the power to all devices was cut off, and eternal darkness came.
“no! wake up! I can’t die! I mean get up again!”
Kanya hugged the upper body of the barbell and sobbed. He missed the most hated machine in the world.
* * *
Babel’s photoelectric cannon devastated a 2km radius to the rear.
It was such a speed of reaction, great power, and range that even Girshin of the world could not be sure of life or death.
However, since it was only a family, his expression was not good as he stood on a plateau 3 kilometers away from the battlefield.
The moment Babel’s muzzle caught the light, about 100 glass plates around him flashed and moved the space.
signal.
All giants know the power of Ikael’s triangular Mara and Ashur.
‘Ashur. Ymir’s rival.’
Girshin glared at Ashur with a kind eye.
It is now a thing of the past to compete for the position of the best commander in heaven, but Ashur was still a thorn in the eye for Ymir, who thought he was the best.
“I don’t say thank you. I could have avoided that kind of surprise.”
Even if he was second in the ranks of the giants, if the opponent was the archangel’s triangular Mara, he would not be in a position to stand up for himself, but Ashur didn’t care.
If pride had been important to him, he would not have evacuated Girshin in the first place.
“Don’t underestimate Babel’s computational power. It was unpredictable. Would you admit it too?”
“Heh, like that or not. If you die, you die. Running away is not to the taste of giants.”
“no. Further battles are pointless. All we can do is minimize power loss for the next war.”
Girshin frowned and asked.
“What nonsense are you talking about? Victory is just around the corner.”
“You still don’t know, what lies at the end of this war?”
“We only fight. The outcome is irrelevant.”
“Then let me tell you this. Why is Ymir still not moving?”
Girshin was silent.
Ymir’s animalistic intuition has already reached a level so transcendent that it cannot even be called the realm of animals.
“this… … Isn’t it the end?”
Ashur nodded.
“Currently, Satan has descended on Jebul and is destroying the angels. The human side cast a powerful magic that aimed directly at Arabot. Whichever comes first, at this rate Heaven will perish.”
Girshin’s expression began to grow serious.
“But Captain Ymir is not moving. thus… … .”
“okay.”
Realizing that no further explanation was necessary, Ashur cut off his words and concluded.
“The will of Ra will be activated soon.”
* * *
Second thousand Rakia.
Gangnan, whose wrists were tied, was standing with his legs half undone in the Hall of Corruption object <Jachung>.
<Jachung>’s ability is limited to absorbing power, but it was fixed in space using henna, an angel’s ability.
Kang Nan, who had been tortured all night, was horrendous, and his strength was so weak that he couldn’t even control himself.
The biggest problem was the eyes that lost their vitality.
Gaold does not come.
It was more understanding than resentment.
I was convinced that I could do it because I watched how intensely Gaold lived to save Miro.
“It is past noon. It seems to have abandoned you.”
Yuriel, who was floating with her arms folded outside the castle wall, looked over the destroyed bridge and said.
Gangnan did not answer.
I already knew it, but admitting it with my mouth was a completely different matter.
Uriel slowly turned around and looked back at Kariel standing next to Kang Nan.
‘I’m more weak than before.’
An angel’s greatness comes from the mind, so trauma directly affects their sense of presence.
Although Rayel canceled the stop magic, the humiliation suffered by humans further hurt Kariel, who was already weak.
Dark shadows fell under her eyes, and her handsome face was parched, devoid of any Archangel’s authority.
Whoa oh oh!
A gale blew in from Arrabot.
Just the sand mixed with the wind hitting the backboard made Gangnan feel the pain of burning his skin.
‘Life is… … pain.’
I said so.
Gaold.
“Kariel-sama, let the execution begin.”
The fallen angel Mauriel approached and asked for permission, but Kariel was still silent.
After being subjected to human magic, his hatred for humans deepened in his weakened mind.
The question was, what was the source of that hatred?
‘I am… … .’
When did you start hating humans?
The doubt that Kariel had never thought about met exactly at the point of contact with the question that Uriel had always thought about.
‘Yes, Kariel. Isn’t it strange indeed? Angels are great, but humans are confused. Indeed we… … .’
Are they really superior to humans?
There is no future of Heaven without an answer to that question.
That’s why Yuriel decided to watch Kariel’s long fight to the end, and it finally came to fruition.
“He is coming.”
All the remaining fallen angels and Maras in Rakia turned their heads to the plain in front of the wall.
Mikea Gaold, who had made them realize the terrible desires of humans, was moving slowly.
“Uh, why… … ?”
Kang Nan looked at Gaold with a shocked expression. It was an unbelievable sight even after seeing it with my own eyes.
When Uriel landed on the ground, Gaold stopped walking.
“Where is the maze?”
“… … .”
Gaold didn’t answer and looked up at Gangnan.
She was carrying all her weight with her hands in handcuffs, her clothes were torn and there were numerous scars.
Gaold, who had been looking at her for a long time with an expressionless face, suddenly opened his mouth and smiled coolly.
“Quack. You got it right, mutt.”
“This… … !”
Gangnan, who gritted his teeth and squeezed his strength, shouted.
“You fool! Why the hell did you come here!”
It was an honest feeling of gangnan.
It’s a maze that’s been recovered, but it’s time to run only for her, so what am I supposed to do when I give up everything and come here?
“Seeing how rough your mouth is, it looks like you can still hold on.”
“go back! I mean go to the maze! Have you forgotten what it cost you to come here?”
“Yeah, I forgot.”
“… … what?”
Kang Nan was at a loss for words at the words he uttered so easily and put on a dazed expression.
“I forgot what price you paid to save me until now.”
Kang Nan, who had tears in his eyes, desperately held back the cry that was about to vomit.
Did you know?
I’ve never talked about it, and I’ve never wanted him to know.
Therefore, Gangnan could be satisfied with this.
“okay. so go back Because I’m fine… … Because please… … Go find happiness.”
Gaold took another step.
As the distance with Uriel got closer, all the fallen angels flew in and surrounded Gaold.
Gaold, forced to stop again, looked up at Gangnan and raised a corner of his mouth.
“Don’t be too angry. Even if you don’t notice, I’ll leave on my own. But before that, shouldn’t we keep our promise?”
Gangnan’s lips trembled.
‘no. Do not say.’
“I said I would never leave you again.”
My heart started beating wildly.
A benevolent smile, rarely seen on Gaold, conveyed a feeling of extreme unease.
Gaold did not abandon the maze, nor did he come to save himself.
I was thinking of getting rid of all the hatred I had built up towards the world through 20 years of suffering.
Mauryel approached with a sneer.
“I must have told you to bring Miro. Do you think you can go back alive even if you violate the offer?”
“Ha, this guy and that guy… … .”
Gaold bowed his head and sighed softly.
And when he raised his head again, the good face disappeared before he knew it, and he was back to the mad wizard again.
“I’m going to get annoyed and go crazy.”
As the forgotten nightmare from 10 years ago resurfaced in his head, the blood drained from Gangnan’s face.
“don’t do it… … .”
Gaold’s eyelids trembled as he stared up at the sky, and his pupils slowly began to roll up.
“Don’t do it… … .”
Tears poured out uncontrollably, and Kang Nan could not stand it and wept bitterly.
“do not do that… … mister.”
At the same time, all of Gaold’s hair stood on end.
‘Goodbye, damn world.’
Dipper!
All the fallen angels surrounding Gaold disappeared as if they had evaporated, leaving only a few drops of liquid behind.
apperception.
100 million times.
(end of volume 20)
—————————————

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-498.txt
=============YYYYY=============
[498] Despair. despair (1)
life pain.
Gaold said so.
“mister.”
It was a time when Gaold, who had returned to Tormia, was struggling to raise the ranks of the association.
Gangnan, a 16-year-old girl who was walking in the association’s garden, plucked a red flower that grew next to the railing and showed it to Gaold.
“Isn’t this pretty?”
It was a splendid flower that could not be seen even in the southern part of her hometown, let alone in the desert where not a single blade of grass grows.
Gaold peered at the flowers with nonchalant eyes.
His magic skills were among the best in his age group, but politics was an area that required another talent.
He was gradually getting tired of the conflict within the association, and he was indifferent to everything.
Kang Nan also understood Gaold, so he did not wait for an answer and said, holding a petal in front of his eyes.
“What I like most about Tormia is that there are many pretty flowers. What is the name of this flower?”
“pain.”
Gangnan raised his eyes toward Gaold.
“pain? What is the name of this flower?”
“I don’t even know the name. But whatever the name, it is pain.”
Gaold strode forward and looked down at Gangnan.
Although he had become nervous lately, he had a colder and more fearful expression today.
“But these flowers are beautiful.”
Gaold snatched the flower Kangnan was holding.
“Strength, all living things can feel the world only through pain. Pleasure is actually just a way of accepting pain.”
“Daddy, you seem to be having a hard time these days. You better get some rest.”
Kang Nan expressed his sadness around the corner.
Of course, she now knows better than anyone how much Gaold must suffer and live in the world.
However, since Gaold had never expressed his misfortune, he didn’t want to see him say such a thing.
Gaold cast a spell and sharpened the tip of the flower.
“The reason why flowers are beautiful is to pass on to posterity, but from the time they are born until they wither, they never know who their mate is. You can’t even see what your child looks like. Kang Nan-ah, life is suffering. The five senses that make up us and the nerves that run under our skin are just functions designed to accept the pain of life.”
“Life is… … pain.”
It wasn’t a way of thinking that he liked, but Kang Nan thought that maybe Gaold’s words were true.
There is only a difference in degree, but this world that one existence accepts is full of suffering.
Pain 100 million times – air press.
Perseok!
All the fallen angels surrounding Gaold disappeared as if they had evaporated, leaving only a few drops of liquid behind.
It feels as if the sky has collided with the ground.
Among those within Gaold’s radius, Archangel Uriel was the only one who stood still.
Uriel’s halo spread out into a ring with a diameter of 100 meters and spun terrifyingly.
He didn’t appear to be shaken by the shock, but just by looking at how quickly his mind was accelerating, you could tell how powerful Gaold was.
‘Is this really human power?’
When it comes to a human being who transcends humans, Uriel only picks Mirage, but Gaold’s self-denial also had to be seen as having already surpassed the human category.
“Quaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!”
But that wasn’t what Gaold originally had.
After 20 years of hatred exploded all at once, the aftermath was enormous.
All I feel is pain.
Gaold, trembling as he lifted his egg white, lost his temper and screamed. Eventually, his lower jaw fell out and he began to emit sounds only through his throat.
“Aaaaaa! Aaaaaaa!”
Gaold ran madly.
Almost instinctively, running in the direction suggested by the realm of unconsciousness, he rushed toward the hardship.
puck!
As the second air press unfolded, the fallen angels and maras disappeared at the same time as the first.
“Ahhh! Khehehe!”
life pain.
Gaold felt 100 million times the pain, just by being there, all the information in the world was transmitted as pain.
Tears of blood flowed from Gaold’s eyes as he raised his head toward the sky, in shock too great for a human being made of flesh and blood to handle.
As if the soul imprisoned in the body is mad to escape the miserable creature’s prison.
Like that, Gaold struggled in the bondage of pain bestowed on creatures.
* * *
Tormia Kingdom.
Isabel, a certified third-class wizard and former manager of the magic library of the Magic Association, was hospitalized in a hospital dedicated to the association, one kilometer away from the Magic Association in Baska, the capital.
Although she was a talented scholar and magician recognized by the world, she was caught up in a political conspiracy within the Society and tortured for 48 hours for protecting Gaold.
As promised, Sakiri, the advisor, did not use the ‘balance of truth’ outside the rules.
However, the inside of his hands was cruel enough to feel even malice beyond the lack of emotion, and Isabelle painted all the time she was given in the color of pain without feeling even a second of comfort.
As a result, Isabelle endured 48 hours and bought time for Gaold’s team to go to heaven.
It was dawn yesterday that she had been unable to regain consciousness for over a month and depended on the life support system to continue her lifespan.
Healing wizards and surgeons checked her condition and asked many questions, but her mouth still remained unopened to this day.
He just blinked indifferently and looked up at the ceiling decorated with white wallpaper.
smart.
Even when someone knocked on the hospital room, her gaze did not return.
However, the moment I heard the voice of the man who opened the door and came in, my pupils shook and my head moved slowly.
“Are you okay? They say you woke up yesterday morning.”
Sakiri, a 5th-class magician certified by the Magic Association who tortured Isabelle for 48 hours, entered with a calm expression.
Isabel’s heart rate began to speed up exponentially as the memory of that time came to mind.
However, the shaking of the pupils soon subsided, and the expression also began to stabilize to some extent.
He is a man I never want to see again in my life.
However, Isabelle did not stop Sakiri from approaching.
What he wanted to gain by paying the price of giving up his body was the answer to Gaold’s long-standing question.
“How did it go?”
Sakiri brought a chair next to Isabelle’s bed and asked as she slowly sat down.
“What?”
“Gaold… … Did you go to heaven?”
“Went. But still haven’t come back. It may never come back.”
Sakiri sighed and looked at Isabelle, who was lost in thought, as she continued.
“The Association dispatched Cage Team B, but they are also out of contact. Things are getting complicated.”
Isabel couldn’t hear Sakiri’s words.
That wasn’t what she really wanted to know.
“… … Could it have transcended?”
Sakiri didn’t answer.
“Gaold… … .”
She clenched her right hand tightly, and she shuddered in shame and misery.
Amid all the tortures, Isabelle cursed being born a thousand times.
It was broken.
The feeling of falling endlessly towards something subhuman.
I felt like I could do anything mean, shameful, dirty and ugly if I could stop this pain.
That is the fate of living things.
The karma of human beings who have no choice but to be dominated by pain.
‘But how… … Gaold, how are you… … .’
Isabelle covered her eyes with her arms clenched into fists. Tears streamed down her cheeks incessantly between her eyelids.
“Gaold… … .”
Isabelle burst into tears and shouted.
“Did he really transcend! Could it have transcended pain, human bondage, and the fate of living things!”
If life is suffering, being born is a curse.
But if it was Gaold, maybe he could transcend that curse and become something truly free from pain?
If so, Isabelle can hold on.
Regardless of your will, you can overcome the hatred for humans that has been embedded in your brain and live again.
Sakiri answered honestly, embodying her experience as a torturer who tortured countless people.
“well. You can forget the pain. However, jumping over is impossible at the stage of living things.”
Turning his head to the window, he continued talking while looking farther than the sky.
“But if there was a case, it would be the only Gaold in the world.”
* * *
Perseok!
As the third Air Press was cast, the number of Fallen Angels and Mara decreased to about half of the first.
Now the enemies are beginning to realize the overwhelming force that has no choice but to disappear at the same time as they approach.
“Aaaaaaaaa!”
Gaold, who had become an incarnation of pain with no direction or purpose set, now forgot even the existence of Gangnan, who was chained to the wall, and ran wild without permission.
The appearance of Gaold with his lower jaw protruding, arms struggling, and bloody tears pouring out is like a goblin.
“mister… … ! mister… … !”
Like the girl who sent Gaold to Hell ten years ago, Kang Nan was terrified.
Life is not pain.
Gaold’s true face was not like that.
“Then why do we exist?”
As Gaold raised another topic as he walked to the flower bed, Kang Nando put aside thoughts of pain and roused his mind.
“It’s really strange. Humans experience pain from birth and must feel that pain until the moment they die. Then, is life just an illegitimate child with the curse of the universe?”
While Gangnan thought of an answer, Gaold walked over to the flower bed, scooped up the soil, and replanted the flowers.
“Can it survive, without roots?”
“Maybe it will take root again. Of course, you will have to go through a very painful process.”
Gaold looked back at Kang Nan who had approached the flower bed.
“But Kangnan, that is what life is like. Because you were born, flowers bloom even in pain.”
Gaold looked at the flower struggling for life with a hearty smile, then turned to Gangnan.
“So life is the most beautiful flower in the world. Just like this flower, our lives are also beautiful.”
Gangnan saw it for the first time.
Gaold’s face, with such a kind and beautiful smile, was the true face of Gaold before he became a madman.
“Aaaaaaaa! Aaaaaaaaa!”
Gaold cried out.
His tongue was pulled out and his face, distorted like a demon, seemed to contain nothing but pain.
Watching Gaold writhe in pain, Gangnan closed his eyes tightly and burst into tears.
“Ahhh… … ! Ah ah ah ah ah… … !”
Gaold had to live with a disease called self-reciprocal mutation, possibly a curse from God.
But he said life is a beautiful thing.
The man I loved the most in the world, the man who was more beautiful than anything else, was crumbling.
‘Get loose! Please let go!’
Kang Nan struggled to get out of the <jachung> that restrained both hands.
“Get loose! It’s going to be loose!”
He didn’t mind breaking his arm and shook it, but because the power was absorbed, there was no impact.
‘I can’t send it like this!’
Even if your body is broken, you must go down. Jump down the wall and meet Gaold.
“Ahhh! Khehehe!”
Every time Gaold screamed in pain, Kang Nan’s heart was torn into a thousand pieces.
“mister! I’ll go! Hang in there!”
Kang Nan burst into tears and struggled even more, but <Jachung> didn’t think to open it at all.
In the helplessness of her entire life collapsing, she let out a miserable scream as she was clinging to the handcuffs.
“Ah ah ah ah ah! Ah ah ah ah ah!”
The feeling of having to watch the pain of a loved one is infinite pain that cannot be expressed in words.
Gangnan was finally able to understand Zulu’s words.
“Aaaaaaaa! Aaaaaaaa!”
The human heart is hell.
—————————————

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-499.txt
=============YYYYY=============
[499] Despair. despair (2)
despair. despair (2)
Tier 2 monster Furaka.
A giant reptile with three heads, it was the strongest monster that spewed flame, deadly poison, and electricity from each horn.
As a monster that boasts the most powerful attack magic among Zulu’s summoning magic, Puraka did not shrink even against the triangular Marakali.
A haze of deadly poison spread, and the white light of lightning flashed in a place full of colors of flame.
Every time the scenery glowed, Kali’s black shadow-like body revealed a wallpaper-like pattern.
The pattern resembling a whirlpool absorbed Puraka’s magic and discharged it as black smoke.
It was the spirit of death.
“You’re stupid, human.”
Kali swung her sword of death, knocking off Puraka’s three heads at the same time and charging at Zulu.
The four major weapons of Kali, the sword, shield, whip, and skull, each symbolize death, and their effects are cutting, disease, pain, and decay, and none of them are fatal to humans.
“I will take your life.”
Kali’s whip wrapped around Zulu’s wrist, excruciating pain.
The disappearance of Puraka’s body means that the boss is broken.
But Zulu’s expression did not change.
she reveals nothing
This is because expression is a form of communication that is possible only when there is someone to watch over.
Carly frowned at Zulu’s unconcerned appearance even in the state of being entangled in the whip of pain.
“You are a worthless human being.”
It’s not about putting up with it or not showing it.
It was strange, as if there was an abyss hole in her heart and all emotions were sucked into it.
“Anyway, death comes.”
Kali, with a skull in front, charged forward brandishing her sword and shield.
As the aura of disease deteriorated Zulu’s body and the aura of decay rotted his cells, the black sword drew a strange trajectory and aimed at Zulu’s neck.
Posmetry.
A golden space-time bird soared to the ceiling, a blade slicing straight through Zulu’s neck.
Zulu escaped from the whip wrapped around her wrist and retreated to the end of the trailer.
It is impossible for normal humans to concentrate their minds while being entangled in the whip of pain.
Kali had second thoughts about the Zulu man.
‘He’s severely deficient.’
absolute denial.
deny the pain
deny death
They are even denying themselves.
Standing at the center of the cycle, there is no clear reality for her, so even the pain is not real.
It was the complete opposite of Gaold’s self-denial, and therefore inhuman.
side side side side side side.
The only perceptible change in Zulu’s gaze at Carly was the progressively faster sucking sound.
“I’m sorry, human. How did you get to that point?”
‘I can’t win at this rate.’
Faiel’s triangular mara is the nemesis of all living things.
‘Should I give up my life?’
It’s an absurd strategy, but that was the first thought that came to Zulu’s head.
side.
After one sharp squeak, Zulu stopped sucking on the pacifier.
When the thought that circulated everything stopped, Zulu’s true face was revealed for the first time.
‘Isn’t it truly amazing?’
Kali realized that what she had been fighting so far was only a human shell called Zulu.
The reality of Zulu, hidden in the never-ending flow of circulation, was the same nature as Kali, the god of death.
Middle Eastern language, shady and in some sense even mysterious, flowed out of Zulu’s mouth like the first line of a song.
“The greatest fear of man is not death.”
Kali understood the Zulu language as if it were her mother tongue, learned from birth.
“Is that so? Then what is your greatest fear?”
“Life with death on its back.”
Zulu equipped sergeant.
“Erga.”
A black bird was summoned and perched on Zulu’s shoulder.
The first Tier 10 monster she summoned when she was only three years old.
Kali made an expression of incomprehension at the appearance of the small and ungainly pet.
“Are you going to deal with me with just that?”
Zulu ignored it and continued.
“Human beings are truly strange beings, even though they know about death, they deny it. In fact, there is no death in their lives. It is a human being who knows he could die for some reason right now, but thinks it will never happen.”
“Are you trying to say otherwise?”
“Death is… … .”
Zulu looked at Erga’s wings flying above her head, then turned her head.
There was an indescribable dark aura in her eyes.
“It was always on my back.”
“gibberish.”
Carly took the posture to charge again with the skeleton at the forefront.
Then Erga blocked Zulu’s path and spread her wide beak to repeat Zulu’s words.
“Death was always on my back.”
Carly’s advance stopped.
It’s because Erga’s voice is perfectly identical to Zulu’s.
“This monster is the first creature I successfully summoned. Her name is Erga.”
“so? Are you saying you want to die together in the end?”
“Summoning magic is done through the omnipotence of the boss. There are three stages in a boss, which are the process of imprinting, empathizing, and disappearing.”
Zulu turned to herself and looked at Erga, who was puffing her beak, with cold eyes.
“Erga was the first creature to come to me. we were always together that’s the imprint We got to know each other well. that’s empathy And finally… … .”
When Zulu turned to Carly again, her face was no longer normal.
extreme loneliness.
There was nothing in her expression, like the scenery of some planet that had not been visited by a single being since her birth.
Carly realized the identity of the strange feeling she felt when she first revealed her true self.
There is no love.
She was a human made with a complete lack of affection.
“Can I tell you something fun?”
Tears of blood began to flow down Zulu’s drooping eyes.
“At the time, I was three years old. I don’t know exactly, but maybe that was it. And I… … .”
Erga’s black body began to crush with a crunching sound.
The black lump, like minced meat, writhed unpleasantly and began to unravel into a huge body like a scroll unwinding.
Key E E E E E E E!
As a grotesque scream shook Shion, the 10-meter-tall Shinigami revealed its identity.
The robe had an exceptionally long waist and had its head bowed.
The bony skeleton’s fingers hung down at the end of its long sleeves.
It was as if a hole had been pierced through the space by the lobe, whose light absorption rate was close to 100 percent.
Although a death mage called a tier 1 monster, Zulu had never encountered a lich in his life.
Thus, the lich is her incarnated self.
It was a reflection of her distorted desire for brutally killing the first life she met.
“Erga!”
Zulu’s face, clutching at his chest and weeping blood, seemed to represent the face of the lich hidden under his robes, his soul draining away.
oh oh oh oh oh!
Carly felt an unfamiliar feeling in Richie’s appearance.
A great fear that could only be encountered from her owner, Faiel.
Death is the end of life, but it is not the end of everything.
The true end lies beyond death. eternal solitude.
The loneliness emanating from the lich was making Kali tremble.
“Ergaaaaaaa!”
Zulu’s voice was vaguely distant and stimulating, as if coming from the underworld.
i killed
He brutally strangled the neck of the first friend he met because he thought that if he took his life, he would stay by his side forever.
‘I can’t do this.’
Carly wielded all four weapons at the same time, distorting her expression terribly.
‘No human being can overcome the fear of death.’
Death is the ruler of living things.
“Destroy!”
Kali’s sword cut through the lich’s robes, but it was hers that cut.
Nothing can be cut in the empty void.
oh oh oh oh!
Richie reached out his bony hands and covered Carly.
* * *
“This is pretty… … Interesting.”
The Nephilim Nameless, born between the Angel of Achievement and Garas, was muttering something outside the curtain of Stop that Armin had spread.
In Armin’s world, the realm of the speed of light that only he is supposed to have reached.
It was clearly a state beyond dozens of barriers even to an unknown born with an endless desire to achieve.
However, for him, who has far greater insight than humans, the barrier was only a matter of time after all.
“Ohh. aha. Right.”
Armin got goosebumps at the sight of him nodding his head from start to finish with his sword hanging down.
I didn’t take any action, but I was convinced every time I saw his eyes shining every moment.
growth? Awakening? Evolution?
It was clear that it was approaching, chewing and swallowing the land at a speed that is impossible to explain with any human concept.
‘damn! At this rate… … !’
Just when Armin was thinking about taking a gamble, a dark wind blew past the unknown.
visor!
Anonymous easily raised his sword to block Quan’s attack and launched a counterattack.
Like a scholar engrossed in an old study getting wind, the face that pushed Quan was extremely calm.
‘Damn it.’
Kuan was displeased with that expression.
In a situation where he risked his life and unfolded sword fighting, he had sleepy eyes.
Is the clash of swords just a childish play to the nameless?
‘Do you know how to laugh at swords?’
Kuan vibrated, drawing out external gravity in all directions.
The body vibrating left and right passed by the nameless at some point.
“Gagging!”
Dozens of scars were formed on Quan’s body, and blood gushed out.
Rolling on the floor and centering himself, he glared at the nameless in disbelief.
“this… … It was too shallow.”
Moo-myung brushed off the blood on the blade and turned his head.
“Next time it will be a little deeper.”
Kuan’s teeth gnashed in Angdamun’s mouth.
The dozens of small wounds he received as a reward for not allowing a fatal blow rather hacked his pride in his swordsmanship.
As Quan kicked off the ground and jumped out, Nameless came rushing in.
The two swordsmen, who had collided head-on, seemed to be competing for a moment, but in just a few seconds, wounds began to form on Kuan’s body again.
Shiina, who had been watching the battle from behind the curtain of stop, hurriedly stood up.
“We have to get out!”
Kuan’s ability cannot subdue the nameless.
Even if the skill was taken away, it was the best decision to see the game in the early stages.
At that moment, Armin hugged Shiina and pulled her down to the floor.
“brother?”
“… … .”
When Armin didn’t answer, Shiina finally realized what he was thinking.
“brother! Let go of this!”
However, no matter how hard he tried, Armin would not let go of Shiina.
Anonymous who has already conquered flicker magic will not miss all three of them here.
If Kuan somehow created an opportunity, it was best to run away with Shiina.
“brother! brother!”
Shiina shook her body more violently and tried to tear Armin away.
But at some point, it seemed to freeze and stopped moving, eyes wide open, looking straight ahead.
There was a smile on the lips of the nameless who had cut Kuan.
“Aha, this is delicious.”
Quan stood with his back for a moment, then turned around with a bitter expression.
Finally, a fatal blow, Kuan’s side split open, and red blood gushed out like a fountain.
“ha.”
A groan of rage leaked from his mouth.
“I’m going to really go crazy.”
—————————————

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-5.txt
=============YYYYY=============
Please enable JavaScript
Shirone kept quiet about what had happened in the city.
It was not a simple matter. Because once he brought it up, he would have had to tell them about what happened at the magic academy.
Shirone thought back to the incredible experiences that day brought forth.
Whether it was a blessing or a misfortune, it was clear that since he had crossed the line, there was no going back.
Geniuses know if they are a genius, and Shirone had more or less realized that he was a bit different from others since he was young.
And although he had never felt superior, his desire to overcome limitations was stronger than anyone else.
But he couldn’t reveal it.
His parents were the most precious things in the world to Shirone, and he didn’t want to burden them with such things, as despite the fact they were poor, they never forced him to go through a hopeless path.
And due to that, daily life didn’t change.
He helped his mom with housework and went to the nearby forest to cut down trees.
However, Shirone now spent most of his time meditating, not wielding an axe.
Every single day since the awakening, Shirone had been secretly training the Spirit Zone.
Thanks to this, by the time a month had passed, Shirone managed to cut down the time it took him to enter the Spirit Zone.
There were some parts that were not as easy as he thought.
No matter how familiar he was with the Spirit Zone, he could not reproduce the magic from the alley.
‘It’s to be expected.’
He only subconsciously managed to do it due to his instincts kicking in.
So even if a similar situation were to occur, and the same emotions were to surge forth again, he knew it’d be difficult to do it while being aware of it.
‘If I want to rationally cast magic, I’ll have to skip over insight and instead learn the middle process to know everything!’
But there was no information available to Shirone, who had not formally learned magic.
Instead, he focused on digging into the Spirit Zone which was the only thing he could do.
When he finished meditating, he practiced the Thunder Strike.
Unlike the first time, the success rate dropped as he began to be conscious of the skill.
‘The power of insight is incredible!’
Sometimes, beginners succeeded not because of knowledge, but because of insight.
However, cutting wood was different from magic, as you were able to practice doing it.
With each swing, Shirone corrected his mistakes one by one.
Craaack!
The tree fell satisfyingly.
But Shirone continued to swing his axe without a look of satisfaction or happiness.
He was just correcting a mistake he found.
‘Tomorrow, as well as the day after that…’
That was how he repeated the basics.
‘For the chance to practice magic will come one day.’
While dragging the logs home, Shirone’s eyes shone with intensity as this was the most motivated he had ever been.
Standing by the window, Shirone looked at the magnificent view of late autumn leaves flying through the mountains.
3 years had passed, and he was now a 15-year-old boy.
He still wore childish clothing, but he had a face handsome enough to turn heads.
“I’ll be back, mom.”
“Take it easy. We have plenty of wood.”
“It’s gonna be winter soon. We have to be prepared.”
He let out a cold breath as he left the cabin.
Since seasons arrived faster in the mountains than in the cities, snow was already piled up at the top of the mountain.
“I’ll have to walk quickly if I want to be back before sunset.”
Shirone wasn’t scared of the cold as he spent three years training in the Spirit Zone, and due to this, his mental fortitude had already exceeded the level of normal adults.
After his shy character disappeared, he hung out with the other children, but he had no particularly close friends.
They were different from Shirone.
The children of the mountain were all rough, and most of the girls thought the same way as well.
For example, a year ago, a woman named Hauran from a Hwajeonmin Village once seduced Shirone.
TL/N: Hwajeonmin Village refers to a place where people who practice the slash-and-burn agricultural technique live.
When she, who was six years older, tried to approach physically, Shirone freaked out and refused.
Then she suddenly changed and threatened to ransack his house if he told anyone about what happened.
Shirone, who recalled the event, burst into laughter.
It didn’t end up happening, but he remembered being really perturbed about her coming.
‘I’m sure she’s doing well!’
Arriving at the logging area, Shirone found a suitable tree and lightly swung his axe. Afterwards, he took a careful look at the dent he had made.
If you were thinking of the commonly referred concept of ‘seeing’, he was actually not looking at anything.
‘It’s not something you can find with your eyes!’
You may automatically realize the principle if you repeat the same action or thoughts over and over.
Shirone, who had swung his axe in numerous ways over the past three years, was finally catching on.
‘Feel with my eyes.’
It was a method called Inner Eye.
Shirone’s eyes changed for a moment as he swung at the dent with strong force, unlike before.
Following the sound of thunder, the tree fell down.
‘That succeeded with just two tries!’
Although luck was on his side this time, he had succeeded with 10 tries before anyways.
‘Whoo.’
After finishing his quota, Shirone sat down on the stump of the fallen tree and entered the Spirit Zone.
Currently, his Spirit Zone’s domain was a sphere with a diameter of about 40 meters, which was the level of an upperclassman at the magic academy where those who were talented gathered.
The shaking of the bushes was felt, the sounds of worms wriggling, and the sound of osmosis from the trees entered his ears vividly. It was as if the earth had assimilated into him.
Nature changed constantly, and Shirone felt it.
The five hours of savoring the dynamic world went by in an instant.
“Huh? It’s already dark?”
After completing his meditation, Shirone split the wood into pieces and carried it to the Jige.
TL/N: Jige is a traditional Korean framed carrier used in the past to carry heavy materials.
Arriving home, Shirone found a carriage in the yard and examined the stable.
Two white horses he had never seen before were eating the fodder.
“I’m back.”
No usual greeting welcomed him.
Come and read on our website wuxia worldsite. Thanks
The atmosphere was strange.
His mother’s face was dark, and in the living room, an old man he saw for the first time was talking to his father.
“Huh? Dad? When did you come back?”
“You’re home?”
For someone who left at dawn to go sell materials, he returned fairly quickly.
In addition, he would have drowned him with kisses, but this time he remained seated in his chair.
“Say hello, Shirone. He is the deputy butler of the Ogent family.”
The old man approached.
“Hello, I’m Temuran.”
[Translator – Anwen]
[Proofreader – Enigami]
“Nice to meet you. My name is Shirone.”
Shirone politely greeted.
Shirone, who lived deep in the mountains, also knew about the noble family, Ogent.
They were 2nd-class nobles located in Creas. They were known for producing skilled warriors and soldiers.
“I came to see you.”
Although the deputy butler was a commoner, Temuran’s tone was imbued with the characteristic sensibility of a noble.
The status system of Thormia was divided into nobles and commoners, but in reality, it wasn’t as simple as just that.
Those who worked closely with the aristocracy were more authoritative, and those who lived outside the castle, like the Vincent family, were often called and treated as the lowest commoners.
‘Even so…’
Why did someone of the highest status among commoners come all the way to this valley in the mountain?
“Then I’ll be taking a look.”
Temuran felt around Shirone’s body and examined his appearance, physique, and eyes.
Shirone was offended for being treated like livestock, but while Shirone was thinking that, Temuran said something.
“Do you know how to read?”
“Yes. I’ve been reading since I was young.”
“Hmm.”
Shirone’s patience has also reached its limit.
“I’d like to know what’s going on. Can you tell me?”
Temuran’s eyes grew cold
“You have a pretty good reputation. Being the son of a mountaineer, you know how to read, and you’re very devoted to your parents.”
Temuran said in a borderline mocking tone.
‘What the—’
As soon as Shirone tried to reply back, a shocking proposal left Temuran’s lips.
“Would you like to work for the Ogent family?”
“What?”
Shirone felt as if he had been struck by lightning.
‘What now?’
No, that didn’t matter because it would mean working for a 2nd-class noble family.
“The family is relocating the Great Library. It’s not work just anyone can do. There are about 10,000 books that cannot be leaked. The porters will do the heavy work, but the classification work will only be done by you and me. It’ll take about two years.”
‘Library!’
Shirone’s heart almost burst.
His excellent insight had a gut feeling that something ominous lay behind the suggestion, but he felt like he could take on any poison.
Temuran told Shirone the kind of poison he had to drink.
Which was his pride to not use cheap tricks against a commoner.
“You and your family are the only ones who know of this. If for any reason a book is leaked, or if rumors spread, you and your family are dead.”
Shirone then understood why the expressions of his parents were dark.
Even if he promised not to reveal anything, no one knew what could happen in those 2 years. It was like entrusting your life to someone else.
And yet, the reason why Shirone couldn’t turn down the offer was probably because…
“We’ll compensate you with enough money to live a good life. You will earn a lot more compared to your father. Hah, thanks to having a good child, it looks like the family is going to make a living.”
Vincent spoke with a red face.
“I didn’t hear your proposal because of the money! I just wish that Shirone… That he…!”
Tears welled up.
A rare opportunity brought by a loving father who wanted only to help his son achieve his dreams… And yet said opportunity could end up killing his son.
“…My only wish is for my son to achieve his dreams.”
Temuran snorted.
“What are you thinking? Aren’t you getting ahead of yourself? Wake up. I’m only hiring. You were the one who asked me to use your son. There’s no reason for such a request unless it’s for money.”
“You said he can read books!”
“Of course he can read books if he’d like. But I’m not asking for him to read it, I’m saying that it’s impossible to perfectly keep an eye on him. That’s why I’m saying you’re dead if anything is leaked. It’s a minimal safeguard.”
Vincent clenched his teeth.
He heard, when he went to sell goods, that the deputy butler of a noble family was looking for a commoner who could read.
He thought it was an opportunity from heaven, so he ran to Temuran and begged him to use Shirone.
But he didn’t expect him to say that.
Imagining his son getting hurt… Was the thing that frightened him the most. What if he thinks that his dad sold his child away because he was blinded by money?
“Please leave. We don’t need any money. If I knew this was gonna happen, I wouldn’t have begged. So please, leave.”
“Dad, I’ll do it.”
“Shirone!”
Temuran looked back at Shirone, not expecting that.
“You’ll have to risk your life.”
It was quite the frightening job for a 15-year-old boy.
“Are you sure? I’m not trying to scare you. I’m telling you in advance that even a small rumor will lead to a blade next to your throat.”
“Yes, I’ll do it. I won’t ever leak anything, and I’ll not blame anything or anyone if a rumor were to spread for some reason. So let me do it.”
Temuran couldn’t help but trust him.
All the conditions were perfect.
He was a lowly commoner that could be killed anytime, had deep filial piety, and intelligence.
Feeling his travel was worth the effort, Temuran turned around.
“I’ll come pick you up in a week, but if you change your mind in the meantime, you can always tell me. But remember, once in the mansion, you won’t be able to leave until we’re done.”
Termuran opened the door and walked out, but his family wasn’t in the mood to open the door for him.

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-50.txt
=============YYYYY=============
Please enable JavaScript
[Translator – Anwen]
Chapter 50
The bell that indicated the start of class rang.
“Hooo? If that’s the case, I’m the expert regarding those sorts of problems. Let’s go to the research group together later.”
“Where’s Yiruki? I haven’t seen him.”
“He’s not coming today. Something along the line of his renewed passion not prepared to accept old, bland education. Anyways, he’s sleeping like a log in the research group.”
“Haha! That’s so Yiruki.”
Yiruki declared that he would advance towards his dream after the confrontation with Shirone, but it seemed like his tendencies would not easily change.
“Let’s talk later. Class is about to start.”
Seeing the empty hallway, Shirone quickly made his way towards the lecture room.
After diligently focusing on his studies for the day, he headed to the research group with Nade after his daily routine.
Shirone was amazed once again as he stood in front of the magic warehouse, Estas.
If the shape he saw last time was a colony-like structure, now there were seven towers scraping the sky.
“Even though it’s my second time seeing it, this building is really amazing.”
“I mean, there are 89 buildings, so there’s no end to the patterns. I hope Yiruki’s awake.”
As much as the outside had changed, the interior was no different, but Nade walked all around the maze with no hesitation.
“I’m curious, how do you find your way around? Even labeling would be of no use if the structure changes.”
“Haha! We don’t use such a one-dimensional method. Simple enough, we just memorize everything. A long time ago, an upperclassman who was part of this research group restored Estas’ blueprint.”
Shirone’s eyes grew large.
“What? Of this complicated building? No, before that, why did he do that? It wasn’t like he was going to build a new one.”
Though it was unproductive, Nade was still proud.
“There, look at the ceiling over there. There are three dots. That means this is the 3rd Room. Then we look to see what the color of the iron door to the 3rd warehouse is. It’s blue, right? Hence, this place becomes the Blue of Room 3.”
Shirone looked to where Nade was pointing.
“Then, you count the number of cubes. Since there are four intersections, that means there are four cubes connected to the surrounding area. It gets important from here. X is used to represent the room numbers, Y is used to represent colors, but in number form, and Z is the number of cubes. Finally you plug in the variables into the equation.”
“Equation?”
“Actually, the blueprint isn’t the standard blueprint that you’re thinking of. It’s simply impossible to express this building that way, so this blueprint that I’m talking about is really an equation. One that was made by analyzing Estas’ pattern. If you plug in the data, you will end up with a number with two decimal places. With that number, you can figure out where you are and where to go. In other words, there’s no way we’ll ever get lost inside Estas. Should I say it’s like a Master Key?”
‘Master Key.’
Shirone realized that the Supernatural Psychic Science Research Group was nowhere close to being normal.
Estas could change into different shapes an infinite number of times, and yet the seniors who established the equation managed to figure out its patterns.
While Shirone felt it was slightly unnecessary, he couldn’t understand the underlying reason behind it.
“But doesn’t calculating take a very long time? And all this just to get to the research lab?”
“You get used to it. It’s learning through experience. By the time three months pass, you won’t even need to substitute things into the equation. You’ll know it by heart.”
“Even now, Estas is still a unique structure because it only exists inside the Alpheas Magic Academy. According to the rumors, there was an ace savant amongst the first members of this research group. Even Yiruki said the equation was beautiful the moment he laid his eyes on it. Something along the lines of he didn’t think he could design an equation simpler than this. Anyways, don’t tell anyone about this. If the Master Key is leaked, there will be a big problem.”
‘…Certainly maniacal.’
A place that contained unproductive and crazy-obsessed seniors from the first generation.
And that place was the Supernatural Psychic Science Research group hidden deep inside the labyrinth known as Estas.
The two arrived at the lab.
Similar to before, the sign was tilted, and as soon as the door opened, clouds of dust rose and attacked them.
But this time, Shirone was prepared. He blocked his mouth and nose with his hand, thus avoiding managing to avoid what he felt was a catastrophe.
“Yiruki, we’re here.”
Yiruki, as usual, was writing complicated formulas on the blackboard. He smiled as soon as he saw Shirone.
“Hey, Shirone. What’s up? I didn’t think you’d come back to such a shabby place.”
Nade laughed as he recalled the past.
“Haha, seems like we were both wrong. He wants to join.”
“Oho?”
It must have been a surprise because Yiruki put down his chalk and walked towards them.
“How unexpected. This research group should have nothing to do with your personal studies.”
“The thing is, it doesn’t seem like that anymore. Something’s been troubling me recently. Can I get some consulting?”
Yiruki and Nade made eye contact. Yiruki smirked.
[Translator – Anwen]
“The genius who beat me has something he’s concerned about. Hmm, I can already tell it must be a heck of a concern.”
Now that Shirone knew and understood Yiruki’s personality, he was not offended by his twisted words.
“Something inside of me has changed. Ever since the Speed Gun exam, I have been having nightmares, and whenever I wake up, I feel kind of creeped out. No, I feel very creeped out. It feels like there is someone right next to me. Could this have any relation to either the supernatural or the psychic? Don’t you guys know those things like the back of your hands?”
His friends’ eyes shone.
Nade, the explorer of the supernatural, and Yiruki, the critic of the supernatural.
“Then you’ve come to the right place. First things first, sit here.”
Nade dusted off the sofa and offered Shirone a seat, Shirone stared at the rising dust in disgust.
Come and read on our website wuxia worldsite. Thanks
‘I finally figured it out. The origin of the dust…’
It was chalk dust. It was evidently a by-product of Yiruki’s obsession with disproving the supernatural.
“Don’t dust it off, I’ll just sit down. Please, don’t do anything in this room… But if you do, I beg of you, please clean up more regularly.”
“Now, now! Don’t fuss about mere fine dust! You are the first client of the research group, hurry up and tell us more about your problem!”
Nade and Yiruki pulled up chairs and crossed their legs, acting like actual experts.
Shirone was speechless, but he was as desperate as a thirsty man searching for water.
“The problem is, I’ve been dreaming about this lately…”
Shirone explained what he saw in his dreams, as well as the strange feeling he’s been getting from time to time.
“I have no clue what it is. Perhaps some kind of ghost entered my body? Or… I don’t know. Have you heard of anyone who’s ever experienced something similar?”
Silence.
Shirone swallowed. Considering who he was talking to, he thought that they would say a joke to break the serious atmosphere.
“Wh-What’s up? You guys are making me anxious. You are pulling a joke again, aren’t you?”
Nade scratched his eyebrow with a stumped expression.
“Mmm… The thing is… After hearing about what you said, it seems like it is quite like that.”
“What are you saying? Tell me in detail.”
“That sensation you said that you felt. The creepy one that sends shivers down your spine.”
“Yeah. It gets especially worse at dawn.”
“It’s not scientifically verified, but what you’re experiencing is a phenomenon called the ‘Mourning Sensation’.”
“Mourning Sensation?”
“200 years ago, a scholar conducted an experiment on a death row inmate. It was called Soul Electrolysis. It’s a hypothesis that if a person’s soul is made of matter, it can be decomposed using electricity. Here’s how. The inmate was put in a sealed, electrically conductive metal box… Then he let the electrical current flow. However, because it was so inhumane, the experiment was put to an end. Thanks to that, the death row inmate survived, but it was said that he was unconscious for a month. The problem starts there. When the inmate finally woke up, they knew everything that went on in the outside world.”
“No way. How is that possible?”
“That’s what was so surprising. The scholar put up a hypothesis about Soul Ionization. When the soul was electrolyzed, an electromagnetic force would be generated, causing the world’s information to be attracted and pulled into the inmate. Of course, the scholar was treated like a lunatic in academia. Besides, there were rumors that the criminal bribed the guards to get outside information just to push back his execution.”
“…I see, so there are experiments like that.”
“Although orthodox scholars don’t like to admit it, it’s still a hot topic in the psychic science community. Besides, even the Séance, which is a formal religious organization, recognizes the trance state. Therefore, I don’t think Soul Ionization is some groundless, absurd theory. Anyways, the sensation the inmate felt, we call it the Mourning Sensation in this field.”
Thinking he might be going through the same thing as the inmate, Shirone felt shivers run down his spine.
“Okay, it’s my turn now.”
Yiruki took over the discussion.
“I have a question. You said you started feeling the Mourning Sensation after the Speed Gun? Your Photon Output was certainly different than usual. If it’s a secret, you don’t have to reveal anything, but I think it’ll be helpful if we hear about it.”
Shirone felt that Yiruki was right. They had to know the cause if they wanted to get anything done.
“What happened was…”
Shirone explained the process of reaching the Infinite Realm in detail.
The enlightenment he discovered during the Sequence method, and the fact that he transcended numbers under the pressure of the match.
Yiruki nodded his head. He had already heard about the concept from his father.
“It’s an Immortal Function.”
“Immortal Function?”
“I heard about it when I was young. It’s the Absolute Function that can solve the world’s mysteries. I think that’s very dangerous. Because everything is phenomenally the same as nothing.”
Shirone realized anew how dangerous his attempt was as Yiruki’s words were somewhat similar to Ethella’s.
“I only theorized and thought about it, but I didn’t think it’d actually work. It’s something I don’t want to experience again.”
Yiruki laughed.
“What stupidity are you talking about? Achieving an Immortal Function is a dream come true for mathematicians. I accept it now. If you can beat me, you should be able to at least achieve an Immortal Function. Kekeke.”
Yiruki, who thought of the Immortal Function as a simple talent, truly showcased why he was labeled an eccentric. However, it was that laid-back attitude that lowered Shirone’s anxiety level.
“Well anyways, Immortal Function you say? Hmm, that clears things up.”
“Really? Did you figure something out?”
Yiruki turned to the wall. It was as if he was writing formulas using his eyes.
“I don’t know much about the Mourning Sensation since I don’t major in psychics, but the nightmares you’re having every day? I can kind of understand what it is and why you even dream of such a thing.”
Shirone clenched his fist.
“Tell me. I’m prepared to hear anything.”
“First of all, dreams distort and exaggerate memories. But your dream is probably projected exactly as your memory. This phenomenon is called psychological regression, and it follows the same principle as someone under hypnosis trying to remember clearly their past. Anyways, supposing your nightmares are of that kind, then…”
“Then?”
“What you saw was probably the universe.”
“Th-The Universe?”
Shirone knew what the universe was. It was the unknown world outside of theirs.
But that was it. No one knew much else.
From time immemorial to the present, dragons were the only species that officially went out into the universe.
680 years ago, Saint Dragon Gramisch flew out of the continent and into the universe in the presence of representatives from each race.
However, he eventually crashed to the ground in 13 hours. His body was in a state of disrepair.
Under the treaty, the representatives of each race split his body into pieces and returned to their respective territories, and the evidence obtained from said pieces later contributed greatly to the development of cosmology.
“The thing in my dream… Is the universe?”

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-500.txt
=============YYYYY=============
[500] Despair. despair (3)
Quan tightened the muscles with the schema to stop the bleeding. And he calmly pointed his sword as if he had never done that.
“Oh, you have such a skill.”
An incontinent smile crept across the unknown’s lips.
The insight of penetrating and applying the human body schema just by looking at it remained in the realm of incomprehensibility from the human point of view.
“But I don’t need it.”
At the same time as Nameless Charged, 24 external gravitational forces erupted from Quan’s body.
Each external gravitational force made Quan’s body oscillate, repeating expansion and contraction like a ball connected to a rubber band.
It was an extremely bizarre movement, but to Mu-myeong, it was just a fixed path like a single road.
As if to prove that fact, Mu Myung put pressure on him by showing a superior movement than Kuan.
A trajectory that transcends all predictions and predictions that humans can make, and even the realm of imagination and delusion.
“Keugh!”
Another fatal blow landed Kuan on the floor with a distorted face.
After confirming that Moo-myeong pushed through the twin swords, he raised the sword, but was pushed to the wall by the force of the charge.
Kaka Kaka Cak!
The blade was firmly fixed while rubbing a short distance, and the gazes of the two swordsmen collided between the blades.
“Aha, now I understand.”
Now, obscurity’s attention was focused on Quan, not swordsmanship.
It is understandable that Armin created a barrier with stop magic.
This is because the moment the barrier disappears, he casts flicker magic and is confident that he can kill two people in an instant.
However, I wondered why Quan, who realized the difference in skill, gave up on his life and rushed into it.
In the end, the answer he gave was a very inefficient and unreasonable human mind.
“Am I dying to save them?”
Kuan made eye contact with Shiina briefly.
It was a momentary sincerity that even the prosecutor’s superhuman nerves couldn’t suppress.
And Moo-myeong did not miss the woman’s face reflected in Quan’s eyes.
According to memory, it is love.
Even calling him father is detestable, but the desire to reproduce the race is at the highest level among Garras’ animal nature.
‘No, if that’s the case, it doesn’t make much sense.’
Garas does whatever it takes to satisfy his desires, even transforming his body.
However, Kuan’s behavior tended to go against the basic nature of such animals.
“They intend to use you as bait to escape. Besides, she doesn’t love you. Rather, she wants to have a child with the man next to her. But why are you behaving like this?”
Although the desire for breeding has been converted into a desire for achievement, it is basically a being endowed with the genetic material of Galas.
If you saw and felt it with the eyes of an unknown person, it was an unquestionable fact.
“Whoa, whoa, whoa.”
Quan drew in a deep breath.
Even if he didn’t bother to borrow Garas’ advice, he knew at least that Shiina had a crush on Armin.
But why are you doing this?
If the only thing you get in return for saving Shiina and Armin is death, what are you fighting for?
‘It would be nice, wizards.’
Wizards always make the best choices.
Therefore, Shiina’s judgment with Armin should have been correct this time as well.
Just like the time when he talked about death without hesitation to himself who rushed to the restaurant as soon as he received an emergency payment.
I wanted to be by Shiina’s side.
I wanted to stay as the only man, not as a prosecutor.
And at this moment, Quan gave up all hope.
“What do I know, idiot.”
Quan let out the breath he had been holding up until now and swung his sword.
Anonymous, who took a few steps back, frowned as if looking at an insignificant existence.
“You fool. To choose death without even knowing the justification for one’s own actions. Is it human?”
As I aimed my twin swords at the rushing Quan and opened my eyes, I thought my nameless arms were released like smoke, and then a high-speed slash wrapped around the front.
Woo woo woo woo!
A speed that can be called a sword curtain.
Dozens of blades rushed into Quan’s eyes as the air made a burning sound.
‘I found it, my grave.’
Even in the situation of absolute death approaching, Quan strangely felt a surge in his heart.
The grave he chose was in Shiina’s heart.
If he could die for her in front of Shiina, that would be it.
‘I know. Not childish.’
Kuan’s body rapidly changed its trajectory and bypassed the sword screen.
‘Actually, I’m angry… … .’
I couldn’t stand it because I was jealous that Armin was hugging Shiina, but I couldn’t even say a word.
Quan whirled around Nameless even faster.
In response, the nameless sword bent like a snake and chased after him, leaving dozens of wounds on Quan’s body.
Even if it wasn’t a fatal wound, it was a lethal amount of blood.
“Let go! Let go of this!”
Shiina was calling out to Kuan, but the sound did not cross the barrier of time.
“Shina! calm down! It is not yet time!”
Armin’s heart was miserable as well.
There is a slight possibility of overcoming this difficulty if the flicker magic closes the gap and puts a stop to the nameless.
However, if Nameless avoided the magic in the same way, there was only a 100% chance that Shiina would die.
“wait! Be patient a little longer!”
“Mr Quan! Mr. Kuan!”
In the scenery where the world rotates at high speed, Kuan gazed at Shiina’s face for a moment.
‘Yes, this is me.’
A clown who dances with swords in front of her, hoping that she will understand his feelings.
“Ku-k-k-k-k! Whoop whoop whoop!”
Quan laughed with his lungs moving, but his distorted face looked like he was crying.
“Yes, I will give you the title of sword genius.”
Kuan, who had been avoiding repeatedly, finally infiltrated the inside of the sword screen.
“I am a black demon.”
Woo woo woo woo!
As external gravity stretched out in all directions, Quan’s body spun like a top.
“huh?”
Since the two swordsmen were already performing movements beyond human imagination, those watching did not even detect a change.
However, Nameless, who deeply understands the true meaning of external gravity, felt a sense of dread for the first time during the battle.
‘What is this?’
Kuan’s movements were ambiguous.
If the trajectory so far has been a single road, it suddenly feels like it has split into two paths where you have to make a decision.
‘No, even if I do, it won’t change anything. Does not matter.’
If there are only two branches, you can subdue them all.
Moo-myeong, who passed by Kuan and cut three places in an instant, was shocked without a smile of repentance.
‘Did you get cut?’
The moment he turned his head with an expression of disbelief, the skin on his right shoulder cracked and blood splattered.
For the first time in my life, the wound I experienced was a terribly unpleasant and repulsive sensation.
However, his psychological state was so confused that he couldn’t even pay attention to the pain.
‘When the hell?’
It was a two way road.
No, it is stupid to deny the results that have already come out.
So what can you think of… … .
‘Another road I couldn’t see?’
Is it possible?
With that thought in mind, Quan turned around with an evil face like a demon in the nameless eyes.
“Cheuk, it was shallow. But this time it will be a little deeper.”
Swords collided with each other again.
In a brief moment that seemed like one, dozens of joints crossed, and the flesh of the unknown left thigh fell off again.
invisible
Quan’s sword was moving unexpectedly.
“That could happen… … !”
The anger when suppressed was as intense as the desire for great achievement.
As his pride was trampled on, the explosive emotions in Garras’ nature reached an all-time high.
“No, no!”
As dozens of external gravitational forces pulled the cotton together, his movement line began to bend like crazy.
Seeing the complicated trajectory as if a handful of yarn had been tangled up, Quan muttered without blinking an eye.
“… … It’s annoying.”
visor!
The clashes of the swords reached dozens of times, but because they were so fast, they exploded into the world as a cacophony.
A line of blood was engraved on Quan’s back as he staggered to a halt, and blood gushed out.
“ha! ha!”
A red line was drawn on the nape of the nameless neck, which stopped moving with a rapid breath, and the skin was cut.
“this… … !”
I missed Quan’s sword again.
However, it turned the confidence of ignorance into doubt again.
There was no way that his own imagination, far above human insight, could not overwhelm Kuan.
“It’s strangely annoying… … .”
At some point, Quan is muttering the same thing.
It felt like my head was open again, just like when I gained enlightenment at the cost of giving up my life and attacking Fengzhang.
“Aha, that’s right. I get it now.”
Quan staggered back like a drunk.
In fact, his pupils, which had been immersed in deep thoughts and then escaped, were opened in a hazy way, as if he was half out of his mind.
“That was all it took.”
Perseok!
The sound of flesh and bone breaking at the same time was heard.
Even Shiina, who was shouting Kuan’s name in succession, and Armin, who sensed an opportunity and decided to run away, went pale in their heads.
Moo-myeong made a dull sound and blinked at Kuan’s right arm, which had fallen to the floor.
It is cut exactly below the shoulder.
He cut off his own arm.
‘why?’
It may vaguely make sense, but the first thing that comes to mind is that this kind of behavior is never an achievement.
‘I limited myself to the possibility of development. Are you crazy?’
“Now, how about this?”
At the sound of Kuan’s voice, Mu Myung raised his head again.
The appearance of holding out a sword with the only remaining arm was clearly weaker than before, but the situation changed rapidly after a while.
Based on where Kuan was standing, I began to have the illusion that the landscape had tilted to one side, as if the ground had collapsed.
Asymmetric clown clown clown.
“you… … .”
For the first time, fear flashed in the unknown eyes.
It was an achievement towards death that only humans with biases can reach.
* * *
“why? Why?”
Flew hugged Crude before he fell and carefully laid him on the ground.
It was embarrassing to even say that the bones in his body were already broken and bent.
Crude’s hazy gaze could not settle down and wandered around the sky.
Piper’s frame prevented her from being crushed, but the pain would have been worse.
“Why did you come to see me? why? If you’re going to die like this, why did you come to me!”
Fleur shouted at the dying Crude.
Even though I knew it was a cruel act, I couldn’t bear the anger exploding in my heart.
“you… … I hate it so much… … .”
Crude said in a dying voice.
“I have no family.”
Flew’s face contorted into tears when he realized everything with a short word.
“At least there must be a reason to die… … .”
“stop! I don’t want to hear that! What are you saying to me! What should I do if I end up like this and say such things!”
Crude gave a faint smile.
Giving everything to the woman you loved.
After giving up even the most precious life, it will stay in her heart forever.
Perhaps that is the greatest revenge.
“Flu… … . love… … under… … .”
Crude’s tongue hardened and her eyes closed.
Fleur hugged the corpse of Crude, who dropped her head, with her trembling arms.
The more she tried to hold it in, the bigger the emotion, and eventually she couldn’t stand it and sobbed.
“AA AA AA!”
Hate it because you loved it, and hope that at least that hatred will be known, and eventually die.
It is the human mind without substance, and therefore without end.
The mind was sitting like a heavy rock on Flew’s chest, catching his breath.
—————————————

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-501.txt
=============YYYYY=============
[501] Despair. despair (4)
Yin-Yang Wave Fist Cheonbungak.
Etela’s roundabout kick struck Satan in the stomach.
Hundreds of waves that had entered in advance caused interference, and a terrifying shock wave swirled inside.
“Aagh!”
The feeling that the muscles of the whole body oscillate like waves.
After flying to the end of the fire, Satan slumped with his back against the wall.
‘It can’t end like this.’
Etela put her left hand behind her back and assumed a neutral combat stance.
second confrontation.
She had tasted death by Frank Wein just a few hours ago.
‘The reason why it doesn’t move… … .’
Because there is an intention.
As she expected, Satan’s gaze went beyond Ethella and included Metiel and Satiel.
‘Hmm, a follower of Zen. This is a bit dangerous.’
If so, you have two options.
To annihilate the archangel and rapidly tip the seesaw of the law, or to remove Etela with all one’s might.
Feeling Satan’s gaze, Methiel said.
“Escape, Satiel.”
Satiel’s expression crumpled.
“what? escape? Are we the archangels running away?”
“No, you are going alone. Even one person must escape and gather more angels. Otherwise, you cannot win.”
Of course, Satan is the natural enemy of angels who have deviated from the law, but Satiel could not easily admit it.
It is because you can think that Satan’s power is not very strong now if it is enough to fly away from human attacks.
“Just end it here. Even without using the ability, if we both attack, we can destroy it.”
“you’re welcome. Satan is still strong enough. And it keeps getting stronger. The ordinary angels are suffering from Garas.”
“But that human attack worked. If so, our attack will work well enough.”
“It is not a matter of power. That human law denies Satan’s law, so it only won in the match.”
Satiel glared at Etella’s back.
“You deny Satan’s law? How is that possible? Aren’t humans, like angels, bound by the laws of the Akashic Records?”
“okay. Perhaps that is why Anchera fears humans.”
Methiel finally realized the true meaning of this war, but it was already too late to explain anything.
“What are you talking about? Ra is afraid of humans?”
“Satiel, do as I say.”
At the same time as Methiel fluttered his wings of light and flew away, Satan spurred out the wall.
The target he was aiming at was Ethella.
‘As expected, this is the most annoying.’
Man’s good will destroys the satanic will.
Even Satan did not know how a being included in the Akashic Records could do that.
‘But he’s weak.’
That’s the creature’s limit.
On the other hand, Satan became more than twice as strong as when he was beaten by Etela just by taking time off.
‘I can end it now.’
Satan rushed at Etela with terrifying acceleration and raised a huge pitchfork.
At the same time, Methiel flew from the side and slapped Satan’s ribs with his slender arms.
“Keugh!”
It was Methiel who attacked rather than frowned.
As expected, Satan was hardened to the extent that he would not budge even with moderate force unless the force of the law was applied.
“Geuk, are you saying you’re only going to lose half of it?”
The strategy of sacrificing one archangel to save one archangel.
Even so, it was not a losing trade for Satan.
Satan, who twisted his upper body and changed his target, pierced Methiel’s chest with great power.
“Metieriel!”
Seeing a red forearm protruding from the angel’s back, Satiel let out a furious roar.
Her wings spread wide and her upper body leaned forward.
Opposite tendencies born at the same time.
Even though they had been rivals all their lives, at least this moment felt like the other half of themselves was falling away.
“I will kill you!”
Just as he was about to strike the air with his golden wings, Satan’s cold pupils aimed at Satiel.
extinction.
Sensing a chilling fear, Satiel involuntarily changed his mind and took flight with all his might.
‘It’s too late.’
The time Methiel bought while dying was only 1 second.
But that one second was the only time Satiel was able to escape.
The moment Etella’s fist struck Satan’s face as he condensed the muscles of his entire body to conserve strength like a spring.
Quaang!
At the same time as the impact, Satan flew to the side and hit the hallway, and Satiel broke the ceiling with his head and fled out of Satan’s gaze.
Satan licked his lips in regret and glared at Etella, moving his pupils as thin as those of a reptile.
Even though he had become so strong, his incarnation was shaken with a single blow.
To say that it was a blow with soul was not an exaggeration at this moment.
After confirming that Satiel had run away, Ethella widened her distance and took a combat stance.
“Cunning creature, don’t use clumsy tricks. After all, I am the only one left.”
“Ha ha ha ha ha ha!”
After bursting into a delightful laugh, Satan straightened his body and spread his arms wide as if he had never done that.
“Admit it, you are on the side of good. but… … .”
Satan’s eyes turned to Methiel, who fell with his heart pierced.
As her body turned into light, it became fine particles and disappeared.
With this, two archangels were annihilated.
Two-eighths of the Akashic Records were gone.
Cuckoo Cuckoo Cuckoo!
As Satan grew visibly and quickly, Etella stepped back with a serious expression.
“In the end, it is evil that wins.”
A 10-meter-tall red devil was looking down at Etella, baring his fangs.
* * *
“Aaaaaaa!”
Gaold’s screams burst through the air.
The power of 100 million times the pain was powerful enough to crush the fallen angels and maras surrounding it like porridge, but it was possible only when the concentration to use magic was maintained.
In excruciating pain, Gaold was being sucked back into Hell.
Just like that time 10 years ago, which can never be forgotten in Gangnan’s life.
“Kuaaa! Wow!”
Gaold, whose eyes were already completely dried up, just wandered around with his hands floundering.
It was only a matter of time before they realized that the air press had disappeared, although no one had approached it yet, fed up with the initial power.
“iced coffee! Aagh!”
Gangnan pulled <Jachung> with all his might, but his body couldn’t move forward.
I couldn’t let Gaold go like this.
However, her aspirations were only crushed into delusion by the harsh barriers of reality.
Even in the scene of the tearful struggle, Kariel was just calm.
In the end, the labyrinth did not come.
As long as she was alive, humans were not defeated.
‘An abominable labyrinth.’
Looking down, I quickly looked around the heavens, but I couldn’t even feel her presence.
‘Where are you? Where are you?’
At that moment, a shocking scene caught Kariel’s eyes.
“Ichael… … .”
Kariel trembled all over, not even knowing that Uriel was looking back.
Ichael was dying.
No, maybe that’s an exhilarating thing.
What made him feel ashamed was the fact that he was dying at the hands of Faiel in order to protect Sirone, who was second only to Miro.
‘human! human! A dirty archangel who slept with a human! How far are you going to fall with that filthy body!’
In the image of Ikael protecting Sirone at the risk of extinction, Kariel realized the source of her anger that she had forgotten about.
‘Why is she… … .’
Are you not looking at yourself?
An intense flash of light shot through the sky and curved into Arabot with a roar.
* * *
‘Ichael! Ikael!’
Shirone shed hot tears through her eyes with blood vessels bursting.
He hated himself for not being able to do anything while looking at Ikael, who was gradually weakening from Faiel’s energy.
Because Valhalla Action borrows the principles of the Akashic Records, even those who use magic circles do not know how far the boundary of actions necessary for reversal of cause and effect is.
I just feel helpless and resent everything in the world.
As if understanding Sirone’s feelings, Ikael did not lose his smile, but his face had long since lost its brilliance.
Every time Faiel broke the barrier of amplification and pushed the energy of extinction, Sirone’s heart became devastated like a battlefield.
‘hurry! Please hurry up!’
There is only one minute left until the price of Valhalla’s action is over.
It felt like every second went by so slowly.
Anything will do.
As long as I could move, if I could only return to a state where I could do something, I would have been willing to fall into hell.
“Sirone, when the Valhalla action is released… … .”
Ikael said with a benevolent eye smile.
“Leave Heaven. You must never come here again.”
‘I hate it, Ikael!’
There are so many words I haven’t heard yet.
10 seconds left.
Will Ikael be alive until then?
As fear surged to the point of losing consciousness, something began to condense in Sirone’s heart.
‘I will not forgive you!’
Imagining the existence of Faiel behind Ikael’s back, Sirone waited for ten hellish seconds.
9 seconds. 8 seconds.
‘If only I could move… … .’
4 seconds. 3 seconds.
‘At any cost… … .’
2 seconds. 1 sec.
He doesn’t forgive as much as Faiel.
Reset Valhalla action.
Sirone’s mouth opened.
“Ica… … !”
“Ikaeehell!”
At the same time, a woman’s voice that seemed to be torn apart covered Sirone’s voice.
bang!
Satiel, who flew here to escape Satan from Jebul, kicked Ikael and landed.
“because of you… … ! It’s all because of you!”
She brutally trampled on Ikael.
To think that Methiel, whom he had known for the longest time, was wasting his strength to protect a mere human while he was meaninglessly annihilated at the hands of Satan.
‘Why did he… … .’
Did he ever love such an unfaithful angel?
Even though all the angels hated him, he turned away from himself who was the only one who took his side.
“It’s because of you! all of it!”
Ikael, who had already lost his strength, could not even take a defensive stance even as he was beaten.
Sparks flew in Sirone’s eyes as he watched.
Valhalla action.
As the black and white magic circle rotated above Sirone’s head, Fael stepped in to stop it.
The combination of Valhalla Action and Ataraxia is an unknown territory impossible for angels.
Even if it was a human being, I couldn’t just leave it alone.
“This is the end, Nephilim.”
Just before Faiel’s black hand pierced Sirone’s throat, the flash of teleportation struck Fael.
“Keugh!”
Fleur’s face contorted in pain hugged Fael and fell to the floor.
It’s a shame because Jonah’s excellent sense of distance caught the point where the teleportation was canceled, and even if he had moved forward a little more, his body would have been smashed.
“Sirone! Shoot them down!”
Fleur hugged Faiel and shouted.
Then, as the Valhalla action was activated, I heard the sound of Ataraxia unfolding in front of Sirone’s eyes, and I closed my eyes tightly.
No matter what kind of magic was cast, this was the end of his life.
I heard Sirone’s low voice.
“Everyone… … hi.”
Contrary to expectations, no magic was activated.
Also, being able to spit out words in the Valhalla action state means that it has already entered into calculations.
The moment Fleur, who felt puzzled, looked back, Sirone’s body began to move toward Ataraxia.
Ikael, who was being attacked by Satiel, shouted with a frightened expression.
“No, Sirone! that… … !”
Even before the cry was over, Sirone’s body crossed the boundary of Ataraxia.
Flash!
At the same time, the world shone for an instant, amplifying enough mental power to completely fill Arabot.
Ataraxia – Hexagonal.
—————————————

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-502.txt
=============YYYYY=============
[502] Wholeheartedly (1)
“If life deceives you, do not be sad or angry.”
Looking back at Gando, Wu Lin smiled bitterly.
“Because that’s how you live.”
“… … .”
Gando was still speechless.
Well, if true, Uorin, the Mitochondrial Eve, is a very unfortunate woman indeed.
But now, the important thing for Gando was the reason why he was suddenly summoned to the Empress’s office and brought up a sudden story.
“Even if you ask me to… … .”
Uorin burst out laughing at the honest words that had no room for calculation.
Former Magic Association Guard Captain, Gando of Thunder.
But in reality, he was Ganja, the biological son of Kashan’s former empress Mistra, who was given the role of monitoring Gaold’s movements.
Mystra also didn’t raise Gando, so Uorin doesn’t have motherhood.
Then, what about Gando?
Does he really consider himself a mother?
“I have something to tell you.”
“I will do anything.”
Gando immediately prostrated himself and lowered his head.
Even though he is only a certified 4th-class wizard, he is still attached to his neck after completing the duties he was given at birth because he decided to become Uorin’s dog.
Woo-rin pretended to have a benevolent look like a mother, but after realizing that it didn’t suit her constitution, she spoke directly.
“Stand up. There will still be a little time left before everything is over. Before that, please be my friend for a while.”
He didn’t know what it meant to say that everything was over, but Gando decided not to ask.
If you approach Mitochondrial Eve with clumsy curiosity, even 10 lives are not enough.
“All right. I will listen.”
“Whoops, it’s boring.”
Uorin opened the bottle of strong alcohol on the table.
It was a hot drink that smelled hot even before it was poured into the glass.
Filling a crystal glass with ice, she poured out the drink and offered it to Gando.
And whether Gando hesitated or not, he filled his own glass with alcohol and gulped down about a third of it.
“Haaaaa.”
Wriggling her bright red tongue, Uorin blew steam toward the ceiling.
The empress of Kashan, who was completely different from usual, looked sad for some reason today.
“It’s Gando.”
“yes.”
mother.
Gando swallowed the last words.
“The human mind is truly a strange thing. Even if it’s insignificant, that insignificant thing grows and grows and eventually swallows everything.”
Gando just wanted to listen.
“For many years, I raised Theraze into the strongest empire. There were many difficulties along the way.”
Uorin went back to Theraze’s memories.
“There was only one incident among them, when Kashan almost fell over.”
Did that happen?
Gando, the son of Mystra, studied the history of Kashan, but he hadn’t heard of it.
“Even now, countless groups are looking for an opportunity to eat Kashan. There must be many ways to destroy it by force, cause trouble, or apply economic pressure. What would you choose?”
Gando shook his head without thinking.
“I will not make any choice.”
Kashan is the strongest empire in charge of one axis of the Three Kingdoms.
History has shown that a nameless group cannot capture it.
“okay. Kashan is strong. But it is by no means impossible. Actually, it’s so easy and simple. Taking over this huge empire.”
“that is… … How?”
Gando insisted on listening, but this time he had to ask.
“mind.”
Woorin raised one corner of his mouth as if he knew that this was an empty answer.
“Therazze, as the empress of Kashan, should just give it away.”
Gando did not respond.
It didn’t feel like the many ways to take Kashan would be easier than the answers Uorin suggested.
‘And it happened… … Did it actually happen?’
Wu Lin recalled that time.
Although I hadn’t personally experienced it, the poisoned memories reappeared in my new body and made my heart ache.
“The only thing you can do is toss it. something that can’t even be recovered. Something that can be bigger than Kashan, bigger than anything in this world.”
As Theraje’s history deepened, the incidents at the time were buried in a vast database, but I wanted to bring them out today.
According to the intuition of those who have future poetry, today is probably the last day.
Wu Lin smiled sadly.
It was the smile of a complete woman that she had never shown before.
“That is the human heart, Gando.”
* * *
The pupils of Sirone, who spread her waist like a bow, were fixed towards the sky.
In exchange for Ataraxia’s instant activation, the time to fall into incapacity is only 15 seconds.
It was a scene that showed how concentrated Sirone’s mind was in a situation where he couldn’t even speak.
Ikael’s eyes were shaking violently as he looked at Sirone.
‘Why did you do that… … !’
Ataraxia is an amplification trigger.
Therefore, it was possible to amplify Sirone’s spirit, but dealing with it was a problem.
Amplifying everything means transcending limits.
As far as Ikael knew, it was the most extreme form of amplification possible.
explosion.
Explodes the mind to generate powerful power.
It is a phenomenon that can only be achieved by throwing one’s whole heart into it, and the result is powerful enough to transcend imagination.
However, since an explosion is literally an instantaneous action, after everything exploded, there would be nothing left but shattered debris.
‘Great!’
Sirone waited for the time to move within her vastly expanding mind.
For the first time in my life, or maybe even if I devoted my whole life, a huge sense was stretching out that seemed impossible to reach.
“Sirone… … .”
Even Fleur, the Jonah, couldn’t gauge Sirone’s Spirit Zone.
And it was almost 100 percent certain that Sirone would be in bad shape.
“Sirone!”
Flew teleported and flew to Sirone.
But faster than that, the archangel of extinction, Faiel, arrived in front of Sirone.
oh oh oh oh oh!
The features made of light contained in the hood were swirling like bubbles in a cappuccino and being sucked into the center.
Sirone’s Spirit Zone was so far beyond normal that even the Archangel felt a sense of crisis.
The judicial halo – Apatheia.
As the magic circle rotated, it became dark and began to absorb Sirone’s spirit zone.
Even more impatient, Flew kicked off the ground and flew up, raising the phoenix at the Archangel, who could only conceive of death.
‘I have to do it!’
Just as Crud threw her heart into it, and Sirone threw her heart into Ataraxia, she also threw everything as a mage.
‘Just one second. No, if I could earn even 0.1 second.’
The moment the resolution was installed in his brain, Faiel turned his head.
She was in a position to activate the phoenix, but the moment she saw Faiel’s face, she froze.
The end of the abyss was there.
“Quaaaaaaagh!”
A scream erupted involuntarily, and the process of Faiel’s hand being swung slowly caught my eye.
Also, she felt her own reaction rate was about 100 times slower than that.
Just when he was sure of death, Faiel suddenly turned towards Sirone.
‘This… … .
Sirone’s Spirit Zone, which had been sucked into Apateia, suddenly disappeared.
At the same time, a flash of light fell from the sky and hit the spot where Faiel was standing.
Aaaaaaaaagh!
The shock wave alone sent Fleur’s body flying dozens of meters.
On the other hand, Faiel, who had evaded by a short haircut, tilted his head as if he couldn’t understand and looked at Sirone.
“Huhhhh!”
Sirone’s mind was still expanding, and he didn’t even know when the explosion would end.
But none of that mattered anymore.
‘I will not forgive you.’
That was the only thing I threw my whole heart into Ataraxia.
“Huhhhhh!”
Faiel, enraged at the fact that he only backed down against humans, let out a cry of extinction.
Then, as if it were disappearing, it flew at high speed and swung its black hand at Sirone.
Sirone’s eyes widened as he realized Jikji.
‘Wide.’
Flash!
As the blinding light spread, all matter within a radius of 100 meters was pushed away as if iron powder reacted to a magnet.
1,000 heartbeats per second.
In front of the curtain of light that beats 1,000 times a second, even Faiel could not be an exception.
and… … There were 200 of them.
Elysion – Multiple Bezels.
“Kuaaaaa!”
Trapped in an overlapping screen of light, his body bounced around in a radius of several kilometers for a second.
‘Something like a human… … !’
Faiel spread his limbs wide and maximized his ability to disappear.
“Oohhh!”
His body, which had turned to darkness, melted the berserk and finally fixed itself in place.
Then chains of light wrapped around his body.
Shining Chain.
“Aww!”
Faiel’s body shuddered as he was bound by the Shining Chain.
I tried to cut it off with all my might, but the more I tried, the tighter the light was getting stronger.
Kwa-kwa-kwa-kwa-kwa-kwa-kwak!
Faiel, who was chained, was slammed to the ground at a speed that could not be counted even with thought.
Then the chain broke and threw his body through the air.
Sirone looked up at Faiel, who was already dotted, and bent her lower body.
broad interest.
At the same time as the wings of light spread wide, the wings disappeared instantly.
Woooooooooooooooooooooooooh!
Sirone’s body, which struck her wings at tremendous speed, caught up with Fael in an instant and rushed forward.
Armand’s entire robe turned into Ringer’s mineral substance and wrapped around Sirone’s body just by the impact caused by the friction of the air.
Sirone, who tore through the air like a giant metal bullet and flew away, floated above Faiel and fired a photon cannon.
pop!
An orb of light that was terribly frightening to a Fleur watching from the ground.
It was a photon cannon with a diameter of 20 meters.
Whoops!
Swept away by the flash of the Photon Cannon, Faiel plummeted vertically, penetrating the ground and going deep underground.
pop! pop! pop! pop!
Still in the sky, Sirone created dozens of huge photon cannons the same size as before.
Even at a distance, it seemed as if dozens of suns could be seen in Flew’s eyes.
Kurrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr
The photon cannons crashed in bundles, and the ground shook as the immense mass landed on the ground.
“Nonsense… … .”
Flew couldn’t believe it when he saw it with his own eyes.
Each shot exerted the power of the Photon Cannon that normally penetrated Ataraxia.
It was a natural result since it amplified the spirit itself, not a single magic, but the more Ikael’s fears grew.
“Stop it, Sirone!”
You can’t keep this state forever.
Even an archangel has no way to recover once his mind explodes.
As Ikael flew towards Sirone with all his might, Satiel, who had been distracted by the battle for a moment, followed after her with her eyes wide open again.
“Where are you going to run away!”
Meanwhile, a cloud of dust with a radius of 1 kilometer was rising from the place where Faiel was impaled.
The smoke, which had been spreading slowly but on a huge scale, suddenly began to be sucked toward the center at some point.
oh oh oh oh!
Trapped deep underground, Faiel annihilated everything around him with Apateia and flew up a pit hundreds of meters deep.
Sirone had already arrived and was waiting.
“Something like the Nephilim… … !”
As soon as Faiel saw the hateful face, he threw himself away.
However, in the end, he could not move forward even 1 meter and fell to his knees with a thump, his whole body losing strength.
“Keugh!”
something that should never happen.
What kind of human being would make an archangel who exerted his whole heart fall to his knees?
‘no… … .’
Faiel recalled a certain memory and raised his head.
there was.
The most powerful person in the history of heaven, a human who competed with countless archangels.
The Gaian’s name is… … .
“Maclein Guffin.”
—————————————

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-503.txt
=============YYYYY=============
[503] Wholeheartedly (2)
“Humans… … .”
Wu Lin said.
“You can throw your heart into anything.”
It was the conclusion she came to after experiencing many lives.
“But I can’t take it. We are only beings tossing at something.”
That is why greed and aspirations are never satisfied, and this world is full of chaos.
“It’s self-centered, so I might as well die.”
When we actively seek death, we become something more than human.
“I throw everything, even at lifeless things.”
“In a sense, it is selfish.”
Uorin laughed at Gando’s words.
“okay. Humans are selfish animals. But Gando, that is the fear of humans. Being so selfish that you can act altruistically. We are such contradictions.”
Uorin doesn’t know what’s going on in Heaven, but the reason she can know without seeing is because she understands the nature of humans.
Gaold’s party will destroy the future.
With an extremely selfish heart, with a terribly altruistic act, he was throwing his heart at something.
“This is… … .”
Kuan moved.
“It is my grave.”
As soon as he kicked off the ground with his right foot and jumped out, it felt like the scenery of the world was turned upside down.
However, it was Kuan’s body that was actually turned upside down, and in the upside down state, his body began to shake in an unstable trajectory.
‘I can’t predict the sword path.’
Even with his insight beyond the limits of the creature, he couldn’t even judge how Quan’s attack would strike.
“Huh!”
In a matter of seconds, Quan’s sword passed by the nape of his neck.
And only then did Moo-myeong realize, albeit vaguely, why his judgment was paralyzed.
The reason why you can’t predict the sword path is because it doesn’t exist from the beginning.
Amidst all kinds of uncertain variables, a decisive line of movement is being built.
It was completely contrary to the human mindset of setting and acting on purpose, so even if you know it, you can’t stop it.
‘Should I cut off my arm too?’
I thought so for a moment, but then I shook my head.
The reason why parts of the body were cut out was that the balance that had been maintained until now was no longer needed.
He didn’t realize it because he cut off his arm, but because he already realized it, he didn’t need the arm.
‘It’s terrifying, what a sword.’
The first skill I learned after being born into this world.
Maybe it wouldn’t have mattered if it was commonplace, but now I know.
The fact that what you are holding contains the mystery of infinity.
‘I want to conquer!’
An intense desire that could not be replaced by anything struck the brain of an unknown person.
The small realizations of swordsmanship, which can be obtained at the end of a very boring and simple act over many years, were embodied in his body every second, raising his skills to the limit like the speed of light.
“Huhhhhhhh!”
The nameless pupils tightened and the tongue protruded from the gaping mouth.
The image of him floundering with his twin swords forward is like a madman.
Shiina and Armin looked at the child crying and screaming, and they got goosebumps.
The extreme of swordsmanship, which was concluded by a genius with a unique tendency that could never be born from a human, was neither as beautiful nor as brilliant as humans had thought.
However, in terms of the efficiency of killing people contained in the technology, it was so perfect that no prosecutor could present a different opinion.
As if dozens of knives were coming from behind, Nameless rushed forward carrying the possibilities of numerous swords.
“no!”
As Shiina jumped up and tried to jump out of the barrier, Armin grabbed her by the waist and pulled her.
It was not at the level that the technology could be taken away by unknown people.
It was clear that the sword-crazy genius wouldn’t even be interested in magic.
That’s why, in front of the extreme murder that was able to be reached, even if it was Armin, his head was cut off the moment he showed up.
“Shina! This is not our place!”
The reaction speed of the unknown who perfectly chose the path of the swordsman had reached a level that even the most outstanding wizard could not catch up with.
Shiina burst into tears.
The ignorant, obscure swordsmanship was almost absolutely saying Quan’s death.
‘because of me… … because of me… … .’
Suddenly, for the first time, I felt that way.
Because it is a mission that anyone can die, Quan’s death only converges with everyone’s death.
So I could speak confidently.
But at this moment, Shiina felt guilty.
It also meant that Kuan’s death no longer converged with everyone else’s death.
‘Don’t die! If you die… … !’
After pushing Armin away, Shiina took a step outside the stop barrier.
“Do not come!”
At that time, Quan’s cry hardened her feet.
She realized it late, but at the same time, an unknown sword passed in front of her eyes.
It was an unknown person who had not been able to cut Shiina, but there were no more words of ridicule.
His gaze was only focused on the unknown human named Quan.
“… … please.”
Kuan, who belatedly added honorifics, was covered in blood from numerous wounds.
He was panting as fast as his heart, but his eyes were still alive.
After confirming that Armin took Shiina back, he headed for unknown with a terrifying intent to kill again.
‘shit. Really strong, you bastard.’
If this creature goes over to the human world, how much will Fengzhang sacrifice to stop it?
Even at the edge of death, it was the prosecutor’s curiosity that was inevitably aroused.
Also, the question that followed was this.
‘If I were now, would I be able to cut a windmill?’
For the first time, thoughts that had been deliberately ignored due to the trauma were installed in my head.
I’m still not sure I’ll win, but I don’t think I’ll lose like I used to.
At that moment, Kuan felt hot and felt fortunate to be born into the world for the first time.
‘It ends here.’
The schema suppressed the bleeding as much as possible, but it could not completely stop the blood from the amputated arm.
Whatever the outcome, this is the end.
‘I have no regrets.’
Quan lowered his sword and approached Nameless.
limp. limp.
The corner of an unknown mouth trembled as he watched Kuan crippled.
With every step he took, the scenery shook and shook, and finally Kuan’s figure began to flicker.
It is out of cognition.
‘I can’t do this even for the rest of my life.’
Differentiation of individuality, not a matter of state.
The moment I realized that you and my sword were different, Moo-myeong started to like the sword for the first time.
‘Then this is my sword.’
At the same time as Nameless charged, Quan’s body rotated.
“Huhhhhhhh!”
If the precise murderous intention contained in the madness is the nameless sword, then Quan’s sword was splendid and beautiful.
‘okay.’
In the midst of the jumbled scenery, Kuan accurately pulled out Shiina’s face.
‘I am clown clown.’
A clown who could neither approach nor distance, just dance in front of her.
“Huhhhhhhh!”
The blade of an unknown blade grew sharper, as if it split space into infinity, and Quan hurled himself toward the infinite death.
‘I won.’
Even if she dies, Armin will be by Shiina’s side.
‘That I won.’
beat Armin.
I saved Shiina.
At the end of a miserable life, the only thing left is that little consolation that no one knows.
Quan’s eyes were reddened, but his wife grabbed the sword with a grotesque smile.
What does it matter?
‘I am a black demon!’
Quan’s body started shaking like crazy as it spun at the highest speed ever.
“Aaaaaaaaa!”
A single flash of light cut through the gap with the nameless sword that had been dominating the whole.
* * *
“Ergaaaaa!”
Zulu’s throat was torn and he let out a scream.
Red blood was flowing down the eyes that were wide open, and the expression on which the soul escaped was grotesque enough to feel the cold.
oh oh oh oh!
The more so, the power of the lich became stronger.
Kali’s four great arms alternately activated their abilities, but Lich was willing to accept any death.
An orb of electricity rose from the top of the lich’s head and spread power in all directions.
Even after the blue electricity disappeared, an afterimage of white light was engraved on the retina, and Shion’s equipment was destroyed in the glittering scenery.
Zulu burst into tears as if his mind had reverted to a three-year-old.
lonely.
the most lonely in the universe
The heart that could not be thrown to anyone became a hungry ghost and ate the inner flesh and dug deeper and deeper, bringing Zulu’s loneliness down to the abyss.
oh oh oh oh!
“Unbelievable… … .”
Carly’s skin trembled.
Lich was showing to the extreme how far the human mind could fall into abyss.
Zulu’s mind grew thicker and darker, and the lich’s lightning bolts spread inexorably.
Hundreds of electricity scraping along the walls of Zion finally coalesced and hit Kali’s body.
“Quaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
Not even the death god’s screams could compare to the lich’s sorrow.
Lich embraced Carly’s body and turned herself into electricity.
Passssss!
Cracks began to appear in Kali’s black body, and finally hardened into hard ash.
Even after Lich and Kali disappeared at the same time, the mind that fell into the abyss did not calm down easily.
Zulu knelt down and hugged Erga while calling Erga’s name.
“Erga. Erga.”
“Kirrrr.”
As the boss was activated, a small black bird floated in front of Zulu’s eyes.
Erga, with a cold expression, was looking down at Zulu with disgust.
* * *
“Aaaaa! Aaaaaaa!”
Kanya hugged Babel and sobbed.
The disorganized form looked more gruesome than death.
Life didn’t exist from the beginning, but it didn’t matter to Kanya.
Because humans are very lonely beings.
“why… … Is life really this hard?”
Uorin looked up at the ceiling and asked like a girl.
“Why does the one who gives his heart have to suffer more?”
Gando looked at Uorin, who was making a vague expression, and thought.
Does she know that she is in pain thinking of someone?
That he was in pain looking at her right now.
‘Perhaps I don’t know.’
because it is human
In the Hall of Corruption, where even Kariel had left, Uriel only vaguely understood Ankera at the end of the war.
Gaold still fought, but no longer posed any threat.
His mind had already gone to hell, and what moved him now were only the animal signals of his final fighting instinct.
“Aaaaa! Aagh!”
Kang Nan pulled his arms with all his might.
Little by little, a tingling sensation came from the wrist affected by the <insectworm>.
It must have been painful, but it was Gangnan’s only hope.
‘do!’
Feeling pain means that the ability of the <Seungchung> is not working properly.
The blind will to go to Gaold transcended Gangnan’s body and was working.
“Aagh! Aww! Aww!”
As the handcuffs collided with the wrists, a rattling sound was heard, and blood began to leak as the red-hot skin peeled off.
‘This is human.’
Uriel thinks.
the one who throws his heart
It can flow in both good and evil, and that is why it collapses the absoluteness of this world.
A being born in the Akashic Record, but moving toward the outside of the Akashic Record.
“Ah! Aww! Aww!”
Kang Nan swung his arm with all his might.
When the power beyond the ability of the self-transcendence was applied through the divine transcendence, a dreary sound finally began to be heard.
Awesome. Awesome.
The recoil of her lower arm was gradually increasing as the bones crunched.
—————————————

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-504.txt
=============YYYYY=============
[504] Wholeheartedly (3)
McLean Guffin.
Throughout the history of heaven, the fact that humans were closest to the annihilation of the Akashic Records left deep scars on the angels.
Oblivion does not exist in the angelic body, but since it was so long ago, the existence that became a fossil under the weight of memories has now risen vividly in the planetary body of Faiel.
‘It was like that then.’
Confusion came again as the questions that had been preserved in cold memories thawed out.
Are humans strong or weak?
Why do they sometimes reach the highest spiritual body that transcends them even though they are swayed by mere animalistic desires?
A creature that has been defined tens of thousands of times by countless beings is human, but a word that can perfectly refer to them has not yet been created.
Because it’s such a complex creature?
‘no.’
Phil thought.
‘It’s not fixed.’
Human beings are moving towards something endlessly even at this moment.
‘That’s why it must be destroyed.’
Fael’s starlight exploded.
The halo, which had been expanding rapidly enough to devour heaven, became a dot and disappeared as it tightened at an even faster speed.
“no!”
Ikael, who was rapidly approaching through the sky, realized the situation and shouted.
Apateia – the lungs of annihilation.
Faiel’s exclusive patent, The Eye of Destruction, is an ability that compiles the concept of the source of extinction, and once activated, it was the worst and strongest technique that even archangels were reluctant to use.
“I enforce the will of the Archangel.”
The eyes drawn with light embedded in Faiel’s hood turned into perfect circles like Halo.
A deep and clear dot was placed in the center of the two circles.
It’s a funny face, but if you look closely, it’s inhuman and heartless enough to give you goosebumps, and that’s why you can feel awe.
‘weird.’
Sirone couldn’t dare to fight back.
Faiel examined through Jikji was only a shell, and the concept of the source of extinction was spread evenly throughout the world.
That’s why the starlight disappeared.
– Close the world.
As Faiel’s eyes slowly closed, the color of the scenery containing Sirone began to fade little by little.
“Aww!”
Sensing the disappearance of the incarnation, Sirone trembled.
ah i
If I disappear, the universe disappears too.
That was the very end of annihilation, the extreme of extinction that closed the world by closing oneself.
“Aaaaaaa!”
Although the ruins of the annihilation were not even half closed, Sirone struggled with despair.
If it had not been equipped with Armand’s incarnation according to the principle of the all-minded group, it would have already been released into nothingness of emptiness.
‘You have to hold on! If you don’t hold out… … .’
will eventually perish.
However, all Sirone can do is maintain her incarnation even a little.
The dead eye was announcing the end of Sirone’s world at the right time and at the right speed.
With a bang, blood vessels burst in Sirone’s eyes, and blood flowed from his nose.
He tries his best to maintain the incarnation, but it is only Faiel’s choice to close his eyes.
And this was the powerful force of the archangel’s source concept.
‘Indignant… … !’
As their presence faded, the Spirit Zone also failed to exert its influence.
And finally, as she entered the sub-material level, Sirone’s body became translucent.
“It’s quite good for a Nephilim.”
Fael’s voice was heard directly.
“But now your world will be closed.”
Fael’s eyes dropped as if they were sleepy.
It was a situation where Sirone was on the verge of becoming completely invisible, as if it had never existed in the world.
“Huh!”
At that moment, Sirone’s incarnation burned with an intense light.
The eyes of annihilation suddenly opened, and Sirone’s figure appeared clearly as if it were engraved in the landscape.
As expected, only Archangel Ikael could amplify the incarnation that had been fading away in an instant.
“Sirone!”
“Where are you running away!”
After Ikael, Satiel grabbed her by the neck and pinned her to the ground.
“Keugh!”
Then, he placed Ikael between his legs and lowered his upper body to press down on his neck.
Ikael’s wings of light lost their power and died as the starlight unfolded into a halo and the power of disintegration was applied.
He used his powers to recover his memories, and even revived the incarnation of Sirone from a while ago, so Ikael had no ability to endure.
“Ichael! Keugh!”
Sirone tried to run away, but the closed eyes of annihilation closed again, trapping him.
“Payel! kill it! I will annihilate Ichael!”
Although it is the ultimate annihilation eye that shows optimal efficiency in annihilating an individual, it has the disadvantage of being defenseless as Faiel’s spirit is also scattered into the world.
However, all the disadvantages were offset by Satiel blocking Ikael.
“Live! Angel shame!”
Satiel’s eyes contained the resentment of an eternity that humans could not physically store.
‘Because of you, if it wasn’t for you… … !’
“Turn it off!”
Watching Ikael disintegrate, Sirone cast her magic with all her might.
“Ikaeehell!”
A shining chain wrapped around Satiel’s body.
Seeing with her own eyes how much Faiel was suffering, she trembled.
However, the chain of light did not give her any restraining force and just pierced her body.
“Aww!”
Sirone gritted his teeth resentfully.
The magic was not being implemented properly because more than half of the closed eyes of the annihilation were closed.
Satiel put on a relieved expression for a moment, then pressed Ikael down again with a fierce look.
A face you don’t want to see.
A face so beautiful that I hate it!
“I’ll destroy it before I destroy it!”
Judicial halo – nostalgia.
Pupper pupper puck!
A shard of light bounced off Ikael’s face.
break it down
Her authority, her beauty, and her hateful memories all disintegrate!
“Aaaaaaa!”
bang!
A dull shock hit Satiel’s temple.
‘uh?’
Realizing that his body was being pushed out belatedly, Satiel dragged the ground to regain his balance.
As she turned her head, there was a strange feeling in her eyes.
Even though they were attacked by surprise, there were not many beings in Heaven who could generate enough power to push the Archangel’s body away.
“Kariel? why do you… … ?”
Kariel stood there with an excited expression.
As far as Satiel knows, his hatred isn’t too different from his own.
‘But why?’
Even Ikael, who was helped, was looking at Kariel as if he was speechless.
Kariel understood their feelings.
To be honest, he didn’t know why he attacked Satiel either.
‘What have I done?’
I will destroy Ichael.
He was about to fly to end the woman who threw her heart at some insignificant human being with her own hands.
Maybe it’s because my mental strength is weakened?
The moment I saw Satiel’s nostalgia, the starlight shook violently, and I couldn’t remember it after that.
Kariel slowly looked away and met Ikael’s eyes.
Even though it wasn’t a perfect will, he saved her as a result.
Hate Ichael.
But what Kariel is feeling right now… … It was a clear expectation.
“Is it that the mind is contradictory?”
Uorin nodded.
“okay. In fact, altruism is a serious error when viewed from the standard of survival of the fittest, the great principle of the universe. So what is altruism? It’s nothing more than another selfishness to love the altruistic self. It’s like thinking that because you love him so much, he’s entitled to hate you.”
Gando thought.
I am… … Do you hate Uorin?
“Aaaaaaaaa!”
All the angels’ eyes were focused on Sirone’s scream.
It wasn’t just one person’s cries.
Sirone’s spirit, which had spread loosely, was disintegrating, losing its specific shape as if being swept away by a huge wave.
“Sirone!”
Ikael passed Kariel and ran to Sirone.
The end of an explosion, an extreme form of amplification.
If you don’t stop here, Sirone’s spirit will be torn to pieces and will never return to its original state.
“Great!”
Sirone held her head and struggled in pain.
Thoughts were being torn apart, as if the brain was being torn apart.
It was a level of violence that was different from the exhilaration he felt when he opened Immortal Function.
‘no! Not yet!’
I tried to stay focused somehow, but the size of my mind had already swelled out of control.
Ikael used his last strength to activate Ataraxia.
I had no choice but to delay the explosion by amplifying the power of the incarnation once again.
It was like pouring water into a broken jar, but she didn’t hesitate.
If I could save Sirone even for just 5 minutes, even just a little bit, I could throw everything away.
‘why… … .’
Kariel stood devastated and followed Ikael, who passed by, with only her gaze.
Is she not looking at herself?
“Payel! Kill Sirone!”
Satiel shouted as he charged ferociously.
As Ikael cared for Sirone, Satiel’s anger only grew.
‘It should have been mine! All of that had to be mine!’
Kariel suddenly came to her senses when she saw Satiel aiming for Ikael’s back.
Judicial Madness – Simularch.
Like cheese leaking out of a compressed leather bag, numerous mechanical parts squeezed out of the space and began to assemble at the same time.
Chara la la la la rock!
After completing 36,000 processes in an instant, the object that appeared was a weapon the size of a human bronze shield with eight blades like a commendation.
Simularch – Rotating without stopping, getting stronger as it rotates, becoming harder as it becomes stronger, and rotating faster as it becomes harder.
It was an object with a crude name to say that it was made by the Archangel of Creation, but the situation was as urgent as that.
Nostalgia-Physics Collapse.
Realizing a mechanism that transcends human intelligence, Satiel opened her eyes and activated her abilities.
The weapon jolted, and the finished product quickly disintegrated into organs, organs into components, and components into parts.
It was so fast that it seemed like an explosion with no sparks or noise.
Weapons that passed Satiel in the stage of detailed appendages spread from alloys to minerals, from minerals to molecules, from molecules to atoms, and disappeared.
“joy! Do you think you can beat me?”
I had never faced Kariel before, but I had no idea that I would be pushed against the lowest combat power among the archangels.
“… … .”
When Ikael stood in the way of Sirone, Faiel eventually gave up on maintaining the abyss.
“What is this like, archangel?”
I didn’t like the current situation where the archangels were intertwined and everything was in chaos.
After all, the same thing is happening.
Sirone. and guffins.
If only the human variable is involved, everything becomes a mess.
“I have to put an end to it.”
Empty!
Faiel’s body hit the ground and flew into the sky.
Whoops!
Then, he trampled on Kariel, who was fighting Satiel, and landed on the floor.
“Ka, Kariel?”
Seeing her buried in the ground with her back broken, even Satiel, who had been fighting fiercely until now, had no choice but to let go and back down.
In fact, I have no personal feelings for him.
No, on the other hand, it was she who had felt the camaraderie of being hostile to Ikael.
“An angel who has lost his authority does not deserve to exist.”
After Faiel left the place, leaving behind those words, Kariel’s broken heart finally came into view.
“Kariel… … are you okay?”
Satiel’s eyes filled with wonder as he approached and checked his condition.
Maybe it’s because it’s been so long.
Kariel, looking up at the sky, had a peaceful smile that she hadn’t seen before.
Just like when everything was happy… … .
—————————————

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-505.txt
=============YYYYY=============
[505] Wholeheartedly (4)
“Kariel… … .”
Satiel couldn’t believe it.
At least by her standard, he was the most intelligent of the archangels and boasted of a neat beauty.
However, the present Kariel could no longer be found at that time.
As he was violently trampled by Fael, his waist was completely reversed and laid on his upper body.
The face was between the two legs, and the chest was completely dug up by the energy of extinction.
The sight of him looking at the sky with only half of his body exposed on the ground was probably the most miserable face in the world.
But his eyes were deep and calm like never before.
‘Oh, I see.’
Even if his back was broken, Faiel’s energy of extinction ruthlessly ate away the weakened Kariel’s presence.
It’s a bad situation to keep it like this for a long time anyway.
But the serenity he regained at the end of his existence was as sweet as compensation for the long years of hating Ikael.
‘From the beginning… … I wish I had given it all away.’
If I knew I would hate you so much, if I knew I would waste countless years on useless hatred.
I’d rather do whatever she wants.
‘Well, it doesn’t matter now.’
I thought I would never be able to forgive. I thought that no logic could change my mind.
However, the moment Ikael was saved, the hatred disappeared like a lie.
When the hatred disappeared, the only thing left was the narcissism and deep regret of having saved her.
“Kariel, are you okay?”
Kariel turned her head with difficulty at Satiel’s voice.
For the first time since the war began, he thought of his role as an archangel.
“You can’t destroy Ikael.”
Satiel’s face contorted.
“Now what… … !”
“I will soon perish. You know.”
Satiel gritted his teeth.
Metatron and Methiel were annihilated, and Kariel wouldn’t last too long.
If even Ikael is destroyed, the seesaw of the law will tilt toward Satan as the four archangels disappear.
In that case, at the level of an angel, Satan cannot be stopped by any means.
“I understand your feelings. Not like me. Because you don’t even have a target to throw your heart at.”
Satiel hated even that fact.
“mind? Do you think an angel with a noble spirit will be swayed by something like the mind?”
“Whoops.”
Kariel looked up at the sky with a dry smile.
“You are already being swayed.”
Sensing the end of her life, Kariel brought up memories of a very long time ago that were sunk in the abyss.
‘Right, Ikael?’
“In the beginning there was amplification.”
Ikael called Kariel and Uriel and explained.
“In that amplification, the concept of being and nothing was born. that is, existence and non-existence arose.”
Making eye contact with Kariel, who was listening with her eyes shining, Ikael stroked his head with a friendly hand.
Kariel had fun like a cat.
“Yu and moo. The concept governing it is creation and destruction, that is, you.”
Kariel asked.
“Then what was before the amplification? Was there nothing?”
Ikael always liked Kariel, who was full of curiosity.
“Whoops, nothing is… … .”
Wu Lin said.
“It means nothing.”
Gando listened attentively to each expression on Wurin’s face as he talked about the beginning.
“In other words, there is neither time nor space. It’s different from imagining a blank sheet. Even if you erase the white paper, it is not nothing.”
Man understands nothingness, but cannot experience it. Because nothing exists before experience.
“Then what was there before this world was created? Was it in a state of nothingness after all?”
“Maybe it is?”
“But Gando, you have to think about it this way. If the state of ‘existence’ does not exist in this world, then the state of ‘absence’ cannot exist either.”
Therefore, even if there was nothing in the beginning, humans should not define it as ‘nothing’.
This is because the moment when it is defined as nothing, a contradictory situation arises that violates the concept of nothing.
“Then how do you define the primordial state?”
Uorin raised her index finger and said.
“Shutdown.”
“Is it off?”
Kariel asked.
I already understood, but I was eager to hear it again.
“is it so. A state in which something is turned off, whether or not something is present. That’s why there is no substance or concept… … .”
Ikael sighed and moved on.
“Something happened.”
Even the archangel born from the original source concept had no other way to express the off state than in this way.
“The action changed the off state to the on state. At the very beginning of that amplification… … .”
Uorin raised the index fingers of both hands and crossed them in an X.
“The two states of existence and non-existence refer to each other and are born. Information defined as 0 and 1 was combined in an infinite pattern, and this universe finally began to be created.”
Uriel asked.
“Then what is amplification?”
Ikael turned his head with an intrigued expression, as he was not an angel who usually shows curiosity.
“What operation amplified this world?
Ikael gave an embarrassing smile.
“that… … It’s something I can’t figure out.”
Wu Lin said.
“It’s something nobody knows. But something worked, and the world awoke. What does it do? A very weak electrical stimulus? An explosion big enough to knock out the universe? In fact, it has nothing to do with anything.”
Uorin clicked with her fingers.
“A fleeting moment right now at the tip of my finger could be the beginning and end of a certain universe. Or it could be something like the absolute order of the transcendent.”
“okay.”
The possibilities are infinite, and the reality is unknown.
What is important is the fact that something is amplified through a certain action.
“But surprisingly, no, should I say bizarre?”
Uorin leaned back against the back of the chair and crossed her arms.
“For humans, there is one word that perfectly resembles its action. Would you like to try it out?”
Gando thought about it for a long time, but finally couldn’t stand it and asked.
“I do not know. What is it?”
“That’s right… … .”
Uorin, who paused for a moment, spat out with a meaningful smile.
“It is the heart.”
“Great!”
In her mind on the verge of collapse, Sirone regained the light of stability, albeit weakly.
At last my vision opened and I saw Ikael’s pale, almost transparent face.
‘why… … .’
Even Sirone already knew that it was impossible to regenerate.
I was prepared, so I have no regrets or regrets.
However, Ikael was desperately trying to save Sirone.
why?
What did it mean to her to extend her life by just a few minutes?
“You fool.”
Faiel activated Apatea and suppressed Ataraxia.
“Kyaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah
As Ikael’s scream erupted, Sirone’s spirit, which had been taking shape little by little, stumbled out again.
“Huhhhh!”
Sirone held on with all her heart.
‘no! It can’t end like this!’
As everything reached its end, what came to Sirone’s mind was the teachings of Zulu.
The mind controls the mind.
However, since the mind has no substance, it cannot be trained.
‘The secret of impermanence.’
Stopping the activities of the mind by putting oneself in the cycle of breathing.
‘I’m controlling the explosion!’
Sirone took a deep breath in and exhaled slowly.
With each breath exhaled, important things were thrown away one by one.
No Ichael, no heaven, no life, no death, no hatred in my head.
only inhale and exhale
back to the basics of biology.
“Whoa. ha. Whoa. ha.”
It’s a joke.
Sirone’s spirit zone, which had lost its elasticity and was drooping, regained its elasticity in an instant and swelled up.
“mind.”
Gando recited Uorin’s words.
“okay. Whatever the event in the beginning is, what is needed for that event to happen is the mind. It is this universe that began with the operation of that mind.”
Uorin rolled up her sleeve and held out her right fist.
“Thus the heart changes the law.”
pop!
As the elbow extended at an imperceptible speed, a shockwave exploded as the fist pierced the air.
“I want to push my fist out at a transcendent speed. This wholehearted desire changes the law and moves the flesh.”
“That is divine transcendence.”
“Divine Transcendence, Yaksha.”
Wu Lin corrected it with the correct name.
“Instantaneously amplifies anger and changes the laws acting on the body. The workings of the mind are truly mysterious.”
“You have great skills.”
“Huh, then let’s show you one more thing.”
Uorin raised his fist again and aimed it at Jiandao.
“I will pierce your face.”
Saliva went down Gando’s throat.
It made my hair stand on end because I knew her intentions were sincere.
“how is it? Could this be possible?”
Gando calmed down and shook his head.
“Impossible.”
“The reason is?”
“Because it is beyond the power of the mind.”
Urin nodded and lowered her arm.
“okay. The will is only my own. Even if I deliver the best blow, getting your face pierced is a completely different matter.”
“Because divine transcendence is a method of controlling the body.”
“but.”
Uorin raised his fist again as if by surprise.
And before Gando could say anything, he spread his elbows at breakneck speed.
“How about this?”
pop!
An explosion sounded as the fist struck the air.
It was a distance they could never reach, but Gando could clearly feel the feeling of her fist flying and smashing his face.
“… … .”
Gando’s arms trembled as he barely held back his screams.
It was a long time later when I realized that my face was still intact.
“… … How is this possible?”
Wu Lin was satisfied with Jiandao’s self-denial.
A normal human would have gone mad.
“What I attacked was not your body, but your incarnation. So you see my will to smash your head.”
Gando finally realized.
What a monster the little girl sitting in front of me is.
“It is beyond the mind.”
Uorin corrected this time as well.
“Beyond the mind, Vanya. Control the incarnation in a completely empty state. The opposite of divine transcendence, which concentrates the mind. It is not a state that a human being who lives for 100 years can master. Even those who have realized incarnation cannot easily imitate it.”
Gando readily acknowledged it.
As a magician, transcending the mind was a sweet dream, but no matter how hard he tried, he wouldn’t be able to reach that stage.
It’s not a place you can go to with effort from the beginning.
“I didn’t mean to kill you. There are yakshas and banyas in the world, but they are just that. Didn’t you actually withstand my blow?”
“Thank you for your high rating.”
Gando was sincere.
It was touching that Uorin, who was usually dismissed as a being inferior to a bug, said this for herself.
But there was also a bittersweet aspect to it.
In the end, a being who receives sympathy.
If it weren’t for the memories of her biological mother, Theraze Mystra, she wouldn’t even have a reason to show her affection for him.
Woo-rin looked at Gando, who was making a gloomy expression, and burst into laughter.
I wondered if he had treated me too well, but I thought it wouldn’t matter as much as today.
In any case, he is a son who will sooner or later have to take on the responsibility of an important mission.
“Inhale, exhale.”
“yes?”
Gando raised his head in doubt, but Uorin just repeated the same words.
“Inhale, exhale.”
—————————————

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-506.txt
=============YYYYY=============
[506] Wholeheartedly (5)
“Whoa.”
It’s a joke.
As the Spirit Zone pushed toward Sirone, the scenery refracted toward the center as if trapped in a drop of water.
“ha.”
It’s a joke.
As I exhaled, this time the Spirit Zone stretched out into the world.
As the surrounding objects stretched like a rubber band, a sense of tension was revealed.
‘Inhale.’
It’s a joke.
‘Exhale.’
It’s a joke.
Following Sirone’s breathing, the world was beating together.
Each time the beat continued, as a result of the ataraxia bullet system, his mind, which had been stretching toward the explosion, gradually began to recover and regain its proper form.
“Oh, this can’t be… … .”
Ikael trembled with an unknown emotion.
Elysion’s characteristic is that a person’s mind can resonate with things in the world.
However, the only thing that completely calmed the exploding mind was an incident stemming from the realization unique to Sirone.
This is clearly the realm of a certain human being.
‘You’ve reached Vanya.’
When she taught Ataraxia just a year ago, Sirone was just a beginner who had not yet entered the depths of her mind.
Of course, Geumgangtae’s mental state is not the level of a teenage boy, but Banya’s mental system is at an incomparable level.
In terms of the standard of Ikael as a normal human being, he had gone beyond a process that required at least 1,000 years of training.
It’s a joke. It’s a joke. It’s a joke.
The contraction and expansion of the Spirit Zone became faster.
Deed deed deed!
As if being subjected to a centripetal force, as the size decreased, the speed of the beat hit the world beyond count.
And finally, Sirone’s eyes flashed open.
Beyond the mind – Banya.
As the Spirit Zone disappeared, a golden haze rose from Sirone like fireworks.
As a result of the whole mind constructing the spirit, the incarnation of Sirone crossed the mind and appeared in the real world.
‘That’s… … !’
The first thing you see is the incarnation of Armand.
The reality of Armand, which was integrated with Sirone’s incarnation, was in the form of a shiny armor that looked like melted gold, unlike the monster-like appearance in reality.
The incarnation of Sirone shone with a brighter light than that, and huge wings of light spread over both shoulders.
A being who removed his heart and realized his true incarnation.
That was Vanya.
oh oh oh oh!
The moment he looked at Vanya, a black aura spread from Faiel’s body and shook the sky.
‘Banya?’
It was too deep for humans to reach, so they didn’t even consider the possibility.
Also, because of this, it was Banya that Ankera desperately tried to stop.
It is said that there is almost no existence in the land country, but among the subjects who have obtained eternal life, there are rare people who reach the wisdom.
However, even they are strictly controlled by Ankera’s will, so they create their own community and resist, not protest.
‘Remove the banya.’
As Faiel burst out in black smoke, Ikael blocked Sirone with his weakened body.
The moment she saw Faiel’s face as if she was about to be sucked into the abyss, she realized that she had no chance of winning, but her feet were firmly planted on the ground.
Hey hey!
As Faiel tried to pierce Ikael’s torso, a golden flash came in and blocked her path.
As if an incarnation had been overlaid on Sirone’s body, the overlapping afterimages cast magic at Faiel.
Aaaaaaang!
The photon cannon’s gigantic flash pushed the front forward.
The solid ground was pushed away like a wave, and Faiel’s silhouette fluttered like ashes in the white light.
“Big!”
When the flash passed, Faiel crossed his hands and groaned.
The power was even stronger because the spirit exploded with the Ataraxia bullet system was fully concentrated on the incarnation.
“Payel! stop now! No more archangels to lose!”
Satiel flew in belatedly and shouted, but only Syrone’s death remained in Faiel’s astral body.
oh oh oh oh!
As Faiel’s white robe burned in the heat, his body assimilated into perfect darkness and fell upon Sirone.
Shirone’s incarnation began to flicker as if she was losing her light due to the will to disappear that only Faiel could no longer call an angel.
‘I will not forgive you.’
Sirone charged head-on into the darkness overflowing with the energy of death.
Ataraxia is impossible.
Because the concept of amplification is still working on him.
‘I will not forgive you!’
But he still had another weapon left.
Valhalla Action!
As the halo unfolded, a trigger was activated that reversed cause and effect.
‘As much as you… … .’
Sirone gritted his teeth.
Ikael’s screams, her tears, her pain.
All of the things passed through his mind in an instant, igniting his determination.
“I will never forgive you!”
As the incarnation, which had been dying out, flared up again, the darkness swirled and screams were heard.
oh oh oh oh!
Incarnation contains the whole life of a being.
As Arin discovered with menarche earlier, Sirone’s incarnation possessed light, and the law of light tore apart the law of darkness.
“Great!”
As Sirone rushed forward with both hands out, black smoke trailed behind him and gathered between his hands.
After a while, as the smoke condensed, Faiel’s form in the angel’s robes materialized again.
“haha! Kkkkkkkkk!”
Even when Sirone choked him, Faiel let out a grotesque laugh.
It was a laugh that came out because it was absurd.
‘This is Banya.’
A situation unimaginable before the outbreak of today’s war.
Who would have known that he, who is the most adept at guiding death among the eight archangels, would be pushed this far by only one human?
‘But human after all.’
One side of Faiel’s lips rose to the spot where his cheek was.
“You must be resentful.”
Sirone’s face contorted at the mocking tone.
Even at this moment, Valhalla Action was waiting for input of some result, but no matter how much I thought about it, I couldn’t find a way to destroy Faiel.
“Yes, that is your limit.”
Even Faiel had to acknowledge Syrone’s skill.
Archangel’s ability, Ataraxia, angel’s ability, Valhalla movement, and the function of Armand, the magic sword that absorbed even the characteristics of the strongest species in Purgatory, and the strengthening of incarnation through unity.
Magic using Immortal Function’s powerful mental power and God’s Particles, an enlightenment unique to Unlockers.
In addition, he mastered Geumgangtae’s mental state and Gaia’s spirit, Elysion.
And finally, to the stage of prajna to bring out one’s true incarnation.
There were too many realms, abilities, and skills to be seen as having been mastered by a single human being, and this was the result of reaching the limit through the giant trigger called Ataraxia Yukji.
But even that was too much to drive Faiel to extinction.
If Ataraxia is the ability of an archangel, then Apatea is also an ability of equal power.
The only thing I got from the cancellation of amplification and annihilation was to make the archangel kneel once.
Even if they were able to subdue it, it would be impossible for Sirone to exert enough power to completely erase Faiel as long as she had the ultimate shield of annihilation.
“That is human. It was a pretty eerie struggle, but in the end it was just a struggle.”
As if trying to unleash his crumpled pride, Faiel shouted in a tearing voice.
“Even if I throw my whole heart into it, I can’t reach the spirit of an angel!”
Sirone’s eyes became as cold as absolute zero in the face of excitement uncharacteristic of an archangel of annihilation.
“no.”
The golden incarnation expanded a little further and completely covered Sirone’s body.
“Not yet.”
The Valhalla action spun again and spun quickly.
Sirone, whose eyes emitted a terrifying glow, entered the results while biting her molars.
‘I need more power.’
Valhalla Action accepted Sirone’s endless desire without any filtering.
‘Stronger! more! more! more!’
As desire was mediated through the Akashic Records, the result of the causal exchange finally came out.
Power enough to convince you that it’s enough to destroy Faiel.
The price he had to pay to borrow the result was 127 years, 9 months, 17 days, 43 minutes and 5 seconds.
An inefficient payment method that makes you vomit blood.
This is due to the fact that advancing a specific action and advancing the level of the future are completely different.
This is because the action of moving from A to B takes approximately a fixed time, whereas strengthening mental power is never proportional to time.
In order to increase the power of magic, numerous variables such as potential, effort, training method, and recovery would be blocking the result, so it was clear that the interest of time had been compounded enough to make even the vicious usurer stick out his tongue.
Equivalent exchange of desire and possibility.
Even in the face of the consequences of having to give up her life for a loan, Sirone was adamant.
‘doesn’t care.’
With Syrone’s approval, Valhalla Action began to reverse cause and effect.
“It doesn’t matter, as long as you can get rid of it.”
It was the heart that threw all of his life that even Faiel overlooked.
In other words, it was Sirone’s whole heart.
Valhalla Action – Photon Cannon.
Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!
A flash of light exploded in front of Sirone.
If you were watching the current scene from outside heaven, the flashes would surely extend like rays, but to the eyes of everyone watching from close by, it seemed like a huge barrier was just pushing through.
“Aww!”
With the scruff of his neck held, Faiel raised both hands to block his face.
However, in front of an astronomical mass being thrown out at a tremendous speed, even an archangel had no choice but to be defeated by force majeure.
oh oh oh oh!
The left arm fell off first, followed by the right arm and both legs at the same time.
As the whole body disintegrated, the dark energy that formed him rotated like a dragon, but even that was only a moment.
In the end, before he was even pushed 100 meters away, Faiel had already turned into a handful of dust, and just like that, he disappeared at the end of the world.
pop! pop! pop! pop!
The photon cannon fired from Arabot in the center of heaven spread out to the fairy city of Maconom.
And again, destroying numerous areas from there, he penetrated the outer wall of Heaven and disappeared into Purgatory.
“Pa, Faiel… … ?”
Satiel shuddered.
In the traces of the flash that severed the heavens, Faiel’s presence could not be found at all.
Humans annihilated the archangels.
An existence low enough to be treated as a citizen in Heaven trampled on the existence of the highest level in Heaven.
‘I see. After all, Ra’s will is… … .’
Satiel finally realized what Methiel was trying to say in the moment right before his death.
‘A human came up to the bottom of the chin.’
There was a time when even Mara was treated as a god by humans. Also, everything that happened in heaven was their myth.
But now, the curtain of that myth was about to lift.
‘Satan.’
Satiel suddenly came to his senses and looked back at Jebul.
With Faiel extinguished, the evil law would have become stronger.
“We need to find Rayel!”
Kariel will be destroyed, and even Ikael will be unable to fight.
At least one more angel must be gathered to prevent the situation from getting worse.
‘Until Ra’s will is activated… … !’
Having made up her mind, Satiel glanced at Ikael for a moment before spreading her wings of light and flying away.
Kururrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr
As if to prove her idea, she could see structures breaking, snapping, and collapsing in the distance from Jebul.
“Something like the devil… … !”
Satiel’s eyes flashed with intent to kill.
Methiel’s enemy, a huge chunk of red meat was rising from the gray smoke rising like a cloud.
—————————————

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-507.txt
=============YYYYY=============
[507] Evil Headwinds (1)
After confirming that Satiel was flying away, Ikael looked at Sirone.
His arms were stretched out with his back bent.
The body was standing, but the mind was already lying down, and there were no guns in the eyes.
“Sirone.”
Ikael flew towards Sirone, who was slowly collapsing forward.
But before she arrived, someone ran and grabbed Sirone.
It was Fleur who was unable to stand in front of a battle that transcended human limits.
“Sirone! Wake up, Sirone!”
Lying on Sirone’s face in his lap, Fleur patted her cheek, but she didn’t even move like a corpse.
The huge flash of the Photon Cannon was so intense that even Flew, who was away from the battlefield, was seeing it right in front of him.
I don’t know how he raised his power to that point, but what is certain is that in the world of magic, there is no reward without a reward.
When Sirone showed no signs of waking up, Fleur finally turned her head and glared at Ikael.
“What happened? Why isn’t Sirone waking up!”
Even in the presence of an archangel, Flew was fearless.
It was partly because her spirit had reached the end and only evil remained, but the fact that Ikael’s aura didn’t show any malice also played a part.
Rather, Ikael was looking at Sirone with more concern than anyone else.
‘Sirone… … .’
From the moment he cast Ataraxia with physical bullets, his mind was already shattered.
However, as he reached the state of banya, he delayed the mental explosion.
If it stopped there, maybe there was a little bit of hope.
“Sirone defeated Faiel through the Valhalla action of Ikasa’s Judicial Halo. He is paying the price now.”
“Valhalla action?”
Flew turned to Sirone with surprised eyes.
Considering the size of the last Photon Cannon, the price Sirone had to pay was unimaginable.
“how much… … Shouldn’t it stay like this?”
Ikael shook his head.
No one knows about this unless it is a calculation trigger called Valhalla action.
“I don’t know, but it will be much longer than you think. 50 years, 100 years, maybe 200 years.”
Flew looked back at Ikael with annoyance in his eyes.
Are you saying that now, having become an angel?
“200 years? sirone is human I mean, humans can’t live that long. In that case, even magic shouldn’t have been used in the first place!”
Certainly.
If the result cannot be reached, it is normal that there should not even be a cause.
However, on the contrary, it can be said that the cause was established because it was an operation that eventually reached the result.
“Valhalla Actions are just triggers that mediate the Akashic Records. According to human common sense, it is right that the cause should precede the effect, but Valhalla Action reverses that logic. In this case, since the effect has been obtained, the cause must also be considered possible.”
It was still a tantrum, but Flew was no foolish wizard either.
“Then what if Sirone dies at the end of her lifespan? No, what if you get murdered before that? The result is already out, so how can the cause be changed?”
“I don’t know. But that’s the Akashic Records. A change of part is meaningless to the whole. No matter how the parts change, the whole is always perfect. If Sirone dies, things will change in some way. But that also means nothing to the whole.”
“Are you saying that God is indifferent?”
The god of angels and the god of Fleur must be different concepts, but Ikael nodded.
The death of a lover, an incurable disease, and heinous crimes are only given meaning to living things.
To the whole, Sirone’s death is just an event of exactly the same weight as the rolling of a pebble in a mountain.
“you’re right. And maybe… … That might be one of the ways to get Sirone back.”
Fleur’s eyes widened.
“What are you talking about?”
Ikael shook his head again.
Even the Archangel has no way of knowing what kind of calculation Valhalla Action performed.
I just wanted to convey that it was a matter of that level.
“Unfortunately, it is beyond my competence. However, Sirone is a human, so in the end, it is the answer that humans must find. Isn’t it human to endlessly seek answers even in despair?”
Fleur tried to shout something, but then shut her mouth and looked down at Sirone’s face with a sullen expression.
Ekael was also grieved.
‘It’s really a pity.’
perhaps… … If he had been diligent in a normal time, Sirone might have found a way to subdue Faiel in about 10 years.
The Sirone that Ikael was looking at had that much potential.
But there are no assumptions in the Akashic Records.
That’s why the Valhalla action should have calculated the time for Sirone to absolutely reach that level and demanded it as a price.
It is difficult for humans to live longer than 100 years, but it is not impossible.
In fact, there are a lot of people over 1,000 years old in Shehakim.
“First of all, you don’t have to worry. It’s because I reached the state of banya and stopped the explosion. Valhalla Action cannot render debtors of desire insolvent (moratorium).”
Hearing that he wouldn’t die anyway, Flew put his worries down.
It’s not easy, but there are other concerns at the moment.
“omg!”
At that moment, she came to an idea and turned to Ikael.
Quite a bit of time has passed, even if you feel it sensibly.
She shouted, fearing that it might be too late.
“It’s a big deal! God’s punishment… … !”
Ikael, who was nervous about Sirone, also hurriedly looked up at the sky.
As she looked down at the sky, her eyes were locked in shock.
“this… … .”
* * *
Gaold was surrounded by fallen angels and attacked like prey.
Around him, who was already unconscious and waving only his hands, the angels with their ferocious eyes raised were repeating attacks and retreats, cutting off his breath bit by bit.
This tactic wasn’t just to annoy Gaold.
it’s fear.
The memory of attacking Rakia and slaughtering countless fallen angels and Maras made them hesitate even to approach Gaold.
However, Kang Nan’s heart as he watched the scene from the top of the castle wall seemed to be torn into a thousand and ten thousand parts.
“Aaaaaaa!”
The more she did, the more she poured her strength into breaking her wrist.
oops! Awesome!
Every time he swung his arm with a scream-like spirit, his palm bones were crushed little by little.
Divine Transcendence – Yaksha.
Uriel defined the state of gangran that way.
Those who burn the will with the power of anger and change the laws of the flesh.
Gaold’s pain was completely permeated with the rage of Gangnan, making his will stronger.
Support! Support!
Finally, as all of the palm bones were crushed, Kang Nan’s shattered fist escaped from <Jachung>.
It was difficult to even take a single step with her body, which had been afflicted with pain all night, but Kang Nan burst into tears and collapsed under the wall.
Falling to the ground in an ambiguous state between landing and falling, she crawled for a while, then got up again and walked towards Gaold.
“mister… … mister… … .”
“Aagh! Wow!”
Gaold struggled with his hands, not even knowing that the river was approaching.
Consciousness, memories, and thoughts have already been blown away.
The only thing that moves him is the flash of pain in the darkness.
Watching him spin his body following the light and snatch his hand, I felt like my insides turned upside down.
“Mr. … .”
Kang Nan approached, hanging his two shattered fists down weakly.
‘It’s okay to love Miro. It’s okay if you don’t come to me.’
Because he knows what he’s fighting for.
‘I don’t know how hard it was for me, but it’s okay. therefore… … .’
Gangnan hugged Gaold’s waist.
Surprisingly, Gaold, who had lost his temper, stopped struggling.
“therefore… … .”
Kang Nan raised his head, pouring out hot tears.
“Do not hurt. I’ll fight, so please don’t get sick.”
“Now!”
When Gaold’s excitement subsided, the fallen angels plucked up courage and attacked them all.
If I don’t remove it now, I don’t know how long I’ll have to do with the bloody confrontation.
The moment Gangnan glared at the approaching enemies with his shoulders trembling, he heard Gaold’s voice, weak but clear, above his head.
“It’s a mutt… … .”
“mister!”
Gangnan looked back at Gaold with surprised eyes.
Compared to before he came to heaven, his face was emaciated enough to be considered a corpse, but he still had a wonderful smile.
“are you okay? Are you out of your mind?”
“… … The house is well guarded.”
Gangnan burst into tears.
He climbed up to deliver these words even when his mind had already fallen into hell.
In that deep, deep abyss, it was pulled out to see itself for the last time.
“No, mister! don’t go! Don’t leave me!”
“Destroy the enemies of Heaven! It has to be done once and for all!”
Gaold turned his head and saw the fallen angels flying over and tearing his mouth grotesquely.
“Quack.”
Pain 100 million times? 1 billion times? 10 billion, 100 billion times?
‘What do you know?’
“no! mister! do not do that!”
“Something like pain… … .”
Gaold looked down at Gangnan and stroked her hair.
As if trying to carve a voice directly into her head.
“It’s just pain.”
air pressing.
Wooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
At the moment when the shapeless, voluptuous sound exploded, the ground shook as if an earthquake had occurred.
And nothing.
“Aww! Aaaaaa!”
Kang Nan sobbed in Gaold’s arms as he cast magic and fell to his knees.
Gaold’s smiling face with his eyes closed seemed serene, but the price he had to pay for that one smile was in the deep, deep pit of hell.
“Aaaaaagh! mister!”
Yuriel, who remained on the castle wall, was watching it with her arms crossed.
As if it were a duty, I had to follow Kariel and confirm the last understanding of humans.
‘That’s… … Are you human?’
In the end, Gaold erased Rakia.
One human wiped out all the fallen angels and their Mara.
‘A maddening obsession that knows no end to humankind.’
Gaold is neither a prajna nor a yaksha.
So, that would not be all of humanity.
However, that was clearly the extreme of something that humans possessed.
‘Should I remove it now?’
Uriel summoned the Gon of Paradise.
“… … .”
And after fighting numerous strong enemies, I saw the miserable face of losing everything.
-Forbid the activities of angels.
Ra’s command, which I couldn’t understand at first.
But now, Uriel also realized exactly how things were going.
‘Preferably… … It would be better to remove it.’
On the one hand, I thought I wanted to leave it as it is.
A chance to finish by mobilizing all troops in Rakia.
However, it was a way that did not suit Yuriel, the Archangel of Destruction.
Cuckoo Cuckoo Cuckoo!
As Uriel spread his wings of light, the walls of the castle shook.
“Satan.”
The strongest enemy in heaven at this moment.
Uriel, who slowly rose above the castle wall, turned into a flash of light and flew to the center of the fire.
“Aww! Aaaaaa!”
The scream of gangnan permeated into the silence of Rakia.
—————————————

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-508.txt
=============YYYYY=============
[508] Evil Headwinds (2)
“Evil Law Satan.”
Gando followed Uorin’s words exactly.
Currently, it is Satan that Uorin is pointing out as the prime suspect, but the name Satan is familiar even in human history.
Of course, no one has directly seen the reality, but through numerous documents and pictures, I was able to subjectively imagine the appearance of Satan.
“okay. If there is something Anchera cannot do, it must be evil. And if it’s a concept that represents that evil, then Satan is perfect.”
Since ancient times, the kingdoms of heaven and earth have had limited exchanges.
In the process, mankind has accumulated a history of gods and angels, demons and monsters, and it has become a myth and settled in people’s minds.
“The opposition between good and evil is different from the opposition between nothing and something. It’s not clear. But it is a concept that definitely exists. If so, when did it happen?”
When Gando couldn’t answer, Uorin raised her index finger and pointed at the ceiling.
“From the beginning. To be precise, from the time we can think of being the first.”
Anke Ra defined this universe as a god-forsaken dump and decided to become a god himself.
And from then on, the universe became the universe, but in reality, it was the same reason that the universe existed since he was gone.
“That is what good and evil are. The whole, and something that opposes the whole. Perhaps it is endless chaos and instability. And from the moment we perceive the universe, it works on us in the name of good and evil.”
“so that… … It means that you cannot get rid of the evil law called Anke.”
Uorin crossed her legs and rested her chin on her chin.
“Hmm, I guess that’s the most likely theory right now. I’ll be able to hear more details once Tormia’s Cage Team B returns.”
Gando felt like the clue was finally being solved.
Humans can do what Anchera can’t.
“In the end, what Ra wants from us is for the followers of good to defeat Satan.”
Uorin smiled very pretentiously.
It seemed adorable knowing it was a joke.
“You are right to think so. But, Gando, humans are not the ones who choose between good and evil.”
Gando blinked his eyes.
Humans think they can choose between good and evil.
In fact, can’t even you decide that yourself now?
“Then, what kind of being are humans?”
“He is the one who defines good and evil.”
“… … .”
“There is no absolute dividing line between good and evil. That’s the biggest reason why Ankera can’t get rid of evil. But humans are different. Because we are extremely selfish and individual, we can flow for good or evil, and that is why we are unstable.”
Uorin leaned against the backrest holding the crystal glass she poured into.
“Instability always reveals weakness. That’s why you hear that humans are weak. But there are things that make me stronger.”
“That is… … What is it?”
When Gando, who had lost his mind, raised his head and asked, Uorin put the glass to his lips and pointed at Gando with his finger.
“belief.”
Wow!
Etella, who was pinned against the wall, slammed her buttock on the floor in a crouched position.
“Keugh!”
Aside from the exhaustion of battle, it was to the point of irritation.
At present, the person with the strongest will for good in heaven must be Ethella.
And because of that, it was she who could stop Satan.
However, even if you rallied Satan with all your might, Satan quickly regained his energy and counterattacked with a stronger body than before.
Without looking, I could see that the laws of this world were leaning toward Satan.
“Geuk, you’re a strong woman.”
Satan, 30 meters tall, approached Ethella, breaking his neck.
The building they were in had already completely collapsed, and only the boundary lines on the low walls indicated that it was the angels’ room.
“Why are you attacking?”
Satan looked at Etela’s ferocious eyes and asked.
“So, why risk your life on a stupid idea? It is always evil that rules the world. Because it is the most efficient means to achieve your desires.”
Satan grabbed the roof of the Buddhist altar standing tall in front of him and tore it off.
When he clenched his fist, the solid bricks crumbled into dust.
“The easiest way to have something is to just have it. If you see something to eat over there, just go up and take it away. Humans know that simple principle all too well. But why do you do stupid things?”
Ethella put her hands on the floor and stood up slowly.
“If humans are truly evil… … .”
Then, as he got ready to fight again, he looked up at Satan’s lofty face.
“Why is this world still maintained?”
This time Satan was silent.
“Yes, maybe humans don’t really need lines. Even if you leave it as it is, you will make your own justice and live well. But keep it in mind. Even in this life dominated by evil, the reason why so many people live while maintaining their humanity is because a small number of people with good will have kept it endlessly.”
“So you’re fighting too? Until you give up your desire?”
Ethella laughed.
“This is my desire. With a very selfish heart, I want this world to be full of love.”
Woo woo woo.
A long breath came out, and vitality began to circulate through Etella’s body again.
“There is definitely goodness where evil like you doesn’t even look at it. And I am alive too.”
Ethella gritted her teeth and charged.
“The fact that humanity still exists is, to me, the clearest conviction of the good than anything else!”
Watching Ethella kick off the ground and jump up, Satan frowned.
belief.
People believe what they believe is right.
That’s why humans are dangerous.
Those who seek good, knowing that it is sweet and easy to follow the methodology of evil, have existed endlessly.
“It’s like that.”
Satan raised his fist, aiming at Ethella, who was coming up against him.
“Come on. human!”
“Tahaaaa!”
Etella, which ran over her forearm to avoid the fist, kicked Satan’s jaw while spinning.
The face of Satan, huge as a rock, turned, and the falling Etella crossed her arms and caught her breath.
The moment her arms opened and her eyes glowed, the magic of the Yin-Yang Wave Fist unfolded.
Thousands Arms Guanyin Lightning Strike.
Doo doo doo doo doo doo!
A ripple spread from the inside as the lightning strikes hit his hard chest.
Innumerable waves interfered, refracted, and reflected and spread throughout Satan’s body.
‘Believe! Humans!’
Etella increased the speed of her repeated hits to the point where she couldn’t even breathe.
‘The will of good in the human heart!’
Doo doo doo!
A shower rained down on Satan’s body.
“Great!”
A shower rained down on Satan’s body.
* * *
“hey! Uriel!”
It was a long time ago.
Kariel went out to find Uriel, who had destroyed his creation again.
Just looking at the gigantic figure blankly looking up at the sky made me hate it.
‘Being ignorant.’
Kariel flew in a ferocious trajectory.
“hey! Why do you keep breaking my things!”
Turning his head, Yuriel’s answer was simple.
“You can make it unbreakable.”
“What, what?”
“I am the Archangel of Destruction. can break everything If you are also the archangel of creation, shouldn’t you make something that can never be destroyed?”
Kariel gritted her teeth as she tried to refute something.
“damn!”
I had nothing to refute.
“I can make it! But what you destroyed wasn’t something like that in the first place! I will tell Ikael everything.”
“To be pathetic. Ikael is the only one born before us, but he is the same archangel anyway. You do your own thing.”
“haha! You say that, but you can’t move. wait, I’m right now… … .”
The moment Kariel turned around, Ikael flew in from afar.
Kariel, whose face suddenly brightened, called out to her while lighting up the asteroid.
“Ichael! Ichael!”
As Ikael flew away, Kariel told all about Yuriel’s atrocities.
“Whatever I make, I always destroy. Please punish me.”
Contrary to his confident words earlier, Yuriel also turned his head shyly.
“hmm.”
Ikael looked down at Kariel’s horribly ruined creation.
“Yes, badly broken. Uriel was bad.”
“From now on, I will make things that will never break. An object that is so strong that Uriel cannot even move.”
Ikael said with a beautiful eye smile.
“Of course, that is a wonderful thing. But Kariel, if all things don’t break, there will come a day when you can no longer make new ones.”
“Ha, but… … .”
“There is no creation without destruction. Don’t you know?”
“But I feel bad. It feels like I’m being pushed by Uriel for some reason.”
“Whoops, you’re welcome. You are the angel of birth. It is a being that can create the most beautiful things even in the most terrible ruins.”
Ikael gently stroked Kariel’s hair.
“Make the most beautiful thing in the world. Something so beautiful that Uriel wouldn’t even think about destroying it.”
“… … .”
Kariel put on a blank expression as if she realized something.
Ikael said, touching their foreheads.
“Can you do it, Kariel?”
“Cool! Cool!”
Kariel, awaiting extinction, let out a harsh cough.
His pupils were already fully dilated and there was no vitality to be found.
It was a terrible look.
‘What I created is nothing but ruins. What more can I do here? Ikael, you are wrong. I couldn’t make it in the end.’
Higher than the sky, the faint ripping of the air could be heard.
‘Something is coming.’
“Kariel.”
Ichael has arrived.
God’s punishment would soon hit Heaven, but it was because of the thought that Kariel’s end had to be protected.
“Hey, are you finally looking after me? It is so glorious that it is about to perish.”
“Are you okay?”
“Very well. will soon perish It will disappear soon, so get out of here quickly.”
Ikael knelt down in front of Kariel and placed a hand on his distorted chest.
“I’m sorry. everything is my fault What made you this way.”
Kariel kept her mouth shut.
It wasn’t too bad to accept Ikael’s kind attitude despite his harsh tone.
‘ah… … .’
Kariel realized it belatedly.
The fact that Ikael has always been kind to himself.
“me… … Are you resentful?”
Ikael shook his head slowly.
“no. Why would I hate you?”
Those thrilling words actually hurt Kariel even more.
“It’s the last anyway. ‘Cause I’m going to perish So be honest. do you resent me I insulted you, mocked you, and made you suffer.”
“Kariel, you are a good angel.”
“Do not lie!”
Where did this energy come from?
Kariel shouted as if it didn’t matter if she disappeared immediately.
“You loved humans! You sided with humans until the very end! But why are you lying to me!”
Ikael looked down at Kariel with a pitiful expression.
“Yes, I love humans.”
A soft hand caressed Kariel’s hair.
It was the touch I had felt a long time ago.
“And Kariel, you are the most human-like angel among the angels I know.”
“Black! Whoops!”
Tears flowed down Kariel’s cheeks as she closed her eyes tightly.
I just realized
Why did you hate humans?
“sorry! Black! sorry!”
Ikael continued to stroke Kariel’s hair with a sad smile mixed with sadness and pity.
Kariel’s hazy eyelids slowly began to close.
“sorry. sorry… … .”
mom.
A name that could never exist for an angel was the last spirit engraved on Kariel’s luminary body.
The disfigured body turned into a brilliant light, marking the end of extinction.
‘Anker Rashi, take care of poor Kariel.’
Ikael stayed put even after Kariel was gone, and Fleur, standing behind her, turned his head toward the sky.
God’s punishment is yet to be seen.
‘Well, it’s only natural.’
That would be a formidable speed.
Therefore, once it came within visual range, it was so instantaneous that it could not even react to being driven to the ground.
Time left until the destruction of Heaven.
4 minutes 32 seconds.
—————————————

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-509.txt
=============YYYYY=============
[509] Evil Headwinds (3)
The aura of disgust disappeared from Erga’s face as he glared at Zulu in heavy silence.
Kirururu.
The little monster disappeared with a cute noise, and Zulu stood up.
cycle.
If she stopped even for a moment, she would be sucked into the endless abyss again, so she poured out countless feelings of malice that filled her heart.
side.
I put my blackmail pacifier back on the floor and looked at the scenery of Zion.
Most of the objects were destroyed in the confrontation with Kali, but there were countless metagates.
Zulu, clutching one of them, checked the time.
maybe it’s already too late
Did Etella, who decided to find the disk, and Armin, who had to extract the coordinates to return from Ingris, complete their mission?
Since it was something you wouldn’t know until you went, she hurriedly moved toward the ground.
“… … .”
But just before leaving Zion, she stopped.
It is right to see that it is already too late.
On some missions, it is sometimes better to prepare for the worst rather than the smallest possibility.
Zulu looked down at the metagate in her hand for a moment, then turned back to Shion.
It was time to make a choice.
* * *
Thousands Arms Guanyin Lightning Strike.
The endless blows are a thousand arms to drive away the evil of the world, and the final thunderbolt is a realization that destroys evil.
It must have been the Thousand-Armed Kannon Lightning Strike, which is the magic of Yin-Yang Wave Fist, but the more she knocked on Satan, the more skepticism built up in Etela’s heart.
“Huhhhh!”
A moan leaked through Ethella’s clenched teeth.
How could this be?
No matter how much waves were pushed in, interference did not occur as Satan’s flesh grew.
‘Just a little bit more!’
Theoretically, the yin-yang wave sphere can destroy any object from the inside.
However, it was not particularly effective against humans.
It is because there is no need to cause internal destruction to a human with soft skin.
Therefore, only the technology to destroy evil.
If it doesn’t work for Satan, the symbol of evil, even the faith of the Order of Carsis seems to be broken, so she is putting more effort into hitting it again and again.
“Great!”
As the pounding speed of the hard muscles increased, the feeling of shock began to be engraved on Satan’s face.
‘We’re almost there. If you push it hard enough to detonate the lightning field… … .’
“Quack. Kkkkkkkkk.”
Etela found the light of hope and heard Satan’s laughter.
Without looking up, I could tell what his laugh meant.
Again, as Satan’s body began to grow rapidly, the ripples he had put in with all his might were fading.
“It tilted perfectly.”
Satan stretched out his arms wide and bent his upper body as if he had nothing to fear anymore.
It was a gesture to hit him as much as he wanted.
‘A huge force is rushing in.’
With Kariel annihilated in Arabot, there are now four archangels left.
And still, the Karas are putting shame on the angels and reducing their numbers.
As the seesaw of the law first leaned toward Satan, the flesh began to grow without limit.
“Ooooh! Ohhhh!”
In front of the growing body of evil, Etella shed tears.
“Why, why, why!”
Since joining the Karsis Monastery, he has fought many evils.
But it was the first time I felt as miserable as I am now.
“Ah, it feels good. Hit more, hit more. please me more.”
Satan grew bigger without knowing the end.
When heights of 20m, 30m, 50m, and 100m exceeded, even the buildings around it collapsed.
“Hehehehe, poor human being.”
Doo doo doo!
Etella did not stop attacking.
It was the voice of the teacher who passed on the true intention of the Yin-Yang Wave Fist that supported her in the feeling that the beliefs she had built up her entire life were collapsing at once.
-Ethella, you must believe. You have to believe that good exists.
* * *
fence.
It is a sword handling skill.
If you’re swinging your sword against a scarecrow, one very simple action is enough.
However, the sword is a game of tag with risking each other’s lives.
And from then on, things get serious.
The compatibility of movement, the compatibility of trajectory, the compatibility of judgment, and numerous compatibility come together to derive the next result, and the result becomes the cause of a new judgment again and wriggles to bite the opponent.
The confrontation between Kuan and the nameless created the feeling of a snake with the intent to kill, wriggling freely and moving to bite each other’s neck.
Nameless was close to perfect, and Kuan was unstable.
The two swords that went to the extremes awakened the existence that had stayed outside of their thoughts, and the higher the level, the higher it went.
I am getting stronger.
In a state where life is ignored and only thoughts are everything, Quan expressed chaos with his whole body.
As if staggering on a boat in a storm, the nameless sword swayed every time his legs twisted and his upper body swayed.
playing with a sword
Quan’s thoughts became rather simple as new patterns permeated endlessly into his body.
It was a journey to get closer to the essence of the sword, and it was justification that there was no need to be sure because it was close to the truth.
‘It’s so easy. What is a sword… … Was it this easy?’
Quan’s sword pierced the blind spot with a cold sharp edge.
As the scars increased all over the body, the unknown finally realized.
‘It’s sad to have to die.’
truly.
‘I feel resentful for having to disappear without being able to convey anything about such a wonderful world.’
Quan, who had passed by the waist of an unknown man, rotated his body like a top and took a detour to the enemy’s rear.
Moo-myeong hurriedly turned around, but Kuan’s figure was nowhere to be found.
‘Hey, I knew that. It can’t be.’
A human who fought for the first and last time since he was born without even being given a name.
Is there a swordsman stronger than this man in the world?
Moo-myeong hoped that Kuan would become the strongest swordsman.
Otherwise, it would be too unfair for his talent to be buried here.
‘No, it’s not like that.’
Nameless wandered everywhere in search of Quan, but as if he had disappeared, he could not even see his afterimage.
‘But you must be looking at me.’
I didn’t live a single day, but it was a wonderful life.
‘It’s because I met you.’
Anonymous slowly lowered his sword.
Movement Zero.
No matter where he looked, he would not be able to find Kuan, so further movement was meaningless.
“It is infinite because it is two.”
slam!
With a cool sound, the nameless neck fell off from behind.
Quan raised his sword diagonally, level with the ground, and as soon as he stepped on the ground with his intact foot, it rotated as if capturing the remaining inertia of external gravity.
Tok tok, Degururu.
Only after the rotation stopped did the nameless neck roll on the floor and blood gushed out like a fountain from the still standing body.
“okay.”
Kuan murmured with a nonchalant look.
“It’s infinite because it’s two.”
When a perfect one meets another, the future opens up and all possibilities spread out to infinity.
That is swordsmanship and the world’s reason.
Blood gushed from Quan’s shoulder, where his arm had been cut off.
It was a battle that had pushed him to the limits of his limits, and he could no longer maintain the schema.
“this!”
Armin kicked the ground and ran.
However, Shiina arrived before that and grabbed Kuan’s upper body with her whole body.
“Mr Quan! are you okay? Come to your senses.”
Kuan just wanted to sleep.
However, when he heard the caller’s voice, he raised his trembling eyelids.
‘For a woman… … It smells so good.’
It was a refreshing shock to Quan, who had lived his entire life smelling blood and sweat.
‘But this scent probably doesn’t belong to me.’
Yes, it’s just a fragrance you can inhale at the cost of giving your life.
“I am okay. Go to Ingris.”
There is no news about Etella and Zulu, but we must extract the coordinates according to the original mission so that we can plan for the future.
Cuckoo Cuckoo Cuckoo!
The building shook as if an earthquake had occurred.
“what?”
Armin looked up at the ceiling and shouted in a surprised voice.
“damage!”
The building was collapsing.
As Shiina struggled to carry Kuan, Armin took them both and cast a flicker spell.
At the same time, a huge boulder slammed down on the spot where they were.
Rumble!
Armin, who escaped from the building, realized the true nature of the earthquake, and Shiina was also looking up at the sky with an absurd expression.
“That… … What the hell is it?”
A gigantic monster unthinkable by human common sense continued to grow at this very moment.
As the monster stooped, an evil face abruptly descended from the clouds.
Ha ha ha ha ha ha!
A frenzied laugh erupted from the mouth that seemed to devour the world and shook the ground.
Armin said with a serious expression.
“I must go.”
The way to Ingris was blocked due to the collapse of the building, but looking at the current situation, it was not a situation where they were looking for coordinates to return to.
“I don’t know what the monster really is, but things are obviously messed up. Miss Ethella seems to be there too.”
The human fighting the monster was only a small dot, but Armin in the light could see it clearly.
While Armin acted immediately, Shiina hesitated and couldn’t leave the seat.
He couldn’t leave Quan, the savior of his life, like this.
“Go.”
Kuan, who was looking at the sky with a nonchalant expression, said.
“But Mr. Kuan is now… … .”
“For a prosecutor, sympathy is a shame. Don’t worry, you won’t die.”
I’m not even sure if I can live with it.
In fact, how can a human being who has never died know how much it takes to die?
‘Shina… … .’
Armin was waiting far away.
Mission comes first.
However, since he had already abandoned Kuan to save Shiina, he was no longer qualified to persuade him with such words.
‘Yeah, I don’t have time.’
Shiina made the decision to go.
I am full of worries about Kuan, but if I don’t solve the problems I face, in the end, all that remains is annihilation.
“I’ll be right back.”
You may not come back.
Even if he spit it out, it would be a burden anyway, so Quan swallowed the words that came out of his throat.
Then Shiina turned around and asked.
“Until then, will you stay alive?”
Quan didn’t feel worthy of an answer.
It’s because even if you ask to be alive in a state where your whole body is hacked up, it’s not something you can do on your own.
“If we return alive, then… … .”
Shiina pondered the next word for a long time before speaking with a slight blush.
“Let’s eat together again.”
Leaving those words behind, Shiina left for Satan with Armin as if running away.
Even after being left alone, Kuan did not show any change in emotion and just looked at the sky.
“Pooh!
Then, all of a sudden, I burst into laughter.
His face crumpled with arrogance as his wounds throbbed, but his lungs were still itchy and gasping.
‘Hey, what are you doing with me? Girl, I can’t even cut a steak with this body.’
Conflicting with obscurity, Kuan reached the present state by passing through the odds smaller than the eye of a needle.
But a one-armed, lame man was ashamed of himself to play the role of a woman’s man.
‘Yeah, it’s all over. This is my grave.’
When I felt so depressed that I wanted to drop everything, the bleeding I had been holding on to broke out again.
– Let’s eat together.
“ha.”
Kuan let out a sigh like a sigh.
“really… … People will turn around.”
—————————————

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-51.txt
=============YYYYY=============
Please enable JavaScript
[51] Strange Research Society (3)
“My major is computational physics.In terms of the size, speed, and shape of the space, it can never happen without the universe.The figures are too large to be implemented on the continent.”
“But how could I have such a dream?”Psychological regression is my memory, but I’ve never been to space.”
“Perhaps so, but even if you don’t go into space, memories can exist.And from here on out, it’s Ned’s major again.”
As soon as I heard Iruki’s words, I suddenly had an idea in my head.
“A portrait…”
Ned nodded.
“Yes. In the Spiritual Warfare Experiment, the condemned man was unconscious and aware of the situation in each country for a month.How is that possible?I wonder if he had heard the story because it was like a pigeon flying in the air.Of course, that’s possible, but I think it’s too human-centered.Eyes and ears are biological organs with accurate development systems.There can’t be such a thing in the soul.The soul must be a substance with unique characteristics.When it was electrically decomposed, it had a strange effect.combine with other information, or fly quickly beyond time and space.”
Iruki agreed with Ned.
“Electrons cannot observe and measure at the same time.It’s like you can’t check the position of the string when you bounce the guitar string.There is only a probability within the range of vibration.This is called quantization, and if the soul is ionized, it doesn’t matter if it’s the universe.It’s a world where the correlation between time and distance is broken.”
Shironet slowly remembered his head.Nothing has been solved yet, but when the logic and evidence were presented, the fear felt much lessened.
“Well, I think I got the hang of it now.Thank you very much.You’re like a member of the psychic science research team.
“Ha-ha! You shouldn’t be so surprised.Anyway, don’t worry too much.I’m not under a curse.I think it’s related to the emotional function, so let’s look into that in the future.”
Shironet nodded and made up his mind.
“All right! I’m going to join the Psychic Science Society.”
Ned had no reason to say no.Above all, when Sirone comes in, there are three members.It will be registered as an official research group, and subsidies that were cut off a year ago will also be provided.
“We are always welcome.Ruki, do you agree?”
“Well, for the vision of the Research Council, Shironet is certainly a good recruitment.But will the management accept it?There must be a lot of teachers who are against it because it’s so notorious.”
“Leave it to me.All I have to do is slip in the papers without the teachers knowing.Let’s go now!”
As Ned left the lab, as if he could not wait for a moment, Shirone laughed and followed Yiruki.Then, just before closing, I looked at the lab.It’s like a warehouse and dusty, but when I think of it as my own research group from now on, I felt the atmosphere.
“But I’ll have to clean it up.”
Shironet closed the door and put out the fire outside.There was no sign of silence in the dark room.The dust on the sofa was spinning quietly around where Shirone sat.
overflow (1)
The atmosphere in the teacher’s office was unusually busy.
Most of the teachers who finished the class waited for the next class while drinking tea or chatting, but now all the teachers were working together to classify the documents.
The task of classifying dozens of applications for membership one by one, writing them in the report, and handing them over to the department in charge took more work than expected.
Shina, who had just returned from her lesson, did not speak and headed for the pile of papers she had placed on a large desk.
“Oh, are they all applications?”There’s a lot of traffic this week.”
“Well, it’s the end of the semester, isn’t it?”It happens all the time at this time of year.”
When the semester ends and the vacation begins, students must submit their thesis on a free topic by the next semester.
However, since such performance evaluation can be replaced by a presentation of the research group, it has been a recent trend for students who do not have a research group to join the research group temporarily at the end of the semester.
Said Saad, who was helping with the work.
“Children only have more tricks.It wasn’t like this before.The research group and the performance evaluation were enthusiastic.I think kids these days are too efficient.”
“Ha-ha! It’s different from before.The competition has become fiercer than it was 10 years ago, and children must be stressed out in their own way.The reason for holding a temporary research group is to buy time for personal study.”
“But aren’t you too obsessed with results?There’s also the romance of my school days.”
The teacher seemed to sympathize with Sadr’s words and just smiled bitterly.After taking the documents, he was handing them over to the department in charge when she found the documents that had fallen under her desk.
“There’s one missing here,”
“Oh, when did you come in?”You must have left it in class.”
“Hoo-hoo. You must have been in a hurry.”
Sina examined the papers to see which student had been clever.And when I checked his name, he looked suspicious and fixed his glasses.
“It says… Shirone, right?”
The teacher pecked out his face to confirm.
“I see, Aryan Shiro.I thought you weren’t interested in the research group.Well, the students are playing tricks on each other, so there’s nothing we can do about it.”
Sadr snatched the application form and frowned.
“I don’t think so,”This is a very famous research group, isn’t it?”
“Let me see it again.
Sina received an application form from Sad and looked at the research group Shirone joined.
Indeed, it was a famous place.
“Supernatural Psychological Science Research Society.”
It was a name like a bolt out of the blue.
I still have a headache when I think about how I fought with graduates from here every year since I was appointed as a teacher.
“Oh? Come to think of it…….’
Didn’t most of the troublemakers at the Psychological Research Society graduate the previous year?I remembered hearing at first glance that the subsidy was cut off due to a lack of membership.
said the teacher with a smile.
“And then I heard that Iruki also belonged to the research institute.I think we’re on the same wavelength.”
Sadr burst into a dejected laugh.
“I’ve heard that you did a great job on the targeting test.But you seem to be on good terms with each other.I don’t think you have the right personality.”
said Cina, with a keen look on her face.
“Yes. That’s why it’s a problem.”
If Iruki, who is as talented as Shirone, had enticed him, Shirone, who was stubborn, might have changed his mind.
But what do you mean, “Iruki?
I’m not the worst person in the school.Even if they were geniuses, Shirone and Iruki were in the opposite direction.
It could be helpful for each other’s development, but it could be a problem in which either side could be eaten up or co-destroyed by conflict.That would have been a great loss for the school.
“I’d rather do it,”At this point, let’s break off the vicious circle.”
Shiina opened the file and looked at who the chairman of the Psychological Science Research Council was.
As expected, it was Ned.
Recently, a research group that includes two people who are said to be closest to Shirone.
At this point, I thought I understood why Sirone, who had been away from the research group so far, joined.
“Ned’s teacher is…….’
Sina looked for the teacher in charge, pointing out the names of the teachers.Then, as soon as he checked his name, he sighed and touched his forehead.
“Sigh, of all things…….’
* * *
A training center located outside the magic school.
Etella was meditating with her cross-legged.
The Carris Monastery she attended was the best monastery in the kingdom, with more than 1,000 monk apprentices.Hundreds of children come in every year with their parents’ hands, but only a small percentage of them become monks in recognition of their talents.
Etella was unique among such children.
She became the youngest bishop, leaving many high-ranking nobles and even royalty behind.
The position of bishop is not just a position where one can rise just because one is skilled.The reason why Etella caught the eyes of her predecessors was that she discovered her nature as a compositional leader.
It will be the light and salt of the world.
With this mindset, Etella, who vowed to live her whole life, turned a blind eye to wealth and fame and became a teacher at the Alpeas School of Witchcraft and Wizardry.
“Thank you for letting me finish my education safely today.”’
Therefore, Etella is different from other teachers.First of all, the origin itself was not a school or magic association, but a monastery.
If the wizard critically looks at the world, Monk does not analyze the world but wants to keep it in his mind.
Her infinite appreciation for nature, which allowed her to exist, and her sense of mission to share her heart with others were all that made up her.
Etella slowly opened her eyes.Her eyes penetrating the air were young.
I could sense a woman approaching here through the Spirit Zone.I felt a woman approaching through the Spirit Zone.
It is difficult to determine the gender of an object with a general spirit zone.However, she was Jonah, the authority of Spirit Zone, and had a higher level of exploration ability than any other wizard.
If you liken an ordinary spirit zone to air, Jonner’s spirit zone is a liquid.As such, the density of the medium is high, so you can feel the synesthesia much clearer.
Ethella rose from her seat and waited for her guests.It was a long time before Cina opened the door and greeted him with a smile.
“Welcome,”Mr. Shiina.”
Sheena was not surprised that Etella was waiting in advance.I knew how clear Jonah’s spirit zone was.
“You’re in training, aren’t you?”Do I disturb you?”
“No, I was about to finish.Come on in.”
“Well, I’ll excuse me.
It was rare for Cina to come to the training center.Ethella heated the tea, thinking it would take a long time to talk.
I laid a cushion, but sitting on the floor was unfamiliar to Sina.But she knelt politely and politely received the car that Etella handed her.
While drinking her first cup, she had heard that it was polite of the congregation to refrain from conversation, so she did not say a word until she emptied her bitter tea.
Even though the sun was long because it was summer, the golden sunset was thick.Cina, who wanted to start the conversation before dark, emptied the teacup a little faster.
Ethella spoke thoughtfully first.
“It’s not a light thing to come all the way here.”
“Yes. I have something to discuss.”
“I see. What’s the matter?”
“You’re in charge of Nade, aren’t you?”
“Yes. He’s a bright and good student.”My grades are in the middle and upper ranks, but I have plenty of talent.It goes well with the children.”
“Do you know that the child is the chairman of the Psychic Science Research Society?”
“Of course. Did Ned do anything wrong?”
Sheena raised her upper body as if she were determined.
“I’m going to dissolve the research group where the child is the chairman.I came because I thought it would be reasonable to ask the teacher in charge for understanding in advance.”
Etella smiled softly and savored the tea.She, who had been lost in thought for a long time, spoke.
“If Mr. Shiina means it, it must be for the students.But this time I’d like to know why.”
“Since ancient times, the Psychological Science Society has had many incidents.It was a notorious research group even before I took office.Of course, the school left it alone because of his achievements, but now the situation has changed.I looked through the papers and found that there was no official presentation for three years.I’ve done more than enough to be disciplined.”
“But isn’t it a thing of the past, as Mr. Sina said?”The students I’m working with are Nade, Iruki and Shirone.The key is what kind of activities those kids do, who are second only to the class four.”Can you keep an eye on me a little bit more?In addition, the Psychic Science Research Society is a fairly traditional research group at Alpeas School of Witchcraft and Wizardry.I understand that Mr. Gauld, the president of the Witchcraft Society, is also from there.”
=======================================

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-510.txt
=============YYYYY=============
[510] Backwind of Evil (4)
“There is a concept of symmetry to the Akashic Records, which were thought to be whole. concept outside the law. In other words, complete chaos.”
“okay.”
The smile on Woorin’s lips disappeared.
“Because I didn’t understand the chaos, I initialized everything called.”
When Gando looked at him with a puzzled expression, Uorin walked over to the table and took out the papers.
A thick file folder was placed in front of Gando.
Erase Anchera.
One of the most highly secure secrets in the world, possibly passed down only to Theraze’s official successor.
When Gando found it difficult to even look at him, let alone touch his hand, Uorin made a hand gesture and said,
“Read it. Because I have something to help you with.”
“Yes, then… … .”
Gando did not have the ability to accept the contents of a 200-page document in its entirety.
“You only need to read the last three pages.”
As Gando said he was obedient, each letter rushed like a shock wave in Gando’s pupils.
My saliva went down and my hands trembled.
“Now this is… … .”
“okay. This is the whole story of Ankera trying to reset the world and erase herself.”
“But doesn’t Ra still exist?”
“That’s where the variables came from. As long as Satan is not eliminated, the same result will only be repeated no matter how many times it is reset. Therefore, the point at which the Ankera eradication will be implemented will be after the extinction of Satan. That’s why I decided to repeat the world once again, even though I won the final war of Ra.”
Wu Lin continued to explain.
“Even for normal humans, traces of the reset remain, albeit minutely. That’s déjà vu. Theraze, as mitochondrial Eve, can almost completely restore that déjà vu.”
“That’s what we call the base case.”
“okay. Based on the analysis of the underlying event, we are currently living in a world after the second reset has been implemented. That is, the halfway point to where the second reset took place, repeating all the same steps.”
Gando imagined an imaginary timeline in his head.
Once reset, the world goes ‘off’.
Then, when something amplifies the world and goes back to the point of reset, one cycle is completed.
‘Now is the halfway point of that cycle. That said, we still haven’t gotten to the point where Ankera did his second reset.’
Perhaps that point is right before the end of the final war.
However, the future is changing with Theraze’s invasion.
“As it is, when will the final war take place?”
“The first reset period, that is, the time when the last war occurred in the era of Guffin Eradication, is six months from now. As usual, the archangel named Kariel destroys the space-time of the maze by now, and the maze dies. But as you know, the second reset, Anchera Eradication, is different. Because I added a variable.”
One of those variables was Gando.
The reason why he was created in Mystra’s stomach during the era of Ankera Eradication, and the reason why he was raised as a spy in Tormia after leaving his mother’s arms since he was born… … .
“To send Gaold to Heaven. By sending him to heaven, you created a different future from Guffin Eradication.”
“okay. After Ra attempted his second reset in anticipation of Satan’s annihilation, Thera Ze agonized over this for hundreds of years. Then, my predecessor, Mystra, remembered an incident 20 years ago during the eradication of the Guffin.”
Memories of that time flashed in Uorin’s mind.
In order not to let go of the maze, Gaold’s hair turned white while forcibly breaking through the camp of the law.
The monstrous screams he had uttered seemed to still be heard vividly in my ears.
“That’s when I realized. That’s it! If this is a man who can sacrifice everything for Miro, he might bring us a special variable.”
Uorin clicked with her fingers and smiled.
Of course, it wasn’t something she experienced.
* * *
The ever-growing face of Satan pierced the sky.
Even the tallest mountain range in Heaven was no more than his shoulder height.
“Oohhhh!”
If mountains move with life and will, how much destruction will this world have to endure?
Satan really felt like he had become a great mountain.
Everything under her eyes looked so insignificant.
Kururrureung!
Every time Satan took a step, the structure of the jebul collapsed like a sand castle.
The presence of Etella, who was now firing a series of hits at 700 meters in the sky, was invisible.
“Huh! Whoa!”
Cold tears flowed from her eyes as she quickly punched her fists while her body was lifted up by external gravity.
helplessness.
He pushed the waves with all his might, but as Satan’s body grew bigger, the shockwaves also spread in vain.
‘Don’t give up! No, I can’t give up!’
After being defeated by Arcane, the determination that has grown stronger is that he will never again succumb to the power of evil.
Awesome! Awesome!
After thousands of punches, bones began to break, but she continued to attack.
What is more terrifying than breaking the body is breaking the faith.
“Why, why, why!”
Does evil inexorably grow stronger?
Is this world really a place ruled by evil rather than good?
-If everyone is good… … .
I heard the master’s voice.
“There will be no chaos in the world. However, someone is trying to break the silence by using the chaos. The ways of evil are easy, hedonistic, and efficient.”
Ethella, who had been kneeling and listening, raised her head.
a fourteen-year-old child.
She was a young girl with a youthful appearance and wearing large glasses, but her eyes were shining with a holy will of goodness.
“But there is another reason why they choose evil.”
“What is it, Master?”
“Because you look strong.”
At the unexpected words, Ethella blinked.
“Yeah, I don’t understand. But that’s because you are truly strong. A strong person is not swayed by evil. It’s weak, so I’m looking for another way. So remember, Ethella. If one good can prevent a hundred evils, then good is stronger than evil.”
“Yaaaaaa!”
Thousands Arms Guanyin lightning strike speed increased.
The moment his fists were smashed to the point where they could no longer be used, an evil blow struck Satan’s body.
‘A thunderbolt field!’
Wow!
Satan’s skin rippled and spread like waves.
However, the ripples came back as if time had turned back, and Etella was pushed back with a pop and shock.
“why… … !”
Etela’s body fell from a height of hundreds of meters.
“Why eh eh eh eh!”
In front of an unacceptable reality, Etella trembled with a sense of helplessness.
‘I’m sorry, Master. I’m not strong.’
Etela’s body was accelerating towards the ground at a terrifying speed in the terrible feeling of faith collapsing.
Cheolryunan – Equilibrium.
As air resistance increased enormously, the speed of the fall was significantly reduced.
Sparks flew in Etella’s eyes as she fell to the ground with a thud, but the shock was not enough to tear her limbs apart.
‘how?’
After waiting for a while without grasping the situation, Sein ran from afar and looked down at Etella.
“Are you okay?”
“Mr. Sein.”
“Sorry for being late. Ingris has business to do.”
Ethella turned around and stood up, supporting the ground with her elbows.
Pain surged from his knuckles belatedly, but it wasn’t a situation to care about.
“If it’s Ingris, Armin-san will go… … .”
“okay. But the reason we went was not because of the coordinates.”
“we?”
At that moment, Etella looked behind Sein’s back.
Arius, who had his eyes closed with a bandage, crawled with his tongue out like a dog, and a woman walked by holding on to the leash that was put on him.
“Mr. Miro.”
“Is that Satan? You look really ugly.”
Miro, who covered the sun with her palm, looked up at Satan with an expression as if she were watching animals at a zoo.
* * *
“Anyway, even the names of good and evil are nothing more than boundaries defined by humans.”
Uorin turned in front of the window.
“It already existed before humans called it evil. what kind of energy Or with the concept of chaos.”
“That chaos materialized is Satan.”
“Yes. Creatures born in the Akashic Records define what is outside the Akashic Records. That’s why Anke can’t defeat Satan, but humans can. step.”
Wu Lin returned to her seat and sat down.
“Only if the power that defines good is stronger than the power that defines evil. Indeed, between good and evil, what do humans define as right?”
“If evil triumphs, there will be no reset and no future for us. Was Gaold the variable that the Queen planned to annihilate Satan?”
Wu Lin shook her head.
“Heaven is not so easy. I made a mistake in terms of unity, but in the end, I was defeated even when the temple’s power was fully activated. Of course, Gaold is an excellent wizard. However, he is not an irreplaceable wizard. Gaold is just an opportunity to create a variable. There are other variables that can truly cause ripples in Heaven.”
A person’s face appeared in Gando’s mind.
“then… … .”
“Adrias Miro. She died in vain during the eradication of Guffin, but I thought that if she was old, I would be able to save her. I was trying to change her future through her.”
“Can she make it?”
“I don’t know. just have to believe But she said if she can’t she can’t anyone else. Anyway, the maze… … .”
Receiving the halo of sunlight, Uorin smiled.
“Because it’s the strongest ‘Bannya’ that mankind has produced.”
* * *
“What did you go to Ingris for?”
Sein gave a short answer to Etella’s question.
“To know the will of Ra.”
Early this morning, Sein, who gave each party member their own mission, met Miro again after dismantling the bomb in his head.
Before coming to heaven, to be precise, it was to confirm the identity of the sense of incongruity he felt when entering the space-time of the labyrinth in Istas of Alpheas Magic School.
When he entered with the expectation of a reunion and realized that there was no maze, Sein sensed a strange twist.
It’s a shame that no matter what you choose, it’s not true.
At the time, no one could explain the sensation, but I thought it would be different with the maze.
As expected, Miro sensed something as soon as he heard Sain’s words, and he investigated Ingris’s Akashic Records.
So at last they realized the true meaning of this war, what current they were being swept up in.
“This is the second reset. Another reset occurred after the erasure of the Guffin, and we are now in that timeline. This is the true identity of the sense of incongruity I felt at Eastas.”
Miro added.
“Sein adjusts the physical and emotional factors with the Iron Wheel. That’s why I was able to perceive the subtle errors of this world more clearly than others.”
Sein continued.
“The problem is that the world of the first reset and the current world may be completely different. Why did it have to be Estas? Because in the world of the first reset, our visit to Istas didn’t happen. In other words, events that did not exist in the world before are now happening. What it means is… … .”
Miro was told.
“Someone intentionally triggered the incident that sent Gaold to heaven. That is, to free me. Guess it roughly. There aren’t that many people who have the ability, power, and brain to calculate this far.”
“It’s Theraje.”
Etela had also heard Theraze’s secret from Gaold and others before coming to heaven.
“that’s right. He must have been planning everything since Judgment Day of the Twenty. There is only one purpose.”
Miro looked up at Satan who was destroying the world.
“To defeat that monster. Anke Ra gave humans a chance through Reset, and Theraze created that possibility. So, I feel very bad.”
Miro pursed her lips and moved on.
-Miro, stop now… … let’s go back
For a brief moment, a man’s face passed through her mind, and Miro’s eyes widened violently.
“Are these things playing with me?”
—————————————

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-511.txt
=============YYYYY=============
[511] Questions left behind (1)
“Huh! A lowly creature dares me… … me!”
The angels who had been hiding in various parts of Jebul under Ankera’s order were helplessly attacked by Karas.
Garas, who inherited the traits of Night Blind’s minions through the Fusex Machine, and Garas, who is currently trying to breed mercilessly from angels, are now completely different creatures.
It is because it has repeatedly evolved so ignorantly that it can be called a big explosion.
Leaving descendants in the bodies of angels, the highest-ranking creatures in the kingdom of heaven, is the optimal choice for maintaining the species.
The already strong desire to preserve the species soared without knowing the end, and because of that, the ability to reproduce was extinguished for all species except angels.
The shape of the Garas, which only craved angels, changed to a gigantic tadpole and increased its number through cell division.
Just by touching the body, the angels fertilized the seeds of Garas, and even if they were removed by force, they somehow passed on their information through self-destruction.
“To be put to shame like this… … !”
The angels chose to perish on their own, and the number of individuals gradually decreased as they did so.
“Kiaaaagh!”
A group of Garas that filled the corridor were burned without even a trace by the brilliance emitted from Rayel, the archangel of light.
“Crack! Clara Rock!”
Satiel, the archangel of decomposition, took over and disintegrated the last remaining body of Garras down to the molecular level.
I know that something like glass will never touch my body, but it was frightening to see it fly.
“Disgusting things. How dare you scorn an angel?”
“It’s not an alien quarantined species for nothing. Anyway, the situation is serious. I’ve already lost half of my angel’s power.”
Anke Ra is waiting for Satan to be destroyed.
Now that they realized that fact, what the two archangels had to do was to keep as many angels alive as possible.
There is also the problem of planning the future, but when Satan’s power becomes stronger, it is not even reset and it is over.
“It’s pitiful.”
What was most upsetting was the fact that most of the angels were choosing extinction.
‘I was too arrogant.’
Recalling the human battle to find hope in despair, Satiel rethought the meaning of the angelic symbol of the sublime.
Whoops!
At that time, a roar came from the gateway of Araboth, which was in contact with the Buddha.
Satiel’s face wrinkled as he looked down.
Rebels were entering Arrabot.
“Corsair! Advance! Victory is right around the corner!”
“Punish Ra!”
The rebels, who had been defeated only an hour ago, had a sharp turn in the war.
This is because the Maras, who belonged to the angels, disappeared as the angels disappeared.
Holding on to that little ember of hope, the rebels broke through the walls of Arabot.
‘I see hope!’
Anger at the loss of a comrade and determination to win the war stood in everyone’s eyes.
But the rebels didn’t know.
The existence of God’s punishment falling towards the center of heaven even at this moment.
Time left until the destruction of Heaven.
3 minutes 21 seconds.
* * *
Satan went around destroying all the buildings in Jebul.
It was so huge that there was no need to target anyone.
The place he was going to was ruins and the end.
“This is interesting.”
A pitiful world viewed from a high place, weak and pitiful beings who would be crushed by the mere touch of their feet.
“Quack. Ha ha ha!”
Satan’s laughter was louder than thunder, and the air trembled, making the mountains and rivers and trees vibrate.
“How far do you plan to grow?”
Ikael’s triad, Mara Ashur, was watching Satan’s self-indulgence with the giant corps leader Girshin.
“I’m on par with Ymir in strength alone.”
Besides, since he was a being outside of the law, there was nothing he could do until Ra’s will was invoked.
Girshin did not show off his bluff in front of Satan’s armed force.
“Definitely strong. I won’t be able to compete either. but… … .”
Girshin turned to Ashur and widened his eyes.
“Don’t you dare compare with his might.”
Ashur’s signal was strong enough to break the balance of the triangular mara, but to Girshin, Ymir was always the strongest.
Truly strong is a strength in which relativity cannot exist.
The only one who reached that level was Ymir in Heaven.
* * *
“Stand back. I will.”
Etella blocked Maze from approaching Satan.
Miro’s face, which he confirmed as if he was stealing, was extremely cold, unlike his appearance so far.
“what? Anything to say?”
“Oh, me too… … .”
Etella hurriedly came to her senses, but in the end was unable to speak.
Even the thunderbolt of the Thousand-Handed Guanyin could not even shock Satan’s body.
The will to defeat any evil was shattered before Satan.
Miro looked down at Etella’s broken fist.
A person’s hand cannot reach that level unless they wield it with extreme determination.
“I don’t mean to blame you. You can’t fight with those fists anyway, can you?”
Ethella bit her lip and swallowed the bunru.
‘What is a follower of good? What is a monk fighting for the world.’
As much as the strong conviction, the sense of helplessness came as big.
A labyrinth passed through the path that Etella had opened.
I clasped my hands together, flipped it over and pushed it out, and my shoulders and elbows made a popping sound.
As I approached him, bending his neck from side to side, Satan turned his head.
‘what?’
Because the kidney pierced the sky, it was a distance that could never be confirmed with the naked eye, but strangely, it was clear that the maze was approaching.
With an aura that is temperamentally different from Ethella. Satan’s unreasonable malice burned like fire.
“Quack! What else is this?”
Woo woo woo woo!
When Satan struck down the soles of his feet, a radius of 100 meters was devastated.
Sein, who took Etella and avoided the seat, quickly cleared the dust cloud inside the iron wheel.
“A labyrinth?”
With the maze out of sight, Sein’s face suddenly turned pale as he expanded the spirit zone.
“You’re crazy.”
The location of the labyrinth felt through synesthesia was under Satan’s soles.
“Hoo?”
When Satan put on a puzzled expression and raised his foot, the figure of Miro with a hand sign on his right hand was revealed.
The soles of his feet, which had stepped on the maze, were dented, but compared to his huge body, it was not a pain.
“It’s funny, human. How dare you stand against me, the personification of evil.”
“Is it funny? What is this now?”
Miro, who had been coldly glaring at Satan, laughed as if he had never done that before.
“No, what’s really funny is your ugly face.”
Krrrr.
A harsh sound came from Satan’s teeth-baring throat.
“Ghahahahaha!”
But the next moment, anger turned into madness, and all the humans on the ground covered their ears.
“What an insignificant human being!”
At some point, Satan stopped laughing and glared at the maze with eyes burning with fire.
It was the first time he revealed his intent to kill a single target.
“We have to stop!”
Sein grabbed the shoulder of Etella who was about to throw herself.
“wait. Miro will have an idea.”
“I know how strong Mr. Miro is. But scale magic won’t work on Satan.”
Satan is outside the law.
The only thing that can destroy that absolute chaos is a will strong enough to change the law.
“You don’t know the maze very well yet.”
Sein looked back at the maze.
“I built a dimensional wall to protect humanity. Because he was the only one who could do it. But Miro wasn’t originally that kind of person. For us, her space-time in the labyrinth would have been a huge blessing, but she would have been more like a shackle to her.”
Ethella couldn’t believe it at first.
The space-time of the labyrinth is the extreme that a scale wizard can reach.
If even that level is just shackles, can such a person really be called a human being?
“Then what kind of person is Mr. Miro?”
“To be honest, I don’t know either. How to define that sleazy woman.”
Ethella’s face turned into an absurd expression.
“But one thing is certain.”
As if emphasizing the curvature of the body, Sein pulled his pelvis out and looked at Miro, who was in a three-legged posture.
“The labyrinth I went through is a person who can do anything a human being can dream of.”
Even in front of Satan’s overwhelming body, Miro was smiling relaxedly rather than being intimidated.
“Whoops, I will do another one.”
“Oohhhh!”
At her, Satan roared and raised his fist to the top of his head.
This time will be different.
If you crush it with all your might, even the world’s labyrinth is nothing more than a small object.
Just as he was about to throw his fist down with such confidence, Satan’s movements flinched and his eyes widened.
A mysterious aura was emanating from Miro’s body.
The energy shimmering like a haze gradually condensed in the air, and finally the incarnation began to materialize.
Hwashin’s face, which was tinged with calm blue light, looked calm, and a young smile formed at the corner of his mouth.
Beyond the mind – Banya.
Ethella muttered with a blank expression.
“Nonsense.”
The afterimage of the incarnation was getting bigger and bigger.
Growing, growing, growing endlessly, beyond gigantism, it deserves to be called expansion.
The incarnation rose to the height of Satan.
Satan’s head, which had been silently watching, began to slowly raise its head toward the sky.
Finally, the incarnation of the labyrinth beyond the limits that can be seen with the naked eye has departed into outer space.
The size finally reached is approximately 128 times the size of the planet.
It was a situation where the whole sky was filled with the incarnation of the labyrinth, enough to be seen from anywhere in the hemisphere.
“Ah, ah… … .”
Arius knelt down and raised his hand toward the maze, shedding tears of emotion.
this is the labyrinth
Any human would become a mere insignificant existence in front of her.
The incarnation of Avalokiteshvara overlooking the whole world.
This was the reason why even Arius of the Seven Magicians, who was called the villain of the world, willingly lowered himself to the status of a dog.
‘This is the end.’
Miro, who had released the three-gok posture, drew a circle with both hands wide, and the huge incarnation moved in the same motion.
The world seemed to sway as the two arms of the incarnation, which stretched from end to end of the sky, moved.
“Thousands Arms Guanyin… … .”
Ethella’s voice trembled.
The two arms of the incarnation descending from the top of the head to the left and right differentiated at the smallest unit of time, leaving afterimages.
The sight of countless afterimages coming like tails and pushing toward Satan was the biggest realization in her life.
‘The power of incarnation… … .’
Concentrating her will with all her might, Miro put her palms together and raised her eyes wide.
‘Compress to one point!’
Banyabaramil – Paradise.
No sound, no smell, no form.
The fact that 180,000 palms were flying from left and right was all Satan could guess.
Realizing the serious crisis, Satan’s eyes quickly began to look left and right.
I didn’t know what kind of outcome awaited me, but I didn’t want to fall for that technique even if it meant selling my soul.
‘It must be avoided!’
But where?
The moment I realized, the power went out of Satan’s body.
“Damn it… … .”
Deed deed deed deed!
“Quaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!”
As the incarnation’s palms collided with the planet in between, 180,000 shockwaves rushed in at the same time.
Feeling the shock of crushing his whole body, Satan trembled like mad.
The intensity of the impact that the huge incarnation compressed into a single point was a sensation that could only be tasted at the end of the world.
Each cell of Satan’s body swelled up like a balloon, and the red skin became bumpy like embossing.
The body, distorted so badly that it lost its original shape, exploded with a popping sound and began to rapidly shrivel.
“Keeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee!”
An evil scream rips through the sky.
—————————————

=============ZZZZZ=============
