=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-1076.txt
=============YYYYY=============
Raid Control(3)
The light disappeared from Ergos’ pupils, and the legs that had been driven into the cave fell off one by one.
As the ground shook and crashed, the creatures lost control and began to run amok in all directions.
Kiik! Kiik!
Unable to receive an order to attack, they turned left and disappeared in an instant.
“Whoa.”
Sirone exhaled a long breath and saw a translucent box spinning in front of Ergos’ machine.
The reason why it has not been materialized is that the priority for acquiring items has not been set.
‘Michelan.’
I didn’t know much about high gear, but I knew by feel that it was an item I wanted.
Just as he was about to touch the old-fashioned box, a group of mafia came running.
“for a moment! Wait a minute!”
Dex Gamseong came to Sirone’s side and looked at the box with an expression of disbelief.
“It is real. It’s a true legend grade.” Probability is what it used to be, but I couldn’t believe it came out as a single challenge.
‘The only legendary item Ergos gives is Michelan. If you sell this, Eunha will go… …
0 raced through his head.
‘The Seoguk free pass is good, but Michelan is worth a lot more than that. If we eat this… …
Receiving Sirone’s gaze, he cleared his throat.
“Hmmm, the principle is to jointly distribute galaxies obtained through party hunting. However, since items such as items cannot be distributed, the actual
I am not embodied.”
“Priority?”
“There are two ways. specified by the user. Leave it to chance. I usually do a lot of electrons, but when reliability is low, I draw a card. The highest number is given priority, and if you give up ownership, it goes to the next order.”
“Then designate me number one. I’ll give you a Seoguk free pass if you let me get Natello too.”
It was promised that way in the first place, but the Mafia party had no choice but to wrinkle their faces.
‘I thought the legendary grade would come out for real
me.’
I saw Yahweh 2’s ability with my own eyes, but I couldn’t think that it would even control the probability.
“why? Don’t you want to give it all of a sudden?”
If you say it openly like this, no matter how materialistic you are, your face will burn.
Sona made a gesture of regret.
“No, to be honest! This is the jackpot of the jackpots, but isn’t it a bit disrespectful to eat alone? You have to make concessions at a reasonable level.”
The mafia helped.
“Ergos is also a C-type, and you were able to catch him because he had a chase pattern. You said you saw bullets and jumped over space. In the case of type B, it’s a defense type, so your attack wouldn’t have gone into the teeth.”
“Then what are we going to do? I need Michelan, what do you guys want? Galaxy?”
Fermi would buy it at any cost.
“Galactic addition to Seoguk Free Pass. If Donatello comes out, pay it to the galaxy.”
Even if I die and wake up, I won’t come out.
“okay. Then let me get Michelan for now. I’ll go out and contact the golden ring.”
Sona said.
“That’s not allowed. We’ll keep it and return it when we settle the bill. There is a possibility that the golden ring may refuse to pay the bill, and there is also a possibility that you will eat it and fly back to Dongguk.”
“It’s the same for everyone.” Sit down like the mafia’s hungry
did
“We cannot yield. Choose well. If you don’t set priority, you won’t be able to get out of here until you disconnect.”
It wasn’t enough that he broke his promise, so when he became persistent, Sirone gave up his standard.
“Okay, then let’s do this. It’s a matter of probability deciding who will take this.”
“huh?”
The mafia party turned their heads with a surprised expression.
“what’s the matter? Are you tidy? I heard that priority is given to the person with the highest card?”
“It is, but… …
It was a 7 to 1 situation.
‘Are you serious? Only one out of seven of us needs to be number one. No, no matter who you are, you only need someone with a hand higher than Yahweh 2.’
The mafia has risen.
“I accept it. In my opinion, that makes sense too. The others don’t object’?”
Each nodded.
“Then Yahweh2, you touch the box. If there is a way to prioritize, pick a random one.”
It was like asking him to touch an item he couldn’t eat, but Sirone obliviously obeyed.
When Random was selected, a card hand appeared in augmented reality and was distributed to the party one by one.
“Now, let’s see.”
Everyone opened their cards, and Sona clenched her fists and burst into cheers.
“Oh yea! kn!”
“Oh, that’s a high pitch. congratulations.”
The reason why his colleagues couldn’t laugh out loud was that even Sona didn’t fully trust him.
‘It’s really bloody.’
After licking her lips, Sirone stared intently at the flashing card in front of her eyes.
“What are you doing? come on open it no time.” In the state of concentration, Sirone’s senses became sharper, and the true intentions of this world flooded in.
‘It’s here.’
Quantum signals, in other words, opened the hand at the point chosen by the mind, and the atmosphere cooled.
“Eh, are you Ace?”
The mafia party showed their faces as if they couldn’t believe it even though they saw it with their own eyes.
“Uh, what an ace. uh? this ace… …
Thinking they still need them, Sirone put on a bright smile.
“haha! Are you really lucky today? Isn’t that how you get Donatello in one day?”
A system message popped up.
-The item acquisition priority has been determined. 1st place Yahweh 2, 2nd place Sona, 3rd place… … .
” Acquisition.”
As the box materialized, parts in the form of gloves carved from wood were held in Sirone’s hand.
‘ tree?’
It was a unique material in high gear.
“you! that… …
The moment Sona was about to speak, the inside of the cave lit up and was covered with a pale glow.
– The event has ended.
When her eyesight returned, she was in front of Ergos’s holy ground before she knew it.
Sona hurriedly continued.
“you! Don’t install it now! Once equipped, trading is impossible!”
It was a characteristic of a legendary item.
“mounting.”
“ah… …
When Sirone chose to mount it, Michelan cracked and light came out.
The shape was destroyed with a popping sound, and light particles covered Yahweh2’s right arm.
“This?”
The light disappeared, and an ivory-colored metal gauntlet replaced the right hand.
Sona shook her head.
‘Oh, that’s crazy. Attribution doesn’t even come out as loot. Doesn’t this really stand out?’
When a good item came out, it was also common to kill users and acquire loot.
“By the way, how do you write this?”
Now, I wondered if even such an innocent question was making fun of them.
“Haa, it’s a legendary item at level 100. After becoming a ranker, equip it. What are you going to do because it would be a pity if you got stabbed?”
“I can’t help it then. Anyway this… …
When Sirone held out Michelan, the mafia group showed interest and approached.
It was the first time I actually saw it.
“Legendary items have something in common. That, once acquired, is not in metallic form. If equipped, trading is impossible. And that it produces performance independent of output.”
Sirone nodded.
‘Performance that has nothing to do with output. That’s why Fermi was obsessed with legendary items.’
“And the Michelan gun… …
Sona grabbed Michelan with both hands and turned it around to check its function.
There was a concave lens in the palm of the hand.
“Ah, I guess this is it. From what I’ve heard, Michelan is a photon modulator. They say light has destructive power.”
Sirone’s eyes narrowed.
‘It’s a photon cannon.’
After hearing the explanation, Sirone put her palms up and activated the parts, and the lens light came on.
“uh? uh huh?”
The mafia party hurriedly backed away and looked at the smoke of light gathering on their palms.
“wow.”
It was strange to see the light moving, but so far it didn’t look particularly threatening.
Sona pointed to the light and said.
“This is difficult. As with all legendary items, it’s not about powering itself, it’s about manipulating something. Skill is more important than level.”
So the output is ignored.
“Hmm, that’s right.”
Mafia clicked his tongue as Sirone stirred the smoke of light and learned to sense it.
“I told you not to wear it like that. Now that I can’t hand it over to the guild, what should I do? Still, the unconditional settlement… …
At that moment, everyone’s eyes widened.
‘It must be like this.’
As he recalled the sensation of the Photon Cannon, the smoke of light began to compress into a sphere in an instant.
“That, what is that?”
The fierce light seemed to explode at any moment.
“It’s compressed light. I don’t know what principle it is in high gear, but anyway… …
When Sirone held out Michelan with a feeling of ejection, the flash hit a distant rock.
Woooooooooooooooooooooooooh!
There was a roar, and a gust of wind rushed in, revealing a hollow in the ground.
“oh my god.”
Everyone opened their mouths wide.
“Is the light exploding? Isn’t that a missile?”
The power may vary depending on the precision of compression, but it was a great strength that there was no restriction on bullets.
Sirone clenched his fists.
‘it’s okay. I got one.’
It was a knife that could stab the operator.
The mafia party, who were still looking at the destroyed place, hurriedly changed their expressions.
“Anyway, congratulations. Your skills seem certain. So now only the settlement remains? Could you please contact the golden ring now?”
“no. The settlement is after finding Donatello. Let’s go to the next hunting ground quickly.”
Dex Sensitivity shouted.
“hey! Where is that? Do you want to know when Donatello will come out and stay with us until then?”
“It was a promise from the beginning. I’ve violated everything so far, so keep this at least. Otherwise, my settlement will be invalid.”
“Ugh!”
The disadvantage now was the Mafia.
‘shit! got it right If this guy jumps out into Dongguk like this, we won’t get anything.’ Sona asked with tears in her eyes. “If you find Donatello, it really pays off.
will you give it? Are you making a promise right here, huh?”
‘They break it like they’re eating.’
He muttered inwardly, but the initiative had already passed to Sirone.
‘I don’t like bumping into other Seoguk users.’
After making a decision, Sirone said while installing a booster from the selective option.
“okay. So let’s go back to democracy. I’ll wait for you where the mid gear is.” When the booster was activated, the rocket engine was ignited and Yahweh 2’s body was launched into the sky.
“… … They are gone.”
They realized the reality in that their hearts sank the moment they left without looking back.
“shit! I thought you were naive, but you have venom. Wait, that guy didn’t run away, did he?”
Dex Gamseong gritted his teeth and said.
“I said I would wait in mid gear, so I have no choice but to believe it. Even if only Michelan was settled, the whole part could be raised several levels. You can’t give up here, can you?” “really? Even Donatello?” She said as Sona activated her booster while sighs leaked from here and there.
“Let’s start at once. Our output is high, so if we chase after it now, we won’t miss it.”
Everyone who heard the words took off at full speed.
Cuckoo Cuckoo Cuckoo!
Sirone looked behind at the roar and confirmed that the mafia was following in the distance.
‘That’s why I have to use my heart carefully.’ Her tongue stuck out.

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-1077.txt
=============YYYYY=============
Raid Control(4)
Arriving in Democracy, Sirone hears shocking news from the mafia.
“what? You can only challenge one type of Mythic level hunting ground per day?”
Sona said.
“okay. Initializes at 24:00 system time. The same hunting ground can be challenged multiple times, but the ‘Conceived Moon’ event is only possible after midnight.
hey.”
Without these restrictions, most of the users would have been driven to mythical hunting grounds.
“Usually, it’s standard to form a party and try to target one spot, and if you don’t like it, give up and go to a normal hunting ground.”
said the mafia.
“Anyway, you have to wait until midnight to go to the lunar conception. I’d rather contact the golden ring now… …
“Then see you then.”
After stopping, Sirone entered the mid-gear charging station.
‘I have to pass it by midnight.’
If I stayed with them outside anyway, it would only lead to a pointless argument.
“I will recharge.”
After paying the bill with a credit card and entering mid-gear, the wires were connected.
‘It must start as soon as I wake up.’
It would be a fleeting moment for Sirone, but outside, time was still passing.
The mafia party staying in front of the charging station couldn’t swallow their own minutes.
“damn! You keep getting attracted to that guy. Are you really going to go on like this? What if you change your mind later?”
said the mafia.
“Let’s put it on the bulletin board. With the title of obtaining a legendary grade item. Since it is the No. 1 guild in Dongguk, you won’t be able to cheat. It’s minimal insurance.”
Sona said.
“Then I will upload it. There is a recorded video.”
While she was updating the video, Dex Gam turned to Mafia and said.
“I didn’t know that I would equip the legendary grade without looking back. He’s probably the one who pushes the guild in earnest, but you can’t make mistakes in the conception of the moon.”
“Do you really think there will be another legendary grade? It’s best to just hang out together for a day or so and then make a formal proposal to the gold ring.”
“I feel a bit strange. right? If you’re lucky, that’s too good. I searched the bulletin board on the way home, and there are also rumors that there are bugs or something. Of course, since I came out with no charges at the management meeting, I have nothing more to say.”
“Hmm.”
Mafia thought for a long time.
“Then let’s do this.”
The next contents were made by communication, and the attitude of the party who heard the words changed.
Sona said then.
“Wow, guys. Come in and see the bulletin board.” Her video recorded over 1,300 views within 5 minutes of being updated.
‘ done.’
In the unlikely event that Yahweh 2 cheated, at least public opinion would take their side.
Crackle, crackle.
The engine ran non-stop in the huge factory installed 500 meters underground.
The sky was just pitch black, and the background was not visible despite the sparks flying everywhere.
Boss creature manufacturing plant.
This area was not updated in High Gear, and was the main activity stage of Operator Number Seven.
“Pooh! There really is no end.”
While welding atop an unfinished mechanical monster, he extinguished his torch and stood up.
It was a machine specialized for factory work, and No.7 was written on the back of the shoulder guard.
“Anyway, my taste is peculiar.” When the document was pulled into augmented reality, the portfolio provided by the operator was displayed.
“How to fit this into the date of the new update. He plays every day.”
Aircraft completed here are officially updated through the test server.
In the test server, errors were mainly corrected, which was repetitive and tedious to the point of vomiting.
Why stay up all night… … .
“A pervert, I am.”
It was because the operator who was dealing with the aircraft he had created was more immersed than ever.
‘How did you get entangled with a kid like this?’ At first, I was intrigued, then I was fascinated by the operator’s excellent design ability.
‘That’s why I’m more annoyed.’ Her image of herself swayed by her delusions of an adolescent girl is superimposed on reality.
‘I ran away.’
Number Seven was an under coder addict.
It’s hard to deal with people (especially women), so I don’t even know when I’ve been living here.
“Ah, Mr. I don’t know. I’ll just do this and stop. I have to go out and dig a room.”
– Hit news.
A message appeared on Number Seven’s augmented reality.
“What, you’re busy.”
It was also the responsibility of the operator, so he turned off the torch again and opened the bulletin board.
“Wow, the number of views exceeded 10,000?” He didn’t even move until the video ended.
The video is over.
“what?”
It was revealed at the management meeting that Yahweh 2 has a special sense of space as well as time.
However, even taking that into consideration, I did not readily understand this case.
‘Acquire Michelan in one challenge
profit?’
Of course it is possible.
However, the problem was that the person concerned was Yahweh 2, which had been causing a lot of gossip.
‘Log search.’
Numerous signals in the language of the Undercoder passed through his retinas.
‘It’s not a bug. No traces of illegal programs. It’s obviously a probabilistic result. but… …
The march of signals suddenly stopped.
‘This segment. Couldn’t we have taken care of Ergos sooner? The delay is slightly longer than the response of the average user. It feels like you’re aiming for something.’
Number Seven suddenly raised his head and asked back.
“Is that possible?”
Probability is probability.
Even if you say you know random number algorithms to the level of a designer, you are just leaving it to chance.
‘Even if I do, I can’t get it right. How do you know when a certain result will come out?’
he murmured again.
“pattern.”
Creating perfect random numbers is next to impossible.
‘If you roll infinite dice, symmetry is destroyed and personality is created. What we call the designer’s intention. Unconscious, deeper than that.’
His face changed seriously.
‘But to get there, the amount of information you’d have to process would be equal to the universe. It can’t be counted. You don’t even have a quantum calculator in your head… Huh?’
I stopped thinking for a moment.
‘… … What type of calculator is that? It’s probably not a logical operation. like… … yes sure! A kind of feeling for a particular outcome.’
Number Seven checked the log again.
‘As expected, the firewall was not breached. Therefore, it is not incarnation. But another… …
It is incarnation.
‘Damn it, that was a pun. If realizing something in reality is incarnation, the same can be applied here. This guy is adapting to high gear at an incredible speed.’
Also, if this hypothesis is true, the real world cannot be free from simulation.
What is a perfect world?
Number Seven, who recalled their initial purpose, downloaded all the logs about Yahweh 2.
‘Who the hell are you?’
It was not the operator’s authority.
Ascension Guild.
After the mafia party posted the video on the bulletin board, those who were most indignant were the members of the Ascension Guild.
Tae Dae-chun, codename, chewed on the e-cigarette.
“The Holy Land of Ergos? That’s where Ascension 3 is controlling! How did Yahweh 2 enter a place that is not allowed to enter without a pass?” Codename Yagui said.
“There is another problem. Michelan’s came out. Even though our guild took turns working on it, only two of the items we were able to obtain were passed on to Dongguk.”
The code name Rubymix spread its arms as if it were absurd.
“After checking, they said they used the Seoguk Free Pass. Even in Ascension, it’s a card managed by 1st Jin. In short, a traitor is here right now.”
A light came on in Taedaecheon’s one eye.
“No way. How fiercely did you fight with Dongguk in the Battle of the Sun? There’s no one who goes beyond the galaxy. Who the hell would throw away their pride and do something else like that?”
“But the results speak for themselves. He is also a member of Yahweh 2, Dongguk’s strongest golden ring. It is an event that cannot be overlooked.”
the ghost asked
“Then who is it, the traitor?”
“Everybody knows.” In the silence, Ruby Mix spat out.
“Little witch. The subscription period is the shortest, and even in the solar war, they always act unexpectedly. He never made a mistake, but he always chills our conversation.”
Taehyung stroked his chin.
“At first I thought it was stupid. It’s not a case where your personality is covered by your skills. I need to confirm.”
Yagwi asked the operator.
“What do you think, Captain? Honestly, the one who doubts the little witch the most is the captain.” She chose silence.
“Okay, let’s go find it without having to wait. If you’re a traitor, you’ll have to be prepared.”
The door opened at the time Taedaecheon spoke.
“Did you call me?”
It was a little witch.
“I think I heard my code name outside. what’s the matter? The atmosphere is nasty.”
“you you… …
I said it around because there was no physical evidence, but in fact, all of them were in a state of solidification.
‘That guy is a traitor.’
While Tae Daecheon was smoking a cigarette, the little witch approached the operator.
“What do you have to say to me?”
After exchanging glances for a while, the operator finally opened her small lips.
“??????no.”
Then he said as he walked to the door.
“I’ll go out for a while. I got something to do
west.”
“Hmm.”
The little witch, who saw the operator off with her eyes, sighed and looked back.
“Little witch.”
Before I knew it, three guild members were hitting the wall.
“I like to be honest. Seoguk Free Pass, did you hand that over to Yahweh 2?”
“Yeah, I gave it to you. Why?”
“what!”
Rubymix shouted.
“Do you know what you did? You handed over a legendary grade item to the enemy! Are you still ascending?”
“Ah, balancing it, balance. The operator is too strong. To be honest, if it wasn’t him, you guys were pushed back by Dongguk right away. What are you doing to win so ugly?”
Tae Daecheon took out a mechanical greatsword.
“Now you are showing your true colors. Knowing that she is a spy from Dongguk, she will not end well.”
“Oh, what are you going to do?”
“I recorded the confession video. get down on your knees Dismantle all parts. It won’t let you put your foot in high gear. Even you can’t handle 3 rankers.”
Yagwi and Rubymix also pulled out their own weapons.
“anyway.”
The little witch passed between them casually and sat down on the sofa, crossing her legs.
“So you guys are not. You have to make a hit, a hit. Wouldn’t it be fun if only you guys ate alone?”
“Is the will over?”
The guild member stopped walking when the little witch made her hand look like a gun and aimed it at it.
“… … what are you doing?”
“gun. This is a gun shooting simulation. don’t come close I’ll shoot you
Are you?”
“haha. Kkkkkkkkk.”
Tae Dae-chun’s eyes, which shook his shoulders, turned on electricity.
“crazy… …
Just as he raised his greatsword and took a stance, the little witch bent her elbow and made a noise.
“Phee!”
Tae Dae-chun flinched.
But nothing happened, and Ruby Mixes and Ah-gui stared at each other in dismay.
The little witch tilted her head.
“uh? why not?”
“this person… … !”
Feeling ashamed at the fact that he had flinched for a moment, Tae Dae-chun screamed and charged.
“Where is this dog!”
The moment the greatsword with the booster was thrust down towards the crown of the little witch.
“Pyu!”
“Ouch!”
Tae Dae-chun, who had a seizure as if he had been electrocuted, fell to the floor.
“hey! Taedaecheon!”
Ruby Mix and Yagwi hurriedly approached, but before they could touch them, they disappeared.
‘Connection lost. forcibly… … She turned her head at her eerie feeling, and her little witch held her finger pistol to her mouth.
“how is it? Kill my gun?”

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-1078.txt
=============YYYYY=============
fully armed (1)
Realizing that it was not a joke for the first time, Ruby Mix and Yagwi hesitated.
“Uh, how did you do it?”
Of course I know.
Sudden disconnection during an attack means that there was an accident in real life.
However, the problem was how the little witch found the real Taedaecheon.
‘Operators also disclose the user’s identity
don’t do it No, there is no such thing as a god. This is an under coder.’
While the two people’s minds were getting complicated, the little witch received a long-distance communication.
– Empress, I woke you up. kill?
It was codenamed 987392.
A Kashan soldier secretly hiding in High Gear, he was in charge of relaying communications.
-it’s okay. scare me moderately However, when you reconnect, your attitude will have to be different.
-All right.
Communication was lost.
‘I didn’t expect to use this method.’ After joining the Ascendant Guild, Urin attached surveillance to the elements of High Gear.
It wasn’t that he had a ulterior motive, he just did it because it was easy to do.
‘Though things are different now.’
To enjoy the battle of the sun with Sirone, he still had to join the Ascension Guild.
Then the door opened and Tae Dae-chun entered.
If you disconnected from within the guild, the starting point was your mid gear.
As Ruby Mix and Yagwi secretly opened the way, Tae Daecheon approached the little witch.
His knees bent slowly.
“I was wrong… …
“Ah, that’s all right.”
Uorin held out her hand.
“Why did you do that? What is this? I have no ill feelings toward you either.”
Tae Daecheon stretched his knees again and asked.
“What can I do?”
“Just do what you do. Don’t just tackle what I’m doing. Anyway, I also plan to win the Battle of the Sun.”
“All right.”
“Take it easy. Is it awkward?”
“??????okay.”
Rubymix and Yagwi were just watching.
‘Tae Dae-cheon is the most aggressive in the Ascension Guild, what the hell happened outside?’
The little witch pointed her finger.
The intensity of the pressure was different from before, and the upper bodies of the guild members flinched.
“Pyu.”
She said.
“Look out.”
After being unable to move for a while, they slowly turned around and left in a line.
The little witch looked up at the ceiling.
“You have to win.”
If Sirone asks for help, he will help even by killing all of High Gear.
‘It can’t be.’
There was nothing rough about her, who endured for an eternity just to take over Sirone.
‘Even if I have to sell my soul to the devil.’
She burst into laughter and asked herself in a self-deprecating voice.
“Does it have a soul?”
Democracy, midnight.
– Charging of the high gear is complete.
The mid gear door opened.
Sirone slowly opened her eyes and looked at the inside of the charging station, which had become dark.
It was only a fleeting moment, but it felt like coming back from a long dream.
‘The brain in a vat.’
Of course I had no memory.
When I turned my head, the mafia party didn’t go anywhere and was guarding the area.
Sona has arrived.
“it’s over? Then let’s start slowly.” After getting out of mid gear, Sirone left the selective option on and asked.
“Where do I go to get Donatello?”
“Conceived by the moon. Also called moon island. It’s an island in the sea, so you need to use a booster. Fitting the constant speed driving mode in the selective option would help.”
When Sirone, who skillfully changed options, left the charging station, a large number of people gathered.
It was the people who gathered after seeing the bulletin board.
“wow! It’s a real Michelan thing!” Interest was at its peak because it was a legendary level item that was difficult to access even with video.
A reporter appeared out of nowhere.
“This is Hit Dahit, a private reporter in the West Country! As far as I know, you’re currently level 100, so why did you equip Michelan? Wasn’t it a waste?”
The mafia intervened.
“Sheesh! who isn’t Anyway, we’re done with the settlement. I’ll upload a certification video, so watch it.”
Later, the ring of gold was to drive a wedge so that the words could not be changed, but the reporter did not care.
What is important now is the position of Yahweh 2.
“Tell me something. Currently, all users of High Gear are focusing on Yahweh 2’s progress.”
“uh… …
When Sirone tried to speak, the buzz disappeared like a lie.
“I just installed it without thinking. After all, it was obtained through hunting, so I was thinking of using it.”
The reporter was dazed at the bland answer.
“Rather than that, there is something I want to say to the operator.”
“Oh, of course!” At the words that followed, the atmosphere rose again, and the reporter checked the recording status again.
“To all users who are watching the news right now, it seems that Yahweh 2 will make a shocking declaration.”
It was an open fact that the Golden Wheel and Ascension were involved in Yahweh2’s actions.
Most of all, it was shocking that a user from Dongguk acquired Michelan in a hunting ground in Seoguk.
“You can say anything. All users of High Gear are rooting for you. Is this a ticket to the solar war? Or a personal sword battle?”
“When I first came here, I communicated with the operator. We had a bit of a fight. He said something bad.”
People whispered.
“Did you communicate with the operator?” Numerous stories were mass-produced in their heads, and gradually the strands were caught.
The reporter shrugged his shoulders.
‘Personal grudge. That’s why I went into the golden ring. to get revenge! This time, it’s a hungry child.’
The best news of the day was by far his own.
“But as I played, I came to understand the operator to some extent. Why she was so confident, why she was mad at me.”
“huh?”
“Of course, there are still beliefs that cannot be yielded, but I want to take this opportunity to correct my misunderstanding. Operator-san, I’m sorry about that.”
Sirone looked straight at the reporter as if the operator were right in front of her.
“I am having fun. you say… … You have created a wonderful world.”
People’s faces became blank.
“That is all. Then I’m running out of time.”
As soon as Sirone left, the mafia group quickly followed in order not to miss them. The reporter who had been standing there for a long time came to his senses and made a closing comment.
“This is shocking in another way. Yahweh apologized to the operator2. What really happened between the two? Also, the operator said Yahweh 2’s remarks… …
Ascension Guild.
-Also, how will the operator accept Yahweh 2’s remarks? With the relationship between the West and the East in a labyrinth, the Battle of the Sun is approaching.
The operator was sitting on the runway
Her eyes flashed as she listened to the news with her wrist resting on her bent knee.
– That Hit Dahit will continue to track the situation between the two guilds and deliver them to you. That concludes today’s urgent news.
The light in the eyeballs flickered as if they were getting farther away.
After a moment of thought, she got up and walked to the end of the runway.
she murmured softly.
“Sirone.”
The person who became the motive of Michelan Gun.
Her new model, which had been examining the night sky revealing a thin neckline, disappeared as if evaporating.
A slender silhouette floated in the center of the moon.
West Sea.
The mafia party, flying over the sea with their rocket engines on fire, was silent.
It was a complicated feeling.
‘It’s going to go, but what is the probability that Donatello will come out? If I do this, I’ll keep running around.’ Mafia approached Sirone’s side.
“Let’s be clear. Look around for just one day, and if it doesn’t come out, contact the Golden Wheel. Please settle the bill starting with Michelan.”
“okay.”
Sirone meekly nodded.
They didn’t expect it to be accepted so easily, so the Mafia and the others looked bewildered.
“Really? This is being recorded.”
“Because I know.”
If there were no mistakes, it would have been over in one go.
‘It’s not a perfect random number.’
Getting the item as the designer intended means that there is a pattern after all.
‘Recognize the system of this world.’
In reality, it is called the level of entry, and it is usually called the realm of Buddha from this point on.
‘I’m going to be a programmer here.’ In any case, if it wasn’t a random number like Havitz, there was no way Sirone wouldn’t be able to read it.
“We are almost there.”
Even with the constant speed option, power dropped to 70 percent upon arrival at Moon Island.
“wow.”
But it was really cool.
“Isn’t it pretty? Even if you don’t necessarily catch Maginus, users gather and have fireworks.”
It was a ring-shaped island with a freshwater lake in the center and a huge moon floating in the sky.
“Conceived by the Moon.”
So it was Moon Island.
“The hunting ground is under that freshwater lake. If you fall under the lake, you will be cut off from connection with the outside like the sacred place of Ergos, so you have to set a selective option here.”
After discussing options, they turned off their boosters and landed near a freshwater lake.
-Would you like to start the Maginus event?
Cuckoo Cuckoo!
The ground shook and the center of the freshwater lake split left and right, revealing a deep pit like an abyss.
“If you go inside?”
Sona replied.
“A space made of ice comes out. Maginus freezes the sea and makes tunnels to move.”
After hearing the rough information, Sirone flew up first and went into the pit.
– The event is in progress.
how deep did it fall
It was already beyond the thickness of the island, so it was possible to guess that it was deep in the sea.
“Creation, why do you deny eternal life!”
Suddenly, the surroundings brightened, and I saw a landscape as if I was trapped inside a diamond.
Marine life was coming and going over the wall.
“Kiaaaaa!”
When the gigantic machine resembling an eel opened its jaws, a body like a killifish came out quickly.
“Shoot! If you miss even once, it’s over!” While the mobsters were catching killifish, Maginus turned and penetrated the ice wall.
“Follow me!”
A huge amount of sea water rushed in, but it quickly froze due to the cold air inside.
‘Aha, this is how it works.’
Maginus’ main specialty is cold air injection, which creates an ice tunnel in the sea to kill the user.
‘The hitting ability is only six bullets. But this… …
It was a dizzying task to follow the complex tunnel like an anthill while submerging quickly.
“be careful. If you deviate from the route, it’s just the sea. Gas explodes under water pressure. You have to enter the tunnel unconditionally.”
The effective distance to Maginus, which creates a complex tunnel like a knot, is only 200 meters.
Behind it, power gradually diminished as sea water rushed in and continued to destroy the weakened ice wall.
“Oh, that’s really not right!”
In particular, the low-level Sirone’s power now fell below 30%.
‘I do not have time.’
After analyzing Maginus’ pattern, the conclusion was that it was one last chance.
‘It’s here.’
Having bypassed the deep sea in the form of a figure 8, Maginus rushed towards the tunnel where Sirone was.
‘I’m trying to break through.’
It was a strategy to shorten the effective distance by cutting the tunnel he had created himself.
“damage! If you collide, you die!”
The mobsters shouted, but now Sirone also had a weapon to fight with.
“The Michelan thing.”
When the lens in the palm was activated, the light particles began to compress at a tremendous speed.
‘This is not enough.’ Recalling the sense of reality, Sirone increased the gravity of the house, and the sphere of light grew as if it exploded.
The mobsters were in shock.
“Uh-oh… … !”
With a light large enough to cover a person’s torso, Sirone turned around.
At the same time, Maginus broke through the ice wall and attacked.
“Kiyaaaaa!”
“??????come.”
Donatello.

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-1079.txt
=============YYYYY=============
fully armed (2)
end of probability.
Assuming the dice are rolled to infinity, what lies beyond that number.
‘Now!’
It was a firm and clear conviction, like the entire world coming together as one point.
‘Michelan Gun!’
The sphere of light stretched out in a flash and entered Maginus’ wide open mouth.
“Kaaaa… … !”
Maginus was very excited at the time when the time until the next change felt like an eternity.
It was 10 meters in front of Yahweh 2.
thud! thud! thud! thud!
A series of explosions occurred inside, causing the aircraft to start surrealistically.
While the mobsters watched as if they were fed up, Maginus suddenly changed direction.
“Follow me! It’s the last pattern!”
Maginus, which went under the sea while creating an ice tunnel, finally disintegrated.
As the cold air sprayed in all directions, a huge ice cavity was created, and the item fell into it.
“Hey!”
When the mafia arrived at the joint, they checked the augmented reality and felt their hair stand on end.
-Unidentified item drop: Legendary grade.
“Again, here again!”
Needless to say, if there was a legendary item that could be obtained by hunting Maginus, it was Donatello.
Cirone, aware of the priority system, turned away instead of getting the box.
“Now, shall we use the card again?”
The mafia party had a hunch.
‘It’s not a coincidence.’
I couldn’t even guess how, but it was clear that Yahweh 2 could control the odds.
So, if you put your mind to it, you can pull out as many legendary items as you like.
‘Since it’s a structure that can’t be traded once it’s installed, price fluctuations will be extremely small. I’ll sweep the galaxy.’
The mafia finished thinking.
“Priorities are meaningless anyway. you take it But you may need to change the terms.”
This was the last chance because you wouldn’t be able to trade once the event was over.
“Are you changing the conditions?”
“It’s okay if you don’t settle. Let’s turn around one more time instead. You, can you pick up a legendary grade item?” “Can we match one by one? We’ve been together all this time, so wouldn’t that be fair?”
“sorry. That’s not allowed.”
Sona asked.
“Uh, why? It’s so easy for you! Rather than giving a galaxy.”
“I am a stranger. I don’t want to upset the balance of this world. I will go back after the solar war is over.”
Dex sensibility shot at him.
“You are laughing. Because of that solar war, we are doing this too. Do you know how different the charging fee is?”
Seoguk won’t lose in this solar battle, but there was no need to say anything in advance.
“I will give you enough examples. That will help you guys too. If you get entangled too deeply, you will be in trouble.”
Too many forces were already involved in the confrontation between Sirone and Operator.
‘Sheesh! After all, is it Dongguk?’
It was obvious that he was trying to pay attention to the solar cells, but it was better to wait until the settlement was over.
“good. Then, as soon as you get out of here, contact the golden ring. Please settle it right away.”
“I don’t have long-distance communication options. Why don’t we go all the way to the Neutral Zone and make contact?”
“are you kidding! What if I say that now?”
Need I say anything?
“No, everyone knows my level. So, of course, I knew you were thinking about it.”
“ugh “
O?
If I didn’t know, it would hurt my pride.
Sona suggested.
“Then we will contact you. It is unreasonable to make contact in the neutral zone. If a large guild like the golden ring uses their hands, they will be defeated. It is too disadvantageous.”
“okay. Then go out and get in touch. You can do it to Yolga’s son or Aegis.”
Of course he knew the ranker’s code name.
When the Mafia group set priority to Yahweh 2, Sirone obtained the box.
Everyone gathered.
“look.”
As the box opened, a smooth ceramic gourd was placed in Yahweh2’s hand.
“Oh oh! this is it… …
– The event has ended.
I heard the sound of waves.
The starting point was not a freshwater lake, but a beautiful white sandy beach on the outskirts of Dalseom.
Sirone let out a sigh of relief.
“Whoa, it’s finally over.”
Aside from the difficulty level, hunting in Seoguk itself was a burdensome journey.
Sona has arrived.
“congratulations. Are you going to install it right away this time?”
Sirone looked at the vial in her hand.
“Yeah, that’s how it should be.”
I don’t know how other users feel, but it was mentally comfortable to install it once.
“mounting.”
The pottery shattered by itself, and liquid metal as clear as mercury hovered in the air.
” wow??????
At that time, when everyone admired, liquid metal came into Yahweh2’s mouth with fierce momentum.
It was an irresistible system and my whole body felt cold as if I had been submerged in icy water.
It wasn’t a bad feeling, of course.
– Install a new program.
A message appeared on the augmented reality, and the existing scenery came to me with a completely different feeling.
“uh? this?”
A familiar feeling to Sirone.
‘It’s a spirit zone.’
There was no blind spot in the field of view, as if all the surrounding light was bent and entered.
Sona asked.
“are you okay? I couldn’t tell from watching this video. I was very dizzy at first.”
‘I guess so.’
The brain, not the eyes, has to adapt.
‘Because recorded video only outputs what you see with your eyes. It is probably an image in which a landscape broken like fragments is overlapped in several layers. If such an image continues to move in real time, even I would get motion sickness… …
In Sirone’s brain, it was arranged and unfolded as a perfect spherical landscape.
Of course, this was also far from the generally speaking landscape of ‘seeing’.
Sona asked.
“Can you move? In the video, he staggered as if he had been drinking and then collapsed. I’m over level 300.”
Dex sensitivity was added.
“I saw it too. Because of that, Donatello’s price went down for a while. From the beginning, the efficiency of legendary items varies widely depending on skill, but they say this is a bit harsh.”
Sirone understood.
It was like giving a spirit zone to ordinary people who couldn’t concentrate.
“Is there anyone who handles it skillfully?”
Sona said.
“Anyway, the amount that was released is about to be counted on one hand. If you are a representative user in Seoguk, there is Yagwi. I saw him dodging bullets in the solar war, and it was really cool.”
‘Hey.’
He was a member of Ascension.
‘Is it a real wizard? Well, a person with high concentration might be able to adapt.’
The mafia sarcastically.
“Are you standing still? Are you dizzy? You shouldn’t wear it carelessly like that.”
“Hmm.”
As Sirone stepped forward, the mafia party, who had been laughing inwardly, was startled.
“Sometimes… …
As I spurted off the ground, the aircraft ran over the sandy beach at high speed.
A tremendous amount of visual information.
However, it was not a hindrance to Sirone, who was able to cross the Spirit Zone and reach Elysion.
‘Are you okay? If this is the case, the difference in output between Operator and High will be offset to some extent.’
At least the square wasn’t taken away
Turning around again, Sirone checked not only the sprinting, but also the precise movement.
As the circus-like flamboyant action unfolded, the mafia party lost their minds for a moment.
“what? Are you running really well? Is it really the scenery we saw in the video?”
“maybe. It’s because the wild demon is like that too.”
In the midst of silence, Sirone hurriedly applied the brakes and stopped in front of the group.
“Whoa, the test is over. I really like this.”
I had a lot of swelling for no reason.
“Well, I don’t know about you, but Donna Tello is a difficult part to handle. Even so, the reason people fantasize about it is because it has a special function.”
“Special features?”
“You can get stealth.”
“aha?… ”
“Of course, it doesn’t look clear. They say it feels like the shape is shimmering.”
In front of a device that refracts light, even stealth cannot be perfect.
“But even that is great. You can omit the low frequency detection option. You earn one slot.”
“What does it look like with that option?”
“I can not see. Only the coordinates are indicated by dots. So stealth option users are difficult to deal with.”
“Then why don’t everyone use stealth?”
“There are certain parts that can be implemented for certain selective options. To use the stealth option, you need parts that match the option, but the combat performance is extremely poor. At high levels, if you get caught, you die.”
“Die or kill. It’s either way.”
“yes. That’s why Donatello is so good. Not only does it save slots, it actually senses the shape. Okay, now the explanation is over. Will you contact me as promised?”
As Sirone nodded, the mafia tried to communicate with the Eul family’s son.
“Should I take it?”
It was common for rankers to block communication except for certain users.
As the party waited impatiently, Mafia’s expression gradually darkened.
Then, suddenly, his eyes widened.
“uh? received.”
The party gathered.
“Did you get it? really?”
The mafia, who held out his hand to keep them from coming, stooped and said,
-hello? hello?
– say.
-Me, I’m a user mafia in Seoguk… … .
-know. I saw the news. What about Donatello?
I felt bad for ignoring it, but the opponent was a ranker anyway, and above all, an enemy country.
-I got it a little while ago. We want to get paid. Yahweh 2 promised. Sangeum Jeong… … .
-Check first.
The Mafia did exactly what Fermi said.
“Hey, Yahweh 2, they said they’d check it first. I’ll take a video and send it to you, so put your eyes a little closer.”
Sirone brought her right eye closer.
“enlargement. enlargement.”
As the pupils filled the screen, letters were engraved in a circle along the irises.
“Verification completed. Then uh… … They told me to strike a victory pose to see if I was really all right?”
“It’s okay, so send it quickly.”
It was not Sirone who would fall for Fermi’s prank, but the mafia was confused.
– Hey, just let it go! send now
After about 30 seconds of the recorded video being transmitted, Fermi’s voice was heard.
-7 people. settled
Communication was lost.
The mafia, who stood in bewilderment for a moment, screamed as if they were communicating.
“hey! You haven’t even adjusted the price yet! If it’s going to end like this, then we… … !”
“No, Mafia.”
While his colleagues stared into the air as if possessed, a message appeared in the mafia’s augmented reality.
– Galaxy has been deposited.
When I entered through the link, the amount I had never seen before was flickering in my personal safe.
“uh? uh?”
As he climbed along the zero, he shuddered, and Sona raised her arms and shouted.
“Hurray! I did it! We did it!” The mafia couldn’t believe it, even as his teammates gave high fives and rejoiced.
‘Crazy guys.’
I didn’t even get greedy to get more in front of the amount that ignored the concept of cigar.
Sona shook the mafia.
“Hey, hey! Let’s go to our store, store! There are so many things I want to buy! I’m going to sweep it all up with a limited edition.”
Seeing them happy, Sirone smiled, but at the same time was bitter.
‘Fermi.’
It will not be a bluff.
Based on a perfect understanding of human beings, the amount that can get things done most neatly.
There are many strong people in the world, but I am among the 10 people who do not want to fight, both friend and foe.
‘I don’t know what you’re thinking. If it’s an enemy, I have no choice but to defeat it in the end.’
Suddenly I had this thought.
‘Why Fermi… …
Maybe he codenamed Olga’s son?

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-1080.txt
=============YYYYY=============
fully armed (3)
While Sirone was lost in thought, the mafia party was secretly communicating.
-What are you going to do? Are you going as planned?
– I’m sorry. I received a lot of payments, so do I have to go this far?
– I can’t help it. It’s Dongguk. Public opinion has gone bad because some guy took a water bath on the bulletin board.
It was effective to express the will for settlement through the news, but the problem was the bulletin board dedicated to Seoguk.
Those who were dissatisfied with helping users in the same country began to denounce the Mafia.
There were even rumors that he was a spy from Dongguk, and even said that he should be killed.
-If you step on us in the west country, there is no way. What do you do when you put on good parts? I can’t hunt.
-yes. Besides, in a large guild, if even Chuck Salyeong falls, you have no choice but to fold high gear.
Having come to that conclusion, the mafia party looked back at Sirone, who was lost in thought.
Sona said.
“Why don’t you turn off Donatello? Partzgerd that also eats up quite a bit of power.”
“Ah, yes.”
Yahweh 2’s power was 16 percent.
‘I’ll have to use an auxiliary charger to go back.’
As Sirone prepared to leave, the mafia crew carefully observed Yahweh2’s steps.
– Did you turn it off?
-I don’t know. I have no discomfort at all.
Because of his skillful handling of Donatello, there was no way to confirm it from the outside.
– Let’s just do it. I’ll shoot in three.
Timing them by communication, they aimed their firearms at Yahweh2’s head.
A gunshot went off.
Sirone, who had been blown away before he knew it, quickly rolled down the sand and knelt down on one knee.
The Mafia asked, clicking his tongue.
“Donatello, did you keep it on?” Sirone was silent.
It was after receiving Fermi’s communication that he seriously contemplated the betrayal of the mafia.
‘I was trying to make sure I was safe.’ A victory pose?
‘Almost the only way to communicate to me in a state where direct communication is impossible.’
It was possible that things were happening outside that Sirone was unaware of.
What is it?
‘The traitor of the west country. News, or bulletin boards… …
It was a conclusion that could be reached after a little thought.
Dex Sensibility said.
“Looking at the reaction, I don’t think I need an explanation. Thanks for clearing things up though. So, can’t you just let me die? I won’t touch the loot.”
Even so, it was a level 100 level part, and it was impossible to drop the legendary item itself.
“If you want to kill, kill.”
Sirone said.
“Mutual trust is until the end of the transaction. You’ve settled the bill, so you’re just an enemy now, aren’t you?”
Sirone, activating the Michelan gun, smiled.
“Let’s start, high gear.” The mafia group thought.
‘He’s a guy I don’t like.’
Even if the conditions are unfavorable to oneself, one clearly distinguishes between right and wrong.
‘You make people feel ashamed. In real life, he’d be a bigger guy. But because… …
The mafia party again aimed their guns at them.
‘I don’t feel any remorse.’
Firepower of over 200 levels shot like rain, and Yahweh 2 instantly jumped through space.
‘Sheesh! that tech… … !’
It was shockingly different from when I saw it on video.
The white sandy beach of Dalseom was filled with smoke and mist, and gunshots rained incessantly.
A flash of light hit a colleague directly.
Whoa!
The machine was destroyed by the power comparable to that of a missile, and the remaining six people further increased their output.
– Turn on the infrared! Securing sight comes first!
Sirone inflated her cheeks.
‘Pooh. After all, the 150 level difference is difficult.’
If it was a boss creature, it would read the pattern, but the user’s pattern was in the realm of quantum.
The gap was so large that it could not have been undone if it had not been for the senses of time width and Park Ji from the beginning.
But that’s why the mafia was shocked.
‘What the hell is this?’
It dodges most of the bullets, and even if you try to suppress it with power, it jumps over the space.
‘Damn it! Having 15 more selective options isn’t even an advantage.’
In the meantime, the counterattack continued, and one more person was killed.
-hey! Let’s use grenades too! How can you beat that kind of attack without limit!
-wait. You have one chance. Because it is not unlimited.
– The limit of power is unavoidable. Catch when trying to use auxiliary charging device.
Fighting continued and two more were killed.
-hey! what to do
– wait.
The mafia was also nervous, but from now on it was a game of patience.
A red signal appeared in Sirone’s augmented reality.
‘Remaining power 2%.’
Knowing what the enemy was aiming for, he endured as much as he could, but he couldn’t put it off any longer.
“Sheesh!”
Shirone, who threw a flashlight and caused an explosion, went behind a rock wall and took out an auxiliary charger.
– Now!
Mafia, Dex Gamseong, and Sona’s aircraft all opened, and the equipped grenades exploded.
‘Homing communication.’
A grenade suddenly exploded as it flew towards the spot where Sirone was hiding, raising a smoke tail.
“huh?”
At the same time, Sirone, equipped with an auxiliary charging device, came out of the rock again.
“good! fight properly… … !”
When the haze cleared, the slender aircraft was bending its upper body in a sword-swinging posture.
“operator?”
His ability to cut all the grenades with his attitude blacksmith was to the point of being ecstatic leaving Pia.
“Jin, you are a real operator.”
She slowly straightened her body and took care of her hump, then turned to Sirone and said.
“Did we finally meet?”
The operator was very nervous because it was Seoguk, but she jumped out at the mafia party.
“uh… … r
Before she could finish her words, her fist struck the mafia right in the face.
Awesome!
As the penetration judgment entered, the face was smashed, and the Dex sensitivity and Sona were cut from side to side.
-what? Why are you attacking us?
– What do you know? See if it’s a slaughter pop out at once!
The operator, who was leisurely watching them, pulled out the sword behind his back.
“collapse.”
The sword was embedded in the sandy beach, and the sphere’s magnetic field began to attract the aircraft.
“Aaaaaaa!”
The size was only 1 meter in diameter, but Dex Gamja and Sona were dragged and collided with each other at terrifying speed.
Aaaaaang!
As the impact was so strong that her limbs were ripped off, Sirone felt cold.
‘It’s like a secret ball.’
Dex’s sensibility, with only his face remaining, asked.
“why… … why us… …
“I’ll finish with this. I won’t kill you, so don’t betray Seoguk from now on. You can post it on the bulletin board.”
Hearing that, Dex Gamseong didn’t say anything more, and the dead also quietly disappeared.
With only the loot they left behind, Operator turned to Sirone.
With a pop, she evaporated.
‘back!’
As I hurriedly turned around following the location caught by Donatello, the operator’s face suddenly approached me.
“Ugh!”
Sirone, who lowered her head in embarrassment rather than fear, was impressed again after a while.
‘It’s so fast.’
Is this the speed of the overall ranking?
“Let’s go somewhere quiet.”
Without even having time to respond, the operator picked up Sirone’s aircraft.
“huh?”
It was the first time I had ever been hugged by a woman like this, so it felt quite strange.
That moment when I was momentarily stunned by the beauty of the operator’s face looking up from my chest.
Woo woo woo woo!
Pushing the ground with great force, she soared into the sky like a rocket.
With one leap, she landed on the highest cliff on the island of the moon, and set her down.
“I saw the news.” Shirone, who was admiring the scenery, turned her head.
“Oh, don’t worry too much. Actually, I was mistaken too, and you and the operator pointed to the ground.
“Apologize in front of me.” Whiing, the wind blew.
‘It’s definitely the 4th dimension.’
Since there was no reason not to apologize once, Sirone opened her mouth.
“I’m sorry for saying harsh things then. I understood what you said after I tried the high gear myself.”
The only reaction was to quietly put his hand away, but somehow he seemed to be in a good mood.
“I’m sorry too. that you ignored.”
“No, that’s fine.”
“I knew. Ariane Sirone. A graduate of Alfeas Magic School. It is called the Yahweh of the Ages.”
Sirone was startled.
“Maybe I know… …
“no. It’s the first time I’ve met you. but i saw it in a dream You appeared in the dreams of many people. The Michelan Gun was implemented based on that image.” The operator looked at the moon.
“It takes a lot of inspiration to create a world. Since I don’t go outside, I mostly draw inspiration from people’s dreams. I don’t like mongols, but the world with high gear is illegal anyway.”
“Why do you not want to go outside?” They wouldn’t be able to explore Apocalypse without bringing the Operator into reality.
“Every day I woke up to the sound of my parents fighting. Their hatred for each other is so great that they don’t even care about me. No, rather, that hatred might be directed at me. Since the country has children, they are defined as a couple. I bought an outbuilding myself and set up my studio. It’s money. You can earn as much as you like by using Undercoder.”
Sirone listened silently.
“I hate reality so much, I needed a perfect world to escape to. That’s when I designed High Gear. You know what’s the scariest? No matter how long you live here, when you open your eyes, not much time has passed. As a result, I hated going out more and more, and eventually became number one in the rankings.”
She turned to Sirone.
“I know, there are far worse things going on in real life than I am. But do you have to struggle while caring about that? Even if they have to, then why don’t my parents care about my pain?”
“No one criticizes you. Because there is no such thing as the right to cry in pain.”
The operator seemed to like Sirone’s words and continued to mutter with a small mouth.
“The person who gave you the Seoguk Free Pass is the Little Witch, right? Her true identity is probably the former empress of Ka Shan.”
“??????okay.”
If it’s enough to hack dreams, lies won’t work.
“Guild members were beaten in real life. Although it seems simple, it is very difficult. The task of synchronizing with the outside world in the undercoder is.”
I would have used time magic.
“You probably know where I am. He is a cruel man, so he could kill me.”
“don’t worry. I’m not going to ask for your consent that way. Just like you promised.”
“Heh, it doesn’t matter. do whatever you want It’s not because I’m afraid that I didn’t know. One minute in reality is almost 30 minutes here. If you get injured outside, you might miss the solar war.”
“You really like it, High Gear.” A smile formed on the operator’s lips for the first time.
“Honestly, I’m glad you praised my world. Do you feel like you’ve been comforted? Michelan and Donatello, I’ll turn it over to you. Work hard until the sun.”
“If I win, you will help me.”
“That won’t happen, but… …
The operator slowly turned towards Sirone.
“Would you like to live with me if I win?”
“huh?”
“I will give you everything you want to see, have, and do. You can make anything. You are too hard in real life. Travel with me to beautiful places, join me in high gear. Time here is slower than reality. You don’t even have to look at other people’s eyes. Wouldn’t you like to put everything down for a while and rest?” The reason why the word refusal does not come out is because what she said is true.
Sirone shook her head.
“sorry. The world you created is beautiful, but I don’t think it’s real. My heart is in reality.”
“??????okay.”
she readily accepted.
“I saw you in a dream. Because you fought really hard to save the real world. For you, everything here is fake. As if reality is fake to me.”
The operator approached slowly, tilted his head, and kissed Sirone on the lips.
After a short kiss and stepping back, Si Lone expressed a question with her eyes.
“It’s a response to a compliment. Everyone is free to play in high gear, but I haven’t done it to anyone yet. Think of it as an homage from the fake world to you.”
She jumped up and entered the halo while looking down at Sirone.
“See you at the solar war.”

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-1081.txt
=============YYYYY=============
fully armed (4)
operator database.
Operator No. 7 reached Dalseom after continuing to search Yahweh 2’s logs.
The process of fighting with the mafia was dismantled by a signal and descended endlessly.
‘He handles Donatello skillfully.’ It was good until there.
At the appearance of the next operator, Number Seven frowned.
‘ what?’
Even when he was destroying the users of Seoguk without hesitation, all he thought was that he had a bad temper.
Watching the subsequent logs, Number Seven was seized by an unknown emotion.
It was the first time an operator had told his story to anyone.
No, weren’t most of the people in Under Coder the ones who ran away here because they hated reality?
‘The real world.’
What did the Operator want to hear from the person who holds the fate of reality in his hands?
When they checked the last log between them, Number Seven grinded their teeth.
‘Respect?’
For him, this is everything.
There is no reason to pay respect to people who fight fiercely in reality.
After exiting the database, I saw the scenery of a factory located deep underground.
‘Then what am I?’
Number Seven thought silently. Equipped with two legendary parts, Sirone boarded the train again and crossed over to Dongguk.
Aegis greeted them, and they boarded the train again and arrived at Nazca City, the midpoint of the Golden Ring.
The city, where most of the buildings were only steel frames, was dreary, but there were surprisingly many users.
“There is a hunting ground in the vicinity that many level 200 users are looking for. But more famous than that is the bounty hunter’s sanctuary. There is a special unwritten rule, that what happened here does not lead to strife between guilds. That’s why rankers who want to duel often come to me.”
Sirone looked around and saw that there were many people who looked strong enough to be level 200.
When we arrived at the golden ring’s hideout, Yoga’s son was coming out of mid-gear.
“It’s a different color. After all, I like the parts.”
Sirone fired.
“Did you know they would betray you?”
“You don’t have to go all the way to Seoguk to help. Items don’t drop when you die anyway. The appearance of the operator surprised us too. What were you talking about?”
It seemed that the mafia had uploaded the recorded video.
“Just what… … this and that.”
When Sirone stirred, Fermi looked back in surprise, but did not dig deep.
“Follow me. We don’t have time, so let’s start right away.”
Upon entering the underground room, Fermi turned around holding one part in each hand.
“receive. It’s yours.” It was Raphael with strong gloves and Da Vinci with metal wings that could be obtained from hunting grounds in the same country.
Raphael was a crude mineral, and Da Vinci was a feather plucked from a goose.
“Have you installed it?”
When Fermi raised his hand and suggested, Sirone first put Raphael on.
The light spread, and seven metal spheres were embedded in each of Sirone’s aircraft like joints.
Both elbows, both sides, both knees, and the last one was the stomach with high gear.
“The steel glove Raphael is the most durable glove in high gear. It could be said that it is almost indestructible with the user’s firearms. However, it is difficult to use.”
It was already expected.
“The metal orb embedded in the body will protect you in any situation. However, only one of the seven parts. The information will appear in augmented reality, so try it out.”
“Hmm.”
When Raphael on the elbow was activated, the entire right arm was covered with mirror-clear metal.
said Fermi.
“Now my right arm is invincible. You can inflict physical attacks or block the opponent’s bullets. But when one is activated, the other part becomes empty.”
“Still, the durability of the parts remains.”
“Of course it is, but if the only thing you can do is reach level 300 before the battle of the sun, a ranker’s attack will be lethal. He will have no choice but to block it with Raphael somehow.”
“It’s like a flag-raising game. Which parts to activate in which situations.”
“Even if it looks simple, the difficulty level is the best on the battlefield where bullets run rampant. If you were a skima user, it would have been easier, but it’s not a real body anyway, so you’ll get used to it.”
Sirone activated each Raphael in turn and estimated the range of defense.
“The upper body defense is the most difficult.” Fermi agreed.
“Because there are three options. Activate the left flank to cover half of the upper body including the back. the right side is the opposite. Lastly, the heart, the chest with high gear.”
“The head is impossible.”
Fermi nodded.
“Even with Raphael equipped, there is still the possibility of a headshot. Of course, you can block it with your arms or legs, but depending on the situation, you should keep in mind avoidance. What you need for that time… …
Sirone lifted the feather.
“Metal Wings Da Vinci.”
When equipped, new parts were installed on Sirone’s back, creating an effect of fluttering feathers.
Nothing changed in appearance.
“The reason Da Vinci is called metal wings is because they are mechanical devices, not actual wings. It’s called a full buster, a propellant that uses explosive power. open it.”
When Sirone activated Da Vinci, the shoulder plate on the back opened and an energy nozzle came out.
“100 percent power.”
As Sirone read the phrase, Fermi explained.
“Even if it’s 100%, if it’s running at full capacity, it’ll run out in less than 10 seconds. spend sparingly It’s self-recharging, but it takes quite a while to refill.”
“How do I charge it?”
“sun. According to the worldview of High Gear, Da Vinci is an object made with Low Gear technology. So we can convert solar power into energy without going through mid-gear.”
“Hmm, can you think of it as an incredibly powerful booster? I heard that legendary parts depend on the skill of the user, but is there something difficult for Da Vinci to handle?”
“Yes. Try it.”
“here?”
Fermi shrugged.
“All the buildings in Nazca City are abandoned anyway. There is no one to claim for damages if something is broken.”
“okay. then… …
Sirone activated Da Vinci.
The moment the blue light came on from the lens of the ejection device, the aircraft was ejected at a speed exceeding Mach.
“this??????!”
Kwak Kwah Kwah Kwah Kwah Kwah Kwah! Muttered Fermi, who had been listening to the sound of it endlessly penetrating the wall.
“Even if it’s fast, it’s too fast.”
10 minutes later.
I heard the sound of Si Lone trudging through the cool underground tunnel.
The body was all scratched.
“you… … do you want to die?”
If she had hit the wall at the same speed, Sirone would have come back much faster than now.
‘Because he must have died.’
However, coming back to the same route that I had taken rather than the starting point meant that the adaptation was over.
Fermi saw that Sirone’s right arm was covered with a clear silver metal.
‘It kills the reaction speed.’
Right before the collision, Raphael was activated, protecting the aircraft and continuing to break through.
“What could be more certain than real life? now you know Each one has excellent functions, but the four legendary weapons exert a synergistic effect with each other. It means that the level difference can be offset depending on how the user uses it.”
Sirone hated Fermi because he was a liar.
“Sheesh, you can do this with words.” Fermi pointed at Sirone.
“Besides, since there is even a pavilion in the cipher, the efficiency of the legendary grade will also go up. But even so, the chance of defeating the Operator is less than 10%.” It was Sirone who clearly confirmed how strong the operator was on the island of the moon.
Fermi looked around and asked.
“So, how far can you raise it? In reality, you went all the way.”
If the realization of high gear is the granularity of reality, Gongjin, Mouth, and Ultima remain.
“When it comes to understanding the world, granularity is the end. From then on, it’s a matter of implementation. Resonance is assimilating the world and myself. But to me this world… …
Not real.
“It’s true if you put your mind to it, but what you can’t do is your heart. I’m here for reality. The goal is to defeat the Operator, excavate the Apocalypse, and rid the world of Pandemonium.”
Fermi understood.
“Hmm, then that means we have to compete with only what we have now. good anyway The gold coin is just for carrying you to the operator.”
Then it was Sirone’s job.
“Let’s go out. You need to be at least level 300 to be able to match the output of the operator. I will assign you a teacher.”
“teacher?”
When Fermi went outside, the members of the Golden Coin Ring were already waiting.
The first group showed off their auras, and behind them, the Destruction Demons and the others stood awkwardly.
“uh? Yahweh 2.”
They found Sirone and came running.
The parts were much more luxurious than before, as if he had raised his level considerably while he was in the west country.
“wow! It’s the Michelan thing!”
However, their appearance faded in front of Sironae equipped with the 4 legendary ranks.
Aegis is approaching.
“The reason why I found the legend grade first is that the level up is faster, as well as the difficulty level. In the future, you will be circling the hunting grounds with the Wild West.”
Sirone looked back at the code name Wild West.
His body was a skeleton, he wore a cowboy hat, and he was equipped with a 44 caliber magnum.
I was staring at my shiny high gear from the inside of my ribs when he approached me.
“nice to meet. It is the Wild West.”
It was bizarre for the skeleton to talk, but nothing would be impossible in high gear.
“Ah, nice to meet you.”
Death Princess said.
“We will also level up in the future. The target is Magnan. You have to be good enough to enter the binary to be able to do solar warfare.”
said West, hesitantly.
“Leave it to me.”
It was funny to see him posing as if he was pulling out a gun, but the code name was definitely familiar.
‘West of durability.’
Equipped with Skullsa’s gloves, he was clearly specialized in hunting rather than dueling.
“Then let’s go. At least level 300 before the sun. After that, it’s better to raise it by one more level. Moving also takes time, shall we conquer it from here?”
Sirone followed West into a hunting ground near the city of Nazca.
The creature level was 100 levels higher than Sirone’s, but it wasn’t so bad that he couldn’t catch it.
“wow??????
As if he had been hunting with armor-piercing bullets at level 20, the experience gauge went up.
As time passed, users flocked to it.
“Hey, look over there. Yahweh 2.”
He was already a celebrity on the bulletin board, and above all, he was equipped with all four legendary parts.
“… … Shall we try?”
Nazca City anyway, even if they were to fight here, there was no way they would collide with the Golden Ring.
“Hey, West.”
When I turned my head at the call, there were 7 people from different guilds gathered.
‘Level 307, level 311, level 287… …
It was a small and medium-sized guild, but it was a situation where there were people who said they were in their own right.
“I don’t want to interfere with the solar warfare preparations, but can I do a duel? With Yahweh 2.”
“Hmm.”
After thinking for a moment, the Wild West stepped aside.
“10 minutes.”
“that’s enough.”
As the users approached, Sirone, who was already aware of their presence, turned around.
The Wild West communicated.
-It’s okay even if you die, so stick around. It’s faster to go to the starting point. The level difference between you and them is about 2,000 levels. It’s a meaningless summation method, but I think it’s an exercise to close the gap with the operator.
The more Duel experiences, the better.
-yes. I’ll try.
When Cirone crouched down and activated the metal wing Da Vinci, the machine flew at Mach speed.
Woooooooooooooooooooooooooh!
The time taken until the enemies were annihilated was 3 minutes.

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-1082.txt
=============YYYYY=============
solar power (1)
eve.
Cities surrounding the Zeta Plateau, where the Solar Field is held, set off firecrackers throughout the night.
Participation is unlimited.
All users of High Gear were still flocking to Zeta Plateau at every moment.
Anyone can fight.
It seems that the fact that hostile judgments can be made between the same countries seems to foreshadow a quarrel… … .
“You don’t have to worry about ephemera.” When a battle takes place, the desire of an individual is swept away by the huge desire of the crowd.
“The most important thing is the Sun Palace. Among them, it is also a low gear. It will break through eventually, but we have to procrastinate as much as possible.”
The 1st Ascension Guild was in the middle of a strategy meeting in the annex prepared in the Palace of the Sun.
In addition to Ascension, the top 5 guilds in Seoguk were hiding in their respective rooms.
the operator said.
“If you hold out for 24 hours, you win. This time, the Solar Conduction Ascension Guild will take on the role of command center as the No. 1 in the rankings. Operates a special riot squad and protects resistance. First of all, the leader of the riot police is a little witch.”
“yes.”
The little witch raised her hand.
“Agwi is the captain of the eastern defense, Ruby Mix is in charge of the west, and Tae Daecheon is in charge of the center.”
Tae Dae-cheon asked.
“North?”
Since the starting point of Dongguk is in the south, you have to go around the Palace of the Sun to break the North Gate.
“The Black Devil Guild has decided to take care of it. If you put in all 1 Jin, you will be able to balance it.”
It was the 4th ranked guild in Seoguk.
“I made a schedule. Now that you’ve evenly selected binary and ternary numbers, put the code name in the communication channel. I’ll leave it to the captain for local tactics.”
The schedule was delivered via telecommunication.
“Operation meeting over. You can go out and enjoy it until 3:00 in the morning. Just keep the guild channel open.”
The eve festival was one of the favorite events of high gear users.
It’s not like there’s anything special about it.
However, there are an enormous number of users and everyone is excited about the solar panel.
The wall of the mind was broken down, and the sense of security provided by the group would easily accept pleasure.
It was a night of joy and pleasure.
As the 1st Ascendants warmed up and left the room, the little witch was still sitting on the chair.
The operator broke the awkward silence and asked.
“Aren’t you going to the festival?”
“You?” “You’ve never been to a festival, have you? A lot of users are waiting for an operator.”
“You don’t have to obey their demands. If there is freedom in high gear, then not going to the festival is my freedom.” The little witch checked her intentions.
Her white face with her blonde bangs covering her eyes was indifferently beautiful.
“Hmm.”
That’s it.
“A false world where countless people come in and pour out their desires. But is that the only real thing for you?”
“I don’t know the difficult story. I’m all… … I just hate exchanges that I don’t want.”
“What were you talking about?”
The little witch asked like a surprise.
“You went to the island of the moon before. Didn’t you meet Yahweh 2? I didn’t go there to say hello.”
The operator softly twisted his lips.
“don’t worry. Because it’s not intimidating. Just curious. You don’t have to tell me if you don’t want to.”
“There was nothing special. We talked about each other, and we had our own empathy. But nothing will change. Anyway, Yahweh 2 rejected my offer.”
“proposal?”
“A proposal to live together in high gear. got rejected So I just said my own goodbyes.”
The operator looked back at the little witch and gently placed her hand on her lips.
“We kissed.”
It seemed that the little witch’s body was alive for a while, but it was probably an illusion.
the operator asked.
“why? Upset? Are you going to get revenge?”
“pooh!”
The little witch shook her shoulders.
“What are you talking about? It’s not like we actually kissed each other. This place is farther than a dream. If you put it that way, what are the users enjoying at the festival right now?”
The Empress of Kashan knew what angered her opponent the most.
“… … I guess so.”
It’s just a tribute from a fake.
“Yahweh 2 won’t have any special feelings either. It’s all about winning the duel and bringing me into reality. But that’s why you can’t beat me.”
“I agree with you on that point.”
Uorin also saw through to the core.
‘Sirone, if you don’t realize about the kiss that day, you can never beat the operator.’
Therefore, neither the mining of the Apocalypse nor the elimination of the Pandemonium in reality takes place.
at last… … .
‘It will come to me.’
A splendid fireworks display unfolded in the sky of the Palace of the Sun.
The windows flashed.
“pretty.”
While Princess Death watched the fireworks outside the window, the gold ring 1 team finished the meeting.
said Fermi.
“The key is that Yahweh 2 doesn’t die on the way to the Sun Palace. By the time you start again from the starting point, Dongguk’s camp will have already collapsed. For all risk management, prioritize the survival of Yahweh 2.”
“All right.”
In the ring of gold, Fermi’s word was law.
“however… …
The only person who could object to his words was Sirone.
“Let’s change the strategy.”
Not only the first group of gold coins, but also the Demon God of Destruction 707 party standing by the window turned around.
Fermi asked.
“Why?”
Asking seriously meant that Fermi also felt a little uncomfortable.
“I don’t think I can beat the Operator.”
Silence passed.
Wild West, who was in charge of leveling up, asked while raising his cowboy hat.
“Currently, your level is 307. It’s higher than the initial expectations, but it’s a long way from entering the ranks anyway. Wasn’t this much already assumed?”
“Of course, but… …
Sirone stopped talking, and Fermi asked.
“If you have something to say, say it. If you need to change your strategy, now is your last chance.”
“Other users of the same level and parts as the operator will be able to fight evenly. But operators are different. Because I fully understand the system. If you are at the same level of inaction as me, the difference in output will decide the outcome.”
“That’s why I said, the win rate is less than 10 percent. It’s your job to make it happen.”
“I know. but… …
Sirone remembered the operator’s kiss.
“It’s not a matter of strategy. Stop the door of the mind. I have a strong feeling that it shouldn’t be this way.”
“It is the heart.”
100% if not 0%.
“If you do, there is no chance of winning. So, how are you going to change the strategy?”
“How about doing this?”
Sirone spoke candidly about everything he was feeling right now.
Fermi did not object.
“Long live Dongguk! Long live Dongguk!”
“Seoguk wins. Tomorrow the sun is ours too!”
The east and west camps began to gradually break amid shouts of shouting.
– There are 10 minutes left until the start of the Solar War.
When the guidance message appeared on the augmented reality, the shouting turned into a scream.
The noise that resonated with the heavens and earth was only a faint echo inside the Palace of the Sun.
The operator, who was waiting for someone while kneeling alone, checked the satellite image.
The scenery of the area where Magnan’s satellite communication function has been handed down was truly spectacular.
The number of participants is approximately 4,000.
There must be Yahweh 2 among the users lined up like that.
‘come.’
Today’s defeat is like the end of the world for Operators.
‘I’ll completely destroy it, Yahweh 2.’
Blue electricity entered the eyes hidden by the blonde hair.
– There are 5 minutes left until the start of the solar war. The countless users of Seoguk waiting outside the Palace of the Sun were now silent.
Ascension detached leader Uorin was looking ahead, someone approached.
“Chuck! I hope to see you again.”
The code name of the user who looked like a horse from the waist down was Madu Hero, and was ranked 76th in the duel rankings.
“Because Byeoldongdae is the most fun.”
“I agree. Being Mercury doesn’t suit my temper. Where do you think it will be fierce? I have no intention of going to the west gate.”
“center.”
The Madu Hero asked curiously.
“center? Of course, it will be the fiercest at the end, but it won’t break through from the beginning. Will Dongguk engage in a head-to-head confrontation even at the cost of damage?”
“I will go to the center.”
Because Sirone will come.
‘Geumhwaryun will even take damage from allies in order to disperse Seoguk’s troops. The best way to do that is to break through the center in the shortest amount of time.’
Uorin was thinking of cutting off that road.
‘I’ll see you soon, Sirone.’
– There are 3 minutes left until the start of the solar war. In the camp where the golden garlands of the East country gathered, Sirone last checked the condition of his aircraft.
On Yahweh 2’s left arm, another legendary weapon, ‘Air God’ was equipped.
‘activation.’
The inside of his arm opened, and a gun popped out and was automatically caught in his hand.
Death Princess looked up.
“It’s Air God.”
It was a weapon that could shoot energy bullets infinitely through the command ‘Liloride’.
“huh. It’s legendary level. It’s a weapon that can drop durability by 10 regardless of the efficiency of the armor.”
“Are you okay? If you fall by 10 per shot, you have to hit 50 shots even for parts with 500 durability.”
“Instead, there is a decision to ignore gloves. Even if I choose a firearm that is good at my level, it won’t work against a ranker.”
It was Fermi’s opinion that since the firepower of the Michelangan gun is good, the sub weapon should focus on options.
“LeRoread.”
When the command was entered, the energy recharged in an instant, rising to 100 percent.
Death Princess smiled.
“To work hard. We are also nervous because it is our first time, but we will try our best to help you.”
“Ho-ho-ho! You barely raised the Magnan level, what are you going to do in the solar war?”
A user with a smooth metal body and a ponytail-like decoration on the top of his head approached.
Codename Princess.
He was ranked 93rd in the level ranking.
“Isn’t this the first time actually doing solar warfare? You will probably die the moment you collide. Run well from the starting point.”
God of Destruction 707 was furious.
“red! Even though it was my first time doing it, I watched the broadcast a lot. And we are said to be gold coins.”
The princess shrugged.
“Ha, the golden ring is also out of date. No matter how trite it is, to bring a level 200. And what’s the code name for that? Didn’t you destroy? Death Princess? ho ho ho! Now that I see it, are you my fake?”
Death Princess’s impression was crumpled.
“Do not be ridiculous! I really ball… … !” She hurriedly stopped talking to deal with
As if he did not like it, he turned around and hid in the crowd.
– There are 10 seconds left until the start of the solar war.
The count started, and all users checked the satellite images and prepared for the departure.
-The solar war has been opened.
The moment the message popped up, a roar erupted as thousands of people simultaneously engaged in high gear.
The distance of 20 kilometers was shortened in an instant, and the exchange of bullets occurred before that.
Woooooooooooooooooooooooooh!
270 returned to the starting point.
“hurry! Move daughter!”
The Little Witch led her troops and galloped toward the main gate of the Sun Palace.
Being the first to occupy the main gate, she estimated Sirone’s location through satellite images.
“huh?”
I realized in that moment.
“what?”
The huge flow of Dongguk captured in the video was completely different from what I initially expected.
‘It’s not the center.’
Just like Seoguk, they were in a tight confrontation with the overall balance.
“Solar warfare… …
The meaning of the video was clear.
“I intend to win.”
Her shoulders shook as she felt electricity run down her spine.
“Whoops. Whoop whoop.”
An excellent choice, Sirone.

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-1083.txt
=============YYYYY=============
solar power (2)
but that’s why
‘It’s annoying.’
If Sirone wants to win the solar war, it means that he will become a user of this world.
Sirone will love everyone.
‘And I… …
i love sirone
‘That’s what happened. There is no choice.’
The only thing Mitochondrial Eve could love on this planet was you, Shiro.
‘I’ll take it.’
Even if you have to sell your soul.
It will not be one of the near infinity that Yahweh loves.
“let’s go. Go west.”
The user of Ascension Binary asked curiously.
“You took the center at best? If we went west, there would have been other users already.”
The result of active performance in solar warfare becomes a point, and it is counted as solar warfare ranking.
Why it’s important to capture key points
was
“To do it right. This solar war is going to be a bit difficult. I will do my best to make Seoguk win.”
If Sirone does it, she does it too.
“yes! I will give my life!”
With the determination of the little witch, the epitome of freewheeling, the Ascension 2nd class also burned with enthusiasm.
‘Anyway, I mean… …
She was the one who drove countless people to death in reality, so there was no special inspiration.
“Come on, let’s go! For Seoguk!”
In any case, it was necessary to boost their morale in order to win.
Meanwhile, in Dongguk, Geumhwaryun, including Sirone, was engaged in a fierce battle.
Gunfire exploded, and bullets with different personalities rained down from all sides.
‘Let alone fighting, even surviving is hard.’
The first battle is a firefight.
Even if you die, just resurrect at the starting point, so you pour all your firepower into it.
Regardless of East and West, users with low levels began to die one after another.
‘The state of the user in the solar war can be classified into three types. First, those who continue to fight without dying.’
They were current rankers including Sirone.
‘Second, the deceased.’
Those who have no effect on the battlefield until they return to their starting point.
‘Third, the one who joins at the starting point.’
This category is key.
‘Depending on how fast they join and how many people join, the game changes completely.’
Controlling their speed and position is the one who continues to fight without dying, that is,
It was the skill of a ranker.
“Hee hee hee]! die, die! Die all!”
A user from Dongguk was pouring bullets at allies regardless of the war.
Amara all-in-one meant that the level was not even 100.
“uh? Parts, parts!”
When he found the spoils on the ground, he tried to make money, but he was hit by a stray bullet and smashed.
‘… … Fourth, those who act unrelated to the war.’
Sirone, who created another category, was able to draw a rough picture of the flow of the solar warfare.
‘The weight of a ranker’s life in this war is enormous. If one ranker dies, a hole will form in an instant. Then the second category of deaths will increase… …
If there is a delay in replenishment of troops, you will be defeated in the solar war.
‘It’s slowly getting better.’
Currently, the number of deaths is over 2,000, and the ratio between East and West is 5:5.
The first and most intense crash.
This point in time, when only those who survived from the total firepower remained, was the beginning of the Solar War.
– Byeoldongdae to the eastern wall! Mr. Wild West, please take cover from the rear!
– Discovery of Guardian Guild binary! Send coordinates!
As expected, communication continued in real time from the command center of the Ring of Gold.
As users of Seoguk with over 400 levels collided, a local war finally broke out.
‘I can’t die. It’s impossible not to die at all, but at least until the troops return… …
I realized in that moment.
‘What, so.’
operator.
Legendary moves undefeated in the history of High Gear include solar warfare.
‘never… … Didn’t die.’
The moment I realized how wonderful a record it was, I was thrilled.
Sirone smiled.
At some point, the fighting spirit for the competition, which was regarded as someone else’s business, began to boil again.
“Catch the ranker.”
The golden ring, which changed its strategy, expected only one thing from Yahweh 2.
“Yahweh 2!”
It’s not the Ascension Guild, but the code names I’ve seen on the ranking bulletin board jumped at it.
Raphael’s steel gloves deflected the armor-piercing bullets.
Although he had practiced dueling several times, the skills of the rankers he encountered in real battles were on a different level.
In Donatello’s all-round field of vision, he saw something shimmering semi-transparently.
‘Stealth.’
As he hurriedly turned around, a real bullet grazed, and the rankers attacked at the same time.
“Caught?… “!”
Sirone, who jumped over the code with Pakji’s senses, activated Da Vinci with her metal wings.
Flying at Mach speed, he threw out his fist before the stealth user could react.
Raphael’s metal-covered right arm pierced his high gear.
“Ouch!”
As the stealth was cancelled, the ranker’s aircraft, entangled in electricity, exploded.
‘Caught one.’
Killing a ranker is big.
A warning sound was heard while the rankers whose stealth operation had failed disappeared.
– Attack detection.
Through Donatello’s all-round vision, he saw a terrifying flash of light flying at him.
As it flew up into the sky, a shockwave exploded at the place where the flashlight was hit.
“Michelle’s thing… …
The members of the Ascension Guild were standing in front of Yahweh 2, who realized the identity of his power.
User codename, Mystique.
The upper body was that of a beautiful woman, but the lower body was a gigantic spider’s legs.
‘A person ranked 24th overall in the duel rankings.’ said Mystique holding up the Michelan gun.
“I saw the video. Yahweh 2 was famous. But, as for Michelan, Seoguk is the original.”
A smoke of light hovered over her palms and rapidly compressed into a sphere.
“Let’s see who wins!”
The two users who moved at the same time fired flashes while running across the battlefield.
‘Incredibly fast.’
Mystic’s blocky form exerted an excellent effect in ground battles and was tracking Sirone.
“Ho-ho-ho! Was it just that much?”
With a level 307 output, it was impossible to catch up with Mystique’s speed over level 450.
“Keugh!”
The code jumped, but Ranker’s artificial intelligence immediately tracked Yahweh 2’s location.
“Whoops.”
Dozens of spheres of light were simultaneously fired from her Michelangelo gun.
‘Multiple bullets?’
Mystic, who blocked the space to jump the code, charged with a happy smile.
‘Already analyzed by video.’
A series of explosions occurred, but Yahweh 2 was nowhere to be seen when the haze cleared.
‘Sheesh! Da Vinci.’
When Mystique twists her upper body while kicking her tongue, she tries to activate Michelan’s gun again.
A huge sphere of light was born that stopped the fight even for those who were distracted by the battle.
“I-what is that?”
Yahweh 2 was raising the Michelan Gun into the sky, and the light body with a diameter of 4 meters vibrated terribly.
“more.”
The moment Sirone’s eyes widened, the sphere of light grew in size as if it exploded.
The users even forgot the victory or defeat because of the pure question of what kind of power it would produce.
“Should I show you what the original is?”
The Michelan Gun is a weapon based on Sirone.
“This is the Photon Cannon.”
As I took a step forward and swung my arm with all my might, a huge flash of light went out.
“damage?… “!”
The moment the spider’s leg bent sharply, a flash of light hit it and an explosion occurred.
Woooooooooooooooooooooooooh!
There were no users remaining within a radius of several tens of meters, as if there had never been.
“Whoa.”
The users of Dongguk, who witnessed the terrifying power, shouted as they fired bullets into the sky.
“Okay, let’s go! This time we win! You’re taking over the Sun Palace!”
The place where the two rankers disappeared became a weak point for the west country, and the east country pushed endlessly.
Aegis confirmed the satellite image and communicated.
-All troops resurrected from the current starting point will be sent to the east. Push in as far as you can.
As users from Dongguk followed suit, Sirone’s high gear beat like a heart.
‘Win. We’ll win.’
gradually… … My heart was permeating.
Meanwhile, in the operator’s conference room.
“What the hell is that?”
Excluding the operator and number seven, 10 operators were watching the solar cell.
It was also the biggest event in the world they created, and it was to respond to an immediate error.
Lollipop Mark said.
“The Michelangeon’s quantum collection function is basically equal to the total amount of photons in the world. However, since the difficulty level increases each time you pass a certain section, the time to gather is longer. The current power is obviously abnormal.”
said the black circle mark.
“It took about 2.3 seconds to reach the 190,000 force just before. This means that Yahweh 2 has a completely different ability to adapt apart from having a special sense.”
The gear mark said.
“Yahweh 2 will be the biggest concern for this solar war. Well, it got attention from the beginning.”
said Mrs. Mark.
“A new event will be updated after the solar war. Will Yahweh 2 be poison or medicine? …
“Come to think of it, didn’t Number Seven come?”
“From the start, you are on your own. Still, he’s the one I’ve always watched Taeyangjeon. Especially when the operator is active… …
The cogwheel mark has been cleaned up.
“Well, they must be distracted by the events that will follow. First of all, we are faithful to our respective duties. The most important thing is that this solar war ends safely.”
The operators’ eyes turned back to the battlefield.
sun palace.
‘Sirone.’
The operator, still on his knees, found Yahweh 2 through satellite images.
The image of him defeating rankers resembled the visions seen in people’s dreams.
‘But he’s not coming.’
The reason Yahweh of the world entered high gear was because of the duel with himself.
If it’s to save people in the real world, nothing about this place will be important.
‘I’m doing a solar war.’ The moment he saw himself breaking his expectations and fighting fiercely with numerous users.
Ugh. Ugh.
High gear beat like a heart.
‘I’m living in the world I created.’ His two hands were strong.
‘I want to fight.’
Yahweh 2, rapidly approaching the Sun Palace, had already defeated 7 rankers.
‘The first line of Ascension that protects the resistance will be different. but i want to fight Right now, I want to feel you.’
In the quiet silence, the operator’s machine gracefully straightened its knees and stood up.
As I opened the door to the Sun Palace with cold footsteps, the sunlight as bright as gold poured in.
The din of battle set in realistically, and she turned her head to the east.
The operator’s artificial intelligence had a search range of over 2 kilometers.
The coordinates of Yahweh 2 were taken.
“??????Goes.”
Pushing her upper body out and taking a sprint stance, she lifted her head and kicked the ground.
High gear output level 487.
Arriving at her destination even before a few seconds had passed, she turned toward Yahweh 2.
When the users who felt the unrealistic speed turned their heads, only the sound remained.
Sirone’s Donatello flashed.
‘Come.’
Before he could finish his thoughts, the operator’s fist flew into Sirone’s face.
Aaaaaaaang!
It was a terrible crash.
Users from Dongguk and Seoguk who felt the tragedy in the sound turned their heads at the same time.
Yahweh 2, who activated Raphael and Da Vinci at the same time, was punching him.
However, the reason users were surprised was different.
“What, what?”
operator.
It was because there was a machine in front of them that shouldn’t have appeared on the battlefield yet.

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-1084.txt
=============YYYYY=============
solar war (3)
Aegis wide area communication spread.
– Urgency! Yahweh 2 and operator confrontation! Do you support the 1st troop of the golden ring?
The members of Geumhwaryun checked the satellite image.
44-caliber magnums puffing smoke, the Wild West opened its mouth like an idiot.
“what? Is it real?”
Nearby, users from Seoguk who had fallen with their foreheads pierced were strewn about.
– Shall we go? If it ends here, it ends. Since I asked for the bait, I can quit Taeyangjeon.
Yoga’s son communicated.
– Just wait. There won’t be a winner in the beginning.
After giving the instructions, Fermi thought.
‘The win rate of the East and West matches is almost 5 to 5. However, the winning patterns are different.’
Excluding the invincible user called the operator, the power is evaluated as high.
The Ascension Guild members are also excellent, but the Golden Wheel is a gathering of professionals.
because it is between
Still half the win rate.
It was a passage that showed what the existence of an operator means to users in Seoguk.
Aegis opened a private communication channel.
– Boss, how do you see it? If you’ve really pulled out an operator, this is your chance.
There is no need for Dongguk to make sacrifices.
-Even so, the promise is a duel. Shouldn’t you be convinced whether you win or lose?
-But a head-to-head confrontation is unlikely to win. This is a fact that Yahweh 2 also acknowledged.
– Undefeated record.
It is virtually impossible not to die even once in a battle of the sun where thousands of users collide.
‘Thus, it’s right to see that the record has been managed.’
If he put his mind to it, Fermi could have built an undefeated record.
‘There’s no reason for that.’
How inefficient is it to pursue honor in a system that resurrects you when you die?
‘In high gear, death is also part of the tactic. But the operator can’t do that anymore.’
This is because it has already gone beyond individual honor and is directly related to the morale of the entire Seoguk.
-Let’s watch. As long as Yahweh 2 focuses on solar warfare, the Operator won’t be able to hit it too hard.
Sirone is right.
-All right.
After cutting off personal communications, Aegis delivered Fermi’s instructions via wide-area communications.
In the meantime, Yahweh 2 and the operator were engaged in a fierce search battle.
Broadcast satellites broadcast live to all continents in High Gear took a close-up of the two.
“wow?… ”
The users gathered in front of the large display board were in a state of fascination with their battle.
“Four major legend ranks.”
It was the first time he had gathered all of them, and his skills in handling parts were truly superhuman.
A sphere of light vibrated above Yahweh2’s palm.
“The Michelan thing.”
The operator, who had moved to avoid the flash of light, put out one foot and applied the brake.
At the same time, his back opened and a mechanical steel frame with a muzzle was thrown over his shoulder.
“The black key.”
The steel frame swayed back and forth whenever the ion cannons were fired from the two gun barrels.
It was a speed comparable to that of Michelan’s case, and Sir Rone’s sense of time slowed the flow of time.
‘OO O……I’
■― ?I ■? ?
So it was terrifying.
The operator could be seen between the ion cannons approaching while scratching the ground in two rows.
‘What’s so fast?’
Her weak fist passed Yahweh2’s cheek as sharp as an awl.
“Whoa!”
Immediately, a fist from the other side flew in and severely hit Sirone’s side.
Aaaaaang!
The armored Rafael was activated, but it was unavoidable that the entire aircraft was blown away.
‘The aircraft itself is a weapon.’
The top rankers were all strong, but the operator seemed to care less about the performance of the aircraft than the firearms.
As Yahweh 2 landed dragging the ground, the forces of East and West crossed and blocked the view.
“Ha ha ha! I will catch Yahweh 2!”
Over the heads of the crowd, an aircraft more than 8 meters tall fired a cylindrical rotary machine gun.
Codename Bishamuncheon.
As the large bullets scratched left and right, the users of the same country were broken into miserable faces.
‘A monster.’
In reality, if a person with two arms is equipped with four arms, it will be difficult to manipulate the aircraft.
‘Nevertheless, he treats it like his own body. The story that the incarnation itself is huge. It cannot be confirmed because all creatures who dream can come to the Under Coder.
Bishamuncheon charged while activating a booster.
“Is this all!”
Plasma beams spread out in a fan shape from the pair of lenses on each shoulder.
As it swept the front with a roaring sound, the armor of dozens of Dongguk troops melted.
“Aaaaaaa!”
When Bishamuncheon raised the corner of his mouth at the pleasant scream, the back of his back felt terrifying.
When I turned my head 180 degrees, Sirone was floating a huge sphere of light.
‘Sheesh! Is it Pakji?’
As Bishamuncheon blocked his chest with an X, his forearms opened and turned into thick gloves.
A flash of light hit the armor plate directly.
“Kuh… …
The aircraft shook with a bang, and the aircraft weighing 80 tons slid across the ground.
“Aaaaaaa!”
In the end, the armor plate of Bishamuncheon lying down was terribly depressed, and the rankers of the East country rushed at it.
“Bastard! Let’s see!” At the moment of death, the operator spread his legs wide as he slid closer.
A black jang was held in her hand.
“Checkmate.”
The paper bag opened, and Sirone jumped over the code and came out behind the operator.
what I saw at that moment.
‘Oops.’
It was a black blade that went into his throat.
‘You’re foolish, Yahweh2. I know all the locations.’
Even if you jump over the code, you can’t escape her intention as the designer.
did.
As the high gear spewed out the maximum power, the blades were cut at a terrifying speed.
Sparks flew in the black field.
Kang!
The power of the bullets could be easily guessed just by the operator’s arm being lifted.
“Gel gel gel! You must not forget me.”
When Sirone looked to the side, Wild West was spinning a 44 Magnum.
The horse was a 44 Magnum, but it was a weapon with the strongest single-shot power in high gear.
The operator lowered the raised arm.
‘It’s a solar war.’
Watching the users from Dongguk running from afar, she bent her legs.
The arm behind her crossed her head, and she said while aiming at the black longboard.
“… … Come on.”
said the Wild West, filling a .44 magnum with a bony hand.
“If you push too hard, your undefeated record could be cracked, right? What is it like for a lady to quietly stay in the palace?”
The operator checked the satellite images.
‘I’m being pushed.’
It was only the beginning, but users from Dongguk were concentrating on this place.
If the undefeated operator is Seoguk’s morale, then Dongguk’s morale wants to defeat her.
‘It might be helpful if I don’t step out.’
That’s what he thought, but the operator’s will rooted even deeper into the ground.
“Then break it.”
I thought it was my own reward for Yahweh 2, who sincerely accepted the solar war.
“This may be your only chance. And maybe… … Yahweh 2 would be undefeated too?” The people who were watching the broadcast became agitated.
“What are you talking about? Yahweh 2 is not even a ranker, so why does the operator care so much?”
“I know. Aren’t you just a celebrity?”
On the other hand, the rankers who were actually playing the solar war felt it with their skin.
‘This solar war is different from usual.’
All the guild members of the Ring of Gold were moving towards supporting Yahweh 2.
The Wild West opened its mouth and thought.
‘Are you trying to say that the death of Yahweh 2 is not free from fraud? Well, it can be seen that the risk is greater on this side, which is only level 307.’
Aegis communicated.
– This is the boss’s order to proceed as it is.
“okay.”
Wild West at gunpoint.
“Let’s go.”
A powerful bullet was fired, and the operator moved the hump with an afterimage.
With sparks flying on the blade as a signal flare, the elements of the East and West countries clashed.
The scene spread through the relay screen.
It was a matter of great interest to the extent that even users who were playing Solar Field left the screen open.
Rankers gathered one after another, and now even those belonging to the second generation joined, and the battlefield with Yahweh 2 turned into the core of the solar war in an instant.
707, the Destroyer Demon, firing firearms, shouted through a friend’s channel.
-hey! Look at the relay screen! I’m caught on the screen right now, right? that’s me!
Death Princess’ voice trembled.
-That’s right. To think we were caught on the main screen of the solar warfare. Isn’t that how you become famous? ho ho ho!
The strongest code name said.
– I’m already a celebrity. Users from all continents are watching us.
“good! I am the God of Destruction!” The moment the Demon God of Destruction 707 rushes with increased output, augmented reality picks up and turns off.
‘ uh’?’
After a while, the aircraft exploded, and Death Kong Ju and the strongest code name turned their bodies like mirrors.
“Damn God of Destruction!”
The West Country’s ranker little witch was stepping on the broken body.
“hi?”
It was only a simulation, but the moment they heard the voice, it felt like their souls were frozen.
Moments later, two explosions erupted in quick succession.
4 What? ”
Sirone confirmed the deaths of her friends, but had no time to care about anything else.
Aegis joined the battlefield.
– Yahweh 2. I’ll cover it.
Even if they fought on an equal footing, the lack of power coming from the difference in level was unavoidable.
‘Auxiliary charging device… … Just as Sirone was about to back down, her little witch threw all her grenades at her.
“Catch Yahweh 2!”
After hearing her words, the West Country rankers realized that an explosion occurred as they focused their firepower.
“Whoa!”
After escaping through the paper, Sirone stumbled and stood up, but a shadow shimmered in the mist.
It was the Wild West.
“Gel gel gel.”
Isolated by the bombardment, he kept pulling the trigger and turning the empty magazine.
“It was unlucky.”
The operator who appeared like a ghost shouted at his high gear.
You can hear the sound of gas penetrating.
“… … Excellent judgment.”
Shirone, who jumped over the code with Bajiro, was stabbed in front of the Wild West.
‘It’s better for me to die.’
The Wild West met eyes with Yahweh 2.
“It’s a debt.”
His hand was filling the magazine even as he watched the electricity flow through the entire aircraft.
The black field comes out.
At the same time that Yahweh 2 collapsed, the muzzle of the 44 Magnum spewed fire forward.
bang! bang! bang!
Operator fled to the side.
‘That’s dangerous.’
All users of the solar cell flinched as the smoke from the grenade stopped and was captured on the relay screen.
‘ what?’
Yahweh 2 was down.
‘For now, one win.’
The operator, who raised the count coldly, threw himself in search of another prey.
‘Sacrificing considering power was good. But what about Dongguk’s fraud?’ Aegis communicated to Fermi.
– Yahweh 2 is dead! Back to the starting point! Abandon the battle point and retreat?
– Just hold on. I’ll come back anyway
-But now Dongguk’s morale is… … .
– I’ll go up.
-yes?
When Aegis narrowed his eyes and asked, Fermi burst into laughter.
– Kuck. Kkkkkkk.
If you sincerely want to become a high gear user.
-president?
?Hold on.
Fermi’s speed, galloping furiously, was transmitted over the communication frequency.
-Because that will be the most fun place.

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-1085.txt
=============YYYYY=============
solar power (4)
Dongguk starting point.
Sirone woke up in a temporary barracks located under the Zeta Plateau at an altitude of 600 meters.
It was in mid gear, and it was fast charging.
‘Still, 20 minutes have passed.’
Because the delay that occurs here is large, the penalty of death is incurred.
Upon opening the door and going out, numerous guild 3s were arranging the resurrected ones.
There are a total of three starting locations, but there were more than 100 users at these locations alone.
“Yahweh 2.”
The Demon God of Destruction 707, who woke up almost simultaneously in Mid Gear, was approaching.
Princess Death’s right arm was missing.
“You are dead too. Sorry. We should have protected you a little longer, but when we thought that all the users were staring at us, we forgot our original mission.
‘We should have died instead of Yahweh 2.’
They were mortified that a moment’s error in judgment had had such a result.
“are you okay. The fact that we made a mistake means that Seoguk also made the same mistake. The perfect side doesn’t win. It’s a battle of how quickly you can control the variables.”
they raised their heads
“When Seoguk makes two mistakes, if Dongguk makes one mistake, that in itself is an advantage. Let’s focus on winning. It’s not that Dongguk is weak enough to turn the tide just because we broke away.” Regaining courage from Sirone’s consolation, the Destruction Demon 707 and the others nodded.
“huh. From now on, I won’t care about relaying.”
The third generation of gold coins approached carrying a load on a cart and started maintenance.
The Princess of Death’s right arm was re-equipped, and the others were provided with auxiliary items.
‘It’s a huge fight over quantity.’
Large guilds had several of the same parts in preparation for the death penalty.
Armor-piercing shells and grenades were loaded, and auxiliary charging devices were issued to each personnel.
He looked back at Yahweh 2, who was listening to the explanation of the strongest code name from the 3 Jin of the golden ring.
‘Are you okay?’
never is perfect
Can there be a more confident statement about war, the totality of relativity?
‘But it’s something no one can say. How many battlefields do you have to experience… …
Is it possible to have such a confident voice?
The golden ring 3 Jin said.
“This is an order to return as soon as possible. Use boosters when going up the plateau.”
Depending on how you climb the 600m height, the total power consumption changes greatly.
‘Is the initial strategy an emergency maneuver?’ Since the battle for momentum was not yet over, Sirone also agreed and left the barracks.
“let’s go!”
Dozens of users simultaneously started the rocket engine and ascended the plateau.
-Yahweh 2. Joining the battlefield.
When the guild communicated, Aegis replied.
– It’s a melee. If you can’t get there in 7 minutes, you’d better take a detour and hit the center.
When I checked the satellite image, users called Seoguk’s nae were gathering.
In the center of it, Yoga’s son was seen.
‘He fights well.’
Even in the middle of the operator and the little witch’s pincer attack, he skillfully bought time.
‘The operator is outside. Therefore, tactically, stabbing the Sun Palace is the best.’
The reason Fermi handed over the option was because he did not know Sirone’s current condition.
– Join. I’ll go turbo.
After a while, the answer came.
-I agree.
As Yahweh 2’s aircraft accelerated, the distance with Destruction Demon 707 gradually widened.
“Wow, they’re faster than us now.”
The strongest code name smirked.
“It was going to be like that anyway. let’s do what we can You’re going to win the solar war.”
Death Princess said.
“huh. Whether or not it is captured on the relay screen.” After exchanging glances, they nodded and activated their boosters.
Meanwhile, a familiar code name appeared in front of Sirone as he headed towards the center of the battlefield.
“You son of a bitch!”
West country ranker Bishamuncheon’s aircraft blocked Shi Lone’s way like an iron wall.
The moment all kinds of firearms spewed out fire, Sirone hurriedly threw herself away.
‘Sheesh, of course.’
The time Aegis requested is now 3 minutes.
“Ha ha ha! what’s the matter? It looks like you’re busy on your way, right? But you will die by my hand…
Before he could finish his words, the God of Destruction 707 slammed his machine into Bishamuncheon’s side.
With a thump, the huge body was pushed away, and Choi Kang-ko Demyeong and Death Princess joined while shooting.
“Yahweh 2! go! We’ll take care of this!”
“but… …
Even if the three of them worked together, they could not compete with Bishamuncheon, a ranker in the west country.
707, the God of Destruction hanging from the giant body, met his eyes.
“Don’t make mistakes twice. yes?” It doesn’t matter if it’s a bullet shield.
Turning to the front, Sirone even withdrew her last gaze.
“Da Vinci.”
As the back shoulders opened and energy was output, the scenery rushed in rapidly.
Upon arriving at the target point, more than 30 rankers were fighting each other.
‘operator.’
Sirone ignored them and charged.
Aegis is dead.
It must have been the 7 minutes she said, and Yoga’s son was dealing with the operator and the little witch.
Yahweh 2 was caught on the relay screen again.
“Arrived.”
While the users’ eyes were focused, the little witch’s eyes suddenly opened up.
‘I catch it.’
Even if it was a simulation, it was unpleasant for Sirone to be killed by someone else.
As she rushed to Yahweh2, Yolgah’s son grabbed her by the wrist and dragged her.
A confrontation between output and output.
“Huh!”
As she was dragged away, pushed by the power of the engine, a knife-clawed hand flew out.
The little witch ducked her head to evade and used her left hand as a weapon to attack Yolga’s son.
Puff puff puff puff!
The sparks exploded, and Yoga’s son, who had distanced himself, spoke, maintaining a defensive posture.
“Are you proud? Because we are not the main characters here.”
“you… …
Just as the little witch was about to speak, a terrible roar erupted from the operator’s side.
“collapse.”
Turning his head at the familiar noise, numerous rankers were colliding in the air.
Yoga’s son laughed bitterly.
“That is hard.”
A rare secret technique that always kept Operators alive even in critical situations.
‘what… … Although the one I got is a monster.’
Blacksmith is a crafting item.
In order to collect all the parts of the 7-step process, you have to go around the world of High Gear dozens of times.
The operator aimed at the Yahweh 2 at a place where fragments of the aircraft were pouring like rain.
“I will definitely finish it.”
After clearing the rankers with the collapse, she thought to show the difference in her skills this time.
Sirone activated the Michelan gun.
‘Everyone is fighting.’
Even if it wasn’t real, the hearts of the friends who sacrificed themselves for Sirone were real.
‘I’m fighting too.’
I finally felt that I was living in this world.
‘so that.’
resonance.
Sirone’s senses permeated the array of codes that made up the simulation.
‘so that.’
The world is not different from me.
As the sphere of light created by Michelangeon shook, the entire landscape began to shake.
Regardless of East and West, the users of the Solar Field stopped the battle with a surprised expression.
“uh? uh?”
What appears on the relay screen is like the sun.
Floating above Yahweh 2’s head was a golden orb over 10 meters in diameter.
“Keugh!”
The operator hastily applied the brakes.
‘What is that?’
It was a photon of a size that even she, the first designer of High Gear, could not have imagined.
When Yahweh 2 fired a flash of light, the operator’s artificial intelligence outputted attack information.
– Barrage level, level 879.
She was terrified in front of the trajectory of direct fire and the difficulty of avoiding defined only by speed.
‘blood… …
Before he could finish his thoughts, the flash hit him directly and a shock wave swept the area.
Woooooooooooooooooooooooooh!
The operator’s conference room analyzing the site was quiet.
Someone shot at him as if he was frustrated.
“How many? tell me quickly.”
The lollipop mark lit up.
“2.1 million force.”
The atmosphere became more stuffy, and the silence was going to be much longer than expected.
‘It’s not an illegal program. But you can’t use this power with the Michelan gun. That means it can be used infinitely.’
It’s an obvious loss of balance.
‘Should I take urgent action?’
If only one Michelan thing could decide the outcome of the solar war, users would say something.
‘But on the contrary… …
Wouldn’t that become a problem later if we patch while the solar war is in progress?
“I’ll watch it for now.”
The gear mark said.
“Because I approved the operator’s play to prepare for this unexpected situation.”
Where they looked again, a crater was clearly formed.
Users of the solar cell were mesmerized by the screen.
“oh my god… …
Even in images taken at altitude,
It was a huge depression that could be confirmed as
“Whoa.”
In the center of it, the operator who had driven the black field into the ground was kneeling on one knee.
“Just blocked.”
In a split second, what they saw was the black magnetic field expanding to enormous size.
Fermi murmured.
“Did you use all the remaining output on collapse?”
Although separate from the power of the high gear, the charging time was much longer than that of Michelan.
‘Then now is the opportunity.’ Even if he loses Collapse, his Operator is strong, but at least his win rate is realistic.
Users in Dongguk shouted.
“Go, Yahweh2! Kill the Operator!”
Burying the cheers of a thousand people in her chest, Sirone jumped into the crater.
The operator’s eyes lit up.
‘The power is ambiguous.’
Because she fought to the end without dying once, her power was lower than other rankers.
The symbol of an operator was to cleanly annihilate the enemy and return leisurely, but now the situation was in front of the enemy.
’19 percent. I can hold out for a while. Destroy Yahweh 2 and go to the Palace of the Sun… …
The next moment, she bit her lower lip and started running towards the Sun Palace.
There was a stir in front of the relay screen.
“What, what?”
The operator is running away.
It was the first time in the history of High Gear that they were shocked.
“Could it be because of the undefeated record?”
Obviously losing 1 is painful.
However, the appearance of running away to protect the 1st loss was also never honorable.
Sirone chased after the operator.
‘It’s not because of the honor.’
The reason she remains undefeated… … .
‘Because this is everything. Because this world that escaped from reality must be real.’
Defeat is to think that death is soon.
‘How much I wish I didn’t want to go back.’ Although he fully understands the injuries the Operator received, Sirone also knows.
Death is not so light.
‘Resonance, Da Vinci.’
As the metal wings were activated, Yahweh 2’s aircraft was shot forward like bullets.
The operator gritted his teeth and ran.
‘Never die.’
this world is real
The emotions of parents who fight every day, and the guilt of abandoning them are just illusions.
‘You mustn’t die. the moment you die… … I mean, I realized
Where reality is, in fact, who you are who knows it all.
mind is impatient
Even the body that was proud to be the strongest in High Gear couldn’t let her mind go to the sun palace.
And at that moment, something quickly passed by and blocked her path.
‘Yahweh 2.’
In the rigid accident, the black field was swung, and Sirone’s aircraft jumped over the code.
‘Double jump?’
Take a picture from afar and come closer.
Cirone, who avoided the black field with a gap of 1 millimeter, activated Raphael and Da Vinci at the same time.
Quaang!
Yahweh 2’s fist shot like a rocket and pierced the operator’s chest.
“Ouch… …
Her expression was so terrified that it couldn’t be considered a simulation.
While the entire continent fell silent, Sirone stabbed her fist and spoke.
“operator.”
Her eyes moved slowly.
“Now it’s one win and one loss.”
The moment I saw the smiling Yahweh 2, the damaged high gear started to run fast.
pounding, pounding.

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-1086.txt
=============YYYYY=============
reroread(1)
It was such a shock that all the users fighting in the solar war stopped.
“The operator… …
Sirone’s hand, which had penetrated the pit of the stomach, was sticking out of her back.
undoubtedly fatal.
“Huh.”
As he pulled out his arm, electricity flowed through the operator’s body as he staggered forward.
The moment she raised her head while clenching her teeth, her body exploded with a bang.
“He died.”
It was the same effect as any other user, but for some reason it looked even more brilliant.
Users even felt fear in this unprecedented situation in the history of High Gear.
What to do now?
At that time when no one could give a direction, Sirone looked back to the country and shouted.
“Come on, let’s go!”
As if attracted to that voice like a magnet, users in Dongguk burst into cheers.
“I knocked down the operator! Not invincible! From now on, the era of Dongguk is coming!”
When the soldiers of Dongguk activated the turbo, the tense wires were pushed back 300 meters in an instant.
Yoga’s son smiled bitterly.
‘Literally momentum.’
Their excitement was at its peak, and they were eager to fight right now.
Communication came from Aegis.
– Shall I control it? If you force it too hard, it may take a delay later.
– Leave it. I can’t control this anyway.
It was a 1 defeat to the strongest machine in High Gear.
-In other words, it was impossible to create this level of momentum without Yahweh 2. By luring the troops of Dongguk to key occupied areas. It’s good to keep it there.
-All right.
Fermi looked back at the little witch.
“Are you going to do more?”
She seemed to have no will to fight, as she had been threatening to kill herself just a moment ago.
“The condition to defeat the operator in a duel has been cleared. Is there anything left for Yahweh 2?”
“There is.”
Sirone will not stop.
“You know what kind of guy he is.”
If it was all about producing results, there would be no room left for the operator.
“I will not give up until I understand myself. So I have no choice but to continue.”
“After-sales service is sure. It is also a large company.”
“… … Customers are picky.”
From the position of the golden ring, Sirone was the truth among truths.
“Haha, I still want to hold it.” Without answering that, Fermi turned on her booster and took off.
“Let’s have fun. Dongguk will win.”
As he headed to the hideout in Dongguk, the little witch also turned toward the Sun Palace.
“Hmm.”
I was curious about the operator’s face.
operator’s conference room.
The death of the operator was shocking to the operator as well as the users.
“… … Did you lose?” Messages that arrived individually to the operators burst out in succession through shared channels.
“Ugh! It’s a surprise. What is it, what’s up’?”
Smile Mark said.
“It’s a flood of bulletin boards. It seems that users are uploading scenes of the operator’s death.”
As each one checked the bulletin board, the video was literally pouring down like a waterfall.
“Title, operator dead! The bulletin board that was first uploaded has already exceeded 7,000 views.”
“It is such a shocking event. To be honest, I never thought the Operator would lose either.”
Lollipop Mark said.
“About that, it’s strange that Yahweh 2 jumped the code twice at the end. He knows where the second door is before he even opens the one in front of him.”
“Hmm, it’s not something a guest can do.”
“yes. Only the landlord knows where all the doors are. This is clearly the prerogative of the host.”
The gear mark said.
“The operator is also a host. Even if it was a surprise situation, it is impossible to predict
wouldn’t you?”
“If you look at the log, you can see the stiffness of the moment. I’m human anyway. Again, the problem is Yahweh 2. It is a state where the senses have already risen to the point where it can no longer be called an individual’s individuality.”
Silence fell in the meeting room.
“Look at this.”
A black circle mark popped up a window.
“This is the current movement of Yahweh 2.”
What was seen was not images, but numerous codes running, so it was even more shocking.
“The code… …
As the code of Yahweh 2 was changed, the entire code was changing in real time.
It was a strange texture, as if a convex lens were moving on the screen.
Smile Mark asked.
“How does this happen? Can one user change the external code at will?”
“It’s not changing.”
The gear mark said.
“It is not artificial manipulation. The code is being reorganized automatically in line with the changes in Yahweh 2.”
Yo muttered.
“Is it that the balance does not collapse because it moves with the system?”
Lollipop Mark agreed.
“yes. Actually, Yahweh 2’s status doesn’t change much. Perhaps it is the limit of the entire system to handle the vibration of Yahweh 2.”
“Hmm, if it’s not something you can tell with your head, it would be right to say that you’ve completely assimilated it. It’s like a resonance. It means shaking together.”
said the black circle mark.
“After all, high gear is safe. not even an error However, the host’s authority has already been exceeded, and the operator is defeated in play. Now, what are we going to do?”
Amidst the silence, someone made a shrieking noise.
“Where the hell did Number Seven go?”
The Ascension Guild, which has the authority of the 1st Mercury, is resurrected in the Palace of the Sun when it dies.
After 20 minutes of rapid charging, the mid gear opened and the operator slowly opened his eyes.
All scenery was unfamiliar.
She did not open a communication channel until reaching the solar furnace with low gear.
‘dead.’
Upon checking the satellite image, Dongguk’s troops were rushing toward the Palace of the Sun.
‘It’s still okay.’
It was common for the tide to come closer and closer to the palace of the sun as the tide ebbed and flowed repeatedly.
Kneeling in front of the low gear, the operator surveyed the battlefield.
Nothing caught my eye.
“ha!”
Leaning her upper body back, she straightened her bent knees and lay on her back.
“What do we do?”
really dead
Aside from the promise she made with Yahweh, there was no world she could escape to.
“This was everything.”
Because I thought it was the end the moment I died even once, High Gear was able to become real.
But on the other hand… … .
‘What’s different?’
He was resurrected intact and could only see himself thinking about this and that.
“haha! Ha ha ha ha ha!”
It’s ridiculous.
‘Yeah, I know. I know. There is no such thing as the real world, anywhere.
just i… …
He said he was just afraid to throw his heart out.
‘Yahweh 2.’
Through the satellite screen, she watched Yahweh 2 fighting against the powerful of the West Country.
‘what? A tiger?’
Seoguk Duel Ranking 3rd.
It was a powerful man with strong claws on a glossy cobalt blue aircraft.
‘Pretty good. I told you to come to our guild… …
Recalling that time, Michelangeon’s huge flash hit the tiger directly.
‘It was a bit lacking. It looks like the power of the Michelan gun has gone down. Did you keep fighting?’ As expected, a tiger with one arm blown off
aimed at Yahweh2’s back and rushed at him.
‘Oh, air god.’
The air bullet from the air god mounted on Sirone’s left arm hit the tiger.
‘Ignoring durability. It’s an excellent choice. However, the basic damage is fixed at 10.’
Even with the Michelan gun, it would take hundreds of rounds to destroy a piece of armor.
‘LeRoread. There’s never a chance the bullet will run out. Was the motive a person named Gaold?’
It was an intense dream.
Yahweh 2 jumped over the code and continued to accumulate damage to the tiger’s gloves.
‘That was kind of annoying. Of course you won’t be beaten twice. I must have been terrified at that time.’
The tiger’s fuselage exploded.
“Really good.”
Even though they are enemies, Yahweh 2’s skills have improved so much that they praised them with their voice.
“Nobody can catch that. I don’t know if it’s me……
her voice faded.
‘I want to do it again.’
I wanted to smell gunpowder with countless users in the world of high gear.
“One win, one loss.”
Oh, I see.
The operator lifted his upper body and opened the communication channel with a smile.
“It was one win and one loss.”
-hey! What are you doing with communication off! Can’t you see the solar power is being pushed back? How can I do it?
-Oh oh! Captain Resurrection! Don’t be discouraged if you die once! All you have to do is win the battle against the sun!
When I opened all the doors of the Palace of the Sun, all sorts of loud noises rushed in.
The operator pulled out his hump.
– Gather at the Sun Palace, the 1st Jin in the West! Attract Dongguk and then catch it! Then it’s the reverse!
-okay! nice!
Aegis, who quickly sensed the change in the West Country, communicated with Yoga’s son.
– I’m tempted. What should I do?
-I guess he’s going to pick and catch only rankers. It’s a good decision, but it’s easier said than done.
-Because the Golden Coins are pros. If you look at the skills of rankers alone, they are ahead of Seoguk.
That’s why it’s like taking a gamble in Seoguk.
– It’s been a long time since I’ve been in the middle of a long time. It must mean that he has the confidence to catch Yahweh 2. Guess it. let’s go in
-But responding obediently O…
-It’s after-sales service.
Aegis immediately nodded.
-All right.
Fermi laughed as he watched the Dongguk 1st team head towards the Sun Palace.
‘Is it the burning heart of an adolescent girl?’
anyway.
“There are too many truths.” 6 hours after start of solar war. Leaving the users of the battlefield behind, rankers called me clashed inside the Sun Palace.
In terms of skills, Dongguk had the advantage, but Seoguk also had the advantage of being a home ground.
-You can’t go long term. The speed of convergence in the West is twice as fast as in the East. 20 or 40 minutes. If you go beyond that, you will be pushed out of using delay.
While the son of Yolgah and the little witch were fighting bloodily, the operator rushed in.
“Yahweh 2!”
The Operator, who had already killed 13 rankers, raised his black suit towards Sirone.
‘This is the end.’
From the moment the enemy was brought into the Palace of the Sun, Seoguk also hit Baejin.
“Hey, do it, do it.”
Yahweh 2 and the Operator collided where all eyes were focused on High Gear.
“Keugh!”
Yahweh 2’s aircraft was pushed at a terrifying speed by the head-to-head direct attack.
The shadow that pierced the wall split in two and collided again with great speed.
“wow.”
host level.
A golden flash of light shone, and the black sphere of magnetic field bounced off it and spun.
bang! bang! bang! bang!
It was a clash of fists against fists, firearms against firearms, output against output, everything they had.
‘It’s really old.’
We both had the same thoughts.
‘I can’t win.’
After trying everything out, the two of them were able to come to a final conclusion.
“I.”
“you.”
After activating Da Vinci, Sirone threw out her right arm clad in a steel glove at terrifying speed.
” lost.”
operator.
The operator’s bangs went over due to the wind pressure, and a fist pierced the pit of the stomach with a bang.
“How is it, Yahweh 2?”
The users in front of the billboard stared intently at her bare face, which was revealed for the first time.
“High gear, isn’t it fun?”
Sirone sincerely nodded.
“huh. It’s really fun.”
“lol.”
The smile on her face is much younger than I thought.
visible… … .
“I knew it.”
It was the look of an ordinary girl.

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-1087.txt
=============YYYYY=============
reroread(2)
The pure smile of the operator caught on the display board came as a twist to the users.
It was far from the beauty that was sublimated into a god in everyone’s imagination… … .
“It is pretty.”
I could laugh just like them.
“huh. pretty.”
As Yahweh2 removed his arm, the operator who had stumbled back slowly raised his head.
“I lost. and solar conduction. Perhaps by the time you resurrect, everything will be over… …
High gear overloaded.
“Enjoy it until the end.”
As the engine exploded, her body was scattered into fragments and disappeared.
“Whoaaaa!”
Users in Dongguk let out a cheer.
“rush! Charge into the Sun Palace!”
Since it is a system that can be resurrected, the end of the solar war was always the annihilation of one side.
As the balance of power collapsed rapidly, the number of users in Seoguk decreased by 100 units.
Users from the same country swayed like huge waves and completely occupied the Palace of the Sun.
“arrive! Arrival!”
Although it is the 3rd camp, because it belongs to the golden ring, the Demon God of Destruction 707 was able to enter the interior.
“Come on, you bastards!”
I shouted out loud and looked inside, but the rankers of the West Country of America were nowhere to be seen.
The only surviving little witch raised her hands while surrounded.
“surrender. I will surrender, so don’t kill me. It’s still a long way for rankers to resurrect anyway.”
Death is common, but Uorin wanted to stay until the end to watch over Sirone.
“I’m sorry.”
Yolgha’s son held the gun.
“Because I can’t leave the variables behind. Making sure things are done is the golden ring’s motto.”
As I was aiming at my forehead as if waiting for the penetration test, the little witch murmured.
“… … you bastard.”
Fermi laughed cheerfully.
“Please visit us again next time.”
Fermi was much more comfortable dealing with Urin than Sirone or Operator.
‘It’s not the truth.’
A single gunshot went off and the little witch fell backwards.
Finally, when all the rankers of the West Country disappeared from the Sun Palace, all that was left was occupation.
Fermi, who confirmed the coming of Yahweh 2 through video, said to the Demon God of Destruction 707 and the others.
“Uh.] You guys.”
“yes? yes!”
When the head of the guild called, those who belonged to the 3rd group came running nervously.
“Would you like to try it?”
“What?”
Fermi pointed to the low gear on the solar furnace.
“I mean occupation.”
If you enter the user code in the low gear on the siege side, the victory or defeat of the solar war will be decided.
Conversely, it was a system in which the defending side had to endure for 24 hours to win.
“Me, me?”
Therefore, when the situation was not urgent, most of the people who occupied low gear were rankers.
“okay. Since he belongs to the golden ring anyway, he can acquire the qualifications of the 1st Mercury Guild.”
“But there are also rankers… …
“haha! are you okay. Because they are all my employees.”
The gold ring was a pro for making money, so the honor of the solar war was fine.
“furthermore… …
Fermi remembered Sirone.
‘I mean he’ll like it.’
If you’re not 100% satisfied, even if you’re 99% good, it’s the customer who complains.
Death Princess said.
“let’s do it. When will I have a chance like this? All the users of High Gear are calling us
I will pay attention.”
“Is that right?”
Even at this moment, the video must be spinning, so the Destroyer Demon 707 straightened his back.
“Then I… …
With the Princess Death and the strongest code name on his left and right, he headed for low gear.
‘It’s chilly.’
Does it feel like everything is clear but you can’t feel anything?
The one who represents Dongguk, God of Destruction 707.
‘This is the weight of the crown.’
Suddenly realizing what he was feeling, he stopped walking and smiled.
“Whoops.”
The corners of his lips quivered.
‘This I… … Are you afraid?’ Death Princess whispered.
“What are you doing? I mean everyone is watching If I’m not going to do it, will I?”
“I will, I will.”
After taking a deep breath, Destruction Demon God 707 opened the core of the low gear and held out his hand.
When I put my palms together, the gauge that changed the user of the low gear rose quickly.
“Oohhh!”
Princess Death whispered, thinking that she would die of embarrassment.
“You don’t have to scream.”
While the strongest codename smiled, a message appeared on the screen of the low gear.
-Complete user switch. Codename Destruction Demon God 707. The power of the low gear is sent to the same country.
All the users in Dongguk who wanted to hear the last word raised their hands.
“I won!”
Bullets cut through the sky, and the Demon Demons of Destruction 707 and the others embraced each other and ran around.
When Yolga’s son looked back, Yahweh 2, who had just arrived, was smiling.
‘Great.’
Fermi, who confirmed by his expression that he was satisfied, let out a sigh of relief.
‘Now help me too.’
– The solar war has ended. With operator privilege, all users will be resurrected with charging completed.
The world was bathed in light.
Users from the East country gathered at the Palace of the Sun, and users from the West country resurrected on the outskirts of the plateau.
-The Solar War rankings are aggregated.
The ranking considering cumulative damage and number of user destructions rose from 1st to 100th.
There was no Yahweh 2.
“It’s a shame. He is the protagonist of this solar war.”
“It ended too early. If it had been over 12 hours like before, it would have been enough to be ranked.”
Sirone didn’t care, and after a while a message came from the operator.
-it’s me. resurrected
-okay.
– As promised, I will help you with your work. But before that, I have something to announce. I’m going to delete the codename.
Sirone didn’t respond.
– Even if it’s only 10 days in real life, the content changes a lot in High Gear. It is difficult to maintain rankings. To work with you in real life, that’s right.
Now that Sirone has become attached to high gear, he is not happy.
– Sorry, because of me.
-are you okay. Because the undefeated record was broken anyway. When I come back later, I also want to start over.
The communication ended like that, and the operator announced it to the world with the authority of the operator.
“I am the operator.”
At the sound of a ringing sound from the sky, all users from Dongguk in the Palace of the Sun came out.
“There were many issues in this solar war. More than anything else, my defeat will be the focus.”
It was quiet.
“Coming to think of it, a lot happened in high gear. It is a memory that cannot be replaced with anything.”
At the nuance of saying goodbye, the rankers also recalled the times they spent with her.
“Now I want to start anew. But before that, I have something to tell you.”
Notice paused for a moment.
It would be a big decision for the operator as well, so users could wait forever.
“As of this time, I… … That moment.
– After a while, an event will occur.
A system message blocked her voice.
“what?”
Amid the whispers of the users, the landscape on the horizon began to distort horribly.
‘I’m tearing the code.’
– New episodes. Dr. Martin’s Counterattack. He will descend to take away the sun forever.
Huge pupils stared at them from a hideous crack on the horizon.
“eye?”
The next moment, the eye broke through the landscape, revealing the face of Dr. Martin, made of scrap metal.
“At last the time has come! Foolish creatures of blood! I’ll make you pay for betraying God!”
The ground vibrated with just the sound.
With users unable to grasp the situation, the operator’s conference room became noisy.
“Stop it quickly! You didn’t even notice! Besides, what’s Dr. Martin’s counterattack?”
“It’s not the event I originally planned. Number seven who can do this.
“Whatever it is, finish it!”
said the black circle mark.
“Most of the operator rights are blocked. It’s a program that’s been put a lot of effort into making it. It is impenetrable right now.”
“??????what?”
Operators confirmed.
I accessed the code with my own authority, but only a message saying that approval was not allowed appeared.
“Such a madman… …
In a dark space, where hundreds of screens were floating, Number Seven was standing alone.
After checking everything that happened in high gear, he entered the final authorization code.
“This service ends.”
Dr. Martin’s machine, which took all of High Gear’s designs, entered the world.
Seeing the operator’s face reflected on the screen, Number Seven bit his lip.
“Are you going to quit?”
What have we done so far?
“No, you can never quit. So look carefully. The world of high gear… …
The world you loved the most.
“How can I abandon you?”
A roar erupted as Dr. Martin broke through the scenery and struck the ground with both fists.
“Finally, I have achieved my great ambition! I’ll destroy the low gear! Eternal life is over!”
The lower body was not visible.
Only the upper body, which penetrated the code, lay on the horizon like the dawning sun.
“what? What’s the new event like? How do you make power when the low gear is destroyed?”
– Start a new episode.
Dr. Martin’s facial expression twisted as his facial muscles were patched up with all sorts of iron structures.
“die.”
A beam from one eye ran while scratching the ground and burned the users of Seoguk.
“damage!”
Despite the quick response, 42 people disappeared, and after a while, the little witch received a message.
After receiving the report, she told the operator.
“Connection not possible.”
“what?”
“If you die, you get kicked out of high gear. I don’t know what caused it, but it said it couldn’t connect.”
The operator sent a message to the operator who finally felt that it was not serious.
?It’s a big deal! I think Number Seven is thinking of ending High Gear. The operators are also tied up.
“this… …
Before he could utter a word of rage, Dr. Martin scraped the ground with his second beam.
“Keugh!”
The number of deaths was lower than before, but Seoguk’s camp collapsed uncontrollably.
The voice of Yahweh 2 was heard.
“operator!”
Sirone, who arrived with users from the same country, stopped running as if sliding.
“What happened?”
“It’s an emergency. One of the operators raised a half flag. At this rate, the High Gear service will end.”
All conversations they had were delivered to users on the continent through bulletin boards.
cried Dr. Martin.
“Ha ha ha! Yeah, I wouldn’t dare to dare! In that case, I will get rid of the sun palace right now!”
Users groaned.
“Where is this law? I’ve been collecting parts as I’ve been through so many hardships! We have to stop it quickly!”
“How to stop it? Can’t you see the level?
Does level 3,300 make sense? furthermore… …
Users who checked the durability through augmented reality showed tired expressions.
-72,000,000/72,000,000
“you can do it.”
Sirone said.
“If users from East and West countries work together, we can catch it. It can’t end like this!”
“okay. fight.”
The operator turned around and shouted.
“All-in-one combat readiness! We will take down Dr. Martin and defend the Sun Palace! All users watching this video, please come to Zeta Plateau!”
Clap! Clap!
Dongguk and Seoguk loaded their bullets at the same time.

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-1088.txt
=============YYYYY=============
reroread(3)
“attack!”
Nearly 4,000 users gathered on the Zeta Plateau fired firearms at once.
It was much more powerful than the sum of the firepower that occurred during the first collision of the solar war.
“Damn it.”
Nevertheless, compared to the durability of 72 million, it was only a scratch level.
“Gaaaaa!” As Dr. Martin screamed, a powerful sound wave hit the user’s aircraft.
With resistance felt as if hit by a strong wind, the rankers jumped out to the fore.
“go! go! Let’s get it done quickly!”
As the users approached, Dr. Martin raised both fists and stamped hard into the ground.
Noise was mixed in the roar, as if it had exceeded the limit of the amount of sound that could be contained.
‘strong.’
It was so powerful that even a ranker equipped with powerful armor could die instantly with a single blow.
‘But the pattern is simple.’
Aegis made wide-area communications.
– As a result of the analysis so far, Dr. Martin’s patterns are three in total. Physical attack, beam attack, sound wave attack.
Even that was threatening to users with low levels, but rankers could avoid it.
The problem was durability.
“I’ll be thrilled.”
-Durability: 71,138,473/72,000,000 Dr. Martin did not even catch fire even in the state of full charge, the highest firepower section.
-Everyone back off!
The rankers who checked the satellite in Yahweh 2’s communication looked back with a surprised expression.
The sphere of light seen with the naked eye was vibrating with a much more violent feeling than the video.
‘You were concentrating the photons. About 1 minute?’
Yahweh 2, which had passed through all the rankers, fired the Michelan’s gun at Dr. Martin.
Aaaaaaaang!
The doctor’s face, which had not budged from the stray bullets, turned to the side as if it would break.
“what… …
The rankers doubted their eyes.
-Durability: 70,605,985/72,000,000 Aegis reported to Yolgas son.
– Impact amount 532,488. That’s an unbelievable number. 133 rounds left until total destruction.
– Duel level between users. Fermi stuck out her tongue.
‘The amplitude of the resonance meshes with the limits of the system. To exert even greater power than now, the condensation time has no choice but to increase exponentially. After all, one shot per minute.’
As Sirone stepped back, the operator entered.
‘collapse.’
As the black field hit the ground, the black magnetic field expanded like an explosion and pulled Dr. Martin in.
“Insignificant creatures!”
Tapping the ground with both hands, Dr. Bertin Martin’s torso collapsed.
“Gaaaaa! Aaaaaa!” Hearing screams mixed with noise, the users fired another volley.
“Is it surprising?”
Durability decreased faster than expected, and Yahweh 2’s Michelan’s gun, which was applied every minute, accelerated the damage.
“Win! you can do it!”
When it finally fell below 36 million, Dr. Martin’s weak spot caught fire.
And at that point, users near Zeta Plateau arrived one by one.
“Hurray! It is finally our world!”
The target they attacked was not Dr. Martin, but the fiercely fighting rankers.
Aegis communicated.
– Anarchists. It’s low level, but it will get in the way during a skirmish.
-Do you have anything grand to say? They’re just freaks. kick it out Because I can’t reconnect anyway.
Fermi is the head of one of the madmen
I grabbed it and pushed the electric shock.
“Aaaagh!”
The struggled aircraft exploded, and Yolga’s son shook his hands and split the smoke.
The little witch came.
“You work hard.”
“I have overtime. Is there a problem? Surely you don’t have it in your heart, do you?”
I punched a hole in the head of the little witch with the white flag.
“Of course I keep it. It’s my decision to take it out or not. What are you thinking anyway?”
“Shouldn’t we keep it for now? I think it’s like playing a hero to save the world.”
The little witch looked back at the operator.
“He is the person Yahweh 2 needs. We could write a program to mine Apocalypse.”
So it was a hindrance.
‘Shall I kill him?’
If you kill the operator, Sirone will be forced to come to Kashan.
I could feel the life in Yoga’s son.
“if… …
Wu Lin stopped talking.
“know. It’s a stupid idea. Maybe now is the point where the secrets of the world can be revealed.”
From the standards of high gear, the real world can be seen as the outside world.
Fermi agreed.
“When you go out into the real world, Argones activates. This is a fact confirmed in Apocalypse. But if it’s this place, and if it’s Yahweh 2, you might get some information. Of course, assuming you reach Ultima.”
“Will you come back?”
“The reason why Argones didn’t activate is probably because you have administrator authority. But if you turn that fact upside down and analyze it, the outside world didn’t recognize me as an enemy. If you come back to our world, it might all be over.”
“You have to find it in there.”
What Buddha knows, Yahweh must know.
“Yahweh 2’s stupid move is helpful in its own way, but it’s impossible for mankind to reach Ultima anyway.”
“Because humans basically hate others. If he says the majority is right, he will surely have a minority to rebel against.”
As her back opened, eight guided missiles flew with their tails hanging down.
Nearby mobs exploded.
“It’s these guys. How nice it would be if it was this easy in real life…”
“I have my own plans. I don’t know if Yahweh2 will understand, but annihilation will be prevented.”
“Yolga… …
This time Fermi stopped talking.
“no. It’s a business. If everyone dies, who will I get money from?”
Looking at the smiling Fermi, it seemed easier to understand when there was no expression.
“I will help you.”
The little witch raised her index finger.
“If I help you, it will be much easier to lay the boards. Instead, we share the information we get here.”
‘I knew it.’
It was like poisoned candy, but Uorin’s understanding of the system was unmatched.
“I also propose. A puppet called Yahweh 2, I am the only one who moves.”
If he gave the key to Uorin, who wanted to own Sirone, there was a high possibility that he would run out of control.
“good. You take charge here.”
After the conclusion, Fermi asked.
“How are you? A guy named Number Seven seems to be instigating it, so what if we use him to create a game?”
“I know the location, but it will be useless. Even if you kill him, the creature doesn’t disappear. You will only end up hating Yahweh 2 for no reason.”
‘Should I finally settle it here?’ Aegis communicated.
– The number of anarchists is growing. I think there are about 1,000 people.
It was a fairly large number, but it was only natural when you recall where this place was.
– Release the hounds.
The gold coin moved, and the subordinates who received Uorin’s instructions began to hunt the idiot.
In the meantime, the troops who participated in the solar war desperately drove Dr. Martin.
‘790,000 durability! It’s just now!’
Although it lost 80 users, it was a good performance against the most powerful machine ever.
At the center of that propaganda was Sirone.
‘One last shot!’ After checking the falling durability level in real time, Sirone fired the Michelan gun.
“Gaaaaa!”
The huge body of Dr. Martin, whose body was burning with fire, began to fall forward.
“Aww! damage!”
An earthquake of inconceivable mass is driven into the ground and an earthquake occurs…
It was quiet for a while.
“I did it. You really did it.”
72 million durability was all cut off.
“We won… … !” At that moment, Dr. Martin’s head exploded with a bang, causing a new death.
“what? The last pattern?”
What a pitiful thought that was, everyone realized the next moment.
-Dr. Martin’s Counterattack. He showed his true colors. An artificial intelligence driven by madness will eliminate you.
At the point where the head exploded, a crab-like aircraft with 14 legs walked out.
Information appeared in augmented reality.
-Dr. Martin (body).
Users who confirmed that it was level 4,500 checked the durability in a daze.
– Endurance:
750,000,000/750,000,000
“750 million… …
A low, emotionless machine voice flowed from the gigantic machine.
“jeon. person. Ryu. perish. fat.”
A siren sounded, and a black curtain spread like a net from the back of the body.
All of them were grenades and started flying towards the user at breakneck speed.
Pupper puffer puffer puff! Mushroom clouds of explosions rushed across the vast land as if they were sprinkled from the sky.
Communications were flooded while half of the users who participated in the solar war died.
– Organize the battle lines! fight again!
When the smoke cleared, the sky was covered with countless mechanical creatures.
Users were stunned by the number that made them lose their fighting spirit just by looking at it.
‘It’s over.’
When everyone thought so, there was a user who rushed towards the body.
“operator!”
Running at the speed of sound, she pulled out the black field horizontally and gnashed her teeth.
“Number Seven… …
I knew it wasn’t a simple game after seeing the durability of 750 million.
“Are you going to destroy my world?”
If I die, I die, but I couldn’t see it with my own eyes, and this time I was serious.
“You son of a dog!”
Arriving at the main body avoiding the barrage, she swung her sword while increasing the output of her high gear.
“Do you think I will be taken away by someone like you?” He tried to wield the black field countless times, but the main body scratched the beam on the ground without paying attention.
Through the satellite screen, I saw the images of users who were being attacked by creatures. The rankers were also helpless.
“die! die!”
As he swung his sword in anger, a shadow fell over his head.
The body’s legs aimed at her and began to fall downward with all its might.
The operator put out a hump.
“Yaaaaa!”
Her mind was stunned by the mass she felt throughout her body the moment iron and iron met.
The blade shattered like glass.
‘I’m angry.’
The moment the huge legs try to crush her.
When the main body’s legs came to a standstill, the operator doubted his own eyes.
“Uh, how… … ?”
Before she knew it, Yahweh 2, who had arrived next to her, was enduring the weight of the main body with her bare body.
“The system is broken.”
As Dr. Martin’s main body completely came out of this world, the system was damaged.
Therefore, pagye.
“then… …
Sirone can also reach the unique signal that is the final destination of this world.
‘Inert.’
When Yahweh 2 widened its eyes, the main body let out a mad sound and slowly raised its legs.
“Get out quickly!”
The operator who came to his senses threw himself, and Sirone spurred the ground out of the radius.
With a thump and the ground shaking, Sirone flew high into the sky.
‘There is no fixed form.’
As the sphere of light condensed on the Michelan tendon grew exponentially, two suns appeared in the sky.
The moment the operator looked up, Sirone fired the flashlight straight down.
“Kiaaaaaaaaa!”
The sound generated by the body’s system sounded like a machine screaming.
– Endurance:
660,989,764/750,000,000
‘Power of 89 million?’
Subsequently, all 14 legs were bent, and the body was crushed to the ground.
– Endurance:
420,818,812/750,000,000
‘Additional damage. I pressed it with force.’
When the roar subsided, Fermi, still in a calm state, looked back at the body.
“It’s mute.”
There’s no doubt that he’s a guy who can do it in real life.
“Well then… …
Numerous creatures were harassing users in each city of High Gear.
“It is uncharted territory from now on.”
Ultima System.

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-1089.txt
=============YYYYY=============
reroread(4)
The average level of creatures bombing all cities in high gear reached 700.
Compared to Dr. Martin, it was weak, but it was a figure that exceeded the existing high gear boss creature.
“jeon. person. Ryu. perish. fat.”
A bombardment broke out.
All the structures that were beautiful or that were at the cutting edge of technology were collapsing.
“shit! I feel dirty! Don’t do this kind of simulation. Hey, everyone wants me to go.”
Users tried to disconnect, but no one was able to escape.
“What, what?”
After confirming the system message that the connection could not be terminated, they felt fear.
“Ki-yi-yi!”
Creatures resembling bats fell from a high altitude and attacked and bit users.
“Eh? Gaa! what’s this?”
– An unknown program was detected.
When the artificial intelligence was infected with a virus, users started attacking other users.
“you idiot! What if they shoot us!”
“jeon. person. Ryu. perish. fat.”
The infected spit out the same sound, and the city turned into an abyss in an instant.
Number Seven, watching the end of High Gear in a dark space, was distraught.
“Are you satisfied now?”
It was a world the Operator loved.
“I knew from the beginning. adolescent cow
It’s like the girl’s feelings, knowing that she was used.”
In the future, she will live a reality.
‘It would be nice.’
You will forget the action that took place in the virtual world and exchange your heart with real people.
“Sheesh! live well.”
In fact, I hoped that would be the case, but why was my heart so empty?
“Number Seven!”
A sound was heard from beyond the darkness, and an electromagnetic field spread as if it had hit a transparent wall.
Operators were infiltrating.
“hey! What are you doing? Why don’t you stop the event soon? This is how high gear ends.”
“… … No fuss.”
Number Seven looked back at the imaginary wall where the electromagnetic field was rippling.
“It’s just the end of one simulation. It’s not a big deal if one of these is gone, right?”
“it’s crazy? The three eggs we’ve made so far. Are you saying you can break it at will?”
“Are we making it? Only operators can create this world. We’re replaceable, but we’re not operators. But you said you’d quit.”
“So if we stay and hold on… …
“I hate that!”
Number Seven shouted.
“What do you leave behind? To remain so filthy and become a guard dog for an abandoned house? I do not want to.”
At that moment, a small child’s body with a lollipop broke through the dark space and entered.
“Number Seven hyung.”
“sugar loaf?”
It was impossible to move because it was blocked by the firewall, but it was an amazing skill just to have penetrated this far.
“Brother, I have something to tell you. Block the signals going out for a while.”
“I have nothing to say. And when did you see it, brother? How do I know if I am a man or a woman?”
“I have met the operator noona.”
Signal is blocked.
“what? where?”
“In real life. My sister is busy playing in-play, so I went to see her.”
For Number Seven, it was more shocking than the Operator kissing Yahweh 2.
“Why are you?”
“I was just curious. When I said I really wanted to see it, they told me to come to the studio.”
I was also curious about the number seven.
“How was it?”
“Haha, it’s the same. He’s rude and doesn’t talk much. I don’t think it’s a bad personality though. They gave me sweets too.”
A certain image came to my mind, but that didn’t mean my curiosity was gone.
“Meet me outside, bro.”
Number Seven was speechless.
“I want to meet you. My sister hates reality, but she doesn’t hate the relationship here either. Maybe that’s why he agreed when we asked to meet.”
“A relationship?”
Wasn’t that the world I ran away from because I hated it?
“it’s okay. Why am I meeting the operator? We were enemies here anyway.”
“Then my sister told me about my brother.”
Number Seven’s head turned.
“me? what?”
“Just what… … Nothing special. His tone is rough, and he grumbles when he meets him, so he’s stressed out.”
Feeling the disappointment of Number Seven, the lollipop laughed and continued.
“Still, my skills are top notch. They say that no one understands his world as much as his brother.”
It was natural.
“Stop it, bro. You don’t even need to destroy it. Leave this here and go to reality.”
It was also a very scary word.
‘I would like to meet.’
I wanted to see the only programmer who surpassed me in undercoder.
“If you destroy high gear, there is no chance. Don’t hurt my sister any more.”
“shit!”
Number Seven turned around and said.
“Help me. It was made with the end of the service in mind, so the code was all messed up.”
“Hehe, that’s my major. Before that, from this firewall… …
At that moment, Number Seven suddenly screamed and collapsed to the ground.
“brother!”
The lollipop gulped as he watched his gas disappear transparently.
‘Connection was forcibly blocked.’
High Gear was still on the verge of destruction.
– I woke up.
The little witch received a communication.
– Hold it for now. it will come in handy later Don’t break it or anything like that.
The procedure was to take care of it first before Number Seven changed his mind.
-All right.
Uorin, who cut off communication, saw Sirone hitting Dr. Martin’s body.
all.
‘The secret of the world?’
From the start, I wasn’t interested in that.
‘Sirone, all I need is you.’
If high gear ends abnormally, the operator will feel frustrated.
If Apocalypse’s mining was suspended, Sirone would eventually come to find him.
‘Fermi. He’s no ordinary guy.’
There was no way that a man as clever as a snake would not notice his madness toward Sirone.
‘Nevertheless, the reason I accepted the deal was because my perspective on this situation was the same as mine.
If it’s different… …
Fermi wants Syrone to win.
– The Empress.
Communication came again.
“Whoop whoop.”
After listening carefully to all the information Number Seven had confessed, she soared into the sky.
“I won.”
At the same time, there was a roar and Dr. Martin’s body staggered sideways.
“It’s over!”
Sirone, flying with the booster, fired Michelangeon’s flash into the center of the giant body.
750 million durability is all cut
Then, the body collapsed with a series of explosions.
“I did it, I did it.”
The rankers who were dealing with Kreacher all turned their heads and looked at it.
“That… … You got it?”
The operator, who had not even dared to intervene in battle, fell to his knees.
“I kept it.”
At that moment, Dr. Martin’s body, which fell flat, shook and the center part exploded.
“Kiaaaaa!”
An aircraft resembling a phoenix protruded from inside it, spreading its huge wings and gliding.
The operator, who checked the aircraft information through augmented reality, spat out curses.
Boss Creature Real Martin.
After a while, other users also saw the aircraft’s durability of 3.2 billion.
“Kiaaaaa!”
As if the grotesque sound of Real Martin was a signal flare, users flocked to it from all sides.
They were infected with the virus.
“jeon. person. Ryu. perish. fat.”
The operator couldn’t control his boiling anger.
“Aaaaaaa!”
Real Martin’s flash cannon swept the world, and countless rankers disappeared as ashes.
“It’s not over yet!”
Only Sirone did not give up and flew into the sky and fired the Michelangan gun.
The rankers had no choice but to watch the scene of untouchable firepower crossing.
“jeon. person. Ryu. perish. fat.”
The infected no longer attack the user and create a gas barrier.
Beyond that, creatures that filled the sky black flew in and attacked the remaining ones.
The operator gritted his teeth and rose from his seat.
“Fight! Don’t back down!”
A great battle took place between Real Martin and Sirone, creatures and rankers.
‘damn! let me go! Let me go!’
On the other hand, users trapped inside the aircraft had no choice but to watch the war as a wall.
In a battle that seemed like the world was splitting apart, Sirone defeated Real Martin.
“Keeeh!”
Just before the durability of 3.2 billion fell, the aircraft rapidly changed and transformed into a new form.
‘Real Martin Level 2?’
Creatures raided the rankers who had lost their minds in front of 13 billion durability.
“Aaaaaaa!”
With more and more infected, Cirone activated Michelan’s gun.
– Lack of output
“Keugh!”
Tens of thousands of guided missiles were fired at the same time from Real Martin’s hideous airframe.
It was literally the entire landscape, and the Aegis took off and activated the ballistic deception system.
– This is the last one.
The aircraft of this Jess, which lured and dragged the guided missiles into it, was caught up in an extravagant explosion.
“damn!”
When Real Martin flew in, Sirone retreated and responded with an air god.
Durability decreased by 10.
“… … it’s over.”
After confirming the speed at which the number of 13 billion was decreasing, the rankers finally realized the reality.
“It’s over.”
Sirone loaded the air god.
“LeRoread!”
If it was a creature flying after Real Martin, it was possible to intercept it.
pop! pop! pop! pop!
As many creatures crashed, Yahweh 2’s experience began to rise rapidly.
The level of experience required for a level of 300 was much lower than that of a ranker… … .
‘Level up.’
At the same time as the level rose by 1, the power of the high gear and Michelan gun was filled.
“Yaaaaaa!”
As the sphere of light condensed in Yahweh 2’s palm at a tremendous speed, the operator shouted.
“It’s not over yet!”
Yahweh 2 stopped retreating and charged.
“Maximum output.”
The huge flash of Michelan’s gun flew through the air and hit the Real Martin.
A roar erupted, and all the creatures around Real Martin exploded.
‘Level up!’
Charging is complete again.
‘Level up!’
The moment Real Martin’s durability was exhausted, a roar shook the world.
“Keeeeeeeeeee!”
Users on the ground exploded with only a roar, and Yahweh 2’s aircraft crashed to the ground.
“damn! that again… …
Sirone’s expression darkened.
“what?”
The real Martin’s hideous body expanded and filled the sky.
Real Martin Level 3.
– Endurance:
140,000,000,000/140,000,000,000
Kung-kung, the rankers knelt.
Yoga’s son also stopped fighting, and the little witch watched the operator shake her shoulders.
“bump. Whoops.”
she was crying
Tears did not flow through the body of the machine, but it was the most sorrowful cry ever born.
“What is this, you bastard?” Everything she designed was wrong
did.
‘it’s over.’
The little witch laughed.
‘It’s completely broken. I can’t revive anymore.’
The users trapped in the infected aircraft were also listening to the operator’s voice.
‘It’s really empty.’
Had I spent so much time just to be ridiculed for this numbers game?
‘What the hell did I do here, me? just get it done quickly Throw it all away and let’s go.’
Apparently hearing them, Uo-Lin shrugged as she turned to Fermi.
‘I won… …
That moment.
“lee… … !”
someone shouted.
“… … Lorid!”
Where everyone turned their heads, Yahweh 2, loaded with air god, was flying into the sky.
“??????uh?”
The operator’s heart started beating again as he looked at him with his head raised.
pounding, pounding.
It was everyone’s heartbeat.

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-1090.txt
=============YYYYY=============
What is God (1)
Woorin.
“Haaaaa!”
I couldn’t contain my excitement when I saw Cirone flying alone to Dr. Martin.
‘ ah??????
sirone, sirone.
‘You are mine.’
Sirone’s failure in High Gear would definitely put Wu Lin in an advantageous position.
‘Where is love like that?’
Shirone, rushing towards the strongest enemy, was the figure she loved with all her heart.
‘this??????
She was embarrassed to be able to feel even a little bit of her condition in reality.
It wasn’t that I was overly excited, but it was such a sweet feeling that even such a mistake was comforting.
‘Sirone. You will come to me.’ Uorin’s feelings were closer to pleasure than emotion, but other users had different feelings.
‘Are you going to fight more?’ Looking at Dr. Martin’s aircraft floating at high altitude, it was courageous enough to be reckless.
Durability is 140 billion.
Even those who could not fathom the size of the numbers could feel the super shape of the Real Martin.
‘A terrible tragedy.’
Maybe that’s the title.
What is clear is that it is by no means a form that a particular person can imagine alone.
Chiyiying!
Pupils protruded from the center of the gigantic machine, in which strange things were intertwined.
“Why eh eh.”
obvious mechanical sound.
But it seemed like it contained emotion, so those who heard it gave goosebumps.
“Isn’t the result coming out?”
Users trapped inside the infected aircraft became suspicious of Dr. Martin’s words.
‘What do you mean by that?’
Even communication was impossible, so it was impossible to share opinions, but the sense of incongruity was conveyed the same.
‘That’s not a dialogue, it’s a system message. Anything that has nothing to do with the episode… … It was as if the main character of a play suddenly turned to the audience and said the ticket price.
‘It’s an error.’
The operator had a hunch.
‘As the system was destroyed, the algorithm change exceeded the threshold. Even Number Seven couldn’t have predicted this far.’
So what is the result?
‘Dr. Martin’s goal is to end the world. In other words, the probability is not properly captured… …
Her gaze turned to Yahweh2.
‘It’s not over.’
It meant that the odds calculated by Dr. Martin were not accurately counted.
No matter how many times you evolve, no matter how many times you increase the number to the point of destroying the system, the end will not come.
‘how?’
The operator shuddered.
‘Am I still able to fight?’
She thought about the existence of a great force pushing Yahweh2’s back.
It was sacred and reverent, but it felt a much heavier responsibility than that.
‘ know.’
A reason to fight.
‘Because no one can fight without you. Because we all gave in.’
Even if you ask anyone in this world, he wouldn’t want to shoulder the burden that Yahweh 2 is carrying now.
Sirone gritted his teeth.
“Big!”
There was a clear sense of deja vu in his head as he shot the air god and soared vertically.
‘It’s not God.’
In Dr. Martin’s speech, Sirone thought about the question Ankera had in mind.
– How can I not be a god?
Another question must be answered in order to select the correct answer from among the numerous answers.
‘What is God?’
It can be defined as something, but there is no substance in that definition.
Because it is inconceivable.
‘Dr. Martin is not a god. Number Seven, who created Dr. Martin, is not God either. What is God… …
Suddenly, I had this thought.
‘no way?’
Because I experienced the world of high gear
A new insight shook my mind.
‘really… … Is there?’
God.
Real Martin screamed.
“For a perfect world!”
The line between life and water has become blurred in the way he spits out system messages like ambassadors.
‘Durability of 140 billion.’
And even the grotesque appearance with all sorts of terrible things mixed at will… … .
‘There is no form.’
In the eyes of Sirone, who had reached statelessness, it was just a set of signals where 1 and 0, existence and nonexistence intersect.
‘you can do it.’
The spirit of the Immortal Function revealed its greatest size ever while strengthening photon condensation.
‘Michelan Gun!’
When the flash exploded, Dr. Martin’s durability was cut by more than 1 billion.
“… … win.”
The operator jumped to his feet.
“We can win.”
Her words spread ripples in the hearts of all users, igniting speculation.
‘Fight. I’m protecting this world.’ It was ironic.
Knowing that it is not real makes human integration much easier.
‘let’s fight! let’s fight! let’s fight!’
Sirone clearly felt that the minds of the users were merging into one.
‘Integrated.’
Even Yahweh cannot move the user’s mind freely.
But when their minds come together, quantum signals become photon signals.
‘Now!’
It functions as a system that can permeate and change the sense of statelessness.
The system’s name is… … .
“Ultima.”
The world was shaken, and the virus that infected the users’ artificial intelligence began to disappear.
“I can move! I’m back!”
“let’s fight!”
Users who regained their selves simultaneously raised their firearms and started shooting creatures.
Sirone checked the ground on the screen.
‘Everyone is fighting.’
Where is the prejudice in their appearance of plotting death under the single-mindedness of protecting the world?
Where is the competition, where is the discrimination, and where is the level gap?
‘ does not exist.’
A long time ago, mankind, called humans, once established an integrated mental system.
There was a time when intelligence was used only for the advancement of mankind and for everyone’s happiness.
‘why not?’
Why being in high gear shouldn’t work in real life.
‘Since when do humans… …
Did they refuse to become one and pursue only their own existence?
‘Uorin.’
muttered the little witch.
“It’s not my fault.”
No matter how many times she repeats it, the original sin of all living beings called humans lies with her.
“I love you, Sirone.”
Because the only person she can love in this world is Yahweh.
It had no choice but to become a beautiful flower waiting forever for butterflies to fly into it.
Yolga’s son glanced sideways at the little witch’s body, which was still looking up at the sky.
‘A poisonous flower.’
When the temple opens, its true value will be revealed, but that is why it is impossible to stay away from it.
“anyway… …
Even in the midst of everyone fighting, Fermi did not join Sirone’s Ultima.
‘I didn’t get infected anyway.’ Aegis communicated.
-Boss, what should we do?
Fermi watched the conflict between the user and the system for the life and death of High Gear.
“haha.”
do you trust people
‘If you’ve seen Ultima’s potential to this extent, you’ve been laughing at it for a long time, Sirone. The human heart is more than the surface you’ve seen all through history… …
Because it’s much deeper and darker.
-Let’s fix it for now. have to finish
Soaring into the sky, Yoga’s son smiled.
“I’m not in a bad mood.”
The top of Dr. Martin’s fuselage opened, and a red flash shot through the sky.
– Triggered Metal Rain. Reset the world.
‘I don’t know what… …
The system doesn’t lie.
Sirone, who had descended from the barrage, passed by Fermi, who was ascending into the sky.
– Buy me some time.
The key was to destroy the real martin stage 3 aircraft before the metal rain was activated.
Without even needing to communicate, Fermi went up.
“I will.”
The reason why judgments that would not be possible in reality are so easily possible here.
‘The key lies there.’
It is because they have an outside world that they can return to even if this place is destroyed.
‘High gear is a ball, but that’s why it’s a baby.’
It was a contradiction in the heart that could risk everything to love because it was nothing.
‘I’m sure you’ve already noticed.’
The fact that integration is impossible unless the concept of death is removed from human beings.
‘You have to present.’
Clear evidence that death in reality is not the end must be brought from the outside world.
‘Then mankind can be united. But also… … At that moment, humanity will be annihilated.’
It was the reason why Argones was activated.
‘Even the Gaians were wiped out. This world does not allow us to know the outside world.’
Why?
And Sirone was waiting on the ground to find the answer to that question.
‘you can do it.’
All users are gathering their hearts with the desire to protect this world.
At that moment, the mind becomes the law and the largest system that quantum signals can create.
“Ultima System.”
As all of their hearts were focused as one, it added strength to Sirone’s invincibility.
‘It ends in one blow.’
-Steel Rain activates. Thank you to everyone who has loved High Gear so far.
As if it had never happened, Dr. Martin’s voice returned to a perfect mechanical tone.
It rained from the sky.
Countless sticks made of steel were falling to destroy the world.
“Damn it! What is that?” The fact confirmed through augmented reality is that each one has the power to destroy the city.
that you wore
“Fight! We will fight until the end!”
However, even in such a situation, the hearts of users who had no fear of death were not shaken.
The little witch suddenly felt nostalgic.
‘I did.’
Even without the outside world, the Gaians were the only race to overcome the fear of death.
“We were infinitely free.”
Although the mechanism of courage is different, if you look at the expressions of the users here.
“Come on! we are the owners! Never give in to the system! We will fight to the end!”
With a voice of absolute conviction, if you see him pushing the bar he pursues.
“I am… …
What a great place you come from.
‘And from what height am I falling now?’
It’s unfair to call it a mistake.
It was because they could not bear it themselves that they planted good and evil in the human mind.
‘You have to understand me.’
The little witch seemed to be crying.
“As much as you, me… … !”
The moment she tried to spit out words, the chords that make up the sirone shook loudly.
‘This is it!’
Metal fragments gathered high in the sky and became a huge Michelan gun.
‘Hand of God.’
The son-in-law turned into darkness, and a huge Photon Cannon was born at the center of the Michelan Gun.
Cuckoo Cuckoo!
Users looked up at the sky as an uncountable number of steel rains fell.
If you look at the huge sphere of light
You realize how useless language is.
‘Just that.’
Idea that cannot be called.
“Goes!”
As Yahweh 2 swung his arm, Michelan Gun in the sky threw a photon cannon.
As soon as Dr. Martin was struck by a flash of light, all the creatures exploded.
Augmented reality was filled with system messages, and Sirone finally became a ranker.
– Special privileges are granted.
At that moment, Dr. Martin’s machine exploded, tearing apart the signals that made up the world.
the sky opens
‘There it is.’
There was one pupil there.
Sirone, who activated Da Vinci’s metal wings, flew towards the place where the curtain of the world was torn.
Yoga’s son, who had become tattered in a brief skirmish, said as he fell.
“You should definitely see it.”
Sirone nodded, and a system message appeared to everyone on the ground.
“huh?”
– Ranker privileges are activated. Will Yahweh 2’s code name change to a ranker code name?
The operator, the Golden Wheel, the Ascension, the Demon God of Destruction 707 and the Mafia, and even the Tenmen… … .
“haha.”
I just stared blankly at the unique concept of ascending to the sky.
Yahweh.

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-1091.txt
=============YYYYY=============
What is God (2)
Sirone studied the eyes that seemed to be looking down at the world of high gear.
Emotions could not be felt, but the will to see was clearly revealed.
‘Why snow?’
In the beginning, when living things were created, the way to sense this world would have been close to infinite.
‘Why did you choose to watch?’
see.
Even if he is a blind human, his eyes are clearly looking into the abyss.
poetry in that sense.
‘See the light. see the world I see the ichi and system in it. I see the heart inside me.’
If you didn’t try to see, your thinking system would have changed, and if your thinking changes, your mind will change too.
‘In other words, a completely different universe will be born.’
Come back.
‘Why snow?’
Sirone was able to guess the identity of the pupil beyond the curtain of signals.
‘That’s the will.’
Visual safety.
The only will of the outside world to see this world was projected in the form of an eye.
‘Therefore, it is inevitable for creatures to see.’ what to see?
‘ god.’
Then where is God?
‘ iced coffee.’
Sirone realized.
‘The question itself was wrong. Living things, humans have been seeing God since the first time they opened their eyes.
Even with God in front of his eyes, he searched for the existence of God like a person without eyes.
‘We opened our eyes to see God.’
In the moment of entering the torn curtain, Sirone reached the final question.
at last.
‘What is God?’
hour.
A signal that is spread throughout the universe, from which no one can escape, and which is independent in all dimensions.
‘That’s why it’s snow.’
Creatures wanted to see time.
‘A sensory organ that accepts light signals. In order to directly check the huge rhythm of this world… …
That will is the beginning and end of intelligence.
‘Nevertheless, humans wander in search of God. Why does he think he is invisible?’
Because it’s too huge.
‘The size of time is the size of space.’ Angels can check information from a very far place through ‘Looking Down’.
is called the time span.
If someone could see a planet 10 billion light years away with their own eyes.
‘Will time almost stop?’
If someone gets a view that can capture the size of the universe at a glance.
‘Is there a god there?’ when that time comes
‘We saw God with our own eyes, so God exists, and we finally knew about God.’
Will I be able to speak?
The thought was over there.
‘me : yes.’
Tired of going through an accident that passed by like a flash, Sirone took off high gear.
‘What you see, I see too.’ The curtain is closed.
“What, what?”
When Yahweh suddenly disappeared, users who were watching from the ground groaned.
“Where have you been? Did you jump over the code?”
A message came from the operator.
-User code name has been expunged. It has completely disappeared from the database.
It will take time to see how such a thing is possible, but one thing was clear.
“Yahweh.”
It was the fact that everyone in this world wanted him back.
Undefinable space.
Being close to nothing was known by the reflection of one’s own image in the darkness without light.
‘Let’s go… …
Sirone said.
“Outside the Gora World?”
Currently, his thoughts are flowing backwards, but the person concerned did not feel anything strange.
“This is me.”
The reflection of himself in the darkness was not a high gear machine, but a real sirone.
“No, I don’t know that either.”
The form of sirone in reality was only a shadow projected on the idea.
‘How far do I have to go?’
I just walked vaguely.
It felt like walking, but it was questionable whether or not it was actually moving through space.
“What is it?”
He stopped.
‘If there is no space, there is no time. Then what is this made of… …
Consciousness was painful.
“huh?”
Sirone looked around.
“What’s your contribution?”
The accident was reversed again based on the outside world, but there was still no sense of incongruity.
“Isn’t it the hometown of iron?”
The memory of getting into High Gear for the first time and catching a Metal Rat was vivid in my head.
“Level 3.”
At that moment, the sound of iron scraping was heard from the place where the pile of scrap metal had been bent at a right angle.
I was used to this too.
“no way?”
When he ran there, the huge machine was teeming with countless metal rats.
‘Yeah, that’s right. I was going to hunt that… …
Recalling that time, he held a grenade in his hand, and a familiar face appeared on the other side of the machine.
“hey! Are you crazy?”
There was no need to check it with artificial intelligence, and the machine of Destruction Demon 707 caught my eye.
‘What’s going on?’
As the metal rats dispersed, God of Destruction 707 screamed, and two more familiar users appeared.
‘Death Princess. The strongest code name.’
While staring blankly at them, the strongest code name approached and aimed a rifle at them.
Sirone remembered clearly.
‘Obviously then… …
both said at the same time.
“Are you quarreling with us now?”
Undefinable space.
Sirone, who had returned to the outside world before she knew it, was deep in thought with a serious expression on her face.
‘It’s too late.’
reverse again.
‘Because there is no space. So what did I just experience? Was it a dream?’
No, that’s not it.
‘It’s not a dream. Much closer to a ball than that, literally born from nothing… …
some kind of illusion.
‘What kind of misunderstanding did I just have?’
Consciousness shakes.
“I’m back here, Mr. Nim.”
Standing in front of Sirone’s eyes was the aircraft of this Jess, and the door opened immediately.
On the bed sat Yoga’s son.
‘Fermi?’
I remember saying that, but now Sirone entered the room in silence.
“Jin, are you really Yoga’s son?”
Destruction Demon 707 heard the sound of admiration, and Fermi offered a chair.
“sit down. by the way… … Do you have a group?”
“I have something to tell you.”
At Yahweh 2’s cold voice, the demons of destruction 707 turned their heads in embarrassment.
“What is so serious?”
“I’ve already experienced it.”
” what?”
“Now this situation. this moment. Everything you are trying to say by calling me.” Anyone else would have treated him like a madman, but Fermi became extremely cold.
“Sit down for now. Others are out.”
The seriousness of the situation could be seen just by the fact that the party was not even introduced.
The door closed, and Fermi asked.
“Is it time reversal?”
“No, it’s not like that. I honestly don’t know. After all, this would be my misunderstanding.”
Sirone confessed everything.
“The solar war is open. and… …
As the story, which was difficult to understand at first, progressed to the end, Fermi rested his chin.
“I don’t know.”
Perhaps that is the correct answer, so Fermi’s insight could be said to be considerable.
“You went out into the world. And now it’s right in front of my eyes However, it is still in the state of staying in the outside world.
Is that how you feel?”
“It’s similar.”
“What if you kill me?”
Fermi asked, sticking out his upper body.
“What if you kill me? Can you still get a chance to meet me? Even if I depart from reality, will you be able to meet me right here?”
“Is it possible.”
“How can you be sure?”
“Because I’ve done it.” “You said it earlier. I heard everything you said This is exactly the 3rd period.”
There is no time because there is no space.
“I also cleared the solar war several times. Kill it, watch it die, Dr. Martin counterattacks, he doesn’t… …
That’s how I removed the variable.
“Hmm.”
Slowly leaning his upper body back, Fermi was silent for the next 10 minutes.
“The multiverse.”
Fermi concluded.
“From the outside world, there are infinitely many universes inside. The moment your heart moves, a new universe opens up.”
Sirone bowed his head sullenly.
“okay.”
Having done everything possible, there was nothing left to try.
“Why did you come?”
Fermi asked.
“You must have heard everything you could hear from me, didn’t you? Why did you come to see me?”
“reason?”
Sirone let out a laugh.
“haha.”
It will be like this.
“That’s the difference between inside and outside, Fermi. You understand my words, but you do not realize the essence.” Sirone clenched both of his fists.
“What should I do in this situation? Shall we hold on to any universe and live? So what is the original universe? What about all the people waiting for me there?”
Fermi was there too.
“You think I can go back? Wrong. Even if all things were the same, that’s not the world I planted my heart in. It’s just a replica.”
“But anyway… …
“No, you don’t know. You must be busy applying the current information to reality. That’s why it’s closed.”
” calm down.”
“are you okay. Because you don’t have to be calm. Shall I teach you why? do you know what this is all about? No matter how hard you think! No matter what I say to you!”
Undefinable space.
“… … That’s how it turned out.” It’s just an illusion.
What can be achieved in this place where any incident becomes a delusion?
‘Where is my heart?’
Is the outside world an infinitely free place, or is it a place that is confined to that infinity?
‘I want to go back.’ When Sirone sat down and leaned back, he felt pressure as if there was a wall.
made countless mistakes.
‘me : yes.’
If this is the case even in high gear, how would Nane feel after leaving the photon system in reality?
‘It must have been very sad.’
Perhaps shed tears of blood and screamed evil?
‘I won’t be able to meet you. No matter what illusions you have, the sirone in those illusions is not me.’
There is no going back.
Even if you escape from any universe in High Gear to reality, even if you fight there.
‘There I give my heart back…’ …
Is it possible?
‘Are you throwing away the Amy in my heart and loving the new Amy? This Cael and Guffin… …
Mackline Guffin?
“okay! Guffin!”
Sirone jumped up from her seat.
“You left the photon field. But how did you send Hexa? Could it be that you shot at any world?”
If it was that much of a belief that would satisfy them, they would not have sent Hexa from the beginning.
‘I can go back!’
Moving quickly through the indefinable space, Sirone spat out words endlessly.
“Let’s find it. There must be some way. You just have to go in the reverse order of what you came in. So turn your mind around. Well, flip your mind. What does that mean?”
spit out countless times.
“I am going to undo the illusion. Whoops. what did i think My heart at that moment…
Even in the midst of crying, Sirone continued to think, but her steps stopped abruptly.
“wait for a sec.”
A feeling of discomfort I would never have felt.
“I, now… …
The insight of Yahweh, who has thoughts comparable to those of Buddha, flashed through my mind.
“Why do you have a go and go ha gaksaeng rogugo?”

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-1092.txt
=============YYYYY=============
What is God (3)
Sirone put on a blank expression.
‘It’s not an illusion.’
Even this thought was flowing backwards, as if time had been turned backwards.
“uh? uh?”
After a moment of panic, Sirone checked her condition with a cool mind.
‘Come to think of it… …
My thinking when I experienced the multiverse and when I was in the outside world were completely opposite.
‘Thinking is reversed on the basis of inside and outside. In other words… …
that time flows backwards.
“Hmm.”
Deep in thought, Sirone went straight through an undefinable space.
‘I am walking forward.’ Is it really so?
‘What if you are actually walking backwards and the direction of time is flowing in reverse?’
Let’s do a thought experiment.
‘What if I recorded a person walking forward on a video recorder and then played the video backwards?’ Movement will be awkward.
‘But the reason it’s awkward is because we’re used to our time together. If time itself flows in reverse… …
Rather, it would feel awkward to see Sirone walking forward.
‘I get it roughly.’
Sirone took a deep breath.
‘The reason why time is reversed.’
This is because this world is made up of the combination of two signals, photons and quanta.
‘That’s the eye. Eyes looking out from the inside and eyes looking in from the outside. Depending on that point of view… … The direction of time is reversed.
‘for example.’
Sirone thought of a puppet.
‘The dolls are connected by rods, and the key to operate the rods is floating above the head. And dolls have the will to move on their own.’
At least I’m sure so.
‘The key to operate the bar has moved. The doll raised his right arm. Well, then… …
problem here.
‘The doll thinks the height moved because she raised her right arm.’
It is the human view of the world.
‘If you express it a little more intuitively… … Because I dug the ground, it is only right to dig the ground.’
In other words, the cause is that the doll raised its arm, and the result is that the key moves.
‘On the contrary, from the standpoint of the outside world…’
Moving the key is the cause, and the lifting of the puppet’s right arm is the result.
‘It depends on your point of view. In other words, cause and effect are completely reversed… …
The thought system also becomes the opposite.
‘The sense of accepting time is also reversed.’
Sirone felt the thrill.
‘To God… …
time goes backwards
‘What Ikael told me. Bedium’s last will. It was something like that.’
getting narrower
‘God said it was time. Then, how does God’s thinking proceed?’
The effect for us is the cause for them.
‘I’m marrying her because I love her. This is the human way of thinking. but… …
God will say this.
‘I’m getting married. Because I will love you.’ such a reversal.
‘I can use magic. Because you will learn magic. Became the best swordsman in the world. Because I will try so hard. he went to jail Because he will be a murderer.’
A reversal in which the results that humans have to achieve with countless wills are made from the beginning.
what is god
‘The end of all time.’
result.
‘God gave us results.’
Extending this idea, we can infer what the outside world is in reality.
‘I know all the history, Omega. Turning the world upside down from God’s point of view… …
Civilization declines, living things disappear, the universe narrows, and we finally get there.
‘There will be a moment when the beginning begins. And if you apply God’s point of view there… …
Sirone bit his lip.
“There is another universe with negative time.”
outside world.
‘The amplification of something created the universe. But the universe is not one,
It was two.’
This is because if there are two directions of time, it is reasonable that there should be two universes as well.
‘And the universe has a causal reversal. Let’s infer based on this… …
I was devastated by the terrible truth.
“The last point of the world we live in now, that is, the result here becomes the beginning in the outside world.”
Why is it dangerous?
‘Humanity will one day conquer the universe.’
The same position as the Creator, that is, when all that exists, human beings become gods
do.
‘Also paradoxically, the god is located at the moment of the birth of the negative universe.’
What kind of god is it?’
What will we finally become?
“machine.”
Just like high gear, it is the pinnacle of mechanical civilization, without lifespan, aging, or disease.
‘program.’
It can be assumed that the managers sent from the outside world said that they are driven by missions.
‘Why do you need a manager?’ From now on, it’s just a hypothesis, but strangely, their judgment makes sense.
It must be because you see it from God’s point of view.
‘There are two universes. The problem is, the universe of the outer world knew everything from the start.’
Because it started as a god.
‘But in that world, God is heading toward extinction.’
It will become a human, become a creature, become a material, and eventually it will come to an end.
‘Even a god can’t stop time. Because God is the time. Then what choice will God make?
“We just need to control the outcome of the world we live in.”
multiverse.
“They spread this world as bubbles so that they could never reach the final result.”
A diagram of the entire universe was drawn in my head.
‘In the beginning there was light.’
Centering on that light, the universe spreads out to both sides, and time of plus and minus races.
‘One side is human causality. The other side is God’s causality.’
At the coordinates where the human causal law is applied, infinite universes bubble like bubbles.
‘In other words, God manages this place. And as long as that bubble stays there… …
The opposite God is eternal.
‘It is not downgraded to a human being, but it extends endlessly. In the end, controlling our cause and effect.’
What resentment could God have?
‘Cold reckoning. It’s just a logical decision. Anyway God… … Because it’s our last appearance.’
Sirone took a deep breath.
“I found it, Mr. Gaold. Where is God.”
but can’t meet
‘To meet God, you must escape from reality to the outside world. now i get it Why should we not have access to the outside world? Why does the Argo Ness activate?’
Because it is an act that kills God.
‘Did I already meet you? Probably so. Still not coming… … – Am I the one who swallowed Ankera’s dream? Or is it the en que line that swallowed my dreams?
Sirone shook her head.
‘Stop thinking nonsense. It’s something to go out and think about. Let’s go back to the original world for now.’
Now I roughly guessed the method.
‘I can turn it back.’
If there is a minus in the direction of time, the mind also becomes a signal that can be returned.
‘Use God’s point of view, God’s thinking.’
Reverse causality.
“Huh!”
It was a work that twisted the standard of the world and the essence of human beings, but Sirone was Yahweh.
‘you can do it. If it had been impossible, I would not have realized the reversal of the accident here.’
Started very small.
‘I exist.’
Countless thoughts that started from there began to reverse as if time had been turned backwards.
“Ugh!”
It was such a grand construction that the entire 5-dimensional multi-cube, the knowledge base of Sirone, collapsed.
‘I’m going back.’
where the people you love are.
‘I’m going.’
As my mind was gradually reversed, light penetrated little by little into the undefinable space.
My head felt like it would break.
“Aaaaaaa!”
Darkness fell like fragments, and light burst through the cracks with wild force.
‘Reversal of causality.’
Sirone recalled the time when he entered Taegeuk while fighting Giyorgi.
‘A message left by Guffin.’ -They are watching you. don’t believe in anything Save yourself from the terrible truth.
‘It was like that.’
In the perfectly inverted 5-dimensional multi-cube, Sirone defined God’s thinking as follows.
Ouroboros.
“Win! We won!”
As Dr. Martin’s aircraft crashed to the ground, users erupted in cheers.
“Isn’t this the end of the service? At least, all my parts could have been blown off.”
“Are the parts important? This is our hideout. What fun do you live without high gear?”
While the users of East and West countries were talking kindly, there were those who were silent.
‘Yahweh.’
They were users who exchanged feelings with Sirone in the world of High Gear.
The operator looked up at the sky.
‘Where did you go?’
Abnormal departure from the world of high gear was not irrelevant to reality.
Fermi approached Uorin.
“The situation is rather serious. I thought it was real anyway, but I’m not waking up.”
The gold ring’s subordinates confirmed that Shi Lorne was still asleep.
“are you okay.”
Urin’s voice was trembling.
“I will come back. You are such a person. I will never forsake this world under any circumstances.”
“What if you don’t come back?” In a world without Shirone, she never thought about what she would do.
“Perhaps he is angry.” Her voice was calm, but the little witch’s face was distorted when she turned her head.
“I don’t know after that.”
Making an expression with the machine’s face means that the signal itself has been distorted.
‘Eve was originally Gaia.’
It seems that Ultima disappeared for some reason, but the current appearance was terrifying itself.
“Me, over there!”
God of Destruction 707 pointed to the sky.
Everyone raised their heads, and the operator’s shoulders began to tremble.
“ah?????? The scenery in the sky seemed to be sucked in like a whirlpool, and then a familiar aircraft appeared.
Results come first.
“Yahweh!”
As if gravity had collapsed, a hole was opened in the sky, and light shot up from the ground.
“what? Are you back?”
The moment Fermi spoke, Uorin jumped out.
“Aaaaa!”
What was I trying to do?
‘Yeah, all I need is you. It’s okay if you don’t love me I just need you to be in this world.’
Compared to the despair I felt the moment Yahweh disappeared, my current situation was a blessing.
Landing on the ground, Sirone was convinced.
‘You’re back.’
Even if it was nothing different from countless other illusions, my heart was definitely shouting that it was here.
Woorin rushed in.
“here! here!”
And just as she was about to throw herself, Operator ran from the side and hugged Sirone.
“female… …
Uorin stopped walking, and the users looked back at her with absurd expressions.
“you idiot!”
the operator shouted.
“Why are you so reckless? What about Dr. Martin! It’s enough to remake high gear. But if you’re wrong… …
Now I really have nowhere to go.
Perhaps it was the fear of losing her parents, so Sirone understood her.
“Sorry. But you came back like this.”
Demon God of Destruction 707 and the users rushed over.
“It was really great. This solar exhibition was the best experience of my life! Thanks to you!”
“Would you like to contact us outside? Oh, are you human? I’ll give you my address… …
Fermi put his hand on Urin’s shoulder.
“Don’t be too heartbroken. It’s not the feeling of love. Of course, we don’t know in the future.”
“Hey, what are you looking at me for? 10,000 years is ridiculous. Do you think your feelings will be shaken by a kid like that?”
“Well, yes.”
It was also a satisfactory achievement for Fermi, and Sirone led the users
came and said
“Let’s go back.”
to the world we live in.

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-1093.txt
=============YYYYY=============
What is God (4)
operator’s conference room.
“It is over.”
The episode ‘Dr. Martin’s Counterattack’ ended with an unprecedented victory for users.
said the black circle mark.
“It was a pretty good episode. I’m talking about you.”
Number Seven’s screen, which had been disconnected until now, was lit up.
It was Uorin’s order.
“Sheesh! So what? You can do whatever you want. Either revoke the operator’s authority.”
Smile Mark said.
“Can I say it so easily? High gear almost ended because of you.”
“know! So ask! What to do? I’ll hand over my entire stake in Undercoder! Is that okay?”
Lollipop Mark said.
“Isn’t it the order to apologize first?”
“Do you know who does this because he doesn’t want to? I just want to take responsibility. It’s dog hair anyway, and when I get out of here, there’s a knife hanging from my neck. I told you to shave it all and come back, so you guys use your creativity and stir it up as much as you can. Because I don’t want to think about high gear again.”
You can’t turn back time, and there are limits to punishing someone in high gear.
The gear mark thought.
‘But that’s the charm of undercoders. We all came here because we were attracted to that freedom.’
Yo Mark said.
“it’s okay. just turn it off What are you doing here? Anyway, we, the normal people, clean up the shit that a guy like you cheapened. Live like that for the rest of your life and die.” Number Seven’s chest was on fire, but because he had committed something, he gnashed his teeth and answered.
“You said you would take responsibility.”
“Then how are you going to take responsibility! What are you doing by asking us something you don’t even know? You shouldn’t have done anything stupid in the first place! Do you think anything will happen to me if I give you an armband?”
“ah! really!”
Number Seven shouted.
“I’ll eat as many swear words as I like, but let’s talk right! Are you saying I’m wearing an armband? I couldn’t help it either!”
“What are you doing well!”
“Why can’t I shout out loud! Who here has worked like a dog like me? High Gear Creature? All I was fair! After seeing that ridiculous draft that the operator handed over, the physics engine ran tens of thousands of times!”
If I could go back in time, I wanted to go back to when I hadn’t met the operator.
“But what did she do to me? She flirts with strangers, and that’s not enough… …
The words were cut off.
The vacancy’s screen flickered and a system message appeared on their screens.
-Operator The operator has entered.
As the mark symbolizing high gear blinked, Number Seven’s heart sank.
‘operator.’
The best designer who was all about high gear.
“Number seven.”
It was a cold voice.
“What, what?”
“I apologize.”
“… … sorry.”
Let’s spit it out like that for now
Something I wanted to protect until now collapsed.
“Sorry. I got a fever when I saw you hanging out with a guy called Yahweh, so I wanted to destroy everything. I’m a guy like this you know? It’s narrow-minded, and it’s trash that only I know about.”
The meeting room was silent.
“What Yoga said is right. I ruined it all. You have no right to be angry. Swear at will until the anger is relieved. Whatever you say, I will take it.”
the operator said.
“It’s not a light enough matter to be responsible for that much. Do you know how you hurt me?”
“know. How can I do it? you
I will do whatever you ask me to do. tell me To be honest, I don’t even know.”
After thinking for a moment, she opened her mouth.
“Let’s see.”
“what?”
“Let’s meet outside. Same goes for other operators. It’s the first true mother. I have something special to tell you.”
Lollipop Mark said.
“wow! It’s gonna be fun!”
Everyone else was silent, and their silence was filled with fear.
“excuse me… … I guess that’s a bit.”
“It’s okay if people who can’t come out don’t come out. There must be some non-humans, and it would be difficult if all operators were left behind. But number seven, you must come out unconditionally. That is my condition.”
Number Seven said in a trembling voice.
“Sir, I hate it.”
“Can I say that? I heard you die if you don’t come out with unanimous approval?”
“I’d rather die! With what kind of mug do I meet you? No, I hate leaving that out.”
“okay? Then the meeting is over. I must say that I have not forgiven Number Seven.”
Number Seven cried.
“hey! Really just look at it once. The people out there are really scary people. I’ll do anything other than that. huh?”
“Give me three seconds.”
“ah… …
Number Seven’s groans continued.
Gold Headquarters.
On the bed in the recovery room, Sirone woke up.
I saw a white ceiling. When I slowly got up, over 200 beds were empty and Fermi was nowhere to be seen.
‘There’s no sister Marsha.’
The texture of the air that came in while breathing seemed to tell me where this place was.
‘I’m back.’
It’s probably been a day, but I’ve been through a lot in high gear.
Even so… … It was a night’s dream.
‘mistaken.’
While I was reminiscing about my events in the outside world, the door opened and Fermi entered.
Sirone frowned.
‘We took medicine together, but why is that guy waking up first? Anyway, it makes me feel bad.’
Fermi said with a smile.
“I can see your expression. Why don’t you pull up the duvet? I won’t eat you, so follow me. I have to settle.”
Cyrone stuck her tongue out on Fermi’s back, got out of bed, and adjusted her bodily sensations.
“Who is Marsha?”
“Looks like you woke up four hours ago. Everyone went out for a drink now. I won’t be back today.”
“Can I? Drinking straight away.”
“People live to give pleasure to the brain. There may be people whose job it is to save humanity, but there are also people who live to drink.” There was bone in his words, but Sirone ignored it.
Fermi offered a seat on the top floor of the Golden Ring, where Sirone had been to several times.
“sit down.”
I didn’t know the meaning of settlement.
“You must have made a deal with Urin too, right?”
On the condition of sharing what he gained from High Gear, the golden ring gave full support.
“I’m just getting my share of information. I think I am free to use it however I want.”
“Who said what? You just asked if you made a deal with Wu Lin. It’s not like being stabbed and getting angry.”
Fermi twisted his lips.
‘Anyway, it doesn’t suit me.’
There was a reason why they clashed since school days.
‘It’s straightforward and the head is good. I know it’s information that can shake me.’
It would be ridiculous to say that he was paid for teasing me in the recovery room, but he was definitely like that.
‘Anyway, it looks like the settlement will be done properly. Well, that’s why I’m making a deal.’
Fermi nodded.
“It’s not the same proportion. Think about it, what the queen can do for me.”
“Hmm.”
Fermi and Wu Lin were influential figures in the world.
‘Pony has to deal with these people in the temple. Of course, there’s Mr. Lufist… …
From Sirone’s point of view, fighting for humanity, all talented people were trading targets.
“I went to the outside world.”
It was a story that had been told countless times in the world of cowardice, so the explanation progressed quickly.
Fermi’s face, which had been smiling like Jeongsan, hardened towards the end of his speech.
“… … That’s how it happened.”
After a while, Fermi’s mouth opened.
“It’s shocking.”
Showing emotion meant that my head was still full of thoughts.
“So, after all, the two universes are fighting. The divine universe and the human universe.”
“It is not a fight. It’s completely eaten.”
Fermi conceded.
“Well, there’s no fighting in the first place. Because their will works for us as a result. Also, in order to maintain its status, this universe becomes a multiverse.”
“It doesn’t make sense to see it that way. In a word, the whole universe is a signal sent from the outside world. A structure in which the infinite multiverse permeates through cowardice.”
“Because it’s the same signal, your senses didn’t go away even in the world of high gear and worked the same way.”
“That’s it.”
Fermi shook his head.
“But is it possible? In the world outside of High Gear, you could be mistaken. In other words, it means that even the mind was processed as a signal. In addition to the infinite universe, to calculate all of them, what kind of technology was a problem.
“Reversal of cause and effect.”
“that’s right. I don’t care if it’s possible or not. No matter what we dream of or what this universe wants to achieve, the final result of reaching it is… …
Sirone pointed to the side.
“It’s been there from the beginning in the negative universe.”
“… … Are you a god?”
The moment Fermi understood perfectly in his head, he could imagine God for the first time.
“What are you going to do now?”
It was not the time to be sentimental.
“You have to find out. outside world. You must have felt it in high gear, but that is the key to Ultima.”
A paradox that can cause trouble because it is a world of emptiness.
“okay. My simultaneous case is staying in the Kingdom of Paras. With the king’s approval, we’ll explore the ancient ruins. They say it’s a giant pyramid.”
“You mean the place where the signal came from the outside world. Are you okay? If God is the result, as you reasoned, then no matter how hard you try, you won’t stand a chance.”
“Not necessarily.”
As Fermi narrowed his eyes, Sirone raised his head.
“Guppin wanted to be a god with a heart. And he shot a hexa into this universe. What could that mean?”
“… … Shot from the outside world.”
“That’s right. They said that they broke the perfect divine law and sent one heart. I don’t know how, but my existence proves it. That’s why I don’t give up. If I could come back from the outside world and speak hope… …
“Humanity is united by love.”
it was Yahweh
“For now, I need to focus on what I need. The operators of High Gear will be meeting tomorrow. I want to go too We will mine the Apocalypse with their help.”
It was the board that Wu Lin laid.
“Okay, that’s all sorted out. Just like the Empress, let’s not distinguish between friends and family, let’s look after each other. I leave the operator’s case to you. I’m going to make a mining plan with the parrot mercenary.”
Fermi hit the chair and got up.
“Fermi.”
“huh?”
When I turned my head, I saw Sirone, who was still sitting, with a serious expression on his face.
“why? Anything more to say?”
“Lost memories. I won’t ask about the deal. But shouldn’t I also know the reason for accepting it?”
Fermi smiled.
“Aha, do you want to hear that? You said you would tell me from the start. Anyway, the decision is yours… …
“I will trust you.”
The laughter is gone.
“I can’t judge. So I have no choice but to rely on your judgment. Why did I trade until I lost my memory, what would happen if I knew that?”
There was a silence that felt like it was long.
“Don’t be mistaken. I’m not your friend. do you believe in me I can think of thousands of ways to use you with that remark right now?”
“for me?”
Sirone did not give up.
“If you know, you have a chance to prepare. Now the secrets of the outside world have been revealed. How do you judge with all that in mind? Shouldn’t I still know?”
Fermi, who was staring straight into Sirone’s eyes, spat out as she walked to the door.
“??????no.”
A voice was heard before the door closed.
“Trust me, fool.”

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-1094.txt
=============YYYYY=============
Last Crusade (1)
Arctic, ivory tower.
The tower was huge, and about 80 people lived in a small village on the 387th floor.
Inside a small cabin, a woman who had fallen into a deep sleep slowly opened her eyes.
Ivory Tower dweller, Pipa.
In High Gear, he was a tutorial manager using the gear mark.
“What is Jeongmo?”
I have no intention of attending.
Even so, the reason why he closed the connection was because Yahweh’s actions moved his heart.
As she left the cabin, the other residents saw her and looked surprised.
“Pipa? What is it, are you coming out?”
It was she who had stored up a lot of food and water and hadn’t gone out for months.
“How is the situation?”
The residents widened their eyes, but it was a serious incident that had to be revealed.
“Look for yourself.”
Upon reaching the outer wall they pointed to, the holographic screen disappeared, revealing a mechanical iron wall.
If it was the 387th floor of the Ivory Tower, it was at such a height that even a blizzard hitting the North Pole could be put under their feet.
she looked through the window
In the kingdom of Corona at the end of the horizon, a flame that evaporated the cold was burning.
“Asmodian.”
click. click.
Her pupils turned like apertures, pulling the landscape of Corona Kingdom closer together.
I could see the stars of the ivory tower, and among them there was a demonic swordsman slaughtering countless soldiers.
Hell’s Army, 1st Corps Commander Baal.
‘It’s finally here.’
It was significant that the only corps commander who had not opened the Pandemonium was aiming for the North Pole.
‘Deadly Cross. Maybe that’s the name.’
It’s about tearing down the ivory tower.
Kashan. Aganos.
Uorin, who disconnected High Gear, left the bedroom, and Gando lowered his head.
“Are you here?”
I was astonished as I was glad that she had put state affairs behind and was focusing on high gear.
“Do you have anything special to do?” “No.”
Uorin passed Jiandao with a smile.
“it’s over. Got everything you could get in high gear. How long until the temple?”
“Three days.”
Gando followed behind and asked.
“If you can get it… … Wu Lin looked back as they walked side by side, her face as cold as ever.
‘It’s been a while since I felt this way.’
As Gando gulped, Uorin’s thoughts deepened.
‘The negative universe.’
Although not all, Fermi delivered an overview of the trade as it was.
‘It could be the worst crusade ever. No, maybe this is our last… …
Uorin stopped walking.
“Gando, I will participate in the temple.” He left the position of emperor passed on to his son.
Gando immediately responded to the words that he would occupy the city.
“All right.”
“Don’t be too sad. Survivors, factions and kingdoms after the Great Purge. This is the place where all the monsters gather. It seems like it would be too much for you to handle alone.”
Gando’s body trembled with emotion just knowing how he felt.
“It’s the queen’s empire.”
A small smile crept across Woorin’s lips, but his expression soon turned cold.
‘I will never hand it over.’ She said.
“Call Kido.”
Southern Continent, Kessia.
As most of the people were intoxicated with angels, there were not many shops that were doing business.
The place Sirone chose as the venue for the wedding was a franchise cafe run by Geum Hwa-ryun.
“welcome.”
As soon as I opened the door and entered, an employee with hazy eyes greeted Sirone.
I saw a table where nobles were sitting, and they seemed to be drugged too.
‘the problem is… …
Even the group of people sitting in the corner of the store didn’t look any different.
‘It’s really worth seeing.’
There were 5 high gear operators gathered at this meeting, and none of them made eye contact.
It was an expected scene since it was a collection of people with zero sociality, but it was severe.
“uh? if… … ?”
A small child, the only one sitting with a bright expression, raised his hand after seeing Sirone.
“Yahweh brother?”
“sugar loaf?”
I knew the identity of the operator to some extent, but I did not bother to reveal my real name.
“Wow, it really looks like high gear. Welcome. The atmosphere here is absolutely devastating.”
Even though Sirone came, the operators didn’t even pay attention and were doing nothing but caress.
‘The lollipops are here.’
The middle-aged hairy boy stooping over his huge body is probably a smile mark.
Skinny women who seem to have grown their hair just because it grows have a black circle mark.
‘And the other two… … It was Operator and Number Seven, the culprits who caused the sadal in High Gear.
‘Number seven. Are you the same age as me?’
I could tell her personality from the way she was nervously shaking her legs, not befitting her sturdy physique.
The operator in the seat of honor, wearing large glasses, continued to brush his bangs with his hand.
“no way. Oh really.”
‘The acne seems to be bothering me.’
Sirone guessed why the Operator’s aircraft covered his eyes with his bangs.
“Okay then.”
Sirone, sitting on the opposite chair, ordered tea from the waiter and started talking.
“First of all, nice to meet you. It is called sirone.” No one answered, and Smile Mark turned his head to say something.
‘I’m really sociable. No comments at all. How do we work together with this?’
Should be.
Because these are the developers of High Gear, which achieved unprecedented box office success in Under Coder.
‘They are the best coders in the world.’
The lollipop mark floated first.
“Let’s start with a self-introduction. Originally, when Jeongmo comes out, I do this. I’m a candy bar. In high gear, I am responsible for the impact and impulse processors.”
It was a position that required the most agility.
“Heh heh, then should I do it too? uh… … That’s why I call it Smile Mark. What I’m in charge of… …
A detailed explanation followed, and the black circle mark, who was next in line, spoke.
“It’s a black circle. Take over the meta processor.”
I thought I had barely come this far, but Number Seven looked like someone with aphasia.
“Brother, it’s your turn.”
“ah. ah.”
Her ears were burning red and her pupils dilated, as if she was already in another world.
Sirone pulled back into reality.
“Speak comfortably. It’s just an introduction.”
“uh? uh… … that is.”
He seemed to have come to his senses, but this time he only glanced at the operator in the senior seat.
She shot, shaking her bangs.
“What are you glancing at so long ago? why? Are you disappointed? Because you’re ugly?”
“Who, who! It’s just pretty!” Surprised by his own words, Number Seven lowered his head, and the operator bit into a straw.
continued silence.
“… … I have already introduced myself.”
Sirone changed his strategy.
“Jungmo was something I suggested to the operator. Some of you may know, but in the future, Operators will help me do something in real life.”
Operators were the first to show interest.
“what?”
Sirone explained the strategy for mining Apocalypse in the realm of The Abyss.
The Black Circle murmured.
“Hmm, the cytoplasmic hardening program. You must know the terminal pattern to inject it into the main system, right?”
Number Seven said.
“You can use artificial intelligence. Unravel a creature with a large excavation function and schematize it as a 3D map… …
“The time it takes for the firewall to break through is also a problem. If you plant invasion code in your program… …
Those who had been silent until now boldly expressed their opinions as if they were fighting.
Sirone smiled bitterly.
‘The body is in reality, but… …
Their thoughts are still to stay in the undercoder, virtual world.
The operator, who had been listening with his chin resting, raised his index finger.
“Anyway, so… … I decided to help Sirone oppa, what are you guys going to do?”
While the operators exchanged glances, Number Seven slowly raised his hand.
“Sheesh! Am I unconditionally included?” the operator said.
“no. Attending here was a condition, so if you don’t want to do it, you don’t have to.” His face was red and he tried to lower his hand.
Then she bluntly snapped.
“I’m kidding. How long have you been eating? Can you finish it like this? Thousands of tons would have to be welded.”
Number Seven was moved, but she liked the fact that the operator was joking.
“haha! If it’s not me, there’s no one else who can do it. You’ll never dig Apocalypse without me!”
“That is also true.” Number Seven’s mouth closed again, but unlike the first time, the atmosphere was hot.
Sirone stood up and said.
“Well then, shall we go to work?”
Middle East, Kingdom of Paras.
The World War caused by the Gustav Empire took a significant blow to the Kingdom of Paras.
The biggest shock was the death of King Casartak, who ruled Paras for 40 years.
However, the powerful in the Middle East, which is called the source of ancient civilization, did not easily yield.
“We should start soon.”
A soft voice resounded in the ancient Grand Hall of the royal castle Delaima.
King Kitra.
As the youngest son of Casartak, he had a neutral appearance with black makeup around his eyes.
“Your Highness, preparations are complete. In this temple, the Kingdom of Paras will become the ruling nation of the world.”
The servants had no doubts.
The ability of Kitra, who ascended the throne at the age of ten, was most suitable for Paras, who was proud of being the beginning of intelligence.
“Hmm??????
The venomous snake coiled around Kitra’s neck flicked its tongue at the servants in the audience.
“Call Zulu.”
The servants lifted their heads in unison.
“Your Majesty, the ancient civilization of Paras has never allowed strangers to approach… … black!”
Piri-ri-ri-ri!
The trembling of the snake’s tongue made the servants’ faces pale.
“pee.”
Kitra made a noise with his mouth, and the snake turned its head and stuck out its tongue at him.
He licked the snake’s venom as if kissing, then spoke again.
“Bring Zulu.”
The soldier quickly left the Grand Hall.
After a while, the door opened and Zulu and Sirone, Kanis and Arin entered side by side.
The Zulu, sucking on a black teat, knelt in front of the king with a groan.
“Did you call, Your Highness?”
“Zulu.”
The great magician who was the pride of the Kingdom of Paras and loved by Casartak until the end.
“I think of the past. Dad really liked you. I also called you my mother and followed you. It’s hard to notice. Did you hate my father that much?”
side, side.
There was no emotion to be found on Zulu’s face, who was biting on a black nipple.
‘ beautiful.’
Does daily abuse of a newborn child turn it into something so twisted?
“So, you want to explore the Pyramid of Truth?”
“Yes, Your Highness. There, my colleagues and I will reveal the secrets of the outside world.”
Kitra’s gaze turned to the three people standing on the other side of Zulu, especially Sirone.
“Oh Daesung of the Ivory Tower, I’m sorry to have kept you waiting. As you know, my country is a little busy.”
Almost all kings pretend to be bold to the stars, but Kitra’s attitude was sincere.
‘It’s a really unique energy. This temple must be fierce.’
Sirone replied politely.
“It is a big decision to open up a country’s national notation. For the sake of mankind, please allow it.”
“Humanity what… …
Kitra crossed her legs comfortably.
“The oasis is said to have dried up because of the explosion of the Pandemonium. If it wasn’t for you, the damage would have been greater.”
“It’s an overstatement.”
It was a build-up to listen to a word anyway, and Kitra did not take the time.
“I won’t.”
While the servants were agitated, Kanis and Arin’s eyes tightened.
‘ done.’
A super ancient civilization opens.

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-1095.txt
=============YYYYY=============
Last Crusade (2)
As if a lens was covered over the continent, the heat of the desert was increasing day by day.
“It’s awful.”
Canis covered the sun with her palm.
Even the oasis was completely dried up due to the explosion of Marvas, the commander of the 5th Corps.
Sirone said.
“Fridge and Argan are restoring Oasis in each city. Even if I did, I couldn’t even go 3 days… …
Zulu pointed to the horizon.
“I’m waiting.”
It was a huge oasis that shimmered like a mirage.
“Naganak. It means the Holy Grail of God. It is a royal decree directly managed by the Kingdom of Paras.”
Arin stuck out his tongue.
“It is water.”
Of course, you can make water with magic, but drinking an oasis with your eyes was refreshing.
said Canis.
“A 6km radius around the Pyramid of Truth is an access control zone. So pilgrims, travelers and explorers all congregate at Nagnak. In short, it is the closest point accessible to ordinary people.”
Sirone took out the entry permit.
“They said if you go to Nagnak’s National Treasure Department and turn in this, the soldiers will guide you.”
During our conversation, we arrived at Nagnak.
It was the size of about 200 households living together, and there were a lot of people from out of town.
“wow?… ”
As the cold wind blew, Arin took off his cloak and dried his sweat.
“Canis, look over there. The oasis did not dry out. It didn’t rain while he was staying in the royal castle.”
“that??????
Just as Sirone was about to explain, two familiar apostles walked from inside the village.
It was the Bingryong Frieji and the Machine Dragon Argan.
“It’s a dragon.”
As Arin spoke of what he saw with menarche, Canis’ shadow grew sharply.
Fridge has arrived.
“I have been waiting for you, Messiah.” Her silver hair, cold appearance, and never showing emotion were the same in front of Sirone.
“Does Oasis last long?” The dragon Argan said.
“I worked on it three days ago using Breath. I was going to go on tour to another town, but I got a message from Kira and I’m waiting in a polymorph state.”
Kira was a 1-star resident of the Unified Space Management Department and a master of undead magic.
“By the way, what about Kira?”
“I was supposed to wait with us, but I got an urgent telegram from the Ivory Tower and was dispatched.”
“A telegram?”
Sirone raised one eyebrow.
Stang Kingdom.
When Sirone called, a flash of light flew through the sky and landed in front of him.
“Did you call?”
It was Lampa, a 3-star resident of the Ivory Tower and an authority on information magic.
“I heard that Kira from Paras Kingdom received an urgent telegram and left. What happened?”
Except for special cases, all work was reported to Oh Dae-seong.
“that is… …
Upon hearing the explanation, Sirone’s expression became serious.
“It finally showed up.”
“yes. The army of Hell, led by Baal, the 1st Corps Commander, is fighting the Kingdom of Corona. The charter is Bing Bing. All the stars except Sirone have been summoned to the Ivory Tower.”
“The Corona Kingdom is not weak. What Taeseong is concerned about is… … Is it the Demon Realm?”
Lampa nodded.
“Deadly Cross. Baal, more precisely, Habitz intends to break the ivory tower.”
“But they still haven’t opened the Pandemonium. There is a deeper ulterior motive than that.”
“You must have the temple in mind. Because Corona also participates. It is to hold the ivory tower hostage and gain an advantage in negotiations.”
My bones were already sore.
“But why didn’t you call me? A simultaneous incident would suffice.”
Rampa spoke with difficulty.
“This is what Taeseong ordered. The reason is unfathomable, but the people of the ivory tower
The crisis is also a bit different than before.” “Freed-sama and Amanta-sama. The System Supervision Department and the Balance Department have lost their five major characteristics. Losing 10 stars in the Ivory Tower as a whole is a huge loss. Right now, we have no choice but to absorb and integrate, and Sing-nim is at the center of it.”
“Thing.”
The Five Great Stars of the Ministry of Law.
“Sing-nim’s view of the world is different from Sirone-nim’s. It hasn’t surfaced yet, but the stars and inhabitants of the Ivory Tower must be making their own decisions in their hearts. Although Minerva keeps the banner of Yahweh, it is estimated that there are a significant number of people who follow Sing-nim’s point of view.”
“I am surprised.”
It wasn’t conceit.
‘We shared a lot of sympathy. I believed that we understood each other even if we didn’t achieve it.’
Why did you suddenly change your mind?
“The atmosphere is not good. It is necessary to hold a large convocation, but the temple is like that, and the charter of Corona is fierce… … . For now, it seems that Taeseong only blocked Sirone-sama’s summons.”
“Is it that serious? Of course, Mr. Singh is a strong man, but I have done something in the Ivory Tower.”
“That is… …
The wrinkles on Lampa’s forehead deepened.
“Sing-nim approved the Taiji Law. It seems that this fact shocked the stars and residents.”
“Taegeuk.”
Two people came to mind in Sirone’s mind.
“Yin-ji and Yang-ji.”
Ivory Tower.
Two identical twin sisters entered Sing’s room.
“Did you call?”
yin and yang.
It wasn’t hard to tell them apart as an Ivory Tower 4-star resident, with a completely different atmosphere.
“okay. What is the Corona situation?”
Yangji answered.
“Nothing. Although Baal’s armies are the mightiest elite in Hell, I can wipe them out. Please send us away right now.”
umji said.
“Until the stars all gather, we must be cautious. First of all, solidarity within the ivory tower… …
Yangji intercepted the words.
“Using our Taegeuk, Singnim’s law is absolutely fulfilled. let’s just go I’ll wipe out the demon army and rip off Baal’s d!ck.”
“A jawless sound.”
The sound was spat out.
“When Baal dies, Havitz comes. When one dies in Taegeuk, it leads to the annihilation of the Ivory Tower. Demons will take over the world. They will torture humans, and we will be captured by them… …
she trembled.
“All sorts of things will happen. I won’t kill you easily. You will scream, struggle, and end your life. In the end, only pain. It’s done. This world is doomed!”
Yangji shouted.
“I’m not screwed! We have 8 stars as the law of Taiji. No five major stars are higher than us! Ah, Mr. Singh, I’m sorry. I didn’t say it with the intention of hurting you.”
“Then what do you do! You are human after all! They are no different from worms in the ground. Creatures are insignificant! You can never, never defeat Satan!”
“Because I want to hear this… … Thing stopped talking.
“stop.”
The expressions of the yin and yang were initialized at the same time, and they stood side by side again like twins.
“I know what you guys are thinking. But I won’t make any choice. The first step is to make the residents of the Ivory Tower on my side. Start there.”
Yinji asked.
“I’m sorry, but why are you splitting up? I thought Sing-nim liked Sirone-nim.”
Thing’s eyes darkened.
“I don’t trust anyone. The reason I accepted you was to carry out my will. Deliver my will to the stars of the System Inspection Department. The two of you will be fine.”
When Yin-Ji and Yang-Ji left the room, Sing turned to the window overlooking the atmosphere.
“Sirone.”
In terms of likes and dislikes, it was definitely a good.
“Understand me.”
Nagnak Oasis.
Regardless of the situation in the Ivory Tower, Sirone focused on what she had to do in Paras.
Simultaneous events were his own sense, and sharing them only disturbed everyone.
“Then, let’s go.”
The party headed to the government office in the center of the village.
It was the only stone house, and the staff and pilgrims were fighting over a table.
“You don’t mean to go inside! You can’t even see the pyramids from here!”
“It is the name of the king. In the past two months, the number of people visiting this place has increased tenfold. Go back.”
“Then send your family at least! I’ll be right back as soon as I fix my emotional illness… …
“This person is real! Do you know how many people I deal with every day who talk like you? This is not even a hospital! Go back before the guards are called!”
Sirone saw the sculpture carved into the wall of the building.
‘The Pyramid of Truth.’
The image of a large pupil floating on top of the pyramid was embossed.
‘All eyes.’
Did ancient people know the eyes of the outside world?
‘Super ancient civilizations are not recorded in Omega. Otherwise, all data will be lost. but… …
The fact that ancient people came and went to the Pyramid of Truth could be known from the symbol.
Waiting for her turn, Sirone went to the table with the pass given to her by the king himself.
“hello. Pyramid of Truth “Ha.”
The staff let out a sigh.
“Hey, wouldn’t you have heard if you had ears? How many times have I made you say it! Are you making fun of people for working in the middle of the desert!”
“No, not that… …
As Sirone handed out the pass, someone at the end of the table shouted.
“What are you talking about? I got permission 4 months ago! To the Minister of Land Management!”
“That was four months ago. Do you not know the world situation? The king’s name has changed, but what use is this document?”
“Four months is a very tight time! Ruins exploration is no joke, manpower and equipment… …
“Ah, that’s all right. If it doesn’t work, it won’t work, so go back.”
The staff consulting with Sirone turned his head again and said with a sneer.
“Did you see? The Minister of Land, Infrastructure and Transport’s medicine is not working. therefore… …
The eyes of the employee holding the pass with both hands and trying to hand it back suddenly opened wide.
“uh? this… …
The seal of Kitra, the king of Paras, was stamped in a large size in the middle of the pass.
“Excuse me!”
When the pale-faced employee jumped up and shouted, everyone turned around.
The explorer at the end also saw Sirone and the others, but soon turned his head to the staff.
“Anyway, if this is not approved, I will file a formal complaint with Paras Kingdom.
you… …
I heard the voice of the staff in charge of sirone.
“Come, come this way.”
The explorer suddenly realized that he was guiding the party until they left the table.
“excuse me! those people! You’re going to the Pyramid of Truth right now, right? How did this happen? A curfew?”
“What, what kind of small grain? To His Highness the King…
As if there was no need to listen, the explorer turned around and followed Sirone.
“Hey, you guys there! Wait a minute!” As Sirone turned around, the explorer, who had grown his beard to his chest, grabbed him by the shoulder and shook him.
“Did you guys lose your approval?”
“Ah, that… …
“tell me! No, take me! Our team has been preparing for a long time! It will definitely help.”
Since it was a dangerous mission, Sirone did not want to involve civilians as much as possible.
“sorry. We are separate… …
“If it’s money, I’ll pay! Is it because of emotional illness? Or an ancient artifact? don’t… … . yes’?”
The explorer, who had lost his mind halfway, changed his gaze and looked closely at Sirone.
“Sirone?”
Upon hearing the name, Sirone also made a blank expression when he saw the face hidden behind his beard.
“uh?”
At that moment, the explorer’s eyes glowed red.
“Hahahaha! Yes Sirone! You really are a sirone!”
“Mr. Ares?”
He was Amy’s second brother.

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-1096.txt
=============YYYYY=============
Last Crusade (3)
‘Come to think of it… …
Sirone remembered the fact that Ares’ job was an explorer, and soon agreed.
‘They said they were making maps.’
Ares said.
“Wherever I go, I hear about you. How are you with Amy? How are you?”
“You didn’t go to your parents’ house?”
“haha! It happened because I lived. Sometimes I send letters but never get a reply.”
Ares looked happy, and that was the free-spirited family of Karmis.
“by the way… …
After the happy reunion, he was conscious of the gazes around him and whispered in his ear.
“Let’s go to a quiet place for now. Are you trying to enter the Pyramid of Jin Lee? Talk to me.”
Though the idea of a dangerous mission did not change, it was good to keep track of Ares’ recent situation.
“Shall we have a meal then?”
“good. my team is waiting I’ll introduce you, so take a good look. They are all capable guys.”
Sirone was not swayed by the words that subtly induced the atmosphere with an interview.
Ares asked while heading to the teammates’ location.
“How are you been?”
I knew who it was without even asking.
Stang National School of Magic.
At sunset, the last training session was over.
“ha. ha.”
The Wizard exhaled heavily, but his expression was filled with a sense of accomplishment.
‘I did it.’
Everything Sirone could teach him, literally, was the essence of Sirone.
“Congratulations, Wizard.”
The teachers applauded, and Sirone and Amy, who were watching the drill, walked away.
The reason why I couldn’t just laugh was because her first actual battle was too harsh.
‘Can I do it?’
murder.
‘Even if you are the worst human being in the universe, it is not easy to kill someone. You have to think independently of your skills. If the wizard hesitates even for a moment… …
Harvitz was not going to miss that opportunity.
“teacher.”
The Wizard looked up at Sirone with clear eyes.
‘It’s nice eyes.’
His clear and clear eyes seemed to be unable to kill anyone, not even a single bug.
‘But that’s why it’s possible.’
Although he had no intention of glorifying it, the Wizard’s accident went beyond the scope of murder.
‘There is no resentment towards Havitz, no special purpose or will. A purity that transcends humanity.’
That’s why you can see through the vanishing.
‘It’s like a natural phenomenon. No, the spirit is already nature. To describe the Wizard… …
Should I say Good Havitz?
The deep meaning of those words weighed on my heart.
‘The only natural enemy. This is the only way.’
She now knows how to feel just by looking at Sirone’s eyes, and said with a smile.
“Everything is ready.”
“okay. let’s go.”
Zivero, where the temple assembly is held.
“Get some rest today. I will leave the Kingdom of Stang tomorrow. I will follow you too.”
“yes. Thank you so much.”
Seeing the wizard walking away, Sirone sighed, and Amy shrugged her shoulders.
“You did your best. Let’s believe.”
“It should be.”
Sirone’s eyes became vague for a moment, and he turned his head as if he had suddenly remembered.
“Oh, by the way, did you hear about Mr. Ares?”
“huh? my brother? no, i didn’t hear Why all of a sudden’?”
“that is… … In fact, he’s with me right now. in the Kingdom of Paras. They must be trying to investigate the pyramids.”
Amy, who was blinking with a blank expression, suddenly frowned.
“This idiot… …
Then he tugged at Sirone’s ear and shouted.
“hey! If the limbs are alive and well, you won’t have to come home at least once! Do you know how worried Mom and Dad are?”
“Ouch!”
Sirone squinted one eye, but Amy was half lost.
“Dead or alive, no news! All I sent was a bloody picture and I really…
“Stop, stop!”
Sirone grumbled as he rubbed his earlobes.
“Because I don’t do that. This… …
But the moment I saw the tears in Amy’s eyes, I couldn’t say anything.
“I thought you were really dead… …
Sirone hugged Amy and rubbed her back.
“are you okay. How are you?”
Wizard turned around at the training ground entrance
had been watching it for a long time.
Nagnak Oasis.
“I think you should contact me when this work is over. I am very worried.”
Ares smiled sadly.
“… … Is that so?”
If you love your job too much, you may end up hurting the people you love.
“Ares!”
Hearing the gruff voice, Sirone looked ahead.
Three people who seemed to be Ares’ teammates were making puzzled faces.
Sirone recognized one of them.
‘Great swordsman Yufra.’
Except for growing a gray beard, he was almost identical to the youth recorded in the Omega.
‘Master of the twin swords. A warlike personality.’
He must have already passed his 60s, but it seemed like he was still active.
The other two looked like a couple, about their late twenties, and dressed in priestly clothes.
the woman asked.
“Ares, who are these people?” Ares smiled broadly as if he had never done that before and introduced Sirone.
“Aryan Sirone. He’s Amy’s boyfriend.”
That was all of the introduction, but there were few people in the world who didn’t know Sirone.
“Yahweh?”
“nice to see you. I am… …
Sirone, who was about to shake hands, saw that the priests’ foreheads were slightly wrinkled.
‘It’s Rami Gyo.’
If you were reluctant to hear the word Yahweh, there were only Lamians who believed in one God.
The man turned to Ares.
“What happened?” It was to ask why they were brought here even though they knew the relationship between Lamie and Yahweh.
Ares scratched his head.
“No, that… …
If it was a different job, I wouldn’t have to introduce myself, but this time it was different.
“I was rejected by the government office. I even showed you the minister’s certificate, but it was of no use.”
The woman raised one eyebrow.
“What do you mean? How much lobbying in the Holy See… … No, I got it through persuasion.”
Looking at Sirone, she continued.
“Give me this. I will come.”
“You don’t have to. No matter what I say, I won’t listen. Once the king has changed Besides, there are rumors that this time the king is not at the top. the man asked.
“so. What does that have to do with bringing Yahweh? Is this person allowed to enter?”
“That’s right.”
“huh?”
“I have a pass directly approved by the king. If this is the case, we are also free passes.”
Sirone intervened.
“I never said I would accompany you?”
While the priests’ expressions became serious, Ares shoved Sirone’s back and said.
“now! So, let’s eat, Bob.”
Ares, who was taking Sirone and the others, looked back at the priest and the others and winked.
the woman asked.
“… … What are you going to do?”
“Let’s go. The Pope is also expecting a lot from this expedition.”
If there is anything in the outside world, it must be the only God that La Migyo believes in.
The 10 people gathered in the restaurant sat side by side with a long table in between.
When Ares introduced himself, Kanis and Arin made surprised faces.
‘That person is Ares. I didn’t know because of the beard, but now I see that her eyes resemble Amy’s.’
Although archeology and cartography are different disciplines, they are broadly the same domain.
“The two priests here, as you can guess, are the priests of Lamie.”
The man’s name was Glenn, and the woman’s name was Lucia.
“You know that the Holy See is divided into two departments, right? The Diocesan Administration and the Holy Knights Office.”
“Ah yes.”
There are paladins in the Holy Knights Office.
“Glen and Rukia work for the parish office. Both of them are supreme priests.”
The priest’s faith is the same as the magician’s mental strength, so he guessed the meaning.
‘Well, if it was a mission to investigate a super ancient civilization, the Vatican wouldn’t have sent anyone.’
Next, great swordsman Yufra was introduced, and then it was Sirone’s turn. Glenn and Rukia listened calmly, but their expressions changed when the 12 apostles appeared.
‘Dragon.’
A few days ago, I saw that the oasis was filled with Bingryong and Kiryong’s breath.
Although he was polymorphed now, the horror of that time still remained in his body.
Ares coughed.
“Then, since you made a full statement, shall we listen until the food is served? How did you get the king’s approval? From what I’ve heard, they say that I’m an eccentric and a nerd.”
“I got help from Mr. Zulu.” When Sirone spoke of what had happened, Ares and the others nodded in agreement.
“Hmm, you stayed quite a long time. I’m glad I got the permit, too. That’s why… …
Ares pointed at himself with his thumb.
“Please join us.”
“No.” Perhaps not knowing that they would be rejected at once, Ares put on a dazed expression, and Glenn and Rukia narrowed their eyes.
“sorry. I want to help, but this is really dangerous.”
“How do you know?” Glenn asked.
“Even the Vatican has eyes and ears. A super ancient civilization is a place related to the outside world, but no one knows what kind of place it is.” Sirone knew.
“Shall I tell you? Yahweh, you just don’t like the Lamies investigating the Pyramid of Truth. If the existence of God is proven there, Yahweh will become a pseudonym.”
“It doesn’t matter.”
“But why not! Do you think we, who are called the best priests in the Vatican, will give up because we are dangerous? Ares and Mr. Youfra here are stronger than the friends sitting next to you?”
Canis was hot.
“What is it?”
“Kanis, bear with it for now.”
Arin stopped, but Canis’s shadow was already stretching beyond her back.
‘A magical creature.’
As long arms came out from both sides of the shadow, Yufra finally revealed his intention to live.
Ares held out both hands.
“what? What’s the mood like? He’s my sister’s boyfriend. Everyone decides for now.”
Sirone didn’t want to fight either.
“This has no meaning. I received it while passing through. Building a team is also my responsibility.”
Glenn didn’t lose either.
“It is our right to investigate the existence of God. If we can’t get in, you can’t either.”
said Canis.
“Sirone, let’s just accept it. Did you say Glenn? Would the god you believe in steal someone else’s pass?”
Glenn’s face turned red.
“Don’t take God’s name anywhere! This is my personal fight!”
“Haha, are you an individual at this time? Well, you guys… …
“stop it!”
Rukia jumped up and shouted.
“No more blasphemy! It’s because of me that Glenn is doing this. Glenn, let’s give up.”
“No, it can’t be. I will go to the Pyramid of Truth at all costs.”
said Canis.
“Then get a pass and bring it.”
Ignoring the sarcasm, Glenn glared Sirone straight in the eye.
“Let’s decide here. You and I, who are the right people to explore God.”
“To be clear, I refuse. I don’t want to fight anyone. Ares, I’m sorry.”
It was Glenn who ruined the mood, so Ares had nothing to say this time.
“We will stop.”
As Sirone was about to leave, Glenn jumped at her, raising her eyes terribly.
“Wait a minute!”
“Glen! please… … Huh!”
Rukia, who was standing up to stop her lover, suddenly grabbed her chest and fell to the floor.
“Rukia!”
“iced coffee! iced coffee!”
His whole body shuddered with the excruciating pain, and the veins along his neck rose up to his cheeks.
“Lucia! Wake! Be patient! Rukia!”
Sirone noticed immediately.
“Emotional disease.”
A disease created by the devil was brought to the Holy See by the winds of the continent.

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-1097.txt
=============YYYYY=============
Last Crusade (4)
“Oooh!”
Looking down at Rukia, who was writhing in pain, Sirone put on a sad expression.
The fact that the emotional disease that started in Tormia arrived at the Vatican riding the wind means that it almost circled the planet once.
am.’
No one can escape.
‘According to guidelines from the World Health Organization
Emotional illness can be controlled to some extent. But Rukia-san… …
There is nothing more to give up.
‘No, you can’t give up. All instructions to carry out in the name of God, God.’
Glenn was out of his mind.
“Rukia, be patient! I’ll fix it! I will definitely take you to the Pyramid of Truth… … !”
“cadet! Ahhh!”
Sirone asked with a cold expression.
“What happened?”
Argan, the dragon, answered in a small voice.
“There are rumors that some of the pilgrims who broke through the control and approached the Pyramid of Truth were cured of emotional illness.”
“Didn’t you hear?”
If it was true, Seriel would have stepped in.
“It seems that Paras controlled the information. But lately more pilgrims are coming. It is only a matter of time before information spreads beyond national borders.”
“… … That’s why the king gave permission to enter.”
Judgment that it is better to reveal the truth of the pyramid before the situation gets out of control.
Ares said.
“I’m sorry for not revealing it beforehand. My first attempt to explore the pyramids was out of pure curiosity. Then, emotional disease broke out, and Glenn and Rukia joined. Rukia is in a bit of a special situation. She can’t stand her any longer.” “There are several prescriptions for emotional illness. First, the guidelines of the World Health Organization. And, from what I’ve heard, a self called Giyorgi relieves symptoms.”
Sirone’s eyes grew bitter.
“But he is a demon. It’s a method that would never be tolerated in Lamie. Then he heard rumors about Yahweh. I don’t know if it’s true, but you
one… …
Ares looked around for a moment.
“I heard you have the ability to suppress emotional illness?”
“yes.”
Glenn turned his head and shouted.
“Miss Ares! Don’t talk nonsense! A priest of Lamie religion is receiving help from Yahweh!”
“iced coffee! Ahhh!”
Glenn’s face turned pale as Rukia screamed impatiently.
“Lucia! Rukia!”
Seeing that, Sirone said.
“But I can’t cure it either. If you don’t get baptized by me periodically, you will relapse.”
“… … Right.”
Ares rummaged through his pockets.
“The last solution we investigated, this is it. Only in the Southern Continent did he take out liquids and syringes.
“Angel Tears, Angel.”
He said that he suggested all four ways to respond to emotional illness.
“I had it just in case you didn’t know. Even if we can hold on, Rukia won’t give up anything.”
Rukia shook her head with difficulty, perhaps listening to Ares’ words even in pain.
“No, Glenn. For a priest to rely on something like that… … . I will endure… … Ahhh!”
Everyone who suffered from emotional illness knew that the pain was not something they could endure.
Glenn cried.
“Rukia, only this once. Let’s get this medicine. Then, in the Pyramid of Truth… …
Rukia smiled thinly.
“Glen, I will definitely go back to the Vatican. The Pope… … You will acknowledge me.”
papal decree.
Up north from the Mediterranean is the Vatican of Lamie, the world’s largest religion.
Shirone, Iruki, and Nade, who stopped their pilgrimage to the Central Continent, arrived at the Papal Territory early in the morning.
Nade looked around.
“Are you okay? If they knew you were Yahweh, the Vatican would not let them go.”
“I can’t help it. The temple will open soon. I can’t see the Pope if it’s not now.”
Yahweh, who fought against demons on a pilgrimage to the Central Continent, was now a worldwide celebrity.
Lamigyo could not be left unattended, and has been constantly sabotaging by moving the genitals.
“Papal office.”
A tall spire that made people feel awe just by looking at it caught their eyes.
“Extra! Extra!”
Priests with shaved heads were handing out bundles of newspapers to the people.
“What is going on?”
The official newspaper of the Holy See reports extraordinary events in dioceses around the world, but now it was an extra. Iruki approached in place of Sirone.
“One copy, please.”
The priest, who prioritized speed, handed over the newspaper and passed by without even looking at his face.
“Hmm.”
I checked the headlines.
– impending crusade. World leaders bet the future of mankind on God’s command.
“It ends up like this.”
The seat that determines the leader of mankind.
As the world situation is serious, the prevailing opinion is that this will be the last holy war.
“12 countries will participate in this temple.”
Qualifications are determined by integrating annual gross domestic product, population, and national defense scale.
“Until now, the Three Emperors moved the military of the holy war as a standing member, but this time, 12 countries will compete as non-standing members. Pope Constantine will be there as an observer. It is a system approved by the Lamie Church once the leader is decided.”
said Iruki.
“The leader country will be determined by the logic of power, but if you use religion, you can quickly absorb the results into the world. Lamie religion is sanctioned by the holy crusades, and the pope’s words are protected by world law. Definitely an excellent choice.”
It was so strong that even people who did not believe in God thought of the god of Lamie at the word god.
said Nade.
“The Lamigyo side has nothing to lose. It is a golden opportunity to seize the hegemony of the religious world once again in the situation at the end of the century when new religions gain strength.”
Sirone nodded.
“I agree with the idea that the world should unite. Of course, it won’t be that easy, but… …
Nade flipped through the newspaper.
“Any article is talking about emotional disease. Anyway, that’s a lot of information. You can find out about issues from all over the world just by looking at the newspapers published by the Holy See.”
Then, he saw an article that caught Sirone’s eye.
“wait for a sec. here… …
-Where is Priest Rukia?
It was an article that began with such a preface, and Sirone read it without missing a single word.
Iruki murmured.
“Hmm, interesting. To think that a priest of the Vatican, who was also called the essence of God, was excommunicated.”
Rukia, who rose from her mother’s faith to a priesthood, made a name for herself as the best priest in the Vatican.
Nade added.
“You seem to have tremendous abilities. Because all the bad guys you know by name have knelt down.”
Sirone continued reading.
‘She was cursed by the devil. While injuring High Priest Maximus, the third person in the papacy… …
At the end of the article, it was said that the wise priest, Glenn, had fallen for Rukia’s temptation.
said Iruki.
“Escape together. It’s an article written from the Vatican’s point of view, so I can’t believe it 100%. It could be an escape from love. High-ranking priests and paladins have a doctrine of keeping golden marriages.”
said Nade.
“But they are not high priests. Well, someday that will happen. But Sirone, why is this article?”
“These are people I know.”
“Simultaneous events?”
“huh. I’m in Paras Kingdom now. I wondered why he was obsessed with the Pyramid of Truth… …
Sirone’s mind became complicated.
Holy See.
Constantine was looking down at the Papal States from the top of the spire.
There was a knock, and the media priest of the parish administration entered the room.
“Holy Father, extras have been distributed. Sooner or later the world will know.”
“Yeah, good job.”
When the haloed pope smiled benevolently, it seemed as if light radiated from his body.
‘The world’s strongest priest.’
It was strange to be called the strongest for a clergyman, but it was different now when demons were in full swing.
‘He is the one who will deal with the entire demon tribe alone. This person will lead us to the path of God.’
said Constantine.
“I read the extra. Well done.”
“It is overrated. We admire the great judgment of the Pope in announcing that he will follow the guidelines of the World Health Organization.”
“Rukia… …
The priest shrugged.
“It’s a bit different from the direction I wanted. Of course, I don’t mean to disparage the priest’s skills.”
“I’m sorry. But if you show favoritism to Rukia, the authority of the Holy See will collapse. Anyway, the child… …
“favoritism?”
The priest, realizing his mistake, bowed his head.
“sorry!”
“It’s okay. Everyone makes mistakes. Because we follow God, we are not God. Many people forget this fact and live. Even Maximus, the High Priestess.”
“The Pope… …
It was dangerous even for Constantine to disparage the 3rd high priest of the Vatican.
“haha! What do you think? I’m not scolding you. Maximus, Rukia, and even me. In fact, if you go deep, it’s not anyone’s fault. It’s complicated, life is.”
“That’s why there are doctrines. to obey the will of God. Rukia broke doctrine, and excommunication was justified.”
“It’s also pitiful.”
Constantine asked, eyes shining.
“Hey, why do you believe in God?”
“??????yes?”
I wondered if it was too blasphemous a question to be said to have come from the mouth of the pope.
“If you want to create a better world, you just have to be kind. Even if God created us, shouldn’t we just be thankful and live our lives? Then why do we believe in God?”
Finally, the priest’s expression became serious.
“Good for me… …
“That this is not the end.”
said Constantine.
“We believe in God because we want it to never end. To realize the momentary emptiness and plan eternity. That is the duty given to religious people.”
The priest shrank slightly.
“Human beings easily forget death, but we shouldn’t be like that. Speaking of a priest, he is responsible for death, not life.”
To be sure there is no end.
“Can you be responsible for someone else’s death? Will I be able to take responsibility for the death of mankind?”
Those who take responsibility will be used by God.
“I miss Rukia. Glenn too.”
The priest, who mumbled for a while, lowered his head as if he couldn’t help it.
“I will publish an article in the next issue.”
Nagnak Oasis.
No one was left in the cafeteria because of how terrifying Rukia’s screams were.
Only Sirone and Ares and the others waited impatiently for her decision.
“no. the pain won’t stop Rukia will not give up anything.”
to prove one’s faith.
“Angel.”
Before Ares could do anything, Glen snatched the syringe and injected the drug.
“Glenn, I… …
“I’m sorry, Rukia.”
Unable to watch any longer, Glenn brought a needle into Rukia’s slender forearm.
“no! no!”
She, who had strongly refused even in pain, suddenly opened her eyes wide and let out a breath.
“Huh uh uh uh!”
Brilliant light enveloped her and the veins protruding from her face began to settle.
“Sir, Sirone.”
Ares stepped back, and Glenn looked back at Sirone and opened his mouth in surprise.
“Hey, Yahweh.”
The Miracle Stream was rising.

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-1098.txt
=============YYYYY=============
Last Crusade (5)
Glenn frowned.
“What are you doing?”
“Rukia-san will be fine for a while.”
“Then what are you doing! Do you know why she held back? Do you think she is doing this out of pain?”
“It’s better than Angel.”
“Wrong! I’d rather do drugs, and getting help from Ethan is absolutely forbidden in Lamy Church… …
“Geul, Glenn.”
At Rukia’s voice, which was different from before, Glenn shook his head and turned his head.
“now… … I’m fine.”
In front of her calm eyes, Glenn was unable to say anything.
“Why?”
He clenched his fists.
“I know. That Yahweh’s standard for treating emotional illness is those who fight for the world.”
If there is not even such a standard, people all over the world will catch Yahweh’s ankles.
“But we are the priests of Lamie. Helping you is like denying your faith.”
“There is no need to deny it. I just suppressed Rukia-san’s emotional illness.”
“You broke your standards! If you save Rukia, you must save the others too! But it can’t be. The whole world will criticize you!”
“Then you can take the blame.”
Glenn’s expression darkened.
“The important thing is to produce better results, not to follow my rules. I am not doing this to be loved or recognized by someone. I just… …
one thing you want
“I want everyone to be happy.” A moment of silence passed.
Sado was watching Sirone with a reverent expression, and Glenn lowered his head.
“shit??????
A hand came up on his shoulder.
When I turned my head, I saw Rukia smiling, supported by Ares.
That expression was telling.
“sorry.”
Glenn looked back at Sirone and said.
“It seems that you have lost your reason in your haste. give me a chance to explain me and rukia
am……”
“I know. There were two articles in the official newspaper of the Vatican. I heard he was excommunicated.”
Rukia said.
“Me and Glenn are in love. However, in order to become a senior priest, you must abide by the doctrine of golden marriage. High Priest Maximus rebuked me. Break up with Glenn. I got angry, and then I stopped… …
she raised her left hand.
“The new ability has been activated.”
“ability?”
Glenn explained.
“Rukia has a powerful ability that is unmatched even in the Holy See. That’s why the high priest hated me. Rukia’s future is ruined because of me.”
“Glenn.”
“It’s not that I’m resentful. Because my country would have been like that too. Anyway, Rukia has amazing abilities. She is called the right hand of God.”
Rukia approached Sirone.
“I will show you.”
Frizzy and Argan tried to approach, but Sirone stopped them.
“are you okay. I want to know too.”
“My right hand… … As Rukia gently gripped Shirone’s wrist, his entire body drained of strength.
“uh?”
Rukia supported Sirone’s back and laid her on the floor.
“It relaxes all living things to their limit.”
There was no restraint.
‘Feeling pleasantly exhausted. Even my fingers don’t move, but there’s no anxiety.’
“So far, no one has been able to get out of this state. Among them were yakshas and van yas.”
It was definitely powerful.
“But you might be able to get out.”
After thinking for a moment, Sirone raised her hand, and Glenn’s eyes widened.
“Uh, how?”
Rukia said as she raised Sirone up.
“Scholars say eating out of the rules, but Lamigyo calls this phenomenon a miracle.”
Both were areas of faith.
“I can touch the heart of a subject. It feels like water. It’s decided there. Unlike the mind, the mind has no barriers, so the mind itself must be strong in order to defeat the right hand of God.”
Rukia was bitter.
“The moment I grabbed your wrist, I honestly felt dizzy. It felt like being submerged in the sea rather than touching the water.”
I felt the heart of Yahweh.
“I have edified many wicked people with this ability. But maybe I had a bad heart, and while I was being scolded by Archpriest Maximus, I awakened a new ability.”
Rukia raised her other hand.
“The Devil’s Left Hand.”
The reason why the priest of Lamie religion dared to name it devil was because it was the truth.
“A creature that touches my left hand twists and crumples itself. I quickly let go of his hand, but Father Maximus broke his elbow.”
“… … Awesome.”
Rukia nodded at the honest answer.
“is it so. The strength of the ability is comparable to that of a god’s right hand. I will not deny the name Devil. I’m ashamed of myself, and I’m sick of it… …
“Because it’s that kind of ability.”
“yes. Like eating out, miracles are also a function of the mind. I was excommunicated in return, but I’m sure. If I can subdue this demon in my left hand, it will prove my faith.”
It was such a story.
“Yahweh, no, Mr. Sirone. I see that your beliefs are different, but your heart is no different from mine. So please… …
She slightly bowed her head.
“Please take me to the Pyramid of Truth.”
Ares’ beard trailed the corners of his mouth, and Glenn murmured, averting his gaze.
“… … It will be helpful enough.” After exchanging glances with Canis, Arin, and Zulu, Sirone nodded and said,
“great.”
Jive Kingdom.
Two days before the holy war, rulers from all over the world were arriving one after another.
“Tomorrow is the eve.”
The person sitting on the throne was a large man in his mid-thirties with a handsome beard.
Steel King Gis.
He was the man who purged King Mayer and became the king of Jive through elections.
“It’s also the day I become the king of the world.”
Jive’s annual gross domestic product was 3,224 trillion gold, of which the defense budget was 44 trillion gold.
The number of certified first-class magicians was nine, and it was also the country that produced Nane, the Buddha of the era.
“hey! king!”
The door opened with a bang and an archangel taller than a human entered.
It was the archangel of disintegration, Satiel.
“How long are you going to wait?
what. I want to disintegrate Ikael quickly.”
There was a gentle ripple in Geese’s eyes.
“Tomorrow you will be able to go outside. Think of it as putting up with it for revenge.”
“Hmph, I wasn’t negotiating with humans in the first place. Even my angels can do it.”
“If you destroy the object, you cannot destroy what is contained within it. Trust me. Ikael will probably shed tears of blood.”
The only thing Ikael can’t stand is that Sirone fall into the abyss.
It was something only humans could do, and it was the reason Satiel joined hands with Jive.
‘Things are going well.’
The reason why the temple was opened in Jive was because the existing Three Emperors readily approved it.
‘There must be some intelligence of my own. But will it change if I say no? Angels don’t break contracts.’
It was already Jive’s power.
“Your Highness, the participating nations are arriving. Currently, Tormia, Kashan and Corona have crossed the border.”
“Hmm.”
The feeling of being at the center of the world wasn’t bad, and Gis stood up.
“good. Shall we go meet you?”
“Entrance! Tormia Kingdom!”
Tormia’s envoys rode horses into Jive’s huge outer gate.
Sirone was next to King Pony, and the guard ‘Kangshin’ built a defensive wall beyond it.
Guard Captain Ogent Lai gave the order.
“Beware of sniping. If you see anything suspicious, respond immediately. I am responsible for the outcome.”
“yes.”
While the men looked around fiercely, they heard the old man’s voice from the side.
“The new captain is very spirited.”
Tormia’s think tank, the head of the dragon mine, a mercodine albino, was smiling.
“Don’t lose your strength from the beginning. All the countries of the holy war are at war. You walk on a tightrope and don’t push the person in front of you.”
Rai didn’t waver.
“Tormia is a relatively weak country. It’s not strange no matter what happens. Do not worry. You will never run out of strength.”
“You are strong.”
The annual gross domestic product of the Kingdom of Tormia was 1,700 trillion, of which the defense budget was 24 trillion gold.
There are three certified first-class wizards.
However, there is Yahweh, the philanthropy of the era, the polar labyrinth of the era, and the technology of the elemental bomb was also monopolized.
‘It’s a map country.’
The albino smiled as he gazed over the guards, his face distorted grotesquely.
‘Hehehe, isn’t this a worthwhile gamble?’
Meanwhile, Sirone saw the procession of Corona Kingdom passing by in the open front.
The residents of the Ivory Tower were herded in large numbers, and the faces of the stars were visible among them.
‘Miss Minerva is nowhere to be seen. Is it because they don’t have enough energy to stop Baal? or not… …
Are you trying to keep Thing in check?
“Sirone.”
Lufist came with Fleur and Dante.
“What about Gaold?”
If Miro and Gaold joined Tormia, the charter itself would change.
“I am not connecting. Let’s wait a little longer. If I were dead, I wouldn’t be here either.”
“… … Right.”
Sirone looked back.
Behind the official’s procession were the troops, and beyond them the tongs.
Reina, a court musician, leads the group as a representative, and Cayden can be seen next to Maya.
‘Where did Mr. Kuan go? Is it in the teacher’s row?’
Among the teachers attending the Future of Humanity Forum was Shiina.
‘I wouldn’t have gone to meet him because of his personality. Well, maybe it’s next to me.’
The polarity of asymmetry was so outstanding.
Contrary to Sirone’s thoughts, Quan escaped the Tormia procession and was high in the sky.
What caught my eye was the procession of the Kashan Empire, the Fengzhang guarding Uolin.
‘I’m going to get my ankle.’
Guards commander Kido twitched his eyebrows.
“I’ve been annoyed since before. It looks like someone is watching from above. Shall I pull you down?”
In the midst of Fengzhang’s silence, Wu Lin spoke.
“Leave it. You won’t catch it anyway.”
“You openly ignore me now, so why did you order the captain of the guards?”
“Ho-ho-ho! Because I’m bored. I think there will be a lot of stress in this temple.”
Gando said as Kido widened his eyes.
“The Empress, over there.”
Tormia, Corona, and Kashan collided in the huge plaza entering the castle.
‘Who enters first.’
King Woodlai of Corona said.
“Heh heh, that’s embarrassing. Why don’t we put aside our exhausting ego fights and enter in the order we arrive?”
Corona was about 5 seconds faster.
Uorin smiled and turned her head away.
“Still, since it is a temple, shouldn’t there be courtesy for all officers? Kashan will go first.”
“All courtesy.”
The corners of Woodlai’s mouth went up.
“Of course, Corona is the first temple. However, I believe that the Empress of Kashan knows better than anyone that it is not because the national power is weak.”
“is that so? I do not know. Has there ever been a country stronger than Kashan?”
“Chuck! That’s good! If the princess of the fallen empire is hurting her pride, I’ll make you happy.”
At that moment, smoke rose from behind Uorin, and everyone’s hearts sank.
“What, what?”
How could I not have noticed?
The man sitting behind Uorin was sucking on a long asker of the drug.
“Whoa.”
Sirone’s eyes lit up.
“Satan.”
It was Gustav Havitz.
continues in the next volume

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-1099.txt
=============YYYYY=============
Beginning of Ruin (1)
Those who knew Harvits were astonished.
‘The atrocities of the times.’
The fact that Satan joined hands with Uorin means that the demons are also under Kashan’s control.
‘Damn it.’
The tension was high.
‘Havitz’s ability is vanishing. A lot of research and analysis have already been done, but… …
The bottom line is that you can’t stop it even if you know it.
‘It’s like releasing a dog into a rabbit cage.’
Of course, no one in the temple considers himself a rabbit.
Lufist asked Sirone.
“Did you know?”
“Any guess. But I never thought I would show up in public like this.”
Sirone turned to Uorin.
‘What Havitz wants is the destruction of the world in the end. Do you really want that?’
As if listening to her heart, she turned her head towards Sirone.
‘Now you’re looking at me.’ That alone made her heart swell, but she was able to hide her emotions even without high gear.
“What is this?”
King Woodlai of Corona scolded.
“Empress of Kashan, calling Satan at a time when we should achieve world unity and promote world peace, do you really wish for the destruction of mankind?” It was something everyone was curious about.
“It can’t be.”
Wu Lin smiled.
“What we are doing now is a world war in which all races compete for supremacy. Aren’t strategic alliances fundamental?”
“Do you think that sophistry will work? It is a place where top leaders from all over the world gather. Who the hell would attend where Satan is?”
“That’s why I’m introducing you like this.”
After Urin finished speaking, Harvits, who had burned the asker to the butt, got off the horse.
“Keugh!”
Just because he moved, Tormia and Corona’s guards fluttered.
‘Vanishing is dangerous.’
It doesn’t just disappear.
There is no way to prevent something from happening outside of everyone’s awareness.
‘There is Harvitz. There is Havitz.’ Even though they knew it was useless, the guards continued to engrave Havitz’s existence into their brains.
“Well, what a spherical face. With the Queen of Kashan.” Harvits said.
“A history search is also necessary. But that woman made a wonderful offer.”
The concentration of the guards reached its peak.
‘There is Harvitz. There is Havitz.’
“Looking back, I thought I might have something to say at the temple. Anyhow, so… …
The moment Harvits turns around.
‘There is Harvitz. Harvits… … huh?’ Everyone in the procession, including the guards, blinked their eyes blankly.
‘Habits? What is it?’
While everyone forgot about Satan, only a few, including Sirone, had a serious expression on their faces.
“I will make a suggestion.”
With the smell of askers wafting in, Harbitz, riding on Uorin’s horse, spoke again.
‘damn. You missed it!’
A few people who realized it belatedly got goosebumps.
“I will not wear vanishing while attending a temple meeting. Then would you join me too?”
said Pony.
“Do you think we will accept the offer? Even if you accept, how do you verify that you are keeping your promise?”
Wu Lin said.
“How about risking my life?”
The moment her words fell, Tormia and Corona’s leaders were in an uproar.
The dragon’s albino instructed.
“Find out if you have a daughter.”
“yes.”
If Mitochondrial Eve secretly gave birth to a daughter, the life of the queen would be meaningless.
While the think tank was busy moving, Wu Lin smiled shyly.
“Do not worry. I am a virgin.”
“Khom. home.”
The old officials coughed.
“In other words, there is no other mitochondrial Eve. If I die, the queen will die too. If you want verification, we will go through the official process and respond to the investigation.”
Gando’s expression darkened, and Kido, who was guarding his side, showed his sharp teeth.
‘Sheesh! Do I have to go this far?’ Even if it was an unavoidable choice, I didn’t like holding hands with Havitz.
‘He’s the one who brought you to his knees. You are the queen, the noblest among humans… …
At least in Kido’s eyes.
‘Is that guy that good?’ Sensing their gaze, Sirone turned her head and saw the goblin standing in the center of the guard.
‘Kiddo.’
A precious friend who overcame hardships together.
‘You’re doing well.’
When Sirone greeted him with a smile, Kido put the spear on his shoulder and smiled.
‘He has become very dignified.’
I heard the story of Yahweh until my ears were worn out.
‘But I’m also successful.’
When Kido shrugged, pointing to the guards captain’s badge, Sirone opened his mouth wide.
‘haha.’
And again… … Their gazes diverged.
‘I hope it goes well.’
Although they are walking different paths according to their beliefs, they will still be friends.
I wanted to believe that.
“Anyway, the decision will be made after the 12 countries gather.”
Wu Lin continued.
“For now, that’s all I’m suggesting. Responsible for and controls Mr. Harvits’ actions. If I break this rule, I swear I will die
is.”
said Woodley.
“I’m not disparaging Kashan, but isn’t it self-consciousness to claim that your life is worth more than the lives of the leaders of 11 countries?”
“Then what shall we do? Will 11 countries except Kashan boycott the temple?” The temple is the best work.
“I don’t think anyone wants to be scattered again and fight bloody battles. In that sense, I think there is some justification for Mr. Havitz, the head of the demon tribe, to attend the holy war. If you can’t accept… …
Uorin sighed coldly.
“I will release Mr. Harvits. freely.”
“… … Am I a beast?”
As Harbitz muttered, Shirone’s eyes calmed down.
‘This is the biggest problem.’
He’s not someone you can control from the start.
‘Even if it’s not Kashan, Havits can come to the temple. Leaders of each country must have already run simulations, and they must have come up with their own countermeasures.’
Just like Sirone trained the Wizard.
‘Thus, the reason why I feel bad is that Kashan preoccupied the demons, not Habits. It’s displeased that someone else broke the taboo that she couldn’t do because of her face.’
The balance of power is leaning toward Kashan.
“As for the matter… … Woodlai opened his mouth heavily.
“I think it would be appropriate to gather the opinions of 11 countries. We make a formal objection in the temple.”
When Corona, the strong of tradition, took a step back, Wu-Lin bowed her head refreshingly.
“Thank you for your consideration. then… …
Kashan’s procession turned their horses’ heads, and as if they had promised, Tormia and Korona retreated.
“Kashan Empire! Introspection!”
Hearing the shout of the general guarding the door, the albino laughed heartily.
“Chuck! I ate a room from the start. As expected, the queen doesn’t take it lightly.”
On the other hand, Rai’s expression was not good.
“This is no laughing matter. The ability Havitz used earlier is on a different level from what I heard.”
Just the feeling of discomfort showed how sensitive Rai’s senses were.
“The risk of assassinating the king is a realistic figure. I will set the alert level to the highest.”
“Calm down. The royal guard is the power and face of the king. It’s not cool if you make too much fuss.”
“It’s better than having your eyes open and your throat cut. Other countries will be no different from us.”
“Hmm.”
The albino twisted his beard.
“Maybe that’s Tormia’s strength.”
“yes?”
“It’s just like that.”
The albino’s expression cooled down in the next moment after passing through Rai’s question.
‘Pony can die.’
Unlike other countries, Tormia does not have a high degree of dependence on the king.
‘It’s clever, but it has no political credibility. Even if Pony were killed by Havitz, Tormia would not be shaken easily. on the other side… …
Other countries are different.
Especially in the Kashan Empire, it was no exaggeration to say that Uorin was all of the power.
‘It’s just difficult to break through, once it’s pierced, it’s a castle that collapses out of control. That’s Kashan.’
The albino’s lips twitched.
‘She’s a virgin.’
I never thought the word biological purity would come out of Mitochondrial Eve’s mouth.
‘Keuk, the Empress of Kashan is also quite desperate.’
The pair of eyes that had been taken out of Iruki glared fiercely at Uorin.
‘Yes, where should I stab you?’
Kashan’s procession all escaped, and Tormia and Corona confronted each other on the left and right.
Sirone said.
“We yield.”
Rufist also agreed with that.
‘Corona has a deep connection with sirone. There’s nothing good for her now that she’s pretending.’
Pony, who knew her role, spoke.
“The Ivory Tower fought against the crisis of mankind. I think Corona Kingdom’s participation is also a great decision. Tor Mia respects that will and yields the way.”
Woodlai responded.
“As expected, you are a good soldier. Even refusing here is half the consideration of the Pony King, so I will go first despite the shame.”
Since I got the action, even if I gave it back with words, there was a feeling that it was excessive praise.
It was to be conscious of Sirone.
‘There’s nothing good about being seen as hostile to Oh Dae-seong. Ivory Tower faction fights are not unusual.’
Many stars agreed with Singh’s proposal for a new world, but Yahweh’s influence was still strong.
As if to prove that fact, the stars who participated in the holy war could not hide their awkwardness.
On the way to the castle gate, Lampa’s satellite gun saw Sirone and lowered his head.
“Oh, Daesung Oh. Hello… …
Lampa dried.
“Don’t be rash. We participated as Corona’s think tank. Please refrain from personal interactions.”
reckless behavior?
“How are you? Oh Dae-seong and I met eyes.” Lampa also knew.
‘The stars of the ivory tower are transnational beings. If a gun tooth respects someone, it can’t be stopped.’
But this time was an exception.
‘We declared neutrality and left the ivory tower. If you show special feelings to Yahweh here, there is a risk that even the Ivory Tower will turn into a political arena.’
Lampa apologized heartily.
‘I’m sorry, Oh Dae-sung. I hope you will rebuke this old man in the future.’
Of course, Sirone understood their situation, and was calm even after seeing Chong avoiding his gaze.
‘Mr. Lampa. the gun. Tsuoi. Musso. 10 magicians. All belong to the system inspection department.’
Stars and satellites from other departments were not visible.
‘The head of the system inspection department is Mr. Lampa, who is a 3-star. It must have been difficult to endure in the conflict between the Five Stars. Even so, choosing neutral means… …
It was a subtle nuance.
‘thank you.’
Even if it was the same neutrality, it would have been Singh who suffered the blow from the System Inspection Department’s departure.
‘With Mr. Lampa’s courage, the balance has been adjusted. But if you think of it the other way around, the power struggle inside the ivory tower is so tense. I guess I should go… …
Seeing a familiar face in Corona’s procession, Sirone got out of her mind.
‘Mr. Armin.’
Armin of Gwangan was on his way with Keira.
‘okay. There are not only stars in the ivory tower. The ability of the residents is also top-notch.’
32% of the 100 most dangerous people in the world belonged to the Ivory Tower.
‘It’s Gudio.’
People who play card games, as well as experts who know just by hearing the name, continued endlessly.
‘Intelligence.’
land of intellect.
“Corona Kingdom! Introspection!”

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-1100.txt
=============YYYYY=============
Beginning of Ruin (2)
In the inner sanctuary of the Jive Kingdom, Uorin was locked in thought with her mouth firmly shut.
“Whee-hee.”
Harvits, leaning on her back, whistled and emitted asker smoke.
“I can hear your heart.”
It was Mayray’s ability, God’s frequency.
“Your voice when you see Sirone. Wouldn’t that be more like pain?”
Woorin opened her mouth.
“If you had asked me to give way, I would have done it.”
“Are you delusional too?”
In the midst of silence again, Harvits continued.
“The reason I didn’t kill you in the first place is because you said you loved someone. I was curious. Because I couldn’t hear the sound of my heart back then. But now that I hear it, you seem to have a love similar to mine.”
“Have you ever been in love?”
“well. If that’s what you’re doing now, do it every day. no, maybe every second
Will it?” “People say that when there is a certain word, it is mistaken as if it actually exists. Like love, success or failure, happiness or unhappiness. I don’t know what I was doing when I didn’t have that word.”
Drunk with drugs, his eyes were open, but his emotions were much calmer than usual.
“Erase all the words in your head. Still, the heart is beating, and the body wants something. Whatever you want, you will eventually achieve it. If not defined.”
“Is that vanishing?”
“Does it again.”
Havitz threw a butt at the Jive official who was watching him with a look of astonishment.
“It gets complicated because you try to confine it to words. Because if you share your thoughts, you can’t feel the whole. It doesn’t have to be love. Isn’t the important thing what that feeling is?”
Uorin was bitter.
‘To be comforted by Satan. Well, it might mean that I’ve fallen that much.’
What does it matter?
Desperate desire is always near, and God is far from humans.
“… … can it be achieved If I don’t define my feelings for Sirone, will I ever get to that feeling, something I want?”
“then.”
There was no desire that Harvitz could not fulfill.
“Of course you can.”
His face was as innocent as a child as he smiled at the sky.
“What a nice day.”
today…….
May everyone in this world win what they want.
‘Without a single exception.’ Sirone, Iruki, and Nade are troubled at the fountain in the square overlooking the Vatican.
said Nade.
“How about sneaking in? Once Sirone’s true identity is revealed, the paladin will move. As you would have known then, she hates being entangled with them.”
Iruki rested his chin.
“Hmm. But is that the case even within the Holy See? As far as I know, Lamieism is not a particularly warlike doctrine. I don’t know what it’s like outside, but at least it’s a religion that protects face externally.”
Sirone said.
“It is different in each case. The attitude of Lamieism toward other religions is divided into two. pseudo and heresy. If you believe in a god other than Crea, you are a pseudo-ji who stands in the position of Lamie. And I tend to neglect it. On the other hand, I…”
It’s not pseudo.
“It will not be dismissed as heresy. In other words, a religion that calls itself a god. In this case, Lamigyo has always aggressively suppressed. It will be no different this time.”
“But you never said you were a god, and above all you didn’t establish a religion.”
Iruki said.
“It seems that reputation is an issue. Because many people already regard Sirone as the Messiah. It’s enough to dismiss belief in other gods as fake. However, if humans who exist in reality are worshiped as gods… …
Finally, Nade’s expression became serious.
“It’s fatal to Lamie. Because it directly refutes the doctrine of monotheism.”
Iruki agreed.
“That’s why the Paladins were particularly hostile to Sirone. It would be dangerous to approach it with the idea that religions are only different.”
Surely it will.
“but! Isn’t that how you say it openly? We can’t fight here.”
Iruki raised his index finger.
“How about using a pseudonym? Although there is a prerequisite that you must be someone who will attract the attention of the pope.”
“Breaking through the front.”
Sirone made a decision.
“If you come up with a plan, meeting Pope Constantine won’t be difficult. But I can’t stand my point that way. Besides, the pope is leaving for the temple soon. There is something I want to check before that.”
Nade jumped up from his seat.
“Good. So let’s ask for a formal interview. If the paladin attacks, I will become the villain.”
Inside the Vatican, they found the central office of the Diocese and the Holy Knights.
“excuse me.”
The priest greeted him with a smile.
“Come, come, servant of God Kria. What brought you to the castle?”
said Nade.
“I came to see Pope Constantine. I really want to see you before you go to the temple.”
“yes?”
The priest, who blinked for a moment, checked the ages of Sirone and the others and scratched his head.
‘Well, at that age.’
Among the believers of Lamie, energetic young men crossed the continent to meet the pope.
“Sorry, but the Pope is a very busy man. You have to go through a separate process for an interview. There is a department in the parish management office… …
“I am Sirone.” The priest did not understand at first.
“I want to talk to Pope Constantine. Please tell them that Yahweh has requested an interview.”
The priest’s face turned white.
“Hey, Yahweh?”
At the same time, all the priests in the integrated office stood up and looked at Sirone.
“what? Yahweh?”
Of course he’s not evil.
They weren’t murderers or terrorists, but some of the priests’ eyes weren’t pretty.
The head priest of the integrated office approached.
“Hmm.”
He bit his lip as he contrasted the rumored impression with Sirone’s face.
‘It seems to be true.’
If you don’t have two lives, isn’t there no way the Vatican would tell such a lie?
“If you really are Yahweh, you would know what this place is like. Is it a declaration of war?”
“I have no intention of fighting. There’s no reason for that. However, I have something to say to the Pope.”
Do you flatter the pope?
‘Such arrogance is unmatched… … !’
There was anger in the eyes of the High Priestess, but even Sirone did not back down this time.
‘Constantine.’
I think you are a good person.
No, do humans exist in the world who can distinguish good people from bad people?
‘Even if there is.’
Can we really call it human?
‘At that time, it is already a concept that transcends human beings. Just as Mr. Miro is polar, and Harbitz is atrocious.’
Of course, Sirone was included.
“It won’t take long. Let me meet you. After all, I go to the temple, and I can meet the Pope there too. The reason I came here now is because the Holy See has an agenda to deal with.”
“Khom.”
The information about the Holy See could not be refuted because the Holy See knew more about it.
“I will tell you once. But if the pope refuses, then we can do nothing.”
“yes. please.”
After hearing the high priest’s instructions, the two priests ran into the corridor and split left and right.
‘2 people.’
Diocesan Administration and Holy Knight Office.
‘There’s no way I’ll send you well. The Pope will meet me anyway. He must make a compromise with me if he wants to maintain his authority in the temple.’
The problem was:
‘How will the pope answer my question? If it’s a human answer, I’ll admit it. But if… …
If the answer is to deny humanity.
‘I have no choice but to see the blood.’
Holy Knight Office.
Seina, a high-ranking paladin belonging to the Trust Management Department, stood in front of a mirror wearing ivory armor.
‘Oh God.’
Her golden bobbed hair and neat face were beautiful enough to believe that they were created by a god.
‘Please punish me.’
However, as a paladin, her body was just a shell that contained her faith.
‘Erase the doubts in me, Lord.’
Divinity has weakened.
‘Why are you doing this? Nothing in particular has changed. Why do I live my life, everything I have achieved… …
did you get suspicious?
The first time I felt a change was when I returned to the Vatican after meeting Yahweh.
‘I said Sirone.’
When she succumbed to the temptation of Shiok, Yahweh ran to her and baptized her.
‘I was determined to be martyred. I wasn’t afraid of death But why… …
did you shed a tear?
The moment Syrone’s hand struck him on the forehead, all the terrible evil escaped.
‘perhaps… …
What if it wasn’t just the demons that escaped?
“no!”
Seina groaned.
“There is no way my heart was shaken by him. Yes, this is the price you pay for surrendering to Si-ok.”
It was easier on my mind to be a loser who suffered from evil than to become a renegade of the faith.
“but… …
As she recalled the brilliance of the light that had flooded her eyes at the time, she was dazed again.
“Seina-san, are you inside?”
“ah! yes!”
Seina, equipped with a holy sword, hurriedly turned around at the sound she heard from outside the door.
When I opened the door, a handsome man in his early 30s with a short beard was smiling.
“Mr. Leon.”
It was a senior paladin in the same department.
“Seina-san and I won the patrol team this week. Was it too fast? We still have five minutes left.”
Five minutes from the room was a bit late for roll call.
“Oh, no. sorry.”
Seina’s sociability wasn’t that bad, but Leon was always awkward.
The reason is probably… … .
“How long has it been since you belonged to Seina-san and the patrol team? It seems that Kria God answered my prayers?”
Probably because it is light.
‘I’m not a bad person. but… … Leon subtly emphasizing the relationship between men and women
His words were very annoying to Seina.
‘A paladin is forbidden to marry. Our bodies and souls have already been dedicated to God.’
Leon changed the topic as if he was not aware of it.
“After Seina-san’s report came in, they said that the Paladin training program would be revived. The complaints of the subordinates are not the only ones, haha. It was really brutal in our time.”
‘It was.’
Since childhood, when she decided to become a servant of God, Seina went through rigorous training.
It was also clearly her pride.
‘But why?’
After being baptized by Yahweh, such a series of processes felt repulsive.
‘Yes, this doubt makes me weak. Calm down, Seina. You are a paladin.’
Leon’s expression was ecstatic as he gazed at Seina’s thoughtful face.
‘What a wonderful person.’
Paladins are forbidden from marrying, but the doctrine is not enforced even on lay people.
‘If I give up the Paladin position, Mr. Seina… …
Just as I was fantasizing about it, a priest came running from across the hallway.
“Temi? What happen?”
“Ah, Seina-sama! Leon!”
The priest, who had been kneeling down and breathing heavily, raised his head and shouted.
“It’s a big deal! Now at the Vatican… … So, in this holy Vatican… … !”
Leon grabbed his shoulder.
“Speak calmly. What happen?”
“Yahweh has come! It also proudly entered the front door! I will see the Pope!”
Leon furrowed his brow at the words that seemed unrealistic.
“What the hell is this?”
At that moment, he turned his head at the sound of heavy breathing behind him, and his eyes widened.
“Miss Seina?”
Her face was as red as a persimmon.
“Yahweh… …
Unable to control her heart beating fast, she asked with a blank expression.
“You came here?”
Waves of light shimmered in front of my eyes like afterimages.

=============ZZZZZ=============
