=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-883.txt
=============YYYYY=============
memory (2)
Miro couldn’t believe it.
‘Really kill me?’
However, Gaold’s eyes looking down on her were more intense than any villain she had ever experienced.
‘Is that a lie?’
He believed that even if everyone in the world abandoned him, he would not abandon Gaold.
Even though I couldn’t accept his love, how much comfort was that fact… … .
“It is a lie!”
It was only felt clearly when Gaold cut the woman named Miro out of his heart.
“Die!”
The moment I applied the air press while clutching my neck, Miro could no longer remain still.
“Keugh!”
The incarnation of Thousand Arms Guanshiyin struck Gaold at an invisible speed.
Gauld’s body, shaking at a speed close to shaking, flew to the left and rolled on the floor.
Miro gritted his teeth and stood up.
‘I blocked it.’
I felt a strong barrier through my mind that I did not think I had hit anyone.
“Miro… …
Have you come to your senses?
Gaold’s eyes, which raised his head with his limbs attached to the ground, flashed a kind light for a moment.
“Will you come??????
Before he could finish his words, his face contorted again and he began to charge at breakneck speed.
“We have to stop!”
Gangnan shouted at Zulu.
“Block?”
It was the scene of a fight between those who reached the breaking point with a human body and the poles of the times.
“How?”
The moment Kang Nan turned her head after realizing the reality, a huge light burst in her field of vision.
Woooooooooooooooooooooooooh!
Another crater formed within the crater, and the shadows of the two moved like ink.
bang! bang! bang! bang!
Pressure was applied to Gaold’s body, where the palms of several tens of meters were stamped.
However, his Bakum Press was also one of the strongest defense magics in the world.
“Aaaaaaa!”
If it is built according to the size of the anger, the radius will explode, but Gangnan and Zulu will also die.
In other words, it was the reason they still watched the battle without leaving their seats.
“you idiot!”
Miro, whose emotions never waver under any circumstances, shouted with all his heart.
“Calm down!”
Because it’s Gaold.
A roar of the ground splitting was heard, and Gauld bent down at the place where the capital of the Thousand Hands Guanshiyin had struck.
The Bakum press was still intact, but it was confirmed by the reaction that the blow had been entered.
His hair was discolored, and the cursed nerves sent unimaginable pain through his body.
Seeing that, Miro’s heart weakened again, but now he roughly grasped the situation.
“Do it in moderation. Do you know that I really like it because I say it’s good? Do you think you can do this to me?”
“It’s because of you… … . If it wasn’t for you… …
He would never have had to suffer like this.
“Who pushed me to like me? It’s you after all! Because you liked it the way you like it… … !”
The Thousand Arms Guanyin’s long shot, driven by Miro’s rage, struck Gaud like a shower.
“therefore!”
The strongest blow was inflicted.
“You just have to like it!”
Woo woo woo woo!
A total of over 100 million hits collapsed the ground with a force close to that of a natural disaster.
“That crazy woman!” Her strong wind tried to run, but her sudden tremendous gale pushed her away.
“Kuaaa!”
Gaold, who was shedding bloody tears, screamed in pain, and Miro ran through the wind.
“Something like you, I didn’t need it from the beginning.”
When the index and middle fingers were brought together, the Thousand Hands Guanyin floating in the sky made the same hand seal.
I was thinking of piercing Gaold’s throat.
“Are you fighting for me?”
I had a sudden thought.
‘Why am I angry? Isn’t that a good thing?’
Gaold’s abortion is important to Miro, and if it doesn’t even tickle courtship, it’s a perfect opportunity.
‘It’s better than a weakling.’
Knowing that fact, Gaold must have chosen the current result without any regrets.
“it’s annoying.”
I couldn’t contain my anger.
“Just die!”
Gangnan shouted.
“no!”
The middle and index fingers gathered together rushed into Gaold’s neck like a single sword.
However, in the end, it could not be penetrated and stopped standing tall, and the incarnation of Thousand Arms Guanshi Yin stopped.
Aaaaaaaaaaaaaa!
The roar created by the suspension of the accident gave the illusion that the sky was splitting.
“Bad child… …
Miro, who gently grabbed Gauld’s neck, lowered her head and shook her shoulders.
“what’s this.”
Tears flowed from her eyes as she looked at Gaold again.
“You said you would protect it for the rest of your life.”
The reason Miro didn’t become a Buddha.
At most, it would be just a tiny crack in her heart that Gaold had etched… … .
“You say you love me.”
Miro felt empty as if his heart had been pierced.
Zulu said.
“I must have relied on it without realizing it. You must have thought Gaold was there even while fighting the world and pushing through the good.”
Gaold’s body trembled.
“Aaaaaaa!”
The moment I felt the runaway Spirit Zone, Miro’s heart sank. … .
“Gagging!”
In the end, he spewed out a bowlful of blood, rolled his eyes, and collapsed.
“Gaold!”
While Gangnan ran to check on the situation, Miro was staring at Gaold in a state of fascination.
It was night, and bonfires were made on the beach.
As the unconscious Gaold collapsed, the three looked at the flames in silence.
“I was lucky.”
Zulu said.
“I was quite tired from fighting the demons. If Gaold was normal, Miro, you would be dead.”
It was a battle, no doubt.
Miro, who was reviewing the situation in which he was struggling to the death, raised his head with a frown.
“I understand that it is to maintain the apostasy. But how are you so blind? Self-hypnosis or something like that?”
I hoped so.
“no. Gaold didn’t do anything to himself. Like I said before, just… …
Zulu looked back at the sleeping Gaold.
“It’s because I don’t love you. There is a difference between love and love. Rather, Gaold who kept his heart for you even while going through that pain is amazing.”
Gangnan said.
“I tried to stop it too, but to no avail. How can you stop people’s hearts? There’s nothing good about you being here anyway. stop leaving.”
“Leave?”
If Gaold could fight further with the power of hatred, it was better to follow Gangnan’s words.
‘Autumn is… … He doesn’t love me.’
While I was deep in thought in my complicated heart, I heard Gaold’s voice.
“It’s a maze.”
I turned my head to see Gaold looking up at the sky with a calm expression.
With its wide wings spread, Sirone quickly covered the vast plains of the southern continent.
‘There it is.’
A desert-colored city stood over the meadow where wild animals roamed freely.
After casting space movement and leaving Tormia, Sirone found the southern continental kingdom, Kessia.
It has the advantage of being able to use the space movement terminal because the demons have not reached it yet, but more than that, it was because of Nade’s words I heard before leaving.
“You said you were invested in Fermi?”
The night before, in front of the pub bathroom, Nade dragged Sirone out and reported the situation.
“uh. But there was a condition. He asked me to meet you and told me about Kessia’s weapon shop.”
Nade added hastily.
“Of course I declined. No matter how important an investment is, you don’t sell out your friends. however… …
“however?”
“They said it was fine. I said there were no conditions, and I said to make a contract. There was no request to tell you this.”
Sirone rested her chin.
“Hmm, it’s definitely like Fermi.”
“okay. You probably know that I’m going to tell you this in the end. In any case, there is nothing to lose in sharing information.”
It seemed that the skill of digging into the human psyche and selling it was still the same as in the past and now.
“okay. I’ll take a look.”
“uh? really?”
“You have to use the terminal to get to the Ivory Tower anyway. Stop by once on the way. I wonder why you are looking for me.”
Arriving at the capital of Kessia, Sirone looked around at a different scenery than expected.
‘what’s this… …
The demons hadn’t come in yet, but it was so lawless that there was no need to enter.
“Puhahaha! die! die!”
Bandits riding in wagons were pouring arrows at the villagers indiscriminately.
It was clear that his eyes were not normal, that he was out of his mind or drunk.
“Help me!”
Most residents evacuated their homes, but the barefoot girl had nowhere to hide.
“I got one!”
Sirone caught the arrow flying towards the crouching girl’s back with her hand.
“what? Hehe, did I see something wrong?” Even in the face of an obvious magic phenomenon, the enemies who bought it thought it was just a drug hallucination.
“What are you doing right now?”
“Wow! Prey, prey.”
As they drool and aimed their arrows again, Sirone fired a photon cannon.
The carriage exploded with a bang and the body rolled on the floor, but the bandits did not even show their anger.
“The world turns, turns.”
Ignoring Sirone, she looked at the girl.
“Are you okay? What happened to the city?”
“I-I didn’t do anything wrong.” While watching her trembling back, Sirone checked the injection mark left on the girl’s arm.
“Could you… …
“I will tell you.”
When I turned my head to the voice I heard from behind, a man in a neat suit was standing there.
He politely bowed and greeted.
“You are Arian Sirone. I was waiting. I will guide you from now on.”
Since the first impression of the city was not good, Sirone followed without even saying hello.
‘This is nonsense.’
The reality of the city he observed while following him was far more devastating than expected.
Everyone was drunk, and vandalism was common.
“Did you take over the whole city? With drugs?”
“I just gave you what you wanted. The fear of war and the pain of poverty all come from the brain. If it can give you pleasure, there’s nothing wrong with it, right?”
“no. I cannot forgive you.”
“I guess so. They said it would. You’d better talk to Fermi directly.”
The place where the man stopped walking was a huge building with the symbol of a golden ring on the steeple.
The inside was clean, as if from another world, and not a single person was seen who was addicted to drugs.
‘What the hell are you thinking?’ Even in his school days, Fermi’s thinking was always unpredictable.
When I reached the 17th floor by elevator, there was a hallway covered with red carpets.
When I opened the door at the end of the hallway and entered, it was a huge office decorated with glass windows.
I visited the royal castle as the Five Great Castles of the Ivory Tower, but it was not more splendid than here.
“Here you are, Sirone.”
Even when the man sitting on the sofa with his legs crossed spoke, Sirone did not recognize him.
“Fermi?”
With colorfully dyed hair and a shaggy beard, he was a drug lord.
“sit down. You look good. There’s no need to say hello between us. Oh, tell them to make some tea.”
“yes.”
As the man closed the door and left, Sirone strode toward Fermi.
“Why did you ask to see me?”
“I don’t think you were that impatient. Why, do you not like this city?”
“Answer any questions I ask.”
Fermi smiled politely and flipped a chip made in an illegal way with his thumb.
“Let’s make a deal, Sirone.”

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-884.txt
=============YYYYY=============
memory (3)
“transaction?”
Sirone’s gaze followed the chip Fermi threw.
Transactions in depreciation.
At the time, he was bound by Valhalla Action’s debt, but he had heard of Fermi’s abilities.
“What deal?”
Fermi got up from his chair and stood in front of the glass window looking down at the city.
“The car has been served.” The secretary came in, put the teacup down on the table, and left the office without a sound.
“You know I’m selling drugs. The central continent was trampled by demons, but all 7 kingdoms in the southern continent are in my hands. Even royalty wear my medicine in their mouths.”
“You call that bragging? None of my classmates are as broken as you.”
Fermi raised an eyebrow.
“Did the funeral go well?” “Fishaw’s will. I’m not going to tell you anyway. But it doesn’t matter. I can roughly guess what it is about.” Sirone didn’t believe it.
“What is it about?”
“Biological Program Argones. It must have been something about a singularity that would soon overtake this world.”
Fermi smiled and turned around.
“It’s sad to think that I’m just a drug addict. I am fighting for the world in my own way.”
“Undercode.”
Fermi lifted the vial from the desk.
“Dream Star. Have you ever heard of it? Information discarded in reality accumulates in The Abyss.”
“What do you mean by that?”
Fermi took a sip of the teacup and threw it at the window.
Debris splattered with a clanking sound.
“What do you think?”
Sirone watched silently.
“The moment I threw the teacup, the future was already decided. How many fragments and what type of fragments will it be split into? Then what about me?”
Fermi pointed to himself.
“Is it my will to take a sip of tea, or is it the action of matter? If you had turned back time, would I not have had tea?” If humans are free from the flow of time, each time vibration should produce a different result.
“Everything has already been decided. My future and your future. The world of The Abyss is not just waste. It is valuable information that has passed through all the filters of the future.”
“I see what you mean.”
According to Fermi’s method, the future of this world could be predicted to some extent.
“Sooner or later, the world may end. But what does that have to do with you selling drugs?”
“Hmm. Do you know how much I make?”
“I don’t know.”
“It’s astronomical. I can’t imagine. And that money serves as the basis for my regular eating out.”
After flipping another chip into the air, Fermi snatched it up and smiled.
“Wouldn’t it be nice to have an insurance policy?”
Sirone understood.
“Are you going to buy my magic?”
“The magic value in the transaction of depreciation is based on the rationality I have set. Yahweh’s magic. You can’t even sell the kingdom to borrow it for a while. It is too expensive.”
Fermi continued.
“But I collected them.”
It was enough to build several kingdoms.
“Of course, within the rules of eating out. You can only buy magic with money earned through trading.”
If Fermi’s words are true, two people can use Yahweh’s magic.
“Why don’t you leave it to me? You seem to be struggling quite a bit. I will save the world on your behalf.”
You can hand over all your baggage to Fermi.
The countless pains she had to endure alone so far passed through Sirone’s head.
‘ Fermi… …
I hate to admit it, but I am a strong person.
The completeness of eating out, as well as judgment, thinking, knowledge, and psychological warfare, were all close to perfect.
‘I have no intention of becoming a hero.’ It didn’t matter if Fermi could defeat Nane or save the world.
“refuse.”
At Sirone’s words, Fermi smiled.
“Well, it would be a shame to hand over a position like the Five Stars of the Ivory Tower.”
“It’s not that kind of problem. Even if you’re stronger than me, it’s the money you saved by putting countless people in pain. I cannot sell you the power of Yahweh.”
As always, Fermi wasn’t thrilled.
Whenever he saw that calm face, Shirone felt like he was caught in a snare, but he had no choice but to come to his senses.
“Then how about this?”
Fermi put his mouth to Syrone’s ear.
Sirone’s pupils widened as he listened to his whispering voice.
Gaold, standing alone on the sandy beach, watched the sun rise over the horizon.
Although he did not attack the maze after he regained consciousness, his cold attitude did not change.
Miro solved his complicated feelings with irritation.
“why? Let’s stick together one more time.”
Gangnan said.
“Gaold is not that stupid. I lost my temper when I saw you in a state of excitement, but… … For if it’s only a fraction of a second that love turns to hate, then vice versa.
‘There is still a labyrinth in his head.’
That fact made Gangnan unbearably sad.
“It’s a maze.”
Miro, hearing Gaold’s voice, approached him grumbling all the way.
“Did you call?”
Gaold caught the maze in his eyes.
A burning desire welled up in his heart, but the emotion soon turned to anger.
‘ sick.’
To Gaold, the labyrinth was pain itself.
Miro said.
“Your eyes are cruel. do you hate me that much? Then why don’t you give me a slap on the cheek instead?”
“It will work to some extent.” It was better for her to live her resentment on her than to have her get out of her head forever.
Miro looked back at the sea and said.
“Remember what we said in Zion? I told you to come back whenever you feel like you can’t take it anymore.”
“It did.”
“Can’t you come back now? Because you don’t have to fight anymore, because I’ll be by your side… …
“I’m weak and fall for it.”
Miro made an impression.
“Yes, fool! It’s all because of you! Why did you intervene in my life, I’m Lee! Honestly, I don’t like you!”
Gaold turned coldly.
“Leave. this is your last chance The next time I see you, I will not forgive you.”
Looking at Gaold’s back as he returned to Gangnan, Miro put on an absurd expression.
“you… …
Is it really the Gaold you know?
Gangnan asked.
“are you okay?”
I couldn’t dare to guess Gaold’s heart to fight to the point of hating the woman he loved.
“Let’s just leave. go to the middle continent Everything will be settled there.”
The three of them moved on, and Miro, who was left alone on the sandy beach, grinded his teeth.
“Ok, fine! That’s it for now. It was dirty to meet you, let’s not see each other again! okay?”
Gaold didn’t even respond.
“I will go back.”
If I had more of my heart here, I might lose even the will of the utmost goodness.
“I will be back!”
The only crack engraved in the spirit of the polar line made Miro’s chest throb.
‘You came to rescue me.’
It would not be an exaggeration to say that he had lived his entire life for Maze since they met at magic school.
“I’m really going crazy!”
Miro, who had made a decision, moved on vigorously and caught up with Gaold in an instant.
“Go with me! I’m going too!” Seven days after Fisho’s funeral, the demons finally took control of the capital of Kazura.
Most of the royal family was slaughtered, and the people were incorporated into the army of hell through ideological education.
“Since the psychic realm is closed, we should use humans.”
The number of demons still exceeded 200 million, but it was not their only war anymore.
“One month ahead. If Tormia is captured within it, the war will end. It is useless after that.”
Vulcan’s plan was to eliminate all humans on the planet after winning the war.
“Why?”
Because it was Harvitz’s will, the person Sumodo asked was also Harvitz, not Vulcan.
“Elimination of all humans?”
“okay. Kill them all, and we’ll die too. It’s good so far, but what is the reason?”
“Because I’m curious.”
Havitz said, stroking his mustache.
“That’s all. The first murderer must have thought this. what if i kill it? So you try to kill it. If it wasn’t so good, I wouldn’t do it again, but it’s good that I did. You can take that person’s things, and you don’t have to be annoyed by the side. That’s why a lot of people do it.”
“So there was chaos before evil. So, curiosity about the possibilities.”
Harvits nodded.
“It is the same with this war. You wonder what would happen if you killed them all? Let’s do it.”
“Maybe nothing will happen.”
Havitz’s smile was convex.
“That is fun too. Because it proves that humans are meaningless. But if it’s something special… …
Harvitz’s gaze turned to the night sky.
“What wouldn’t happen though? God has come down and you have won, would you like to say the same?”
Sumodo said.
“I hope nothing happens. that’s my taste It’s thrilling.”
“That’s when you go and decide… …
When Habitz performed incarnation, the brains of Vulcan and Sumodo stopped recognizing him.
“Tonight we’re raiding enemy lines. tell me tasha and to zeta
n……w
Harvits said.
“I’ll go for a walk.”
Vulcan and Sumodo turned their heads at the appearance of Habitz ten steps away.
‘Vanishing.’
What was truly terrifying was not that I hadn’t seen Havitz, but that he had disappeared from my head.
‘Havitz is free.’
It’s atrocious because it can do anything.
“O uh”
—-The ?
The scenery of enemy camps was captured in Natasha’s pupils, whose eyelids were neatly cut off.
His gaze was fixed, an interesting smile appeared on his lips, and he was holding his wrists with his knees bent.
‘ It’s awesome.’
It was an aura that could be felt because she was the best in the world in battle.
“What are you doing? In a strange position.”
Zetaro yawned and approached.
“excuse me.”
Natasha pointed at the enemy camp.
“There is something great. I don’t know who it is, but it feels like the world is being sucked in every time I breathe. I want to go quickly.”
“Is there anyone that strong?”
Because it was Natasha’s evaluation, not anyone else’s, even Zeta penetrated the darkness and inspected the enemy lines.
“I don’t know. Anyway, wait a bit. Because Vulcan said it was going to hit tonight. i sleep some more Oh right.”
Turning around, Zetaro suddenly realized and asked.
“Can you win?” Natasha didn’t answer.
Tess was standing guard at the Valkyrie barracks, one kilometer away from the demon army.
“It’s not unusual… …
Outwardly, there was nothing different from usual, but today, strangely, my heart was pounding.
‘Something always explodes on days like this.’
I heard Ryan’s voice.
“what? Are you still doing that?”
He came with freshly baked bread, cut it in half, and handed it to Tess.
“eat. There should be a late-night snack.”
“thank you.”
Tess raised the corners of her mouth, but it was awkward.
“Why are you like today? Restless from before. You definitely have a defensive posture.”
“I don’t know. I feel bad. It feels like someone is watching over there.”
Lian inspected the enemy lines.
“Hmm.”
the law knows
The fact that Rian and Natasha’s eyes collided head-on with a distance of 1 kilometer in between.

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-885.txt
=============YYYYY=============
memory (4)
“emergency! It’s an emergency!”
After midnight, a detached group of demons raided the right side of Valkyrie’s camp.
“hurry! Move quickly!”
Unlike before, when it had to cover the entire Central Continent, Valkyrie’s defensive radius has become considerably narrower.
Thanks to this, more troops were concentrated than before, but the war situation was still at a disadvantage.
“Sheesh! Because I knew it would be like this!”
Tess, who was already fully prepared, mounted her horse and led her men.
“Tess.”
Ryan followed along.
“Don’t die.”
In a situation where he couldn’t just fight for Tess, that was all Lian could say.
“Don’t worry, go. sweep it away.”
As soon as Tess finished speaking, Lian turned and left the cavalry.
“Whoa!”
As the muscle twisted, it turned into the body of a yaksa, and stone fragments gushed out whenever it hit the ground.
“It’s amazing.”
The cavalry soldier, who had been watching the dust pillars rise one after another, said.
“I bet your stride is over 20 meters?” It wasn’t just the wide stride, it was rolling its legs as fast as a horse.
“Because they say it was originally the ability of a giant.”
Tess looked at the army of demons filling the horizon and took out her sword.
“Lian hits first, then we go in. Get ready.”
“yes!”
By the time the cavalry increased speed, Lian was approaching right in front of the enemy.
‘It feels different.’
It was only a detached unit, but it was on a different level from the troops that had fought before.
‘They’re elite.’
What is Vulcan thinking?
‘It doesn’t matter.’
Thoughts are what the military does, and Valkyrie’s outstanding brain must have been watching this situation.
“Big!”
Lian’s nose twisted, and fearsome power went into both hands holding the sword.
If it was a normal sword, the grip would crush the iron.
However, <Idea> received all that power and delivered an explosive sensation to the owner’s hand.
“Yaaaaa!”
The shock wave of the high straight sword that fell in a huge trajectory ripped the demons like wool.
The moon was floating in the fan-shaped landscape.
“Huh!”
Lian, who took a step from the stance of the blow, drew the sword and swung it horizontally.
The world was split again, and the bodies of the demons in the place where the flash passed were separated.
At that point, Tess’ cavalry arrived.
“Go in! Destroy it from within!”
The cavalry, encouraged by Lian’s first attack, pushed out their spears, exuding terrifying energy.
“die! Dirty demons!”
Aaaaaaaang!
The moment dozens of horses flew into the air, the cavalry finally realized.
“This, this… … !”
It was just that Lian was too strong, and the level of strength was different from the demons he had fought so far.
‘I will be isolated at this rate.’
Most of the demons had already pushed Valkyrie’s troops over several tens of meters.
“Tess!”
As he cut down the demons one by one to open the road, he saw a cavalry squad surrounded by enemies.
“Let’s retreat for now! At this rate… … !” Sensing her murderous presence, Lian stopped her steps and turned her head to where her Tess was glaring.
“What do you dream of, insignificant thing?”
A gray demon with insect legs stood with its upper body erect like a praying mantis.
There were three thin, sharp arms on the left side, and a single unusually thick arm on the right side.
“It’s an officer. Everyone be careful.”
At Tess’s instruction, the cavalry prepared their battle lines.
“I am Yoon-goe.”
He was a brigade commander belonging to the 1st Corps, which was rated as the strongest in the army of hell.
“And I am a stone statue.”
The ground thumped, but the identity of the voice was hidden in the darkness.
After a while, a tall, elongated ear like a rock
Demons with oysters occupying half of the body appeared.
While examining humans with wide eyes, he laughed, tearing the corners of his mouth to the limit.
“I’ll eat you deliciously.”
At the same time, Yunkai moved as fast as the wind and infiltrated the camp of the cavalry.
“From you.”
A huge hand flew into Tess’ face.
“Where are you?”
Natasha’s eyes moved to the left.
“Aaaaaaa!” Dozens of soldiers standing as she passed fell with their necks broken.
“Where are you?”
Valkyrie’s company commander gave the order.
“catch! I mean surround and attack!”
But to be honest, he didn’t even know what an entity could defeat his allies.
“Impossible! Can you locate… … Gagging!”
Before the report was over, a hole appeared in the soldier’s chest as if something had gone through it.
“Damn it… … !”
What do you have to show to fight?
“Chief, company commander! Ahh!”
As if there were multiple enemies, soldiers were fighting in completely different places.
“retreat! Retreat!”
The sound of the wind was heard in the company commander’s ears.
“Keugh!”
The scenery turned upside down, and when I came to my senses, my body was floating upside down.
‘how… … ?’
First of all, what is certain is that this kind of thinking is possible because the enemy did not kill himself.
A woman’s voice was heard.
“where are you?”
Natasha’s arms stretched out to the side held the back of the company commander’s neck, which had been turned upside down.
As I loosened my hands, he fell head first and hurriedly turned over and raised his head.
“Keugh!”
A woman without eyelids was looking ahead.
‘It’s Natasha.’
As if not paying attention to the situation on the battlefield, she asked without averting her gaze.
“The strongest person here, right now
Do you have D?”
The company commander realized.
‘It’s a factor assassination.’
The location of Macha’s knight was a secret, regardless of the current unit’s highest strength or skill level.
“I don’t know. How do I know?”
Natasha turned around.
“Tell me and I will save you.”
Life was precious to everyone.
“Are you promising?”
“huh. It’s so wide that it’s hard to find.”
“good. I’ll tell you where the strongest man in this unit is. right here.”
The company commander pointed at himself.
“I am the strongest soldier! So let’s fight me! What an idiot you are! Fuhahahaha!”
“… … Don’t you want to live?”
“F*ck the bullshit! The subordinates who died to you are watching from Hell! Come on! Try killing me!”
Natasha looked around.
“Were they close friends?”
“Die!”
As the company commander charged forward with his sword raised, Natasha raised her eyebrows and said,
“Sorry.”
The moment the sword cut through the air, Natasha’s body blurred and disappeared in an instant.
“what’?”
It seemed to be faster than the speed of thought, and the company commander’s thought circuit was activated later.
‘Battle doll Natasha.’
I had heard the rumor that it was the strongest fighting weapon without blood or tears.
‘How much do we know about the enemy?’
Maybe that was the point.
Tess, who twisted her body just before being caught by Yoon-kai, took a step forward and stabbed three swords.
‘heart!’
The attack went in correctly, but Yun-kai’s face remained as it was with an evil smile.
“Cheuk, actually my heart… … !”
Before he could finish his words, Yoon-kai’s body shook and was split in two up to his waist.
Lian stood between the gaping bodies.
“What about your heart?”
“Aagh!”
When I turned around at the sound of the scream, the stone statue picked up the soldier along with the horse and chewed and swallowed it.
Ododok, ohdodok.
He bit off and swallowed it bit by bit with his front teeth before grinning as he bit the leg of the soldier who only had the lower part of his body.
“it’s good.”
The soldier’s lower body, still alive, could be seen swaying at will.
When Lian and Tess, who felt anger, tried to run away together, the body of the stone statue swelled up.
“huh?”
Whoa!
“Cheak!” As the body of the stone statue was pierced, a strong wind blew through it, leaving an afterimage.
“Oops.”
Natasha, who hurriedly slowed down, stuck out her tongue in the same way she had stuck out her fist.
“I couldn’t see because it was dark.” Taking down her brigadier with her blows was no surprise compared to the speed she displayed earlier.
“Lian, that woman… …
Just as Tess was about to convey something, Natasha raised her hand after meeting Lian’s eyes.
“hi?”
The incarnation of a skeleton wearing a black robe rose from her body and disappeared together.
‘this??????!’
In front of the extreme speed, Lian gave up on his thoughts and blocked the way with a straight road.
Natasha, who had spun seven and a half times in an instant, struck the wide side of the sword with her foot.
Before the cognition could reach the brain, Lian’s arm bent and hit her chest… … .
“Gagging!”
The moment I felt the shock of stopping my breath, I had already bounced off dozens of meters.
“uh?”
Tess, who was staring straight ahead without knowing anything, belatedly turned her head.
Natasha stood in place of Lian.
‘What happened?’
It was clear that Tess wasn’t up to par, but Natasha wasn’t interested.
“I blocked it.”
Whether he blocked it knowingly or instinctively, it was true that he responded to his own speed.
“Oh, that’s right.”
Over Natasha’s shoulder, Havitz’s face came over.
“Sounds like fun, Natasha?”
Havitz’s voice was actually ringing, and his body was also real in this space.
It’s just that no one noticed it.
“Shall we check one more time?”
Not knowing that Harvitz was by her side, Natasha kicked the ground and charged Lian.
“Lian??????
As Natasha disappeared before her eyes, Tess bit her lip and prepared to chase after her.
“You can’t go. That human has to play with Natasha.”
Havitz blocked Tess’s path and pressed her stomach.
“Hang in there. I’ll go.”
Although she is unable to move forward even one step, Tess does not feel the slightest sense of incongruity.
It’s because it’s a case that doesn’t exist for her.
“You look pretty. Are you a lover?”
Havitz’s face came right up to Tess’ nose, but nothing entered her brain.
“Sergeant! We must retreat!” The cavalry soldiers said Tess was doing something.
I saw that he was walking in place as if he was blocked.
But nobody thought it strange.
“Already pushed! We must leave now.”
As the adjutant grabbed him by the shoulder, Tess, who had given up chasing Lian, turned around and clicked her tongue.
“good! follow me!”
Habitz, who watched the scene for a while, drew his sword and approached the adjutant.
“It can’t be like that.”
Grabbing the lieutenant’s head and pulling it, he bent down and the sword touched the back of his neck.
“Swipe snip.”
Even while slowly scraping up and down and cutting his throat, the adjutant talked calmly.
“You have to break through at least 300 meters. First of all, I rallied allies and said,
Finally the blade came out and the lieutenant’s head fell.
“Stea! Stea!”
Tess’ eyes were filled with murderous intent at the death of her subordinate, but there was no one to express her anger to.
“You bastards!”
Cause and effect is just an illusion of the brain
all.
In fact, in a dream, does the human brain normally resolve any causal contradiction?
“You have a pleasant dream.”
Havitz roamed leisurely around Tess, killing soldiers in sight.
Even though their limbs are cut off, their brains accept the current situation as normal… … .
“Hmm.”
Habitz, who was getting tired of the slaughter, turned to Lian while wiping his sword on the corpse.
“Shouldn’t it be over soon?”
Tess bumped into his back.

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-886.txt
=============YYYYY=============
Soojin Bae (1)
“The Shinigami’s martial arts.”
The moment Natania’s voice was heard, a dull shock hit Lian’s face.
The last location to check her was 40 meters away from here.
‘At the same time as the sound??????
reached
‘No, maybe even faster than that.’
The scenery in my eyes was shaking from side to side, and I was in a situation where I couldn’t even realize where I was hit.
‘I have to keep my distance.’
Lian kicked the ground and stepped back.
If Natasha was chasing her, she would be ahead no matter what path she took.
“Yaaah!”
As the land was dug out with a large sword, a rock the size of a house rose into the air.
‘Can this be pierced?’
Lian put his foot on the rock and pushed hard.
“Haap!”
Natasha, who was charging at Lian, noticed a huge boulder flying like a cannon ball.
‘Hmm.’
The moment she got close to her eyes, the vector reversed, and as she stepped back, she threw a jab with her right hand.
Tok.
The left jab returned before the fragments could bounce off the fist-sized boulder.
Knock knock.
Her upper body, moving at the same speed as the flying object, swayed left and right quickly, causing afterimages.
Tok tok tok tok.
The two arms and fists that were supposed to be moving from the shoulders pounded the rock at an invisible speed.
Tok tok tok tok tok!
The expression of gnawing was accurate, but the speed was so fast that the rock was shattered in an instant.
“damn!”
By the time Ryan did what could be called a thought, Natasha was already in front of him.
As the fist moved back and forth at the speed that broke the rock, a heavy shock exploded throughout Lian’s body.
Natasha, who risked the delay of repeated hits and swung her fist, turned Lian’s chin.
“Keugh!”
Feeling the pain of the goal ringing, Lian slid across the floor and regained control.
“ouch??????
Natasha, who stopped with one leg raised, turned to Lian and shook her fist.
“It’s very tight. It’s a fist that can break rocks.”
Ryan was silent.
If it wasn’t for Edea’s ability to restore information, his muscles would have already been ruptured and his bones crushed.
‘If it’s just something that moves fast, I can do it too.’
However, thinking also follows the speed of nerves, so the scope of thinking was bound to narrow.
‘What happened to her?’
Natasha had no such weakness.
The reason why the eyelids were removed was because the speed was so high that even blinking was a hindrance.
‘It’s a so-called genius.’
Ryan raised his chin and said.
“You’re out of luck. There wasn’t a guy who fought with his talent and didn’t get cut by me.”
“I am a year?” Natasha pointed at Lian.
“I know what ability it is. Is that the same as Guy? The swordsmanship is also very similar.”
August Guy.
Recalling his older brother, Lian’s heart tightened again, but he buried his sorrow in his heart and said.
“Don’t get me wrong.”
Ryan pointed at himself.
“I am the source.”
right, bro?
“okay??????
As if she really didn’t know, Natasha shook her head with an interesting expression on her face.
“Are you going to do more? You’re strong, but to be honest, I don’t think you’re very good at fighting.”
By Natasha’s standards, yes.
“do not worry. Because I’ve heard that a lot. This one will not disappoint.”
Lian tightly gripped the big sword.
‘The cavalry is not coming.’
If something happened where Tess was, the battle had to end quickly.
‘The best blow.’
No matter how good his fighting sense was, it was enough to cut him down at such a speed that he couldn’t even react.
“Whoa.”
As Mach’s energy radiated, the scenery around Lian shook dizzy.
“Hoo.”
On Natasha’s bent knees, the incarnation of the god of death shone ten steel lines.
“Goes.”
At the same time as the words fell, a flash of light was born centering on Lian.
When the power of the apostate hit the ground, it roared and the ground split into hundreds of meters long.
As the powerful seismic waves advanced, the horses of the distant cavalry were thrown into confusion.
“Hoo?”
Harvits looked back.
“He’s an interesting guy.”
The realm of ideas is outside the law in that it goes beyond physics and changes information itself… … .
“But you can’t ignore the law.”
Harvits wasn’t worried.
“Just because you can rip through the cosmic curtain a little doesn’t mean you are as fast or as strong as the cosmic.”
While the two arms with torn muscles were quickly recovering information, Lian looked ahead.
Beneath Tasha’s feet, who was in a twisted posture, a straight line of cracks stretched endlessly.
Of the 10 steel wires connected to the skeleton of the god of death, 3 were severed.
“Whoa.”
Natasha, who came to her senses, let out a sigh.
“It’s really fast.”
Giving compliments means being alive, and that’s why Lian wasn’t in a good mood.
‘I dodged, the sword of apostasy.’
It was a blow that even Faust could not avoid.
‘ Maybe… …
It was a possible idea because there were only a handful of people in the world who could compete with Rian on an equal footing.
‘This woman might be the strongest.’ At least on this planet.
“Are you Lian? Mach’s swordsman.” You couldn’t read the hostility in Natasha’s eyes, but she did when she killed countless humans anyway.
“Why do you kill humans?”
Ryan asked.
“What is the reason for the war? A guy named Havits says he does it for fun, but I don’t feel any conviction in you.”
“Hmm.”
Natasha put her hand to her lips and thought.
“There is no particular reason. Actually, it’s not even fun. Is it just because I’m good at it? He said Harvits was good too.”
she smiled broadly.
“What I really like is dancing. But now I can’t.”
“why? Your athletic ability is the strongest.”
“It’s not the strongest.”
Natasha’s eyes moved sideways.
“I am just a puppet.”
Silence passed.
“Can’t we fight for humans?”
“I want to be on your side?”
“So to speak. Since you’re a human too, isn’t it better to fight the demons on the side of mankind?”
As if she hadn’t really thought about it, Tasha only shook her head after much thought.
“sorry. I don’t want to betray Harvitz. I knew it before you In fact, I don’t even know what it means.”
It certainly sounded like a screw was missing, but that made Lian frustrated.
‘There must be a clue.’
It was Han who was not good at speaking.
“Lian!”
Hearing Tess’s voice from far away, a group of cavalrymen rushed here.
Havitz was riding behind Tess, but no one noticed.
After confirming that Natasha was still alive, Tess took a long detour and arrived at Lian.
” are you okay?”
I tried to get off the horse, but it was impossible because Havitz was holding onto my waist.
Lian looked at Tess, who pretended to descend endlessly, then turned her head.
Most of the cavalrymen had one arm cut off, and some were missing an ankle.
Even after seeing the bleeding, Lian’s brain took it for granted… … .
‘what?’
My stomach rumbled a little.
‘Am I missing something?’
It was a great thing to have doubts.
‘I can’t stand it because I’m anxious.’ The realm of idea?
Or a fresh feeling when you first encounter an incident that happened in a different space?
‘It must be because of my mood.’
But in the end, humans cannot give up their brains.
“Rian, why? Your face is pale.”
Tess got off her horse and approached Lian when Harvitz loosened her back.
“Nothing. Rather… …
Lian’s words cut off as Harvits decapitates the man over Tess’s shoulder.
‘What the hell!’
Harvits smiled and turned around.
“You better decide quickly. If you kill them all, it’s your girlfriend’s turn next.”
Saying that, he shoved a knife into another soldier’s back, and the blade came out of his chest.
The blade was clearly reflected in Lian’s retina, but his brain treated it as not there.
“Let’s go back. You are not feeling well right now.”
The soldiers were dying even as Tess, who had confirmed Natasha’s location, was pulling Lee An’s arm.
“Tess??????
Ryan hesitated.
‘Should I speak? no, room to explain
There is no law.’
would say it’s crazy
It was like clapping and then there was a sound, and it was like saying it was so weird.
“There are three left.”
Havitz, who was killing the cavalry, gradually approached Tess and swung her sword.
“2 people.”
Rian’s shoulders shook as he watched the soldier’s neck snap.
‘I’m missing something important.’
There are times in my life when I suddenly feel bad, but it seemed like I exploded it tens of thousands of times.
“The last one.”
The cavalry was annihilated, and Habitz approached Tess with her sword hanging down on her back.
“?????Tess.”
“huh?”
Even if it was crazy, it didn’t matter.
“Get down!”
The moment Havitz raised his sword horizontally, Lian pressed down on Tess’ shoulder.
“Yaaaaa!”
Then, with all his might, he threw a blow into the air that was enough to wipe out the entire surroundings.
Woooooooooooooooooooooooooh!
A huge shockwave containing the law of Macha flew towards the nape of Habitz’s neck.
0.666 seconds of that event.
“Ooooooooooo!”
A group of 12 Siok came up from the ground and surrounded Habitz in a circle.
Attacks were applied at every time except for 0.666 seconds, and Natasha moved quickly.
Tess closed her eyes as the sound of the world splitting apart vibrated her eardrums.
“Keugh!”
Waiting for the pain to subside, she jumped up from her seat and shouted.
“What are you doing all of a sudden?” Ryan shut her mouth tightly.
His eyes were on the ground two meters away from where Tess was standing.
‘What is this?’
Twelve black holes circled there, as if a fire had been lit there.
‘It wasn’t until a little while ago.’
Maybe you haven’t seen it. That’s why this alone can’t be proof that you’re not crazy… … .
‘no. There must have been something.’ An abnormal phenomenon existed here.
“Ki-yi-yi-yi!”
At that moment, a monstrous bird flew in from the camp of the demons and made a strange cry.
‘Retreat signal.’
Natasha confirmed the position of the moon and said.
“Let’s play again next time.”
As soon as she kicked off the ground, her body evaporated, and Habitz approached Lian.
“Interesting. I think it’s called Edea. He’s worth watching.”
It is everywhere, but no one can feel it.
“One day I will take over all the links. Until then, it’s better to diligently dig up the secret.”
It was a whisper from Satan.
When Havitz left the place and released the incarnation technique beyond the radius, Tess’ eyes widened.
“Oh, this can’t be… … !”
It was only when he saw the dead bodies of soldiers lying all over the place that everything came together.
“There was Havitz.”
He got in his way, killed his men, and even rode here with them.
“How, how could you not know? No, I knew. I knew! Ryan!”
Ryan also gulped.
“Haviz… …
The 12 holes made in the place where Shiok had been were looked like passages into hell.

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-887.txt
=============YYYYY=============
bae jin (2)
The detached unit that had raided Tess’ unit retreated before establishing a special record.
2 days after that.
“Urgent news! An army of 20 million demons is moving south in the northwest area!”
“report! 40 million in the northern mountains……
pouring rain.
Iruki watched the entire Demon Army move simultaneously on the 3D strategic map.
‘It’s an all-out war.’
Check the reaction of the enemy with the raid two days ago and design the perfect movement line with the mob.
It was meant to swallow the central continent.
‘It’s good so far.’
Even from the standpoint of Iruki, who fought with the determination of mutual destruction, it was important to attract the enemy.
‘The problem is time.’
At least 10 more days were needed before the elemental bomb could be deployed in combat.
‘Overdrive.’ As electricity flew in Iruki’s eyes, the accident began to develop at superhuman speed.
‘I can earn 12 hours this way.’ As numerous strategies went through the process of combining and discarding, ways to buy time came to mind.
‘About 48 hours until here… … At the sight of her nose bleeding, Aromi, the attendant secretary, bit her lip.
‘It must be an accident that transcends human logic.’
Only Iruki can do it.
The more that happens, the more the brain’s durability will drop rapidly, but the person concerned didn’t care.
‘Four days earned. But it’s still not enough.’
He had to find a way to keep the demon army from reaching Tormia for at least six days.
‘This is it! 5 days with this! Then feel…’
Iruki, who was absorbed in his thoughts, did not know that his eyes were bleeding.
After 10 minutes, Iruki rolled his eyes and collapsed vomiting blood.
“Sir General!”
Aromi came running with a towel and wiped off the blood, but Iruki stood up.
“Please reorganize the strategic map.” As the commanders unfolded the new strategic map, Iruki wandered around and moved his troops.
Everyone who checked the results he put out with their own eyes shuddered with an astonished expression.
“This way… …
Iruki stopped raising his hand.
“Seven days from here.”
The commanders swallowed their saliva.
“The deployment you see now will be exactly the 7th day army. In a normal way, this is the limit.”
“Then if it’s an unusual way
……’?”
Iruki’s face contorted in pain.
“The way to earn the remaining three days is very extreme. In fact, you can think of it too.”
Everyone looked at the map again, and the faces of a few quick-thinkers went pale.
“Seriously, no way… …
Iruki moved the large army.
“Deploy all forces in the vicinity to the Kanian Plateau. I can keep my feet tied here for three days.”
That is to say.
“But, Commander-in-Chief, the Kanian Plateau is an unfavorable terrain for humans. So far… …
The enlightened commander kept his mouth shut.
“yes. It’s going to be a tough fight. Estimated damage is at least 200,000 people. But if we can’t block it here, the 7 days earned normally have no meaning.”
If it was a strategy that came from Iruki’s head, this should be the only way.
‘The most difficult thing is the General Commander.’
Iruki was agitated.
“I think it’s a bad strategy. No one wants to fight an unfavorable fight. But if we don’t stop here, humanity will be annihilated by the demons.
is.”
“… … Why don’t you decide by voting?”
It was not a vote to oppose.
“no. There are no votes. The fewer people responsible, the better. That must be the seat of the general military.”
“but… …
It’s not Iruki’s fault.
If there was a better way, I would have found it even if it cost my brain to burn right away.
“Nothing will change. Having to fight a little harder doesn’t mean it’s not a war. We will come up with the best strategy under the premise of earning 3 days.
is.”
Iruki then wiped his face with a towel.
“The detailed strategy meeting will be in 30 minutes. Please forward it to each department.”
Iruki needed a break.
All the commanders had left, and Aromi, the only one left, spoke.
“I think we should vote.” Iruki only smiled.
“I don’t think anyone is making an arbitrary judgment. Your thoughts are the thoughts of mankind. You don’t have to deal with it alone.”
If I can’t think as much as Iruki, I want to share at least some responsibility with him.
“It is not a weight that will be lightened by sharing. and… … Because there are also accusations that you must personally take responsibility for.”
“What are you talking about?”
Iruki looked at the map.
‘ sorry.’
Although the terrain was only a model, he could see that he was fighting somewhere in the terrain.
“I take all responsibility. Instead of… …
Iruki opened his heavy mouth.
“Can I request a personnel transfer?
yo. this?” The 2nd Legion’s subordinate wizards.
Garcia, the commander of the corps, stepped forward in response to an urgent order from the Valkyrie headquarters.
All the senior officers of the battalion commander or higher gathered, and Amy took her last seat.
“For the next 7 days, the 2nd Corps will make a rapid march to the Canian Plateau. You can omit the small skirmishes.”
The pens of the commanders who were taking notes suddenly stopped.
“You mean the Canian Plateau?”
“I said that a while ago. Aren’t you focused? Are you still the brigade commander?”
“sorry! However, Kanian Highlands is not under the jurisdiction of the 2nd Corps, and strategically… …
The brigade commander, who had read the death sentence in Garcia’s eyes, shut his mouth and straightened his upper body.
A cold silence passed.
“… … What do you mean?”
“no! I will correct it!”
The military discipline was solemn, but the same thought was running through the heads of the officers.
‘It’s the essence of drainage.’
It was impossible to accurately read the command’s intentions on the spot, but this was certain.
‘It needs a life to replace. A lot of that too.’
Amy was not afraid.
‘I’m not an Iruki who would sacrifice his allies easily. If you think in the opposite way, there is a chance of reversal.’
This is a strategy that humanity can win.
“I know what you are thinking.” Garcia said.
“It is not a soldier who only wages a winning war. he’s a mercenary For a soldier, life is another fighting force. I am not going to die. it’s going to fight If there is anyone who cannot tolerate this, speak up now.” no one gave up
“Give orders to each unit. A large herpes is formed immediately after eating lunch. Don’t miss out. It is a rapid march.”
“yes!”
As the officers left in 10th order, Garcia turned to Amy.
“The 6th Battalion Commander of the Magic Unit.”
“yes! Lieutenant Colonel, Karmis Amy!”
“You stay a while.”
It was unusual to request a private meeting at a military meeting even if it was between a teacher and a teacher.
“All right!”
After everyone left, there was no word, so Amy, who was sitting in the last seat, turned her head.
“Do you have anything else to say?”
“Hmm, there was a request for a personnel transfer from the higher up. Pack your bags when you go back.”
“yes? Say hello?”
Garcia nodded.
“As of this time, you belong to the Tormia Capital Defense Command, not the magic unit. Since the space movement magic circle has been permitted, jump and go to Baska.”
‘Tormia?’
After blinking for a moment, Amy slammed the table in a surge of shame.
“What are you talking about!”
It was not something she could do in front of the corps commander, but Garcia understood her.
“Why was I the only one drafted to the rear when all units are leaving for a dangerous mission? Why?”
“The contents of the upper part are as follows. By highly appreciating Karmis Amy’s ability to train troops… …
“Master!”
Amy screamed loudly.
Garcia said in a lower voice than before.
“Among the high priests of the temple, there is no one who does not want you to die.”
Amy remembered one person.
‘Iruki!’
The teeth were chipped.
“I can’t admit it! Taking troops to the rear in this way is a privilege and an excess of authority!”
“Maybe, maybe not.” Garcia flipped his hand over.
“It doesn’t matter. you are a talented person You can make a good judgment that you don’t want to consume it in this way.”
“But why me! There are plenty of people who are better than me in the Second Corps!”
“Those who have told me… … Don’t you know the answer yourself?
“I protest! I’m not leaving! I will march with the 6th Battalion!”
“That I do not allow.” Garcia said with cold eyes.
“Orders do not distinguish between life and death. It’s like a soldier obeying orders to die, so it’s the same this time. It is unacceptable for a single battalion commander to go against the chain of command.”
“Master. Are you telling me to be a coward? What do you say to your subordinates? Since I’m going to run away, should I tell you to run hard towards the limb?”
“That too is your responsibility. All I want to say is, go back to Baska quickly. It is an order.”
Amy, who was trembling with clenched fists, quickly turned around.
“I will come back.”
Garcia was speechless.
While the crew were eating lunch, Amy slipped her backpack over her shoulder and came out.
They didn’t show it outwardly, but their gaze hurt Amy more than arrows.
The men who put down the tableware raised a salute.
“Are you leaving now?”
“I’m not leaving, I’m going back and forth because I have business in Tormia for a while. I’ll be back soon, so make sure to crack down on the unit.”
The men smiled, but no one would have thought it was sincere.
“Do not worry. There is something I learned from the battalion commander, and I think I will be able to do well.”
I said it because I heard that he was transferred to the Capital Defense Command as an education officer.
“okay. request.”
She wanted to show it through actions, not words, so Amy turned around without making excuses.
On the way to leave the base, I heard the soldiers’ voices.
“Did you hear? I heard that the only officer in the corps was deployed to the rear? That too is an education officer.”
“Sheesh! Some go on a limb, some flirt with young guys from their comfort zone. This is why people need to have a solid background.”
The fact that Oh Dae-seong of the Ivory Tower was Amy’s lover was now an open secret.
“Honestly, I don’t understand. You know how cruel the demons are, right? Gedda
It’s a battle with little chance of winning, but if you’re like me, would you want to let go of your lover?”
“Who said what? If that’s the case, don’t jump into the battlefield from the beginning. Like this and that, just to make morale go down.”
Listening to them, Amy’s face turned red uncontrollably.
‘Iruki, you bastard!’
The reason why Amy left the unit was not just because she was ordered.
‘I sincerely hope it’s not you.’ It wasn’t a situation where I could say that it was Iruki.
‘But if it’s you, you’ll have to convince me at all costs. If you can’t… …
Amy’s crimson eyes burned red.
‘Because I’ll know exactly what the underworld is.’
The duration of the rapid march is 7 days.
To rejoin the unit, Amy quickly ran towards the space movement magic circle.

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-888.txt
=============YYYYY=============
Bae Jin Bae (3)
Valkyrie Command.
At the end of the mining of the Arca Mountains, Dorothy came to Iruki with the payment documents.
“93 percent of expected mining volume. Would this be sufficient to say that the mission was completed?”
Iruki nodded his head as he signed.
“great job.”
Dorothy’s lips pouted.
“what? Do you mean ‘You worked hard’?”
“You know my personality.”
Dorothy thought that Iruqi was blunt, but he was by no means cold.
“You tend to fool yourself. Did you honestly want to say something else? For example love… …
“Let’s go get something to eat. What do you want to eat?” Only then did Dorothy realize.
“What are you doing?”
No matter how difficult the situation, he never expressed himself, but today he seemed nervous.
As Iruki turned around without saying a word, Dorothy followed up and persistently questioned him.
“Why are you doing that? you can tell me Is it because of the war?”
“no. don’t mind… …
The moment Iruki grabbed the doorknob and opened the door, he heard a woman’s voice.
“I came to see the General Commander!” When Dorothy poked her head out, a group of people were scrambling at the end of the hallway.
“you! Do you know where I am right now? Do you think a single battalion commander will be able to meet the Valkyrie General Commander at will?”
“You can at least say something! That bastard, no, General Commander-in-Chief, will definitely let you meet.”
“Amy?”
Dorothy’s eyes widened.
“What happened? Why is Amy here?”
“I called.”
Iruki gave a short answer and gestured to Aromi.
“I ask you to come in.”
I know that Iruki and Amy are friends, but Aromi also had something to protect.
“But, Commander-in-Chief, this is the Valkyrie HQ. It is a violation of discipline for the lower end of the chain of command to hold the general military alone without going through due process.”
“Then what legal procedure is needed for a lieutenant colonel-level officer to treat me alone?”
Power entered Aromi’s eyes.
“No such law exists.”
Understanding what she wanted to say, Iruki nodded and entered the room.
“I ask you to come in.”
Ten minutes later, Amy knocked on the door and opened the door.
“Amy.”
Dorothy greeted her warmly, but when she saw Amy’s expression, she lowered her hand.
After an awkward moment, Amy straightened her posture and saluted.
“Loyalty. Lieutenant Colonel Karmis Amy. Requesting an interview with General Commander Valkyrie.”
Iruki did not receive a salute.
“It’s okay, it’s strange.”
And he said to Dorothy.
“I’m out for a minute.”
It was judged that there was nothing good to watch, but that’s why Dorothy couldn’t leave.
“no. You’re not even talking about the military anyway, are you? Then I deserve to hear it too.”
said Amy.
“doesn’t care. I won’t talk too long.”
Iruki let out a small sigh.
“Okay, what do you want to say?”
“You know?”
Amy took a step forward.
“As of yesterday noon, my position has changed. As a training officer at the Capital Defense Command.”
“know.”
Amy’s eyebrows twitched.
“Did you order it?”
“okay.”
Her fists were clenched.
“why? Why?”
“Education in the rear is just as important as fighting in the front. Your troop training ability is even among officers… …
“Iruki.”
Amy asked again in a low voice.
“Why?”
While Dorothy was stumped by the threatening atmosphere, Iruki spat out as if tossing it.
“You look like you want to hit one.”
“I just want to know the truth. Why did you send me to the rear? Because I am your friend?” “I’ll promise. To be honest, I would never get angry. Is that really the only reason you pulled me out of limb?”
Iruki’s mouth opened slowly.
“okay.”
At the same time as the words fell, Amy punched Iruki in the face.
Dorothy hurriedly supported him as Iruki rolled on the floor with a crackling sound.
“Iruki! are you okay?”
When she turned her head, an excited Amy was approaching with her fists raised.
“not there yet.”
Dorothy held out her hand.
“No head! Except for this, he is a corpse!”
Thinking it made sense, Amy lifted her foot and aimed at Iruki’s abdomen.
Dorothy held out her hand.
“Not even here! This is mine.” Tears welled up in Amy’s eyes.
“… … What do you know?”
Iruki still had a calm expression on his face.
“Do you know how much I trained to get to this point and how many deaths I passed through?”
“I don’t know.”
Iruki straightened his upper body and sat down.
“I don’t need to know that to save you. I made my decision and I will take responsibility. The junior officer is quietly in the rear.”
Only then did Dorothy understand the situation.
‘That’s how it happened.’
I understood the shame Amy must have felt and the anguish of Iruki who had to make a decision despite knowing it.
Amy stepped down.
“I can’t accept it. I know it’s a waste of time, but that’s why I’m here. send me back to the wire That’s what you can do.”
“no. I’m a general. If you want to protest, we can send you to a brig instead of the Capital Defense Command.”
“… … is that what you want My subordinates and comrades are all dying, but I alone cowardly survive’?”
“okay.”
“you… … !”
Just as Amy was about to swear, Iruki screamed with a distorted face.
“Just live a little!”
It was the first time I had seen Iruki get angry since his days at magic school.
Iruki jumped up.
“I’m already disturbed, but I’m annoying you! Do you know what instructions I gave you? Do you want to know the truth like that? can you tell me If you go there, everyone will die! 99% chance of death! Do you know what I mean? You will surely die if you go there, you idiot!”
Once the emotions exploded, I couldn’t control it.
“How about being cowardly? I took responsibility for everything to see you off! Is it thanks to having a military friend? How about then? Even if you feel ashamed, bear with it! They say I’ll take care of everything if you just keep your mouth shut!”
“I understand your heart. But Iruki… …
“shut up! how do you know my heart Does my head look like a delusional brain? Death is obviously calculated, so let me go? Don’t you think sirone? If you die, if you die horribly there, do you think I’ll be able to see Sirone’s face? I just want to live!”
Amy found another face hidden in the face of Iruki, who was building blood.
‘I’m not angry.’
Tears ran down Amy’s cheeks.
‘That Iruki… …
He seemed terrified.
It’s the first time I’ve been angry, but it’s the first time I’ve been so afraid… … .
‘It’s not a lie.’
If Iruki were to die, he would really die.
“I see what you mean. And I fully understand your feelings and your desire to save me.”
Eimi couldn’t say for sure that he wouldn’t do it like Iruki from the opposite position.
“But Sirone’s lover, before I am your friend, I am a soldier. It’s my own, not defined by anyone else. And soldiers, you can’t do that.”
Iruki leaned against the desk and lowered his head.
“Did you not hear me? die if you go If you’re crazy about wanting to die, you can do as you please.”
Amy shook her head.
“I don’t want to die. Of course I want to live. I want you to live happily with Sirone and your friends. But you know what? As long as I want to live… … I struggled to hold back my tears.
“Other people will want to live too. Even so, we are fighting to protect humanity.”
Iruki said in a hoarse voice.
“… … Every time I give orders, at least thousands die. Sad news keeps coming. Where 10,000 died, where 100,000 died. Like an hallucination, it lingers endlessly.”
It won’t be a place where you can stay sane.
“It is a terrible thing. Even if you don’t want to imagine what it’s like for 100,000 to die, it appears in your dreams. But no imagination… …
Iruki covered his head.
“It cannot be compared to your death. Every time I think of a face I know, a look I know, a pain I know, I feel like going crazy.”
“Iruki.”
Amy smiled sadly as she approached Iruki and stroked his cheeks.
Iruki raised his head with tears in his eyes.
“Once you get there, I can’t help you under any circumstances. It scares me so much.”
Amy said with a pitiful look.
“Iruki… …
my dear friend.
Trapped in a completely lonely gray matter secret room, how much did you think and worry about?
‘Because he’s more cool than anyone else.’
The current situation was unbearably frightening.
Dorothy wiped away her tears.
‘Amy, can’t we just stay here? Since it happened like this, can’t we just live?’
The words soared in his throat, but he was just a fool in front of Amy’s beliefs.
Amy said firmly.
“don’t worry. I can overcome any situation. i am a soldier There is nothing scary in the world.”
I didn’t say I would live.
“Send me back to the battlefield. My subordinates are as important to me as I am to you. I don’t want to drive them to limb and vouch for them alone. I understand?”
“You are really stubborn.”
“haha.”
Amy, who thought she had heard the answer, slowly stepped back and saluted.
“I will return to the unit.” Even though he was going to the limb, his eyes were more alive than when he first entered, and Iruki let out a sigh.
“… … Approve.”
Only then did Amy open the door with a satisfied smile and waved at the two of them.
“I’m sorry for coming in all of a sudden. I’m too busy with work, so I’ll go first. have a good time.”
I had to diligently catch up from now on so that I could keep pace with the rapid march of the unit.
“Emmy… …
Dorothy tried to say something, but Amy had already closed the door and left.
“You don’t want to leave room for emotion.”
After going around the table, Iruki sat down on a chair and buried his face in his hands.
“Iruki, are you okay?”
“Can you be okay? Anyway, I need to know that you have a tyrannical personality since your school days.”
The reason Dorothy couldn’t get closer was because Iruki’s shoulders were shaking.
“damn??????
I thought I could do anything.
‘I’m sorry, Sirone. I couldn’t dry it. Even if I was beaten to death, I had to stop it… …
I thought so at first.
No matter what kind of criticism I received, even if it meant not seeing Amy for the rest of my life, I was determined to persevere.
“I couldn’t stop it!”
I couldn’t break her convictions.
“Sorry. I’m sorry, Sirone!”
Dorothy affectionately hugged Iruki’s shoulders, who were bursting with tears.
“Get out of the way! Bye”
E that has been approved by the Valkyrie Command
Imi ran toward the space movement magic circle.
Although the time was tight, it wasn’t a distance where you couldn’t join if you diligently caught up.
‘Wait, these guys. I’m coming.’ The faces of the members who were to welcome them shimmered, and the unit’s morale would soar.
Amy’s eyes sparkled with life.
“Never give up.”
Even if death awaited me, I would not succumb to fear.

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-889.txt
=============YYYYY=============
Bae Jin Bae (4)
The 2nd Valkyrie Legion, which was stationed in various places, marched rapidly toward the Kanian Plateau.
Fraud was the worst.
“Sheesh! Is this the result of devoting your whole life to training? To become a meat shield for the demons.”
“Didn’t you hear the general? It’s a war anyway. It’s not about being tied up and being dragged away, it’s about going to fight.”
“gibberish. All those who live are meant to live. You heard about it, Lieutenant Colonel of the Magic Corps.”
Personnel transfer is common in the military, but it was a powerful poison in a situation that required noble sacrifices like now.
“I heard that you are acquainted with the top leadership. I wish. We fight when we want to fight, and we fall when we want to quit.”
“It’s a woman. So what do you see? To save one life, you did that with a few guys… …
someone cut off
“Hey, infantry.”
The members of the 6th Battalion of the Wizards walking beside them were revealing that they were going to die.
“Watch your mouth. Then the jaw is torn.”
The foot soldiers who checked the marks on their uniforms shut their mouths with displeased expressions.
‘Unlucky wizards.’
Even if the ranks were the same, the treatment between infantry and magicians in the army was vastly different.
“Did I say something wrong?”
Normally, it would have stopped here, but the foot soldiers were also very sensitive to the stress of death.
“Don’t be so arrogant about using some magic. If your boss ran away, you’d feel ashamed. Or what? Did you guys also get and eat her rice cake dumplings from her?”
“what? The woman?”
Berik of the magic unit violated military law and left the ranks, grabbing the neck of an infantryman.
“Say it again. Is she that woman?”
“Keugh! Aren’t you going to let this go?”
The infantry had a way to respond if they were in close contact, but they didn’t want to be covered in shit together.
“Go back, you bastard. If you want to die, you die alone. Don’t get me involved in it.”
“why? You made a lot of noise when you insulted the lieutenant colonel, so you don’t want to die either, do you?”
The company commander’s voice fell like lightning.
“what’s the matter!”
The magic unit’s colleagues stopped Berik, and the infantrymen’s faces turned pale.
The company commander of the infantry unit confirmed that the soldiers of the magic unit had left the procession.
“These are crazy! War is a joke! You two are out of line! I will behead you by martial law!”
Currently, the only thing Valkyrie could rely on was discipline, so even the company commander had no mercy.
“Stop it.”
All the commanders must have had the same opinion, so the company commander turned his head away unable to hide his anger.
“ah??????
Corps commander Garcia was sitting on a horse.
“Loyalty!”
It was no coincidence that he stopped by the 6th Battalion after following a long procession on patrol.
‘It turns out like this.’
This was the reason why the Valkyrie General Commander’s authority was all about saving one person.
‘It would have been better if there had been no exceptions’
only… …
What he realized while fighting countless battles with the demons is that the general’s resourcefulness transcends that of humans.
‘There must be a reason.’
There was no dissatisfaction with what he judged, whether it was personal feelings or the strategic big picture.
“Hey, what is your job title?”
Garcia asked Verique.
“Corporal Berrik! I am the 3rd squad leader of the 6th Battalion! My job is fire magic ranged support and wide area kill!”
“It is right to act to protect the honor of your superior. But you cannot get what you want by breaking military law.”
“sorry!”
Soldiers cannot speak for a long time, so they shout with all their emotions in one word.
Garcia confirmed Verique’s look in his eyes, saying that he would accept any disposition.
“Return to heat. If the same thing happens next time, then I will behead you immediately.”
“yes!”
As Berik ran quickly and joined the ranks, the watching colleagues let out a sigh.
“Yumma, are you crazy? Why do you do that? Don’t you know that the atmosphere in the unit is really bad right now?”
“It popped out without me knowing. don’t worry. I will never make this mistake again.”
“you… … Did you really like it, battalion commander?”
I felt it from the moment Amy took away the resolution, but I didn’t expect it to be this serious.
“it’s okay. It’s all in the past.”
Berrik’s expression, which had been lost in thought, returned to that of a soldier.
“It’s better. I’m not someone I can protect, and Ivory Tower Oh Dae-seong is my lover… …
It was enough to think that their world was separate.
“engagement!”
A sound was heard from the front.
“engagement! engagement!”
Reports were delivered from the front of the procession, and all soldiers were ready to fight at once.
“What, all of a sudden?”
He was in the middle of moving, bypassing the demon troops as much as possible.
“45 degrees to the right!”
The moment the soldiers turned their heads at the instructions delivered again, there was a bang and an explosion.
“Kiaaa!”
Demons all at once came out of the forest on a high hill and started running downhill.
“Magic troops! to position!”
The number of demons was only a few hundred, and they were annihilated by the army’s fire.
“Is it a loser? But there will be no battle?”
The grass rustled as countless eyes watched the forest, wary of additional troops.
“come! preparation!”
Just as the company commander was about to give the order to fire, a tree branch opened and Amy appeared.
“Whoa, I found it.”
It is a place where thousands of lungs breathe, but to my surprise, I couldn’t hear a single breath.
“Captain… …
The first thing I realized was her direct subordinate, the 6th Battalion, and words came from other units as well.
“who is this? The military uniform is Valkyrie.”
“Get out of the way.”
As Garcia drove the horse, accompanied by general-level commanders, the troops split apart like water.
It was a familiar face to Garcia, but his expression was rather cold.
“Lieutenant Colonel, why are you here?” Amy, who held out an official document from her arms, saluted as she lowered it again.
“Report! Lieutenant Colonel Karmis Amy! As of this time, we have been ordered to return to the 6th Battalion of the Wizards!”
“uh?”
The soldiers of the 6th Battalion turned to each other and raised their arms and cheered.
“Waaaaaaa!”
It felt like winning a war.
Excited Berrik shouted as he pointed at the infantryman who had just grabbed him by the collar.
“Did you see it! This is the Magic Squad! This is us!”
Likewise, the foot soldier who was watching Berrik raised the corner of his mouth and shrugged.
In a situation where you can see the morale going up, Garcia also regained his smile.
“Ten minutes break.”
It was the maximum consideration that could be given in a busy situation, and the division commander raised his hand and shouted.
“With this, there is no exception in the Second Corps! Fight together, die together, win together! We are one!”
“We are one!”
Although unintentional, Amy’s return breathed life into the despairing unit.
As Amy slipped down the hill and joined the procession, her men gathered.
“Captain! What happened? Are you really back?”
Amy raised a fist.
“of course. You said you’d be back soon. Hopefully you guys… … You don’t believe me’?”
“haha! Could it be? I firmly believed that the only person to command the strongest 6th battalion was the lieutenant colonel.”
“Anyway, I mean… …
Amy approached Berik, who was standing with a sullen expression, and stabbed him in the side.
“Hey, did you miss me? huh? I miss you?”
“Oh, don’t do it, please!”
Contrary to expectations, when it came out harshly, Amy asked with her big eyes blinking.
“Why is he like this again? Are you dissatisfied with me?”
“haha! It’s because I like it so much. Actually, this guy was with the infantry over there a little while ago… …
“ah! ah! ah! ah! ah!”
Berik, who hastily cut off his words with an angry expression, said with a stern frown.
“It comes when it comes, no fuss. Let’s not do this to be embarrassing.”
Amy laughed softly.
“what. Ji is making more noise. Anyway, be prepared from now on. I won’t let you go if you fall behind.”
As Amy took the lead, a colleague approached Berich and said quietly.
“why are you like this? I thought you would go crazy because you liked it the most.”
“Who hates it?”
I could see Amy’s back moving away.
“??????why?”
Why the hell did you come back?
‘I’m going to die anyway. A splendid life different from ours awaits you… …
The reason is unknown, but Berrik felt like he had won in a different way from the other soldiers.
The army of hell, numbering 200 million, was gathering toward Tormia.
Victory news everywhere.
The morale of the army soared, but the expression of the balkan looking at the map was quite serious.
“It’s really great.”
Even the Balkans who read the military discipline finally realized it only after 4 days had passed since they had decided on an all-out war.
“How can I extend 10 days?”
If you are in the same position… … he wouldn’t have been able to do it.
“what? Are we in danger?” Vulcan shook his head at Sumodo’s question.
“no. It’s a war of attrition anyway. We have an overwhelming advantage with large numbers. The important thing is the reason for taking the time.”
“Why?”
“I don’t know. I can’t even read the military standard. I mean, it’s a covert job. However, a strategy that requires this level of security cannot be very destructive.” It was common sense of war until now.
“yes. Espionage warfare usually strikes you in the gut.”
“hmm. But we don’t have a vital point. It’s getting on my nerves. This young military bastard.”
Numerous military standards were read in the eyes of Vulcan, who was piercing the power chart.
“Shall we take one?”
All the human armies he had gathered so far were moved to one place.
“If you do this, 10 to 8 days.” I see Valkyrie’s invisible brain clutching her head and screaming.
It seemed.
“Quack. How are you, baby?”
Vulcan’s eyes shone evilly.
“War, isn’t it fun?”
Iruki hit the table with a bang.
Empty bottles tumbled to the floor, and a roar of rage erupted from his throat.
“Aaaaaaa!”
No one thought he was drunk.
“ha! ha!”
Iruki’s hair had already turned white with more than half of her gray hair.
‘why?’
It was an unexpected number.
‘Why are you dragging me into a predicament? What is the reason for doing this to the extent of lowering the level of perfection of tactics?’
The war, risking the lives of all mankind, seemed to him just a game of cards.
‘Do you bet without looking at the hand?’
If it’s chess, it’s like closing your eyes and letting go.
However, because of that, it became a case of stabbing a blind spot hidden in the infinite probability.
‘It’s impossible.’ The probability of engagement increased significantly, but there was no way to recover the lost two days.
‘There must be a way. no, it must be If I didn’t do it, the 2nd Corps would be annihilated.
“Huhhh…”
The commanders noticed that Iruki’s hair was gradually turning white.
“Chong, Commander-in-Chief, resting for a bit made Iruki’s face wrinkled.
‘doesn’t exist. does not exist.’
It was concluded.
“It’s done. A strategy is a law that requires an opponent. If you destroy the rules, there is no way to respond.”
The commander comforted him.
“Don’t beat yourself up. Commander-in-Chief “But.”
Iruki stopped talking.
“It is my strategy that is over, not the war.”
“What is that… …
Iruki’s eyes shone fiercely.
‘There must be a variable.’
It was a gamble for Iruki as well, if it was driven by probabilities rather than numbers.

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-89.txt
=============YYYYY=============
[89] Group (5)
“I was in an accident when I was young. So his intellectual age is about 10 years old. How did you come to the party when you said you couldn’t leave the room?”
Alpheas looked back at Erina with a complicated feeling. However, she was greeting her youth with an innocent smile, not caring about the eyes of others on her.
As is often the case at proms, she seemed to be looking for a partner. But no one gave her her good-natured smile. With a rather awkward expression on her face, she was busy avoiding her seat after only saying hello once in a while. Even that was possible because of the authority of the Bastard family.
Alpheas glanced at the cap on the other side of the table. As expected, he was purging his face with his face flushed. Then she couldn’t stand it and shouted at her wife.
“Did I tell you not to bring Erina? Bring it out right now!”
“Honey, hold on. Erina likes to party too. It would be a waste if you try to bring it down and make a fuss. If you leave it alone, I will take it without anyone knowing.”
“Eh! I’m shy. Shame on our family, shame!”
Alpheas pouted his lower lip. I understand how you feel, but it’s a disgrace to her daughter anyway. Of course, I am well aware of the position in society of the first-class nobility. Alpheas was also born into a first-class family and was even given the chilling nickname of Mirhi’s Light.
‘It’s just like looking at my old house. Anyway, nobles.’
Alpheas did not take his eyes off Erina until the music changed three times. What I found out was that she was purely enjoying the party. She seemed satisfied with just the fact that she was greeting people.
But what kind of people are wizards? They were arrogant servants who regarded ignorance as evil. I could see him laughing from the front, but then turning around and mocking Erina, who had fallen less.
“Clump. hold on for a second No, you drink.”
After passing the glass, Alpheas turned to the ballroom, and Clump hurriedly called out to him.
“What else are you going to do? Please don’t make an accident in a place like this.”
“The lesser ones are rejecting the favor of the lady because they learned a little texting. As the most popular person in Basuka, I have to step in and raise her status.”
Clump’s bear-like strength turned Alpheas back.
“Alfeas. you, that’s bad To Erina-san, her sympathy might be taken as a mockery. enough of these people Don’t make her miserable anymore.”
Clump was sincere. The usual dark eyes disappeared, and the eyes glowed with justice. Alpheas smiled and patted Clump on the shoulder.
“Anyway, it’s simple. Do you think I don’t even know that? So far, I’ve never lied to any woman. All sins arise from discrimination. don’t you know this word? If you start caring, her life will become a caged bird. I have thoughts, so leave it to me.”
“Are you serious? are you really going to do it Hey, hey!”
Alfeas, who was crossing the ballroom, looked back at Clump and gave him a killer smile that everyone recognized.
“don’t worry. Because I am everyone’s lover.”
When Alpheas arrived, no one was around Erina. Unknowingly, all of them had left his place. However, she was enjoying her apple without even looking depressed, as if it was her daily life for her.
“hello? It’s a fun ball.”
Erina stopped munching on an apple and blinked while looking back at Alfeas. She could tell just by looking in her eyes that she was less intelligent, before they even spoke.
But it was pure.
It was so pure that it felt like I was projecting the emotions of others like a mirror. Maybe this is her real reason for her people to avoid her, I thought.
“ah! hello! It’s Erina!”
Erina greeted with a bright smile as if she realized something. However, her reaction was definitely different from when she watched from a distance. She seemed to be afraid of something unknown.
‘but. He’ll be the first to talk to you first.’
Alpheas bowed politely and greeted.
“My name is Wizard Mirhi Alfeas. I’m lost in my beauty, so I’m finally here to say hello. If you’ll excuse me, would you be my partner at the prom today?”
Erina blankly opened her chin. A piece of her apple rolled into her mouth. No matter who saw it, the emotion of ‘what happened to this?’ was revealed as it was.
Suddenly, Erina lowered her head. She then, without a word, turned her body and passed Alfeas.
Alpheas was bewildered. To put it simply, the expression ‘it was blacked out’ was accurate. Was it too close to the standard of a normal person? After coming to his senses, he hurriedly threw his body to block Erina’s way.
“Now, wait a minute. Was I in too much of a hurry? sorry. It was because I wanted to get close to Erina-san.”
Erina still had no answer. She was just staring at the ground and stamping her feet to find her way out.
But this time, Alpheas did not give up either. He blocked every corner she was trying to get out of and talked to her incessantly.
“all right. If you don’t like dancing, we’ll talk. Let’s talk. I’ll tell you a very funny story. Are you interested in constellations?”
“I’m going. I want to go into the room Are you scolded by your mother?”
“Why are you scolding your mother? No one scolds you for her. You came to the party, and this is how I apply for a partner.”
“I told you not to tell me. When he talked to me he said he was a bad guy. I want to go into the room.”
Alpheas was frustrated. No, I was nervous. The technique that won the hearts of many women was gone, and the only thought was that he wanted to make eye contact with Erina one more time.
“I am by no means a bad person. Look at my face. How is this the face of a bad person?”
Alpheas grabbed her shoulders with both hands. At the same time, Erina let out her scream as she raised the game.
“Kyaaaagh! no!”
All the nobles in the hall turned to Erina. It was a spectacle of Alpheas committing atrocities no matter who saw it.
“mom! Help me! mom!”
“Erina! look at me! I’m not trying to hurt you!”
“mom! mom!”
Among the wizards invited was Alpheas’s rival, Sarov. While watching Alpheas’ absurd acts, he was speechless. I knew he was crazy, but I never imagined that he would be such an idiot.
“It’s not enough that you grabbed all the Basuka girls, so now you’re even going to seduce a retard? I went crazy because I wanted to succeed.”
Most nobles thought the same. Even if she had less intelligence, she was the eldest daughter of the Bastard family. If she seduced her, her future was the same as mine.
The only person who knew Alfeas’ true feelings was Klumph, but when things got to this point, he let go too.
‘Ah, a psychotic bastard. It’s shit you made, so clean it up.’
Erina was struggling, close to having a seizure. If she was a warm-hearted person, she would let her go in front of her family, but Alpheas clung to her shoulder.
“Erina, wait a minute. look at me See me.”
“mom! Scared, Mom!”
“Erina!”
When Alpheas shouted, Erina’s movements stopped. But a trembling that was much more fearful than before came through.
“Please look at my face just once. I will ask you this.”
Erina slowly turned her head with a terrified expression. I could see the burning eyes of Alpheas. The hot energy was sucked in, and even her heart seemed to heat up.
“Well, how are you? Nothing happens. I’m not a bad person. I won’t do anything if it’s something you don’t like. But it’s a party. Don’t you want to dance?”
Erina’s expression was filled with excitement that could not be hidden. Particles of light breaking on crystals, the sound of music by musicians, and the sounds of many people chatting and chatting. She just wanted to laugh like everyone else.
“Miss Erina. i want to be with you Please be my partner tonight.”
There was no answer, but I had no intention of listening. Alfeas, holding Erina’s hand, walked to the center of the hall. She was toddling like a baby just taking her first steps. And for the first time in her life, she was in the arms of someone other than her family.
As the cunning musicians resumed playing, Alpheas started dancing, leading Erina. The nobles looked stunned. Even her Erina’s parents looked at her speechless.
Alpheas didn’t care. Because Erina doesn’t care. I entrusted my body to the music as if only the two of us existed. It was a dance that was far from dignified. But it was instinctive and passionate. Spinning like a top, he often lost his balance and collided with people. The more she did, the louder her laughter grew. By the time 10 minutes had passed, Erina was able to become the host of the party for the first time.
* * *
Playful laughter echoed through the garden. Alpheas and Erina, who almost ran away from the party and ran away, ran frantically through the forest.
Alpheas, who had reached the end of the garden, stuck out his tongue and breathed heavily. Humiliatingly, Erina didn’t look very tired. She said her stamina was weaker than that of a woman. Thinking of cutting back on her drinking, he looked up at the sky.
It was a night full of stars.
Erina had a surprisingly quiet personality. But according to her words, isn’t she the well-known Alfeas in Baska? She continued the conversation without stopping so that the atmosphere did not have time to cool down.
As time went by, I got the illusion that Erina was telling the story. No matter what topic was brought up, she listened silently. Sometimes, when she smiled as if she understood, Alfeas became more excited and poured out her words like a waterfall.
In the end, the story went beyond the question of the identity of the photon, which has been a concern lately.
Is light a wave or a particle?
Sarov defined it as a wave, but Alfeas was convinced it was wrong. But that didn’t mean advocating granularity either.
To be honest, I don’t know. All I had to do was start by admitting I didn’t know what I didn’t know.
“Isn’t it very rare? Light is a really strange property. Interference experiments reveal wave nature, but on the other hand… … .”
Alpheas stopped talking when he realized that he was too absorbed in his story. Since he was talking so frantically, he didn’t even pay attention to the fact that it was Erina who was listening. She was squatting on her lawn, looking down the garden. But the smile on her lips was still beautiful.
“ha ha ha! Did you talk too much? I think it’s the first time we’ve talked like this for a long time. I usually get tired of it.”
“You are a good person.”
Those were the first words Erina uttered. And Alpheas blinked as if he had heard such a story for the first time. He couldn’t figure out why his heart rate suddenly increased.
My mind was confused.
why am i here What the hell am I expecting from this woman?
It was an unknown world. A world where you can’t judge anything because the desire to enter and the fear coexist.
Alpheas turned away. She went on with her story as if she hadn’t heard her.
“haha! It’s embarrassing, but I have to write a thesis because I’m a wizard, but I don’t know anything about it. I don’t know which way to take the strand. What do you think of Erina? Is light a wave or a particle?”
Erina wasn’t disappointed with Alfeas’ attitude. She stood up from her seat and looked up at the stars floating in the sky.
—————————————

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-890.txt
=============YYYYY=============
Bae Jin Bae (5)
20 thousand.
It was the size of the human army that Havitz had gathered while invading the Central Continent.
It was incorporated through ideological education, but the effect of education was insignificant anyway.
‘It’s a miracle just to have survived… …
It was rather what they wanted to be incorporated into the army of Hell, which was on the verge of conquering the world.
‘If you win the war, you can get great wealth. No, I might be able to become a king.’
As the number of humans decreased, so did the competition.
‘200,000 of us share the things enjoyed by 6 billion people. Even with a simple calculation, the share that goes back to each person is… …
Everything enjoyed by a population of approximately 3,000 people.
‘Because a single soldier is that much.’ He had been a lieutenant commander and now became a general, his face burning with excitement.
all.
‘My life is also blooming.’
The reason humans don’t want to go to hell is probably because there is no pleasure there.
‘It’s good that I joined the army of hell.’
If it was money, it was human to sell even the soul.
When Iruki and Vulcan had a showdown of resourcefulness, everything was clear.
There were rules, and variables were controllable.
Among them, the strategy was perfect or lacking, and did not cross that category under any circumstances.
However, if you take your eyes off the board and look outside, in reality, in this world, numerous probabilities are moving.
It can be good, it can be bad, everything can be gained or everything can be lost.
‘If it’s just a contest to see who’s lucky, I’ll accept it.’
Iruki looked down at the map.
“Because the odds are half and half anyway.”
The place where the eyes reach, was the Teira Mountains that had been left in the mind for a very long time.
Deep in the mountains of the Teira Mountains.
A tall man, skinny like a skeleton, and a girl with black hair covering one eye were walking along a mountain path.
The man was wearing round sunglasses, and had a long horse-like face and a slightly crooked nose.
Even the girls were not inferior in their gloomy aura, but their skin was as white as white jade, and they had a timid appearance.
The man’s nickname is Kitaru Man.
She was one of the famous 7 Madou Girls in the Black Line and one of the world’s top 100 dangerous people.
He was also a wizard who was regarded as the best in the world along with Sein in spirit-related magic.
The reason he is called Kitaru Man is because he has a D-class object <Gitaru>.
<Gitaru>, a language that probably means guitar, is not a combatively powerful object.
However, it was the best equipment for musicians who could play the sounds of all instruments at the same time.
Silence, endless silence.
The two of them hadn’t exchanged a word from four years ago, but that silence has now become language.
The girl stopped walking.
While the guitar man, who checked the time, sat down and chewed on the beef jerky, the girl went into the woods.
Looking around indifferently, she lowered her panties and sat down to urinate.
pee.
When he finished his errands and left the forest, Kitaru Man’s beef jerky was all in his mouth.
U 99
??????
The girl stared intently.
Then, Kitaru Man spat out what he was chewing on the palm of his hand and held it out.
Massive chunks of beef jerky.
But the girl gladly picked it up, put it in her mouth, and mumbled deliciously.
The two are still silent. As Kitaru Man grabbed his guitar case and stood up, a girl followed after her, munching on beef jerky.
An endless meadow.
Coincidentally, the Valkyrie and the army of hell were confronting each other at a distance of 500 meters.
“Sheesh! To meet you here.”
While the Valkyries, who were instructed to avoid engagements as much as possible, felt uncomfortable, the Hell’s army was eager to set up the ball as soon as possible.
“After running away like a rat, I finally see it. Guys, get ready to sweep it up.”
Because the difference between the troops reached a whopping 4 times, the army of hell was full of confidence.
And at that moment, a man and a girl came into the middle of the meadow where they were confronting each other.
“What is that?”
The Valkyrie commander opened his eyes wide and shouted.
“hey! Avoid quickly! This place will soon become a battlefield!”
As he walked without even pretending to listen, ridicule poured out from the Hell’s army.
“Puhahaha! I came here on my own to die! Are women quite flattering? Hey, come here if you want to live.” Even the villains of the world will instinctively catch those who fall down the cliff.
Even the commander of the Valkyrie, who considered the deaths of civilians insignificant, was strangely offended by this situation.
“Hey, scare me away.”
It was clear that they had lost their minds during the war.
A sharpshooter from the archers’ unit raised his bow to the sky and fired an arrow.
The arrow, which drew a parabolic arc with a roaring sound, was pierced precisely in front of the two people.
The guitar man and the girl stopped walking. He fixed his gaze as if reflecting on the meaning of the arrow, and slowly sat down and opened the guitar case.
“what? crazy guy… …
After finishing his tuning in the middle of the battlefield, the guitar man slowly got up from his seat and plucked the strings.
Jiing.
Unlike a normal guitar, it resonated with a thick, long sound that seemed to contain electricity.
Title: Early night.
Lyricist, Composer: Guitar Luman. The instrument was a single guitar, but numerous tones played simultaneously along the fast beat.
The girl started singing.
sold to the emperor
Her voice was low for a woman, and her expression was like that of a cat that had eaten something bitter.
Valkyrie and the army of hell listened to her song in silence for a while.
It’s my first time but I’m not afraid because you’re the king
You can swing it however you like
Guitarrumman put in an extremely low-pitched chorus.
love me
At the same time, soldiers from both units who seemed to have been randomly caught were blinded and killed.
“Gagging!”
The death toll, as if intended, was 111.
I wish it would have been bigger to tear my body apart. As the girl turned her head to the left and danced like a group dance, hundreds of thousands of soldiers followed her movements.
Even while the horse raised its paws in fright, the movements of the soldiers were the same as if they were controlled.
“damn! what’s this! Wake!”
The general of the army of hell shouted, but in reality he too was dancing to the music.
‘This is magic. I can solve it enough with schema. But why… …
Can’t even lift a fingertip?
‘no way?’
One person that flashes in the general’s mind for a moment.
“Damn it! All troops retreat! It’s Kitaru Man!”
Among the 7 Madou Girls who were once a nuisance to the world, she is the most secretive person.
In particular, he surpassed the world’s best in crowd control technology, and was said to be unmatched in history.
‘It’s a death sentence!’
It was the ability to artificially generate electrical signals in the brain that humans have right before death through sound waves.
the girl sang
morning never comes!
“Huh uh uh uh!”
An additional 8,888 people died.
love me
The moment the chorus caught up, a whopping 22,222 people collapsed vomiting blood.
Salute to the emperor’s greed!
As the girl saluted by raising her capital, all the soldiers put their palms next to their eyebrows.
your kid won’t be happy
As the girl turned her head to the right and stomped her feet as she moved, soldiers stumbled on her feet one after another.
“This, these bastards…!”
The Valkyrie Commander, who was stepping on the corpse of a subordinate like a limb, gritted his teeth.
“You son of a bitch! What do you think of human life… … ! Kuck!”
Exactly 40,000 people died, and the commander was no exception among the crowd.
you in my arms… …
The girl quietly finished the song.
I’ll drown you
After 3 minutes and 48 seconds of singing, there were only two people standing on the plain.
248,247 deaths.
While the girl stood up with her chin raised, Guitarrumman put the guitar in the case.
And just like when he first came, he crossed the plain with the girl in silence.
2 hours after that.
The general soldiers of the human and demon tribes received a report that their unit was annihilated almost at the same time.
“There are no survivors?”
The terrified soldier reported with his chin shaking.
“yes. But so are the enemies. It appears to be a person from the Third World, and according to experts’ opinions… …
“According to?”
The soldier raised his head.
“They say it’s most likely a guitar rumman.”
Vulcan blinked.
“Gitaru Man? The Madou 7 Girls’ Guitar Luman?”
“Yes, that is… …
At that point, Vulcan closed his ears and thought.
‘Are you saying it came out? No, it would be correct to assume that we called it. Shit, missing that.’
As the armies of hell swept over the world, the place where he was hiding disappeared.
“What shall I do? Shall we go after him?” Vulcan had no answer.
‘Combat power is not a level to worry about.
It is extremely vulnerable in person-to-person combat.
So it must have been hidden, but his ability to inquire could not be ignored.
“it’s okay. There is no need to chase.”
“yes?”
“It was force majeure. Typhoons, earthquakes, lightning… … It’s enough to think that you’ve been hit by a natural disaster.”
When Vulcan hit the table, the soldier hurriedly shut his mouth that had been wide open.
“damn! Because I’m out of luck.”
No, was there really no luck?
‘I was so excited. Valkyrie’s soldiers didn’t even respond to my handshake… …
At first I thought it was because I couldn’t react.
“You’re as crazy as I am.”
The face of the messenger entering the Valkyrie HQ was flushed, unlike usual.
“report! On the plains of Gera… …
Since he exchanged 50,000 of his army for 200,000 of the demon army, it could be said that it was a victory.
“Guy Taruman?”
While the commanders were discussing their opinions, one of them turned to Iruki and asked.
“Did you know?”
“no.”
It was a possible strategy.
“If I had known, I would have prepared for it. You should have included it in your strategy. Of course, the military commander over there. but… …
The reason why he was able to guess what Balkan didn’t know was because his power was overwhelmingly weak.
“For Vulcan, even 10,000 soldiers are unremarkable, but to me, even 100 are precious. To overcome the asymmetry of power, we have to save even one more person.”
In the Teira Mountains, negligible losses were frequent.
“I thought there was something. Of course, I wasn’t sure it would help us. It was a gamble.”
“I-I mean, did you make a bet without knowing which side would have an advantage?”
“The odds of us winning are less than 10 percent when the plan works out.”
Iruki raised a finger.
“But if the Balkans gamble, the odds jump up to 50 percent. I can’t afford not to do business like this.”
If I had lost, everything would have been over.
“Only God and numbers can shoulder human responsibility. These are the words of the Servant Magician Veronice. I just chose the side with the higher odds.” Even so, it was a huge liver.
“By the way, the guitar man appeared. It can be said that he has gone as far as the world has gone.”
Iruki agreed.
“Probably eating out. I’m guessing they’ll be extremely vulnerable in person-to-person combat. It must be a case where the power is amplified as the number of objects increases.”
Still, it was powerful enough.
“Secretly track the movements of the guitar man. A small elite would be better.” “Yes, please leave it to me.”
“It is not yet time to relax. We also lost close to 50,000 troops.”
Iruki looked at the map.
‘but… … :
Through the cracks created by Balkan’s mistakes, countless strategies were born to buy time.
“day.”
Iruki raised his index finger.
“For just one day, the 2nd Corps just needs to stop it.”
An unprecedented bomb is being installed on mankind.

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-891.txt
=============YYYYY=============
Coming Disaster (1)
The 2nd Valkyrie Corps, which started marching from all over the Central Continent, gathered at the Kanian Plateau.
Tess, who was looking at the rocky terrain stretching all the way, turned to Lian.
“What happened to Sirone?” From common sense, it was the time when he should have already finished reporting to the Ivory Tower and returned.
“I don’t know. But it will be fine.” Sirone is strong.
However, it was uneasy that even the temple had not yet grasped the location of Yahweh.
‘Why didn’t you go to the ivory tower? No, did I not go?’
For Rian, the top priority to protect is Shirone.
Tess, knowing that, asked.
“Can I really stay here?” Rihanna shut her mouth.
His desire to find Sirone is like a chimney, but he couldn’t leave even after knowing Havitz’s ability.
‘And Natasha.’
Moving at unparalleled speed, it was impossible to keep track of her except for Lian.
‘They’ll come looking for me.’
Even from the point of view of the demons, the knight of Mach is a key factor for Valkyrie that must be dealt with first.
“I just need to hold out for a day.”
When the order changed from the temple came down, the entire 2nd Corps seemed to breathe.
“I will stop Natasha. But I can’t stop Havitz. Be careful, Tess.”
Remembering vanishing, Tess swallowed.
“don’t worry. I will keep my mind straight.”
It’s not something that can be blocked by being alert, but there was no other way anyway.
“Is Amy okay?”
It was difficult to find Amy in the barracks spread over many kilometers.
“Since it is a magic unit, it will move frequently according to its strategy. Maybe it can only fly during battle.”
Ryan said calmly.
Once the battle begins, each person must give their all to their mission.
‘No one can replace it.’
Saving oneself was the only way to survive this hell.
“Emmy… …
Tess conveyed it with her heart to a friend who was refining her mind somewhere on the other side.
‘Let’s make sure we survive.’
With the return of the outcasts and the changed command of the temple, the morale of the army skyrocketed.
And as the appointed time approached, the military flag became a cold blade and aimed at the enemy camp.
“Whoa.”
The 6th Battalion commanded by Amy was to support firepower at the rear of the vanguard.
‘you can do it.’
Iruki said he would die.
There was no disagreement, but Amy believed in what she had done above all else.
‘Fight!’
When she got up from her seat and left the barracks, the soldiers were waiting for her.
“Commander, it’s time.” From the eyes of the members who overcame fear, Amy realized that long words were unnecessary.
“let’s go.”
In the middle of the 20,000 vanguard troops being separated on the left and right, Amy’s unit joined them.
Support would have been sent to the collapsed side first, and from then on, instructions from the upper level could not be expected.
“Listen to all crew members!”
The vanguard was Brigadier Taigang, a famous swordsman in the Central Continent.
“The next enemy we will face… … !” A huge cloud of dust rose from the horizon, and the ground began to shake.
“Brigadier General.”
There is no time to even say goodbye.
‘Yes, this is war.’
Taigang, who had been indifferently watching the dust in front of him, smiled as he turned to the troops.
“It was an honor to be with you guys.”
As his mind dug into the hearts of the members faster than words, his eyes became bloodshot.
“Waaaaaa!”
As if pushed away by the shouts, Taigang started his horse, drew his sword, and shouted.
“Let’s kill!”
It was a start.
On the plateau where strategy and tactics were useless, the distance between humans and demons gradually got closer.
‘come!’
Amy’s unit rushing from the center saw a shadow hiding in the dust.
“Kuaaaaa!”
An army of 200 million, which could not be captured with the naked eye, was running with a tremendous roar.
“Huh… …
A moan escaped through Amy’s clenched teeth.
fear.
But it’s okay.
‘it’s okay. I came this far.’ Moving the army from now on will not be petty will or determination, but irreversible inertia.
“Start bombardment!”
Following Amy’s instructions, hundreds of wizards fired flames in front.
rz rz tz c: tz tz: rz I
-r?1—I~r?t?1?r!
And, everything was trampled on.
Valkyrie Command.
“Report! The 3rd Division of the 2nd Corps, which had gathered on the Kanian Plateau, was destroyed!”
the commander asked.
“What is the expected damage?”
“It is impossible to accurately determine. It is estimated to be over 30,000 when calculated per unit area.”
“Hmm.”
Iruki bit his nails as his breathing sounded like a hole in his lungs.
“Thirty thousand.”
It was only two hours after the battle started.
‘I have to endure 22 more hours.’
The most miserable thing was that they could not provide any help to the 2nd Corps.
‘Let’s not think about what we cannot do.’
Iruki got up from his seat and walked to the other side of the table to look at the map.
“Forget the Plateau Battle. What you need to think about from now on is counterattack. How was the arrangement?”
“It’s done. The best place is here.” The rookie’s eyes were colder than ever as he looked at the location the commander pointed out.
6 hours after opening.
‘ what?’
Amy stood up, covered in dust, and watched the world spin.
‘Where is this place?’
Canian Plateau.
‘What am I doing?’ at war.
The answer immediately came to mind on the other side of my mind, but there was no sense of reality, as if blocked by a barrier.
‘Am I alive?’
I knew that activating the self-image memory would restore the mind from the state of shock.
But instinct denied it.
‘Why am I here?’
I didn’t want to come to my senses.
I was in a state where my instincts wanted me to go crazy like this and not realize anything.
“Kuaaaaa!”
The one-meter-tall anglers pounced on Amy, baring their jagged teeth.
Red eyes lit up, and Amy, alerted at the moment, twisted her body to avoid it.
mental
attack
As the shocking reality was recognized, a stress rushed in that would tear the brain apart.
rod
degree
“Great!”
But it didn’t.
“Kihehehe! You are a survivor! Survivors!”
Amy, who had flames in her hands, turned the rushing jaws into a whole roast.
“The battalion commander!”
When I turned my head to the familiar voice, 14 people, including Berik, were walking with a limp.
“you!”
It was like meeting God in hell.
“are you okay? You are injured!”
Berrik’s right wrist was missing, and the bleeding was not even stopped because he was in a hurry to avoid it.
“I am okay. Come on, dodge. We are already quite far from our base.”
“If you bleed more here, you will die.” Amy, who shredded her military uniform, wrapped it around Verique’s forearm and tightened it tightly.
“Aaaaaaa!”
The nerves were pressed and the excruciating pain came over me, but this was not the time to argue about it.
“it’s okay. Is this the only survivor?”
The 1st Squad Leader said.
“I do not know. This is all the crew we met on the way.”
Amy nodded and revealed her red eyes.
‘Where is it?’
Even in a situation where the origin was unknown, self-image memory accurately derived the current coordinates.
Amy pointed west.
“The base is over there. follow me from now on I will avoid fighting as much as possible, so take care of the wounded.”
The escape operation has begun.
The ability of the red eyes led the way in any situation, but it was impossible to completely avoid the demons that filled the sky and the earth.
In several skirmishes, three men were lost, and another was killed two hours later.
“ha! ha!”
A distance that would never be impossible if it were a straight line.
‘Never give up.’
I felt like I was going to go crazy from annoyance at the thought of having to hover in the same spot like a ball of thread.
As the sun went down, Amy finally heard the roar of battle transmitted by Asrai.
“I’m here! Arrived. Everyone, cheer up a little more.”
Since the demons were advancing recklessly, it wouldn’t be a problem to detour to the main base.
“Quack! found.”
At the voice from the sky, Amy’s face turned pale and the crew members’ eyes filled with despair.
“I miss you.”
The demon with the head of a bull, clinging to the crow’s leg, wickedly raised its mouth.
‘If only… …
The division commander, Parkma, who has competed before.
‘No, it’s not a coincidence.’
Pakma, holding a huge ax with both hands, fell from the sky with a thud.
“Did you think you could run away?”
His side still throbbed from Amy’s blow.
“I told you, even if it rips out my retinas, I will engrave your face on it. I mean, I haven’t killed anyone since. Because I was looking for you.” Amy looked behind her and bit her lip.
‘I’m almost there.’
It was a suicidal act to deal with the lively Parkma in a situation where everyone was exhausted.
“Is it me that you want?”
Realizing what Amy wanted to say, Parkma laughed bitterly.
“no. All I want is to do what you hate the most. For example… …
As Parkma suddenly jumped out and wielded a large axe, the injured crew members were decapitated.
“like this?”
Amy’s face was contorted with anger, and the rest of the group joined forces at the same time.
“Die!”
Flames and cold were raining down, but Parkma approached as if he had no intention of avoiding it.
“haha! You must have suffered quite a bit? Is it much worse than before?”
The large ax had no mercy, and in the end, everyone except Amy and Berik were killed.
“Now, there are no obstacles, right? Shall we do our homework soon?”
As Parkma thumped the ground and approached, Berik blocked Amy’s way.
“Go, battalion commander. I will buy you time.”
That was what Amy wanted to say.
“You go. I’ll take it.”
“I don’t think that can be. You know. I can’t go back to the main base with my skills.”
“The captain is me. This is my responsibility.”
“… … Humans die anyway.”
“what?”
While Parkma slung the ax over her shoulder and watched, Verique looked back.
“My father did. When you have to make difficult choices, remember that the end of all life is death. Then he can really make the right choice.”
Berrik looked back.
“Of course I want to live. But if I can’t, I want to make the right choice.”
Amy gritted it.
“Right choice? Is dying in my place the right choice?”
“no.”
Berrik stood up slowly.
“I was born a man, so isn’t it better to look cool in front of the woman I love?”
To die anyway.
“I was so happy that you returned to the unit. Because you chose us, not your lover. to be honest… …
Berrik looked back and smiled sadly.
“I feel like I’ve won against that blessed bastard.” “go. you deserve to live And I… … You’re going to be a damn cool guy.”
Berrik kicked off the ground and charged.
“Forever.”

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-892.txt
=============YYYYY=============
Coming Disaster (2)
Parkma, who was watching Berik rush in, let out an evil laugh.
“Cheuk, right?”
What a terrible tragedy it is to ‘know’ that we have life.
“Funny.”
And that tragedy was the greatest pleasure that demons could get from humans.
“You will regret it.” The moment the large ax sliced through the air, Verique’s body accelerated like the wind.
‘Haste!’
He quickly went behind Parkma’s back and held out his two hands that were filled with blue electricity.
‘Electric shock!’
Parkma’s face was distorted by the exhilarating pain.
‘This guy… …
The power was not great, but the unexpected pain made him even more angry.
“Kuaaaaa!”
Confirming that Parkma’s eyes were upside down, Berrik shouted while laying down a small blizzard.
“Go quickly!”
Even after the two of them disappeared in the cold haze, Amy couldn’t leave her seat.
‘Berryk… …
The military does not tolerate individuality.
What the commander wants is not a single powerful wizard, but the maximum firepower the group can produce.
‘Yes, that’s right.’
Magic is standardized and soldiers’ organs are ignored, but before enlisting in Valkyrie, Verique’s nickname was… … .
‘All-rounder.’
seemed to have heard
“Amy!”
In the middle of the chill, Verique’s shouts broke out.
“go!”
At the same time, a line of thunderbolt crashed in a black cloud floating in the air.
Aaaaaang!
A booming voice scolded Amy, and she regained consciousness and turned to teleport.
‘I can’t make Berrik’s sacrifice a dog’s death.’
self rationalization.
‘I will definitely survive.’ Numerous rewards that can be obtained when maintaining life filled his head.
Even just being able to breathe.
‘Sirone.’
Tears flowed.
‘I miss you.’
Life is beautiful, and if you do your best, you will be able to color your whole life into a flower garden.
“what’s this… …
I used to think
“What is this?”
Now, life is so burdensome and heavy to her that she wishes it never existed in the first place.
“Sick of it!”
I was fed up with the longing for life.
After stopping the teleportation, Amy turned around and returned to Berrik.
Even the life he could have shared with Sirone will one day be swallowed up by death.
‘I’m sorry, Sirone. I want to be in charge.’
When Amy arrived at the battlefield, she saw Berik, who was still alive.
“Hey, are you here already?”
Parkma held up the half-corpse face of Berik and tore the corners of his mouth.
“You, you child… …
Sparks flew in Amy’s eyes.
“I was waiting while playing with this guy. I was going to torture you until you returned.”
Parkma grabbed Berik’s shoulders.
“Aaaaaaa!”
The sound of bones being crushed was heard.
“Puhahaha! Now, do you know the reality? Even if you pretend to be cool, you are still human after all.”
More power went into Parkma’s hands.
“Tell me you regret it. then release it Beg him to kill that woman instead.”
When Berrik kept his mouth shut, Parkma grabbed him by the ankles and twisted his legs to tear them apart.
“Aaaaaaa!”
“Speak quickly. will you save me? Did you come back anyway? If you only sell that woman, it might not hurt.”
Amy’s mind spun.
“you… …
That moment when anger blows away reason and the body tries to jump toward Parkma on its own.
“Sheesh, embarrassing.”
Berrik opened his mouth in a hoarse voice.
“Amy.”
“Oh, good, good. say. I beg you to save me.”
Parkma smiled and stretched out her arms, and Verique said with a faint smile.
“How about it, it’s nothing?”
to die.
His face gradually turned pale, and at the same time he was engulfed in a flash of light, causing a powerful explosion.
Whoa!
‘Self-destruct magic.’
Berrik could easily relax.
‘But for me… … Perhaps the last trick left after calculating the probability of Amy returning.
‘thank you.’
He was a wonderful wizard.
“It’s a surprise. After all, humans are unlucky.”
Hot smoke was rising from Parkma’s body, which had been pushed away by the explosion.
“Are you unlucky?”
Amy was no longer angry.
“Do not be ridiculous. Even death is a matter of calculation for a wizard. And with this… …
The flames of the fire soared from Amy’s body.
“The chances of you surviving are gone.”
Even after seeing the fire giant, which was over 10 meters tall, Parkma laughed mockingly.
“Aww, be scared. But what? I already know your skills. As such… …
Fine and Ifrit grew more than twice as large.
‘Coffin
Her single sword amplifies mental power by concentrating again in a state of concentration.
‘coffin!’
And now, Amy was endlessly backing up her self-image memory, pushing her mind into panic.
‘coffin!’
The moment her mind was penetrated for the tenth time, even the slightest sense of reason she had left disappeared.
‘That’s right, Berrik.’
At the end of life she laughed.
‘It was nothing.’
The moment his concentration reached death, the Ifrit soared as if it were about to pierce the sky, and was scattered in pieces of fire.
“What, what?”
Parkma, who had been guarding her heart, looked back at the darkness that had returned and smiled.
“Cheuk, that’s right. This is the human limit.”
The point of realization was when I moved to Amy.
“huh?”
From the hand holding the handle of the large axe, fire soared like spontaneous combustion.
“Big!”
The fire spread all over Parkma in an instant, and even the ax began to melt in the heat.
“you you… …
The temperature rose around Amy, scorching her clothes and hair.
fire world.
Realizing that the entire landscape was burning, Parkma kicked the ground.
“I will kill you!”
It was a desperate voice, but before he could even land the blow, his body melted along with the axe.
“Kuaaaaa!”
Convection occurred due to the temperature difference, and the size of the fire increased as the concentration of oxygen increased.
Woo woo woo woo!
And finally, a huge whirlwind of fire 100 meters in diameter soared through the clouds.
“Brigade commander! excuse me!”
A pillar of fire clearly visible even from 10 kilometers away, temporarily halted the battle on the plateau.
Garcia bit her lip.
‘It’s Amy.’
He couldn’t be sure, but as a teacher who taught her, he knew better than anyone else the potential of Hongan.
“Send troops right now!”
It was already visible that the flying demons were heading towards the place where the pillar of fire soared.
‘I have to retrieve the corpse at least.’
There was little chance of him being alive.
Demons were faster than humans, but there was no way to approach them as long as the pillars of fire were soaring.
“You go in first!”
“it’s crazy? If I approach another 100 meters, my wings will burn! Just wait!”
Even for the inhabitants of the other side of the world who were accustomed to heat, the current firepower was close to punishment.
“Weak!”
As the flames diminished as quickly as the frenzied birth, the demons approached.
The rapidly cooled ground hardened in the shape of a rolling wave, and Amy lay down.
“There! Do it quickly!”
The burn stains were visible on the naked body, and the hair was burnt short.
“Aren’t you already dead?”
“I don’t know! The corps commander told me to go check it out and kill him unconditionally. Let’s stab the window first.”
As the demons surrounding Amy set up their spears vertically, a voice was heard.
“Stop it.”
The eyes of the demons who turned their heads were shocked.
“Boo, Buddha… …
On top of the bend in the lava terrain, Nane and Shura were looking down at Amy.
“Is that the woman?”
The demons’ shoulders trembled.
“Why is Buddha here?”
Nane, who was looking at the battlefield to break the last barrier of enlightenment, saw the pillar of fire and ran to this place.
“Buddha is everywhere.”
Nane held out her hand to the demons.
“Are you trying to stab a woman with a spear? This is too harsh a treatment for those who have burned their will to live. If you have mercy on her, she will not perish.”
The demons met each other’s eyes.
‘What do we do?’
The Buddha is fearful, but if the mission is not completed, what awaits is the corps commander’s sword.
The demons who made the decision frowned.
“There is nothing to be afraid of. Buddha is gone. That’s just a shell, not a Buddha.”
Nane smiled.
“Of course it is.”
“Kill!”
As half of the demons rushed in flapping their wings, Nane raised her index finger and opened her mouth.
“Sermon, par.”
Dozens of red swords spread like a fan behind them and pierced the demons.
“Cheak!”
Not a single shot missed.
The demon, who avoided the angle of instant death thanks to Amy’s back, asked while bleeding.
“Uh, how… … ?”
Nane came down from the hill and said as she moved.
“Sometimes you become a Buddha.” Gyungji is like that.
The demon closed her eyes with a grievous expression, and Shura ran to Amy and checked her condition.
“I am barely breathing. But what’s worse than burns is the mind. It’s not long.”
I also agreed.
“All fire is the will to self-destruction. It must have been so earnest that he opened the fire world.”
The voices of the Valkyrie soldiers could be heard from afar.
“hurry! pay faster”
Shura turned to Nane.
“What are you going to do? Shall we leave it to humans?”
“Can they save it?”
“no. I don’t know the burns, but the mind is irreparable. I’d rather have them take care of the body… …
“I can do it.”
A person who reached the level of Buddha would be able to restore Amy’s broken spirit.
Shura said with a reluctant expression.
“But this woman… …
“okay.”
Yahweh, the symbol of philanthropy, was the person Sirone had the most in her heart.
“Enemy, in what sense? I don’t think waking up will do us any favors.”
“People are equal before death.” Nane held out her hands, and Amy’s body floated up and flew towards him.
“Is it the ball or the child that she remembered at the end after burning everything? I want to hear it.”
Shura was also curious.
“Captain! There it is!”
I could see the magic unit flying rapidly while relaying teleportation in succession.
“Let’s just leave.”
When Nane turned around, Shura waved her hand and cast Gestalt magic.
Their appearance disappeared and within 10 seconds the unit arrived at the spot.
“Isn’t it? There must have been people… …
The first reporter felt possessed by a ghost.
“Are you not mistaken? Come to think of it, the distortion of the land is enormous. How big of a fire is this?”
“But the demons are dead. Then who the hell killed them?”
“Think later. once you find Everyone scatter and search the entire area!”
“yes!”
When the wizards were searching for about 10 minutes, the roar of space movement was heard from the horizon.
“damn! Is it over there?”
“Captain! Demons are coming!”
In the end, the Valkyrie members returned to the unit without being able to recover Amy’s body.

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-893.txt
=============YYYYY=============
Coming Disaster (3)
Becros Kingdom was the smallest country among the 10 kingdoms in the archipelago.
The population living on the island is approximately 2 million, and the fishing industry is developed, and it is a place where the leisure of the South is abundant.
And in the village of Arar, southeast of the island, Sirone awoke happily.
“O uh”
— TH ?
The warm sunlight and the cool sound of the waves seemed to invigorate the tired body.
“I slept really well.”
The moment he muttered that, Sirone realized it again and stood up.
“what!”
I don’t know.
“What happened!”
When I got out of bed and opened the door, the tanned children stopped playing ball and waved.
“Sirone hyung, are you awake?”
Just looking at the foamy sea made my stomach clear, but my mind got more and more confused.
‘It’s here again.’
After meeting Fermi in the southern continent, he crossed over to the 10th Kingdom of the Archipelago to return to the Ivory Tower.
‘Because the fastest way to jump to Corona Kingdom is to use the Becros terminal.’
It was certain so far.
‘however… …
It’s already been 10 days since Sirone is strong.
“Why can’t I get out?”
It’s stuck in the village.
“Today as well. It’s because Sirone hyung won’t leave. Did you dream again?”
Sirone looked down at the 10-year-old boy.
“Mycon.”
I remember.
He was the son of a married couple who brought lunch when they first arrived in Ar-Ar Village.
“I?”
“huh. You say that you don’t have time every day, but in the end, you say you’ll take another day off.”
Was it?
“ah……”
Sirone recalled the memory of having a party with the residents past midnight last night.
‘It was.’ Torches light the night, the smell of sizzling fish, wine and dinner, people laughing and talking.
everything was alive
“Puhahaha! You are very pleasant. I thought wizards were cold and blunt.”
The village chief, Begpa, pushed a beer mug.
“Ah, no. When you play, you have to play.”
Sirone, who was already drunk and her nose was red, made a toast to break her beer glass.
“Yeah, right. Even during World War II, this town is safe. We have never been invaded before.”
Begfa always said the same thing when he was drunk.
“Do you know what ar ar means? It is an onomatopoeic expression of the breath of God. This place is specially protected by God Becca.”
Sirone chimed in.
“Yeah, that’s right.”
“There is a powerful power in Becca Shin’s breath. They make waves to make a living, but they say they become sharp like a knife when angry. Even now, there is a place where the breath of God Becca is engraved on the cliffs of Mero.”
“yes. I saw it too. I was really surprised. It was not a mark that a person could engrave.”
“of course! what have you heard so far? That must be the breath of God Becca!”
Sirone doesn’t believe in superstition, but there was no need to argue about that at a drinking party.
“Oh, right! I must have been drunk.” A hoarse voice was heard.
“Of course you should!”
A fat man with a grilled fish skewer in each hand walked along with his beautiful daughter.
“Uncle Yasuka.” As the best fisherman in the village, he was a strong trader.
“You can forget about war in Ar-Ar! now! Let’s eat this and get drunk again!”
When Yasuka handed over the grilled fish skewer, his daughter Lua approached with a smile.
“Hello Sirone. Does it look interesting?” Like her father, she was tall, and her bronzed body was stocky and slender like that of a wild horse.
“huh. It’s been a while since I’ve had such a comfortable time.”
Lua’s popularity skyrockets in the village, but Yasuka likes Sirone.
“Yes, yes, being happy is the best. Instead, settle down here with our daughter.”
“Dad is really… …
Lua didn’t seem to like it either.
“What’s up? If it’s Sirone, even Dad will be relieved. You’re good, wizard. And you repaired all the broken houses, right? With great magic skills.”
“I knew I would. Are you getting married just because you fixed the house? Sirone, don’t mind.”
Sirone trembled.
“haha! am i good I like this town very much. Besides, I have no responsibility now.” yeah everything is over ‘Let’s forget everything. Fermi knows
You will do well. No war, no name Yahweh…
Although he had turned his back on the world, it was nothing compared to the joy of having laid down the huge burden of humanity.
“uh?”
At this point, for the first time, Sirone felt a strange feeling about her memories.
‘The realm of Yahweh… …
Apparently I talked to Fermi about it.
‘What were you talking about? I don’t remember. did you make a deal? No, it can’t be. Still Yahweh… …
It was alive in Sirone’s mind.
‘Time width, thinness, granularity, resonance. feel it all Nothing has passed to Fermi yet. But why?’
Memories go on.
“Halariolle! Rayerola!”
Ar-Ar’s unique folk music rang out, and people danced in pairs.
Sirone and Lua held hands and turned around.
“ha ha ha! Ha ha ha ha ha!”
The world was spinning, the alcohol was spinning.
“Sirone, this way.”
Leaving the party holding Sirone’s wrist, Lua ran to the edge of the sandy beach.
= = = =
O? “3三 “3三 “5” ?
The sound of drums faded away, and the two looked at each other in the moonlight.
“Sirone.”
Lua, whose eyes were shining brightly, suddenly approached and kissed Sirone.
“I like you. i like you.”
The people of Ar-Ar are honest with their feelings.
“Luah?????
Amy’s face came to mind for a moment, but Sirone tried to erase her existence.
‘Sorry. I can’t go back.’
I didn’t want to take a single step into the outside world, where a terrible life awaited me.
‘Here forever… …
In the village of Ar-Ar, which is protected by the gods.
‘I’m living.’
Shirone pulled Rua’s body and kissed her who was already waiting.
The two fell on the sandy field, but one mana piece of clothing was undone with a single touch.
O’. ? Stone”. ‘?
The sound of drums did not stop all night long.
“no!”
Sirone groaned.
“It can’t be.”
It was her own memory, so she had no choice but to accept it, but there were parts that she did not understand.
‘I’m Lua… …
The touch of her lips, the touch of her flesh, even her scent and the sound of the scenery were clear.
‘It can’t be. I still love Amy. Even if she’s drunk… … . no way?’
One thought crossed my mind.
‘Is it memory distortion?’
Aside from La Enemy, it wasn’t impossible for a spirit-type magician.
‘But who?’
Is it possible to manipulate the mind of an infinite wizard?
‘Besides, it doesn’t make sense logically. In my memory, I entrusted everything to Fermi. But actually, Yahweh’s realm is with me. this is the key
hey.’
It’s just a hypothesis after hypothesis, but if you’re not a clumsy wizard, it’s quite vicious.
‘Or something I don’t know… …
Maicon shrugged and sighed.
‘He’s a really good older brother without this.’ It was strange that he, who is normally calm, was angry like a fire every morning.
‘I must have nightmares every day.’
Since she came from the outside world where the war was in full swing, Sirone must have had painful memories as well.
“Stop calming down and have breakfast at my house. Let’s eat quickly and go to Mero Cliff.”
“Mero Cliffs?”
Maicon pointed to the cliffs along the shore.
“There is a place where my brother goes every day to practice. I will go in the morning and stay until the sun goes down.”
Sirone looked at the cliff.
‘I don’t remember this either.’
Since memories are inherently oblivious, it is only possible to know which memories have been erased only when you encounter keywords.
‘More information than expected was deleted.’
After all, if he had visited the cliff without missing a day, there must have been an obvious reason.
“I’m sorry, Maicon, but today… …
“i know. don’t eat Are you going to say you don’t have time?” Sirone, who stared at Maicon’s triumphantly smiling face, turned his head.
“okay. I do not have time.”
As Sirone, who cast teleportation, rushed to the cliff, Maicon opened his mouth.
“This is really awesome… …
No matter how many times I watched this, I never got tired of it.
‘It’s here.’
Looking down at the cliff from the sky, Sirone confirmed that circles of various sizes were carved on the ground.
‘Extremely large. It’s a circle that can never be drawn without measuring it in the sky.’
No, it is something to be seen at the end of the universe.
‘Because it’s perfect.’
The circle, which the villagers call proof of God’s breath, was no different from an angel’s halo.
Sirone looked back at the forest on the land side.
“Hmm.”
The transcendental senses that opened up to the ninth sense were longing for the forest like thirst.
‘okay. The body remembers.’
After entering the forest, Sirone opened the Spirit Zone and found traces of the past.
‘There is something over there.’
Among the synesthesias coming through the spirit zone, there was a particularly annoying object.
Arriving in front of an ordinary tree, Sirone reached into the trunk and grabbed a notepad.
‘It’s made of material.’
As part of the markings, one page was made of heavy heavy metal. When I turned the cover, the passphrase was written in thick lines.
‘This… … Syrone code.’
It may sound childish, but Sirone has created a code by combining her own private secrets.
For example, ‘Amy’s breasts’ was replaced with the letter X, and when deciphered, it was converted to ‘don’t know’.
Even if the diagram is extracted, it is difficult to decipher because it can be interpreted as ‘touching’ or ‘desire’ depending on the person.
‘Emotional code governed by feeling. Instead of writing a diary, I’ve been making it whenever I’m bored… …
It was helpful in this situation.
“Let’s see… …
Sirone deciphered the ciphers made up of numerous strings at once.
It was shocking.
‘First time!, don’t extract the chips in your head. could cause death? What do you mean?’
Sirone hurriedly touched his head.
‘ there is!’
A small incision was palpable behind the ear.
‘Have you put a chip on it?’
Perhaps it is true.
‘If it’s a physical device, it has nothing to do with mental power. That’s why I was able to manipulate memories.’
who the hell
I quickly searched through the memo, but yesterday’s sirone couldn’t even confirm it.
‘Wake up time every day at 8:30 am. That’s right, it was like that today.’
read on
‘Ar-Ar village escape plan. time vibration. Requires a minimum amplitude of 24 hours.’
If you flip the timeline up to 24 hours, you can recognize the past as the present from 12 hours ago.
‘Then it will be 8:30 last night. It’s almost the same time as the events in my memory.’
What happened in that time period.
‘He seems to have trained here.’
Sirone saw the record of raising the ability of Time Vibration day by day.
‘When should I implement it?’
After checking the last page, Sirone finally realized what kind of memories she had lost.
“Today.”
that too now.
‘Time Vibration!’
An incomparable gigantic period of time swayed from Sirone’s body.

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-894.txt
=============YYYYY=============
Coming Disaster (4)
“Goes.”
Much was unknown, but delay would not get to the heart of the matter.
‘I’ll go and see what kind of guy he is.’
Assuming an uncertain target, the bridge of Sirone’s nose twisted like a beast.
“Big!”
An unfamiliar headache from an unknown memory pounded on my head, and my eyes finally opened.
‘done!’
As the time period controlling 24 hours oscillated, the barriers between the past, present and future of time were destroyed.
As the senses were reversed, the feeling that memories also flowed backwards flooded in.
Meeting Maicon, sleeping in bed, making love to Lua on the beach, dancing.
‘This is 12 hours.’
As the memory of drinking at the party was recognized as reality, the village chief Begpa approached.
“Puhahaha! you really… … Kirik. gaiety… … . Wizard… … . Kigigigigigi!” Returning the past to the present, Sirone’s hearing began to cause cognitive dissonance.
‘ different.’
Artificially manipulated memories.
As the information engraved in the brain collided with the actual information, the senses were distorted.
“To poetry????????????
Begfa’s face was superimposed by retinal afterimages, making it look like a demon.
“Kiaaa!”
The moment when the fabricated memories finally disappear and the five senses perceive only reality.
“Die, Sirone!”
A non-human, 2-meter tall gray monster reached out with its gleaming black eyes.
“Keugh!”
When I opened the distance by teleportation and looked at the sandy beach, I couldn’t see a single human being.
“What’s this?”
The face was triangular like a wart, and the skull was flattened out like a fan.
His body was mummy-skinned, his knees were bent, his arms were slender, and he wore golden gauntlets on his wrists.
‘It’s not an exact match, but… … It looked familiar.
“Terraforce?”
What strongly proves that fact is a huge flying object floating on top of the Mero Cliffs.
“Yes. We are the Terraforce Combat Team. You betrayed Terraforce’s expectations.”
An alien creature that spat out human words stepped on the sand with its cleft soles like a bird.
“What expectations did I betray?”
No, if this moment is the past you have already experienced… … .
‘What the hell am I… …
What did he go through before he got out of bed every morning and stretched?
‘I don’t know.’
Even if I went back in time with the Time Vibration, the fabricated memories were blocking me.
“Answer me. What have you done to me? What’s the chip in your head? Why did you inject strange memories?”
The alien creature stopped walking.
“… … Are you from the future? Much faster than our predictions. That doesn’t change anything.”
Dozens of Terraforce surrounded Sirone.
“You have lost your qualifications as a representative of humanity. At the point of handing over the realm of Yahweh.”
“I didn’t hand over. I don’t remember because of you guys, but I know that much.”
“It’s a comfortable feeling. How your actions will affect humanity in the future… …
Dozens of palms aimed at Sirone.
“Watch in the Swamp of Oblivion.”
As the Terra Force race’s gauntlet worked, sharp sound waves were fired.
Sirone shouted.
“……I”
I was sure to spit out words, but the voice died out when it came out of my mouth.
‘I caught the sound wave!’
As the surrounding noise converged to the limit of 0 decibels, my heart felt stuffy as if it would explode.
On the other hand, Terraforce’s voice was huge and magnificent.
“Guard the order of the universe!”
It was as if someone else had entered her brain and screamed, and Sirone couldn’t even think.
‘ tremendous.’
He is an infinite wizard who prides himself on being a flawless spirit, but Terraforce was also the ruler of waves.
“Close the way out!”
Sound waves smashed the scenery, and some became sharp blades aimed at Sirone’s neck.
“????????
These!
At this point, having good feelings for Terraforce was a thing of the past.
U | 99
I mean in moderation!
The homing photon cannon picked up the Terra Force combatants individually and flew into them.
jing! jing! jing! jing!
As an intangible ripple spread in front of Terra Force’s eyes, it blocked the attack of the flash.
“Do you think it is right!”
The ground swayed like waves and the air hardened like iron, crushing Sirone.
“In this universe, on a planet that occupies only one square, life that has just emerged… …
The roar of Terraforce exploded.
“Do you believe you can define the truth!”
Even in a confused situation, Sirone clenched her teeth and put her hands together in a circle.
‘Elemental Photon Cannon.’
Powerful electricity gathered between the palms of Sirone, who brought out all phenomena through speech.
“……!”
Whatever it is.
“Let me talk too!”
The Elemental Photon Cannon, which tore through the sound wave barrier, vibrated and stretched out.
jing! jing! jing! jing!
Electricity was entangled in the wave curtain, and then several combatants collapsed in convulsions.
“ha. ha.”
Seeing even the sound of heavy breathing, Sirone wiped the sweat off her chin and raised her hand.
Dozens of electric spheres float into the sky
As he climbed, he aimed at the Terra Force.
“I don’t understand. As you can see, I am Yahweh. And even if you left room, why are you attacking me?”
“Can’t you win too?”
Terraforce looked back at each other as if avoiding an answer, and then reached out to Sirone.
“Stop sleeping.”
As the chip installed in Sirone’s head worked, the brainwaves turned on involuntarily.
“Aaaaaaa!”
My tinnitus flowed endlessly and I had a severe headache.
“Forget it, human. You can never defeat evil. We will judge.”
“Turn it off… …
Cirone, who was holding her head while still on her knees, lifted her head with all her might.
“No one can judge others.”
“Then don’t you also judge evil? Didn’t you annihilate countless demons?”
“Don’t talk nonsense. I just do what I believe is right. If the majority believes, it will become the law. But that doesn’t make you qualified to judge others.
hey.”
“The majority is your limit. We are the Terra Force that governs the entire universe. Human justice is only a minority opinion to Terraforce. We are the law.” Terra Force walked with his hand out.
“Of course the truth is everywhere. We have seen that Yahweh is. But you broke the rules.”
As the distance approached, Sirone’s consciousness shook uncontrollably.
‘no! I have to hold on!’
I didn’t want to greet a refreshing morning.
“Aaaaaaa!”
There is no time.
Even at this time, the world would have been trampled by the feet of demons.
‘This is the last one.’
Thinking of taking a final gamble, Sirone poked her index finger into her ear.
“what… …
As I tore through my skin, I touched a cold machine.
‘Fortunately, it’s not deep. but… … Grabbing it and pulling it out slowly, the wire connected to the brain stimulated the brain.
“Big!”
The pupils rolled upward, and the actions of the brain created afterimages like electricity in the retina.
“Are you going to kill yourself? To be clear, if you take the device out, you die.”
It seemed like that even if I didn’t hear it.
‘I have to come to my senses.’
Tutuk. Tutu-tuk.
The wires were pulled out ten centimeters long, and I didn’t even want to imagine how long they were.
It was terrifying to think that all thoughts, even the soul, were going out together.
“Aaaaaaa.”
Sirone’s mouth opened involuntarily, and the terminal structure of the chip stimulated the entire brain.
“Dead??????
Terraforce stopped talking.
Blood dripped down the wires connected between the brain and the hand.
‘uh?’
Sirone had a strange experience.
‘what’s this?’
All the scenery of the world was overlapping in chronological order and stayed in front of my eyes.
When I looked back, I saw another self standing still, holding on to the wire.
Time does not pass.
‘Because the 24 hours are completely unfolded.’
It was probably a side effect caused by stimulation entering the brain that activated the resonance.
In other words, it means that the brain has been damaged to the point that it cannot perceive the passage of time.
‘You’re really dying.’
Far away, seeing the incident about three hours later, he saw himself bleeding from his nose.
‘There must be a way.’
Sirone approached the other self who was pulling out the chips, put both hands in and spread them left and right.
In the world of thought and cognition, hundreds of sirones, which had been overlapping in one second, spread out from side to side.
‘damn!’
Sirone repeated the same action.
By the time you reach 1/10th of a second, 1/100th of a second, and 1/1000th of a second, you see something other than yourself.
‘It’s a surprise.’
Dark red spheres grotesquely swayed between sirones connected like dominoes.
‘I’m not there at this time of day.’
It was 0.666 seconds.
‘If you split the time tremendously, there is a time zone where nothing exists… …
why?
‘Why is there such a gap?’
To humans who believed that the universe would be flawless, the current flaw was incomprehensible.
‘Because I need it for something.’
If the world is made of information, air can be a specific signal that humans need.
About 78 percent nitrogen and 21 percent oxygen combined with less than 0.1 percent of other information.
‘The same goes for time.’ The information of a certain section contained in an instant must have had an effect on the world in some way.
‘More in!’
Sirone gritted his teeth and continued digging into time.
‘more! more! more!’
dismantle time
Gradually accelerating, the time zone now expanded before I could even stretch my arms.
Even in the midst of numerous sirones spreading from side to side, unusual things passed by from time to time.
‘I can not stop.’
It was too far to return from the state that had already been split into astronomical fractions.
Proportionately, it would be a very small amount, so Sirone continued to dig deep.
‘come out! What the hell is there!’ towards the end of time.
Perhaps because an obvious death awaited her, Sirone was only immersed in it.
‘It changes.’
In that near-infinity moment, the figure of Si Lone gradually began to blur.
“omg! omg!”
Terror surged in, but a curiosity that transcended life continued to stir his arms.
‘It’s coming!’
I was sure the end was coming.
The things that were quickly pushed left and right were in a form that could not be described in words.
‘no. It can’t be!’
Humans, this world, were completely different from what mere brain images could create.
afraid.
“Aaaaaaa!”
Shedding tears, Sirone finally reached a situation where nothing was pushed left or right.
end of time.
“Ah, ah… …
There was no form there.
Terraforce screamed.
“This is impossible!”
Following Sirone’s hand, which moved again, the wire connected to the chip was coming out.
However, the problem was that it did not pass through the body and penetrated as it was.
“The Chief Justice said… … Are you sure?”
“Keugh!”
Sirone, whose pupils returned to their original position, completely pulled out the chip with the long line hanging down.
“Whoa.”
The Terraforce combatants froze.
“How can a human… …
sensation is impossible.
Like a quantum, the destination of the universe that exists only in an insensible state.
“My 10th sense… …
Terraforce called this invincibility.

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-895.txt
=============YYYYY=============
Devastating Strike (1)
It splits the moment of time endlessly.
In the process, Sirone realized that this world is never continuous.
‘This world… …
The clock’s second hand seems to move, filling the interval between 0 and 60 seconds.
‘It’s disconnected.’
If you endlessly divide between 0 and 1 second, you will eventually discover the emptiness between time and time.
‘This world is originally nothing.’
It reminded me of Fichot’s words that feeling that something exists is only a human illusion.
‘Like a video recording device.’
If you quickly flip through dozens of pictures per second, your brain doesn’t feel the disconnection in the screen.
Time felt by humans was also the same, and Sirone thought of it as a stepping stone to time.
‘And when you put all these facts together…
The possibility is raised that this world where all things exist is nothing more than an electrical signal, not a substance.
‘if so… …
Where does the power that is being supplied to space even at this moment come from?
‘In the beginning there was light.’
And everything started from that light.
Sirone recalled a scene where the universe suddenly turned on in the absence of anything.
‘Let’s not be sure. If I open the lid at will and imagine, the impossible will disappear.’
Only what is closed is real.
‘However, if there is really a subject of supply… …
The power required to operate the current space would not be as large as expected.
‘That’s what scale is.’
The universe is only huge to humans, but it may be only the size of the palm of the hand of the supplying agent.
‘Thousands of universes can be created in the same alignment.’
In other words, the possibility that a universe similar to this one or completely different exists outside the universe where Sirone lives.
‘And if even the world where the main body of supply lives is being supplied with power from a higher dimension… … Parallel and serial, as new universes are created, they burrow endlessly into cowardice.
‘Infinite.’
It was creepy.
‘How far did the guffin go?’
The Gaians have left the photon world, but there is no guarantee that the place they arrived at will be their destination.
‘If you keep breaking away like that, what will you eventually reach?’
Fisho said infinite infinity.
‘I think I know a little bit.’
There is a world where only sirone and apples exist.
Sirone saw the apple and realized that there was nothing that wasn’t an apple.
‘doesn’t exist. This is nothing that humans can imagine.’
But if she hadn’t seen the apple in the first place, what could Sirone think of?
‘I can’t even think of having to think of it.’
Perhaps the state in Sirone’s head is…
‘There is truly nothing, so everything is the possibility of existence.’
There is only an illusion flowing without even the subject of the illusion.
‘In the end, everything was built from nothing.’
Sirone was a little sad.
‘You were right.’
As I opened my senses and realized new facts, the truth of this world became clearer.
‘But I’m not wrong either.’
I said so too.
‘If this world is really empty, wouldn’t the place where the heart dwells be the only meaning?’
In this way, in front of the truth of the world, Gong and Ae are separated.
‘I will fight, it’s me.’ After thinking, the Terra Force combatants were waiting in front of Sirone’s eyes.
“Have you reached it?”
The questions were indistinct, but Sirone, who had surpassed them on the level, understood.
“Let’s stop now. don’t want to fight I just want to hear the reason why you are against me.”
“We are not human.” There was no biological significance.
“For Terraforce, fighting is a dead language. We only act for the order of the universe.”
“They don’t like the order.”
“I guess so.”
The Terraforce combatants reached out again.
“Because you are human.”
The moment the sound waves that shook the heavens and the earth rushed in, Sirone disappeared from her seat.
“Slow.”
Sirone, who had arrived behind the backs of all the combatants, slowly turned around and said,
“No, it should be far away.”
The Terra Force combatants quickly turned around, but Sirone was no longer there.
Returning to her original position, Sirone put her hands behind her back and walked slowly.
“That too is infinitely far.”
Or forever slow.
“Superlight speed… …
If a Terra Force combatant had an expression, it would probably be that of a defeated soldier.
“Nothing is faster than light. That doesn’t mean it’s impossible. I mean, it has no meaning.”
Sirone realized that all the signals that make up this world are transmitted through photons.
“The speed at which information is implemented in this world. We feel it by converting that speed into time.” Despite reaching a point that was thought impossible even in theory, Sirone’s eyes remained calm.
“Thus, being faster than light must mean recognizing information faster than time.”
It was not a matter of speed, but a matter of cognition.
“I feel between time and time.”
The world that Sirone sees with her senseless senses is completely different from what her brain has perceived so far.
‘Nothing.’
There was only Terra Force where you wanted to see it, and outside of it, there was no building or land, it was a realm of nothingness.
‘If you don’t notice… …
The vast sea beyond the Terra Force combatants disappeared from Sirone’s field of vision.
‘It doesn’t exist in the first place.’
The moment Sirone’s consciousness touches, a specific signal materializes the landscape at the speed of light.
‘That is the identity of the law.’
Now Sirone knows too.
Unless you are conscious of it with your senses, there is no world behind you.
“But the reason it also exists is because the Terra Force combatants are aware of the scenery of the village behind Sirone.
‘That’s why he’s stateless.’
The world that Ankera had seen and that should still be reflected in Nane’s eyes was also seen by Sirone.
“Give me one last chance. Stop back.”
Terraforce did not give up.
“Didn’t I tell you? I can’t back down because I have no purpose. We act out of necessity.”
The gauntlet of the Terra Force combatant trembled and formed a wave curtain around Sirone.
“Free Zone.”
If radiation is blocked beyond convection and conduction, no phenomenon can occur.
“I don’t like using my body, but… … The combatants who drew beams as sharp as blades from their gauntlets kicked off the ground and rushed.
“There’s nothing you can do about a stupid human being!”
It was surprisingly fast, but it was meaningless to Sirone, who was aware of the speed of light.
“far.”
Sirone, who was standing outside the free zone, floated a photon cannon on her palm.
‘It won’t be as easy as crossing space.’
Since Terraforce’s consciousness is also another signal that forms the world, conflict was essential to subdue it.
‘Raise your power… …
As a test, Sirone floated a photon cannon on her palm and threw it at the enemy in front.
Aaaaaang!
A flash of light broke through the barrier and entered.
“Big!”
The combatants, screaming uncharacteristically of Terra Force, flew dozens of meters and rolled on the ground.
“done.”
There was nothing to be afraid of if you could break through the defenses, and dozens of photon cannons illuminated the night.
When the booming sound that seemed to continue endlessly disappeared, the lonely sound of waves rushed in.
“Whoa.”
After annihilating the Terra Force combat unit, Lone exhaled and moved on.
“Didn’t you find out after all?” Tried to leave survivors behind, but Terraforce didn’t give up to the point of madness.
“Is that????
As Sirone gazed at the dawning horizon, he saw an aircraft above the cliffs of Mero.
“I can’t leave it there.”
When the photon cannon was fired, the air around the aircraft rippled and blocked the impact.
While contemplating whether to increase its power, Sirone shook her head and performed Ataraxia.
Quaaaaaaaaaa!
A huge flash of light engulfed the aircraft and finally annihilated it without a trace.
Sirone spread her wings and soared into the sky.
‘Time is running out.’ Just as I was about to leave the island at full speed, I heard a loud roar from within the clouds.
Shirone narrowed her eyes as the clouds dissipated like smoke, exposing only a small portion of the aircraft.
“Terraforce?”
A voice was heard, like a revelation from God.
“Come up, Sirone.”
At the voice of the Supreme Court Justice, Sirone raised her altitude and pierced through the clouds.
It was a city-sized aircraft.
Upon reaching the center, the hole opened like an octopus’ mouth and sucked it in, ignoring gravity.
No one came out to meet me,
One of the many doors leading in all directions opened.
The place we arrived at after being guided on the road was a community the size of a village.
“See you again, Sirone.”
thud! thud!
It would be a human illusion to think that even though they were of the same species, they would be the same size.
As Justice Terraforce approached, Sirone had no choice but to hold his head up.
“See you again? When did we see you?” Long fingers that seemed to be able to penetrate the human body pointed at Sirone’s ears.
“When the memory transfer device is installed on you. Of course, it seems to have been removed now.”
Sirone wrinkled his brow.
“You chipped me?”
“okay. To be precise, you requested and persuaded, and I complied.”
“what?”
I definitely don’t remember it, but even if there was, I don’t think I would have made such a request.
“Why?”
The judge turned around.
“Sit down first. I’ll take you to the ivory tower. I have something to tell you.”
Sirone climbed into a chair that might have been used by a giant and waited in a cross-legged position.
The Supreme Court Justice who set the destination returned.
“First, I must apologize. I thought there was some truth in your opinion, but it seems that the other people had different ideas.”
“What are you talking about?”
“Extremists. I hacked the airwaves knowing that a chip was implanted in you. If you hadn’t wrecked their ship, I wouldn’t have found you either.”
“in short… … It has nothing to do with you?”
“I am not trying to make excuses. it’s my mistake However, I want to make it clear that it is not the will of the entire Terra Force.”
“I don’t get it. Even though you have a mind that is superior to humans, you can’t coordinate your opinions.”
“It is not uncommon. It also means that your opinion was unconventional. But to be precise… …
The Supreme Court judge pushed his face into Sirone.
“Even we who rule the universe have not achieved a unified mental system.”
Sirone shut his mouth.
“Gaia. not unique When you think about it, how difficult and great is it? To be able to think of one thing while having the diversity of objects.”
The Supreme Court judge touched Sirone’s head.
“If I had to explain the human level, that would be it. Murderers must be punished. Most would agree. But even this, from the point of view of the murderer, the idea is different.”
It’s not a perfect integration.
“Terraforce is slightly better. Should I go left or right at the fork in the road? The answer is different depending on the situation, but our choice is the same without exception. It means that the standard of conduct is perfectly established.”
“But this time it was split.” The judge withdrew his hand with a feeling of embarrassment.
all.
“okay. That’s a difficult problem, what an integrated mental system is. And because of that, even if you open your 10th sense… …
A thick voice rang out.
“You can’t open the Ultima system.” Sirone was also a question that had lingered in a corner of her mind ever since she realized her invincibility.

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-896.txt
=============YYYYY=============
Devastating Strike (2)
“The integrative mental system is… … Sirone slurred his words.
If the world’s procedural principle was built as a system, there was one more fact that needed to be revealed.
“mind.”
said the chief justice.
“okay. The information of matter is based on light, but the mind is formed through quantum signals. After all, this is what it is.”
A hologram lit up in the air.
“When we recognize it, a quantum signal is triggered, and the world is realized by combining it with information coming through light.”
Sirone looked at the hologram of the planet indifferently.
“This hologram is not real. You can look all over the planet if you zoom in, but after all, it’s just a signal from the outside.”
The Supreme Court turned to Sirone.
“The tenth sense recognizes the smallest unit of all signals that make up the world. That’s why you’re a manager.”
“Answer me. Why did I erase my memory’?”
“Even the answer to that question can cause a distortion of your thinking. I can tell you if you want. But before that, what I want to make clear is that you wanted it. You from the past, not anyone else.”
If so, Sirone didn’t even want to dig it up.
However, since it was a choice made by my past self, I could fully imagine what the reason might have been.
“It’s probably to stop me.”
“okay. The moment you opened your 10th sense, there are now two managers in this world. And the ways to get to Ultima will also be different.”
“When I reach Ultima… …
“I will become a true Buddha. You are perfectly right. That’s the problem. In a world that has lost its vitality, the user can no longer exist.”
“user? Will it cease to exist?”
“When the ball is perfect, it is expected that the biological program Argones will be triggered. It is to annihilate all life in the universe. To put it in terms of the outside world, it is like forcibly disconnecting and leaving the user.”
Fichot’s warning finally made sense.
“The outside world… … Do you believe there is?”
“I don’t know. It’s not a matter of faith. Terraforce is the one who protects the world. A kind of user protection program. Just as Argones is activated when the ball is perfect, we destroy it when the evil is perfect.”
“Referee?”
“I know you hate it. But strictly speaking, I am not a referee. The essence of evil is chaos. Intelligence cannot survive in a world of chaos. It is not for us to judge, but as a way to protect this world.”
Sirone realized why the Supreme Court Justice had come.
“It means the end is near.”
“yes. If gong wins, the universe is closed, and if evil wins, mankind will perish. Not bad. However, from Yahweh’s point of view, nothing is welcome.”
“I will fight. Stop me, I’ll stop Havitz. To do that… …
You must reach the Ultima System before anyone else.
“Terraforce is also hoping. But it’s not easy, integrating the minds of all users.”
The judge turned around.
“Ultima becomes perfect when the user’s mind and its many signals are integrated into one. That’s why Gaiain was able to get away from Ang Kera, the manager. And also, it will be the only way you can completely subdue me.”
Sirone pondered the Supreme Court Justice’s words.
“Get ready, Sirone. The end is coming. Judgment Day, everything will be clear.”
When the Justice of the Supreme Court activated the engine, the steel wall of the common room slid and a full-length window appeared.
An ivory tower rose from the center of the Arctic, covered with ice.
“Big!”
In the cave of the Central Continent, Gaold was moaning.
“I’ve been stranded for three days already.”
Gangnan’s words meant that Gauld would be in terrible pain for three days.
“Aaaaaaa!”
Following the screams, the cave shook terribly.
“Gaold!”
Just as Gangnan was about to run in, Zulu grabbed his shoulder and shook his head.
“Dangerous. There is nothing we can do to help.”
He was probably in a state of losing his temper, and in the unlikely event that the air press was activated, he would have died instantly.
“but… …
“I’ll go and see.”
As Miro took a step forward, Kang Nan glared at him fiercely and shot at him.
“Don’t you know that if you go, things only get worse? Why the hell are you not leaving?”
Why?
It was a labyrinth that had been treated worse than a mutt by Gaold.
‘You bastard!’
It wouldn’t be an unbearable pain.
I could imagine how hateful the woman named Miro must be in the terrible hell of pain.
‘I mean, endure until the end!’
selfish thoughts.
However, because it was such a fall, wouldn’t it have left a crack in his flawless spirit?
‘Because of you, even me, what is this!’
He is holding on with a selfish heart, but if his mind gets worse, even the spirit of the Thousand Hands Guanyin who contemplates all things will be broken.
“I’ll give you one blow!”
Kang Nan shouted at Miro’s words.
“I told you to wait! You could die then! Is it because you don’t know the power of Gauld?”
Miro looked back with cold eyes.
“Do you know that I am like you? That kind of guy, I can beat him right now.”
“Keugh!”
In any case, since she was a woman who could follow Gaold’s apostasy, Gangnan had nothing to say in response.
“Kuaaaaa!”
The cave rang again at Gaold’s scream.
“I’m going crazy with the annoyance!”
Miro, who rolled up his sleeves and strode forward, saw Autumn curled up at the end of the cave.
“hey! What if you’ve been like this for days! When it comes to protecting the world! I’m weak and fall for it!”
“go away.”
A hoarse voice echoed through the cave.
“Get out of my sight! Get lost! I mean disappear from the world!”
After shouting like that, Gaold poured out all kinds of heavy snow that he couldn’t bear to put in his mouth.
K | 99
Miro clenched her fists tightly and bit her lip, accepting all the words.
“ha! ha!”
Gaold let out a rough breath, and that alone was like swallowing a razor.
“Are you done? Are you feeling a little relieved now? How did you normally hold back because you wanted to tease me so much?”
“??????go away.”
Gaold’s dying voice upset Miro.
“Don’t get me wrong. I didn’t follow because I liked it. I want to make sure it ends. And now I’ve decided Also you can’t Let’s sort this out.”
“Okay, please go… …
“hey! you really!”
Miro, whose ax eye was raised, moved quickly with the momentum to swing his fist.
“Even if I go, I have to hit one!”
The moment he lit up the surroundings with flash magic and reached out his hand toward Gaold’s collar.
Miro couldn’t do anything and became frozen.
“Huhhh…”
Perhaps even the light is painful, but the figure of Autumn, with his withered body crouching and trembling… … .
“… … hey.”
It was a state that could not be called a human being.
“you stupid.”
Unable to control her emotions, Miro’s face was crumpled with tears and tears flowed.
“What the hell is this?”
Gaold lowered his head in shame and hid his face, but his appearance was even more pitiful.
‘I’d rather die…
Even death seemed like a blessing.
“Why are you so stupid?” Only bones remained. Miro hugged Old’s body and leaned his cheek on her shoulder.
“Huh! Whoa!”
Feeling the trembling of the labyrinth transmitted through his skin, Gauld shut his mouth tightly.
“Ahh! Aaaaaang!” Perhaps for the first time in her life, having fully displayed her emotions, she couldn’t hold back her cries.
Humanity’s greatest seeker.
There was a huge crack in the spirit of the superman who did not tolerate even the slightest flaw.
that evening.
“after. after.”
As Autumn shivered in a blanket in front of the campfire, Kang Nan held out a spoon.
“Here, eat.”
Gaold’s mouth opened slowly, and Kang-Nan supported the spoon and slowly put in the food.
Miro’s eyes cooled as she sat on the other side and watched the scene between her knees.
“red. It looks very nice. Then I’ll be fine.”
“What does it matter?”
Kang Nan, who replied indifferently, put a spoon in the plate containing Mi Eum and stirred it.
‘ jealousy?’
I sued with an honest feeling, but it was ironic that Miro felt jealous of the world.
Gaold looked up.
“It’s a maze.”
When it was called for the first time after coming out of the cave, Miro stood up, showing her bright colors.
“why? Shall I feed you? After all, am I better?”
“Stop leaving.”
Miro narrowed his brows.
“Is that sound again? It’s my decision to leave… …
“You are in danger.”
Thinking Gaold had caught her, her lips tightened as she spoke.
“You are with me. You can’t fight if you don’t keep your mental state at its peak. You want to save the world. Go back to your seat.”
“What is my seat?”
“polar. Human emotions don’t suit you. If you are obsessed with one thing, you cannot see the whole.”
One of the reasons why the incarnation of the labyrinth, Thousand-Armed Guanyin, is powerful is that there are no blind spots.
She views the world from all directions and can plan an attack in any situation.
Miro slumped to his seat.
“I do my own thing.” If the heart is like that, if it was something that could be easily undone, it would have been done right away.
“If you can’t.”
Gaold held out his index finger.
“Can I help you?” A terrifying breath of life spewed out, and a gigantic air was compressed at the tips of the fingers.
Kang Nan gulped at the power that even the surrounding air trembled, and Miro glared at the fingertips.
‘Gaold, I’m really going to kill him.’ If the incarnation of the Thousand Arms Guanyin is properly used, an air gun can be avoided.
But being able to do that meant that he had already killed Gaold in his heart.
“you.”
At the time Miro opened his mouth, the screams of demons were heard from the side of the cliff where the party was holding their backs.
“Keeeh!”
It was still far from the core battlefield, but demons were everywhere in the central continent.
“Sheesh! Move!”
At the same time Gangnan woke up, Gauldwa, Zulu, and Miro scattered in all directions.
!三 r： T三 !三 = T三 I
??1~I~I~I~r!
Demons poured down the cliff like a waterfall, and those with the ability to fly covered the sky.
‘Air gun!’
Gauld turned the hand he had aimed at Miro and fired an air bullet towards the cliff.
Aaaaaaaang!
The cliff was destroyed with a single shot, but the demons pushed through the smoke endlessly.
‘It must be over 100,000.’
It seemed that he was on his way somewhere.
“Fight!”
Zulu’s summoned cougar jumped in as the air gun fired endlessly.
“Aaaaaang!”
Gangnan, who was guarding Gaold’s side, destroyed the remnants with his fist, which had escaped the fire.
“The place is not good! Back off and do it!”
The distance with the allies was too close to end it with Pagye’s air press.
“A labyrinth?”
Zulu asked, stepping back after Gaold.
Only then did Kang Nan, who realized, looked around and pointed to one place with startled eyes.
“I-over there… … !”
Above the heads of the demons, the incarnation of the Thousand-Handed Guanshi Yin was shaking precariously.
“Come on!”
The incarnation of Miro attacked the demons, but the power was so great that it could not be seen as extreme.
“Puhahaha! It tickles me!”
“That’s it??????!”
The moment she turned her head, a huge club fell in front of her.
‘I missed it!’
A square is formed.
“die!”
Right before Miro’s head was crushed, afterimages flew in and quickly covered Miro’s body.
Wow!
The air shield’s shockwave exploded, and Miro confirmed who was hugging her.
“Go, Autumn?” A feeling of relief flashed in Gaold’s eyes as he inspected the maze.

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-897.txt
=============YYYYY=============
Devastating Strike (3)
Iruki pointed to the map.
“Abyssal Cliff.”
It was a 160-kilometer-long valley that runs along the border between Tormia and Kazura.
“It’s easy to think of it as a place where there is a risk of ambush, but the Balkans will come here.”
Geographically only a valley, the cliffs of the abyss are over 17 kilometers wide.
was a giant terrain.
“Above all, passing through here is the shortest way to get to Tormia. We also lost half of our power on the Kahnian Plateau.”
It was the damage suffered in only one day’s battle.
‘And Amy… …
Eruki erased his thoughts and continued.
“But as much as the damage is great, it can hit a vital point. It would be unthinkable to set a trap in such a huge terrain with the lack of Valkyrie troops.”
“It may not actually exist.”
Iruki nodded.
“yes. There are no pitfalls. There are only elemental bombs that can blow up entire valleys.”
“Whoa.”
Since it was a key strategy that could end the war, the commanders’ tension reached its peak.
“I will stop here.”
The place the baton was pointing at was the center of the valley, 70 kilometers away from Tormia.
“The power of an elemental bomb is beyond imagination. The terrain will offset the impact, but neither the damage to our allies nor the nearby cities will be spared.”
said the commander.
“This is an opportunity that came after a lot of sacrifices. There is no option not to do it. All we can do is explode it at the point where the expected damage is minimal.”
Iruki remained silent.
“Sir General.”
“yes. I have no desire to take care of my conscience alone. The operation proceeds as planned. The day of the showdown has arrived. There should be no mistakes.”
After the words were firmly concluded, the commanders left the meeting room with a look of relief.
Aromi approached Iruki.
“Are you having a hard time making a decision?”
Since he wasn’t someone who didn’t know the weight of the military commander, he was anxious to see him swaying.
“no. It’s not like that.”
“Then maybe… … Is it because of Major Amy?”
I couldn’t deny it.
‘I couldn’t recover the body.’
If the conclusion had been made with certainty, I would not have suffered from such an inner illness.
‘If you survived, there’s no way you wouldn’t return to the unit. Was it eventually captured by the demons?’
With the entire army of Hell descending, it was like dropping a bomb on her head.
“Sir, it is embarrassing to say this, but… …
Aromi said hesitantly.
“If Major Amy is still alive and captured by the demons, killing her would rather help her.” Knowing how cruel the demons are, Iruki agreed on the one hand.
“The reason Balkan didn’t realize the variable of Kitaru Man… …
Iruki finally spoke his mind.
“It was because the scope of the accident was different from mine. Even if you can read the flow of the crowd, you cannot read the flow outside the table. Because you can’t think about the unthinkable.”
“Yes. But why did you suddenly say that… …
“I do now.”
The thought that I was missing something haunted me.
“If Amy is captured, terrible things will happen, and Vulcan will use it. Because there is no better way to destroy my sanity than that.”
“Hmm.”
“But there is no response. Maybe Amy was not captured by her demons.”
Aromi wanted to give hope, but now it was a time when only cold judgment was all.
“Sir General, it’s hard to reason in that sense… …
“i know.”
Even Iruki knew.
“Even if Amy is caught, there are hundreds of reasons not to make it public. Sirone, it might be a paving stone for Yahweh. So it must be a level of delusion… …
Although the psychology of wanting the safety of a precious friend may have changed the accident circuit.
“It keeps making noise. I don’t think it’s clear no matter what criteria I use, either experience or logic.”
Aromi realized that Iruki was in a cold state.
“It means that something may be happening outside of your thoughts, Commander-in-Chief.”
“yes.”
Iruki looked back at the valley of the abyss.
“As in the case of the guitar man, that might be the difference between the success and failure of this strategy.”
Where the hell is Amy
peel?
* * ?
“Whoa. Whoa.”
Amy’s breathing sounded harsh in the hut built in the mountains of the Central Continent.
Her hair was short, and bandages were wrapped all over her burnt body.
It was fortunate that the heat did not penetrate deep into the skin, and sooner or later the scab would come off.
“I don’t see any sign of waking up.” Shura said looking at Amy lying on the bed.
“The body has recovered, but the more serious side is the mind. It is a fundamentally different matter from samadhi.”
Samadhi is based on the providence of the cosmos, but Amy’s multiplicity of things is entirely artificial.
“It’s like they dug themselves into the ground and closed the exit. You will not be able to get out on your own.”
Nane said biting her index finger.
“Remove the bandage.”
“What are you going to do?”
“Currently, she closed her eyes, plugged her ears, and cut off all senses herself. Her human transmission will not be able to pull her out of her abyss.” As Shura undid the bandages on her abdomen, her new flesh swelled out, revealing her reddish skin.
Nane, who wrote a circle of bloody words around her navel, sat cross-legged.
“Get as far away as possible. It won’t be worth it.”
In order to bring Amy back, a sermon by a robber, like giving enlightenment to a rock, was needed.
“Do not work too hard.”
When Shura left the cabin, Nane smiled kindly and lowered her eyelids gently.
The lips gently open.
“Mahavanya… …
As the sermon with a unique rhyme continued endlessly, the mountains, rivers, and trees began to tremble.
“Keugh!”
Shura, who was rushing into the forest, covered her ears.
‘It’s not a sound.’
Nane’s voice that pierced the image echoed in my head without passing through the eardrum.
“Color immediately ball Instant color… …
Inside the cabin where the sermon sounded, Amy’s body became hot as if it were on fire.
“ha. ha.”
Even in the unconscious state, a thin voice leaked from her throat as she was breathing heavily.
“Sirone.”
Earth Temple of the Ivory Tower.
With the five great stars who had been called by Taeseong gathered together, Sirone finished the story.
“Argones.”
It was shocking.
“So what, does that mean that whether I win or Havits wins, the world is coming to an end?”
Fried continued with a displeased face.
“Even if you look at the ivory tower lightly, it’s an oil fountain. Do you think we can stay still during that time?”
Silence ensued.
“Hey, what is everyone doing? Aren’t you afraid?”
said Minerva.
“It doesn’t matter if you fight or sleep. It’s a situation where the underlying system kicks in. The best thing is to end it without going to that situation. To do so, she turned to Sirone.
“Sirone has no choice but to establish an integrated mental system first before Nane realizes it.”
There was no disagreement.
In the same sense, that’s why none of the stars of the Ivory Tower told Sirone.
‘Amy has disappeared.’
If even Taeseong couldn’t be found, a certain person or force similar to him took her.
‘It could be me. But it could also be Harvits.’
Both characters were possible.
‘I can’t reveal it now.’
Thing opened his mouth.
“Sirone, before we prepare for the end, there is something we need to point out. There is something you don’t know.”
Minerva turned her head with a pale face.
‘Sheesh! That stubborn man.’
Xing, believing everyone but himself to be an illusion, saw no need to perjury.
“What do you not know?”
Thing turned his head and said.
“In the Central Continent… …
At that time, the temple of the earth of the ivory tower shook.
“what?”
Even if it was a steeple on the ground, there was no reason for the Earth Temple floating in space to shake.
Taeseong said with a bitter expression.
“You are finally here.”
In the glass window reflecting the planet, I saw something burning hot with the friction of the air.
“dragon?”
It was truly awe-inspiring to see them rise vertically while emitting electricity from their blue scales.
Sirone remembered the identity of the dragon.
“Pterosaur Brain Blitz.”
One of the 12 dragons who protect time, it was the creature that Andre met in World No. 1.
It was also one of the few first-class dragons that could leave the planet and enter outer space.
Woo woo woo woo!
Blitz attached his huge body to the ceiling of the Temple of Earth and bent his long neck to look inside.
“Hey Taeseong.”
There was a cold voice that went straight into everyone’s brains without going through the air.
Taeseong looked at the ceiling.
“Apostle of Time, why did you visit this place?”
The big eyes looked around the Earth Temple and fixed on Sirone.
“Our core seeks you.”
“If it’s a core… …
Mudeung Dragon Karatorsa.
“You mean you woke up from eternal sleep?” There is a famous anecdote about leaving behind the words “I will handle it” when no one else can handle it.
“Something big is coming. It is only a matter of time before the Mudeungryong wakes up. Sirone, the one who opened the senses of nothingness. follow me The core will tell you.” Sirone approached Taeseong.
“What do you want me to tell you?”
“How to fight.”
“Who are you fighting?”
Blitz turned his head wide and looked down at the northern hemisphere of the planet. In his gaze, the Eastern Jungcheon-dong was included.
“Heaven.”
A peak rising through the clouds.
On the highest hill in Jungcheon-dong in the East, there is a shrine built by mankind’s strongest wizard.
Guffin’s Gate.
A huge iron ball with henna engraved on the angel’s tongue began to vibrate high in the sky.
The iron ball swayed like a liquid, then exploded violently and blew all the peaks away.
Aaaaaaaaagh! What remained at the site of the explosion was a tunnel so gigantic that it swallowed the entire Central Valley.
“Is this the bureau?”
The soles of my feet suddenly protruded from the black sphere and stomped on the ground.
Whoops!
A small garden burst open.
“Cheuk, it’s so small.”
Following them, numerous giants appeared, and fairies soared into the sky.
The angels and their servant Mara arrogantly passed through the tunnel, and finally four archangels appeared.
Although they are half pages that have lost the concept they refer to, the world is shaken only by the energy they radiate.
The Archangel of Destruction, Uriel, revealed his thoughts.
“You are here at last. It took longer than expected.”
Rayel, the archangel of light, said.
“It could have taken longer. yeah that’s weird There is a sense that the dimensional barrier was pierced too easily.”
Uriel muttered.
“maze??????
What happened to the world’s strongest monk who had blocked the army of heaven alone?
The giants and maras who had been waiting for today could not suppress their speculation and screamed.
“let’s fight! Let’s punish the arrogant people who deny God!”
Ikael was watching them.
‘Sirone.’
The reason I couldn’t be of the same mind as them was because Hexa was here.
“Chief Angel! Order to sortie! Give Mimul a chance to teach her the dignity of God!”
Ikael quietly opened his mouth.
“… … Ataraxia.”
As her asteroid expanded at a tremendous speed, it spread a halo of brilliant colors.
“Huh!”
In the midst of silence like a lie.
“It reaches the entire army.”
Only her voice resounded amplified.

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-898.txt
=============YYYYY=============
Devastating Strike (4)
Demons rushed towards Gaold.
“Now! Kill!”
The moment when the red and blue bodies formed a tight dome around Gaold.
“Ouch… …
The air press burst outside.
With an explosion, the demons’ bodies were torn to pieces, and the sky was visible in Miro’s field of vision.
“Gaold, you… …
Before he could finish his words, Gaold grabbed Miro by the collar and screamed out loud.
“What are you doing, you idiot!”
The relief in his eyes was gone, and only hatred overflowed.
Miro, who had no desire to make an excuse, let go of his collar and shouted.
“It doesn’t matter now! I mean, I couldn’t help it! The dimensional wall… … !”
“Careful!”
At the same time as Gangnan shouted, all the demons rushed towards Gaold.
“Damn it!”
Gaold’s hair turned white, and powerful atmospheric pressure pressed down the entire radius.
Woo woo woo woo!
Blood poured like a fountain from the corpse of the demon, who couldn’t even make a squeak.
“Avoid for once!”
Gaold grabbed Miro’s hand and flew into the sky, followed by Gangnan and Zulu.
Miro exclaimed urgently.
“Let go! I have something to tell you!” The reason why the incarnation of Thousand Arms Guanshi Yin completely collapsed was not just because the mind was shaken.
‘The gateway has been breached.’
Although it was not as strong as the old samadhi-gyeong, it was also true that even the nane was not easily destroyed.
‘I made up my mind and came in.’
Miro, who had taken care of his dizzy mind, shook off Gaold’s hand and stopped in the air.
“wait.”
When Gaold looked back, Gangnan and Zulu quickly came to his side.
Gangnan pointed with his finger.
“If you keep interfering like this,
“I have to go back.”
Since it was a maze that had kept its place despite all sorts of insults, Gangnan narrowed his eyes.
“Are you going back?”
Miro looked back.
“Probably Jungcheon-dong, the door to the Guffin you were trying to use has been breached. Heaven’s army invaded.”
It was a case of misfortune.
“Shion has to move first before they meet me. no, maybe… …
The place they are aiming for must also be Zion.
‘The fighting power itself is the strongest. What’s more, I’m in a state where the power of mankind has weakened.’
What they are concerned about is not a strong enemy, but a state in which collision itself is impossible due to the dimensional barrier.
“Once I go, I will go. When the central continent is stable… …
“wait.”
Gaold said.
“Something is not going to be solved if you go. But it won’t be solved without you.”
In order to fight the army of Heaven, at least Miro’s mind must be intact.
“Can we talk later? class now
I say.”
“Even if we go on like this, the only thing waiting for us is death. Either stay here, or leave me and go to Zion.”
Of course, he had to go to Zion, but the emotion that briefly flashed in his eyes grabbed his ankle.
“I will not abandon you.”
Miro said, biting her lip.
“Because you won’t abandon me. I will never forsake you either. okay?” Gauld turned around.
“Zulu, Gangnan. Go with the maze.”
When you arrive in Zion, you will also have to make a choice in the labyrinth.
It would have been inevitable.
“Why us?”
And Gaold was the one who knew more about Miro than anyone else.
‘You’ll find out what’s right.’
Gauld, who had let go of the maze with such a heart, said while passing by Zulu and Gangnan.
“No other reason. Check out Zion’s results. I’m going to the Central Continent.”
It was as if he had found a place to die.
“Could you… …
“It’s not like that. come back quickly The demons are also a problem, but the army of heaven
It’s a really serious matter.”
Zulu grabbed Gangnan’s shoulder.
“let’s go. I don’t have time.”
All Gangnan could do was to deal with Zion’s work as quickly as possible.
“I’ll take you to the labyrinth and come back. Don’t think about doing it all by yourself, just wait.”
After confirming Gaold’s smile, Kang Nan climbed on the Zulu’s pet Kaidra.
Aaaaaaaaaa!
Blood gushed out of Gaold’s mouth as he watched the rogue bird quickly head south.
“Cak! Cuck!”
It’s not long.
“Heh. Heh heh heh.”
The reason I can still laugh is because what I hate the most is my own body.
“okay. Do more, do more.”
Gaold glared at the vision of himself standing in front of him, revealing his intention to kill.
“I will kill you terribly.”
The last fireworks to set life ablaze were waiting.
Alpones Mountains.
“This is… …
Sirone, who had crashed toward the planet from the Earth Temple, looked down at the winding mountain range like a snake’s corpse.
Before entering the magic school, it was the habitat of the dragon that Lian and I chatted all night with.
“Here lies the core.”
Transformed into a human form, Blitz flew next to Sirone and pointed at the mountain range.
“Do you remember? We met you at the beginning of human history.”
Andre’s World No. 1.
It was not a period for normal creatures to remember, but the dragon did not know oblivion.
“After you left that era, Mudeung-ryong told me. Shiro Yes, find you.”
Sirone looked back at Blitz.
“But why now? It didn’t matter anytime after I entered Andre’s World No. 1, right?”
Because at that point the promise becomes valid.
“There were conditions. When you can understand the emptiness of space, you will need us. It was close, but I think I made it in time anyway.”
If it was just a little too late to open Mu Tae, he would have greeted the army of angels without waking Mudeung Ryong.
“Come on, go. Get access to our core. Hear about everything in this world there.”
I guessed, but I asked first.
“How do you wake up?”
“Mudeungryong only made a condition.”
Nodding her head, Sirone opened her senses and looked down at the ground.
‘There is no form.’
The mountain range disappeared, and I could see something sleeping in the void between the information.
‘ wow??????
Huge information made of golden light.
‘That’s Kara Torsa.’ It was time itself.
‘ Goes.’
Since distance has no meaning in the state of nothingness, Sirone’s figure disappeared in an instant.
Blitz looked up at the sky and murmured.
“The end of time… …
Sirone, who penetrated the realm of matter and matter as it was, arrived in front of a huge golden information.
“I heard you want to meet me
yo. this.”
The dragon-shaped light did not respond, and Sirone slowly held out his hand.
‘Conflicts may occur.’
If Mudeungryong’s consciousness causes a backlash, the number of converting that information into physical force would be close to disaster.
‘But I won’t.’
It means that he foresaw today’s events from the fact that he walked on the condition of the 10th sense, state of invincibility.
Sirone’s hand disintegrated with a signal and gently touched the surface of the golden information.
“ah??????
Karatorsa’s information rose like a haze, and both eyes opened with a white light.
“It’s Yahweh’s information.”
A voice that transcended words penetrated Sirone’s consciousness.
“You who seek meaning at the end of the void, why did you come to me?”
“Heaven’s armies will invade this world. I heard you have something to pass on to me.”
“An angel… …
After waking up after a long time, Karatorsa recalled the battle with the angel that had been going on for a long time.
“Are you omnipotent?”
Can you dismantle all the signals in this world?
“yes.”
When Sirone nodded in response, Kara Torsa slowly stood up.
‘I feel like I’m getting bigger.’
An indescribable sense of exhilaration flooded Sirone’s consciousness, which was connected by a signal.
“Then I will tell you.”
Karatorsa, shining golden, looked down at Sirone and burned her eyes.
“All the information in this world.”
It is called omniscience.
Ikael’s voice resounded as he rode the Ataraxia, a super-magic booster.
“The reason we came here is to once again color this land with God’s mercy. The omnipotent Anchera entrusted the work to one human being.”
Ikael took a breath and said.
“The enlightened one.”
it’s dahlia
“So the first thing we have to do is to seek him out. From now on, according to the archangel’s order… …
As Ikael’s voice echoed, the giants sitting on the ground grumbled.
“Anyway, talk a lot. We just have to fight.”
He didn’t put mountains under his feet like other giants, but that was proof of his strength.
“Isn’t it?”
Girshin, the giant corps leader, turned to the person who was sitting cross-legged and resting his chin on his chin.
“You are the king of giants.”
Ymir raised the corners of his mouth thickly.
“Hey, leave it alone. Once we start, not even the archangel will be able to stop us.”
Unlike someone who waited for today trapped in the ice of Helheim, he was overflowing with composure.
‘It’s free.’
I couldn’t even remember how long it had been since I had stepped on the battlefield in the state of my body.
“Let’s have fun. Even entertainment like this.” Ikael gave the mission.
“First, the angels look down and survey the entire terrain… …
Son Yoo-jung shouted from the ground.
“Oh, little! shut up!”
Mara and others trembled at the fact that Ataraxia had stopped talking while it was expanding.
“Is that really human?”
It was actually a monkey.
As the woman’s stick held by her toes stretched, it rose to Ikael’s height.
“It’s in the Buddha’s palm, but if we need it, he’ll find it. Do you think I came to meet that old man? Satan, where is that child! Find it quickly!”
“Yoojung, there is an order to work. If you disobey the archangel’s order, no matter how you… …
“Oh, I don’t know! I will find it!”
As Yu-jeong pulled Yeoui-bong and flew through the air, an explosion at the speed of sound was immediately heard.
Compressing the atmosphere and flying, it seemed as if they were moving on clouds.
Ikael’s henchman, Mara Ashur of the Three Heads asked.
“Should I go after him and kill him?”
“Leave it alone. More important is to control the laws of this world. Uriel.”
“Please tell me.”
Ikael amplified his senses and surveyed the planet.
“South. This is where the human law works most powerfully. Go and deal with it.”
Uriel turned to Shion.
“… … Pagye?”
“It is as you have heard.”
“All right.”
Uriel, who rotated the goon of paradise, quickly left the army as he ascended to the oblique line.
‘Is there a maze over there?’
Arriving at the South Pole, he looked down at the scene of Zion covered with white ice.
‘It doesn’t matter.’
Whatever exists will cease to exist.
‘Ragnarok.’
As Uriel’s judicial halo rotates at the speed of light, it accumulates the concept of destruction.
“Oohhhh!”
As the angel’s armor was covered with white electricity, lightning flashed and thunder erupted in all directions.
“What, what!”
The monks of Zion, who were in an emergency, discovered the lightning that filled the sky and put their hands together.
“It must be stopped!”
Qurrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr!
A roar that seemed to rip through the heavens exploded, and Yuriel’s body was struck like lightning.
“this!”
and the next moment.
‘Damn it!’
A cataclysmic blow that collapsed the entire Antarctic continent hit the planet.
continues in the next volume

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-899.txt
=============YYYYY=============
Omega(1)
“Is it a start?”
Electricity flowed through the eyes of Blitz, who was examining the Alpones Mountains from the sky.
Through the interactive network, the thoughts of Mudeungryong Kara Torsa were being conveyed.
‘Dragon.’
The language of dragons is binary.
‘The smallest unit of information forming a form.’ so it is clear
‘In human language, red has a spectrum close to infinity… …
Binary numbers can accurately represent all kinds of red in the universe.
‘There is no distortion in our conversation.’ The end of infinite retreat.
It was the reason why Balaur could build a huge database to share each other’s thoughts.
‘But even so, it’s just reading information.’
The Ultima system recorded in the Balaur database was not at this level.
‘1 digit.’
The Ultima system can accept all signals in this world by itself.
‘In a completely dismantled world, what you’re facing is probably empty… …
No information actually exists.
‘You have the only thing that can dwell in that desolate void.’
heart [heart].
Where there is nothing, only the mind flows.
‘That’s what humans are.’
Sooner or later Sirone will find out.
‘Only humans can transcend the administrator’s authority and strike the outside world.’
This was possible when all minds and all quantum signals were integrated into one.
‘The Gaians were like that.’
Conflict between the Ultima System and the Akashic Records.
“It is also something you should see.” Blitz’s gaze pierced the illusion of the Alpones Mountains and penetrated deep underground.
Sirone, engulfed in the huge light of Karatorsa, stopped thinking and opened her mouth.
“Are you talking about all the information in the world, batteries?”
Sirone’s Ultima system accepted Karatorsa’s binary numbers without difficulty.
“It is not like academic knowledge defined by humans. Knowledge is, after all, the realm of interpretation. What I want to convey is something that exists by itself. It is knowledge.”
Light oppressed Sirone as if it had mass.
“I am Kara Torsa, the guardian of time. There is no phenomenon without time. It can’t be hot, it can’t melt, it can’t freeze.”
So it was indifferent.
“Only I can lay out the fleeting signals that make up this world in units of time. And now I will give you the record. The whole world, the beginning and end of time.”
A powerful voice permeated.
“Battery, Omega.”
Knowledge is contained in the flow of time.
‘The history of everything.’
Sirone recalled the day he completed the spine of knowledge in the Great Library of the Ogent family.
‘Wizard’s way.’
That’s when everything started.
And now, the seeker of truth was trying to contain everything in this world.
“I will accept it.”
An endless amount of data began to permeate through Sirone’s light.
“It will be a long trip.”
Literally the beginning of the universe.
Returning to that point, Sirone’s ego gradually faded and completely disappeared.
“iced coffee.”
everything was pouring in.
In the beginning there was light.
‘Huh!’
A flash of light exploded in Sirone’s vision, who opened his eyes in an indescribable shock.
‘I am……
Karatorsa’s record is binary information
was infinitely listed, but ‘Ankera?’
With her 10 senses that transcended time and space, Sirone absorbed the whole of this world.
‘What is it?’
What I felt when I realized that Ankera existed for the first time was the question of cause and effect.
‘Did I have a dream?’
Wasn’t it possible that he suddenly came into existence?
‘Or is this a dream?’
Anke Ra, who had been agonizing over a world without even time, finally came to a conclusion.
“I can not know.”
Some kind of world might have actually existed, or it could have been just an illusion without a subject.
“It is all that I perceive.”
Mind Program God.
The mind of Ankera, who first perceived the world, spread through quantum signals.
Eight concepts were separated in the unified field, and the universe was formed according to the speed of time.
Numerous planets, including the sun, began to operate according to their own rules by the first power.
‘The beginning of the law.’
It is impossible to predict by human thinking, but from this moment on, the cause and effect have already been determined.
According to the causal law, what could be called life in the Goldilocks realm was born.
‘cell.’
The simplest organic material has undergone numerous species experiments, repeating evolution and selection.
The environment was still harsh.
“Taesung.”
From the boiling sea, Argones, the father of creatures, slowly rose to land.
“The strongest life form was born.”
When Argones, who had uttered such words, did not move and opened his mouth again, a huge amount of time had passed.
“It’s a mutation.”
Where Taeseong turned his head, the strongest creature that Sirone knew was flying in the sky.
‘Kara Torsa.’
Taeseong said while many dragons, including Mudeungryong, occupied land, sea, and air.
“They are poor children.”
Argones agreed.
“Over time, the environment will stabilize. If that species is preserved, the balance of the biological world will be destroyed.”
It was a kind of prototype.
“If possible now… …
As Argones felt alive in his body, Tae-seong looked back with a sad expression.
“I think all lives are precious.”
“Is it a personal opinion? It’s unusual.”
As beings born by the same Ankera, it was strange that their thoughts were so different.
“These are my children. It’s all my fault. If I had made a better environment… …
“The law has no meaning.”
Argones stopped talking.
“We are in the infancy of the world. The wavelength generated when it leans to one side will grow out of control as time goes by. I exist for the living world, not for a specific creature.”
Sirone realized that the antagonism between Argones and Gaia had begun.
‘but… …
Obviously, even in the era where Sirone lived, dragons existed as apostles of time.
‘What happened?’ Omega flowed again.
The battery was perfecting as all the events that unified time and space flowed in.
Aaaaaang!
The dragon’s roar was transmitted in the language of binary numbers and realized in Sirone’s senses.
A meteorite was falling while dozens of broken moons embroidered the sky with fragments.
“why… …
Caratorosa, pinned to the ground, staggered and raised his head slowly.
“Are you trying to destroy us?”
“Because it is strong.”
Argones’ voice was cold.
“There are no predictable categories for creatures, but you guys have become too strong. You can consider it an honor.”
At first, it was just a strong creature.
However, the tremendous cognitive ability created by the extreme environment continues to regress infinitely… … .
‘The source of the world.’
It has reached the stage of dominating the phenomenon.
“How could that be the reason for extinction?”
“I don’t know.”
Not even Argones.
“We exist for no reason, and all history is accomplished by a mission that transcends this world.”
“Are you talking about the outside world?” Ankera defined everything in this world, but there was one unknown fact.
where do i come from
“Life receives the genes of its ancestors. But Anke is different. When a being is born from nothing, can you imagine the thought of that being? It’s just a mission. A mission to fill this world with life.”
“What if that mission changes someday?”
Argones tilted his head and answered after another huge delay.
“No matter how the whole changes, that is the whole.”
“Then what is the meaning of living things? Only Ankera can dream a new dream. If all creatures reset, what are we doing now?”
“… … What do you want to say?”
“It is about your authority. If such a situation arises, as the director of all living things, I cannot say that you are not at fault.”
Ankera, Gaia, and Argones were born with the mission to manage the world given to each of them.
‘My mission… …
Karatorsa said.
“I will keep it.”
Argones raised his head.
“what?”
“Even if Anchera dreams a new dream, I will protect the dreams of all creatures. Become an apostle of time… …
Cara Torsa raised her huge body and looked down at Argones with many dragons on her back.
“History will not change.”
Argones was lost in thought.
‘It is a very peculiar creature. mutant? But that would also be nothing more than the cause and effect of the law.’
I wanted to think that there must be a reason for existence.
“I will be watching.”
When Argones, who had allowed the dragons to be preserved, turned and walked away, Taeseong appeared.
“what?”
“I’m glad I can protect the children.”
Taeseong added with a smile.
“honey.”
“… … joy.”
Leaving a cold answer behind, Taeseong turned around and said as he passed by.
“See you often.”
It was just such a world.
The era when they thought they were everything without even knowing the true meaning of their mission.
Sirone endlessly accepted Omega.
And at some point, you feel an event that will shake the foundation of this world with your 10 senses.
“It feels good.”
Now, in a stable environment, Argones and Taeseong looked down at the creatures on the ground.
“yes. It resembles you.”
Like humans born from the earth, men had rough skin, but women had smooth skin like wet mud.
All of them had sharp impressions, and the metallic hair that came down to the waist gave a strong feeling.
“Should I call you Gaia?”
At Argones’ words, Taeseong turned his head.
“Can you really?”
“The form resembles me, but everything about them comes from you. You better call me Gaia.”
Taeseong was happy.
“Our children…
At that moment, Argones’ eyes widened and a serious light began to shine.
“what?”
Feeling the same thing, Taeseong looked up at the sky, and Sirone also matched her gaze.
‘It’s not the sky.’
Countless flashes of light, probably from outside the world, were being shot at the Gaians.
Enter user code – link.
The Gaians who received the signal lifted their heads, and golden electricity shone in their eyes.
“Big!” A man with a frown on his face soon put on a calm expression and hurried around him.
“Are you here? It’s terribly desolate. That won’t be much fun.”
A woman resembling a wolf approached him, alternately checking her hands.
“We are the first. If the missing link code gets caught anyway, I’ll forget everything, but it’s a bit uncomfortable. It is usually completed in the fetal state.”
The woman made a hazy expression while other users were already losing their memories.
“ah… … I am coming too.” The pupil light was going out.
“Have a good day. See you in the next life.” The woman’s memory was blocked, and the man also looked up at the sky and waited for the right time.
“… … It is the beginning of an endless cycle of reincarnations.” Argones came.
“What are you guys?”
The moment the man turned his head and smiled, Argones was in pure shock.
U | 99
It seemed that no being in the world could display such complete arrogance.
‘The light in those eyes.’ Where does that light that looks down on everything in the world come from?
‘ like??????
He seemed to be saying this.
i am your god

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-9.txt
=============YYYYY=============
Please enable JavaScript
The Great Training Grounds.
Arriving on time, Shirone saw Rian waiting for him.
The two stared at each other’s swords without moving from their spots, as if the battle had already begun.
“Let’s get started.”
Rian’s weapon was also a longsword.
The subversive and vigorous swordsmanship of the Ogent family was originally more suitable for greatswords rather than longswords… Until Schema came about..
Therefore, the reason why they chose the longsword was because it was more suitable with Schema, not for consideration towards the opponent.
Rian carefully observed the Stillness Encompassing Movement learned by Shirone in the beginner level of swordsmanship.
His center of gravity was better than before.
‘Is that really possible?’
Rian, who discovered Rai’s genius traits in Shirone, suddenly had a thought.
‘That guy might really not have learned swordsmanship.’
‘But… How can you be so calm when you’re holding a real sword for the first time? Aren’t you afraid of death?’
Rian also feared death. Therefore, he trained endlessly in order to gain the courage to face it.
‘No matter how talented you are, catching up to me this quickly is impossible… So how?’
Of course, Shirone knew.
As a beginner, he couldn’t flexibly control this life-and-death duel as well as Rian could.
Therefore, he developed a special training.
‘If you can’t beat fear, then simply understand it.’
It’s called ‘jumping off the cliff.’
Human beings were capable of jumping off cliffs if they didn’t imagine what would happen after.
‘Fear exists in the future, and the future is just an illusion that doesn’t exist yet.’
Like a dictator of absolute power enjoying a dinner calmly before a rebellion, Shirone imagined himself standing on a cliff.
His body remained in the air when his right foot stuck out in front of the cliff as his left foot followed.
‘You’re not falling until you fall. You’re not dead until you die.’
Understanding the essence of danger, Shrione knew that that cold intelligence was sometimes scarier than a warrior’s bravery.
And the cool-headed consciousness of Shirone boosted the Spirit Zone’s sense of stability drastically.
“Here I come!!”
Rian was approaching before Shirone knew it.
There seemed to be a flash of light in front of Shirone, and it was definitely a whole different level of swordsmanship compared to his meager level.
‘But… I can feel it.’
Recognizing the trajectory of the sword through synesthesia, Shirone calmly titled his upper body.
Rian stared in shock as his sword was dodged, both of his eyes opening wide.
‘He’s looking at the sword?’
To dodge a real sword required one to stare at it, which was something most trainees couldn’t do.
However, swords were also infinite.
As the number of attacks gradually increased, Shirone’s synesthesia began to develop blind spots.
The moment the blade cut his chest, the Spirit Zone suddenly wavered.
Shirone’s heart sank.
‘Dang it!’
At this rate, he would be beaten.
Contrary to expectations, however, Rian still continued with his big attacks.
Thanks to this, Shirone, who predicted the next trajectory, jumped away to avoid the danger of death.
‘How come…’
If Rian had slashed at his side, the duel would have ended then and there.
However, Rian continued to make big moves as if he didn’t realize Shirone was taken aback.
Only then did Shirone realize.
‘My understanding of swordsmanship is quite lower than I expected.’
Although Rian was skilled at using techniques, he didn’t seem to be putting much thought into his attacks.
‘Then…’
Shirone realized he had overestimated Rian’s skills.
It was dangerous to let your guard down, but to label the enemy as too strong was also a mistake as one would become too defensive.
‘I’ll attack.’
When Shirone suddenly changed his strategy and launched an offensive, Rian got staggered.
“Keuk!”
As such, dozens of combinations rained down on Rian, and due to the tension, his defense started to drop.
‘Damn it! This is not happening! This can’t be happening!’
‘Those are definitely basic swings… But why are they so hard to block?! I can’t even clearly see the attacks!’
Rai suddenly came to his mind.
The detestable face that overpowered him with one hand and sneered at him in a match two years ago.
“Don’t make me laugh!”
Rian shouted.
“I’m gonna become the best swordsman in the world!”
Shirone thought it was strange.
He acknowledged the spirit of Rian, who continued to fight back despite fighting a losing battle, but in this way, his only ending would be death.
‘Does he not want to live? Why are you being so stubborn? Does he even think?’
‘Huh?’
At one point, Shirone realized that he could no longer read Rian’s movements.
Predicting a swordsman who emptied their mind and swung blindly was quite difficult.
“I won’t lose! I’ll definitely surpass you!”
As Shirone’s stamina bottomed out, Rian realized he had a chance at victory.
Shirone had saved his stamina as efficiently as possible, but there was still a huge difference between the two. Shirone’s sword began to feel heavy.
“This is it!”
Rian, who came running with his longsword hanging down, swung it up towards Shirone’s chin.
“KEUK!”
Shirone responded by swinging his sword down with all his might.
With the sound of the clashing blades, a sword soared into the sky and embedded itself far away from the training ground.
Silence.
The two who breathed in harsh, rugged breaths stared at each other.
[Translator – Anwen]
[Proofreader – Enigami]
Rian lowered his gaze first.
He saw Shirone’s sword pointing at his stomach.
‘Just before our swords clashed…’
Come and read on our website wuxia worldsite. Thanks
Shirone swung his wrist and struck Rian’s sword from the bottom.
In addition to the force brought about by Shirone’s swing, Rian, who was also low on stamina from having to block the continuous strikes from Shirone, eventually lost his grip on the sword.
‘Is that even possible?’
It was not a technique Rian could attempt with confidence.
His sole purpose was to win, and due to his cool-headedness, Shirone won the duel. However, he did not relax.
“Haah… Haah.”
He wanted to immediately lay on the ground, but he couldn’t let Rian nullify his hard-earned victory.
And in the next moment.
“Dang it. I lost…”
Rian passively admitted his defeat.
“Ah, I lost. I lost again.”
His malice disappeared, and instead, Rian just scratched his head roughly.
He trained past his limits and fought as best as he could, so he didn’t have any regrets.
“You won. I have nothing else to say, so you may now kill me.”
How could someone be so immature?
“Are you kidding me?”
“What?”
“You think I’ll survive if I kill you? What a ridiculous thing to say.”
“What do you mean? We fought with our lives on the line, and there was a clear winner.”
“Young master, you’re the only one who laid your life on the line! I just fought FOR my life! What makes this ridiculous duel more absurd is that this only started because you hid from training, and then blamed me for snitching on you.”
Rian was taken aback.
After a fierce battle, even if there wasn’t a heartwarming atmosphere, shouldn’t there be at least some passionate emotions left?
“Hey, you jerk! Who put the blame on you? It was because of that petty, mannerless attitude of yours! Despite the fact we had met for the first time that day, you should have had at least a small pinch of loyalty!”
“HAH?! Loyalty?!”
“What did you just say, you punk?”
Shirone could not put up with it anymore.
He turned a blind eye to it considering his life was on the line, but since the problem was now solved, he couldn’t keep his temper in check.
“You call that loyalty? Did you ever consider the position I was in? I had to choose between the Lord’s son and a teacher assigned by the Lord! Yet you asked me for such a favor despite knowing that?!”
“Huh? Of c—”
“If you want loyalty from me, then you should show you’re worth it! You should be ashamed of yourself for putting that much pressure on a servant! You should have stepped in front of your swordsman instructor! Isn’t that a true act of loyalty?”
Rian pursed his lips in embarrassment.
Shirone figured Rian out as he did not argue or make excuses.
He was not someone to make up stuff. He just didn’t speak because he had nothing to say.
However, hating that attitude more, Shirone stopped nagging and sat down.
“Sigh! I almost died!”
Rian stared at Shirone carefully.
The boy who overcame the fear of death and pushed him back was long gone.
Who was he? It was obvious that he was a genius, but he wasn’t Rai.
Unlike his brother, who wielded a sword with one hand accompanied by a smile, this boy gave his all against him.
“Hey, what’s your name?”
Shirone raised his head. From his sitting position, Rian looked bigger.
“My name’s Shirone Arian.”
“I’m Rian Ogent.”
It was funny how two people from different social stratas introduced themselves, but that wasn’t what shocked Shirone.
‘Does he think I wouldn’t know the name of the family’s youngest son?’
Irrespective of that look on his face, Shirone’s head raised higher as Rian approached.
A hand the size of a cauldron lid was shoved into his face.
“Let’s be friends. What do you think?”
It has been a year since Shirone first started working under the Ogent family.
By the time Shirone turned 16, more than 7,000 books from the Great Library were taken out.
Temuran was blown away by Shirone’s amazing speed, but Shirone already predicted that much.
This was because it was natural that as the number of books to classify decreased, efficiency accelerated.
Constant velocity was only a theoretical concept, yet every event in this world was influenced by acceleration.
Therefore, even if the start was slow, as long as one didn’t give up and continued to work hard, one could achieve their goal much quicker than expected.
Of the 850 historical books that he targeted, only about 200 remained.
The average number of books he read per day was over three, and in a few months, the Core of Knowledge that Shirone dreamed of would be completed.
In addition, he experienced swordsmanship and understood the essence of fear.
Thanks to this, the durability of the Spirit Zone had also increased dramatically.
Therefore, the one year he spent here was fruitful and valuable… However, none of the benefits could compare to making a good friend.
“There are an extreme amount of books. Do you think my family has read all this?”
Rian, who became Shirone’s friend after the match, spent the freetime he had in the library.
Infact, unlike his size, he was affectionate and winsome.
He fit the role of youngest son of a noble family.
“Of course. The family leader and the young master often stop by the library.”
“Tsk, smart people are lucky since they have so much to read.”
Rian, who was sitting on the floor, started rummaging through books.
Shirone came down from the ladder and picked up the books. After doing so, he began to nag.
“Don’t throw them around so carelessly. If you damage anything, I’m the one who’s going to have to pay for it. Probably with my life.”
“I don’t like that either. Does it make sense that books are more important than human lives? Even if you burn the library to the ground, I’ll protect you, so don’t worry.”
“Just stop doing what you’re doing, then nothing bad will happen, so the solution is just to be careful.”
Playful words never came out of Shirone’s mouth.
But that was who Shirone was.
He was firm and strict, but he wasn’t cold.
Rian liked that about Shirone.
“It’s fun to be with you, but it’s stifling to be stuck in the library.”
“Why are you even here? What about your training?”
“Basic training only. I told him I wanted to study in the library.”
Shirone’s body shook.
“Then you should hurry up and study! What are you doing?!”
“I’m bored! I’m bored! I’m bored!”
Rian was lying on his back, flailing his limbs about as he acted like a baby.
Regardless, Shirone turned away and went to his desk.
He wasn’t particularly worried about Rian’s laziness.
If Shirone’s tendency was water, Rian’s was fire. A fire that grows out of control once it burns.
‘He just needs a trigger!’

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-90.txt
=============YYYYY=============
[90] Group (6)
“Light is beauty.”
“yes? I beg your pardon?”
Alpheas asked. It was natural that he did not know photonics, but this kind of answer was unexpected.
“The light is beautiful. Flowers are beautiful too. We are beautiful too. But the light you speak of… … It doesn’t sound pretty.”
Alpheas felt like he had been hit in the head with a hammer. It was a direct hit in the form of a pure thought that could not be cast into words.
“Yeah, that’s right. But why is light so beautiful?”
To Alpheas, light was just a photon. But Erina, as if she knew everything, answered without hesitation.
“The light shows the darkness. How do we see the night sky without light?”
The world has gone silent. like the universe
Alpheas didn’t say anything. The thoughts he really wanted poured over his head like a waterfall.
Why would you want to differentiate between the two? If you take a step back, you can see it so clearly.
Because it is beautiful.
Any contradiction becomes no contradiction.
“It is beauty. You are so beautiful, Ms. Erina.”
Erina turned her head while smiling innocently like a child. The moment he saw her smile, Alfeas made up his mind.
To remember this moment for the rest of my life.
Alpheas knelt down to Erina. Then, in her most polite gesture, she held out her right hand.
“Please be my light.”
That night 40 years ago.
Confession under the moonlight was a happy memory to Alpheas that could not be exchanged with the rest of the world. A gentle smile appeared on his lips as the Abyss Nova curtain was lifted.
Reversed Master/Servant (1)
Canis glared at the white light burning on Sirone’s palm. It was an overwhelming presence. Of course, he had the belligerence to run towards death without hesitation. He just thought that even if he died, he had to find his money.
– Harvey. I’m on the side of fighting let’s stick
– That magic. How fast? It may not be possible to avoid it.
– You can block it.
– If you can’t stop it, you die. If you die, I will perish too. I’ll have to fight in the end, but there are too many variables.
Exchanging opinions at the speed of thought was a huge advantage in battle. However, there was also a disadvantage of not knowing what kind of judgment to make if opinions were divided into extremes.
“How did this happen?”
It was an unexpected voice that broke the atmosphere of the confrontation. A shadow rushed in from the cliff like water, and a scrawny old man rose to the surface of the darkness.
It was Archmage Arcane.
The impression of Arcane, who grasped the situation at a glance, was crumpled. The reason why he was able to do his best in Etela was because he was convinced that the situation here had already been sorted out.
Arcane believed in Canis. No, he firmly believed in Harvest, who was subordinate to Kanis.
However, when I arrived, the situation was completely different from what I expected.
Lucas is down with a miserable face, and Canis and Harvest are being threatened by a youngster.
“Sorry, Master.”
Arcane was not a generous person. Ignoring Canis’ apology, he turned coldly and glared at Sirone.
‘I heard it looks familiar.’
He resembles Alpheas. Rather than the face or appearance, the temperament felt throughout was similar. It was the same with the spirit of speaking confidently even in the eyes of the archmage.
“Did you plan this?”
“Young people are cheeky. What is your name?”
“I don’t want to tell the murderer his name. Get rid of your mind right now and leave school. Otherwise, I won’t let you go.”
“Heh heh heh.”
Arcane burst out laughing. I wasn’t angry. However, the criterion for him killing someone was not anger, but how much fun he could have. In that sense, sirone was a ripe fruit that could be cut right away.
“I’m sorry, but I can’t release mind control. Because the disciples of Alpheas must die.”
Sensing a sense of death, Shirone fired the photon cannon without realizing it, with goosebumps all over her body.
It was obviously an accidental shot.
Arcane lightly turned and evaded the photon cannon. And he turned around only after confirming that the magic had dissipated.
“The radius of the Spirit Zone is 52.7 meters. That’s quite right. That’s pretty good for his age.”
Even if it is a photon, the ideal velocity containing mass cannot exceed the scope of the physical world. However, since there is a basic speed of photon output, it was much faster than most flying objects. It was not human sense to evade the photon cannon for an instant and measure the radius of the spirit zone.
Sirone gritted his teeth and compressed the photons again. He met a master whose competence he couldn’t figure out, but he had no choice but to fight to stop hundreds of students from free falling down a cliff.
“Stop it, Sirone.”
Ethella walked out of the mountain. Her clothes were torn, exposing her bare skin, and she was covered in dirt from head to toe.
“Don’t rush into it. Arcane is a dangerous character.”
Arcane’s brow wrinkled. She enjoyed her battles with her, but her food, which had already been trampled and soiled, had long been erased from her memory.
“The loser has a thick face. If you saved your life, you should cherish it.”
Sirone and the others were shocked. Could it be that Miss Ethella was defeated by an old man with only her bones left? Bishop of the Karsis Monastery. Jonah, the authority of the Spirit Zone. Certified 6th class wizard. Her titles that qualifies her are not something she can afford to take care of.
“Nonsense. Teacher Ethella… … .”
Nade wondered if it was possible. Of course, there are 5th and 4th graders in the world, but I couldn’t even imagine what level it was to be stronger than Etella.
Sirone asked while supporting Ethella.
“Are you okay, sir?”
“so so. But it will take time to recover.”
“What happened? Who is that? Why are you doing this?”
“Viltor Arcane. He’s an archmage who rose to the unofficial level 3 40 years ago.”
The eyes of Sirone and the others wavered. Any magic school student knows what an unofficial 3rd class is like.
The wizard’s grade is classified into 10 levels, but there is a specific section where the honor and achievement points that must be accumulated for promotion jump unimaginably high.
It was the 7th grade to the 6th grade, and the 4th grade to the 3rd grade.
If the 6th grade was the executive level of the wizard society, the 3rd grade was a position that could take the head of the kingdom’s core facilities. Considering that even Alfeas, a certified 4th-class wizard, was the principal of a private school, it was possible to guess how high-ranking a wizard Arcane was.
“Arcane has a grudge against the principal. She won’t back down until she gets what she wants.”
“You talk a lot over and over again. Complaining to your disciple will only make you more miserable.”
“I am not interested in winning. I am a teacher. I will do anything to protect my students.”
“so? What can you do? Do you think you can stop me now, who couldn’t win even if I attacked with all my might?”
“The bluff is too much. Arcane.”
Arcane’s impression changed terribly.
“Obviously I couldn’t stop you. But you also don’t have the mental strength left to focus on battle, right?”
Ethella’s words were half right and half wrong. In fact, the magical power of the Arcane who cast the Dark Family was only 10% of the normal state. However, it was 10% of the Archmage. It was enough power to sweep away the exhausted Ethella and her fluffy youngsters.
“Times have changed. I asked him to come because it was cute, and he didn’t even know the subject and fluttered his snout?”
Arcane raised his magic power. It was 10% left to kill Alpheas, but it didn’t matter. Troublesome calculations did not fit his outlook on life.
“Master, leave it to me.”
Canis interrupted. Abyss Nova is a gigantic magic that consumes so much mental power that ordinary wizards cannot even try. If he cast such magic and went through battle, even Master would not be in a normal state.
Arcane looked back at Canis displeasedly. He could not tolerate challenging authority, even as a disciple. However, after thinking it through, he turned to Sirone with an interesting expression.
“Hey, sweetheart. Are you also a disciple of Alpheas?”
“Don’t call the principal by name, even though he’s a murderer.”
“Kkeukkeuk! Is that so? You seem to respect him quite a bit.”
Sirone didn’t even feel the need to answer. How could she not respect her? Alpheas was the one who opened his eyes to magic and the benefactor who enrolled him, a commoner, in magic school.
“It doesn’t matter if you’re an archmage or a third-class. Compared to the Headmaster, you are not even a wizard.”
“Puhahaha! Fuhahahaha!”
Arcane burst into laughter. But his eyes were burning with anger.
‘Alpheas. How long have you been living under pretense? don’t you know That you don’t deserve to be respected by anyone.’
Having made a decision, Arcane nodded.
“good night. It would be fun to watch the disciples fight. Canis. Contend with him.”
“yes. Thank you, Master.”
Canis finally felt relieved. It was an opportunity for him to make up for the mistakes he had made so far. However, Harvest had a different idea.
– Canis. Think again. Better leave it to Arcane.
– What are you talking about? I’ve already disappointed Master. Now, even if I die, I have to defeat Sirone.
It was never a good thing to have disagreements with each other in a situation where a battle was ahead.
– Harvest. Answer me. No matter how much you are, you can’t give up this much. We will fight unconditionally.
Harvest had no answer until the end. I was embarrassed because I had never been like this before. However, he couldn’t show weakness as long as Arcane was watching.
Using the Dark Fort, he moved to the place where Sirone was in an instant, and Sirone cast teleportation and flew off the cliff. This was to ensure that the students were not affected as much as possible.
“joy! Are we going to have a dogfight?”
If the night sky was covered with darkness, it was not a disadvantageous field for Canis, who moved to the Dark Fort.
On top of a 1,000-meter-high cliff, the two spread their firepower while flying reminiscent of every fight.
Sirone condensed seven photons in front of her and fired them all at once. The Photon Cannon, which was activated in the infinite realm, was several times stronger than before, but the repulsive force was as great as that.
Every time I cast magic, my consciousness went away moment by moment. The infinite realm that threatens the opponent and at the same time collapses one’s own mental power was definitely a double-edged sword.
“What about that… … .”
Ethella blankly looked up at the sky. Her shockwave-generating photon output was something she had never seen before.
A dazzling beam of light from the Photon Cannon split the night sky. It was as if a golden pen was being stroked on a black canvas.
Iruki and Nade were mesmerized by the beam of light. Indiscriminately firing a powerful photon cannon with a single shot was tantamount to weaponizing a human named Sirone.
“It is also great. But would that be okay?”
“I just have to believe it. You did well at the presentation.”
“But it was different from then. It’s a situation where you’re fighting for your life right now. You may cross the line without even realizing it.”
Ethella looked back at the two and asked.
“What do you mean? So you’re saying Sirone has been to Immortal Function before?”
“yes? Oh, that’s true… … These days, it seems like I do it whenever I’m bored.”
Ethella sighed. That she wouldn’t even pretend to be careful when I warned her that her life could be lost. Well, if it wasn’t for that passion, such rapid growth wouldn’t have been possible.
—————————————

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-900.txt
=============YYYYY=============
Omega(2)
Zion.
Antarctica, which was hit directly by Uriel’s Ragnarok, continued to crack and tear apart.
As the monk’s temple collapsed, Arius hurriedly escaped.
“Keong kong! growl!”
Although his eyes were not removed, he had already experienced the presence in the air.
“Heaven’s army!”
The monks who guarded Zion immediately took action, but there was nothing they could do.
“The author… …
A majestic vibration was spreading around Yuriel flying through the sky.
‘archangel. All in all, now… …
There was no way to stop the archangel in a situation where most of the executives, including Miro, were away.
“Humans.”
As the body of the giant landed on the ground with a thump, the monks each signed their hand.
“Hmm.”
Uriel looked around.
As the ice melted due to the extreme heat, steam was rising from all sides.
“Where is the maze?”
Dharma of the Eternal community who joined Shion walked to Yuriel representing everyone.
Behind her were Hyega, a disciple of Dharma, and Sky Yugo, who was once an Ivory Tower candidate.
“Dharma.”
The ranks of archangels and subjects are far away, but Dharma and Hye of the Eternals community also knew Yuriel.
“Are you betraying me?”
“A seeker is one who advances in search of what is right. Those left behind will feel betrayed… …
Fighting spirit rose from Daruma’s body.
“That’s why you can’t catch a rotten string.”
Uriel, who was listening calmly, felt the force of the law tightening from all sides.
At the same time, Dharma held out his fist.
‘Pungnyu Geumgangwon!’
As the atmosphere compressed, a wind that looked like it had been stamped out of the shape of a fist hit Yuriel.
“Now!”
Yuriel’s body was pushed back several tens of meters with a thud, and all the monks maximized the law.
“Redeemer!”
Angels born from certain concepts have a weakness that makes them vulnerable to the Law of Opposition.
It was for this reason that Ikael ordered to strike Zion first upon arriving on this planet.
“That’s ridiculous.”
Even the law that sealed the psychic realm was insufficient to block the concept of Uriel.
“No, it always has been.”
Adrias Miro.
“Isn’t it a race of non-Rus who squeezed out one person’s life and endured?”
Each angel has a different opinion, but Miro was the only human that Uriel recognized.
“Destroy it.”
Uriel’s celestial sword was born outside the elbow and rotated at a terrifying speed.
Hey hey hey hey!
Just hearing the burst of air made the monks’ faces pale.
“Chun Bo-ryun.”
Hyega held out her one arm when the black disk flew.
‘Keumgangseong!’
His body shone transparently, and the air around him turned into diamonds 40 meters thick.
“Gagging!”
The moment Cheon Bo-ryun was thrown into it, Hye-ga’s focus shook terribly.
‘I can’t stand it.’
When the defensive wall was tilted diagonally, Cheonbo-ryun began to climb while scratching the surface.
“Aaaaaaaaa!”
I bounced off the Cheonbo-ryun, but after a while, the huge diamond cracked with a squeak.
“this??????
Hye-ga’s eyes, looking at the crack running towards her, contained feelings of resignation.
“Hye Ga! Avoid!”
As soon as Dharma’s cry ended, Hyega’s body, which had turned into diamonds, was shattered into pieces.
“Hye Ga!”
Dharma, bloodshot in his eyes, rushed toward Yuriel, frantically extending his fists.
bang! bang! bang! bang! bang!
Just as Uriel was using the Geon of Paradise to knock out the gold fist, Yue Go attacked from the side.
‘dump!’
As the incarnation of the crusader in white armor poured out cause and effect at the same time, three swords flew from all sides.
“Tsu……”
Uriel’s displeased voice.
Hearing the ominous vibration, Hugo saw a huge judicial halo in his eyes.
‘Ragnarok.’
As white electricity wrapped around Yuriel’s body, thunder broke out.
Woooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooh!
Even Dharma, who had a strong sense of duty after Hyega’s death, stopped walking at this moment.
“Unbelievable… …
Hugo disappeared without a trace, and the ice continent was evaporating along Uriel’s movement.
‘Does it make such a difference?’ He didn’t know about the archangels, but even among the same archangels, they were armed on a different level.
‘This is Uriel.’
In terms of fighting power, the rumor that he was on par with the archangel Ikael was not an exaggeration.
Dharma asked.
“What do you want?”
“Destruction.”
Uriel pointed at the monks.
“Those who betray God will face disaster.”
“He is not our god.”
“There is only one God.”
Armed with extremely simple logic, there would be no way to convince Yuriel.
“I will fight.”
Behind Dharma, the monks refined their fighting spirit.
“Humans are really strange.”
It was a question that arose after Miro blocked the army of Heaven by creating a space-time barrier.
“Are you going to fight a fight you can’t win?”
“You don’t know… …
Dharma bent both legs.
“There are no battles in human life that can be won.”
Uriel watched as all the monks, including Dharma, rushed forward.
“is it.”
The face of Miro, who was blocking the army of Heaven, came to mind.
“Is that why you fight?”
As if to resent something, her face was distorted and shed tears.
“If so.”
The monks screamed evil.
“Wow!” As the judicial halo Ragnarok rotated, Uriel’s body moved.
“How pitiful.”
The white electricity rising from the ground penetrated the gray clouds in a radius of several tens of kilometers.
“There!”
Miro, riding on Zulu’s pet Kydra, pointed at the lightning that sprang up from the center of Antarctica.
“oh my god… …
Gangnan’s mouth gaped blankly.
I hadn’t even entered land yet, but I could clearly see the lightning reversing.
‘Looking at the size, it’s already over.’
If the army of Heaven had occupied Zion, it would have been suicidal to rush forward like this.
“Miro-san, we changed the strategy… …
“no!”
Miro cut off Gangnan’s words.
“You will be alive.”
Even if not all, if there is a chance that even one survivor exists, I cannot give up.
“I’ll speed it up.”
As Zulu’s pupils were sucked into the abyss, Kaidra groaned.
Kyaaaaaaaaaaa!
They entered Antarctica in a strong wind, but the continent was already torn to pieces.
‘Even if it’s an archangel, this kind of power is impossible.’
Miro had a hunch.
“Uriel.”
By the time they reached Zion, Zulu’s pupils, covered in sweat, went up.
“Mr. Zulu!”
The moment Gangnan helped the unconscious Zulu, Kaidra disappeared in the air.
“Keugh!”
Gangnan, who was driven to the ground by the tremendous inertia, applied the brakes while inflating his thigh muscles.
Gangnan, who had traveled more than 2 kilometers with his butt on the ice, hurriedly twisted his body.
With a click, she stopped moving and watched the spectacle of destruction in Zion.
The bodies of the monks were hung in tatters between the blood-soaked ice.
“Here you are.”
“Break! Break it!”
Arius, the sole survivor, was suffering with his chest trampled by Uriel’s foot.
“Uriel.”
“You must be a woman from heaven.”
It was surprising because I was interested in the relationship between Gaold, Miro, and Gangnan at the time.
“Did you ever make peace?”
“no. It is a temporary alliance.”
Maze walked past Gangnan.
“Humans don’t change that easily”
“Kreung! Kreurrureung!”
As Arius struggled, baring his ferocious teeth at the appearance of his master, Uriel lifted his leg.
“Kong! Kung!”
Arius immediately turned around and rubbed his cheek against Miro’s leg, and she lowered herself.
“I told you to take good care of it. what’s this?”
Arius said.
“Run away.” Despite the words spoken by humans after a long time, Miro just smiled.
“It is not an opponent that can be defeated.” He knew because Arius was the only one who had explored the inside of the labyrinth.
‘A crack in my heart.’
Her feelings for Gaold had now crossed the rift and controlled herself through a huge rift.
“are you okay.”
Gaold said:
“It’s just that the time has come to make a choice.”
Approaching Yuriel, who was only ten steps away, Miro put his life in order.
Most of the things were easy, but there were toxic questions left.
‘A crack in the heart.’
why did it look like
‘I thought he hated men like that.’
If there hadn’t been a crack in the first place, the heart wouldn’t have grown so much.
“Miro, stop.”
When I stopped walking at Kang Nan’s words, Uriel was standing in front of me before I knew it.
“I’m sorry I can’t organize it, could you give me a little more time?”
One of Kangnan’s eyebrows went up.
“organize? Now in this situation… …
“There is no need for that.”
After cutting off his words, Yuriel indifferently held up the goon of paradise.
“It will be destroyed anyway.”
Once destroyed, neither Hongmi nor her existence are meaningless.
“ha. Too bad.”
Looking up at the Gon of Paradise filled with life, Miro felt nervous for the first time in his life.
‘I just want to organize this.’ So why is there a crack
go?
“Quickly dodge, you idiot!”
As the goon of paradise spun while burning the air, Jiangnan screamed fiercely and kicked the ground.
Miro sighed.
“ha.”
In the end, you have to admit it.
“Yeah, you were right.”
Even as death approached, Miro turned toward Gaold.
“you… …
before the words of the Gangnan end.
“Gaold.”
Miro said with a bright smile.
“I like you, Sasha.”
And now.
‘hi.’
As he closed his eyes, the top of the maze fell on the crown of his head, and Gangnan felt like time was slowing down.
‘Close.’
The heart that had been shattered by the fall was being regenerated cleanly.
‘ iced coffee??????
Arius could imagine without seeing.
Such a wonderful birth.
‘Erase it.’
For Miro, it was the same pain as the rest of the world.
‘I’m sorry, Gaold.’
What a pain.
A feeling so terrible that I couldn’t come to my senses even for a moment clawed at my heart.
‘Don’t forgive me.’
When I suddenly opened my eyes, red bloody tears ran down my cheeks from Miro’s eyes.
Around the time when the Gon of Paradise, which had passed while burning the ends of Miro’s hair, came back once more.
‘Incarnation art.’
Thousands of arms started sprouting from behind Miro’s back and grabbed the Gon of Paradise.
“huh?”
When the goon of paradise stopped without even a preliminary motion, the air burst and spread in all directions.
‘You said you caught the Gond of Paradise?’
The cracks that had been engraved like incontinence in Miro’s heart were erased like wind.
Thousands Arms Guanshi Yin-all-sky projection. Tens of thousands of arms protruded from Miro’s side as he turned toward Uriel.
Miro’s eyes, which gained perfect vision, flashed, and the palms spread out to the left and right struck Yuriel in succession.
rz rz tz rz tz tz tz 3: J
The endless attacks that came through the moment shook Yuriel and struck him with one final blow.
“Big!”
Yuriel, who bounced off to the side, corrected her posture while scratching the ground.
‘Spirit… …
The asteroid floating above his head could not digest the shock and shook greatly.
“Gagging!”
When Yuriel got down on one knee and raised her head, Miro brushed her hand and approached.
“Whoa. Is it because it’s been a while?”
Tears of blood that have already dried up on my cheeks
The wrinkled Miro smiled arrogantly.
“I can’t get a good zero point.”
Time will sort it out anyway.

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-901.txt
=============YYYYY=============
Omega(3)
Gangnan’s expression was engulfed in shock.
“maze… … . you… …
The incarnation of Thousand Arms Guanshi Yin was looking down at the ground in a size that filled the sky.
“iced coffee. Ahhh.”
Tears flowed from Arius’ eyes.
‘It is undoubtedly perfect.’
The shock he received when he penetrated Miro’s mind was still vivid in his mind.
Wasn’t he willing to pluck out his eyes and become a dog because of his superlative, sublime and pure nature that transcended human beings?
“Quack-quick. Whoop whoop whoop!” surpassed even that.
“Worship, humans.”
Slowly, Arius knelt down and bowed flat to Miro.
“The person standing here right now is the extreme line of humanity.”
The moment Arius raises his head and shouts at the uncontrollable emotion.
“Adrias, who was very merciful… … !
Kung!”
Miro ran at full speed and kicked him in the jaw.
“Oh, a little noisy! I’m annoyed that the zero point isn’t right, but it’s noisy and buzzing!”
“Ki-ing! Knock!”
While Arius was holding his chin and crying, Kang Nan approached him with a serious expression.
“What happened?”
It was fortunate that Miro’s mind had been restored, but on the other hand, he felt bitter.
“As you can see.”
Not a single point of trauma could be found on Miro’s face as she smiled at Gangnan.
“it’s over.”
Gaold was no longer in Miro’s mind.
Mind is something that changes in an instant.
However, it was enough to guess what Miro had to endure for the current change.
‘Because I can’t.’
Gangnan couldn’t do it like a maze.
“I feel comfortable now. I will take care of the world from now on, so just watch.”
Many monks died, but no more scars remained in Miro’s heart.
“Then shall we continue?”
As Miro rolled up his sleeves and approached, Uriel, who had regained his sanity before he knew it, was there.
“continue? Do you think I started something’?”
The corner of Miro’s mouth went up.
‘It was definitely an embarrassing attack… …
It is true that he counterattacked at random just before he was hit by the Geon of Paradise, but I didn’t expect that there wouldn’t be this much damage.
“Ho Ho! You speak well. I was beaten by my infinite cheap sphere and lost my mind’?”
“It did.”
Uriel was calm.
“Aren’t humans like that too? If you suddenly yell from behind or see something like a nasty bug.” Miro did not give up and fought back.
“Then what are you kneeling for? Did I see it with my own two eyes? He stumbled and then sat down.”
“that??????
Uriel stopped talking.
I didn’t have anything to refute, but I wondered why he was talking like this.
“Does not matter. If there’s something you want to do, do it. I will destroy you this time.”
“You are not normal either.”
Miro raised one corner of her mouth and said.
“I know you are ignorant because of Kariel’s symmetry, but isn’t it a bit like being ignorant of angels?”
“What do you mean?”
“Kariel… …
Miro, who recalled the archangel of birth, continued with an expression of disgust.
“That guy is really the height of timidity. Mama Boy, the back end is really bad. On the contrary, you are very bold. That’s why you can’t take out what’s inside.”
Miro placed her hand on her chest.
“I understand you. Destruction is one of the simplest and most powerful problem-solving abilities. Humans face many problems in their lives. For example, I have a rival. If so, Kariel will seek numerous strategies to surpass him. On the other hand, if you just get rid of it, it’s over.”
Miro waved her hand from left to right.
“If you kill, the army will come. Then we can get rid of the army. put in jail? get rid of the prison Get rid of your accusers, get rid of kings, get rid of nations… …
The simplest and most powerful.
“If you get rid of it like that, it’s over. There are no more problems to mess with your mind. That is why there is no emotion in your destruction.”
“You are making a big mistake. We are not human. I don’t think like you guys.”
Miro’s eyes changed fiercely.
“Then why did Kariel hate Ikael?” “So are you. If Kariel is obsessed with you, on the contrary, you are ignoring me.”
“what?”
“Ichael.”
Uriel’s planetary body, which had been shaken by the attack of the Thousand Arms Guanshi Yin, vibrated once again.
‘It’s nice to be honest.’
Miro continued.
“Perhaps it was a shock. The fact that Ekael, the symbol of supreme wisdom, the mother of all archangels, loved one human being.”
McLean Guffin.
“Ankera erased the records, but from then on, you guys have already been eaten. Kariel is obsessed, and you run away.”
Miro twirled her fingers.
“Continuing question. Why did Ikael respond with a human? He’s going to go crazy because he keeps thinking about it, right?”
“… … do you know?”
“I don’t know. but I can give you a chance
there is.”
Miro opened her arms.
“How am I? I am officially single now.”
A light came on in Gangnan’s eyes.
‘It’s like a personality breaker.’
Even before coming to Zion, I thought I would give up the world because of Gaold’s worries.
Uriel turned the wheel of paradise.
“Die, Maze.”
“Flee again.”
At the same time that Uriel disappeared, the ice sheet exploded and exploded.
“Oohhh!”
Thousand-Armed Guanyin’s huge palm swung down on the disk-shaped wheel of paradise.
“If you don’t dig into it, you won’t know. Destroying it is not the answer.”
“There is no need to look for answers.”
As Uriel’s asteroid expanded, information began to accumulate at a tremendous speed.
“Because removing the problem is enough.”
As the judicial halo Ragnarok was activated, a white thunderbolt struck Yuriel directly.
Miro gave an awkward laugh.
“uh? wait for a sec… …
At the same time as Uriel ran with the flash of light, a golden bird flew up from under the feet of the labyrinth.
‘Posmetry.’
Upon regaining consciousness, Zulu summoned Caydra as soon as the maze moved out of space and time.
“Ride.”
Gangnan pulled the maze and Arius rode it, and the rogue bird flew silently.
“Whoa, how long have you been awake?” Miro sat down with a relieved expression on his face, and Kang Nan crawled and grabbed his collar.
“You crazy woman! Do you provoke your opponent? Do you really have any intention of winning the war?”
“Of course we have to win.”
Miro shook Gangnan’s hand and said.
“Archangel is strong. I just tried using the method that worked for Kariel. Do you think you’re halfway successful?”
“How do you know that?”
Miro grinned.
“He’s interested in me.” The truth I realized when I was taken to heaven
was
“Of course, it wouldn’t be more than interesting. But you know, sometimes a little crack turned the maze’s head to the side.
“Because it grows uncontrollably.”
Gangnan pursed his lips.
“So, have you forgotten about Gaold?”
“Gaold? Who is that?”
Kang Nan gritted his teeth at Miro’s playful reply.
“Can I tell you? You’re not polar, you’re just a scum of humanity and an insane seeker.”
Arius intervened.
“It’s not like that. In front of a huge spirit, the criminal’s feelings are mere secular… …
“You are shutting up. You said you did something well. Thanks to you, Zion’s power was destroyed.
ah.”
As Arius shrank, Zulu asked.
“What are we going to do now?”
“Honestly, I don’t want to die yet. Because without me, it would be fatal to mankind. In fact, there are parts where I didn’t settle with Uriel because of that.”
Gangnan asked.
“You mean you couldn’t win?”
“Hmm, it’s quite subtle. If you fight ten times, will you win five times and lose five times? However, since there is no next chance in actual combat, I could have died. Of course, when the zero point is set, the story will change.”
Miro raised her hand for emphasis.
“Anyway, what determines the outcome is that a lot of things have to come to an end. Right now, we have a bigger problem than defeating a general.”
“What problem?”
“Sirone.”
Zulu turned her head.
“The armies of Heaven will be looking for you. We can’t win the war unless we fight with Sirone on our backs.”
Gangnan understood.
“Then what do we do next?
“You should know where Sirone is. And if you’re doing something… …
It was a mystery that Sirone did not come while the army of Heaven was attacking Zion.
“I have no choice but to buy time.” Zulu said.
“I will go to the Central Continent.”
With no one objecting, Miro put her chin on her chin and thought.
‘Really, where are you and what are you doing?’
Sirone endlessly accepted Omega.
All the things happening in all the time and all the space were piled up in my brain as a single signal.
‘Gaia. It’s a really great race.’ The original Gaians who lost their memories due to the Missing Link prospered endlessly.
Beyond the primitive age, beyond the civilization of the era where Sirone lived, to the most advanced scientific civilization.
However, the development of materials was only a small step compared to the development of the mind that they would reach in the future.
‘The senses are expanded.’
Time, space, the spiritual world, the field of unification, and the process of reaching the truth were amazing. And finally.
Omega 133 years.
At 13.3 percent of the signals that make up the world, the Gaians took a new step.
“Yorham, good morning.”
“It’s a special morning.”
Numerous Gaians were entering the huge structure they had created.
There is no class, no superiority or inferiority in life.
What was obtained at the end of the most disgusting antagonism and conflict was complete peace between life and life.
To them, humans were no longer hell.
“Today will be the most significant day in the history of Gaia, our human race!”
Yohrham shouted.
“I fought many times and learned a lot. We have realized everything in the world, and it is time to move on to a better world.”
There were people who weren’t even present, but there was no one who was offended by Yohrham’s words.
“It is an honor to speak here on behalf of the Gaians. This is our future!” Where Yohrham turned and pointed, there was a huge mechanical device the same size as the structure.
“Eternal life program! This is Argo!” Light came in from numerous panels, and the sphere on top of the device descended, ignoring gravity.
After briefly rotating, the sphere steers and stops, and the surface peels away, revealing a huge lens.
“hello. I am Argo, the manager of the reincarnation of Utopia, the Akashic Records. From now on, I function on a mission to safely manage your reincarnation.”
The applause of the Gaians resounded.
The Argo, built using Ankera’s biological model, would lead them to the world of immortality.
said Yoreham.
“This concludes our mission in this world. Connected, let’s continue. All we’ve come to realize…
“Why?”
At someone’s voice, all the Gaians in the structure turned their heads.
objection.
It could have been the first objection in a few hundred years, and it was shocking to them who had achieved an integrated mental system.
“now… … what… … Yohrham stared incomprehensibly at the Gaian sitting on a box in the corner reading a book.
‘Can we read the book?’
It was a strange thing for a race that had mastered all knowledge to observe the text.
“It is. The endless fear of the car circle. Aren’t you too bored to finish with this?”
The Gaian was agitated.
“How can you say that? No, this is impossible. Don’t you know too?”
said Yoreham.
“Guffin.”
Shirone’s consciousness, which had been searching for Omega up to that point, was intensely focused for an instant.
‘Is that a Guffin? summer solstice
only… …
Surely it wasn’t expunged?
“is it so. I know. But for that reason, this is definitely possible.”
Mackline Guffin closed the book and smiled.
“You all think the same, right? with me.” Omega 133 years.
Gaians have achieved an integrated mental system that transcends race, culture, gender, religion, and individuality.

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-902.txt
=============YYYYY=============
Omega(4)
‘ I see.’
Sirone met Argo when he fell into Apocalypse due to Valhalla Action’s debt.
Also, this was proof that the eternal life program had not been activated in reality.
Of course, in order for Sirone to reach that memory, he had to accept a lot more Omegas.
‘The cowardice is not infinite.’
Because I had already realized Gaia’s reasoning, I could understand it without experiencing it.
‘Even if time is split endlessly, it’s because time in the higher dimension eventually flows.’
Suddenly, I remembered the horrible situation of entering World No. 19000 of the labyrinth Andre.
All human beings lost their reason and lived wriggling like worms in a narrow passage.
Perhaps that is the end of humanity that the eternal life program will bring.
‘The eternal life program cannot last forever.’ That’s why Guffin broke the bondage of reincarnation and sought to leap to his higher dimension.
‘But Anke Ra doesn’t recognize the outside world.’
In the end, the era in which Sirone lived proved that it would hinder Gaia’s escape.
‘This is the beginning of the war.’
In other words, it was the beginning of a tragedy.
“Hmm.”
Yohrham sighed.
“Should it be us?”
There was no answer, but an answer was not a particularly necessary means of communication for Gaia.
“If not us, who?”
Guffin gets up and sits in the audience
looked at
“Let’s go, to the end of the world.”
The moment he finished speaking, all the Gaians present raised their hands.
“Wow!”
Yohrham shouted loudly as a huge roar shook the walls.
“The Gaians will stretch out to infinity!”
Sirone knows how much Gaia will have to pay for this decision.
‘But they are already prepared.’
Why not be afraid.
‘Because they are one.’
Age, gender, and inclination are different, but their reasoning was carried out with perfect standards.
It was a qualitatively different unification from the dragons, who could read each other’s information.
‘The pinnacle of intellect.’
How would it feel if all the people of the world only supported me, and that country, as an individual, would become a whole again?
‘It’s cool.’
Know what is right, and do it.
Tears flowed from Sirone’s eyes as she had to take on so many things to save the world.
‘I want to be there too.’
I wanted to burrow into the crowd of Gaians.
‘It’s too hard. It’s too lonely.’
One day, the day will come when the people of the world where Sirone lives will be united as one.
After countless conflicts and repeated objections against objections, the day will come when the answer will be found.
‘I have to fight.’
Sirone wiped away tears and groped for Omega.
Numerous personalities were celebrating Gaia’s new start in their own way.
“Beyond infinity.”
Amid Omega’s signal, Guffin’s voice penetrated Sirone’s mind.
Left alone in Antarctica, where the creatures had disappeared, Uriel pondered Miro’s words.
‘My destruction has no emotions?’
Since when did he, the strongest archangel in the universe, become swayed by human words?
Even so, the reason I couldn’t leave the seat was because what she said was true.
‘Archangel Ikael.’
She was the only cause for the archangels of birth and destruction, Kariel and Uriel.
‘I don’t care who you love.’
The only wonderful thing was that an archangel could love someone.
“What is love?”
Cariel, obsessed with it and thinking countless times, ended up destroying herself.
‘Did he realize it anyway?’
Will Uriel’s only partner, on the verge of extinction, find the answer he so longed for?
‘Uncomfortable.’
Adrias Miro.
Every time I thought of her, an indescribable unpleasant feeling disturbed the asterism.
“Next time I will kill you.”
By murder, not destruction.
Having opened the halo of justice, he accumulated a concept of destruction that was on a completely different level than before.
“Is this all right, human?” The moment the white flash hit, Uriel’s body penetrated Antarctica.
Kurrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr
Its power is such that it can be counted among five fingers throughout planetary history.
was
“omg!”
Taeseong rolled his eyes and collapsed before even the sound of his desperate words could leak out.
“Hey Taeseong!”
The four great castles gathered in the Temple of Earth hurriedly ran to her.
“Relax!”
It’s the incarnation of the planet anyway, but now I felt uneasy that even that incarnation could disappear.
“Nonsense.”
Antarctica was disappearing from the planet seen at the feet of the Temple of Earth.
Amanta said.
“This is just the beginning. If people like that rampage here, it’s only a matter of time until we’re destroyed.”
“Fred… …
At Taesung’s voice, Fried, who was supporting her, hurriedly lowered his head.
“Are you awake?”
“There is no time. At this rate, the planet will stop working. Please take me to the Mid-Continent.”
“Middle Continent?”
Minerva raised an eyebrow.
“There is no need for Taeseong to go to the battlefield. The stars in the ivory tower are enough.”
“no. There is someone I really need to meet.”
Fried asked.
“You mean Sirone?”
“no.”
Taeseong shook his head and said with his eyes tightened.
“Ogent Lian. You must meet him.”
Like a meteorite breaking through the atmosphere, a red-hot body flew across the sky.
“The bastards… …
Son Yu-jeong, second in the order of the Ten Commandments.
“Are you bullying my friend?”
It’s normal for a normal creature to already burn, but her temperature was rising endlessly.
“There.”
Finding the diabolical Satan was easy.
Even from the top of the sky, the sight of a well-known 200 million Hell’s army uniting and advancing was visible.
“It’s an intruder!”
Demons wary of the sky flew at her with tridents on fire.
“Hmph, are they monsters?”
Living for more than 10,000 years, I have met the demons of the other world to the point of getting tired of them.
“Yeoui.”
As her red club spun rapidly, it began to stretch to great lengths.
“An invincible windmill.”
As the club, four kilometers in diameter, spun, the sky turned a deep red.
The length that can be extended exactly matches the range allowed by the user’s scale.
“Get out of the way!”
Theoretically, it was close to infinite, and Yeoui-bong, which had no loss of tension, swept away the demons.
“what?”
Havitz and the others who entered the cliff of the abyss looked back at the other side of the sky at the same time.
“her.”
A huge red sphere, clearly visible from the ground, was approaching sweeping away the demons.
Vulcan’s eyes became serious.
‘Size doesn’t matter.’
No, maybe size matters?
Roughly estimated, it was the physical strength of swinging a four-kilometer club fast enough to cause afterimages.
“I am coming.”
When Yu-jeong crashed to the ground with her feet stepping on the demon, she slipped like on an ice sheet.
“Kuaaaaa!”
The brigade commander, whose face had been chapped, dies in agony, and Yu-jeong turns to face the enemies.
As if a heated rock had fallen, the temperature around it rose to a scorching level.
“Whoa.”
The demons watched as hot steam spewed out of Yu-jeong’s mouth.
“Satan, come out.” Vulcan thought.
First, it is clear that he came alone, seeing as he could not read the crowd flag.
Second, it is dangerous nonetheless.
” hurry??????
Yujeong took a deep breath and roared, clenching her fists and baring her teeth.
“I mean come out!”
There was a beastly quality symbolizing violence in his voice that seemed to rip through the air.
As Vulcan frowned and thought about what to do with the oil well, a horse stepped forward.
“Am I Satan?”
said Havits, stroking his mustache.
“it’s you?”
Yoo-do also silenced his voice at this moment.
The animal sense of smell smelled the chaos going back to the primeval times.
“Well, okay.”
As soon as they turned Yeoui-bong with their fingers, Yu-jeong’s body disappeared before their eyes.
‘Once you beat it up… … The moment she approached Havitz and swung her stick aiming at her side.
‘what?’
Following a blurry afterimage, a girl whose eyelids had been cut off was caught in Yu-jeong’s field of vision.
Natasha, who pushed the woman’s stick with the back of her hand, lowered her stance and dug into her arms.
‘I blocked it.’
Yujeong was terrifying.
In a situation where most demons couldn’t even recognize her movements, only she was making direct eye contact.
‘That’s right, right?’ As the oil well pierced the pole, wrinkles in the air were clearly visible in the slow flow of time.
Natasha, who twisted her upper body to avoid the attack, screamed at Yu-jeong’s abdomen.
‘What makes it so hard?’
The strength that could not be seen as belonging to a creature was rather shattering.
‘Hong, only with a fist like this… …
The moment Yu-jeong, who had pushed power into her abdomen, tried to counterattack again by retrieving the bar.
‘this!’
With her fist still on Yu-jeong’s stomach, Natasha kicked the ground and bent her arm.
As if hitting a nail with a hammer, he hit the elbow with his pelvis, and Yoo-jung’s body was pushed away.
‘done!’
Natasha, who had disturbed the enemy’s balance, flew at the speed of Mach and unleashed a series of attacks.
M | 99
Havitz’s army listened to invisible sounds and imagined the battle.
“cadet!”
Natasha’s big fist hit Yu-jeong’s chin squarely.
Kwak Kwah Kwah Kwah Kwah! They were caught only after Yujeong, who had been dragging the ground for a long time, stared ahead.
‘Is it at a level that Natasha can try?’
As Vulcan judged without showing emotion yet, Natasha raised the backs of her hands.
“You are really strong.”
Blood flowed profusely down the back of his hand, and broken bones protruded.
Vulcan’s expression crumpled.
‘The type that is hard to break.’
If you can’t destroy it with Natasha’s fist, you should consider it almost immune to physical attacks.
Yoo Jeong-do corrected his posture and put the Yeoui-bong on his shoulder.
“Heh, you’re pretty fast too.”
It’s not impossible to find a way, but Balkan didn’t want to waste energy ahead of the giant attack.
“What do you want?”
Yujeong, who was caressing her slightly swollen cheek, said while wiping the blood from her lips.
“Free my friend. Mortar Singer. You guys dragged them into hell, didn’t they?”
“Mortasinger?”
Vulcan, uninterested in the underworld, turned to Havitz.
“I don’t know.”
There was no way that Havitz was unaware of Mortasinger, whom Satan had personally taken to Hell.
It was just a means to ridicule Yahweh, so it was just annoying to even recall it.
“okay?”
Yujeong twisted her nose like a monkey and bared her teeth.
“Then let me know.”
As the terrifying murder spread, Balkan, who predicted the next moment, hurriedly held out his hand.
“wait. Harvey……
But before that, the purple incarnation of Satan surged from Havitz’s body.
‘Vanishing.’
When all causal ties to Havitz were cut off, no one recognized him.
Yu-jeong also did not feel a sense of incongruity.
“What are you going to do? quickly bring my friend Before I destroy everyone in here.”
Havits got off the horse, drew a longsword, and went behind Yu-jeong’s back.
“You are an interesting person.”
A cold blade touched the nape of her neck.
“No, aren’t you human?” He moved the sword slowly from side to side, but as if the blade was dull, his skin was not cut.
“aha.”
Havitz’s eyes curved like a seagull.
“You are connected.”
Attack Edea directly.
“Swipe swipe.”
And finally, red blood began to flow from Yu-jeong’s slender neck.

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-903.txt
=============YYYYY=============
face to face (1)
“Jal is cut off.”
Even while bleeding from her neck, Yoo-jeong was just looking at Balkan.
“I… … !”
The wind hissed out of the hole in the airway, and no words could be heard.
“What are you saying?”
Vulcan frowned, but even he, being rational, did not doubt this situation.
Harvitz’s eyes fell into the abyss.
“If you want to go to hell, let me go.” Yu-jeong was still pouring out words according to her feelings, but no sound came out of her moving lips.
and at some point
‘what?’
Her sense of the wild caught the sense of incongruity.
‘Something’s not right.’
Even though the situation was no different from a moment ago, an ominous feeling filled my brain.
‘This is obviously… …
the smell of death.
‘I am dying now.’ But how?
Enemies were still far away, and there was nothing around them to do for themselves.
“Do you have an egg chin?”
Havitz poked his face in mockery.
“Anyway, it’s a monkey.”
“Who is the monkey?”
Yu-jeong, who slowly turned her head, collided with Harvitz head-on.
A golden yellow color was shining in her eyes.
‘Gold eyes.’
Hwaan Gold Jeong Fire Eye Gold I Blue.
It was the eyes of truth that could pierce everything in the world, coming down through Son Oh-gong’s veins.
Havitz, who met Yu-jeong’s eyes, muttered.
“Do you see ghosts?”
“In my body… …
As Edea’s signal was reconnected to Yu-jeong, the head was no longer cut.
“What are you doing!”
As she swung like a whirlwind, she swung the woman’s stick, and a red afterimage hit Havitz’s temple.
Aaaaaaaaagh!
As the shock wave spread, a powerful storm occurred, and Vulcan suddenly woke up.
“Havitz!”
As the smoke rising from the ground cleared, Yu-jeong grabbed her neck and walked out.
“You’re annoying me.”
What angered me more than the wounds was that there was no feeling of being touched by the stick.
“Pooh!”
The view completely opened, and I saw Harvits standing hesitantly behind the oil well.
Around him, 12 black traces formed like shadows in a circle.
Vulcan let out a sigh of relief.
‘I can’t break the hell.’
However, the fact that he recognized Havitz alone made Son Yoo-jung a threat enough.
“You’re using a strange spell.”
Yoojung, bleeding through her fingers, looked at the army of hell and Havitz in turns.
‘Damn the archangel.’
Somehow, I thought that Ikael would obediently send me to Satan.
‘I would have come even if I blocked it anyway.’
Harvits sniffed and approached.
“Why resist? Didn’t you say you wanted to meet a friend? If you die, you can go to hell.”
“joy! Why am I dying? I will beat you up and bring Mortar Singer.”
Harvitz raised his index and middle fingers.
“There are two ways.” The army of hell was agitated.
‘Havitz negotiated… … ?’
Revealing Satan’s disposition meant that the ban on Hwaan was just as threatening.
“Covenant and sin. If you make a contract with Satan, you can go to hell in the state of a living body.”
This was the case with Mortasinger.
“And sin is to follow my ways. If you really want it, I will take you to Hell.”
Yu-jeong hates difficult stories, but Havitz’s words were misleading.
“If you can take me, can I just take you? Do I really need to trust you?”
Vulcan had the same idea.
‘I’ve never been particularly interested in the underside world, but I guess I can’t do that anymore.’
It was no longer just a human war.
“What do you think hell is?” Yoojung didn’t answer.
“Where the wicked go? A place where all the evil of this world flows into and suffers forever?”
Harvits raised an eyebrow.
“gibberish.”
Good and evil are man-made concepts.
“That’s not what God wants. all right I don’t even care about those things.”
Vulcan asked.
“Then what do you want?”
“A perfect world.”
Havitz’s purple incarnation rose like wildfire.
“This is why God made me.”
12 black shadows in the place where Yu-jeong leaps up and takes a step back
It bloomed.
“Shiok.”
The world turns gray… … .
‘Time has stopped.’
Twelve priests in black robes rose from the ground and sang a funeral dirge.
“AA AA AA!”
The music was huge enough to make the world cry, but only Yu-jeong could hear it.
“Keugh!”
Her body began to sink slowly as the floor sank like a swamp.
“I will send you to hell.” He hit all over the place with Yeoui-bong, but it was an irresistible force in the state of being trapped by Si-ok.
“what’s this! It’s different!”
I thought that it did not fall under any of the contracts and sins suggested by Havitz.
“So you said.”
Havitz said as she walked through the gray landscape.
“You yourself are evil.”
Because it spoils God’s perfection.
“Aaaaaaa!”
Yoo-jung, who lifted her gold eyes, went over her upper body and sank to the bottom of her chin.
Any branch of Omega.
‘ This place… …
Countless years have passed since the Gaians decided to go beyond infinity.
Most of the people who were in harmony at the time died at the end of their lifespan, and the remaining ones are now… … .
‘It’s hell.’
There was only Mackline Guffin.
“Oh, it’s hot.”
In the fiery hell, Guffin sat cross-legged and felt the pain.
“When can I leave?”
A voice from the flame-covered ceiling
heard
“Time left until purification, 664 views 3,943 trillion 30.2 billion 39.24 million 68 hours left.”
It was the standard of the photon system.
“Right.”
Sirone watched Guffin with a bitter expression.
‘Even if all these processes pass, in reality, it’s almost like time doesn’t pass.’
Unlawful time 0.666 seconds.
‘After all, the prison of time… …
It was a vacuum that was absolutely necessary to keep the world’s signals normal.
‘It wasn’t a law for us from the beginning.’
The world Sirone lives in is realized by combining a quantum signal called mind with a specific signal.
And hell was just a dump of information processing those quantum signals.
‘Because there is 0.666 seconds, signals from the outside are transmitted stably, and because there is hell, the mind does not run out of control.’
the world is perfect
‘Is he smiling?’
An eerie question crossed Sirone’s mind.
‘Is the person who created this world feeling happy while watching this hell?
See, I made it.
“That’s something you don’t know.”
Guffin muttered, but Sirone seemed as if he was talking to her.
However, according to Omega’s records, it just happened that they had the same idea.
“So I’m going to go see it.”
It’s going to be a pretty boring time.
“Kiaaa!”
Devils whose heads flew above their noses were climbing the cliffs with their long arms outstretched.
“eat! eat!”
The inhabitants of the Underworld inflict pain-based actions on those who enter Hell.
‘Something that has such a nature.’ The mind used in reality is Dremo, and the emotion flows into the world behind it and is dissolved in a pure state.
‘For recycling of information.’
It was such a system from the beginning.
“Not bad.”
As the guffin stood up, sparks dripped from its golden hair.
“I will eat!”
At the same time as the demons fluttered, the light of Yahweh flashed from the body of the guffin.
“Quaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!”
The bodies of the ghosts, engulfed in light, disintegrated into powder, and even the flames were completely extinguished.
Sirone was amazed.
‘Infinite Wizard.’
Even before the concept of magic was established, Gaians knew how to dominate the phenomenon.
However, only Guffin reached the realm of Yahweh through eternal reincarnation.
“It has become special.” apostasy.
Any phenomenon that breaks the balance of this world can be dragged to hell.
Thinking of his comrades who had already left the world, Guffin willingly surrendered himself to suffering.
“I will lead.”
It was the first step of Guffin, who later faced Ankera as the representative of Gaia.
Yoo-jung, who was being dragged to hell, began to struggle, baring her teeth.
“Kia! Kiaaa!” The ferocious monkey’s work was buried in Si-ok’s funeral song, but surprisingly, the upper half of the body came out again.
“Hoo.”
Harbitz’s eyes twitched slightly.
‘You say you’re coming out?’
Once in hell, there is no way to return until the time of purification is over.
Yoo-do knew this fact intuitively, so he fought with all his might.
“Bastard! I will kill you! I know who I am!”
Son Goku’s middle granddaughter.
As the golden eyes glowed as if they were about to explode, Yu-jeong’s body began to heat up red.
“I am a stone monkey who can overcome even a Buddha if he puts his mind to it!”
Realizing incarnation, she rose to the level of a creature, but in fact, her idea is inorganic.
It was not destroyed by any physical force, and there was no limit to the energy it could emit.
“Kiaaaaaa!”
The objet <Yeoui> inherited from the ancestors stretched out in a horizontal line on the boundary between reality and hell.
‘Move! in action!’
As her body burned white, Shi-ok’s funeral song resonated even louder.
“a little… … !”
Suddenly, the ground shook, and Yu-jeong opened her jaw all the way and let out a scream.
“Shut up!”
As Yeoui-bong rotated between the real world and the other side, the ground rocked like a tidal wave.
“What, what?”
The building of the temple was shaken.
Reviewing strategy in the commander’s office
Rookie looked up at the ceiling with a surprised expression.
“It’s cracking! Avoid!”
Just as Aromi shouted at Iruki, the door opened and a messenger came in.
“Sir General! Urgent Breaking News!”
“What happen?”
It was a situation where they thought they could annihilate the demons within 48 hours.
Whether it was a good thing or a bad thing, the fact that a variable was created made my heart pound.
“The Ministry of Homeland Defense observed the strong earthquake. The epicenter is the cliff of the abyss, the magnitude is 12.4.”
“what!”
Iruki hit the table and stood up.
“What do you mean? Abyssal Cliff is an orogeny… … No, that’s not the problem.”
You say 12.4 on the scale?
Iruki pictured the situation when a strong earthquake of that magnitude occurred in his mind.
‘It’s at the level of tearing the ground apart.’
At first I thought geographically, but now I hope it’s nature’s grump.
‘Yes, it must be a natural disaster. It’s unbelievable that someone with a certain will could exert such power.’
It was an impossible destruction by any of the world powers analyzed by Iruki.
“Sir General.”
Iruki, who confirmed Aromi’s eyes, came to his senses and bit his lip.
‘Yes, that’s right.’
It cannot be a natural disaster.
‘An ominous feeling that has been stuck in my brain for some time. That’s what happened to reality.’
the commander asked.
“Sir, what should we do now?”
“First, the scale of the damage to the abyssal cliff…”
Iruki stopped talking and shook his head.
There was no need to check, it would have already collapsed to the point where the demons could not move.
‘Still, I have no choice but to push on.’ Having lost the best position to detonate the elemental bomb, Iruki looked around at the world map.
“The second place to run the operation is…”
Pointing somewhere with a baton, the rookie’s fingertips were trembling terribly.
“The capital of Tormia, Baska.”
It was a large city where more than half of the kingdom’s population resided.

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-904.txt
=============YYYYY=============
face to face (2)
Shura’s eyes widened.
“You’d better kill me.”
At Nane’s Buddhist scriptures that lasted all night, the mountains, rivers, and trees were now trembling.
Even though they were stuck on the outskirts of the shelter made with Gestalt’s ability, the sound didn’t seem to fade at all.
Kurrrrrrr.
The vibration that came from far away brought Shura back to her senses after a long time.
“huh?”
Seismic waves rushed in at high speed and dug into Shura’s location.
As the Gestalt collapsed and the veil of lies dissipated, the mountain ranges stretching all the way to Baska were visible.
“What is going on?”
The fact that she was the one who learned a lot of things in the world by following the Buddha’s footsteps.
‘It’s not a natural occurrence.’
If an earthquake of this magnitude had started along the coast, it would have been normal for a tsunami to hit the continent.
‘It is the power of apostasy.’ Several figures passed through Shura’s head.
‘Sirone, Lian, Gaold… …
However, no matter who thought of it, it was not enough to cause an earthquake of the size that shook the continent.
“The sky is open.”
It was only natural that the figures of heaven, which were like hometowns, came to mind first.
‘I have to let you know.’
Nane is still busy reciting Buddhist scriptures, but Shura kicked off the ground and ran to him.
The cabin where Amy was sleeping unconscious was filled with Nane’s voice.
“Mahavanya… …
The sounds that came out of Nane’s mouth seemed to pile up like matter with mass.
“Tubular materials… …
At the same time as Nane’s voice cut off, a small vibration shook the building.
“Mmm.”
It didn’t just hang up because it sensed an earthquake.
Amy’s eyes, which had been struck by so many realizations but could not wake up, slowly opened as if receiving a signal.
“… … Are you awake?”
Distraught, she didn’t even realize that Nane’s voice was a human language.
‘Where am I?’
As if they had become arthropods, they could only move their pupils left and right without feeling in their limbs.
‘I’m sure…
A series of terrible memories came to mind.
In the process of escaping with his colleagues, he met the division commander, Parkma, and was annihilated.
‘Berryk.’
He wasn’t such a talented person to die.
‘Only I survived.’ Amy bit her lip in front of a situation where her life had been saved thanks to a man’s favor.
‘What kind of soldier is a kid like me.’
Suddenly, Nane’s face came into view.
“are you okay?” Amy stared at him for a moment.
‘Who is it?’
Because of all the tattoos on his face, it was an impression that even the person who saw him could not recognize.
But at least the man’s eyes resembled someone she knew and missed.
‘Sirone.’
The moment I thought about it, all the information flowed in and I came to a conclusion.
“me : yes!”
Looking down at the surprised Amy, Nane smiled benevolently.
“that’s right. That is me.”
Amy hurriedly raised her upper body.
“Aaaaaaa!”
Soon after, the pain as if my muscles were on fire came over me, and I ended up collapsing on the bed.
“You are like a newborn child. Not only is it painful, but trying to move forcibly can injure your body.”
“Why are you here?”
Buddha of the age.
I couldn’t look at the person who judged the world as empty and tried to close the universe with a good eye.
Above all, he was an obvious enemy in that he was the opposite of Sirone.
“It’s still not feeling well.”
Nane, who covered Amy with the blanket, got up and walked to the door.
“I will prepare something to eat. Until then… …
Nane stopped talking and slowly turned around.
“ha. ha.”
Amy, who had come down from the bed, stared at me, supporting her body shaking in pain.
Amy gritted her teeth and said.
“Answer me. why are you here What have you done to me?”
Nane said with a smile.
“Well, this and that… …
However, when Amy’s expression suddenly turned cold, she immediately corrected her words.
“You have been consumed by fire. It was so powerful that it even burned my consciousness. So I woke up.”
“You woke me up?”
Amy also recalls the situation at the time.
I woke up
Having lost her sanity due to Berrik’s death, she increased her firepower at the cost of giving up her life.
“How did you wake up?”
It would take a very long time to explain, so Nane turned around and said.
“Get some rest. I will bring you something to eat.”
In any case, it seemed true that Nane had helped her, so Amy kept her mouth shut for a while.
But then he opened his eyes and rushed at him.
‘Get rid of the Buddha.’ If you think about it, didn’t all the results come about because of Nane’s existence?
Of course, it cannot be denied that he provided a key reason for the separation from Sirone.
As her crimson eyes glowed red, a huge flame aura rose from her hand.
As if all the dirt on his mind had been wiped away, his power was much higher than before.
‘I can’t help it even if I’m cowardly!’
Amy, whose goal was only to subdue Nane, reached out without hesitation.
“porridge… …
With a loud sound, a sword was thrust straight into Amy’s stomach.
“Sermon. container.”
Amy’s eyes were filled with electricity as the red-dark sword scattered like an illusion.
“Aaaaaaa!”
When the pain that I couldn’t even imagine came over me, my knees hit the floor.
Hearing screams from outside, Shura opened the door violently and shouted.
“me : yes??????!”
Nane turned her head to Amy while she was speechless at the scene unfolding before her eyes.
“Yahweh makes things that don’t exist, but Buddha realizes that things exist. If it hurts… …
“Huh!”
Amy’s eyes were still unbent as she raised her head with her arms wrapped around her.
“You can think of it as my pain.”
Because I have experienced everything in this world, Nane’s voice works as truth.
Shura came.
“When did you wake up?”
“I regained my sanity a little while ago. By the way, it looks like a big earthquake happened.”
“It will be the army of heaven. Perhaps the reason I came here is to meet you.”
Nane smiled meaningfully.
Even if he swallowed Anchera’s dream, his philosophy was different from what the angels pursued.
“They will find us anyway. Even Gestalt’s ability can’t escape the angels’ senses.”
Amy overheard their conversation even in pain.
‘Heaven’s army came?’ There was no hope for humanity if they joined in a situation where I was alone.
“Let’s wait first.”
Amy asked before Nane opened the door and left.
“wait. What are you going to do with me’?”
There was no way that you, who had been hiding in a veil until now, would suddenly save your life for no reason.
‘I know.’
The fact that he is Sirone’s lover.
“Even if you hold on to me, you won’t get what you want. I’d rather die than be taken advantage of.” I had no intention of becoming a hostage.
“ha. You are really stubborn.”
Well, that’s why it aroused Nane’s interest even among countless sentient beings.
“As for what I plan to do with you… …
I, who was lost in thought looking up at the ceiling, met Amy’s eyes and smiled.
“We have to feed them first.”
It was a cabin without a table, so the three of them ate in a circle on the floor.
It was a simple meal made of grass, but to Amy, everything was a necessary nutrient.
“Ugh.”
The pain she hadn’t felt when she saw Nane continued to torment her.
“It would be best not to overdo it for the time being. When things get back to normal, do whatever you want.”
Amy set the tableware down.
“I don’t understand. Are you doing this even though you know who I am? What the hell is mine?”
Shura pointed.
“Where is this, to the Buddha! Did you forget we saved your life?”
“Then tell me why you saved it! If you just saved me, then what about those who died from demons until now?”
“that??????
To be honest, Shura was also suspicious.
“The reason I saved you… … you opened your mouth
“that’s right. It’s because I’m Sirone’s lover.”
“what?”
When I first heard it, I was stunned.
“Sirone and I can be said to be partners in the search. Although the direction is different, the distance to go is the same. I personally respect you. I was curious. Yahweh of fraternity, what kind of person is a woman who is irreplaceable to him.”
“You misunderstood. Sirone is a friend she met in her school days. She has nothing to do with philanthropy.”
“is that so.”
Leaving only a short answer, Nane picked up the bowl again and moved the grains of rice to her mouth.
On the other hand, Amy persistently glared at me without even touching her mouth to eat.
Eventually, Nane gave up the meal and continued.
“If I threaten to kill you, will Sirone yield to me?”
The answer came right away.
“No, never.”
“Wrong.”
Nane shook her head.
“Sirone will yield. I could give up the whole world to save you.”
Amy’s eyes widened.
“Is that what saved me after all? If I die, will I not be able to blackmail Sirone?”
“no. Rather the opposite. I want to understand Sirone. I want to accept everything from him.”
It doesn’t matter what happens after that.
“so… …
If the philosophy of philanthropy remains the same even after understanding fraternity, then it would be a true Buddha.
“Can I love you?”
A grain of rice came out of Shura’s mouth.
“Pooh!”
Embarrassed, Amy was as well, and there was a long, awkward silence in the cabin.
“no.”
Amy came to her senses and said.
“Do you think that makes sense now? why do you love me What do you know about me?”
“You should know by now. And isn’t loving someone a personal freedom?”
Amy remembered Berrik.
“Of course you do, but you don’t love me. Sirone loves the one she loves.”
“is it so. But everyone is the same. There is nothing in this world that you can love without reason. I bet it is. At first it will be trivial. Then, the feeling grew and grew, and it became a feeling that could not be exchanged for anything.
Without knowing that you were the reason, now you are precious
It has become something.” “I am not forcing it. Recover comfortably. I was just being honest with you to ask why I saved you.”
Nane left first out of consideration for Amy.
‘What’s the situation?’
I was chewing rice in a slightly dazed state, but I felt a stinging glare on my forehead.
When I looked up, Shura was looking at me with a displeased expression.
“I feel like I have the whole world. To Yahweh and Buddha, we will also unify the universe.”
“what? What did I do?”
He knew that it was Amy who was unfair, but Shura was strangely upset.
“Anyway, it’s good to recover quickly. Because when the army of heaven begins its activities, the world will end. When you die, even if you die, shouldn’t you see your lover?”
She couldn’t nod her head, but Amy was well aware of the fact that recovery was the key, as Shura had said.
Shura, who was more annoyed at the fact that he only glared at her and didn’t answer, threw down the tableware and walked to the door.
“You wash the dishes.”
The door closed with a bang.

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-905.txt
=============YYYYY=============
face to face (3)
“There are 65,400 hours remaining until purification.”
Nearly an eternity had passed since Guffin fell to Hell.
‘It’s a really huge time.’
Sirone was distraught.
It’s a shame because omega is a thousandth, I would have been crazy if I had experienced Guffin’s time the same way.
murmured the Guffin.
“Time flies so fast.”
His body was skinny and his face was so haggard that his eyes went hollow.
However, his mind was still intact, and that fact alone gave Sirone goosebumps.
‘Actually, it’s not like 600 or so times have passed.’
Time is the realm of the senses, and hell is a space where the action of the senses is maximized.
‘A powerful sense speeds up the passage of time.’
In other words, the stronger the intensity of the Guffin’s pain, the shorter the purification time.
‘That is the property of time.’
Sirone recalled the memory of dissolving the momentary time into infinity in the state of invincibility.
The bizarre-shaped signals I saw when I dug deeper past 0.666 seconds of each second.
‘Perhaps it is a special signal acting on the relativity of time and senses.’
It was the truth of the time.
‘After all, what the creators of this world want is efficiency in data purification, not punishment for evil.’
Sirone’s eyes were closed with sadness.
‘Is God indifferent?’
With the same question in mind, Guffin arrived at the end of Hell, blocked by a black wall.
If you stare at it, you get the illusion that the darkness on the wall is alive and moving.
“It is the end of space.”
It was the beginning of the world of nothingness, expressed as a wall, but in reality there is nothing.
It was also the gateway to reach the end after the emotions of the other side world went through purification.
‘Ogent Guy.’
Sirone guessed what kind of ending Lian’s eldest brother would meet after he handed over the link to him and disappeared.
‘I went to the world of eternal nothingness, but it may not be as terrible as I thought.’
In fact, Jin Seong-eum would be wandering in hell without even getting a chance to purify.
“It’s an infinite wall.”
When Guffin turned around at the voice he heard from behind, an angel with black wings like a shadow walked by.
After confirming that he was Lucifer, the lord of hell, Gurfin raised his hand and raised the corners of his mouth for the first time in a while.
“Did you come to see me off?”
Perhaps it was because they fought fiercely for more than 600 or so hours, but they didn’t feel like strangers anymore.
However, Lucifer ignored Guffin’s joke and turned his gaze to the infinite wall.
“Why are you impatient? Now, if you endure for 65,000 hours, you will be purified.”
“I don’t want to be here even for a moment.”
Of course it is.
However, it was not a sound that would come from a guffin who calmly endured 600 or so hours.
Lucifer asked.
“Are you still holding out false hopes?”
After falling into hell, Guffin tried to find a way to return to the real world, but in the end it was impossible.
Unlike passing through Bakji, the subject of purification could not escape the other world.
‘Because that’s how the world was made.’
Guffin looked back at the infinite wall.
“Hope is a good thing. If you break through the realm of nothingness, you will be able to return to the real world. If that happens, hell will have to strike.”
From Lucifer’s point of view, it was crazy.
“Why are you so obsessed with reality? Hell has already been destroyed because of you. Would you be able to live a happy enough life here?”
“Yeah, right. spent a lot of time It’s going to be a really long time. But just after the award, I mean… …
Guffin shrugged.
“That eternity of time is no different from an instant.” “Isn’t that true? Time seems to continue to flow, but when we finally arrive at the end of the future…
When the moment comes when only the past remains.
“All memories are just one feeling contained in zero seconds. How long you live means nothing.”
That is why.
“An existence that cannot exceed infinity is an illusion. Me, you, and your brother…
Guffin pointed at Lucifer.
“Ekael too.”
Originally, there were nine archangels.
The eight concepts that make up the world, and another concept that is the opposite of those concepts.
Archangel of Chaos, Lucifer.
“Of course Anchera didn’t make you. because you weren’t born It can be said to be negative energy belonging to non-existent time and non-existent events.”
It is called outside the law.
“In the great chain, you and the angel are the number 2 of the law. When the concept of the angels weakens, chaos becomes stronger… …
said Guffin with a wink.
“But that doesn’t mean you can meet Ikael.”
Lucifer’s nose was crumpled at the words that stabbed him to the point, but when he looked at it, he was the only one who suffered.
“So you’re going to gamble over the wall of infinity? If you fail, you are eternal extinction.”
“doesn’t care.”
Guffin’s eyes turned serious.
“Even after 600 or so hours pass, what remains is emptiness. If God is really indifferent, that’s okay too. It means it doesn’t matter if I become a god.”
It was the reason why he did not choose reincarnation like other colleagues and remained as his signal.
Guffin walked to the wall.
“Shall we go soon?”
will break infinity
“wait.”
At Lucifer’s words, Guffin turned his head.
“I don’t think it’s enough to say goodbye?”
Lucifer got goosebumps at the fact that he could laugh even as he was heading towards eternity.
“Do you really think it could exist? Not a careless god, but a god who loves this world.”
“Hmm, it’s actually not that difficult. The concept of God is not like that. But if I’m a god… …
Guffin looked up at the ceiling and said.
“Wouldn’t it be okay to instill hope? Even if it’s just a signal.”
Lucifer was silent for a long time.
‘Messiah.’
If you can really pull it off… … .
“I will bring you back to reality.” At the unexpected words of Lucifer, Guffin
He raised an eyebrow playfully.
“Hoo? It’s been quite a while. How did you hold it in because your mouth was itching all this time?”
“There is no such thing as a method. Purification cannot be prevented in any way. But that’s why I can send you away.”
Guffin realized.
“No way, you… …
“okay. In any case, it is necessary to purify it. I will perish in your place. After all, I am the only one in hell who can replace data like you.”
“Hmm.”
Guffin, who rested his chin on his chin and thought, asked.
“You know what kind of pain it is, right? It will be on a different level than what I was able to handle.”
“Instead of… … There are conditions.” Guffin laughed.
“I knew it would.”
“If you truly want to give meaning to the ball world, share that meaning with us.”
Because it can’t end with just a signal.
“I understand how you feel.”
Guffin showed a puzzled look.
“You are different from humans. It means there is no link. It’s just part of the system that makes up this world.”
“Ichael.”
Lucifer said firmly.
“Give her meaning. Not just a system, but the meaning of being like you. This is my condition.”
“It’s Ikael.”
All in all, that stubborn archangel.
“I thought you hated it?”
In fact, Ikael, the beginning of the law, and Lucifer, the chaos outside the law, have never met.
As if being and nothing cannot be combined.
But because of that, Lucifer hated and envied Ikael more than anyone else.
I still remember.
At the beginning of the moment, the figure of Archangel Ikael, who was born with a smile in a brilliant explosion.
What was the first feeling you felt then?
‘Why am I… …
Was I born this ugly?
Sirone knew how much Lucifer’s resentment was through Omega’s early years.
‘Yin and Yang.’
The two extremes diverged at the same time as they were born.
Lucifer, who escaped from the flashback, continued to speak, revealing his feelings of collapse.
“I was jealous. Even though I was born in the same place, why am I so ugly?”
It was a matter of concept, not appearance.
“Why do I hate Ichael? Why do I think I am ugly and Ikael is beautiful?”
“So did you realize?”
“maybe.”
While fighting the Guffins for more than 600 or so hours, Lucifer’s mind also changed.
“Because I can’t have it.”
Lucifer smiled sadly.
“There is only one thing that can be done. but not anymore If it’s empty anyway… …
If emotions are just signals.
“I want to at least do it with love. Love is better than hate is not it?”
Even though they refer to each other equally, just as Lucifer saw Ikael and felt beautiful.
Sirone doubted his senses.
‘ love?’
For the word love to come out of the mouth of the lord of hell.
‘ah??????
What suddenly came to mind at that moment were the last words of Igor, the commander of the Demon Division.
‘It was this.’ – It is not that there are no penitent demons at all.
Guffin asked.
“What about hell?”
“Just because I disappear doesn’t mean the demon disappears. It’s just that the initiative passes to humans. I wonder what kind of hell the world they create will be… …
Lucifer shrugged.
“For most people like you, this wouldn’t be a bad place to be.
ji.”
“What if humans fall?”
“Hmph, there is no need to worry about hell for a guy who goes back to reality. A human-made monarch will rule the world anyway. Let’s call it Satan for now.”
“It’s Satan.”
Humans, please take care of yourself.
“good. After my purification, you can return to reality. Your Ultima will become stronger with the Lord of Hell’s repentance… …
Lucifer flashed the demon’s eyes.
“Anke Ra is strong.”
Guffin nodded.
“I know. But not alone. All Gaians will unite and attack.”
“Ikael will not help you.”
Guffin knew how conservative and proud she was.
Lucifer’s fangs sparkled.
“But you must keep your promise.”
Since the existence of the universe was at stake, Guffin had no intention of violating it hastily.
“Do your best. Under no circumstances will I ever forsake Ikael.”
Lucifer was finally satisfied.
“That’s enough.” The moment he closed his eyes and smiled at the thought of Ikael, he heard a cold voice.
“Time remaining until purification, 764 years, 1,428 circa 9,984 trillion 129.8 billion 11,763,329 hours left.”
It was the price of repentance.
After leaving the infinite wall, the guffin disappeared from sight for about a day.
“… … How much is left?”
Lucifer asked the sky.
“Time remaining until purification, 764 years, 1,428 circa 9,984 trillion 129.8 billion 11,763,329 hours left.”
It didn’t even last an hour.
“Cheuk, is that so?”
In hell, time is converted into sensations, and the lord of hell cannot feel pain.
“It’s embarrassing.”
As Lucifer looked up at the sky, the vision of Ikael was revealed.
” iced coffee??????
As much as the distance between nothing and yu, it must have been a huge love.
“If only I could see you just once.”
He reached out his hand toward her in front of him, but nothing was caught.
A beautiful smile appeared on Lucifer’s weeping face for the first time in his life.
“Ichael.”
The pain of tearing my heart into pieces.
“love you.”
That pain is completely converted into time.
“Aaaaaaa!”
It exploded Lucifer’s body into black ash and pushed him into the infinite wall in an instant.
Where only silence reigns.
“… … Purification is over.”
A woman’s voice echoes softly
lost.

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-906.txt
=============YYYYY=============
face to face (4)
The day has passed.
“Aww.”
When Amy woke up from bed and moved her body as usual, muscle pain all over her body surged.
‘It looks like it fell off a cliff.’
Grabbing my aching back, I limped and looked at the scenery outside the window.
I saw Nane and Shura, who woke up early in the morning, cultivating a small vegetable garden.
‘what are you doing?’
The world is heading towards ruin, and the Buddha of the age is plowing the field.
Sensing their gaze, Nane straightened her back and looked around the cabin.
With Nane’s smile in her eyes, Amy remembered what he had said yesterday.
‘I have to say something that makes sense.’
It was understandable that he wanted to become Sirone’s heart in order to understand her.
‘Is it love that you want to do?’ The moment I asked myself that question, I suddenly realized.
‘Why do I love Sirone?’
Perhaps, as Nane said, simply giving one’s heart is all there is to love.
“Ah, okay! It’s none of my business, is it?”
More worrying than that, was the fact that Shura had heard yesterday that the army of Heaven had arrived.
‘Havitz alone is daunting. Iruki will have a hard time. No, not on that level… …
It will be the worst war ever.
Amy, who had been thinking that far, looked at Nane with a different mind than a moment ago.
His face was full of tattoos, so he was vicious, but his smile was as naive as ever.
‘I don’t think he’s a bad guy.’
I didn’t even want to imagine what would have happened if I had been caught by Havitz instead of Nane.
‘If he’s on Sirone’s side… …
Above all, Nane was the one who swallowed the dream of Ankera ruling the army of Heaven.
Perhaps reading Amy’s thoughts, you and I shook our heads with mischievous expressions.
“red!”
When do you say you love me?
‘No, no.’
It was dangerous to expect that way, so Amy shook her head.
‘I have no choice but to fight.’
It was so hard that the body couldn’t even run yet, but magic wasn’t done with the body.
When I opened the cabin door and went out, Shura stood up, taking off the hood she was wearing on her head.
“If you get lazy. Come quickly and help.”
“why me?”
“Those who do not work must not eat. I don’t know? If you don’t want to starve, pick up pebbles.”
I wouldn’t die if I didn’t eat for a day or so, but I didn’t want to be childishly stubborn.
“Me too, Homi… …
you intervened
“Are you feeling well?”
“don’t worry. I will pay for the meal.”
Nane smiled at the sight of Amy pouting and puffing out her cheeks.
“Guests don’t have to do the work. Leave it to us here to do what you want to do. If you go into the woods over there, there is a good place to train your mind.”
“Because it’s okay. And I hope you don’t pretend to be friendly. It’s because the chicken is growing.” I wasn’t offended.
“Don’t do that and go. You are a soldier, and the world is on the verge of destruction, and if you are leisurely plowing the fields, you will burst into anger. It’s not good for your body either.”
Recalling the mission, Amy came to her senses.
“Yeah, right. what am i doing here? Whether you feed me or not, I will go to practice.” Without even listening to her answer, Shura threw her hoe and lost her temper.
“Aww, annoying! Nothing.”
“It’s not that the fire world is nothing.”
Shura kept her mouth shut.
At one time, Amy might have been just a strong wizard, but now she was a system.
‘The pillar of fire at that time.’
I could still see the huge flames that had shot through the sky from the Canian Plateau.
“Sheesh!”
Shura glared at Nane.
“Then don’t you need to be even better? One day they will become our enemies.”
“Did you tell me? If you do not understand Sirone, you cannot become a true Buddha. The same goes for sirone. You must have realized the truth of the ball by now.”
“Isn’t it just because you’re pretty?”
“haha! I can’t deny it.”
Shura’s eyes widened.
“What kind of Buddha is that?”
Nane stroked Shura’s hair.
“Pretty is pretty. The first quality to deal with the truth is not to turn a blind eye to the facts.”
Buddha’s words are always right, so I should have accepted them this time too.
‘Why am I like this?’
From the moment Nane confessed to Amy, what was the feeling that suppressed his heart?
‘Buddha, why am I by your side?’
For the first time, that little fact felt bigger than the world’s secrets.
Shura didn’t ask until the end, and Nane just plowed the field again with a polite smile.
‘Ignite!’
The moment the battery of ignition, the basis of fire magic, was installed, flames soared from Amy’s body.
“wow.”
Power that is so powerful that it surprises even oneself.
‘Is this incarnation art?’
I felt like I had become the flame itself rather than a magician who handled the flame.
“But not quite like this.”
You cannot fight Heaven’s army unless you have the power of the magic you cast in Kanian Highlands.
“Whoa. Whoa.”
I was afraid to take the first step because I had already passed the point of death once… … .
“Goes.”
Amy was a soldier.
‘Coffin of cowardice.’
As the focus point dug endlessly toward the cowardice, my consciousness faded away as if my brain had opened.
‘I can’t give up!’
If he couldn’t control the inertia of coercion, he would die like in the Kanian Plateau.
“Big!”
Hong-Eun’s eyes flashed 30 times per second, but it was impossible to control, and the flames grew endlessly.
‘no! no!’
The moment I realized that the line of control had been severed, the flames burned like oil.
“Sermon. Jin
As Nane’s voice resonated with the world, it subsided as if the flames of the world were suppressing it.
“Huh!”
It was as if someone had been submerged in the water until they were about to drown, and then someone grabbed them by the hair and pulled them out.
“ha! ha!”
Amy’s spirit bounced out into the world.
After gasping for a long time with dilated pupils, she slowly turned her head to the side.
Nane was scratching her eyebrows with a puzzled face.
“It’s difficult. I was recommending mental training, not training with the resolution of life or death.”
“What does it matter?”
I wanted to argue fiercely, but my voice was quiet because I was helped by his sermon.
Nane walked with her hands behind her back.
“Your incarnation is dangerous. In fact, it is rare for humans to awaken the elements of the natural world as incarnations. Except for Sirone.”
Hexa itself was light.
“Of course, Amy is also unusual. Perhaps the spirit of fire resides in the human mind.”
‘Jack O’Lantern.’
The fire spirit that Sirone gave as a gift from the outskirts of heaven has grown up with Amy.
“You mean it manifested as an incarnation?”
“I have maintained a higher affinity for fire than others. Of course, it is a level that cannot be reached without great training. It’s a double-edged sword. If not handled properly, it will injure the drinker.”
‘Incarnation is not simple.’
From the previous demonstration, I felt that repetitive training does not make you stronger like magic.
‘ninth.’
It requires a special realization that can control the mind beyond the mind.
‘That’s why I can’t meditate now. No, am I going to be able to do it?’
Amy herself knew best that she was far from a seeker.
you asked
“May I help you?”
“it’s okay. I will study it myself.”
If I hadn’t heard about yesterday, I didn’t want to owe Nane any more.
“Don’t make it complicated. It’s only natural to help those who are in a state of mind. It has nothing to do with sirone. And maybe, I’ll have a pretty decent birthday.”
He was the one closest to being right in this world.
“know. I still hate it.”
Nane let out a dejected laugh.
“You are really stubborn. Then I’ll give you a hint. It wasn’t very wrong. Of course, there is no such thing as big or small, but enlightenment is like that. fleeting flash. It’s a problem that can be solved in an instant with a slight twist.”
“All of a sudden?”
“yes. It’s up to you. Just put down your stubbornness for a while.”
Amy pouted her lower lip.
“Then shall we try again? Don’t worry about anything and fully open your incarnation.”
Nane stretched out her right arm.
“The Sermon Wall.”
The ocher-colored wall spread out like a fan and blocked out the surrounding scenery like a net.
Amy glared at her suspiciously, and Nane shrugged.
“At least I have to protect my land.”
“Hmm, good.”
I hadn’t heard of the mantra, but I felt something when I was told to completely open up my incarnation.
‘I was scared.’
This time I will be in control.
‘Coffin of cowardice.’
Red eyes lit up and flames rose again around Amy.
“Huh!”
That’s why it’s so difficult.
‘I know in my head… …
I thought the heart was lighter than a feather, but fear still lingered.
mind is sucked
“Huh billion!”
Again, the flames grew out of control and hit the ceiling of the defense wall that Nane had made.
‘I have to stop here… …
Then Nane’s voice rang in my head.
“Don’t stop.”
what?
“You are fire. It won’t stop until you burn everything. Get bigger. It grows endlessly.”
“eternally’?”
A flash of light flashed through Amy’s mind.
‘I see!’
The only thing that can control fire.
“Yaaaaa!”
Amy broke through the limits of fear and increased her firepower in a trance.
‘okay! burn out! Burn it all up!’
As if turned into a bomb, Amy’s mind was enveloped in the will of fire.
“Huh uh uh uh!”
The moment the will of fire penetrated beyond the speed of cowardice, a huge catharsis rushed in.
“is it so.”
Nane smiled.
“Exactly.” When Amy came to her senses, all she could see was flames surrounding herself.
“this… …
It was small, but the flames were aimed in all directions like the thorns of a porcupine.
“The Will of Fire.”
Nane said as he set up the capital.
“The true intention of the fire world is to become a fire before it consumes itself. Remember that suppressing fire is a bigger fire.”
“sun… …
Amy, who had been listening to Nane’s words in a daze, raised her hands and shouted.
“I did it! I did it!”
controlled the fire.
He had finally reached the level he had longed for since his days at magic school.
“I-I did it! I… … !”
Nane, who was watching them running around with tears in their eyes, smiled happily.
“You really like magic. Congratulations.”
Amy’s movements stopped abruptly.
“… … You got help after all.”
“You did it. I was once a wizard too, so I know how desperate you are. And just because I said a few words doesn’t count as helping.”
“When it comes to the words of the Buddha, the story is different. Honestly, if it was someone other than you, I wouldn’t have risked my life to follow you.”
“If you dig that far… …
As Nane scratched her head in embarrassment, Amy also felt a little sorry.
‘Yes, favors should be received as favors.’
“I really have no selfishness. It is you who risked his life, and if any seekers turn away from sentient beings who have lost their way… …
“thank you.”
Amy said with a smile.
“This time I got help.”
Nane, who blinked for a moment at the unexpected reaction, suddenly realized.
‘I see.’
It felt like I understood Sirone a little.

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-907.txt
=============YYYYY=============
After all, humans (1)
Amy and Nane built a campfire.
Fish from the nearby river were being cooked to a golden brown on wooden skewers.
‘ looks delicious.’
Amy’s stomach, which had received a signal from her brain, growled.
“O”
I said with a smile
“Anyway, the meal was modest.”
To Amy, who ate high-calorie military food, Nane’s diet was clearly poor.
“Speak comfortably. We’re the same age.”
“I will be two years younger.”
If you are a Buddha of the era, you don’t have to ask about your talent, but when you hear about your age, your stomach hurts.
“Are you an adult now? I am a real genius.”
“It is not a matter of time.”
“No, it is a matter of time. The faster you think, the slower time passes.”
When Nane uses her brain power to its fullest, time barely passes in a standstill.
“Don’t get too excited. Sirone-san’s insight is also formidable. His reasoning goes beyond logic.”
Amy’s expression changed to friendly.
Hearing that Nane acknowledged Sirone, an unknown sense of relief came over me.
“Can we not fight?”
The world is heading towards catastrophe, but I thought that maybe the answer is close.
“Can’t you solve it by talking to Sirone? he’s a reasonable person I’m sure you can find other answers.”
“I know.”
It was the same with me.
“But you don’t have to. It is because even now, in this world, many sirones and many nane are arguing.”
It was a world full of opinions.
“In the process, many people are suffering. No need to talk. It is time to implement it.”
“I do not know.”
I understand in my head, but… … .
“The reason I fight for humanity is because I want to be happy in the end. Neither Sirone nor you can understand why you are trying to shoulder so many things.”
“yes. It is human beings who think so.”
“You are human too.”
I shut my mouth.
“You said you would love me to get to know Sirone. Actually, I don’t even understand that, but I think I know one thing.”
Amy opened her mouth with a pitiful expression.
“This person is really lonely too.” Nane’s eyes flickered.
“No one will ever understand your enlightenment. That’s why I’m carrying everything on my back, but… …
like sirone.
“At least you can tell that you are fighting a lonely battle. therefore
You can give up when it’s hard, and you can cry when you’re sad. You are a human being before you are a Buddha.”
That moment.
A single tear ran down Nane’s cheek.
‘Poor person.’
The reason I’m not surprised to see Nane’s tears is because I’ve already seen Sirone’s tears.
These were the tears of Nane, a human being, not a Buddha.
“sorry. this… …
Just as Nane was about to wipe away her tears, Amy approached and slowly held out her hand.
“I really don’t understand.”
Her thumb wiped under Nane’s eyes.
“It’s so different… …
They’re really two different people.
“It looks the same as crying.”
The moment he saw Amy’s face looking at him with the same eyes as Sirone.
Nane’s heart started beating fast.
Gaold came to his senses.
“Where are you?”
A state of lying sprawled in the middle of a dense forest where no human being can be found.
“How much time has passed?”
I asked myself, but I already remembered
The brain that was thrown away didn’t answer anything.
“Big!”
The nerves along Gaold’s neck quivered as the pain overtook him again.
‘Coming again.’
Life was on the rise.
“Aaaaaaa!”
Because alive.
The terrible pain that he had to feel for that reason alone paralyzed his reason.
“Quack! Kuck!”
Even in the midst of shedding bloody tears, laughter leaked out of Gaold’s lungs.
“Can I tell you something fun?”
no matter how painful
“I will not die.”
It was not the pain of self-reciprocating mutations that made Gaold today, but the patience to endure it.
“Okay.”
As the pain showed signs of abating, Gaold crawled into a crawling position and leaned against a tree.
“Haaaaa… …
The pleasure rushing in at the end of the pain made my vision blurry, and I saw an unknown illusion.
At some point, to reduce the shock, the brain was spurting endorphins far beyond normal.
“Hehehehe.”
Filled with pleasure, Gaold let out a foolish laugh and twitched his limbs.
The reason why he left Gangnan and Zulu and became alone was because he didn’t want to show his current appearance.
“It’s a maze.”
In the landscape flickering like electricity, I saw the vision of Miro crying with a sad face.
“Don’t cry.”
Because that’s what life is all about.
“don’t cry.”
The memory of Gauld, whose pupils were being released, began to pass over to the other side of oblivion again.
“There it is.”
Minerva, carrying Taeseong on a jet, pointed at the disastrous scene unfolding on the ground.
“oh my god… …
A trail that Gaold committed while losing his memory.
As if a meteorite fell from the sky, creators were formed one after another along 100 kilometers.
Fried, who was riding Amanta’s world wheel together, muttered with a tired expression.
“It’s the power of a planet. Do you have the skills to endure this?”
Minerva turned her head to Taeseong, whose face was as pale as white paper.
“Be patient. You should be able to catch up soon.”
Thing said.
“Gaold was running out of control and time wasted. If you don’t cooperate, it’s a way to deal with it.”
The five major castles of the Ivory Tower, which were going directly to Lian, hurriedly changed their direction at the sudden abrogation.
‘I’m going to ignore it, but… …
The planet was on the verge of being destroyed if the magic of the half-mad Gauld was not stopped.
“It ended there.”
After passing through the forest, the river, and the area that was all wasteland, a thick forest unfolded.
“found.”
Sing captured Gaold with the law and turned, the rest followed.
“ha. ha.”
When we reached the forest, Gaold was stumbling with all sorts of filth spilling out.
“Damn it.”
Contrary to expectations, the apostate wizard who beat Taeseong was nothing more than a piece of meat in the shape of a human.
“You’re a complete idiot.”
“Kick-kick-kick.”
After briefly returning to focus, Gaold burst into laughter when he saw Taeseong and the four other five Daesung.
I didn’t miss their prestige, but my mind was already soaked in endorphins.
“Hey, where is the Central Continent?”
No one answered Gaold’s questions.
“I have to go to the battlefield, but as you can see, my brain has gone crazy. Where are you going?”
In fact, Gaold was heading towards the Central Continent, but Minerva did not want to reveal it.
“Former Tormia Magic Association president Mikea Gaold.”
Despite the title he hadn’t heard in a long time, Gaold opened his eyes in a daze and cleared his throat.
“We are the Five Stars of the Ivory Tower. And this person is the apex of the ivory tower and the incarnation of the planet, Taeseong.”
Gaold’s gaze shifted to the pale Taeseong.
“Nice to meet you.”
Taeseong tried to smile even in the midst of hardship, but Gaold’s gaze returned indifferently.
“So what?”
Fried grabbed the handle of his sword and took a step, but Minerva stopped him.
“I respect you as a wizard who has reached the state of apostasy. However, if it is already out of control, Taeseong
It is true that it is a threat.”
Gaold listened intently.
“Going to the Central Continent would mean that you still have the will to fight. yes i will ask Good and evil, what are you fighting for?”
“Kick.”
He wanted to hold back as much as possible, but Gaold couldn’t stand the ridicule that erupted from within.
“You are talking bullshit.”
With the utmost courtesy, Minerva had no choice but to frown this time.
said Gaold, raising his chin.
“Looking at you, you guys really like beliefs. If you decide on something and follow it, do you guys feel like you’re doing something great?”
Amanta turned the world wheel.
“Cover your words and do it.”
It was an obvious threat, but Gaold instead tore his mouth and compressed the air in front of his eyes.
“How am I supposed to live?” Even breathing and living day by day is so hard that I’m dying.
“Good and evil?”
The atmosphere shook terribly as the fist-sized air bullets exerted tremendous pressure.
“What do I know about that!”
Aaaaaaaaagh!
At the same time as the air gun was fired with a roar, four members of the Oh Dae-seong flew away.
“Pooh!”
Freed, who had drawn his sword before he knew it, touched the ground several tens of meters away.
‘If it hits, I’ll go to the goal.’
A tunnel was extending along the trajectory as if a huge awl had pierced nature.
“crane. crane.”
Gaold’s eyes widened as he let out a rough breath.
“Aaaaaaa!” As the pain overtook me again, my nerves were terrified, and my limbs shook violently up and down.
“Poor human.”
Minerva, wearing Taeseong over her shoulder, returned to her original position and looked at Gaold.
“Don’t try. What have you already achieved? The world was saved thanks to you. It means you can rest now. Even the woman you love anyway… …
Minerva hesitated for a moment.
“I have already forgotten you and become the true polar line.”
“The extreme line… … did it?” I had already thought that would be the case and left, so it wasn’t particularly shocking.
but.
“You guys don’t know the maze.”
Gaold had no intention of stopping.
“Yeah, never know… …
As the hedonic substances flooded in again, the vision of the weeping maze flickered.
“iced coffee.”
Singh covered his nose in displeasure as filth leaked through Gaold’s pants.
“Wouldn’t it be nice to deal with it here? I think I’m out of my mind. I can’t see you as a human anymore.”
In a situation where an important battle was ahead, the madman who had reached the state of apostasy could not be left behind.
“Human… … Can’t you see?”
Gaold looked at Thing with a bashful smile.
“eat.”
The gaze moved to Fried.
“Sleep.”
And again to Minerva.
“Cheap.”
Gaold, who was shaking his legs at the pleasure that hit his brain, asked with a sneer.
“What do you think is different?” “Answer me, stars of the ivory tower. Do you feel like you’re a great person because you’re playing on top of the world? Sitting on the toilet, pooping, talking about the universe and good and evil… … . Uhhhhh!”
Minerva’s expression crumpled.
‘It’s crazy.’
Gaold’s laughter stopped.
“That is enlightenment. What you think is the farthest from you is inside your stomach. Got it, the world’s most expensive pooping machines?”
“decided.”
Fried grabbed his sword and moved on.
“I’ll take care of it here.” As if he had been hoping, Gaold flicked the back of his hand, which was lying weakly on the ground.
“Cheuk, come on.”
Although he couldn’t expect any fighting power from his drooping figure with his back leaning against a tree.
‘… … Is this Gaold?’
No one in Oh Dae-seong jumped recklessly.
“What are you doing? Are you going to jump?”
Behind Gaold, who was viciously tearing at his mouth, an endless superheated hell spread out.

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-908.txt
=============YYYYY=============
After all, humans (2)
‘It’s really amazing.’
Gaold’s self-denial made Minerva admire.
‘He loves good, and doesn’t hesitate to follow the methodology of evil for her sake.’
I would do anything for Miro.
‘It must be painful… …
Even though I know that this world is just a ball.
‘The one who saves life from hell to the end.’ Gaold, who had everything about good and evil, was extremely human.
“why?”
Minerva asked.
“What are you doing this for?”
Every star in the Ivory Tower knew what kind of life Gautou had lived.
“Miro used you. Even if it wasn’t volitional, it destroyed your life/ Gaold’s stubbornness to not even respond caused a fire to rise inside Minerva.
“You went all the way to heaven and saved her! You broke me! By defeating the demons in the south and now giving up on love, you made a human named Miro go to extremes!”
“… … It did.”
“You still don’t know? You were squeezed by the maze. It was sucked until there was no moisture left and was thrown away!”
“I guess so.”
“But why are you holding out? Living is hell you want to end Why don’t you give up?”
“also??????
Gaold raised his chin slowly.
“Cry again.”
Maze cries.
Minerva wondered if Gaold had even spoken to her.
“Please stop! You’re a wizard! What you see is an illusion! It’s not a real maze! She has already forgotten you, and she has reached the pinnacle of goodness, and she is living well!”
Garold opened his mouth and saliva leaked out.
“You guys… … About the maze… … What do you know?”
Thing said.
“Persuasion is useless. I’m stuck in my own world and can’t accept reality. What’s left, how do you handle it?”
Fred let out a long breath.
‘That’s the problem.’
It looked like he couldn’t even lift a finger, but it was obvious what would happen the moment he entered the radius.
“I will go in first.”
It was a strategy to attack by binding Gaold’s mind with the magic swordsman’s physical ability.
Sing made a sign with both hands.
“I will redeem you with the law.
It could give you 0.01 second more.”
Fried nodded and moved on.
“… … that’s enough.”
Minerva sucked up her smoking pipe, and Amanta prepared for battle by spinning the world wheel.
Gaold was preoccupied with the vision of the maze, even as the gigantic death penalty weighed on his shoulders.
‘why are you crying?’
Why are you crying?
“You did everything you wanted. now i’m a loser It’s no use crying like that.”
“Goes.”
At the same time as Fried threw himself, the law of Thing restrained Gaold’s freedom.
Gaold’s expression did not change even as the blade flew toward the nape of his neck.
‘finished.’
Even while moving at high speed, the certainty of victory flashed through Fried’s mind.
‘In the end, he’s dead.’
It was nothing more and nothing less.
The moment a flash of light cut horizontally through Gaold’s neck, there was a sound of metal breaking.
“what?”
Only the handle remained on the sword. ‘how?’
It wasn’t an object, but it was a famous sword that could never be broken with enough power.
“Keugh!”
When he realized the pain belatedly and examined his hand, it was so tattered that the bones were exposed.
‘ vibration.’
Shockwaves pierced the skin as the air pressure vibrated the blade.
‘That means… …
That the Law of Thing has already been broken.
When Fried turned his head, there was a black hole in the place where Thing had been.
The atmosphere penetrated the ground.
‘Are you still in shock?’
Unless the soil was scooped up, there was no way the ground would be intact even with such a hole.
“Huh.”
Taeseong staggered with his eyes closed, and Minerva flew up on a jet.
“away!”
The ground swelled like a balloon, and red light leaked from cracks like a turtle’s shell.
‘It explodes!’
Aaaaaaaaagh!
With his arms crossed in the shape of an X, Fried’s body was blown away by a powerful shockwave.
“Great!”
I tried to release external gravity countless times, but it was not enough to escape the inertia.
‘It becomes weak.’
Amanta, who offset the shock by half, grabbed Fried’s hind legs and ascended into the sky.
“I was careless. It seems that I had more strength than I thought.”
At Amanta’s words, Fried shook his head.
‘No, that’s not it.’
didn’t care
It was only that Gaold’s apostasy, which he encountered in reality, was strong enough to far exceed his expectations.
When the smoke cleared, a huge crater was created where the forest had disappeared.
” are you okay?”
Minerva came flying in a jet.
“for now. But Thing is worried. How deep have you dug?”
If he was crushed by Gaold’s atmospheric pressure and went underground, he would not be alive.
After examining the depth of the crater’s center, Minerva murmured with a sorrowful expression.
“It will be 100 meters deep.”
“I’m fine.”
Then I heard Ting’s voice.
When I looked to the side, it was flying with a dislocated shoulder, gasping for breath.
“You said you held out?”
Thing pointed at Freed with his intact arm.
“The armor set of the five gods.”
It was the best armor in the world that could produce 60% anti-magic effect.
“The aiming point is off by about 4 meters. But the wind pressure alone dislodged her shoulder. She almost died.”
Even though she escaped death instantly, she faced death the moment she burrowed into the ground under the pressure of the atmosphere.
“What a humiliation.”
Amanta’s eyes narrowed.
“Even though we are apostate wizards, we are the 4 members of the Five Great Stars of the Ivory Tower. It doesn’t make sense to say you can’t win.”
Minerva agreed.
“To be honest, I am pushed by power. You have to defeat them tactically. Maybe it’s more difficult for Taeseong… …
Taeseong, the incarnation of a star, is immune to magic, but defenseless against the impact of the planet itself.
Fried prepared to jump.
“Be careful though. He ignored me and tried to deal with Thing first. That’s what instinct did. master of battle
am.”
Everyone was feeling it with their skin.
“let’s go.”
As the four of them jumped off, a cylindrical atmospheric pressure dropped from high in the sky one after another.
thud! thud! thud! thud! thud!
“in action! Sense it with the Spirit Zone”
Ordinary wizards could not even react at such a speed, but they were the stars of the ivory tower.
Upon reaching the ground, Minerva puffed up her cheeks and emitted green smoke.
toxic magic.
‘I’m weak against air magic, but… … It was of sufficient quality and quantity to focus Gaold’s magic only on defense.
‘Even if I take one breath, it’s over.’ As expected, Gaold wrapped an air shield around it to block the rapidly spreading smoke.
‘From here… …
Amanta halved the density of the air shield, and Thing concentrated the law to create a gap.
“Crush!”
Freed, who had squeezed through the gap, opened fire on Gauld.
“It’s over!”
Blood splattered everywhere.
“huh’?”
As a creature, it is normal for the body to be broken, but rather, Fried’s fists were torn.
‘Air shield?’
The air that covered the garold like skin was sharp like a blade, convection.
‘Air shield is not a passive skill. Could it be that the outer shield was released?’
If he removed the outer shield in order to survive immediately, he would have been hit by four people’s concentrated fire.
‘It’s still there.’
The proof was that Minerva’s poisonous smoke still couldn’t enter.
‘But how… … ?’
An absurd thought passed through his mind, which was still beating Gaold.
“Timeshare?”
A skill that quickly crosses two batteries to maintain two active skills.
“Boo. Woo-woo.”
A painful moan escaped Gaold’s mouth as he staggered with his eyes closed.
Fried burst into laughter.
“Puhahahaha!”
However, unlike the sound of hearty laughter, his eyes contained sorrowful emotions.
‘It’s ugly.’
I’ll try to live though. What does Gauld look like crossing the battery with a brain that has already been damaged by pain and pleasure?
“Wow. Woo woo woo.”
The sound he made while straining his concentration reminded me of a frightened fool.
“If you climb to the top of the world
west… …
Fried vividly remembers the shock and awe he felt when he defeated Buddha.
“Did you even sell your pride, autumn de!”
Fried, who was so angry, poured out violence, not even caring about his fist being broken.
As the durability of the air shield gradually weakened, shocks began to affect the body.
“Uh uh uh uh uh.”
Even through the pain of his flesh breaking and his bones cracking, Gaold watched the maze.
sniff sniff
The image of her sitting helplessly, covering her eyes and crying, must have been an illusion, but… … .
‘Why are you doing this to me?’
Gaold’s heart was torn in a thousand pieces.
‘What am I going to do by crying like that!’ There was nothing he could do for her as she had already become her ruin.
‘You’ve done enough! I gave my life and I did everything you asked me to do!’
sniff sniff
‘What else can I do here! You’ve reached the extreme line! I don’t have to take care of myself anymore!’
sniff sniff
Freed’s eyes were bloodshot.
“die! I mean, just give up!”
The attack was so powerful that it bruised his entire body, but Gaold didn’t care.
‘What are you saying to me! If you have a conscience, tell me! You gave me all my life! But why do you keep coming to me and crying and F*cking! why! why! why!’
Miro lifted her head and moved her lips slightly to her tear-stained face.
Gaold.
I couldn’t hear her voice, but the shape of her lips felt like it was stuck in my brain.
‘shut up! I hurt more than you! There is no one sicker than me in this world! What more do you want me to do here!’
Gaold.
‘I’m going crazy wanting to die! I don’t even have the strength to lift a finger! what the hell am i… … !’
me, it’s so hard
The moment Miro’s words stuck, Gaold’s pupils constricted, revealing the whites.
“… … How can I do it?”
The moment the dry voice leaked out, Fried’s face turned pale.
‘ what?’
The world was shaking violently.
“Because I will.”
Gaold, grinning at this, released the air shield and charged at Freed.
“I will do anything you want!”
don’t cry
“damage!”
At the same time as Fried shouted, he kicked the ground in the opposite direction with all his might.
“Damn it… …
But the moment Gaold’s air press exploded, he realized it was all in vain.
The feeling of the weight of the air on your shoulders increasing at a tremendous speed is the height of horror.
‘Everyone dies.’
Woo woo woo woo!
A low roar pounded the ground, and the four members of Oh Dae-seong sat down and looked around.
“What, what?”
Nothing was destroyed.
‘The atmosphere spread rapidly.’
At what was probably the point of impact, Taeseong was gasping for breath with a pale face.
A breeze whipped her skirt.
“I’ll save you. Instead of… …
Gauld, who raised his chin, said with a dry smile on his parched lips.
“Take me to the battlefield.” While everyone was silent, Garold looked up at the sky and murmured.
“Are you done now?”
Miro’s vision was sticking out its tongue and laughing.

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-909.txt
=============YYYYY=============
After all, humans (3)
Abyssal Cliffs.
The area where the 12.4 magnitude earthquake swept through was no longer a valley.
As the land swept away by the waves was torn apart, endless cliffs were formed.
“Big!”
At the bottom of the deep cliff, Yu-Jung kicked up the air and jumped.
Her golden eyes gleamed terribly in her eyes covered in black dust.
“Sir… … Wow! Kuck!”
Air leaked from the cut in the throat.
‘Where are you?’
The corpses of demons filled half of the landscape, but Satan was nowhere to be seen.
After shaking off the dust, Yu-jeong pulled out a strand of hair that was shiny like a wild horse.
‘Healing line.’
The hair in the air began to vibrate rapidly, emitting golden light.
As the string of light created a new phenomenon, Yu-jeong’s throat slowly healed.
“Huh!”
When the hole in her neck disappeared, she was the first to take a deep breath.
“You son of a bitch!”
He opened his eyes and let out a roar.
“Don’t hide, come out!”
Meira of swear words spread all over the place, but the corpses of the demons remained silent.
“Sheesh! Did you run away?”
Just as Yu-jeong was about to pursue Satan, swinging her yeoui-bong, footsteps were heard.
“huh?”
As she turned her head indifferently, a tension she did not even know existed appeared on her face.
Tess was looking at the oil well through a 20-meter-wide crack in the ground.
“Are there any survivors?”
She is the daughter of the spy family Elzain, so she is the right person to look at the size of the earthquake and the trend of the demons… … .
‘It’s not that woman.’
The person who sent chills down Yu-jeong’s spine was Rian, who had just landed next to Tess.
“huh? Are you human?”
Yujeong blinked and stared intently at Lian, who was looking this way.
‘Hwaangeumjeong.’
When I saw the truth of the world with penetrating eyes, I was able to realize the true nature of the horror.
‘It’s the same as me.’
He was the one who realized the idea.
“I am not human.”
Rian tilted her head at Yoojung’s words.
“Then is it a demon?”
“It’s a stone monkey.”
Tess turned her head with a puzzled expression.
“What do we do? You seem to be in shock.”
“No, it must be true.”
She was a woman with such a huge presence that I couldn’t help but believe her no matter what she said.
“Did you cause the earthquake?”
Hearing Ryan’s question, Tess frowned.
“What nonsense… …
An earthquake of magnitude 12.4.
As the entire cliff in the abyss collapsed, the dynamics of the demons could not be confirmed.
‘It’s not something humans can do.’ Yoojung said.
“huh. did I?” Tess’s face went blank, and Lian and Yu-jeong, who were staring at each other, asked at the same time.
“Who are you?”
Static again.
This time, Lian spoke first.
“We have to investigate what happened here. Could you please cooperate?”
“Hmm, cooperate.”
Tess’ face turned red as Yoo-jeong put her hand in her pants and scratched it.
‘What is a real monkey?’
Yoojung said with a smile.
” Nope?”
“Then I have no choice but to ask.”
The moment Lian grabbed the Daejikdo, an afterimage of Yujeong appeared in front of him.
‘Fast…
Before he could even begin to think, Yeoui-bong rushed into Lian’s forehead.
Lian, who avoided the attack by turning his head, aimed at the enemy’s waist and brandished a great sword.
Kurrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr!
Macha’s single sword split the world horizontally.
‘I avoided it.’
Ryan’s gaze turned to the sky.
It didn’t feel like she was faster than Natasha, but her reflexes seemed to surpass her.
Yoojung’s eyes twinkled.
‘You’re attacking information.’
Immune to physical force, she realized why she was decapitated by Havitz’s sword.
“then… …
After she pulled out her hair, a Buddhist string phenomenon occurred, resulting in numerous alter egos.
“What is that again?”
Lian gritted his teeth and raised his sword at the sight of him falling, filling the sky.
As a huge flash passed, the field of view opened, and the substance of the oil well crashed through it.
“Kiyiyi!”
The moment Yoojeong swung her Yeouibong vertically, it increased in length and hit Lian’s great sword.
“Big!”
What I realized at the moment of the collision was that it weighed several tens of tons, and it was even increasing.
“Is this all?”
At that time, Lian, who had both legs buried in the ground up to the knees, lifted the great straight sword.
‘It has no weight.’
Yu-jeong, who reduced Yeoui-bong to the speed of light, landed on the ground and rotated once.
“Lilacing the Ecriture.”
When I stretched out my legs wide and held out the yeoui-bong, an afterimage spread out like a shotgun.
Puff puff puff puff!
Dozens of holes burst through Lian’s body.
w twist 99
The moment she looked back at Tess with a meaningful smile, Yoo-jung’s expression froze.
Even in front of the death of a colleague, it was a moment to feel strange at the calm face.
“Whoa!”
Feeling goosebumps and looking away, Lian, whose body was regenerating, was standing there.
Wood deok! Wood deok!
As the muscle fibers twisted, Lian, who had suddenly transformed into the body of a yaksha, struck down the straight sword vertically.
‘ I have to stop… …
Yu-jeong withdrew her pole and tried to defend her head.
‘what?’
As if in a dream, time passed slowly and the arms did not rise.
‘uh? uh? uh?’
As the world opened from behind Lian, the will to cut was rushing in.
Yoojung screamed evilly.
“Kiyaaaa!”
The Daejikdo strikes the center of Yeouibong, which was barely timed, like a thunderbolt.
“????????
Yu-jeong’s pupils shook, and indescribable power rushed into her arms.
jump.
At the time when one thousandth of a second was divided again into a thousand, I could see Yeouui Peak splitting.
‘ iced coffee.’
A strikingly beautiful blow.
‘If it fits over there… …
Just when I felt my hamstrings tingle, Daejikdo stopped in front of my forehead.
“Why not avoid it?”
“huh?”
She, who had opened her lips like a monkey, came to her senses and stepped back.
“Oops.”
He was so absorbed that he forgot that Rian’s sword could destroy him.
“It’s embarrassing.”
Yu-jeong, who bent her waist awkwardly, continued to rub her thighs back and forth.
After roughly finishing the arrangement, she threw away the half of Yeoui-bong, which had been split in two, and aimed at Lian.
“what is your name?”
“Ogent Lian. you?”
“I am Son Yoo-jung.”
It seemed like the name of the Jincheon Empire, but there was no way that such a strong person would not be known.
“Where are you from?”
Yoojung pointed to the sky.
“Heaven. I like you in particular, so I’ll tell you. Heaven’s army descends… …
A huge voice exploded from the sky.
“Son Yu-jeong!”
Raising his head at the voice that pierced his heart, the archangel Ikael frowned.
Yujeong raised her head and bared her fangs.
“Sheesh, why did that lady come? I’m trying to play properly from now on.”
“Son Yu-jeong. Indulgence is understandable, but breaking the laws of the Heavenly Way is unacceptable.”
“What if I can’t tolerate it?” As Ikael’s eyes widened, Yoo-jung’s body began to harden like a stone.
“Great!”
“Even if you are not a Buddha, there are many ways to redeem your freedom. If you go against my wishes one more time, then I will disqualify you as a creature.”
Yujeong’s eyes turned to Lian.
“It’s embarrassing… … !”
Get stuck here?
“That’s how it happened.”
Rian looked up at Ikael and asked.
“If Heaven’s army has infiltrated, does that mean that Ymir is also here?”
At that moment, the restraint of Yujeong was released.
“Kiyi! sure just… …
Her body was hot and she was about to soar into the sky, but Ikael opened her mouth.
“Are you Lian?”
“huh?”
Yu-jeong let go of her murderous intention and asked.
“You know this guy?”
Ikael remembered the blue-haired boy who had blocked Ymir’s alter ego with physical bullets.
‘It’s been a big deal.’
At the time, they were mere humans, but now they were the first priority of the heavenly army.
‘I’d like to deal with it now if possible, but… …
Making hasty judgments before finding Buddha would have a negative impact on the future.
“Wait, Lian. Ymir will find you even if you are not in a hurry.”
Yoojung’s head turned around.
“Ymir? Are you going to fight him?” There was no answer, but it was a fact that could be known just by looking at Lian’s eyes burning with fighting spirit.
“Oh my.”
With a meaningful smile on her face, Yu-jeong flew up into the sky and stood next to Ikael.
“Let’s fight again next time, funny man.”
“Those… … !”
Tess stepped forward and tried to shout, but Lian raised her arm to stop her.
“Let’s send it for now.”
Ikael’s wings flashed, and at the moment of the flash, his body stretched out at a terrifying speed.
Lian, who was watching the long clouds created by the oil well, turned to Tess.
“are you okay? Where are you hurt?”
“At least the shrimp didn’t burst in the whale fight. Anyway, let’s go back and see.”
“okay. In this amount of time, the temple would have already figured it out. All that remains is an all-out war.”
Ymir is coming.
“Are you okay? Hell’s Army
do… …
Tess stopped talking when she saw Lian, who was trembling with a flushed face.
‘Well, since I’ve been chasing after his afterimages until now.’
Because she was also a prosecutor, she could understand Lian’s complicated feelings.
“No need to worry. You are the best swordsman in the world. Even the king of giants is no match.”
Ryan smiled eerily.
“come.”
For the first time, it felt like time was passing slowly.
“How was it?”
Ikael, who hadn’t spoken a word since leaving the abyssal cliff, asked Yoo-jeong.
“huh? what?”
“A person named Lian. I bet you, crazy about fighting, don’t have any thoughts.”
Yoojung showed off her bright colors.
“Of course it was awesome! It’s been a while since I’ve been there! Oh, I want to fight again. If it’s that person, I don’t think I’ll get tired of fighting for 100 days.”
That wasn’t what Ikael wanted to hear.
“Of course it is. Because they are descendants of Ogent.”
“huh? Ogent?”
Yu-jeong, who had been searching for memories for a while, suddenly raised her eyes and shouted.
“what! Ogent!”
The one who stood up against Ymir with a human body.
“that’s right! Come to think of it, he said it was Ogent Lian! ah, that’s right Whoa, a descendant of Ogent?”
Yoo-jeong is proud of her bloodline, but there was a feeling that Ogent was slightly pushed aside.
“So I am asking. You too have competed with Ymir. What if the two fight?”
If Rian had surpassed the power of his ancestors, Ymir could be in danger as well.
“Is it really Ogent? Wow, check out that legend. what a waste! Ikael, who would have at least heard of Ogent’s exploits if he knew sooner, frowned.
“Son Yu-jeong!”
“huh? uh, why’?”
“Aren’t I asking, which side has a better chance of winning if Rian and Ymir collide now?”
Yoojung blinked her eyes.
“What are you talking about? Of course, I heard that a person named Ogent was the strongest in the history of Heaven… …
As she judged Rian and Ymir, she laughed and raised her index finger.
“Of course, Ymir is no match. It will probably turn to dust in 3 seconds. Oh, if it’s the main body, of course.”
“… … is it.”
She felt old because she had a history of humiliation from Ogent, but there seemed to be no need to worry.
“In addition, I am the only person in the universe who can defeat Ymir. Of course, right now I’m not willing to stay still, but if I want to… …
In spite of the endless chatter of Yujeong, Ikael only urged his way.

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-91.txt
=============YYYYY=============
[91] Reversed Master/Servant (2)
Dodging the flash of the rampaging Photon Cannon, Kanis was embarrassed like never before. Why are you not tired? It was as if the limit of mental power had been cut off.
Please enable JavaScript
– Harvey! I’ll get it this way!
Harvest still hasn’t received any comments. It was ominous because it had never been like this before. Besides, I couldn’t figure out why. Canis knew best that she was not a magical creature foolish enough to remain silent during battle because she felt bad for a disagreement.
– Harvest! Answer me!
A photon cannon brushed past Canis, who was paying attention to the mental channels. He hurriedly turned his back, but it was obviously a belated response. It wasn’t that it was dodged, it was that it wasn’t hit.
“what?”
About 10 flashes of light were fired from Sirone. But this time, too, the aim was not accurate. Canis finally realized. Numerous flashes of light were extinguishing all the darkness that could travel to the Dark Fort.
‘This crazy… … !’
If he couldn’t hit it, it was a strategy to hold on and defeat him. It makes sense, but isn’t it too ignorant? He had already fired more than 200 shots of mentally consuming magic like the Photon Cannon. Even so, far from getting tired, the number of flashes continued to increase.
‘How big is your mental power?’
The thought gave me goosebumps. As dozens of photon cannons filled Kanis’ field of vision, despair filled his heart. A bunch of flashes were coming in, blocking all possible routes to the Dark Fort.
‘This cannot be avoided. It’s over.’
It was angry and cynical. He was more afraid of being defeated by the wizard of light in front of Master than dying.
– That’s annoying. Arcane.
– Harvey?
The dogfight begins and the first mental channel opens. Harvest blocked Canis’ way and received the Photon Cannon with his body. A bizarre groan leaked out as the whole body of the magical creature shook at the shock waves that came in succession.
Thinking that the surface alone could not be absorbed, Harvest opened his body wide and swallowed the Photon Cannon whole. His body trembled, and his waist, which had been said to be as thin as a tiger, inflated like a balloon. His body’s absorption power was fully activated and began to digest the photons. Then he gradually returned to his original form as his body contracted.
“Ouch… … !”
Canis bent her upper body with a shocked expression. The reason Harvest was able to absorb the Photon Cannon was because he used his mental powers. However, arbitrarily borrowing power without approval was impossible due to the master/servant’s contract.
– Harvest?
– Wake up and get ready!
Harvest, who absorbed all of Canis’ mental power, flew to Sirone and brandished his claws. Sirone, not accustomed to close combat, was cornered. Harvest’s speed was nimble enough to catch up with an evasive action by teleportation. How could this be? It seemed even stronger than Canis.
Ethella, who had the same thoughts as Sirone, looked back at Arcane. From the way he watched the battle with emotionless eyes, I could tell the full story of the situation.
‘Viltor Arcane. What a cruel man you are.’
The reason why the best magic creature was attached to Canis wasn’t because he loved his pupil. To him who was burning with his vengeance, disciples were nothing but consumables to fulfill his will. A fuel tank that can maximize the power of Harvest. That was the significance of Canis’ existence.
As Sirone increased the link speed of teleportation, Harvest’s movement became faster. Canis’ complexion turned pale like a corpse’s. He couldn’t even think because his mental strength was drained. Only emotions like betrayal and deprivation echoed in my head.
– Harvest. why?
All that came back was silence. The life in Canis’ eyes died when she realized who was the owner. Tears welled up as everything that had passed passed by like a kaleidoscope.
Sirone took refuge on the ground. He had his blood dripping from his wounds, which had been cut as if cut by a knife.
‘The Photon Cannon doesn’t work either. There’s not much time left to unlock Immortal Functions.’
Canis, who came down with Harvest, put her hands on the ground. The pupils were out of focus. Harvest didn’t care and rushed at Sirone. The battle had to be finished before Canis’ mental strength was exhausted.
Shirone thought while dodging Harvest’s sharp claw attack. The situation that had been winning a moment ago was reversed in an instant.
master-servant reversal.
As Harvest, who was only an assistant to Canis, came to the fore, things began to change. A magical creature that has no fear of death. Could there be a more demanding enemy on the battlefield? The Canisra was a combat weapon that moved while sucking the life out of the fuel tank.
‘Combat weapon… … ?’
Sirone suddenly realized that he was mistaken. She had been obscured by Harvest’s intellect until now. The meaning of the reversal of master and servant was simple. Enemies changed from living to inanimate. Then, of course, magic had to change accordingly.
Revamping her strategy completely, Sirone canceled the photon cannon and cast a photon output. The reason why the Photon Cannon is dangerous is because of the impact force that destroys living things. However, physical force was not important to Harvest, who had no life for him. If it is specialized in absorbing energy, it can be destroyed with energy that exceeds the limit.
Since the photon output is pure magic and does not even have mass, it was more flexible than the Photon Cannon. Moreover, the immortal function was still open. When Sirone’s power, which transmitted light with 100 percent efficiency to 300 hologram devices installed in the school, was concentrated in one place, a beam of light large enough to cover a person’s body was shot.
“Great!”
Harvest was pushed back as if being buried in the light. He had no physical powers, but smoke was rising from his body made of dark matter. However, since he is immune to light, the nature of photons did not help. Only the energy contained in the photons could cut him.
‘I need stronger energy.’
Sirone came up with the formula that energy is the square of the mass and the speed of light, a representative formula of photonization theory. God Particles are batteries that impart mass. Then it was possible to convert mass into energy by reversing the formula of photonization theory.
Cells of photon output were reconstructed based on mass. When combined with the omnipotence of the Immortal Function, mass began to be converted into energy in real time. The pleasure felt when the theory and reality matched perfectly was incomparable to anything else, and Sirone felt a thrill as she took her first step into the unknown world.
“I-what is that?”
The eyes of everyone watching the battle widened. The photon output began to taper off, emitting a blood-red glow. I didn’t know what kind of magic it was, but the color alone was threatening.
Iruki recalled a story about a certain phenomenon of light that he had heard from his father, the leader of the dragon.
“that… … Are you sure it’s not a laser?”
“laser? what is that?”
“The light energy is highly amplified. Could it be called the ultimate evolution of the flash series? But how is that possible?”
Razor was a matter of brute force, not talent or effort. It took at least 10 years of mental rebound to gain enough strength to amplify photons with lasers.
However, if you take a mathematical detour, the story is different. Sirone, who reconstructed the theory of photonization based on divine particles, amplified energy through mass conversion rather than brute force. In other words, the original battery developed a new route.
“Kuaaaaa!”
Harvest struggled in pain. The laser was extremely thin compared to the photon output, but the energy it accumulated was beyond imagination. Color wasn’t a problem from the beginning. The real danger was the invisible heat rays outside the red wavelength. A single-wavelength laser was generating enormous heat as the molecules vibrated.
“Harvest!”
Canis clutched her painful head and screamed. The fact that a huge shock hit the brain meant that the limit of energy that Harvest could absorb had been exceeded in just two seconds. It was the power of Sirone’s new magic laser pulse cannon.
Harvest tried his best to digest the energy, but the molecular vibration speed was too fast. As the amount of absorption reached saturation, it increased in size and eventually inflated like a balloon.
Etella observed Arcane’s reaction. Seeing that there was no change in expression even in a situation where defeat was dark, I felt uneasy.
“Canis! Stop giving up!”
What’s next for the massively bloated Harvest? It may be annihilation, but it may be a much more terrible ending than that.
“shut up! I will fight!”
“You are being tricked by Arcane. Harvest is not your subordinate. Rather, you were Harvest’s subordinate. Arcane just used you.”
Canis didn’t answer. He’d be lying if he said he wasn’t feeling anything. From the time he heard that the final product of the archmage, the magical creature, would become his, he thought that it might be possible. He just didn’t have the courage to face reality. If he admits the truth, there is nothing left for him.
“I win! I’m not afraid to die! I will never give in to the likes of you!”
When he came to his senses, he was in Radum, which is called the hell of the world. To Arcane, he was just a consumable. To Harvest, whom he considered a friend, he was nothing more than a fuel tank. It didn’t matter anyway. Only the heart that hated the world remained.
‘Canis… … .’
Arin covered his mouth and wept. Canis has always been such a child. She was a poor child who could do nothing for the people she loved but torturing herself.
“Master! Save Canis! please!”
I didn’t even think of being a teacher. Still, he bent over his pride and ej*culated in order to save Kanis. However, Arcane only gave orders to Harvest with cold eyes.
“End here. Harvest.”
The energy-saturated Harvest couldn’t answer. He was about to explode, making a sound with vibration. And that was the result Arcane wanted.
– Canis. listen carefully.
– Harvest.
– Arcane intends to explode me. Probably everyone in this place will be caught in the explosion. Then you and I are finished.
Arin solved the mental control of the students. And rushed at Arcane, pouring her tears and her snot.
“Save Canis! Otherwise, I will not forgive you!”
“scale!”
said Canis, standing up.
“What are you doing to Master? Stop right now.”
“Canis! This human… … !”
“okay. Master saved us from hell. He said he allowed me to get out of Radum. That’s enough. I will fight to the end.”
Did Canis really mean it? But it didn’t matter now. His anger burned so intensely that he even felt relieved of his own death.
“okay! We will all die together!”
Canis shouted to the sky. Hot tears ran down his cheeks. What a dirty life she was. However, if that is his fate, he will face a disgusting end until the end.
“Quaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!”
Huge bubbles bubbled through Harvest’s body as the molecules boiled. Now anyone could tell. Arcane was thinking of blowing up the entire school.
“Sirone! stop! Harvest explodes!”
Sirone, who was pouring out energy in a trance, heard Etella’s words and hurriedly stopped the output. However, a detonation reaction was already underway in Harvest’s body. He foretold that the 2nd and 3rd explosions would occur when he bizarrely twisted the angle.
“Ha ha ha ha ha! bye! You must feel dirty dying with trash like me! I’m going to end everything with this!”
– Canis. sorry.
Canis’ face hardened.
– I will cancel the master-servant contract.
Harvest absorbed all the remaining mental power and canceled the contract. Kanis, feeling deprived as if her soul was draining, fell to her floor with her face in shock.
“Uh, why… … Harvey… … .”
Harvest flew into the sky. How many seconds were left before the explosion? 3 seconds? 2 seconds? In the process of running towards the end of life, the memories permeated in the form of vibrations were revived. Harvey. Harvey. Harvey. It was a pity to think that I could no longer hear the voice I used to call out.
‘Quack. Canis. you have that problem Pretending to be strong unnecessarily.’
Since there was no life from the beginning, he was not afraid of death. I was just worried. The sense of betrayal I received through the mental channel was still felt as if we were one body. But since he couldn’t convey anything now, Harvest just hoped.
I hope Kanis isn’t hurt too much.
At an altitude of two kilometers above the ground, where voices could not reach, the corners of the mouth of the shadow’s face were grotesquely torn.
“It was fun though. Canis.”
Woooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo!
There was a huge explosion that destroyed the darkness of the world.
(end of volume 4)
—————————————

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-910.txt
=============YYYYY=============
Eventually human (4)
Vulcan gritted his teeth and muttered.
“This is a bit embarrassing.”
Currently, the armies of Hell were stationed in the mountains 60 kilometers from the cliffs of the Abyss.
‘I never thought it would be that powerful.’
As Harvitz argued, it was not as strong as the universe to tear the veil of the universe apart.
‘The definition of apostasy is the transcendence of the system.’ In the end, abortion in terms of human standards only meant that they had crossed the limits of the biological world.
‘But that woman is different.’
The power that destroyed the abyssal cliff was approaching the natural system beyond the biological system.
‘It won’t be possible from the beginning. That kind of power didn’t come out when dealing with Natasha.’
what mechanism is it?
‘Gwangwang banjo. anger. special law… … While I was analyzing the mechanism of Son Yu-jeong, there was a commotion on the side where Havitz was.
“your majesty! Calm down!” Havitz, who was kneeling on the ground, was smiling eerily as he strained his ten fingers.
“dare… … Destroy Shiok?”
Every time the purple smoke rising from his body shook like a haze, the demons suffered.
“Big!”
kind of chaos.
If they were all united, they would become the incarnation of Satan, but they were in a state of rage to the point where they couldn’t keep their form.
‘It’s the first time Havitz makes such a face. why? Is prison really that important?’
Only Havitz knew exactly which of the 12 apostles stayed at 0.666 seconds.
“Fix it, Satan.”
The woman said as she passed in front of Vulcan.
He was less than 150 cm tall, with pitch-black hair and a pale face.
The pupils in his unusually large eyes gave off a sense of madness, even though he couldn’t find anything special.
“Paimon.”
Paimon, commander of the 9th corps, is the cause of a hospital in the demon world.
Originally, he served as a soldier in the army of hell, but now he was deprived of his position as general commander by the Balkans.
‘Am I still jealous?’
The reason Havitz started talking even though he was far away was because he was conscious of Balkan.
‘I can’t help it this time, but.’
If it wasn’t for Paimon’s ability, the scale of the damage caused by the earthquake would have been much greater.
Raising the corner of her mouth towards the Balkan, she spread her fingers like a flower bud opening.
“Eating Out Ban (BAN).”
It was the ability to isolate a specific space and then absorb the motility of those trapped there.
‘Definitely convenient for strategists.’ Except for being brutal.
‘By isolating 6 million of the demon army, I moved the remaining troops 60 kilometers at the same time.’
It was she who had previously minimized the infection of Minerva’s magical walking dead.
“I can tell what you want to say just by looking at your expression. However, it is a theory created by humans, and it is an ability.”
Paimon’s smile was convex.
“Yeah, that’s right. I mean, a small hair on a weak subject is awesome. Eating out is quite fun.”
Only insane humans can become law eaters, but it didn’t really matter to the demons.
It was outside the rules in that he had already given up 6 million allies without hesitation.
Paimon waved his hand.
“Because being interested in humans is also the play of demons. Anyway, I’m watching you, Commander-in-Chief who failed.”
As she moved away from Havitz, Natasha sneaked up to her and asked Vulcan.
“Shall I kill you?”
“no. Let’s watch it for a moment. It seems that Satan’s influence is stronger than Havitz’s now.”
Paimon whispered something to Havitz, who was constantly muttering.
“……r
Havitz blinked and turned around, and Paimon smiled as cool as a blade.
“It will be a lot of fun.”
“Quack.”
As Habitz’s chaotic period merged into one, a gigantic incarnation of Satan rose up.
“Ha ha ha ha! Ha ha ha ha!”
“What did you hear that made you do that?”
Natasha, who was watching from afar, asked, but Vulcan put her chin on her head and was lost in thought, but did not answer.
‘Of course I… … He’s not a nice guy.’ He was the one who killed hundreds of millions of people with the idea of winning the rare game of World War II.
‘I’ve done all the bad things a human can do.’
How boring Harvits must have been to realize Link while only looking at the pupils of a dying corpse.
“But Havitz dies of excitement’?”
When Natya turned her head, Vulcan’s temples were sweaty.
“I’m really a bad guy… … Why?
“This time, the creativity of the demons is on fire.”
“Knock-knock! Knock-knock!”
Paimon, who smiled with his eyes lifted and his mouth covered, was looking sideways at Balkan.
? ? ?
Iruki jumped up and shouted.
“Let’s think one more time!”
The commanders turned around with surprised expressions, and Aromi hurriedly approached him.
“Sir General?”
Iruki’s eyes widened.
“ah.”
The thoughts that kept swirling in my head came out of my mouth without realizing it.
‘Great stress.’
It was understandable from the heart, but it was a problem in a different sense that the commander-in-chief’s inner thoughts were revealed.
“sorry.”
Iruki confessed meekly.
“Baska is an overcrowded area. If an elemental bomb explodes there… …
I didn’t even want to imagine it.
“Baska is the capital of Tormia. It is also the place where the General Commander-in-Chief’s Mercodyne family resides.”
“that??????
The commander cut off his words.
“I know, I am not conflicted because of that. The same goes for us. What I want to say is, in the end, it’s something the commander-in-chief has to choose.”
‘I have to choose.’
It was a situation where the lives of everyone living in Baska could be decided at one stroke.
‘What would my father do?’
If it was a mercodian albino, would it have given up the citizens of the capital city in order to maintain humanity?
‘It can’t be.’
He would have found a solution in any situation.
‘Of course he couldn’t find it.’
What I realized in the contradiction is that even this kind of thought is a useless delusion after all.
‘This is a situation that only I have experienced throughout human history. I don’t even have anything to compare to.’
That’s why the commanders handed over their full authority.
‘No, there is.’
Sirone.
A philanthropic Yahweh would have been able to understand the situation and feelings of Iruki.
‘Is it? Sirone.’
Iruki’s eyes turned red.
‘Have you been fighting with such nonsense on your shoulders?’
The commanders called out with concern as they showed their emotions.
“Sir General.”
Iruki raised his head without wiping away the tears.
“Leave me alone.”
He had a resigned smile.
“Before you become a rare murderer, can you be possessed with at least the tears of a hypocrite?”
Aromi’s face turned into a tear-stain.
‘I can’t do this.’
It was her job to keep the general’s reason calm, but to be honest, this was too much.
“Sir, if it’s that hard… …
“no.”
Iruki gave the order.
“There is no reverse strategy. I will attract the demons to Basuka.”
I’m sorry, Sirone.
‘This is the only thing I can choose.’
Because Sirone wouldn’t be able to.
“Please call the president of Tormia’s Magic Association. Oh, and the manager of ‘Rope’ too.”
Tormia’s top-secret encryption system, Rope.
“Lupist… … And are you talking about Dante?”
“yes.”
Iruki’s tears were already dry.
“In the name of the Valkyrie General Commander, I approve the opening of the flower project ‘Flower Garden’.”
dark night.
When Amy, who had been working hard on training alone, entered the cabin, Shura was waiting for her.
“You go around very well and have a blast. Do you think your body is fully recovered now?”
“so so. What about me?”
“Why do you care about that?”
Nane was kind, but Shura revealed her harsh personality as time passed.
I guessed why, but I wasn’t sure, and I didn’t want to think about it.
“I am leaving tomorrow morning.” Shura’s eyes widened slightly.
“I thought it would be good to say goodbye in advance. because it helped me a lot Where are you now?”
“… … In the garden behind the vegetable garden.” Amy turned around and walked to her door.
“okay. Thank you for all this time too.” Shura stopped her.
“Why are you fighting?”
“what does it mean?”
“Now you know. Buddha is right. Why are you so obsessed with a world where balls are everything?”
Amy looked at the door and opened her mouth.
“A man who loved me died in terrible agony. to save me.”
Corporal Berrick.
“Isn’t it the end when you die? It’s love, and you’ll never see me again. But that person chose death. When I asked him why he did that, he said what Ram said… …
Amy turned her head.
“He said he wanted to be an incredibly cool guy.”
Looking at the sad smile on her face, Shura kept her mouth shut.
“Human beings will die one day. But just because the ending is the same doesn’t mean the process is the same. He’s dead, but he’s still alive in my heart.”
“I’m alive… … Shura recalled the will of Veron, the head of the Tenro Society.
– Live.
“So you fight. After all, even if it’s a ball, even if this universe disappears… …
Amy opened the door.
“Because my last one will be more beautiful than yours.”
The sound of the door closing wasn’t loud, but it sounded like thunder to Shura’s ears.
After leaving the cabin, Amy climbed the hill along a well-known mountain path.
Nane was sitting with grass in her mouth.
“… … Was it that uncomfortable being with me?”
seemed to already know.
“Thank you for your kindness. But my body has recovered, and I have a lot to do.”
“I know you will be busy.” Nane pointed to the other side of the landscape.
“See? A little while ago, the energy of evil was born with the greatest scale ever.”
Amy turned her head.
“Can’t you see?”
“I can see the hell that is about to unfold in this world. It won’t be at a level that a human being can endure. It will be more painful than dying.”
Nana turned her head.
“I have to finish it.”
Amy couldn’t refute it because she knew she wasn’t someone to be fooled with lies.
“I’ve been thinking about it for days.”
Amy sat down next to Nane.
“You said you would love me. How do you think you can still love me?”
“I admit it. It’s easier said than done. But I realized a lot.”
A true Buddha is not an extreme.
“No matter where you go, you are human after all. Therefore, it returns to being human and transcends everything.”
Nane’s heart beat faster as he looked at Amy.
“The me at the beginning and the me now are different. I can understand now. I sincerely… …
“What if I go to you?”
Nane’s mouth was closed.
“If I love you, not Sirone, can I fight to protect this world?” If that makes the world happy, if war disappears and everyone can survive… … .
‘Amy’s love.’
Nane’s thoughts raced at breakneck speed.
‘You’ll be happy. is it so. If you stay by my side, I will want to protect this world too.’
Time barely passed.
‘iced coffee.’
Even when I was digging into the truth of the universe, I didn’t seem to be caught up in so many anguish.
‘Sirone.’
For the first time, I was envious of Sirone, who was able to include Amy in her life.
“I am… …
Nane, whose face was distorted, opened her mouth.
“I am committed to the salvation of sentient beings. I love you, but I cannot turn away from those who suffer.”
“okay.”
Amy smiled sympathetically.
I felt like I could see why Sirone left the person she loved and Nane couldn’t come to a compromise.
that much belief.
‘But now I am too.’
Amy asked for a handshake.
“how are you. Thank you. It’s a little strange to say this, but… … I hope you get it done.”
“haha.”
Nana smiled and held hands.
“yes. You. I would like to see it come through.”
In the end, there will only be one winner.

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-911.txt
=============YYYYY=============
God’s brain (1)
Omega 187 years.
Returning from Hell in the Underworld, Guffin rallies the Gaians and prepares to leave the photon realm.
“It will be an interesting trip.”
The hearts of those welcoming the new era were thrilled.
“There is only one way to leave the photon field.”
In the presence of a thousand Gaians, Guppin began his final speech.
“Leave the rule of Anchera, we
Everyone becomes the manager of this world.”
Everyone knows, but the Gaians silently paid attention to the guffin on the high spire.
“We have no more controversy, no more doubts. The true master of this world. Thus, it will escape from the cowardice of Anchera and transcend infinity.”
The sound of applause rang out.
Although small compared to the total population, the number of individuals was not very important to the Gaians.
‘Of course, today is different.’
In order to destroy Ankera’s authority and leave the photon world, the more personal codes, the better.
People gathered as the guffin descended from the spire with flying metallic hair.
“It’s about time. Your role is important.”
Gaiain was integrated into Ultima, but the core keyword was still Guffin.
“Magic.”
reason of the phenomenon.
Realizing the truth of this world and changing the current situation through that realization are two different issues.
Only the infinite wizard, Guffin, will be able to open the final lock at the end of the universe.
“We choose.”
At the end of the truth, the pride of the Gaia people who regained the meaning of perfect existence pierced the sky.
“Mr. Guffin!”
A woman with her golden steel hair curled up into a swirl came up.
“Milla?”
When Guffin returned to the Underworld, he was the first historic child born.
“It’s been a while.”
Gaia’s distinctive sharp impression gave off a bright and soft atmosphere.
“sure. She’s a full-fledged lady now. She has no idea how much she has been waiting for this day.”
Mila’s face turned slightly red.
“From the day I fell in love with you.”
“okay. I’m sorry.”
Guffin smiled and stroked her hair, and Mila stuck out her tongue and smiled brightly.
“are you okay. When you leave this world, everything starts anew. I might have a chance.”
“haha! I hope so.”
It was Mila who was rejected by Guffin, but her heart was not scarred. Because we know that mutual consent is necessary to love.
‘Know what is right, and do it.’ I was lucky to be born as a Gaian.
“Guffin, the preparations are complete.”
At the elder’s words, Guffin opened his 11th sense, his palace.
‘Ultima.’
It was felt that all Gaians on the planet were aware of the Guphin with a sense of urgency.
“then??????
Guffin turned to Mila with a smile, and she nodded with a refreshed look.
“Goes.”
That moment when the Spirit Zone opens and spreads through the infinite realm at the speed of light.
pop!
Mila’s face exploded.
The body that remained only from the neck down staggered from side to side and fell with a thump, and the guffin turned its head.
“Archangel.”
In the distant sky, Ikael was looking down at the ground with his halo greatly expanded.
“You foolish people, why do you throw away your God-given authority and bring about your own death?”
murmured the Guffin.
“Ataraxia.”
The concept that gave birth to this world.
‘The closest signal to the outside world. The range of amplification can be said to be the distance from nothing to significance.’
Even the infinite wizard, Guffin, was difficult to deal with at the top of the universe.
Chief Gaia looked at Mila’s condition.
“dead. I attacked faster than the sense of time bomb. I couldn’t have stopped it.”
“I hope it was a good dream.” Guffin looked up at the sky.
“Archangel, can I interpret the current interference as the will of Anchera?” Ikael nobly raised his chin.
“It is the law, not interference. I, Ichael, the archangel, will destroy those who disturb the law.”
Having expanded Ataraxia to the ends of the sky, she stretched out her hand toward the ground.
“This is your last chance. Follow God’s will.”
With one flick of her finger, the ground would be pushed and the mountains split.
“God?”
Guffin smiled.
“Don’t get me wrong.”
When the eyes of the guffin burned with golden light, the eyes of all the Gaians were lit up.
“You guys dare!”
As Ikael held out his hand, the air around him began to fall at a breakneck speed.
“Ultima System.”
A thousand Gaians gave birth to an idea.
“I refuse.”
Woooooooooooooooooooooooooh!
A dome-shaped curtain spread over the ground blocked the wind pressure from pressing down on the mountain.
‘how?… ”
Ikael, whose pride was hurt, wrinkled his forehead.
‘What is that light?’
Where is it connected that it exerts the power to ignore even the laws of this world?
“Ikael, do not doubt.”
Ikael, who caught sight of the guffin flying into the sky, twisted his nose.
‘If only 1 person… …
The moment he thought so, a sphere of light was born from Guffin’s hand and he was horrified.
“Photon Cannon.”
Flashes of light containing mass rushed towards Ikael at a speed close to the speed of light.
‘Ataraxia!’
As she amplified her sense of time, she ducked her upper body to avoid it, and a flash of light struck the plateau behind her.
Aaaaaang!
The power to blow away a whole 20,000 ton pile of dirt was comparable to the previous Ultima.
‘As expected, I have to get rid of that human.’ Feeling a sense of mission as an archangel, Ikael gnashed his teeth and flew towards the Guffin.
The moment the head of the angels and the representative of Gaia collided orthodoxly, the world shook.
‘How can such power be possible?’
A guffin’s voice was heard amidst the flashes of the photon cannons like showers.
“I told you not to doubt it.”
When Ikael turned his head, a guffin that had transcended time and space was approaching in front of him.
“Because the asteroid is shaking.”
A flash of light approached Ikael’s wide-open eyes at an incredible speed.
“Keugh!”
The moment she tried to use the power of amplification, a giant pin blocked her way faster than the photon cannon.
“uh?”
Aaaaaaaang!
A roar shook the heavens and the earth, and the guffin, hit directly by the flash, flew away with Ikael.
thud! thud! thud! thud!
Ikael, who had penetrated as many as four peaks and was pinned to the ground, immediately raised his head.
The guffin was holding her by the waist, not even moving.
‘why?’
Just as Ikael slowly reached out his hand, Guffin suddenly raised his face.
“As expected.”
said Guffin, raising one corner of his mouth.
“Angels don’t have hearts.”
It was only natural that he was an angel with a mental body, but Ikael felt strangely unpleasant.
“There is no reason why angels should imitate lower human organisms. We are the best intelligence.”
“okay?”
Guffin slowly raised himself, frowned and knelt down.
“Aww!”
Ikael looked down and found the charred back of the guffin.
It was a choice that could not be made without going crazy.
“Why did you do that?”
Guffin didn’t answer.
“I’m not the one who will be destroyed by that level of attack anyway, but to you, I’m sure I’m the enemy who killed my own people, right?”
“I made a promise.”
Today’s opportunity would not have come if Lucifer had not perished in place of Guffin.
“I cannot harm you.” Self-attacking and self-blocking was Gaia’s primary way of thinking.
“What are you talking about? A promise?”
The guffin scratched its wire-sharp head.
‘It’s embarrassing.’
The face of Lucifer, who had asked Ikael to find the meaning of existence, shimmered.
‘ aha.’
Guffin, who discovered a certain possibility, popped his face right in front of Ikael’s eyes.
“you. Can I eat raw food?”
The moment he finished speaking, Ikael’s eyes widened and he swung his fist at a tremendous speed.
“Aww!”
The guffin was hit in the jaw with a straight shot, flying dozens of meters and crashing into a huge rock.
“A worthless human being dares to scorn an angel?”
Even if they borrowed a human body to produce the Nephilim, it was far from an animal act.
Guffin came closer, holding on to the dizzying goal.
“Ah, what a temper… …
“Shut up. In the end, all of this must have been your cunning. But it doesn’t work for me.”
At that moment, Guffin’s eyes lit up.
“Who made this world?” Facing Gaia’s distinctive gaze, this Kael frowned and replied.
“Eternal immortality. He is the one and only God who gave light to this world and gave birth to angels.”
“You really think so?”
Ikael’s eyebrows trembled.
‘I really hate that look.’
It felt as if the Archangel and everything in the universe were considered less important than filth.
“Are you saying you are a god? Anke Lado, me too, does that mean that everything is a lie?”
“no.”
Guffin shook his head.
“We are no different. Even if humans made this world, who made them?”
The eternally repeating bondage of creation and creation.
“So I want to go.”
“I do not allow it.”
As Ikael raised his will to attack, Guffin held out his hand and said.
“shall we go together?”
“??????what?”
“Because you don’t know what comes first until you go. Let’s check it out together. do you know When you reach the end beyond infinity… …
Guffin smiled.
“There might be a meaning of your existence there.”
“The meaning of existence?”
She was born as an archangel and never once doubted her existence.
‘I am the first. I am the birth.’ But looking into Guffin’s eyes, I really felt like I was going to escape somewhere.
‘The outside world.’
Ikael frowned and shouted.
“gibberish! Do you think you will fall for human words? I am Ichael, the chief of the archangels.”
“okay? Then you can’t.”
Thinking he had done enough, Guffin snorted and activated the Ultima System.
It was delayed for a while, but many Gaians were ready to leave the photon world.
“Goes.”
The moment Guffin’s body turned into light, Ikael saw an amazing sight.
‘really… …
As the blue sky disappeared, signals were intersecting against a black background like space.
‘Does it really exist?’
should be blocked
Also, if it was one Guffin, it was a situation where Ataraxia’s activation could sufficiently block it.
“ah??????
but.
Ikael was mesmerized by the hundreds of millions of flashes soaring towards the sky.
“Is it over there?”
Every time the body of the guffin scattered with light faded, the star light shook nervously.
“Me too… …
Ikael held out his hand.
Ankera’s eyes flashed open.
‘Something?’
Before I realized it, the sensation of the electric shock was intense, and the huge pupils shook rapidly.
A voice mixed with electrical noise spread.
“Detection of total abrogation intention to the universe. Target, Gaia. Code quota, 99.8 percent of the total. Searching for optimization countermeasures.”
Silence has arrived.
And after a while, Ankera, who regained her original eyes, returned with a magnificent voice.
it was brain
“Activate Code Argones.”

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-912.txt
=============YYYYY=============
God’s brain (2)
The ground started to rumble.
“what?”
The guffin’s body, which had been scattered by the light, began to return to its original form.
‘I lack momentum.’
In order to break through the universe, the thoughts of all Gaians must be integrated.
‘Ultima is shaking.’ It means that among those who can be linked to Idea, a minority has expressed a different opinion from the whole.
‘But why?’
The guffin, glowing in the form of a man, was lost in thought, and immediately found an answer.
“Is it me?”
Guffin’s gaze was fiercely aimed at Ikael.
‘Because I protected the archangel.’ Even though they are the same Gaians, the thoughts of the Guffins who have experienced the end of hell are definitely different.
‘I had to carry it through, or inspire it. At this rate, I can’t penetrate the universe.’
It is possible to make the allocation rate 100% by expunging user codes with differing opinions.
However, if it was not approved within the integrated thinking, Ultima would rather be broken.
‘Lucifer, you’ve handed over your terrible debt.’ He realized why he was satisfied with the promise that he would never harm Ikael.
‘It’s going to happen like this anyway.’ The time to choose has come.
Do you drill through the universe with a 99.8 percent allocation rate, or stop for perfection?
‘Ultima is… …
Almost everyone agreed.
“damn!”
As the link of Idea weakened and the signal came in normally, the blue sky spread again.
“ah??????
Kael, who was watching the process of closing the world, asked.
“What happened?”
“As you can see, it failed.”
Ikael closed his lips as Guffin showed his displeasure.
“What was the ringing from a moment ago?” While looking where his colleagues were, Taeseong appeared on the ground.
“Ankera made the decision.”
Argones left humans, but Taeseong, their mother, still couldn’t abandon them.
“Gaia.”
Taeseong is approaching.
“Argones. He will annihilate you who turn this world into nothing.”
The ground trembled again, revealing parts of the huge monster body that filled the sky.
“That one?”
Even just looking at the part that came down under the clouds, I could guess that it was in the form of a huge sphere.
“Cell Buster.”
Taeseong said with a sad expression.
“Argones will reset all humans.”
As the monster body split, it differentiated into countless spheres and began to fall toward the ground.
“Sheesh!”
The guffin flailed, followed by Ikael, who climbed high into the sky to watch the situation.
“Unbelievable… …
The gray sphere had a tail dozens of times longer than its size and started attacking the Gaians.
“I refuse!”
As the Ultima system was activated, the anti-cell was blocked by the giant dome defense wall.
The moment the impact was applied, the sphere split in two, doubling in number and mass.
“Stop! It can’t be pierced!”
Taeseong came to Ikael’s side.
“It will be unstoppable.”
Each time it collided with the defense wall, the anticell continued to increase, eventually covering the entire dome.
“It is a characteristic of biosignals. If the goal is not achieved, the anticell will continue to multiply and fill the universe.”
“Is the universe full?”
Ikael’s face hardened.
“To you born in the universe, the biological world may seem insignificant, but the true power of living things lies in their adaptation.”
Taeseong’s gaze was directed at the tadpole-like spheres that were digging into the dome little by little.
“Theoretically, Argones can spread biosignals to any universe. Angels are no exception.”
Ikael bared his teeth.
“Angels give birth to creatures? I would rather perish on my own than to suffer such shame.”
“I am talking about special circumstances. sugar
If God can create biosignals, it is possible to plant angelic offspring in human bodies.”
“I am not interested in that.”
Even in the middle of the conversation, Gaiain’s defense wall was gradually cracking.
“Is Gaia’s history going to end like this?”
“There is one way.”
Taesung said.
“Ra, Gaia, and Argones are independently responsible for the universe, nature, and the biological world. Even Ankera cannot activate Cell Buster directly.”
“It means it’s a special situation.”
“Perhaps an act of subversion to the universe. It will be a special measure to contain it. If the Gaians give up their apostasy, I will be able to step forward.”
“But it… …
Ikael did not see it as possible.
“Isn’t that all Gaian has?” Taeseong knows too.
That’s why I just kept silent and waited for Guffin’s decision.
“There is no end.”
Sweat dripped from the face of the guppin who flew around the outside of the dome and fired photon cannons.
There seemed to be no way to stop the Anticells from multiplying twice no matter what kind of attack they made.
‘With the strongest attack… …
As the grinning Guffin raised his arms to the sky, light with mass gathered like the sun.
“Yaaaaa!”
A flash of light that could devour the world scratched past the dome.
“Okay… … !”
The face of Guffin, who had been smiling contemptuously, hardened.
Every time the mass storm passed through the colony of anticells, it grew like a cancer cell.
‘Is it unstoppable?’
The size of the colony was large enough to dominate a radius of several tens of kilometers, and the number of individuals seemed to reach the gyeonggi unit.
An astronomical number of anticells moved in an orderly fashion and changed into the shape of Argones’ face.
But that’s for a while.
He looked at the guffin and raised the corner of his mouth, then dispersed again and poured down the barrier.
A crack formed in the dome, and the anti-cell entered through the gap and hit Gaiain hard.
“Aaaaaaa!”
Guffin looked closely.
The process in which cells devour themselves and disappear as if in reverse evolution.
‘I can’t resist.’
Even the strongest human beings who have reached Ultima are ultimately living creatures.
Even Gaia was helpless in front of a vessel that contained the spirit and a code that destroyed the body.
‘I have to make a quick decision.’
Guppin watched as countless anticells spread all over the world.
I was seriously thinking of exterminating humans.
“Don’t give up!” The voice of the elder of Gaia was heard.
“It is our choice! Beyond infinity! Finding the real us is the only way!”
Guffin bit his lip.
I knew that the Gaians would not give up because they had established an integrated mental system.
‘I have to stop.’
But Guffin couldn’t do that.
‘It’s something I brought on myself.’
A minor crack that started from the promise with Lucifer drove the situation to this point.
Gaians shouted.
“Freedom! Self!”
The moment when the dark anticells broke through Ultima’s defense wall and attacked the Gaians.
“I will surrender.”
Guffin implanted in his head an opinion extremely opposed to the integrative mental system.
Aaaaaaaang!
In an instant, Ultima collapsed and the defense wall disappeared.
“what… … !”
The Gaians were more surprised by the fact that their integrated mental system was broken than by the disappearance right before their eyes.
“omg! omg!”
The Gaiain elder watched as the anticell froze in front of him and did not move.
“why?”
“why?”
In front of Argones’ eyes, Taeseong was keeping his eyes open with his arms wide open.
“Stop here. You gave up on apostasy. Are you really going to annihilate those children?”
“It is an order from Ra. Even if it’s not dependent, it’s a matter of cosmic scale. His judgment takes precedence.”
“What about your judgment?”
“Nothing different. If the universe is destroyed, no life will exist. It’s you, every life born in Gaia is precious, but… …
Argones’ eyes grew cold.
“I have a mission to maintain the living world. Compared to that mission, one race is a trivial matter.”
“One race?”
Taeseong sighed sadly.
“It’s the name you gave me. Gaia.”
“… … It is a sentimental conclusion.”
“no. Maybe this is the mission. You and I exist to make them.”
“Then what about us?”
Taehyung didn’t answer.
“Did it just exist to make humans? No, we are gods. At least in this universe. What do you gain by denying it?”
“To know the truth… …
Argones stopped talking.
“truth? What on earth is the truth? Is it the truth to open the lid? Do you really think that’s real? What if even that is a lie covered by another lid?”
Perhaps.
“Gaians are just creatures. It’s just one of many things we’ve made. Why should I care?”
“Eventually those kids will find out the truth.” “You know. Foolish, arrogant, and with an evil disposition unmatched… …
A sad smile spread across Taeseong’s lips.
“Recognizing what went wrong and moving in the right direction in the end
O”
Humans.
“It is the greatest masterpiece we have ever created.” The reason Taeseong couldn’t refute it was because he also watched Gaia’s history.
Why is it unexpected?
Why can’t it be stabilized differently than other creatures?
“That’s why I don’t like it.”
Among the children of Argones, only humans are different.
Taesung replied.
“On the one hand… … I am proud of you.”
“joy.”
The body of Argones, who had been moving away while showing his back, permeated into the ground.
“This is your last chance. No matter who wins the war that will begin, I will be watching.” Being free from Cell Buster was a blessing to the Gaians.
“Whoa.”
After leaving Argones, Taeseong sighed and looked at the sky on the other side.
“Once you get over the hurdle.”
The war between gods and humans was about to begin.
“It disappears.”
The anticells that were filling up the field of view converged in reverse and were rapidly shrinking.
“What happened? why?”
The muttering Elder of Gaia looked around and found the Guffin.
“What’s happening!”
Guffin came over and bowed his head.
“sorry.”
At that moment, all the Gaians who survived Cell Buster let out a bitter groan.
‘Wrong.’
The appearance of the guffin was clearly an independent action that broke away from the overall thinking.
“Is Ultima broken?”
The elder shook his head.
“No, it can’t be! What a sacrifice we have reached! Guppin’ that, you… … !” The moment the elder shut his mouth, the Gaia people around her spoke as if they understood.
“Anger is not helpful. If we diverge here, we will return to the old humanity.”
A society of conflict where numerous opinions collide.
“I will take responsibility.”
Guffin declared.
“I will not open the Palace for the time being. Then the Ultima system will be perfect again.”
“What are you thinking?”
Looking up at the sky, Guffin exchanged glances with Ikael, who was coldly looking at the ground.
“… … I will fight.”
An era in which gods and humans coexist.
After accepting Omega’s information, Sirone realized that this point was a singularity.
‘Guppin has left Gaia.’ It is not possible to know exactly what happened from the records you read in Babel, but… … .
‘One thing is certain.’
It was the fact that the Gaians who remained by the side of mankind until the end were the Guffins.

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-913.txt
=============YYYYY=============
God’s brain (3)
Omega 201 year.
Hundreds of angels and thousands of maras occupied the sky.
Every flash of the halo of justice stirred the law, and Mara’s violence fell upon the earth.
“Ooooooooooooo!”
At the same time, a golden light lit up in Gaiain’s eyes.
‘Ultima system.’
As the quantum signals of 300 million people were integrated into one, the veil of the world was peeled off.
“this??????!”
A huge stream of light, like the Milky Way, rushed into the angel’s camp, making a great detour.
“Attack!”
The flying angels, flapping their wings of light, slammed into the signal with all their might.
Woooooooooooooooooooooooooh!
The ripples of a shock wave larger than the planet spread out into space, and the archangel’s meeting room shook.
“Damn human!” The archangel of union, Methiel, revealed his white teeth.
“How long are you going to wait? Why don’t we just step out and destroy it?”
Unlike her innocent face with blonde hair over her waist, her eyes were full of murderous intent.
The Archangel of Birth, Kariel, helped.
“My thoughts are the same. If you stay like this, you will overturn before you even try to reset.”
While the Guffins were making their own moves, the Gaians also strengthened Ultima’s system.
The conclusion that Ankera made to prevent another cosmic apostasy from happening was initialization.
said Uriel.
“Let’s wait a little longer. If the reset succeeds, the future where the Gaians existed will also disappear.”
Redesigned from the beginning of the universe, it would prevent this from happening.
Whoops!
As the white watch shook again, Satiel, the great angel of decomposition, raised his eyebrows.
“Still, it’s really great. It is unbelievable power of human power.”
Combination and disintegration are sister concepts.
That’s why Satiel’s appearance, like Methiel’s, was heavenly beauty.
The only distinguishing feature was that her hair was bobbed and her eyes were innocently large.
Metatron, the archangel of existence, said.
“Be careful what you think, Satiel. Does a being with the rank of archangel praise a lower creature?”
Satiel pursed her lips.
“I have to admit it. You know what, when you dissolve any being, everything becomes the same?”
Methiel showed a displeased expression.
“So are we the same? it’s not you are so childish That’s why you can’t dominate humans.”
“Al, okay.”
Satiel hurriedly lowered her head.
Born with the concept of decomposition, she tended to treat all things equally.
This was the reason why Methiel, the archangel of union that symbolizes individuality, was inevitably difficult.
As the atmosphere subsided and the archangels fell silent, Ikael opened his mouth.
“Angel’s line of deterrence has collapsed.”
The authority of an archangel overflowed in her eyes as she had fought countless battles with the Gaians.
“You mean that much?”
White steam like milk flowed from the body of Uriel, the archangel of destruction, and permeated the white mirror.
“I will go out. Today, I will destroy Ultima.”
“no. Everyone joins the fight.”
As soon as there is even a slight crack in Ultima, the world of Anke will be initialized.
‘Not being able to come close means that the spirit of Gaia surpasses the army of angels.’
The only answer was a sortie.
“Is it really necessary to go all the way to me?”
The archangel of extinction, Faiel, could not admit that the situation had come this far.
‘Paiel.’
Sirone, passing through Omega’s records, took an interest in the archangel she had annihilated herself.
‘It was really strong.’
It was only after paying the price of over 127 years with Valhalla Action that he was able to defeat him.
Even considering the debt of time, considering that less than five years had passed since then, he was a terrible enemy.
“Everyone participates.”
Ikael warned Fael.
“Don’t hastily assume enemies, Faiel. Because of that, we are paying the price now.”
“I admit the enemy.”
Ultima is strong.
“What I want to say is, why do we have to act according to your wishes?”
Rayel, the archangel of light, asked.
“What are you talking about? Are you suspicious of the archangel who is directly carrying out Ankera’s orders?”
“Maclein Guffin.”
Ikael’s brow wrinkled.
“When the Gaians first tried to leave the photon world, the archangel couldn’t stop them.”
It was a long time ago, but the angels did not forget.
“What do you mean? If it were you, would you say you could have stopped the Gaians?”
Only Fael, the concept of symmetry, could confidently present an objection to Ichael, the head of the angels.
“Of course, Ultima is strong. What I doubt is why the guffin saved you.”
The story of the guphin that flew right after firing the photon cannon and stopped Kael was talked about among the angels.
“Are you alive? Even if he didn’t block it, I wouldn’t be hit by such an attack. And he had already been given sufficient admonition by Anchera for failing to restrain the Gaians. It’s not for you to step out.”
After receiving Ankera’s stern rebuke, Ikael’s spirit became stronger.
In any case, since the archangel was Ikael, Faiel had no reason to dispute any more.
“My name is the name of Ankera. All archangels listen. Go out right now and stop the Gaians.”
“I will follow your orders.”
The eight archangels disappeared at the same time as they permeated into the curtain of the white watch.
“Strike! Drive harder!”
The lightning that split the sky into thousands of pieces rushed forward and pierced the group of Gaians vertically.
“Weak.”
Looking up at the electricity dispersing in all directions from a height of two kilometers above the ground, Maishin raised an eyebrow.
As the eldest and representative of the Gaians, he was fighting Heaven with a leadership no less than that of a Guffin.
“This should be enough,” he pointed forward with two fingers, and the Gaiain’s mind was united.
“thunderbolt.”
Qurrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr!
As the world opened and lightning struck, the screams of the angels were heard.
“AA AA AA!”
In front of the energy of the abolition, even the concept of angels was destroyed.
“Geuk, reset.”
In the crowd walking towards Ankera, there was a man sitting on a rock smoking a cigarette.
It was Leo, the battle leader of the Gaia race, with a huge body and an impression resembling a wolf.
“Ankera. You’re having a strange dream.” A woman with iron-colored hair hanging down to her ankles passed by his muttering billowing white smoke.
“hey! Everyone is moving, what are you doing alone? After this became the captain, he fell out.”
“Ah, will it show that I’m missing one?”
“If everyone thinks like that, who will want to walk? Won’t you wake up soon?”
We are having a hit-and-run conversation, but there is only one conclusion for each other anyway.
“It was delicious.”
Leo hurriedly threw a cigarette, put his hand in his pocket, and walked over to the woman’s side.
“Penny, if the time is right tonight, a high-pitched high-pitched voice interrupted my speech.
“You insignificant humans!”
Where Gaiain’s eyes were directed, an angel with a ferocious impression had his eyes wide open.
“How dare you disobey God’s command! A great disaster will overtake you!”
Leo’s expression darkened.
“What is that angel?” said Penny.
“It’s Icasa. Angel of Desire.”
She, who can reverse causal effects with her Valhalla action of the judicial halo, is determined to be annihilated.
“Let’s go, angels! Our world cannot be stolen by insignificant creatures!”
Confirming that the eyes of the angels were changing, Ikasa rushed toward the ground.
“Great Ankerasi!”
As black and white information accumulated in her halo, huge results flooded in.
‘It can never be stolen!’
Whoever wins becomes a god.
On the other hand, the losing side would have to taste the abyss of being on a different level than being a slave.
“Die, humans!”
Sirone thought.
‘It’s impossible. Even if we reverse cause and effect, we cannot bring about the result of stealing lives.’
It was a fact that I could know because I used the same judicial halo, but it made perfect sense after realizing the invincibility.
‘It’s because the codes are different.’
This world consists of a photon code that serves as a physical background and a mind that dwells there, that is, a quantum code.
‘Time belongs to the photon code. On the other hand, the subject that triggers the act, that is, the mind, is a quantum code.’
Thus, the photonic code has no access to the quantum code.
‘kill! Even if it’s just one person!’
However, Ikasa’s feelings were sincere.
The future he pulled in for that result was all of the fists he could throw out until his own body crumbled.
“This world is ours!”
Leo’s eyebrows twitched.
“… … You are making a big mistake.”
The moment he raised his shoulders and clenched his fists, the eyes of 300 million Gaians lit up.
At the same time, Ikasa activated the Valhalla action.
“Die aaaaaa!”
As the cause and effect were reversed, a shockwave of innumerable circles blew to the ground.
“Your world?”
Leo, who lowered his center of gravity, took the posture of thrusting his right fist toward the sky.
“No, we use it.”
Although the signs of the world cannot affect the mind.
“Divine transcendence.”
Extreme manifestations of the mind dwell in the signals of the world and cause powerful phenomena.
“Immediately!”
In front of the illusion of fists crushing the landscape, the shock wave of the Valhalla action was broken.
“this??????
When space overlaps, time becomes meaningless.
The will of divine transcendence penetrated Ikasa’s torso, which had a blank expression on her face.
“Aaaaaaa!”
Seeing him fall with only his upper body remaining, the wings of the angels that followed stopped all at once.
“I can’t win.” A mournful vibration was heard around the frightened angels shaking the planet.
“Did you know now?”
The voices of 300 million people uttered at the same time destroyed the vibrations of the angels.
“We are one.”
As the 300 million sound waves resonated, the sound stretched as if time slowed down.
“I-over there… …
Where the angels pointed out, a procession of well over 100 million Gaians was joining the main camp.
“With an integrated mindset.”
The angels bit their teeth as they crossed the procession without even touching each other’s collars.
“Existences with different personalities.”
The Gaians suddenly stopped walking and took 400 million different poses.
“We are the universe.”
A procession of Gaians numbering at least 100 million was approaching from all sides.
“We are the truth.”
Everyone’s eyes were on fire, and the vertical flashes of light gushing out of their bodies were connected to the sky.
“That’s human… …
The final evolutionary form of society achieved by users.
“Black. Black.”
Ikasa, whose upper body was left, shed tears as she watched the procession of Gaians pass by.
Friends walking while chatting, children holding parents’ hands and smiling brightly.
The actions were different, but the golden glow in their eyes contained the same emotion.
“no.”
we are the owners
“no! Absolutely not! I am god! I am a noble angel!”
Some of the Gaians who had been casually passing by stopped walking and looked back at Ikasa.
“Keep.”
Facing Gaiain’s eyes squarely, Ikasa stopped talking in fear.
“ah??????
And I realized
‘Good and evil, none of it matters.’
If a Gaian called evil and called good, it would be good, and if gong was called child, it would be love.
‘Because they are everything.’
If all beings see a black stone and say it is a white stone, is the color of the stone black or white?
-Akashic Records or Ultima System?
‘Humans define it.’
Therefore, if the little boy whose eyes are now met decides to kill himself mercilessly… … .
‘That is also the truth.’
I waited for the disposal with frightened eyes, but the child just smiled and passed by.
“Huh!”
Ikasa buried her face in the ground and sobbed.
“Aaaaaaa! Aaaaaa!” In the moment defined by her insignificant existence, she began to see cracks in her luminary body.

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-914.txt
=============YYYYY=============
God’s brain (4)
“I can’t go on like this!”
At the report of the triangular Mara, the angel looked back at the spire of Arabot, 40 kilometers away.
In a place where there were no heavenly barriers or seven heavens yet, only Ankera’s sacred place was revealing the mighty dragon.
‘This is the last line of deterrence.’
The angel was frightened when he confirmed again the countless processions approaching from the end of the horizon.
A population of roughly one billion people was approaching, joining the ranks from all sides.
“If you’re going to do it, do it, if you’re going to say it, don’t.” Mai Shin, the representative of the Gaia people in the lead, put on a pitiful expression.
told
The angel is in the middle of the pond, and the maras are all.
Winning fist, watching
holding
asked
“What should I do?”
The biggest problem is
The source of the angels, freely in the hands of the dog
The concept is what defines a Gaian.
“Elysion.”
The spirit of Gaia as one and as a whole.
“Shall we finish?” When Myshin raised his hand, the eyes of one billion Gaians lit up and were linked to Idea.
A huge hole was opened in the sky, and the clouds flowed back like a waterfall.
“I-that… …
The moment I saw the huge hand of light coming out of the black tunnel, the angel’s luminous body shook.
“It’s not like we were playing around.”
Once threatened with extinction by Code Argones, they aggressively polished Ultima.
“Hand of God (Hand of God).” As the finger of light swayed flexibly, the river water flowing on the ground began to evaporate.
“Just stop it!”
The angels launched an all-out attack at the size of a hand that could crush Arabot with a single grip.
It wasn’t a flashy firefight, but the powerful concepts that supported the early days of the universe hit the Hand of God.
“It’s ridiculous.”
Why is it called the Hand of God?
“It is omnipotent.”
It was the hand that created the universe.
The Hand of God, who entered while destroying the original concept, grabbed the angel with his index finger and thumb.
“Kyaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!”
It wasn’t long before the being screamed out in agony from the oppressive pressure, and the angel squinted his eyes and shouted.
“You dare to pretend to be God’s name… … Kuck!”
Between the thumb and forefinger, the angel’s body burst into dust with a popping sound.
“You can come in anytime.”
The Hand of God, which had bent its fingers sequentially as if caressing the air, turned over and held out the back of its hand.
As the angels watched in terror, five fingers opened wide like a lotus flower.
The surface of the Hand of God shimmered in five colors as if it contained all the phenomena of the natural world.
After a while, an orb of light rose from the center of my palm.
“Big!”
As the sky and the earth vibrated at the same time, the angels felt motion sickness for the first time.
“Photon Cannon.”
It was a blow created by the Ideas of all Gaians, and God’s blow to the world.
“It is over.”
The moment the Hand of God moved and the photon cannons were stretched out in a flash, the angels shouted.
“calm down! I can stop it!” The phenomenon itself is nothing special.
‘you can do it! A little bit of mass
It’s just that I’m flying fast!’
with a roar
“ah… …
flashes fly
everything went pale
Without experiencing it, I could intuit that it had the power to blow away the planet’s hemisphere.
Qurrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrring!
In the blink of an eye, lightning fell on Arabot.
judicial halo.
‘Ragnarok!’
Yuriel, who had accumulated the concept of destruction, sprinted towards the Photon Cannon at tremendous speed.
It was an incident taking place at the sub-light speed level, but the angels with a sense of time saw it clearly.
Yuriel’s body began to peel off after entering the center of the Photon Cannon.
‘Even Uriel-sama… …
At that time, when the feeling of resignation dwelled, the photon cannon exploded and spread a mass wave.
“Big!” The angels who had flown to the spire of Arabot frowned and looked ahead.
‘It’s fine.’
Although features spread outward around the explosion point, the scale was much smaller than expected.
Maishin looked around with a bitter smile.
“… … You are doing something useless.”
Breathing heavily, Taeseong was shedding tears of blood while holding his hands together.
“Are you really going to see the end?” Gaia has the ability to redirect the shock signals applied to the planets to incarnations.
Also, the fact that she shed bloody tears meant that the photon cannon’s power was equivalent to a meteorite impact.
“Be quiet. We’ll take care of it.”
Planets don’t matter.
However, it was unpleasant to see Gaia, who had been on the side of humans for a long time, suffering.
‘Exploding the light-speed mass created with the Hand of God… …
While Maishin looked at Yuriel with serious eyes, Leo came to the side.
“It is not possible with one archangel.
ji.”
Inhaling deeply, he opened his eyes and stared at Arabot.
“Zoom in.”
When the Hand of God rolled his index and middle fingers into a circle, a magnifying glass of light was born.
As the distance of tens of kilometers approached as if it were right in front of my eyes, Ikael’s figure was revealed.
“Archangel Ichael.”
And the faces of the six archangels flying behind her were clearly visible.
There was hope in the eyes of the angels.
“All the archangels have gathered.”
If the Gaians define the world, the eight archangels represent the totality of the objective world.
In other words, Ankera proposed a head-to-head match between the Akashic Records and the Ultima System.
“As expected, it doesn’t go away easily.”
Leo extinguished his cigarette and snorted as Penny approached, supporting her neck with both hands.
“Hmph, it was a mountain I had to climb anyway. We have the Hand of God. It’s like an archangel.”
The power of Elysion, which had no center, concentrated in a specific form was far greater than the sum of 1 billion Gaia objects. When Uriel returned, eight archangels quickly flew in and looked down at Gaia.
Ikael amplified his voice.
“Those who pretend to be gods, why do you repeat meaningless battles?”
Myshin replied.
“Isn’t that the one who started the fight? We just want to leave this world.”
“This world is your resting place. It is enough to find joy in this place and enjoy eternal life.”
“That is your idea.”
Maishin raised an eyebrow.
“There are no more unknowns in this world. because? Because that’s all we defined. I will not live in a cave, staring at the shadows of the outside world.”
“Do you really want to leave?”
“Because it is.”
Ikael opened his mouth as if determined.
“Leave it to Ankera. We will devise measures so that you can leave the world safely.”
“Our answer is… …
The Hand of God, connected to the outside world, flipped a fist and raised a third finger.
“This is it.”
It was a divine stop.
Ikael’s eyebrows wrinkled, and the seven archangels behind him threw their bodies at the same time.
“OK! Come on!”
Leo immediately took a stance and held out the regime.
‘Divine transcendence!’
When one billion Ideas were activated, the Hand of God flew in with its fists clenched.
“Wow!”
Seeing the fists of light pouring through the world, Metatron activated his judicial halo.
‘Exist.’ As information in the form of concentric circles accumulated on the halo like a whirlpool, a spherical black hole opened.
Aaaaaaaang!
It was gravity that absorbed even light, but Gaia’s will was much stronger than that.
“haha! With just that much power… … Ikael’s voice rang clear.
“Ataraxia.”
Her halo expanded to an unprecedented size, and Meta Tron, who felt the tremendous amplification, increased her presence.
“Damn it, bent! catch!”
The Hand of God quickly circulated around the Gravity River and was sucked into a black sphere.
“Ragnarok.”
With a bang and thunder, Yuriel suddenly turned into a flash of light and rushed toward Gaiain.
“I refuse!”
As one billion Gaians covered their faces with their arms, a barrier of the law was erected to keep everything out.
“dare?”
Ikael said.
“Do you reject God?”
When the concept of destruction was amplified by ataraxia, Uriel’s mind was on the verge of exploding.
“Yaaaaaa!”
The moment he collided with Gaia’s barrier while radiating his huge instinct of destruction.
Zeng!
As the barriers of the law became visible, one billion Gaians simultaneously took three steps back.
“Keugh!”
Everyone frowned, but what was more problematic was the cracks in the walls.
“Cheondo Eunha Ryun.”
The spinning wheel of paradise sucking in the air slammed the already cracked barriers of the law.
Blood flowed from Myshin’s nose as a roar that the creature’s ears could not hear exploded.
“damn!”
Yuriel did the destruction, but Gaiain’s eyes were focused on Ikael.
‘As expected, the archangel is the problem.’
Even ideas cannot imitate the concept of amplification.
‘Because it is the only concept that straddles the boundary between the outer world and the inner world.’
A stepping stone to go from a state of nothingness to a state of significance.
‘Sorry.’
If the concept of Ataraxia could be implemented, the war with Ankera would have already ended.
“Are you done with your leftovers?”
Yuriel, who had destroyed the wall of the law, raised his spirits again by wielding the talisman of paradise.
“come!”
Hand of God’s idea was being restored, but Ragnarok’s activation was faster.
Uriel, who rushed with thunder, sensed victory.
‘I won.’
At least tens of millions of Gaians would have died just by passing through the crowds.
‘ huh?’
The wind blew.
‘ wind?’
It was only because the speed was not comparable to the movement of the atmosphere, so Uriel, who felt puzzled, turned his head.
“……r
And the next moment, the air was torn and a man’s face came into view.
“Pasaeng!”
The fist he swung with a laugh sounded turned Yuriel’s face sideways.
Aaaaaang!
The eyes of the angels followed Yuriel’s movement as she slipped 10 kilometers.
“Oh dear.”
Guffin, who appeared while shaking his fists, said.
“I can’t be without me in this fun game.”
“How do you… …
Not only the angels, but even the Gaians couldn’t hide their bewilderment at the appearance of the giant pin.
Maishin asked.
“What’s going on on the battlefield? He must have decided to break away from the Ultima system. Have you changed your mind?”
“It’s true that things have changed… …
said Guffin, looking up at the angels.
“I have no intention of joining the system.”
“Then why… …
At that moment, Yuriel flew in from afar.
“Aaaaaaa!”
The anger of being hit by a human being was fully revealed in the judicial halo.
“Surprised. You’re excited.”
The goon of paradise flew in a large trajectory.
“Destroy!”
When the guffin held out its hand, the light particles quickly gathered to create a cubic thin film.
“Turn it off!”
As the shock from the Gon of Paradise was absorbed without even making a sound, Yuriel tilted her head.
‘What harmony?’
Was there anyone other than the Ultima system that could stop the power of Ragnarok?
“Guffin, that… … ?”
At Mysin’s question, Guffin smiled.
“Hexa.”
The hexahedral thin film disintegrated into smoke and pushed Yuriel away with a gentle force.
As the brilliant light wrapped around his body, Guffin looked up at Ikael and said.
“Are you still going to stop us?”
Because Guffin had bad memories, Ikael’s voice naturally became ferocious.
“Sounds natural. It is only natural to punish those arrogant people who deny God and consider themselves gods. And it has nothing to do with you anyway “Do you want to go with me?”
Ikael, who stopped talking, asked again after a while.
“what?”
said Guffin, holding out his hand.
“I can take everyone.” While the angels were lost in thought with blank expressions, the Gaians looked back at each other.

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-915.txt
=============YYYYY=============
God’s Brain (5)
“You’re taking everyone?” Ikael asked.
“okay. The bridle of creation and creation. Isn’t that a much more constructive suggestion than arguing who is God?”
Obviously, Ikael shook his head.
“Impossible. Yeah, I’ll admit it honestly. Your idea, it is definitely a record event in this universe.”
Taeseong recalled the moment when light first entered Gaia’s eyes. Neither did Argones, nor did all beings in heaven explain it.
“Maybe there is such a thing as the outside world. But no matter what, we can’t get out.”
because there is no idea.
No, to be precise, their idea was themselves, not the outside world.
“After leaving Ultima, I did a lot of research.”
When Guffin opened his palm, a hexagonal light called Hexa floated like ice crystals.
“What is the sign of Idea? picture
And if you can analyze the signal, Gaia has all the inclinations of Prajna and Yaksha, but he was also an excellent scientist.
“Can’t it be made artificially?”
The Gaians put on a blank expression.
“Artificially… … make?” If this world was composed of signals from outside, it was the domain of the gods to create ideas.
“okay. that’s hexa. It can be said that it is a signal that has information from the outside and does not exist in this world.”
When the guffin raised its arm, the hexa cracked and shattered and fell into smoke.
“Miracle Stream.”
Vines formed where the smoke of light passed, and flowers began to bloom quickly.
Angels murmured.
“Uh, how… … ?”
Life was created only when Anchera, Gaia, and Argones functioned simultaneously.
The guffin raised its arms and gazed at the flowers blooming around it.
“It’s still at this level, but with repeated research, we’ll be able to create more complex lives.”
Kariel muttered.
“life??????
To him, the Archangel of Birth, Guffin’s power seemed like a literal miracle from God.
Guffin said to Ikael.
“You know what I mean? If you can conquer Idea, this world is not the end for you either.”
Everyone hates Gaians, but this time even the archangels looked at Ikael.
“Isn’t that the end?”
A cold voice rang out.
“That is also a Gaian accident. You broke away from the human group and now you want to become a god? How arrogant I am.”
“If God is indifferent… …
Guffin’s eyes lit up.
“Wouldn’t it be okay if I pulled you down?”
“It is blasphemy!”
Her voice boomed as Ataraxia sharply expanded.
“For us, God is only the eternal and immortal Ra. Do you think I will be seduced by your absurd hypotheses?”
Denying the reason for existence to angels is no different than asking humans to deny their parents.
“but… …
Guffin cast a pitiful gaze.
“Did you want to go?”
Ikael’s eyes widened and he bit his lip.
‘It was.’
When Gaiain first tried to leave the photon world, she was obviously shaken.
Even if the thought that this was the last chance worked strongly, it was an irreparable mistake for the archangel.
“I have changed since then.”
Upon hearing Anchera’s stern rebuke, she swore to doubt no more.
“Gaian, give up your false hopes. If Ankera resets the world, you will disappear too. Everything will return, and the law will be at peace.” The restored Hand of God bent his fingers like the claws of a beast.
A billion voices were born at the same time.
“Do you think we can stay still? I will block the Reset and annihilate Ankera.”
A gap that cannot be narrowed in the end.
At the moment when the lives of both sides became tense again, Satiel spoke in a trembling voice.
“Can’t you try?” She was terrified as the archangels’ eyes focused on her, but she grew more courageous.
“If an angel and a Gaian join forces, we might be able to reveal the truth of this world.”
Archangel’s ability was also important for Guffin to dig deeper into the study of Hexa.
‘More than anything, ataraxia.’
If the signals of Ideas could be amplified and investigated, even the utopia of the Guffins would not have been a dream.
“What are you talking about?” Murderous intent lingered in Ikael’s eyes, but Satiel mustered up the courage to open his mouth.
“So, at least a conversation… …
Methiel, the archangel of union, was blurred.
bang
As he swung his arm at great speed, Satiel, who was hit in the face, flew away so quickly that he disappeared.
Whoops!
Dust rose from the crashed ground, and Methiel shook his fists and muttered.
“It’s like the shame of an angel.”
Raising her fingertips with an arrogant and beautiful expression, she pointed at the guffin.
“Listen, humans. God does not compromise. I will punish you and stabilize the world.”
No need to complicate, Ankera
If the reset is successful, everything is over. “But before that… …
Methiel’s planetary body expanded into Halo.
“I will kill you myself.”
As if they had the same idea, the five archangels excluding Ikael spread halos.
Maishin asked with a serious look.
“Guffin, what are you thinking?”
“You don’t step out. Because Ultima can shake. Stop Anchera from resetting while I fight.”
If Ultima is shaken even for a moment, Anke Ra will trigger a reset.
‘Then I can’t turn back.’
Guffin is right.
However, since he couldn’t activate Ultima, it didn’t seem like he would be able to deal with all the archangels.
“Miracle Stream.”
Ikael raised his chin as the golden smoke coiled around the guffin like a snake.
“Ataraxia.”
The concept of the archangels was amplified, and Yuri El opened the battle in Ragnarok.
“I will teach you the fear of the world.” A flesh-and-blood attack that contained the rage of being hit hit the Guffin.
Sparks flew in the eyes of the guffin, which was pushed out three kilometers in that state.
‘As expected, it’s not easy.’
Getting excited about being hit by an archangel.
‘It bounces.’
As the Miracle Stream swirled, Uriel’s body fell behind the Guffin.
“Keugh!”
Yuriel, who ate the rotational inertia, fell vertically after one kilometer while drawing a huge curve.
Aaaaaang!
Hearing the roar, the guffin with both legs planted on the ground smiled at the archangels in front.
“Should we start playing God?”
Metatron of existence, Rayel of light, and Fael of extinction formed a binary side by side.
“I bounced off Uriel.”
It means that it cannot be broken with pure impulse alone.
“I go.”
Faiel’s judicial halo, which took the lead, spun rapidly and turned into an abyssal whirlpool.
“A message of nothingness.”
When the light from the Miracle Stream around Guffin disappeared, Metatron held out his hand.
“Gravity Tyranny.”
As dozens of black spheres were created, Gurfin’s back twisted and his limbs opened wide.
‘I’ll tear it apart.’
Just when I thought it was over, Guffin’s body defied the gravitational waves and stopped in midair.
“Let there be light.”
A huge hexagon of light rose and disintegrated into smoke, enveloping the guffin.
“There is no cause in Hexa.”
That’s why no matter how many times Faiel is annihilated, he can be resurrected for no reason.
“Sleeping.”
As the smoke of light spread, the spheres of gravitational tyranny began to disappear one by one.
“Never wake up again.”
At that moment, Rayel, the archangel of light, activated the law halo accelerator.
Hey hey hey!
As the halo, which rotates at the speed of light, rapidly contracts and disappears, time stops.
‘Can this be prevented?’
In the time zone of 0 seconds, when the rotation of the planet wasn’t even happening, Rayel threw out his fist.
Photonic signals, although it is impossible to transmit physical signals when time is stopped.
‘I am the archangel of light.’
The unit of time he perceived was the minimum value of the timeline you dismantled.
The moment Lael’s fist touched Guffin.
‘This is the point.’
Independently listed events of time passed over to events immediately after.
It was the smallest unit of time that could be divided by the law, so it was impossible for any living thing to react.
Whoops!
At the point where Rayell’s regime ended, the atmosphere was pushed several tens of meters and exploded.
“what’?”
Rayel lowered her gaze in disbelief.
“Slow.”
The guffin twisted its upper body to avoid it and was smiling, exposing its sharp fangs.
‘Avoid the speed of light?’
It can’t be.
This is because there is no event between the moment the fist touches and the event that releases the speed of light.
‘It’s the speed of light. He said he split the time to the end. Between time and time there is only nothing… …
The celestial light shook as the eerie home passed by.
‘Did you come in through nothing?’
super light speed.
Penetrates between time and the smallest unit of time, creating a signal of existence out of nothing.
‘you… … Are you really a god?’
The moment the question came up, Guffin’s fist hit Laiel’s face directly.
“Big!”
bang! bang! bang! bang!
Like a stone hitting the surface of the water horizontally, Rayel’s body bounced off the ground.
Kariel and Methiel, who were in charge of the tail, stopped abruptly when they saw the archangel rolling on the ground.
an ??????
For this moment, both Gaia and the archangel Ikael forgot their original purpose.
“Our intellect is beyond infinity??????
The hexagonal light floating between Guffin’s palms broke and scattered like flower petals.
“To God’s World.” The Gaians were lost in thought as they watched the stars rising high in the sky riding the wind.
‘That’s Hexa.’
The language of gods that do not exist in this world.
“Aaaaaaa!”
Sirone’s screams exploded, and the entire Alpones Mountains were enveloped in white light.
Core, Kara Torsa, who is delivering all of Omega’s records, also groaned.
‘It’s a huge amount of information.’
With just that, Mudeungryong had an intuition about where Shirone was in Omega.
‘It’s the year 201.’
This is the point at which Macklein Guffin first raised the possibility of Hexa.
‘The delivery speed is too fast. I have to control myself.’
In case Sirone could be damaged, Caratora slowed down the information transfer.
“Keugh!”
However, as if Sirone was forcibly sucking it in, the speed began to soar.
‘no! At this rate… … !’
Kara Torsa, who stopped thinking there, rolled her eyes and realized a new possibility.
‘Right. It’s only natural.’
Because sirone is hexa.
‘It’s not about accepting information through thinking. The combination of information and information to become new information.’
Or perfect information.
In fact, the reason why Sirone screamed out of his mouth was because he was surprised by the enormity of his realization.
‘They become one endlessly.’
The moment when a huge feeling that exists before human language and academic thinking merges.
“Huh!”
Sirone’s eyes widened.
‘Miracle Stream!’
A hexagonal light rose above my head, and it broke open and released into smoke.
“Sirone. Accept his thoughts, his thoughts, everything.”
Karatorsa said.
“God’s brain.”

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-916.txt
=============YYYYY=============
cold world (1)
Photon signals not in the law.
The archangels looked at the situation at the stage of the guffin, which showed a sense of super-light speed.
Methiel’s brow wrinkled.
“Sheesh, something like a human.”
If you deflected Yuriel’s destruction and avoided Rayel’s speed of light, it would be difficult to subdue Bakturo.
‘It’s not over yet.’
Sensing the gigantic energy emerging from beyond the guffin, she moved her eyebrows.
‘I just destroyed each concept.’
The world is complete only when the concepts of the eight archangels are unified.
“Yaaaaa!”
As Yuriel rushed forward with a shout, spinning the turret, the guffin twisted his body and held out his hand.
‘It bounces.’
At the same time, Methiel activated Union.
‘fusion!’
As explosive substances were synthesized in the spinning wheel of paradise, it was transformed into a powerful murder weapon.
Guffin smiled with a firm expression.
all.
‘Combining concepts… …
The moment the Gon of Paradise hit Hexa, a huge explosion occurred that blew away the entire radius.
“It is over there.”
The gazes of the archangels moved at the same time, and from several kilometers away, a guffin crashed into the ground.
Aaaaaang!
Satiel, who had been watching from afar, quickly flew in and inspected the guffin’s condition.
‘Methiel’s strong fusion.’
As for the level of destructive power, she knew the opposite concept best.
‘Is he dead?’
Just as he was thinking, the ground shook and the Guffin’s upper body slowly stood up.
“Ah??????
Although he was covered in dust, there appeared to be no fatal wounds except for blood flowing from the corners of his mouth.
“This raises the difficulty level, right?”
When it comes out like this, things are different
all.
“Hmm, the combination of the eight concepts
la.”
Guffin, lost in thought, looked up.
As he lifted it up, Satiel hurriedly took up a fighting stance.
drunk
“Dumb, if you dare
Guffin held out his hand.
“Hey pretty angel, can you help me?” Satiel stared at him as if he was bewildered, and the guffin whimpered as he put his hand on the ground.
“I have no strength in my legs. It seems the shock is still there.”
Then it’s your chance
“why?”
However, Satiel rather let go of his hostility and asked.
“Why are you asking for help? We must be the enemies who stand in the way of Gaiain’s purpose.”
It was also his worst enemy.
“Because I can’t do it alone. But if we all work together, what is impossible?”
“Then why did you join forces!”
Satiel shouted.
“You guys don’t care about us! Why do you keep making rounds to go with me when you see it as just a tool you need to use this world?”
“It’s a tool.”
Relieved from the shock, the guffin limped to his feet and brushed the dirt off his trousers.
“Do you have any good memories? For example, precious memories that I want to keep for the rest of my life.”
Satiel answered with one eyebrow raised.
“Of course it is.”
“Then there is nothing insignificant.” The planet shook greatly.
“I was born. That’s why she lives. There is no reason for our existence… …
said Guffin with a grin.
“It’s real though. Like me, like other Gaians, you too have lived.”
“live… … You said you came?”
Guffin held out his hand again.
“Life is just a way of going through life. you are also alive So let’s go together. No matter where the outside world is, I will never let go.”
Satiel’s gaze turned to the guffin’s hand.
‘God is indifferent.’
Because it has to be perfect.
That’s why the world is cold and the law is mechanical, but if you have a heart for a god… … .
‘Nothing trivial.’
I wondered if I would say something like Guffin.
“that’s right.”
Sensing the warm light in the Astral Body, Satiel put her hands together and smiled brightly.
“You are right.”
At that moment, archangels flew from the other side of the sky.
“There!”
As Kariel flew to the fore and expanded the judicial halo, the other archangels added concepts.
‘Simulark!’
As the concepts of amplification, destruction, light, existence, combination, and extinction were integrated, a spherical machine with complex organs was born.
“An all-purpose machine that can never be avoided, never destroyed, and always destroyed!”
A sphere containing most of the technology that makes up the universe was shot at the guffin.
‘This is the end!’
The moment Kariel was convinced, Satiel, who had taken a step forward, turned her judicial halo with her eyes shining.
‘nostalgia!’
Physics Collapse.
On the surface of the sphere, 30,000 cracks broke off and 2.4 billion nanoorganisms were disassembled.
“Huh!”
Satiel dismantled the organ into parts, and the parts went through molecules and into atoms.
“what?”
A cool breeze swept across Guffin’s face as the machine disintegrated before his eyes.
“Satiel!”
Methiel let out a rage.
“How dare you betray us! Can you still say that you are a servant of God even if you take the side of humans?”
The only weakness of the universal machine is that although it cannot be destroyed, it can be ‘dismantled’.
‘damn! Even if only the concept of Satiel was added!’
However, since he was on the side of Guffin, his outfit was about to explode.
“It’s not too late now! I will forgive you if you admit your fault and help us fight.”
Satiel smiled.
“Who forgives whom?”
Combination and disassembly are twin concepts, but it was true that he was intimidated by the splendid and gigantic Methiel.
“There is nothing insignificant.”
It was only when I heard Guffin’s words that I was convinced.
‘I’m not wrong.’
She proudly held out her hand and declared.
“Satiel, the Archangel of Disintegration, has decided to consider the Human Proposal based on her own judgment.”
Methiel gritted his teeth.
“That… …
“Stop it.”
Ikael, who had dried up his internal strife, looked back at the Gaians filling the earth.
‘There are no gaps.’
In order to break the Ultima System, it was necessary to subdue the giant pin, but Satiel’s joining was essential.
“The eight archangels are of equal stature. I can’t change Satiel’s thoughts right now.”
Metatron asked.
“Then what are you going to do?”
“We will have a meeting at Baekkyung. All angels under my command, return to Arabot immediately.”
Ikael’s voice spread over a wide radius.
“Today is a truce. Guffin, you should also persuade the Gaians to stop their advance.”
Guffin asked while turning the hexa with the tip of his index finger.
“What about initialization?”
Perhaps Anke Ra would give up the reset, but Ikael didn’t want to say it.
“It will be done according to God’s will.”
The seven archangels retreated towards Arrabot, and Satiel flew up belatedly.
Guffin asked.
“Are you okay? It sounds like you’re going to get scolded.”
“Huh, maybe so?” No regrets.
“See you later, wonderful human being.” As Satiel walked away in a beautiful trajectory, the guffin scratched her head and headed towards Gaiain.
“Whoa, I stopped it for now… … It looked like it would be a much longer war than expected.
The Valkyries under the command of the Holy Temple.
Rufist and Fleur, who arrived two hours after receiving the order from the General Commander, waited in front of an iron door that could not be opened.
Yu!- 1_ ?7 Ah
three counties?
Fleur, the chief secretary of the Magic Association, checked the time.
“I think the handover process will take a long time.”
The moment he finished speaking, footsteps were heard outside the deep tunnel, and Dante appeared.
After confirming the faces of Lupist and Fleur, he calmly approached and lowered his head.
“Forgive me for being late. This is Dante, the second deputy director of the National Intelligence Service.”
code black.
In the kingdom of Tormia, Dante was the only person other than the royal family who could read Black.
“okay. Is it spherical?”
I had gotten acquainted at a party hosted by the royal castle, but it was the first time we had a conversation.
“yes. Sorry for not greeting you first. As you know, security is an important job.”
Even a brief conversation with the head of the Magic Association would have spawned countless rumors.
“no. Before that.” There was a time when the 5 most prestigious students gathered at the Magic Association ahead of the graduation exam administered by the Red Line.
“Ah yes.”
Dante gave a puzzled answer to the nuance referring to his school days out of the blue.
“Alpheas Magic School is particularly memorable. Those students have become pros and are fighting hard.”
‘Was this his personality?’
Dante grasped his true intentions.
‘Iruki.’
There was also Sirone, the strongest magician in mankind, but Iruki had the highest reputation externally.
“The head of the Magic Association and Code Black. I can guess why the general military summoned us. It won’t be good for the kingdom.”
It was an unspoken pressure that if you knew something, it would be better to tell it in advance.
Dante was speechless.
I knew from experience that nothing is more perfect than silence when it comes to maintaining security.
U huh rg?
The guide said as the iron door opened.
“Come in.”
On the way to the underground bunker, Fleur asked for a handshake with Lou Fist.
“nice to meet you. I’m Flu, the Chief Secretary of the Magic Association. Are you Sirone’s friend? He is also very close with me.”
“yes. I’ve heard a lot about it.”
“Ho-ho, is it? By the way, the NIS is also out of its mind, isn’t it? I heard that the monks of Zion are in Tormia.”
It was code black.
‘Still, it’s a good combination.’
Flu, who can speak in reverse, was a necessary talent for the cold-tempered Lufist.
In the end, Dante was silent again this time, and the three of them reached the end of the bunker without talking.
“Please go in.” Sitting on the sofa covered with a blanket, this rookie said with an incontinent smile.
“I was waiting.”
Dante had Iruki’s face in his eyes.
‘My complexion has gotten worse.’
Lufist politely bowed his head.
“I am Raphael Lufist, the president of the Tormia Magic Association. It is an honor to meet you.”
When Fleur and Dante finished greeting each other, Rookie Lee offered a seat and said to Aromi.
“The car is done.”
It was a signal to let no one in.
“We don’t have much time, so let’s go fast. It is a major human event. We need the cooperation of Tormia Kingdom.”
Iruki explained the secret strategy.
“Bashka… … ?”
A plan to blow it up with an elemental bomb.
“What is the current population of the capital’?”
Flu, who had been swallowing saliva with a pale face, hurriedly regained his composure and recalled his memory.
“About 6.5 million. It is during the war, so the floating population is wide, but the average
will be close to.”
“6.5 million.”
All that life turns to ashes and disappears.
“As you might have guessed, security is key to this operation. We will lure them all the way to the capital and annihilate them at once.”
There was no objection to the strategy itself, but it was a shock to see the kingdom’s capital fly away.
“First of all, the three of you who came here can live. Asking them to die even knowing it is a serious human loss.”
The three did not answer.
“That’s why I want to leave it up to you to judge. After all night long calculations, the limit on how many people can be taken out of this plan while maintaining security is… … Iruki held out both palms. “100 people.”
100 out of 6.5 million.
“This person must live in Baska, please select 100 people like that. Of course, I’m not going to make any criticism about it. I like my family, and I like people who are needed by society. Please write a list now and we will take care of it.”
Rufist looked down at the blank paper Iruki held out.
‘It was something like that.’
Strategize to blow up the capital
Godo realized why he didn’t call the royal family.

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-917.txt
=============YYYYY=============
cold world (2)
In the face of the last operation risking the extinction of mankind, the value of the king’s name was not important.
‘Me, Fleur, and Dante are enough for the practitioners needed to open the flower garden.’
That’s why you got 100 options.
“All I can give you is one hour. Please select 100 people from among them.”
Many thoughts crossed my mind.
Poor people who were alienated from the king, politicians, doctors, teachers, family members, and society.
After all, it was the same weight.
“The president of the association should start first.” When no one acted, Iruki put down his pen and held it out.
“Valkyrie’s total army.”
Lufist bent his upper body and crossed his legs.
“It’s no exaggeration to say it’s at the top of the sky, but you look down on people.”
Iruki was calm.
“What do you mean?”
“It means that I don’t even have to step out. I will leave the judgment to this friend.”
When Lufist pointed at Dante, Fleur and Iruki’s gaze turned to the side.
Dante, lost in thought, raised his gaze and said:
“Iruki, honestly, I feel bad.” No answer was heard.
“good. Since the president’s order has been issued, I have no choice but to make a difficult decision.”
Contrary to the horse, Dante did not even glance at the pen and spread his arms.
“There is no one who needs to be saved.”
At last, a smile appeared on Iruki’s face.
gone
“Drop a bomb on the capital. It will be a carnage that will kill 6.5 million people. If I save 100 people, that information will be passed on to 1,000 people, and that 1,000 people will become 10,000… …
The operation fails.
“It will run into uncontrollable territory. Are we ready to destroy the capital or not, you were testing it?”
all must die
No precious person, no needy person, no one can survive in Basuka.
“that’s right. sorry.”
Dante snorted.
“A single person like you is such a childish trick. You must have been cornered quite a bit too.”
“To tell you the truth, yes. I will be the ringleader of this crazy carnage. If I’m going to remain a demon in history, at least I don’t want to fail.”
Knowing what Iruki was carrying, Dante stopped questioning.
“Anyway, are there really no problems with security? If it’s a project of this scale, we’re not the only ones who know about it.”
“It’s at a precarious level.”
Iruki readily admitted.
“As you probably already guessed, not all die. The life of the conglomerate and the head of the related institution who invested a lot of money in this project is guaranteed. At least we will save the victim’s children.”
“A child. ambiguous If you’re in the husband’s position, even if you save your wife and children, you can’t save your parents, right?”
“I’m not stupid enough to be greedy. They know better what will happen in that case.”
Mice and birds would disappear without even noticing.
“Should I say I’m happy? I organized an assassination unit just in case, but they haven’t moved yet.”
Iruki raised his index finger.
“Rather, it was the unmarried people who had to be especially monitored. There are people who got married in a hurry to save their lover, but the holy war tolerated that.” Lufist asked.
“How many were implicated in that way?”
“286 people.”
Dante put his chin on his chin and muttered.
“286 people.”
As an expert in security and intelligence, it was an absolutely uncontrollable figure.
Iruki said.
“I know what you’re thinking. So, we are also watching through numerous channels on our own. One of them prides itself on being the best censorship system in the world.”
‘Mayray-kun.’
Dante knew through Armin that the Great Purifier’s home was in the temple.
“We are under 24-hour surveillance. And the number of cases that have been caught in the temple’s filter so far…”
Iruki laughed bitterly.
“There wasn’t a single thing.”
“Not even one?”
“okay. I couldn’t even find a factor in the code zero, obsessive-suspect level. Therefore, from the temple’s point of view, it can be affirmed that none of the 286 survivors leaked any information.”
“haha. Kuck.”
Lufist shook his shoulders and lowered his head.
“Perfect.”
Normally, I’m impatient to reveal even a trivial secret.
‘Ahead of the terrible event of the massacre of 6.5 million people… …
no one speaks
In front of your parents and friends, you are acting out your daily life as if nothing happened.
‘Ah, human.’ Lupist’s face was tearing up, and I couldn’t tell whether he was laughing or crying.
“great.”
His expression disappeared like a lie.
“We are not in a different position from them. The bottom line is that 6.5 million people will die. The problem is efficiency versus sacrifice, but can the demons be definitely annihilated?”
“My calculations are that if the strategy worked, the armies of Hell would suffer 91.3 percent manpower loss.”
It was a good enough achievement.
“great. Then Basuka should be discarded, and the king should choose a new one… … For Rufist, even the king was only a top-notch accessory to run the system called the nation.
“How are you going to make up for Tormia’s losses after the war? If the water supply is blown away, self-regeneration will be impossible.”
It will be eaten by other countries in an instant.
“The cost of restoration will be borne by the temple in full. Once the government is established, implement immigration policy. Provide a house and land and many will come.”
Rufist squinted one eye.
“It sounds like a dream. Even if it is a temple, you will eventually have to collect funds from other countries.
It would be, but do you think the heads of each country will obey?”
“In addition to that, I will hand over all technology and data related to the elemental bomb to Tormia.”
Lufist’s eyes flashed for a moment.
“Even if it is a related industry, only I know the source technology. It can be used to keep other countries in check, or used as a bargaining chip. Above all, I am from the kingdom of Tormia. I will not allow my country to perish.”
The last words moved Rufist.
‘Well, 6.5 million includes Iruki’s family.’
If he wasn’t a madman, he would sell his soul before he died to take responsibility.
“great. according to the will of the temple. When the detailed strategies are issued, we will hand over all access to the flower garden.”
Iruki turned his head to Dante.
“Time is running out to do it by mouth. I will deliver it through the ‘rope’. Dante is in charge, so it’s the safest way.”
Lufist nodded and stood up, followed by Fleur and Dante toward the door.
Dante turned around at the door.
“What if we wrote down 100 people and submitted it?”
“… … I couldn’t have gotten out alive.”
“In a word, he was very underestimated. Do you think it would have been possible?” Iruki returns an answer like a snake
dodged
“You didn’t write it down anyway.”
Dante laughed.
He felt like a psychopath who could laugh at Baska’s terrible future.
It’s so unrealistic.
‘It must be reality for you, Iruki.’
The face of Iruki that Dante was looking at was not that of someone who was already alive.
‘He was a bad guy.’
The guy who had bothered me since the days of the Royal Magic School was now half a corpse.
“Take care of yourself. Then you really die.”
To the words that couldn’t be answered with a yes, Iruki just smiled helplessly.
“Dante.”
Dante turned back at the voice calling.
“huh?”
“When the war is over… …
Iruki’s cautious eyes, even when he said a word, looked so lonely.
“Let’s have a drink together.”
Dante, filled with tears, felt his throat choke.
“??????okay.”
I had no choice but to answer.
In order not to notice his reddened eyes, Dante immediately opened the door and left the room.
‘You idiot! What kind of hero is Ji?’
As Dante quickly moved away, Fleur caught up naturally, taking a wider stride.
‘The battlefield has now been moved to Tormia. Association will come to the fore. I need to figure out the factors of Zion.’
But for a moment, I read the emotion in Dante’s eyes and shut my mouth.
‘I’m a rational person… … It was great anger.
‘Damn it! Dog-like demons! I’ll kill them all!’ Flew, who found blood flowing from Dante’s fist, did not ask anything in the end.
Hideout of the flower tribe.
Rufist made some sort of deal with Flallino in exchange for the seed of the flower.
Rescuing 300 people suffering from all over the world and providing them with a safe home.
Flallino, who was once the Minister of Defense of Spectrum, was now living as an ordinary Chinese woman.
“Hello, Mr. Flallino.”
A man of Grasse blood looked at Flallino and bowed his head with a plain smile.
“Yes, good morning.”
The lineage of the violet tiara, which is said to be the most beautiful and fragrant among the flower family, shone even brighter under the sun.
“The sun is really sweet today. On a day like this, it’s best to go to the ‘garden’ and sit still.” Flareno covered his mouth and laughed.
“that’s right. There is nothing better than basking in the sun without thinking about anything. Would you like to come with me?”
“Haha, of course.”
Flallino spread his arms as he watched the sunlight filter through the branches.
“I love this place. No one wants to harm us, and above all, it is quiet.”
“It’s all thanks to Mr. Flallino. Everyone here is grateful.”
“Ah, no. me too……
Flarino’s pupils, who had been waving their hands, shook at the sight of someone approaching from afar.
“Why is that?”
Where Flalino’s eyes were directed, he saw Lou Fist and Dante walking side by side.
“Lupist… …
Flallino’s body trembled.
“Here you are. It just went well.”
Rufist, who had strode toward Flallino, sighed and brought up the main topic.
“Where is your chieftain? Guide me.”
The deal was already over, and Rufist promised not to get involved in the lives of the fire people.
“Um, what are you doing?”
“I don’t have time to talk. It’s an urgent matter. We should use the ability of small world creation.”
cried Flalino.
“You promised! You handed over all the seeds of the flower! We just want to be in peace!”
“peace?”
Lufist, who grabbed Flallino by the collar, pulled him strongly and raised his face.
“Look at me. Look me straight in the eyes.”
The man of the fire tribe thumped his butt, and Flallino’s jaw trembled.
“Do I look sane now? What do you think you came here for? Do you want to finish it?”
“Heh… Heh…
As the ‘extreme passivity’, a characteristic of the Hwajok, was manifested, her mind went blank.
‘How can you have eyes like this?’
It was the gaze at the pinnacle of an animal that could do anything to achieve what it wanted.
“This is your last chance. Guide them to the chieftain.” Flarino’s head fell helplessly.
“??????yes.”
what’s the scariest thing in the world
If asked, her answer was unmistakably human.

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-918.txt
=============YYYYY=============
cold world (3)
Dante looked around the town.
Instead of the concept of walls and roofs, it followed the unique residential style of solar roads.
The earth shone like a star when the sun came in along the tangle of trees.
‘They eat food too, but in extreme conditions, they can survive with only water and sun.’
Of course, I never ate meat. A smile bloomed on Flallino’s face as he followed the path to the sun, where the ceiling was open in a straight line.
“Ah, look at this sunlight. what a beautiful sky As you walk along this path of the sun… …
He wanted to share the joy of the fire family, but what returned was Lufist’s cold eyes.
“I’m sorry.”
Contrary to expectations, Rufist looked up at the sky.
“Do you like the sun?”
“yes? Oh, of course. For the Hwajok, the sun is the gift that brings them the greatest joy.”
“I like you too.”
Flallino’s mouth fell open in a daze.
“I don’t look up for no reason. How many human beings live thinking that there is a sky?”
“why? It’s so good. You feel happy when you close your eyes while basking in the sunlight.”
“happiness?”
Lufist laughed.
“You know what the first thing we threw away to build the system we have today? It’s the object’s happiness. It is fueled by the suffering of the entire population.”
the fire man asked.
“What does that mean? If nobody can be happy, why would you do that?”
“To dominate you.” “It is human to give up happiness if you can be superior. Shall we call it madness for the best? But a system that is more insane than ours has emerged.”
The Hwajok did not leave the realm, but the situation was read through the small world creation.
“Which one is crazier will decide the winner of the system. okay? Humans are in this world. But you guys say what the sun is like, what happiness is like.”
Flallino bowed his head sullenly.
“I know we are a failed race. That’s why you live in hiding.”
“It is still too early to conclude.”
When Flarino turned around with a surprised expression, Lufist took a picture of the air with his index finger.
“anyway… … The weather is killing it.”
How long had it been since you realized that the sky exists and you can look at it?
‘Is it time for me to retire too?’
Since when did you become sentimental?
“You are here.”
In a sunny spot, a woman with black hair was sitting cross-legged.
‘That woman… …
Lufist stopped in his tracks at the rich scent of lotus flowers in the air.
“Are you a direct descendant of the Hwa clan?”
The woman smiled and bowed her head.
“yes. It is said to be a protea of the Lotus lineage. Thank you for coming to such a humble place.”
In return for the deal, he gave them a place to live, but he didn’t particularly care who the chieftain was.
I only heard a report that there was a Hwajok who came on their own after the village was built.
‘Lotus lineage. It remained.’
The beginning of the Hwajok is known as the lotus flower.
“A long time ago, an unknown Buddha sat on a lotus flower and devoted himself to seeking the truth for 40,000 years.”
Protea said.
“It is said that the lotus, which neither withered nor died, heard about human life with the Buddha.”
Lufist received it.
“And on the day the Buddha left, the lotus flower also realized incarnation and became a human being. That is the story of the birth of the Hwajok.”
It’s just a myth, but unless it’s true, the reason for the diverse bloodlines of the Hwajok cannot be explained.
‘It can’t happen spontaneously. Unless the first fire tribe spreads it through the small world creation… …
Therefore, the Lotus lineage in front of you is the direct lineage of the Hwajok who attained enlightenment from the Buddha.
‘It’s annoying.’
If it was another fire tribe, it would be enough to intimidate them, but Protea was a formidable opponent.
“is it so. Our benefactor, Mr. Lupist, why did you stop by this place?”
“You know?”
It wasn’t an exaggeration to say that if it was a direct descendant’s ability, he controlled the entire forest beyond the village.
“Whoops. Yes, actually… … . I heard Rufust’s philosophy about the system. He must have faced a situation where he had to precisely control the flowers.”
Dante readily admitted.
“yes. It is a gigantic structure. We built a separate interface, but dozens of people are mobilized for precision work.”
“On the other hand, if it were a small world creation, one fire person would be able to control even the nerve unit.”
Rufist came out.
“If I knew, it would be quicker. If we lose, you can’t survive either. You’d better cooperate.”
“The fire tribe’s judgment… …
The smile disappeared from Protea’s face.
“It’s a refusal.”
It was an unexpected answer, but Rufist was unstoppable.
“Then die.”
Flarino screamed and jumped back as the blade soared around her.
“The strategy won’t change without you alone. If you walk around holding your head, other fire tribes will join you.”
Dante asked.
“Why? Half of the world has already been passed over to the demons. If humans are defeated, you will not be safe either.”
“We die anyway.”
The fire tribe’s gaze was focused on her.
“There must be at least hundreds of ancient weapons, considering that they mobilize the entire fire family. If it is an enemy that cannot be stopped even with such powerful weapons, are we not victims?”
Rufist did not deny it.
“Human beings will pay the price too. He’s risking everything to get it all, that’s war.”
“It is a human war. Suggest a means to ensure the survival of the fire tribe. Otherwise cooperation is impossible.”
The Hwajok who had been listening in the forest appeared and activated the small world changyu.
The forest trembled, and a squirming sensation was transmitted, as if bundles of nerves were passing under the ground.
“joy.”
The moment Lufist snorted, a blade bigger than a man rose up next to him.
“Keugh!”
Some fire tribes frowned, but Protea didn’t even blink.
“Coercion is useless. You’ve had us do whatever you want, but you’ll choose death yourself.”
“I-I will do it.”
All eyes were focused on Flallino.
“I will move the flowers, so don’t fight. I’ve already done it, so I’m sure I’ll do well.”
Protea widened her eyes.
“Flarino, what are you doing? It’s a battle where the fate of the entire family is at stake. There are no options.”
“If you don’t have a choice, at least you have to fight. If humans are defeated, the Hwajok will perish as well.”
“No, if we’re going to perish anyway, we won’t help humans. Think of what they’ve done so far. I mocked your body and insulted your mind! Humans are the most selfish!”
“I know.”
how could i forget
“But I think Mr. Rufist is different. He seems cold and unfeeling, but if he was really that kind of person… …
Flarino’s gaze turned to Lufist.
“I wouldn’t have prepared a village for the Hwa tribe from the beginning. This is really the place we wanted.” It was the best place.
“You are being deceived. In order for the author to use us in preparation for this situation… …
“He said the weather was nice.”
Flallino continued.
“I don’t think that those who know the warmth of the sun don’t know true happiness.”
Her eyes were wet with moisture.
“You know, but you have no choice but to fight. Because not everyone can be happy, so be colder, colder… … . But really, you want everyone to be happy, right?”
“no. I’m a cold guy And humans are evil. I can do anything for my purposes.”
This was the reason why it was difficult for Lufist to deal with women.
‘It’s emotional in a strange place. Annoying.’
Who cares whether they are good or bad when there is an enemy approaching who would not be happy to rip them to death?
‘You don’t have to fight first. He said he had to come up with an optimal strategy and carry it out.’
But on the other hand.
It felt good knowing why we were fighting.
“ha.”
After Lufist released the Spirit Zone, Dante also reaped his murderous intent.
“Okay, let’s talk it out. I will do my best to help you survive. Did that happen?”
“no. We need a solid guarantee.” Just as the veins stood on Rufist’s temples, a woman’s voice was heard from the forest.
“I will take care of that.”
Lufist and Dante’s pupils, which looked where the voice came from, moved with afterimages.
‘ fast.’ Just the speed of escaping out of the field of vision pushed my vigilance to the limit.
Protea’s eyes shook.
“you are… …
She was a woman with sharper ears than humans, a pale face, and clear eyes like springs.
“hello?”
Waving her hand brightly, she turned around and Lufist recognized her face.
“Enox.”
He was the representative of the fairy tribe, one of the kings of the temple.
“yes. I came because the commander-in-chief asked me to go. They said maybe it would be helpful if I went.”
Dante’s eyes widened.
‘If this is going to happen, at least tell me in advance.’
As Portea knelt down, the remaining fire tribes followed her and bowed.
“Lord of the forest.”
“long time no see. As expected, the Hwajok smells good.”
Enox raised his index finger and said.
“Anyway, don’t worry about the war. We elves will step in and protect the fire tribe.”
“… … Are you saying that elves will also participate?”
“Of course it should.”
“Why are you for human beings? They are destroying the nature we cherish.”
“Exactly.”
Enox said while caressing Protea’s chin.
“Humans are thrilling.”
That night.
Tormia’s capital.
While King Adolf was on sick leave, Rufist and Fleur attended a royal dinner.
While Pony, a graduate of Alpheas Magic School, attended, small talk
went.
“The world situation has reached a critical point. There are many people who have gone bankrupt after investing in other countries.”
Even now, while the war with the demons was in full swing, the royal family was only interested in increasing their wealth.
‘It’s the most unreal space.’
Rufist quietly continued his meal.
‘It needs something like that, the system.’
An accessory that only cries out for an ideal in a place completely separated from reality.
“Anyway, this chief of staff is quite cute. I didn’t like the last woman because she was fierce.”
Flew smiled.
“Thank you for a good look.” Taking advantage of her tossing mood, Lu Fist brought up her difficult request.
“Asmodians will invade Tormia. I want to move the capital’s garrison.”
“The Royal Guard?”
For the royal family, the air became heavy for a moment because it was a military force that was no different from the last bastion.
“yes. Don’t worry. Because we have a flower garden. We just need troops to do support missions.”
Everyone dies anyway.
It was Rufist who wanted to use everything that was available if he was going to be annihilated.
“Well, if there is a flower garden, it is safe. Because Tormia has the world’s strongest defense.”
The person who made it happen was Rufist.
“by the way… …
The thick-browed royalty alternately pointed at Lufist and Fleur with a fork.
“How is it, the compatibility of the dragonfly? Why, there were rumors like that before. I heard you’re the chief secretary killer. Fuhahaha!”
The royals burst into laughter.
Regardless of the truth of the rumors, they just wanted to see the reaction of the Magic Association President and Chief of Staff.
“Nothing??????
Rufist’s expression did not change.
“It’s not much fun. Rather, the former chief of staff was much better.”
“Ohh? is it? Well, Miss Flew is too skinny. Eat this and gain some weight.”
Flu puffed up his cheeks.
“This is very self-defeating. The taste of the association president is strange. I can’t confirm it.”
“Why not? Leave it to me. My stamina is recognized in the world.”
“Aww! That’s kind of scary.”
While the royals exploded in laughter, only Pony was not laughing.
‘It is a lie.’
I know because I went to magic school.
The cold emotion in the eyes of the two wizards who were faking laughter.
‘Pro mage. But not political enough to please royalty. And the Royal Guard.’
A shiver ran down Pony’s spine.
‘A great thing is about to happen.’

=============ZZZZZ=============
