=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-181.txt
=============YYYYY=============
[181] 4. Reversal of the Law (2)
“Okay, let me explain. This place is called Outer Hell. Also called purgatory.”
“purgatory? here?”
“Yes, the land prison. It is where heretics who rejected the law live. now i get it You denied the existence of God in the earthly kingdom. That’s why I fell here.”
Sirone did not correct her misunderstanding. She wouldn’t understand even if I explained it, and it wasn’t exactly wrong. There was no one in her party who believed in Anchera.
“Seeing that you use magic, you seem to be a descendant of the Norse, but I feel sorry for you. Since you fell into purgatory, the only thing left for you is death. You will die eventually.”
“That’s right, I will die in the end. But neither do you.”
Kanya lifted her chin, a little smug.
“you’re welcome. I am a subject chosen by God. So you can be assured of eternal life.”
Sirone remembered the myth of Kergo. If you can give someone eternal life, you can definitely call it a god.
But it didn’t feel realistic.
Organisms age and someday they will surely die. It was impossible to prevent death even with the power of magic.
After realizing the true identity of Sirone and the others, Kanya felt relieved. I hate heresy, but they were pitiful people who didn’t even get a chance to receive the power of God.
“I can’t. you are lucky Follow me. I will introduce you to a place to stay.”
“Why are you being nice all of a sudden? If you are a subject and we are heretics, shouldn’t we think badly?”
Kanya turned around when she realized that no one was following her.
“Looking at your suspicions, you must be a descendant of the Norse. If it were heaven, I would have kicked you out, but this place is okay. No law can protect its subjects in purgatory. You and I are in the same situation. Anyway, you have to go fast. It gets dangerous when the sun goes down.”
As we entered the valley, the height of the cliff soared. It was a lonely place where not a single flying insect existed. A little moisture and an echo. I could only hear their footsteps in the great nature.
“Couldn’t it be that something strange is coming out again?”
“don’t worry. The Valley of the Whirlwind Serpents is a place where one powerful law exists, so there are no dangerous monsters like Poison Eagles.”
“Which law is it?”
“Whirlpool snake. It is a monster known to have lived here for over 10,000 years. But you’ll be sleeping now. They don’t wander around during the day. So we want to go quickly. We have to go to Nohr’s Shelter before the sun goes down.”
“Didn’t we say that we were descendants of Nor? Then you are not a subject of Norr?”
“Of course I am a citizen.”
“Then why is there Norr’s shelter in Purgatory?”
Kanya was frustrated, but recalled where they came from and added an explanation.
“There are three races of subjects residing in Heaven. Norse is one of them. Subjects have a fixed lifespan from the time they are born, but when their lifespan ends, they gain eternal life. But I guess some people in Nord couldn’t tolerate it. That’s why I escaped to purgatory and created an independent society.”
Sirone did not understand the saying that lifespan is determined from birth, but for now she passed. He was at least less miraculous than the word that he would gain eternal life.
More than that, I was grateful for Kanya’s consideration. Since Sirone was thought to be a descendant of the Norse, he guided her into the society of the Norse.
“Thank you, Kanya. You are kind.”
“What are you talking about! There are no subjects who are kind to heretics. We’re going anyway because we need something, so don’t misunderstand. When you arrive at Norr’s Shelter, don’t pretend to be an egg from then on.”
Contrary to what she said harshly, she did not look into Sirone’s eyes.
Lena puffed out her cheeks at Kanya’s condescension and added another word.
“that’s right. My sister is going because she really needs something. But I am going because I really want to help.”
“haha! Ok, thanks. Lena is kind.”
Lena’s cheeks turned red at Sirone’s praise.
Kanya stopped. It’s a sensitive time, so it’s understandable to be attracted to strangers, but as a subject subject to the law, it was a thought I shouldn’t have.
She took Lena by the wrist and led her to the cliff. While Sirone and the others looked at each other in bewilderment, she urged in a whisper.
“Lena, what are you doing? You know, you can never lead a heresy. Even having such a heart is blasphemy.”
“I know. But that brother… … .”
“If not, then no! No matter how immature you are, being handsome isn’t everything. If you choose a man like that, you will be in big trouble.”
“How does your sister know that? You don’t even have a boyfriend.”
“When you grow up, you know everything. Anyway, listen to your sister, okay? I mean, treat that man coldly from now on.”
“I don’t like Sirone oppa because he’s handsome, I like him because he’s kind.”
“Are you friendly? that kid?”
Kanya looked at Lena with an absurd expression. How should I take his brother’s words.
He was definitely a unique boy. But the reason he feels that way is also heresy. Freedom leads to depravity. In that sense, hanging out with Sirone was dangerous.
“You, tell me clearly. Do you like good-looking people or kind people?”
Lena is also 14 years old, so she is the age to feel the feelings of love. With her soon-to-be mother, she felt the need to change her brother’s mindset.
“Of course both. You have to be handsome, but you also have to be kind.”
“Whoa, you really don’t even know.”
“It’s okay, sister. I wouldn’t fall in love with someone I’ve only seen for one day. and… … After all, we are no different from those people now.”
It was against the law for a subject to enter Purgatory without permission. Maybe I could be punished, but it was something I couldn’t give up.
However, I regretted taking my brother with me.
No matter how much Lena had a longer lifespan than herself, it was a decision that she lacked responsibility as an older sister.
“I’m sorry, Lena. I am… … .”
“I know, sister. Besides, you begged me to go. She doesn’t have to take on dangerous jobs alone. I also want to give it to her mother as a gift.”
Kanya stroked Lena. The child who cried for her milk was already this big. I hoped that she would receive the grace of her god and enjoy her eternal life.
Since it’s a lovely child, Ra will surely do that.
“OK got it. let’s hurry.”
The valley was now becoming a labyrinth. Even the air was damp because shallow water was flowing at the narrow fork.
Amy noticed that Kanya’s movements were jumbled using her red eyes.
It was a typical path of a lost person.
“It’s quite far. Is Nor’s resting place still far away?”
“I am not going there. We don’t even know where Norr’s shelter is.”
“what? You said earlier that you were going to Norr’s Shelter.”
“There is a destination. We, the subjects, have no way of knowing where the Norse who fled from heaven made it.”
Sensing Amy’s absurd stare, Kanya added her words.
“don’t worry. But there is a way.”
“How?”
“It’s using drones. Nord’s Shelter is an open market that anyone can go to. The guide dispatched from the market is waiting for you at the Valley of the Whirling Serpents. You just need to find that person. So right now, I’m searching for a place where people can stay with a drone.”
Sirone looked up at the two drones flying through the sky.
That flying object would also be something called an ancient artifact in the original world. However, the ancient land technology was incomparably cutting-edge.
Suddenly, I wondered what kind of expression he would make if he showed it to Nade.
“I know that machine is doing reconnaissance, but how can we see it?”
said Kanya, poking her temples.
“It is connected to my head. We call it frequency.”
“frequency?”
“Well, it’s like an invisible sign. Is it a similar concept to sound? It’s a technology called retinal vision, and when a drone shoots radio waves at my frequency, an image is formed in the pupil. Look closely at my left eye.”
An electric field formed in Kanya’s pupils, and a bird’s-eye view of the valley quickly developed. Even though it is smaller than the pupil, the resolution is high, so I was able to see what kind of scenery was unfolding.
“This is the valley as seen from the drone’s point of view. You may not be able to see it in detail, but in reality it occupies half of my field of vision. Because the screen is directly reflected on the retina.”
“It’s a great technique.”
Tess couldn’t hide her envy. She’s always been into ancient artifacts, but her drones in particular have been game-changers in her espionage warfare.
“Where can I get something like this?”
“This is not to seek, but to be supplied. It’s something that is only given to Mecha, but when you turn 12, you can get a drone.”
“Then can I get one for you?”
“no. The quantity is strictly controlled, so if you secretly steal it and get caught, you will be punished severely.”
“I see. I want one too… … .”
“The other subjects are envious of drones. However, it has a personal password anyway, so no one else can use it. As soon as the owner changes, it beeps and goes to sleep.”
Tess was even more upset that it was only for one person. want to have. However, if it was a product provided by the state, it could not be bought with money.
Jealous, Tess kept her mouth shut from then on.
“I found a place for the Norse to stay. It’s not far from here.”
Kanya then started running and arrived in front of the cave.
The drone landed on the back of Kanya’s hand and turned into a gauntlet.
The landscape of the final capture point appeared on the surface. Kanya, who compared what she saw with her eyes and the photos, approached the cave saying that this place was certain.
At that moment, Tess raised her hand to stop her.
“Wait a minute. I smell blood.”
“The smell of blood? I don’t smell anything.”
“Huh, of course not. Because I’ve been training since I was little. You can’t even smell that machine, can you?”
“What are you talking about? Mecha technology can distinguish 140,000 different smells. It’s just that drones don’t have that capability.”
Only then did the party realize that there was a war of nerves between Tess and the drone.
Well, the drone’s reconnaissance ability was overwhelming even in their opinion. However, Lian felt sorry for Tess, who was only jealous of the iron block.
“It’s okay, so do it quickly. Don’t feel inferior to strange things.”
When Rian said it was strange, Tess, feeling relieved, traced the reverberation of the blood with the sensory system schema.
After taking a step into the cave and looking inside, I looked around for a while.
After finishing the analysis, she looked back at the group and said.
“I can smell blood from inside the cave. I’m sure someone is there, but they don’t seem to have ventured out of the cave.”
“why? Can’t you smell the blood outside?”
“no. Rather, it is assumed that it did not come out because the smell of blood was strong from the inside.”
“By the way, didn’t you check outside longer?”
“It is a manual of sorts. If you can smell blood outside, the cave is highly likely to be a trap.”
“Then, it’s not a trap. Let’s go in.”
Sirone cast the lighting magic, Shining.
Kanya and Lena were frightened as the sphere of light floated over their palms. Although the Norse are a race that deals with magic, they have never seen magic like this in heaven.
“Sister, can you see that? I made light from my body.”
“okay. The people of the land country use strange magic.”
“huh. But that… … Doesn’t it look just like that?”
“Lena! That kind of thinking is disrespectful. I beg you to make a mistake in your heart soon.”
Lena’s expression softened. She didn’t say anything because she noticed, which means her sister felt the same way.
In any case, disrespect was a sin, so in her heart she begged Ra to forgive her.
—————————————

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-182.txt
=============YYYYY=============
[182] 4. Reversal of the Law (3)
After 10 meters, the smell of blood became stronger.
Tess, with tension rising, was about to tell Sirone to slow down.
Suddenly the cave shook and blunt pillars protruded from the walls. The speed is also fast, but the size is also enough to crush humans.
Sirone and the others reflexively retreated.
It was even more bizarre when I looked at it from a distance. Dozens of pillars protruding from the walls of the cave intersected.
“are you okay? Is anyone hurt?”
Sirone shouted, and Amy answered.
“huh. I don’t think there is. Sirone and you?”
“I’m fine too. Could it be that it was a trap?”
“no. There is no sign of artificial alteration in the cave. Besides, for a trap, the activation time is too fast.”
Tess was right. If he really wanted to kill him, he would have lured him to the point of inevitability and set off a trap. But the pillars jutted out from the front, as if their purpose was to deter access.
“If not a trap, what is?”
A boy’s voice came from the end of the cave.
“Identify yourself! I won’t miss it this time!”
Sirone held out her Shining to reveal what was inside.
A boy of about the same age was squatting with his hands on the floor. In the back, a strong-looking hairy boy was sitting with both legs stretched out, and blood could be seen between the fingers that covered his stomach.
It was Gadlock, the guide to Norr’s shelter.
Guard Rock, who was looking at Sirone and the others, said to his disciple.
“Clove, I would have told you not to use earth magic in the cave. If even the ceiling collapses, we die too.”
After hearing the teacher’s words, Clove stood up slowly. Even so, the eyes of the boundary did not disappear.
From their conversation, Sirone felt familiar as if she had come to her original world. He did not understand the language of the Norse, but the pronunciation and intonation were similar to those of the common continent.
Kanya went up to them and spoke in the Norse language.
“Are you Norwegians? I’ve been looking for you all this time.”
“Hoo? Now that I see it, they are proud subjects. So, what are the Mecha people who hate exploration and adventure terribly doing here?”
“Yeah, of course in Nord’s Shelter… … .”
Kanya stopped talking and checked the condition of the guard lock. Her mouth is smiling, but her complexion is pale.
Blood was flowing from his stomach.
It was strange. What was there to be injured in the valley of the whirling snakes where there was only one law?
“Are you hurt? Maybe the whirlpool snake… … .”
“No, not the law. I was beaten by Kergo.”
The word Kergo stuck in Sirone’s ears. At first I thought I had heard it wrong, but as Kanya raised the language of the Norse to the surface, their conversation began to be interpreted.
“Kergo? You mean they came all the way here to hunt?”
“There is no such thing as hunting because heretics do not live here. It seems that he was determined and aimed at us. Fortunately, I escaped a fatal wound, but I don’t know what will happen if the bleeding continues.”
Sirone interrupted the conversation between the two.
“Did you just say Kergo? What did they say?”
“Kergo is also a race of subjects. The valley of the whirlpool snake is a safe place because there are no monsters living there, but it is a route that heretics often find to go to Norr’s resting place. There are other hunters in those places.”
“After all, Kergoin hunts heretics.”
“Maybe you will catch up soon. It has good tracking ability. On top of that, they even use giant technology. It’s not a problem to find this place by smell like Tess.”
Sirone guessed that the giant’s skill was a schema. If so, this wasn’t the time to be talking about it.
Arin attempted telepathy directly to the Norse.
“Could you take us to Nord’s Shelter?”
Guardlock and Clove’s expressions changed to bewilderment. Although the language was unintelligible, the meaning was automatically understood.
“What are these little boys doing? Is it a fairy’s ability?”
“No, they are from the country of the earth. Like you, I use magic. In fact, it may be a little different, but I think I’m a descendant of the Norse anyway.”
Kanya packaged it so that the Norse could accept Sirone and the others as friendly as possible. It is because the best way to survive Purgatory for as long as possible is to enter the Norr community.
“What, so you’re saying imitation?”
Clove’s eyes toward Sirone and the others turned disgusting.
Norse people are curious, so they were the most law-breaking race in heaven. Therefore, they knew more forbidden secrets than the Meccans.
The same was true of the kingdoms of the earth.
The earthly kingdom is said to be a shadow imitating the heavenly kingdom, the perfect world. That’s why the people living there are nothing more than imitations made after the people in heaven.
In Clove’s opinion, Sirone and the others were worse than anything else in heaven. It was because the gap between the Norse and the Mojo was as great as the difference between the Creator and the creature.
“Are we imitators? what is that?”
Ignoring Sirone’s words, Clove pointed to the backpacks placed along the wall.
“Hey, you guys. Come over here and pick up your luggage. singly.”
There was no need to go through menarche. Clove’s tone contained feelings of humiliation. Amy shot at him, stunned by the sight of him standing with his chin held up arrogantly.
“Why do we have to carry your burden?”
“Isn’t it obvious? Because you have to run away.”
“Then why do we have to carry that burden?”
“Because you are imitators. Wouldn’t you be here without us? Of course, you should follow it with a grateful heart.”
Clove seemed to accept it as an established fact that Sirone and the others had to obey orders.
Even so, when he checked his face, he twitched his nostrils and played with Amy’s hair.
“It’s fine for a mojo. How about coming into my house? Don’t you want to live safely in Purgatory?”
Amy’s eyes widened.
Whether it is a subject or a fake person, such a problem can be passed over because it is the way of thinking here. However, the act of touching a woman’s body was just out of character, regardless of heaven.
“Get your hands off me. Because I can blow it up.”
“haha! are you me Well, since I’m a mojo, I’ll use a little magic. But it won’t work for me.”
“Stop it, Clove.”
Sensing the anger at Master’s voice, Clove stepped back.
Only then did I feel the atmosphere of this place. Sirone and the others were glaring at him with murderous eyes.
“what? What if you look at me?”
“Clove, there is no time. Are you going to make me die here?”
Realizing Master’s injury, Clove hurriedly helped Guardlock. Then, Gadlock stood up on his disciple’s shoulder and apologized on Clove’s behalf.
“I’m sorry. It’s the first time even I’ve seen a mojo person, so I think there was a problem with how to respond. After all, you are also human. I am a guard rock I think we have to leave this place. Can you help me? It looks like you guys have come to Norr’s Shelter too. We will guide you.”
Guardlock was at least like a wizard. It’s not easy to apologize in front of a student, but he knows that it’s important to cooperate in order to survive, whether it’s a mojo or something.
Sirone and the others also decided that it would be dangerous to stay for a long time, so they carried their backpacks on their backs without muttering.
We arrived at the place where Clove’s work, Pillars are intertwined.
Clove, who was supporting Guard Rock, had to sweat for a long time to get out.
Amy snorted. She also accused the situation of being hit by the magic she cast, but seeing that she didn’t expect this, I wondered if her head was falling a little.
Sirone paid no attention to Clove and was thinking about the magic he cast.
The magic of pillars coming out of the walls was both radical and dynamic. However, I felt that it would be very inefficient to use it in the way I know.
Maybe the ancient magic’s ingredients are different. With that in mind, Sirone asked Gadlock.
“But what is this magic?”
Clove let out a condescending laugh and intercepted the answer.
“haha! what are you not able to do? This is crazy. Earth magic is the basic of the basics.”
As he said that, he winked at Amy with one eye.
“I can teach you.”
“No thanks? I don’t want to make my friends suffer.”
Clove’s face turned red at the sarcastic comment about the situation from a while ago.
Guardlock was also curious about Sirone’s magic. He is a fake and uses unusual magic.
As far as he knew, the sphere of light Sirone was floating in her hand was magic that could not be realized here. Because the cave is a realm of darkness.
I don’t know if I made a contract with the light spirit, but judging from the lack of activity, it wasn’t like that.
“Hmm, hard to explain. You guys don’t use this kind of magic, do you?”
“There is magic that uses the properties of the land, but there is no magic that makes columns protrude from caves.”
“Maybe the principle is different. We use magic by borrowing the power of nature. Where there is fire, there is fire magic; where there is water, there is water magic. It’s the same reason why Clove used earth magic. Of course, I don’t think I even thought about the danger of collapse.”
“No, Master. It was really urgent at the time.”
Clove made an excuse, but Sirone and the others weren’t listening anyway. He couldn’t afford to pay attention to other people’s bullshit because he was talking through mental channels.
– Magic using the power of nature. Quite peculiar.
– The destructive power was also quite good. In the original world, the magic cast by Clove would be quite difficult. You made it easy though. Even though he’s such a low-key guy.
Amy added to Canis’s words.
-There are other advantages to borrowing the power of nature besides power. One person can handle multiple series. It’s different from choosing a major and training like we do.
Arin pointed out the flaws.
-But there seems to be an aspect where the applicability is low. You are bound by the environment. You cannot cast magic if the desired attribute is not around.
To summarize the characteristics of ancient magic, it is broad, powerful, and capable of using various attributes. On the other hand, the environment was severely restricted, and in some cases, there was room for the magic itself to be blocked.
Heavenly magic and earthly magic. Which one would be more effective was still a question that could not be determined.
After leaving the cave, Kanya turned to Guard Rock and asked.
“By the way, where is Nord’s shelter?”
“You can’t tell that to a Mecca. At least know that it’s not here. It has to be done by magic, but it’s impossible here. Follow me.”
At that moment, Lena, who received the signal from the drone, confirmed her retinal vision and shouted.
“sister! It’s a big deal!”
Kanya also closed one eye and received the information transmitted by the drone. In a valley not far away, a group was approaching at high speed.
“Oh, it’s Kergoin! We have to go quickly!”
A light of resignation dwelled in Gardrak’s eyes.
“no. It’s already too late. Their sense of smell is incredibly sensitive. You smelled blood.”
I haven’t even heard the sound of it approaching yet. Still, the smell of blood meant that at least one of the group was an expert in the sensory system.
“What do we do? What should I do, Master?”
Clove asked, stamping her feet.
There was no way there was a clever idea called Guard Rock.
According to Lena, the number of pursuers was about twenty. Guardlock is injured and Clove is inexperienced. A collision like this would be annihilation.
“How about we do this?”
Everyone’s eyes focused on Sirone.
@
A Kergo chasing party riding black horses galloped over the stream.
Their eyes, clad in red armor reflecting the sun, sparkled like a famous sword just pulled from a forge.
Upon arriving at the cave, the captain of the chase party raised his hand to stop the approach.
“stop! It’s in a cave!”
Twenty men, led by the captain, stopped. A woman with a ponytail pulled her horse by the captain’s side.
—————————————

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-183.txt
=============YYYYY=============
[183] 4. Reversal of the Law (4)
“Shall I go in?”
“no. Norr uses the ability of nature affinity. It is at a disadvantage in confined spaces. They know that, so they’re luring us in.”
The captain shouted so that the cave reverberated with schema’s ability.
“If you don’t come out right away, you will be in trouble! I will count to three!”
The men took out their bows and loaded their arrows.
It’s not an arrow that causes an explosion like an arc, but an arrow that flies with schema’s brawn can pierce even rocks. If you are in a cave, you will end up being full of holes without even a chance to escape.
“one!”
The cave was silent.
“two!”
The captain’s expression distorted. Did he decide to die?
The only way the Norse could try was to block the cave using the magic of the earth. However, such a stopgap could not last long, and it was like eliminating the retreat itself.
“three!”
A red dot appeared between the captain’s forehead.
When something burst out of the cave, the captain drew his sword with superhuman reflexes and covered his face.
But by the time I realized what had been blocked, the projectile was already exploding.
“Damn it… … !”
With a roar, a ball of fire engulfed the captain.
The aftermath of the fire reached even the subordinates, and the frightened horses ran amok.
At that moment, Sirone and the others came out of the cave.
The captain, who fell off his horse, glared at them with a body rising from smoke. He stood up as he planted his sword on the floor and looked back at the confused displays and shouted.
“I am with the Meccans! Don’t miss it!”
Since I was chasing the Norse, I never dreamed that there would be a Mecca.
Sirone aimed at that blind spot.
The prediction was right. Kanya and Lena waited for the pursuers to approach through drones and fired an arc at the right time to create an opportunity to escape.
“The number of enemies is high! Find the narrow road!”
At Sirone’s words, Kanya checked the terrain with her drone and turned.
The pursuers who saw through the strategy fired their bows.
Even though it was shot directly from a distance of 100 meters, it did not lose speed and passed by Sirone and the others.
Clove turned around annoyed.
“I’ll buy you time!”
“no! Just run!”
“You have to pay back one blow to save Norr’s face!”
Clove plunged her hand into the shallow water and cast an ancient magic shaving.
As the stream water froze, it began to bleach white.
Hard!
The sound of hardening water spread through the valley and columns rose above the frozen surface, similar to those seen in the cave.
Sirone watched the scene even while running.
The scale of ancient magic that borrowed the power of nature was much larger than expected. The water in the stream froze, and so many pillars obscured my view that I couldn’t advance on my horse.
There was a bang and the sound of ice breaking.
The group’s faces darkened. The pursuers who had given up on their horses were running towards them, bursting ice pillars with knives and fists.
“Did Norr and Mecca hold hands? They are lowly heretics!”
Kanya shouted while aiming the arc.
“We are subjects! There is no reason for you, fellow subjects, to get involved in the law!”
As soon as I let go of the handle, Ark’s projectiles rushed in.
A warrior with a longsword cut the projectile in half. A moment later, two fireballs exploded from behind.
“Those who break the law will be beheaded! We are the first subjects chosen by God!”
The Kergo chasers raised their weapons and let out a roar.
It was a completely different look from the Kergo civilization he had seen in the original world. Luxurious armor and extravagant accessories. They were aristocrats of the Shinmin faction.
Sirone ran to Kanya’s side and asked.
“Why are they doing that? Why do you fight like this even though you are the same subject?”
“It’s a heresy hunt. They are the most faithful race among the subjects. As such, they are arrogant and warlike towards other subjects. There is nothing good about being entangled.”
Sirone shut his mouth. already properly entangled.
“They are irritating, but they are strong because they use the powers of giants. Purgatory is an extraterrestrial theocracy, so anything can be done. If I get caught, I won’t kill you gracefully.”
The distance between the pursuers was getting shorter and shorter.
It was because everyone was operating the schema, and Sirone and the others even had an injured person called Gardlock.
Gadlock shouted at Clove.
“Clove! Let’s cast Aeos!”
“It’s dangerous! Master is injured!”
“Anyway, everyone will die! Hey, we’ll fall first!”
Gadlock cast the wind magic, Aeos. As Gardlock floated up, Clove flew up with the same magic.
Sirone remembered fly magic from Aios. If it was a similar device, it would be difficult to balance the atmosphere in a narrow valley.
As expected, the higher they climbed, the more they swayed. It was a situation where it looked like it would crash into a cliff at any moment.
Without them, there is no way to get to Norr’s shelter. Feeling the need to save it, Sirone told his friends.
-Take one person at a time! Let’s go teleport!
Canis wanted to use the Dark Fort, but four wizards had to move two mechas and two swordsmen, so he had no choice but to use photonization magic.
Amy caught Tess, and Sirone caught Lian. Kanis and Arin also grabbed Kanya and Lena’s hands, respectively.
In the meantime, the pursuing party had reached a close distance.
Kergoin in the lead raised her sword from her horse. A silver longsword fell like lightning toward Sirone’s head.
At that moment, Sirone and the others’ bodies turned into flashes of light and surged up.
Gardlock and Clove almost lost their magic.
It’s not enough to make light, so it turns into light. Besides, moving the Meccans at the same time was unimaginable in heaven.
At least by human standards.
“Uh, how can you use light magic without borrowing the power of nature?”
Ancient magic must borrow the power of attributes. The most difficult of these was the light.
Light is a weak and widespread force. Therefore, even if it is an ancient magic that borrows the power of nature, it is difficult to focus the light.
The only time a Norse could cast light magic was when there was a Shining Spot, a place where light gathers.
Clove was distraught.
Shirone and the others, who caught up to the height in an instant by teleportation, were completely different from the insignificant and incompetent imitations they thought they were.
Even when I saw Sirone’s Shining Magic, I thought it was just moving light from a Shining Spot somewhere. But they produce light from their bodies.
And as far as he knew, there was only one Aspect other than Ra who handled light in Heaven.
Arin, who read the emotions of the Norse, relayed them to the spirit channel.
-The Norse don’t know teleportation magic.
said Amy with a snort.
-joy! Isn’t it obvious? The photonization theory is one of the greatest discoveries in the history of magic, even in our own world. If you look down on the geniuses of the earth country, you will get hurt.
Amy was proud of being born in the country of the land.
However, Kergo of the Sky was also a formidable opponent. It was running vertically up the cliff using external gravity.
Amy lay flat and landed a fire strike.
The pursuit team, which caught the spear of flames, was divided into left and right sides. After making a big detour around the cliff, they increased their speed and closed the distance with Sirone and the others.
– Chet! You’re so tenacious!
-I’ll try.
Arin extended her tentacles and attempted mind control.
Most of the pursuers resisted, but one was caught. As the warrior dominated by Arin swung his sword at his comrades, the pursuit line broke.
“These stupid bastards!”
The captain watching from the bottom of the cliff twisted his nose. Then he took a deep breath and roared towards the cliff.
It was howling, a schema technique.
“Ooooooooooo!”
As the reverberation of the howling spread along the cliff struck the minds of the wizards, the Norse aeos broke free.
Sirone showed concentration and endured. It was a technique that shook the mind itself, like Etela’s perm roar.
Sirone cast teleportation on the falling guard lock. As soon as he grabbed hold of his body, Amy flew in and grabbed Clove by the ankle.
Inertia was initialized by casting photonization magic. As Sirone sat down with Lian and Gadlock, his friends arrived on the ground one after another.
“damn! Howling is always a problem. Nor is it compatible with Kergo.”
Guardlock, who lost his face, made an excuse. Come to think of it, it seemed that master and disciple were not different at all.
Then, all of a sudden, I was curious. Even though they were subjected to the same howling, they couldn’t figure out why Sirone and the others were fine.
“Hey, why are you all okay?”
Sometimes asking innocently is more irritating. Kanis spoke bluntly with such feelings in mind.
“Can you be okay? My head will ring to death.”
“But how did you cast your magic?”
“I am just observing. If you’re at this level of shaking, don’t go anywhere and call me a wizard.”
Unlike the Norse, who borrows the power of nature, the land’s magic is manifested in a state of combining omniscience and omnipotence. It cannot be denied that it is a trickier method than ancient magic.
However, that inefficiently refined concentration actually had the effect of strengthening their mental powers.
Also, there were many people with special abilities in Sirone’s party.
For Arin, who specializes in mental power, mental defense was her major, and Amy was immune at all thanks to her Hongan ability. In addition, Shirone possessed the mental power of an adamantine Buddha, said to be equivalent to the effect of Hong’s face, in terms of her durability alone.
Clove landed face down in the creek. Then he stood up and looked back at Amy with an angry expression.
“you! Do you dare to put me down?”
I couldn’t tolerate Amy’s arrogance any longer. Her temper was nasty, but it also had its own charm, so I endured it, and something like imitation was climbing all the way to her head.
“Never let go… … !”
Clove felt a chill and stopped talking.
Amy’s eyes were shining red. She also felt her ghostly chill in her expression as she glared at her pursuers.
Amy said without even looking away.
“Don’t touch it during battle. I’ll accept the foolishness later.”
Clove slowly turned his head. The Kergo chasers were approaching with their eyes shining like wild beasts.
Clove’s face turned to tears.
“done. we’ll get caught And you will be tortured until you die… … .”
“Don’t interfere with the plan and come in if you’re not going to fight.”
Even if you win in momentum, what do you want to do because you are weak when the charter is at a disadvantage?
As Amy grabbed Clove’s hind legs and pulled her back, Clove’s legs were weak and she landed on her buttock.
This time, he asked Amy, not caring whether Guard Rock was in the spirit of taking care of his disciples.
“Is there any way?”
“I can’t be sure, but I think I managed to make it on time somehow. Sirone, are you done?”
“huh. It was close.”
Gadlock tilted his head and asked again.
“What are you talking about? what ends?”
Sirone looked up at the sky. His spirit zone reached the sky in a curved form from the target type in all directions. Because it was a unique shape, it took quite a while to transform.
Sirone cast photonization magic on everyone without touching them. It was mass teleport, a magic that he realized at the cost of risking his life on the cliff of a bridge that he couldn’t cross.
“Hurry up! I intend to run away again!”
The captain of the chasing party charged his men. Then he took a deep breath and let out a howl.
A roar swept over Sirone and the others. Gardlock and Clove frowned, but the Diamond Buddha did not waver. Compared to Marsha’s sonic cannon, it wasn’t even noise.
Sirone calmly watched the captain as if to destroy the enemy’s fighting spirit, then cast a mass teleport.
A massive flash of light swept the party and carried them to the top of the cliff where the Spirit Zone touched.
“shit! Howling doesn’t work!”
The captain of the pursuit party gnashed his teeth with a huff.
—————————————

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-184.txt
=============YYYYY=============
[184] 4. Reversal of the Law (5)
But when I thought about it, the howling wasn’t the problem. I had never seen magic that turned into a huge flash and flew into the sky.
“How did you do it? Who are those?”
Two experts in pursuit started chasing the trail of Sirone and the others. One snorted like his dog, the other had his head raised to the sky and his tongue pulled out.
A man using his sense of smell declared surrender.
“Captain, the wind is blocked. I cannot pursue you.”
The man who uses his sense of taste endured a little longer. He lowered his tongue to the tip of his chin and returned his white eyes to normal.
“It is caught by the taste buds. It is over there.”
The captain got on his horse when the second party arrived. Then he turned in the direction the olfactory expert had pointed and said.
“I just got over a wall anyway! Didn’t get far! Pursue!”
“Kirya ya ya!”
The pursuers went back the way they had come, groaning.
1 minute after that.
Sirone and the others rode the flash and came down to their original place.
It was Sirone’s proposal to use Kergo’s search ability against her.
The smell is already permeated here, so it is impossible to search. Therefore, they will come back after checking all points.
Gardlock was supported by Clove again. Then he pointed to a crevice deep in the valley and said,
“Thank you for being alive. We won’t be seeing each other for a while. let’s go this way There will be a way.”
Amy asked incredulously.
“Where the heck is Nord’s resting place? How much further do we have to go?”
“That is what I want to ask. How do you handle light magic freely? Are you extracting it from the air?”
“We don’t use that method. Why is that all of a sudden?”
“To move to Norr’s shelter, we need a place where the light gathers. It’s similar to the magic you cast, but it can fly farther. Anyway, trust me and follow me. There is a Shining Spot if you go a little further.”
Perhaps the magic Gadlock was talking about was space movement. It seemed to be a way to borrow the power of photons from the place where the light converges and fly to Norr’s shelter all at once.
It’s a good choice. In this way, even if the pursuer kills the guide, Nord’s resting place will not be open to the public.
The mindset of the Norse was decidedly wizard-like. where such people gather. What kind of place is Nor’s shelter?
With a little excitement, Sirone passed through the gap in the valley to the other side.
@
“Where are you hiding?”
The captain of the pursuit party was serious. I had been looking around for 20 minutes, but I couldn’t find their smell.
A group of scouts came riding on horseback. A look of failure was evident from his eyes.
“doesn’t exist. I can’t find any traces of entry into Maru Valley or Fan Creek.”
“shit! Missing all the catches!”
“By the way, Captain, isn’t it strange? How did you escape when fighting us? Certainly, it wasn’t even the area where the light was concentrated, as the Norse say.”
The captain was thinking about it too.
As far as he knows, there is no wizard in Norr who uses magic like that. It may be an alien species, but there are many corners similar to humans.
He, who has been hunting heresy for 400 years this year, came up with a hint from old history.
“no way… … Are you a land person?”
A sharp light shone in the captain’s eyes. If it was a land man, the pursuit was not a problem.
Mecca digs into what is known, and Nord digs into what is unknown. But Kergo digs into the gods, so he was the only subject who knew all the truth.
The earth man was not a mojo. At least for Kergoin, it was a serious variable that could affect the law.
“Stop the chase. return to shaman Report first.”
Following the captain of the chasing party, the subordinates turned their horses’ heads.
At that moment, a sudden vibration came from the ground.
Everyone who looked around indifferently opened their eyes wide as the vibrations gradually got stronger.
“no way… … ?”
The reason why the Norse used the valley as an intermediate base was because it was a clean area where no one would be harmed by avoiding one law.
So this vibration was something that should never have happened. The story of whirlpool snakes appearing at the time of sunrise was an event not recorded even in history.
“The law… … It is out of sync.”
As the strong wind blew, a black curtain was drawn over the 20 people’s field of view.
What followed in the absence of anything was screams and screams.
As time passed, their cries faded away.
The darkness lifted, and the sun came down and illuminated the cold valley. Thousands of flesh were floating on the red stream.
@
“Sharmain?”
When Sirone made a puzzled expression, Kanya realized that she had shortened her words and added an explanation. Meeting people outside of heaven for the first time sometimes forgets that they are from an earthly country.
“Even in heaven, it is the area where subjects live. It is also called the first thousand.”
“The first thousand. Is it the first sky?”
Gardlock answered that question. As a heretic, he was less burdened than Kanya in explaining heaven.
“Heaven is divided into 7 divisions from the 1st to the 7th heaven. Among them, the place where the subjects live is called Sharmain.”
Sirone recalled the scenery he had seen from the sky.
Six districts divided like a pie inside a huge circular castle wall, and another district nestled in the middle.
The 7 heavens Gadrak said was what he meant.
“Are all races living together in Sharmain?”
“yes. The living area is different, but living in the first thousand is the same. Kergo also behaves calmly. Because subjects are basically protected by the law. But purgatory is an extraterrestrial priesthood. So the laws of heaven do not apply. It is not easy to survive here.”
“How many tribes live here?”
“Including purgatory, there is no number. There are many creatures that do not know where they came from because they are called extraterrestrial species. The solitary demons you said you dealt with are also alien species. However, there are still only three races of subjects who keep the divine law. Because the pros and cons are different, we join forces to form the foundation of heaven. Norr likes to explore, and Mecca likes to explore.”
“Then what does Kergo like?”
The corners of Gardrak’s mouth went up.
“They like God.”
“Gadrak! Such blasphemous words!”
Kanya fired back, but Guardlock didn’t care.
From the moment he decided to become a heretic, there was no law governing him anywhere. He gained a painful life as the price of abandoning God, but that was also his own will.
“Kergoin likes to fight. Their job is to hunt. That’s why they are the only race allowed to enter Purgatory. Of course, the parties seem to be interpreting it strangely, but it is.”
This time, Kanya had no choice but to agree.
“It’s a race I really don’t like. Just because they use their giant abilities doesn’t make them giants. It annoys me to see you impersonate a law-keeper.”
“But what is the law?”
When I first heard the word law, I interpreted it as I knew, but as time passed, it seemed to be used with a different meaning from the original world.
Kanya asked with a puzzled expression.
“You don’t know what the law is? Are there no laws in the kingdoms of the earth?”
“No, there is, but do you really have to protect it?”
“of course. Law is the will of the great Ra. Those who oppose that will cannot exist. That’s why it’s called the law.”
Sirone spread both hands as if frustrated.
“But aren’t we breaking the law now?”
Kanya seemed to be more frustrated.
“That’s why you’re being treated like this in Purgatory! Why can’t you understand what I’m talking about! Would you like to live your whole life in a place like this?”
Clove responded at the demeaning words of Purgatory.
“Hey, what else can I not buy? Much better than living your whole life in such a confined space.”
“Oh, so? Then where do you live well? Being hunted for heresy by Kergo all my life.”
The moment Clove was about to shoot, Guardlock opened his mouth.
“Things like that happen, too. Anyway, we are the ones who broke the law. So he was banished to purgatory, but how is it? At least we got our freedom.”
“Why is that freedom? It’s just horror. The fear of not knowing when to die.”
“You never know when you will die. Still, I have the right to die. Wouldn’t that be okay?”
Kanya’s expression hardened.
Subjects were said to gain eternal life, but death was a sensitive issue nonetheless. In particular, the fact that the word “right to die” came out of the mouth of a heretic was a mockery of heaven.
Kanya couldn’t hold back her anger and fired at her.
“If you are a subject, shouldn’t you obey the law? Are you saying that your life will be better if you wrap it up with words like freedom and the right to die? This is why I don’t like Norr.”
Lena dried up.
“Stop it, sister. Even if you fight heresy, the result will be the same.”
Kanya knew too. I couldn’t communicate with them, who stood at the symmetrical point based on the law.
However, Gadlock was thinking of putting an end to it while the fight had already taken place. During his long life in purgatory, he too had accumulated a lot.
“Do you really think so? Do you think you are right?”
“of course! we are different! The reason I went to Purgatory is because I don’t use elixirs in Heaven. As long as I get the goods, I will return to Sharmain and live happily there for the rest of my life under the protection of the gods!”
“You don’t have to wrap it that way. Aren’t you just a creature thirsting for eternal life?”
There was life in Kanya’s eyes.
Until now, the reason I stayed quiet despite the disrespectful conversation was because there was an acceptable line. However, Gadlock had just crossed that line.
“You, no matter how heretical you are, I cannot forgive you for saying such things. We can get rid of it right here.”
“Sister, don’t.”
Kanya shook off her brother’s hand and took out the arc. But her guard lock only looked at her calmly, in a sense, with her sympathetic eyes.
“Then why did you come to see me? No, what are you trying to get from Norr’s Shelter?”
Kanya’s shoulders twitched while aiming the arc.
“It’s obvious even if you don’t say it. Sooner or later, someone in your family will be receiving anecdotal liquor, right? That’s why you came here to buy Nord’s medicine.”
Ark’s aiming point shook. If you release the handle at this distance, there is no way to block the projectile. But she couldn’t shoot. Tears flowed uncontrollably from her.
“What, what’s wrong? What’s wrong with thinking of your parents! This has nothing to do with the law! i just… … Just my mother… … !”
Since men in the sky are also weak to women’s tears, Gadrak’s emotions softened. At one time he too was a subject. That’s why he knew better than anyone how Kanya was feeling.
Lena hugged her sister and said to Gardlock.
“sorry. Sister… … .”
“know. You don’t have to apologize to Ethan. Meccans have strong family ties. I must have been unreasonably excited. It’s all because of this wound.”
Gadlock shyly examined the wound on his abdomen. Only his muscles were cut, but his organs were unharmed. The problem was the amount of bleeding, which was not severe, but the bleeding was not being stopped.
Gadlock turned around and said.
“don’t worry. Norse people don’t put their emotions on things, so you’ll get what you want. But you’ll need quite a bit of elixir. The sales skills of the Norse are excellent.”
Kanya said courageously, wiping away her tears.
“Hey, don’t worry about that. I’ve saved enough for a year.”
A sad smile crept across Gardlock’s mouth as he moved away.
Sirone, who watched their conversation, felt depressed. Many of the words were unfamiliar and the motive for the explosion was unclear, but this place was also not a place where absolute values dominated.
What is anecdotal alcohol? Is Ra really a god? Is this heaven or just another world?
When this journey is over, will we be able to return with all the answers?
—————————————

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-185.txt
=============YYYYY=============
[185] 4. Reversal of the Law (6)
Guard Rock found the place he wanted not far away.
It was a place where the valley subsided and cracked. It was a gap that one person could barely enter, and a ray of light was coming down through the gap.
“Look here.”
Gadlock pointed to the center of the flash and said. Only there was a toxic light. It was fluffy like snowflakes, but if you looked closely, you could see grains of light swirling around.
Sirone looked at it and scratched her head. How should I explain it? Due to the nature of light, it was impossible for particles to naturally agglomerate.
Of course, the Norse thought was not different.
Gardlock said while covering the particles of light with both hands, as if emphasizing that it was a unique phenomenon.
“Can you see the light only converging here?”
“yes. But how is this possible?”
“It’s Jeong. The spirit of light dwells here.”
“therefore… … Do you mean that Jung is gathering light?”
“no. Because the light stayed for a long time, affection came to dwell in it. Jeong can be anywhere. It can dwell in wind, water, and even thoughts. Of course, as long as that thought doesn’t change for an eternity.”
I wondered if Sirone had a similar concept to magic stones.
It was a phenomenon in which the concept of a certain quality was materialized when it was stored for a very long time.
“If the spirit dwells in one place for a long time, it becomes a spirit. So, the spirit… … I’m talking about the spirit with activity. Besides, you can make contracts with humans. If you make a contract with the spirit of light, you can use the power of light anytime, anywhere. But saving is picking stars from the sky.”
Sirone pointed to Jeong and said.
“Then this light will also become a spirit someday?”
“Haha, that’s right. Wouldn’t it be a thousand years? Unless it perishes in the meantime.”
thousand years. It was much longer than the time given to humans. Perhaps the period during which certain qualities become positive is also similar. I understood the saying that saving the spirit is picking stars in the sky.
“Anyway, you can go to Norr’s Resting Area through this place. Everyone gather here.”
“The space is small, so don’t a few people have to cross over to the other side?”
“are you okay. Come to think of it, the magic of the land country doesn’t have a wide radius. We can increase the size as long as we have the affection of light. It’s like this.”
Guardlock grabbed the bundle of light. His fists turned golden and rode up to his shoulders.
Sooner or later, the light seemed to spread all over the body.
Since the power of nature is infinite, humans who borrow that power can scale up as much as they like.
However, it seemed to take quite a bit of time.
After a long time, the light did not pass over his shoulder, and a mysterious light passed through Gadlock’s eyes.
“Strange. why does it take so long Usually five minutes is enough.”
“Master, isn’t it that the affection of light has weakened?”
“No way. I did it 3 days ago with no problems. It takes at least hundreds of years for the aura of justice to change. Or what factors are weakening the aura of justice?”
“But it can’t be. Because there is only one law here. That’s why we also use it as an intermediate base.”
From Clove’s words, Gadlock realized. It may be a delusion, but it was a bigger delusion to leave the only correct answer and look for other factors.
“no way… … ! But why?”
The light began to flicker. Then the ground, and finally the whole valley, shook like an earthquake.
“What’s wrong? What’s wrong?”
“Quickly get out of here! It’s a whirlwind serpent! Things are getting messy!”
If the cliff collapsed, it would have been overpowered, so Sirone and the others hurriedly escaped through the gap in the valley.
Looking outside, everything around me was shaking. It was clear that any being of this size was close.
But looking around, I didn’t see anything that looked like a snake.
“shit! Where are you? Where are you from?”
Lian pulled out her greatsword and stood in front of Sirone.
The wizards also formed formations and entered a battle posture.
Tess focused her senses and explored her surroundings. The left tremors and the right tremors are different. It’s going around the corner on the right.
Tess finally felt something strange when the ground shook so much that it was difficult to keep her balance. Her senses and reality don’t match. At this level of trembling, it was normal for her to appear before her eyes.
“Hey, over there!”
Sirone pointed with a surprised expression.
A cute little white creature was propped up on all fours on a rock three meters away.
No, can this really be called a living thing?
There were no eyes, no nose, no mouth. Her appearance resembled a salamander, but the surface was smooth as if it had been carved from jade.
I had never seen such a white creature in my entire life.
“what? Is this a vortex snake?”
“Not that way!”
At Guard Rock’s cry, Sirone reflexively took a backward step. His eyes opened and he could finally see him.
The shadow of the whirlpool serpent hung over the valley. Unbelievably, it was a huge shadow that filled the entire cliff.
Sirone turned her eyes to the rock again. The body of the salamander-like creature glowed intensely.
The shadows are raised with the light emitted from the body.
By the time I realized that, a shadow had already emerged from the cliff and was flying in, tearing at the corners of its huge mouth.
A veil of darkness blocked the view. It was so large that it exceeded common sense, so I didn’t even think it was being attacked.
The moment Sirone and the others were trapped in darkness, Guard Rock, who was watching from the gap in the valley, shouted.
“Dangerous!”
Sirone’s beam exploded.
The moment the light spread, everyone realized that a sharp shadow rake was right in front of them.
Even if it was a little late, the flesh would have fallen off.
Kyaaaaaa!
The whirlpool serpent that had been ripped apart in a frenzy screamed.
Perhaps it is the same description as Harvest. Because a creature without a mouth cannot have a sound organ.
When they came to their senses, everyone could see the shadow of the vortex snake moving away like a storm cloud.
It was fortunate that the first attack was stopped.
Most prey are killed in the first attack of the vortex snake. It’s because you can’t even see the attack coming in because you’re doing something in the dark.
Amy asked, wiping away a cold sweat.
“What is that? Is it a creature or not? Is that salamander-looking thing piloting it?”
Gadlock said as he came out of a crevice in the valley.
“No, the reality of the whirlpool snake is a shadow. no body Standing on the rock is nothing more than an ‘incarnation’ created by the shadow of the Whirling Serpent.”
“Where in the world is there such a thing? There must be a body to have a shadow!”
“I don’t know. We call this ‘reversal of the law’. That’s an alien species. I don’t know where it came from, but it’s definitely not the world we can imagine.”
The whirlpool snake didn’t come close. None of the humans he had defeated so far emitted light, so it was natural to be wary.
As the incarnation’s body shone, the shadow grew larger. It was like a wild beast making a display in front of an enemy.
Sirone realized from that fact. Maybe this isn’t his grave.
“It looks like a wild beast. Wasn’t it a common predator in the original world? like a cat or mouse. A creature at the top of the pyramid would not take such a defensive response.”
“cat? mouse? Are you kidding me now?”
Kanya represented what everyone wanted to say. But besides Sirone, there was one more person who realized that.
It was Canis.
He watched the whirlpool snake’s every move with awe-inspiring eyes.
‘It really did exist, a world where darkness rules over light.’
reversal of the law. What was written on Arcane’s note was true.
“Sirone is right. In a world where the rules were really reversed, all creatures would exist as shadows. If so, it wouldn’t have been particularly strong just because it was a whirlpool snake. Of course things are different here.”
Guard Rock looked through the cracks in the valley.
As expected, the law of the whirlpool serpent had been activated, so the energy of light had weakened.
Escape from this state was impossible.
But it wasn’t the time to give up. It was because the waves of light that Sirone showed off were strong enough to make the whirlpool snake retreat.
“Hey, we’ve passed the crisis, but we’re nervous. His weakness is light. So he is not active during the day. I don’t know why the law was broken, but if you use light magic, you have a chance.”
Sirone recalled the battle with Harvest. What I learned from that battle was that the impact was not important to the dark. The key was the total amount of energy.
When Sirone cast the photon cannon, 8 photons were born in irregular positions on the left and right sides.
All 8 flashes of light were immersed in the whirlpool snake. A terrible scream erupted.
Amy fired fireballs. Since there is light in the flame, it will be effective.
The shadow of the whirlpool serpent caught fire.
But it was just such a shock that an ant climbed on the elephant and pinched its skin. To be honest, it was such a huge shadow that I thought it was a foul play.
Canis’ magic couldn’t even be tried. He tried to attack with the power of darkness, but rather the power was being absorbed.
Winning or losing between the same attributes is judged by brute strength.
If you can’t master the darkness bigger than the vortex snake, you will be eaten.
Sirone left the group of friends. It could be really dangerous if its veil covers it again.
True to its name, the whirlpool snake was moving in a way that rotated greatly through space. After slamming a photon cannon into his side, he struggled in pain and pursued Sirone.
As the whirlpool serpent swerved sharply, its huge tail curved towards Amy and the others.
Clove grabbed his head and screamed.
“Aww! come!”
Amy spreads a fire mist. The smoke of her fire protected everyone, but she couldn’t burn her tail this much.
As if sweeping with a broomstick, the moment the tail was about to blow away the party, Amy even cast an additional fire wall.
The tail caught fire. Then the trajectory did not change.
Amy bit her lip and increased her firepower. Even if she died, she intended to keep this position.
The tail, which had been flying into Amy’s body, suddenly moved away and grazed her face. The whirlpool snake, unable to withstand the pain of fire, threw her body out.
“Sirone!”
Amy screamed before she could catch her breath.
The whirlpool snake opened its jaws and swallowed Sirone. At the same time, the snake’s face exploded as the berserk exploded.
The high-speed continuous fire of the Photon Cannon exploded.
Amy calculated it to be two hundred rounds per minute. If it was Sirone who set the best record in the school in the speed gun test, it was possible.
The rate of fire was getting faster. Then it became a flash of light and pushed the shadow to the opposite wall.
It is the subtraction of mass from photons.
Since the impact force was zero, it couldn’t tear the shadow apart, but the flash entered the body little by little.
“What kind of magic is that? Nonsense! There’s no way something like that is possible!”
It’s good when your teammates win, but Clove couldn’t accept the reality that was happening right in front of her.
It was embarrassing for Kanya and Lena as well.
Unlike the Meccans, the Norse can exert great power alone. But I’ve never seen anything like that in heaven.
It was awe-inspiring to see him fight alone against the vortex snake that everyone feared.
Above all, winning. I shuddered at the sight of the whirling snake clinging to the wall.
Sirone’s flash turned red.
From photon cannon to photon output, if you further increase the energy level here, it is compressed into a single wavelength laser.
The whirlpool serpent restored the realm of shadow and pushed the laser, but even that was scattered in a series of explosions.
Kyaaaaaa!
It was a ferocious roar.
The whirlpool snake was afraid.
In the original world, it was the lowest predator. Then, it was 10,000 years ago that he passed through a strange tunnel and came over to heaven.
Evolution was impossible in this place without natural enemies, and they just lived comfortably.
But now that comfort is about to break. To the insignificant human beings who had been ripped apart for fun.
—————————————

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-186.txt
=============YYYYY=============
[186] 4. Reversal of the Law (7)
The whirlpool serpent split the shadow into dozens of strands and attacked Sirone.
Sirone was defenseless against the tentacle attack from all directions.
At that moment, the laser scattered and spread out in several lines.
The strategy of dispersing energy and destroying each battle was an excellent choice. However, the decrease in damage per second was unavoidable.
Shadows thicker than the giant’s thighs pushed up to Sirone.
People watching screamed. I had the illusion that Sirone’s body would be torn to pieces sooner or later.
One tentacle could not withstand the accumulation of energy and exploded. Then all the tentacles exploded simultaneously.
The explosions that followed tail after tail pushed into the body, the main body.
The whirlpool snake stretched out new tentacles, but Sirone knew by now that the tentacles reached energy saturation faster than it took them to reach.
This is because as much as Sirone’s energy is dispersed, the durability of the whirlpool snake will also be dispersed.
The battle that followed was a battle between light and darkness.
Just as two fleets floating on the sea exchange relentless bombardment at a distance from each other, whenever dozens of tentacles created afterimages, Sirone’s flashes followed and exploded.
The tempo of attack and defense was fast, so I couldn’t follow the movement of the shadow with my eyes.
Sirone fired lasers while relying on Spirit Zone’s synesthesia for 70 percent of her senses.
There were dozens of ejection points, and the super-dimensional speed of the lines dominated the space.
Now it was a matter of who gets tired first.
Sirone sensed defeat. It seemed that he was about to burst into tears from his nervousness, but his mind, preoccupied with battle, did not allow even a change of expression.
Just when Sirone’s mind became faint, the whirlpool serpent roared. It was the same for him that he was doing his best.
When I thought that way, I felt a sense of unity.
The whirlpool snake struggled as if it had intuited death, but there was no space left in the shadow to absorb the energy.
The energy of the laser shook the whole of the vortex snake.
An intense explosion blew away the torso, scattering fragments of shadows.
The gradually tapering laser gradually disappeared from the front of Sirone like water droplets.
People watched the development of the situation without even moving.
Sirone also made up her mind to collapse immediately and glared at the incarnation of the whirlpool snake.
As the light disappeared from the salamander’s body, it returned to the same white jade material as at the beginning. Then, the saturation seemed to fade, and then it disappeared as if it had assimilated into the air.
“Porridge, is it dead?”
No one could answer Tess’ words.
Creatures that lived here for 10,000 years were analyzed by countless subjects and cults, but death was an unknown territory. It was because no subject had ever driven the whirlpool snake, let alone killed it.
Lian swung his sword at the spot where the salamander had been.
Guard Rock looked through the cracks in the valley. The energy of the light that had regained its strength was being revived as a transformed light.
Gadlock said confidently.
“It must be dead. No, at least not here.”
Sirone just sat down. Others watched him devastated.
Earth man erased the law.
Kanya and Lena, Gardlock and Clove knew what the current results meant.
that boy is dangerous
It is the law because it cannot be destroyed. God’s will can only be changed by God. Sirone invaded the inviolable realm where no existence was allowed to change.
“You… … What is it? what is that magic? How did you learn this magic?”
The group was silent.
In fact, they don’t even know. The principle of magic is the same, but Sirone’s magic is impossible to imitate.
Inherent magic created from God Particles has both advantages and disadvantages.
Lasers have the potential to subdue strong enemies, but are less effective against fast-moving targets. Timing is important for light width, and Photon Cannon consumes a lot of mental power for a basic magic.
However, Sirone compensated for her shortcomings with the scattering of light, the durability of Diamond Steel, and the infinite mental power she drew from the Immortal Function.
The current Sirone was in a unique position that could not be classified as a wizard of any kind.
Canis realized why the wizarding community calls unlockers unique.
It didn’t end just by opening Immortal Function. How much balance can be harmoniously packaged through the unique battery.
In that sense, Sirone was becoming a unique.
Clove looked at Sirone with a complicated feeling.
I didn’t want to feel bad because he saved his life, but the question was what would happen if he entered Norse society.
It should never happen to be dominated by imitations.
However, they could not be subdued with their skills, so the only thing left was to kill the spirit from the beginning.
“There’s nothing to be condescending about with just that much. Even if Master hadn’t been injured, he would have been able to get out. Even for heretics, it is dangerous to remove the law carelessly. With the whirlpool serpent gone, there will be a new law, and I will no longer be a guide here. It’s dangerous this time, so I can’t help it, but you’d better be careful from now on.”
Sirone wasn’t listening. Suddenly he was staring at something that had fallen from the sky.
It was a jewel that shone transparently in the shape of a drop of water.
“hey! can’t you hear me? Are you ignoring me now?”
Sirone then turned his head. Then, pointing to the three jewels that fell in front of his eyes, he asked.
“Hey, what is this? It looks like the whirlpool snake exploded and fell.”
“uh? this this… … !”
Clove’s eyes widened when he found the jewel.
It was the White Elixir.
The first time he encountered White Elixir was at Norr’s Shop on the mainland, a huge community.
At the time, the water drop spirit, which was expected to be the most expensive item on the market, was being auctioned off, but an independent Norse group that did not belong to the community won the bid for 23 white elixirs.
Unlike the water spirit, the water drop spirit was difficult to obtain. Since the sea or river does not move, emotions are often born, but water droplets are not of a constant nature.
Even so, magically it is weaker than the water spirit.
However, making a contract with the water drop spirit made the skin smooth, prevented aging, and had some healing properties, so it was popular with women.
At the time, he knew that the water drop spirit was worth 4,600 Red Elixir or 670 Green Elixir.
It was worth taking 23 elixirs for something that could only be obtained by catching 7,000 poisonous ears.
“white! It’s the white elixir!”
Clove fluttered like a flying squirrel and reached out.
The moment she was about to grab the elixir, Sirone scratched the floor and grabbed it.
Feeling the sadness of the ground collapsing, Clove frowned and turned her head.
Of course, since it was caught by Sirone, it belongs to Sirone. However, it was not easy to give up because materialism seemed to be greater than that of others.
In particular, doesn’t Sirone even know the value of the White Elixir?
“Hmmmm, why are you looking at me like that? I just wanted to take a look.”
“What is this?”
“Just what… … No big deal. It’s called an elixir, and it’s what heretics use when trading things. I have to look closely to determine the value, can you show me a moment?”
“Ok, fine. ruler.”
Sirone readily handed over the elixir. Fearing that she might change her mind, Clove quickly took the elixir away.
Kanya, who grasped the situation, approached with twin wicks in her eyes.
“hey! why are you taking it? Ethan must have his own rules. Didn’t you know that the person who hunted got the elixir?”
“My, what did I say? And we hunted together.”
“What have you done? Sirone is the only one who deserves an elixir here. Come on, give it back.”
“Sheesh! We had a fight before, but suddenly you’re pretending to be friends? In front of the Elixir, do you think there are imitations and subjects? Do you think you don’t know the heart that wants to eat rice cakes because you look good?”
“You are laughing! Subjects don’t need elixirs! Also, Sirone, if you plan to live with the Norse from now on, be aware! Elixir is food and water, air and life. In particular, the value of the white elixir is enormous! You can’t just hand it over and do that.”
“are you okay. He said he would take a look, so he showed it to me.”
“Then what if you run away? What are you going to do then?”
Sirone bent her upper body and touched the ground.
“haha! How are you going to escape?”
“How are you running away? of course… … .”
Kanya stopped talking and blinked.
Come to think of it, what was he going to do by snatching the White Elixir from a subject with no skill?
Sirone’s friends standing in the back were also watching Guard Rock’s every move. But they didn’t show any signs of nervousness either.
If Sirone puts his mind to it, he knows that it will take less than a second to subdue Clove.
Clove was clearly puzzled as to whether he had come to the same idea. It seemed that his judgment was clouded by his lust for water. It was fortunate that he did not reveal his true feelings.
Gadlock looked at him pathetically and said.
“Clove, give it back. It’s not something you can deal with.”
Red-faced Clove handed over the elixir.
“I was just trying to watch. So, here. Nice to see you.”
Sirone accepted the elixir. As he tossed it over his palm, examining the reflection in the sunlight, he asked Gadlock.
“But what are you using this for? Did you say Elixir?”
Gadlock checked how much the light’s affection had been restored. Judging by the intensity of the light, which was getting stronger at a fast speed, it seemed that we could start in the next five minutes.
“To survive in Purgatory, it is not possible to have only human strength. The environment is barren and food is scarce. Disease circulates in some places, and brimstone fires that cannot be extinguished burn the air in some places, making it impossible to breathe. Elixir is an item that allows humans to survive in such an environment. There are five colors, but in fact there is no superiority or inferiority. Because any color is a must. However, they are graded according to their rarity value. The White Elixir is the second rarest item. Thanks to its regenerative and purifying properties, it is a material that does not fall into devices that make air or medicines that treat wounds.”
“okay. Can I buy something with this?”
“of course. There are also merchants at Norr’s Shelter, so if you want something, you might as well buy it. But for the white elixir, you’ll need to go to Norr’s shop. Because it is the most active market on the mainland.”
Sirone came up with a question.
3 Elixir obtained from the Vortex Snake.
However, the fact that these items were traded on a regular basis meant that someone was hunting creatures of a similar rank to the Whirlwind Snake.
Hearing Sirone’s question, Guard Rock meekly agreed.
“Purgatory is wide. It’s incredibly wide. The Norse built their own society, but there were countless communities before that. Where we are going is only the closest to heaven. I don’t even dare to escape from the world beyond that. The White Elixir comes from beyond its borders. From those who can travel farther than us.”
Thinking that it would be nice if there were many merchants in Nord’s shelter, Sirone kept the elixir in her arms.
It’s the same in the original world, but if you can’t exchange it for something, gold coins are just a mineral. No matter how precious the white elixir was, unless you were going to make a living in purgatory, it was better to buy it immediately if you needed it.
As people gathered through the cracks in the valley, Gadrak grabbed the essence of light. As his body glowed, the ancient magic Elijah was activated, and white light spread through the cracks in the valley.
The original landscape was revealed as the edge of the light scattered like a blade weakened.
The quiet sound of the wind permeated the place where the person had disappeared.
5. Nord’s Shelter (1)
Remnants of ruins were buried in the fields. A shallow stream flowed, and wild flowers were in full bloom along the stream.
The historic site, which has become old with time, felt more comfortable than desolate. Butterflies flew between the slanted arches and three or four people were taking a break.
Arriving at Nord’s Shelter, Sirone checked the destination.
Light was coming down like a spotlight. Looking more closely, I could see the crystals of light flying around on the pillars of light.
The ancient magic Elijah seemed to be a magic that moved from light to light.
—————————————

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-187.txt
=============YYYYY=============
[187] 5. Nord’s Shelter (2)
“Is this the shelter of the Norse?”
Please enable JavaScript
“okay. It is a place where the affection of light dwells strongly. It can move hundreds of Norsemen. I heard that it was the site of the Altar of Light a long time ago, but they say that the aftermath remains.”
“It is more peaceful than I thought. Is it a safe place from raids by extraterrestrial species or heretical hunting?”
“It’s not that far away. It was just covered up with a curtain of light. If you look at this place from outside the shelter of Nord, it only looks like a field.”
It was a similar principle to invisibility magic.
Invisibility refracts light with the power of electricity to make it transparent. However, this place made the reflectance of light 100% and assimilated it with the landscape as if a mirror was erected.
A keen eye would be able to spot repeating patterns, but it seemed that no human would do such a thing in this vast land.
“Of course, the higher things in heaven can be found to recognize. But no one cares about life in purgatory. It’s only Kergoin and the starving omnivores that give off heat.”
A simple tent village was formed near the forest. I also saw vendors laying out stalls. There were no customers, but they were chatting leisurely, as if they had no intention of selling anything anyway.
Guard Rock explained that they were merchants going to the mainland’s shops. It was literally a shelter, and to find the right stuff, you had to go to Nord’s shop.
Even so, it was said that from time to time subjects would come to ask for Norr’s goods, and Kanya and Lena were one of those types.
Kanya has been nervous since arriving here. If purgatory is a neutral zone, this is the realm of heresy.
Maybe that’s why Sirone and the others didn’t even make eye contact and asked Gadlock.
“Where can I buy Nord’s medicine?”
“Hmm, did the apothecary come? Look for it over there.”
Gadlock shouted behind her as Kanya walked away.
“Remember one thing. You must never fight in Nohr’s Shelter. you know?”
No answer came back. Instead, Lena looked back at Sirone and smiled. It was a pretty heart trying to alleviate her sister’s rudeness, but it was a smile that also contained her girl’s selfishness.
“Brother, see you later.”
“okay. I hope you find what you are looking for.”
No matter how wide Norr’s shelter was, it was there, but it was good to see it as a breakup because conversation was impossible outside the radius of Arin’s Spirit Zone.
Sirone watched Kanya’s walking steps away from her.
He looked nervous.
What did she leave heaven for?
While Sirone was lost in thought, Gadlock inspected the wound on her abdomen. The bleeding was stopped, but the wound was a mess. He could be dangerous if not treated properly.
“I will rest for a while. I’m tired from bleeding. Listen to Clove on how to buy things. You, too, will need to know if you want to live in Purgatory.”
Master’s face was pale, so Clove couldn’t bear to refuse. Taking Sirone and the others to the stall, he realized that there were more vendors than usual, and his eyes lit up.
“Hey, white elixir, are you going to use it now?”
“well. I look at things first and buy what I need. why?”
“I can bargain if you are willing to pay brokerage fees. Since you’re new here, you probably don’t know what’s good, right?”
There weren’t many things that could be obtained with White Elixir at Norr’s Shelter. It was like paying gold coins to buy apples.
But since Sirone doesn’t know what’s valuable, there’s a good chance that he’ll get even scraps of rice cake if he negotiates well with the merchant.
Sirone checked the location of her friends. Everyone was scattered and looking at things. Since they are connected through a mental channel, there seemed to be no need to call them together.
-Clove soothes the brokerage fee. What do we do?
-well. I guess you’ll need a middleman. To be honest, I don’t know what they sell here besides clothes and food. But can you believe it?
Arin answered Amy’s words.
-I can figure it out.
Sirone made a decision.
Menarche can tell if a clove is cheating. I just hoped it wouldn’t happen. You can pay as much as you like, but it was a mutual loss to waste time with useless emotional fights.
“Okay, then let’s go around together. Introduce what kind of items you have.”
As Clove took the lead, friends also flocked to Sirone.
The items handled were diverse, probably because many merchants from the mainland were included.
At first, it was a necessity. Things like food, clothing, pillows and blankets seem common, but they were important items to heretics living in purgatory.
Clove said, pointing to a white loaf of bread that looked like a pebble.
“This is a color that is a must for heretical travel. It’s food made with an elixir, so if you eat just one, you’ll be full all day long.”
Amy squatted down to examine.
There were several colors, but other than that, there was nothing special about it, so I couldn’t guess the taste.
It’s a good product if it can cover a day’s meals with one color, but it was a question to consider whether it was the number one purchase item.
“Hmm, it looks cute because it’s round. Would you like to try it?”
Amy threw the bait and Clove snapped. He could tell how sincere he was by the words that came out of his mouth.
“This is such a great thing. Even if you fall in a remote area, you can survive for a month with just this. I like to buy as many as I can while I can.”
Then Clove winked at the merchant.
Arin scratched his head in embarrassment. She was so blatantly menacing that she didn’t even have to analyze it.
Assuming that her friends knew about it, she left out miscellaneous explanations and only spoke of conclusions.
– Should we just do it ourselves? Do you think this kid has no intention of doing it right?
Amy also stuck out her tongue at his audacity.
– It seems so. But let’s take it for a moment. Who would have guessed that these pebbles were food? Anyway, I need someone to introduce me to. You’re not lying, are you?
-huh. I just want to earn an elixir. I guess I want to have it for a while. Seeing this makes me a little sad.
Canis winced.
– I guess so. Second, it’s magic. His ability to judge the situation and respond in an instant is too poor. Can a guy like that really hunt? So I’ll be more greedy.
The power of magic varies greatly depending on the level, but it cannot be a standard for determining superiority or inferiority in detail. This is because the effective magic is different depending on the environment and situation, and there are compatibility.
Even if the magical power of the whirlpool snake was overwhelming, it was the same reason as losing to Sirone.
To judge a wizard’s level, one must look at how quickly and accurately he makes magical judgments.
Of course, that part took longer than magic. This was also the reason why the anecdotes of mercenaries who were hired based only on their visible magic skills and then were annihilated due to the magician’s mistake were often handed down.
Canis, who traveled the continent to find Arcane’s will, had more such experiences than anyone else.
Considering how effective Sirone and Amy’s judgments were in the three battles that took place after arriving in Heaven, Clove was ashamed to even be called a wizard.
The next place Clove introduced was a stall selling medicines.
Sirone heard the apothecary and Kanya arguing a moment ago, but couldn’t understand because the mental channel was cut.
Clove introduced several medicines to the party.
There were colorful drugs in a small vial, and it was said that it was made using an elixir.
The red potion heals wounds and the blue potion clears the mind. Those two types were the most common.
The other colored drugs were also unique in their effects.
It is said that the pink potion amplifies the feelings of love, and the brown potion makes memories of a certain time permanent.
Sirone pointed to the white potion that Kanya had been looking for when arguing with the apothecary.
“What potion is this?”
Clove narrowed her eyes in surprise and picked up the vial.
“what? did you have this It’s pretty difficult to make.”
“Where are the drugs used?”
“This is a stimulant. Stimulant Epines. People who drink this can stay fine without sleeping for a week. It also works great for wizards. For example, if you are shaken by howling, you will be able to survive if you eat this.”
Sirone tried to organize Clove’s explanation in her own way. If the blue potion increases the power of magic, the white potion seems to have the effect of enhancing durability.
“It’s just the right thing for you. It’s expensive, but I’ll tell you and make it cheaper. How about buying this?”
Sirone had no intention of buying Epines. If you have enough mental strength to stay awake for a week, it’s sure to have an excellent effect, but bringing consumables to the original world was a waste.
If there is only one thing in the world, it becomes ambiguous to set the timing to use it. In purgatory, it would be something to drink every time there is an emergency, but it will rather act as a mind for the wizards of the other world.
I suddenly thought that drinking it the day before the practical test would kill the effect, but I gave up thinking that I could be expelled for taking a banned substance.
After the trivial analysis, the thought that came to my mind was Kanya.
speed.
What on earth is she going to do with this drug?
When Sirone came to his senses, the group had moved on to the next stall.
Tree vines, which grow tens of meters within 10 minutes after planting seeds, were said to be essential when traveling in rocky areas, and things like fire powder, which boiled water when sprinkled with water, were also strange.
Sirone, who had been listening to Clove’s explanation, looked back at Amy, who had been watching from a distance.
Curious to see her staring at something without even blinking, Sirone walked away.
Something was moving around in the colander that looked like a cage. It was a fireball.
Do you think fire is alive?
As Clove approached, Sirone pointed to the barricade and asked.
“What’s this?”
Clove, who was looking inside the cage, opened her eyes wide in surprise, as if the object was unfamiliar to her.
“wow! Are you a spirit? Mister, where did you get this? You had a windfall.”
“haha! To tell you a story, it’s long. I had a good dream after a long time and went hunting outside the community. Because the brimstone worm gives you a green elixir with a low chance. So I caught a few, but they were all red. Shit, I thought it was a dog dream and tried to go back, but I was caught by ‘fire pitchforks’. I thought of you as my wife and ran away. Then he tumbled down a rock wall and, oh my god, that was the spot of fire. The fire had been burning for a long time thanks to sulfur gas leaking from the floor. So I was going to drink the brown potion to remember, but the fire came to me in a splash. I just blew it out. I frantically took out the spirit prison and captured it. Anyway, that’s how it happened, hahaha!”
Clove was in no mood to laugh along. He was saddened by why such an opportunity did not come to him.
The sulfur earthworm was an outlandish species that could be commonly found not only in Muspel, the land of fire, but also everywhere in the lava region.
A 1-meter-sized earthworm that spews lava, but its sluggish behavior makes it easy to catch even cloves.
The only problem was the fire pitchfork, but it wasn’t enough to save his life from such a powerful alien species, and he even obtained a fire spirit, so he wondered if he was born with the law of heavenly luck.
Sirone looked back at Amy. She was looking at herself with eyes that didn’t know what to do.
Sirone fully understood what he wanted.
If the light spirit was trapped in the cage, he couldn’t know how he would change.
For the first time, Sirone seriously asked for value.
“Mister, how much is this?”
Transmitting meaning telepathically was new to merchants as well. But he responded calmly, only blinking his eyes.
One could think of merchants as such, but Sirone inferred a possibility from his reaction.
It was the fact that those who did not speak the language of the subjects might not be the only ones in this world.
—————————————

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-188.txt
=============YYYYY=============
[188] 5. Nor’s Shelter (3)
Sirone’s prediction was correct, and the merchant further pointed out that they had just entered purgatory.
“Hmm, you can bargain, but I don’t think you guys can buy it. Spirits are very hard to find even in Purgatory. I was about to take it back to the mainland, and I was only stopping by the shelter.”
I expected that the value would not be low, but when I refused to even bargain, I was scared.
Can it be purchased with 3 white elixirs? Amy’s disappointment would grow if she confidently attacked and then ran out of elixir.
Thinking that a criterion for judgment was necessary, Sirone stopped bargaining and asked a question.
“I heard that you can make contracts with spirits, but is it possible with this spirit?”
“contract? Ah, the contract. Of course it’s possible. But what do you do with a contract with a fire spirit?”
“If you make a contract with the fire spirit, you can use fire magic.”
“It is, but… … Normally, contracts don’t waste precious spirits. How much easier life becomes when the spirit enters the village. So, usually, they collect elixirs by village and prepare them. People from the outskirts of the community live in barren places and have plenty of elixirs, so they buy them on the premise of a contract. I don’t think you guys will live that way.”
“Um, is the contract possible anyway?”
When Sirone asked, the merchant nodded as if he couldn’t do it.
In fact, it was a common reaction in the mainland. The idiots who do not have the ability to pay the price voice their own voices, and among them, the operation team infiltrates and reduces the value of the goods.
If people from outside the community participate, the auction ends there, but those people didn’t even pay attention unless they were special spirits. It was normal for most of them to have blood-drying fights in the atmosphere of walking on thin ice.
Amy wiggled her fingers. She’s an expert at bargaining, but she couldn’t say anything right now.
In a world where gold coins were used, he would have bought it with his savings. However, this place was a purgatory where only things directly related to life had value.
I didn’t want to embarrass Sirone by showing possessiveness in such a situation.
Sirone already knew. For a wizard, improving magic power is what life is all about, so he wanted to save it if possible.
Sensing that the time for a decision had come, Sirone asked again.
“Then how much elixir do I need to buy a spirit?”
The merchant laughed as if it were ridiculous. However, she thought with a serious expression on Shirone’s figure, staring intently and waiting for an answer.
“Hmm, if you buy it here, at least… … .”
Sirone’s heart thumped. I wish I could buy it with the elixir I have now, no matter what the price.
As expected, the price was quite high, and the merchant was also cautious. He paused and continued talking.
“White Elixir… … .”
Sirone and Amy’s eyes showed disappointment. Given that the unit of elixir was white, the odds were quite low.
After thinking about it, the merchant raised his head and offered a price.
“I’ll have to get one.”
“yes? 1 outline?”
Sirone doubted his hearing, which had never betrayed him.
If it is one, you can purchase it.
Realizing the same thing, Amy knelt in nervousness as if someone might snatch it away.
Sirone checked things out. At first, he thought it would be nice if he had the ability to pay, but it is a wizard to let go of past thoughts without any regrets.
But the moment I looked back at Amy, I smiled. Biting her lower lip, she spoke in an inaudible voice.
“Want.”
Amy, the only daughter of the Karmis family, grew up rich enough to not know what materialism was. But when it came to magic, she was also just a sorceress.
The merchant understood Amy’s desire to have it with resignation. Since the white elixir is something that even merchants on the mainland cannot easily touch, it was only natural for them to despair after entering Purgatory.
He remembered his daughter’s face and soothed Amy.
“White Elixir is difficult to obtain. In fact, this is also cut a lot. When you go to the mainland, a lot of tiring things happen. it’s dangerous too It’s a conclusion based on the assumption that you can sell it at Nord’s Shelter and return home. Since you guys are serious, I calculated it correctly too. Don’t be too heartbroken. One day, if you’re lucky, you might be able to save the fire spirit.”
“I will live.”
“huh?”
“I live, I am.”
As Sirone rummaged through his inner pockets, the merchant blinked like an idiot. He was clearly trying to make fun of himself, but he wasn’t sure whether to get angry or laugh and move on.
However, when he saw three elixirs rolling around in Sirone’s hand, he fell off the chair in fright.
Even looking at the iridescent spectrum, it was clear that it was a white elixir.
“Here you go. Can I take it now?”
The merchant said nothing and nodded. Sirone put the white elixir in her hand.
At the same time, Amy brought the elemental prison into her arms.
I felt warm warmth.
warmth of fire.
This was Amy’s life.
“Hey, are you okay? Aren’t you hot?”
After confirming that the elixir was real, the merchant came to his senses and asked.
Fire spirits are different from inanimate objects in that they are active, but they were fire anyway until they made a contract. It was normal to get burned if you grabbed the heated iron bars.
“huh? no. Is it just warm enough?”
“Strange. Can I take a look again? It’s something I’m selling, but I’m stung by my conscience. It could be a defective product.”
“No, it’s fine. This is really a fire spirit.”
Amy looked lovingly at the fire elemental bouncing in the air. And he spoke to Sirone using the mental channel.
-Sirone, it’s the Spirit Zone.
-Spirit Zone?
-huh. this is awesome It’s real fire, but it’s also connected to the spirit. I am still getting the feeling.
Wizards do not get burned by the fire they create. Real fire, but because the creator is a wizard.
According to Amy, I wondered if the spirits were also beings with fixed spirit zones. It has become a kind of spiritual sublimation.
“By the way, how did you guys get the white elixir?”
“It’s from a whirlpool snake.”
“A whirlpool snake? Could it be that you broke the Law of the Valley?”
“Somehow it happened that way.”
It is not unusual for a wizard powerful enough to defeat the Whirlwind Serpent to have a White Elixir.
Although not common, this kind also certainly existed in purgatory. Merchants refer to such people as marginals or people outside the community.
“By the way, what about the contract?”
“Ah, I don’t know, but I’ve seen borderline people do it. If you hold the spirit in your hand and mumble something, it will disappear by itself.”
Jung doesn’t have reason, so it didn’t seem like it was activated with a keyword. Then, all that was left was the spirit of the word magic.
exhale and repeat Resonating with fire was important.
Amy opened the bars with the prison key the merchant gave her. Then, holding her spirit with her hands, she recited her improvised decree.
“Fire spirit, dwell within me.”
As the fire spirit permeated Amy, she felt a warm energy in her stomach.
The contract with the spirit was similar to realizing a new battery. Apart from Ignite, which is a battery of ignition, it is now possible to battery a new fire.
As Amy summoned the spirit, a ball of fire rose and circled around. As she watched happily, she remembered the name of a false flame that was said to have existed in ancient times.
Jack O’Lantern.
This phenomenon, also called demon fire, disappeared into a page of mythology without being verified despite the hypotheses of numerous scholars.
But no more. The Jack O’Lantern existed as an ancient magic in the kingdom of heaven.
The fire elemental was strategically useful.
First of all, it was nice that it could be activated regardless of Ignite, and it could move in the desired orbit, as well as being divided into several parts like an illusion.
Strategies that can be used such as induction function, deception, and multiple fires have come to mind.
Amy realized Sirone’s gaze and extinguished the spirit.
I should have said thank you, but it didn’t come out well. Because it just seemed like it would be awkward.
It was different from receiving an expensive item as a gift. Perhaps what she received was Sirone’s heart.
Sirone smiled. Then he turned and walked away, as if he knew she wouldn’t say anything.
Only then did Amy start to regret it. Why didn’t she say anything? Does that mean she knows her own mind? Or did she have no special meaning in the gift from the beginning?
Sirone has an unpretentious personality, but sometimes, like this, she doesn’t know what she’s thinking.
Sirone looked around the items carefully.
What I realized while watching Amy sign a contract with the fire spirit is that the idea of finding something to take back to the original world was complacent.
Heaven was a dangerous place to cross life and death, and if you reinforce something, you should immediately find a sense of power. If there was such a thing, buying it, no matter how valuable it was, was the way to increase the survival rate.
Since Nord’s Shelter is a place where the cults belonging to the community usually stay, it mainly sells daily necessities.
Of course, it wasn’t that there were no merchants with special items. It is so expensive that it is not even on the market.
Upon learning that Sirone was carrying the White Elixir, a man secretly placed the item on the stall.
Tess ran over and pointed to the item the merchant had raised.
“oh! Isn’t this by any chance?”
A mechanism in the form of a beetle.
It was a drone made with Mecha technology.
Clove ran over and explained. Realizing that Sirone is a big hand, he became more active.
In addition to the already known reconnaissance function and language decoding function, it said that it has functions such as radio communication and map display.
“how is it? Wouldn’t you like to trade with the White Elixir? As you all know, drones are not something you can buy with an elixir. It’s equipment only for subjects.”
Sirone was also positive about this stuff. The drone’s reconnaissance ability was something I had experienced through Kanya. If Tess can use it, it would be a great accessory.
At that time, Arin said that he might be able to shave a little. She said that the merchant’s menarche caught the emotions that he called expensively.
However, I was rather surprised that the price was cheap.
If the fire spirit is a product, the drone is a limited product. If a subject’s belongings were leaked, wouldn’t it be worth it to call?
– Arin, is there something wrong? Unless… … .
-I think so too, but I don’t know. In any case, it’s true that it cost a lot compared to the price. figure out the rest
Tess hadn’t taken her eyes off the drone. She was a stickler for ancient artifacts, so it was clear that if you bought her with or without flaws, she would get it.
Sirone asked instead of her.
“How did you get it? I know it’s something that’s only given personally to the Meccans.”
“Of course it is. But even the Meccans have heresy. He must have stolen it before fleeing to Purgatory. Even if you sell just one, it won’t be difficult to make a living. See here for proof. Isn’t there a strip connected between the rims of the drone? This is proof that it has never been used. That is, straight from the factory. Perhaps the original owner was someone who worked in a Mecca technical facility.”
“Where is he?”
“I don’t know. He could have run away, or he could have died. probably dead It’s almost like that when things from heaven come to market. If you die in purgatory while taking items from heaven to earn elixirs, only the items will remain.”
—————————————

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-189.txt
=============YYYYY=============
Please enable JavaScript
[189] 5. Nor’s Shelter (4)
Indeed, such a situation was possible. It is not an item that cannot be purchased just because it is a subject matter.
Nevertheless, the merit of the limited edition was still maintained.
First of all, the merchant knows that the customer’s payment limit is two white elixirs. The fact that the price he was greedy for was a single elixir was actually much cheaper than that.
“Can anyone use it?”
“Once it is installed, anyone can use it. Hunting weapons such as Cigna, Xd, and Ark are common, but drones are personal encryption devices. Even if you steal someone else’s, you can’t use it. But it’s brand new, nobody’s owner has found it yet. So you can sell it.”
I don’t know. If it’s new, there can be no flaws.
Is it a simple mistake that comes from not understanding this world? Or was it that the fire spirit was such a difficult thing to acquire?
Sirone, unable to decide, asked Tess.
“Tess, do you want this?”
“huh! Sirone, I really want it. buy this Other things are cheap anyway, so you can get them anytime later.”
Sirone laughed and threw it away. Even when she asked for something, her cool personality was definitely different from Amy’s.
Anyway, it’s good to use Elixir for everyone. If so, I would have to buy a scam, but I couldn’t bargain because I didn’t know what flaws there were.
If I asked him openly, he would definitely be swayed by the merchant, and Clove wouldn’t be of any help.
“Why are you not selling it! You brought it exactly as I said!”
While Sirone was troubled, she heard Kanya’s voice.
Everyone turned to him. Unlike Kanya, the merchant had a relaxed smile.
“Hey, lady. Where is the scout in Purgatory? An auction, an auction. The price has gone up, but the lady can’t lower the price at will.”
“It must have been a month ago! Epiness says that one green elixir is enough! They give you up to 30 red elixirs, but why aren’t they selling them!”
epines.
Sirone remembered the white potion the apothecary recommended.
However, Kanya’s reaction was intense to say that it was simply a stimulant. What’s not to do in heaven?
“It was like that a month ago. But now the price has gone up.”
“no! I never said anything like that two months ago or even three months ago! This is profiteering!”
“My lady, the price of an auction is set by the desire of the buyer. Isn’t it basic that the more you want it, the higher the price? Aren’t Ilhwa’s sake not going to last for a few days?”
“All, you… … .”
Kanya’s face went pale. Even though he is a merchant, how can he say such a thing?
Even the crappy Clove frowned this time.
The merchant’s expression did not change even when he bought it. Because from the start, I had no intention of selling things to subjects.
“Saving Epines today would mean that my family will die within a few days. So, the lady must buy this one. So what’s the problem with paying a high price?”
“you! I won’t let you go!”
When Kanya took out the arc, Lena stopped screaming.
Violence is forbidden in Nord’s Shelter. Violence doesn’t end with being kicked out.
Maintaining a community was a reasonable majority promise. The moment the rules are broken, the community collapses.
“sister! Please be patient! If you fight here, you will die!”
Lena pulled her sister by the waist. Even while Kanya was being dragged away, she didn’t stop rant.
The merchant turned his attention to the customer and made eye contact with the medicinal material merchant across the street.
An unspoken promise never to sell Epines.
It was an oligopoly.
When Kanya came to rescue Epines three months ago, the merchant charged a price she could not pay.
In reality, it could be exchanged for about 40 Red Elixir, but it required a Green Elixir.
Elixir is different from currency. Arbitrary exchange is possible, but if the other party insists on using the green elixir, no matter how many red elixirs they collect, they cannot purchase the item.
In the end, Kanya had to buy the Green Elixir higher than its actual value. Then he came back to buy, but the merchant said he would not sell even at that price.
“Why are you so excited? What is the sake of anecdotes?”
“It is the art of regenerating life.”
Gadlock’s voice was heard. He was just about to come out of a sigh of sleep because his seat was noisy.
He could guess the situation just by looking at Kanya’s murderous expression. It was the first time I met him as a guide, but I had heard rumors floating around among the merchants.
“As you know, subjects have a fixed lifespan. When your lifespan ends, you will be reborn through the sake of anecdotes. They said that the girl’s mother was the target.”
“What kind of liquor is it exactly?”
Gadlock squinted one eye.
“I want to talk less about that. As you can see, it’s a sensitive issue. The subjects say Ilhwa’s sake is a blessing. On the other hand, most of the heretics are those who escaped heaven because they felt repulsed by the alcohol of anecdote. So does the merchant over there. It’s because of her elixir that she’s not bothering her.”
“But Kanya’s mother said she was going to end her life. So what role do stimulants play? Can you live by drinking it?”
“no. There is no case where the law is broken. To put it in heretical terms, Kanya’s mother will die sooner or later. Even so, she wants to buy Epines… … .”
Gardlock groaned.
There was a time when he was also a citizen. On the one hand, he felt sympathy because he knew what Kanya wanted to do for her by giving her life.
“Nothing. It’s just a ray of light given in despair. It is like administering an anesthetic to a dying person.”
Sirone was heartbroken. He thought that although he did not know how different the mindsets of subjects and heretics were, the sincerity of trying to alleviate the pain of parents would work everywhere.
But the law made a distinction even between them.
Kanya went into bargaining again. It was plain to her eyes that she was holding back her temper to buy epines.
There were two stalls selling epines, and maybe Kanya wouldn’t have another chance if it wasn’t today.
Sirone looked at the apothecary on the other side. His conscience pricked him, and he kept his head down.
Wouldn’t everything be fine if he bought the epines and gave it to Kanya?
As if he had read Sirone’s thoughts, he quietly put away Epines. The contract is absolute for the Norse, so I prevented the incident from escalating by causing a fuss.
Kanya offered a last resort.
“great! Then I’ll do it externally. I will do anything to get the elixir, so please give me the epines.”
“What can I get you?”
“anything! He said he would save me even if I had to hunt for the rest of my life!”
“So you ask. What are you going to get me?”
The merchant did not hide his emotions anymore.
He hated his subjects terribly. And heaven was hateful. No matter how good medicine he takes, he can’t erase the memory of living in heaven. The law of Ra was just as strong.
“Even if he said he would give it all, he said he didn’t like it. How the hell are you going to sell that drug?”
“okay? Then, even if you don’t like it, say that you live. Hmm, what should I do… … .”
The merchant, who had been pretending to be thinking, turned to Sirone and said.
“Will that boy’s entire elixir be sufficient?”
Sirone realized, that the merchant’s strategy had been hastily modified.
He must have been looking at the calculator since Kanya brought Sirone.
If you are a merchant, it is natural. But it was exhausting.
I got greedy after seeing the White Elixir, but none of the items I own are expensive. So she hooked up with Kanya.
It was a good strategy, if only emotions were excluded.
I heard that the Norse is good at business. He was certainly an excellent merchant. But he was never a good merchant.
Kanya was speechless and speechless. As her position was cleared, she only thought that she was being played by an impostor.
“I get it now. You never intended to sell in the first place. For three months I had fun, hoping I would die in purgatory! What did I do so wrong to you?”
Sirone felt sorry for her. Emotional responses, like Kanya’s, don’t work for wizards. This is because they are adept at using the opponent’s psychology to turn the situation to their advantage.
If you want to piss off a wizard, you have to do it the same way.
“You make me a bad guy. The more this happens, the more difficult it is for the lady. You didn’t say anything impossible, did you? It’s much easier to get that boy’s elixir than to hunt for a lifetime. is not it?”
“That’s stealing! It’s a robbery! Besides, you can’t even fight here! How am I supposed to get an elixir from someone who has nothing to do with me?”
“Aren’t there many things? The lady is a woman and that boy is a man, so it’s up to you to find a way.”
Kanya’s lips trembled. He wanted to shoot the merchant in the face with an arc. But the fact that she had no more chances calmed her down.
How will Sirone react if you ask for an elixir? The Elixir, which is like life to Heresy.
Still maybe… … I thought I might be able to help. This is because even though Lena is immature, she sees people well.
-I don’t like Sirone oppa because he’s handsome, I like him because he’s kind.
I laughed at him at the time, but he was definitely different from the usual heretic. Maybe he won’t hand over the elixir? That expensive white elixir? perhaps. perhaps!
everything was home Even so, the reality of having no choice but to rely on the family was miserable.
I would do anything for my mother. She couldn’t just leave her mother, who lived only half of an ordinary subject.
Leaving behind the merchant’s fishy laugh, Kanya headed for Sirone. She already knew the situation through the conversation, and Shirone’s expression was calm.
Kanya was creepy. what is she thinking? She wouldn’t be a good idea. She’ll ask why she’s walking What’s the relationship between you and me
I will apologize nonetheless. I am prepared to give up everything.
Kanya, who approached Sirone, spoke with a miserable heart.
“excuse me… … .”
“ruler.”
Sirone held out his hand. A white elixir was placed.
Kanya groaned. The rising emotion resembled anger, but it didn’t hurt in the slightest.
Why is this man doing this? Shouldn’t he at least be given a chance to kneel? Wasn’t the purpose of good deeds to buy emotions with money? What does this kind of mercy mean?
Kanya thought she should listen. But it was questionable whether the words would come out right.
“why… … .”
“Go ahead and buy Epines. It is precious to you.”
“but… … .”
It’s not valuable to you.
I wanted to spit it out, but my throat was locked and no sound came out.
This boy was different. It is different from humans and different from other species. even… … It was also different from La.
The moment the blasphemous thought came to Kanya, it was a thrilling experience. Maybe this was the beginning of the fall, I thought.
“thank you.”
Kanya, barely able to utter a single word, went back to the merchant.
As expected, purgatory seems to be a different place from heaven. Strange emotions that I have never felt in my life crossed.
She walked wearily to the merchant and handed over the elixir.
“Now, give me the epines.”
“no. You can’t sell it with this.”
“why… … And why?”
Kanya didn’t even have the strength to scream. Her determination to hold back her tears was her only support that kept her standing on her own two legs.
“I said all the elixirs that boy has. And according to my calculations, I think there will still be one more elixir?”
“no. I have no elixir left.”
—————————————

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-19.txt
=============YYYYY=============
Please enable JavaScript
[Translator – Anwen]
Chapter 19
‘H-How could…’
Shirone, frozen in shock, turned his head away as Amy walked towards him with her friend.
‘Please, just pass by! Just go!’
Shirone hoped earnestly that they’d just ignore him for, in his eyes, nothing good could come out of them meeting. Thankfully, the two girls gave him no attention and were about to walk past… Or so he thought. Due to being in the moment, Shirone had totally forgotten that he was pretty attractive. And due to this, he did not notice that he had already caught the attention of one of the girls.
“Amy, Amy! Did you see the boy we just passed by? Is he new? He seems a bit too old to be a new student… Maybe he’s a transfer student? Oh my god, he’s totally my style.”
Amy couldn’t answer back even though she was listening to her chatty friend. It was because, like Shirone, she felt something weird.
“Strange… He looks familiar. Where have I seen him before?”
“Wait, are you interested in him? You, who never bothered to look at a guy before?”
“No. I really have seen him somewhere before.”
“Enough with the lies. Be honest, you have a crush on him, right? Right???”
“Seriously, I’m telling you, it’s not that.”
Amy sped up her pace to escape the persistent rambling. And when her friend started to catch up to her, she started running.
“Hurry up and spill it! I won’t drop this until you tell me the truth!”
“No! I said it’s nothing like that!”
Boys who saw Amy running away from her friend watched in envy.
Although she was the most popular girl in school, she rejected the love calls of every junior and senior to confess to her.
The only one who knew she was once a vicious girl who dominated the back alley was Shirone.
The Magic Academy’s 3rd Test Site.
The spacious hall had a mirror-like smooth floor.
Letters were engraved on the floor, but it was too difficult to understand.
Five teachers were seated side by side behind a table on the north side of the hall.
Upon his arrival, Shirone saw six students taking the test, and all of them were young kids.
“I see it’s still not over yet. That’s good. Watch carefully what those children do.”
Considering he looked a bit old for a newly enrolled student, he paid no mind to the stares he received.
Alpheas explained the letters on the floor.
“If you enter the Spirit Zone, these letters will look and feel different. And depending what you feel through them, we will analyze the size, strength, flexibility, and propensity of your Spirit Zone. You just have to answer the instructors honestly.”
Shirone, who got the gist of it, watched the test from a distance.
“Okay, Camie. Can you use magic?”
“I can levitate objects into the air.”
The examiners did not check each individual claim to see if they were true. It was because they knew that if the students were to uselessly bluff their way through the academy where they came to learn, they would ultimately be the ones at the losing end.
“I see. Then shall we go right to the Spirit Zone?”
“Yes.”
When the child named Camie entered the Spirit Zone, a young instructor sitting at the far right asked. With slicked-back blond hair, he was a handsome man who made a sharp impression.
“What is the farthest number you can see?”
“Six.”
“Oh? A six…”
The man wrote down the number on a paper approvingly.
It meant that his Spirit Zone reached a sphere of six meters in diameter.
To have that degree of skill as a newly enrolled student, he was on the level to join Class 9 at minimum.
The next question was asked by an elderly instructor sitting next to him.
With a buzz cut and a forehead full of fine wrinkles, he habitually raised his eyebrows which made him look like an owl.
“What is the most clear color you can feel?”
“Mmm… I feel like I’ve entered a red world.”
“Red. A divergent type. That explains why your Spirit Zone is large for your age.”
The instructors nodded in agreement.
The third and fourth instructors also asked questions they were specially in charge of.
One instructor asked whether the large tower stood on the left or the right. This was done in order to find out which side of the brain they typically used. Another instructor then asked how many balls were shaking. This was to check the density of the students’ Spirit Zone.
“What is the temperature you feel right now? Is it on the cold side or the warm side?”
The last instructor to ask was a young woman.
Her eyebrows were thin with sharp eyes that gave her a cold appearance. But she was certainly beautiful nonetheless.
“I think it’s a little hot. It’s to the point I’m sweating.”
If one was to feel hot, it meant that their Spirit Zone was variable. If someone’s application skills increase, their durability would decrease, so having a high application level was not necessarily good or bad.
“Okay, good job, Camie.”
The remaining students were also tested one after the other.
Teachers were satisfied that the average standard was quite high this year, and even Alpheas was impressed when a child announced the number 12.
It was finally Shirone’s turn.
Alpheas gently placed his hand on Shirone’s back and pushed, taking him to the instructors.
[Translator – Anwen]
Join our discord for updates on releases!
“Now, don’t feel pressured and show off your skills.”
“Yes, I’ll try.”
Shirone was not pressured. Since he started out at zero anyways, he wanted to start his study from the basics in order to ensure the best learning experience.
The examiners observed Shirone carefully.
He was the special admission student whom Alpheas had already notified them about.
In his resume, there was a unique status that said he was a guest of the Ogent family, and under the special notes, it stated that he had a high possibility of development.
Time to time, there were kids like Shirone. Children who only realized their talents later on.
However this magic academy was called the birthplace of geniuses.
No matter how much of a genius they were outside of the academy, there were many who realized that they were below average when compared to the real geniuses in the academy.
Perhaps that was why the instructors did not have big expectation.
The blond man sitting on the right asked a question with an unenthusiastic voice.
Fire mage Thadd. He was known to only sweeten his voice in the presence of women.
“Shirone Arian. You are 17 years old, correct? Can you use magic?”
“No. I haven’t learned any magic yet.”
“I see. Well… A person should be able to do a few things, even without formal teaching.”
There was a hint of sarcasm in Thadd’s tone, but he wasn’t totally wrong.
The Spirit Zone was what allowed knowledge in one’s brain to be released into reality.
Come and read on our website wuxia worldsite. Thanks
On the other hand, it was something impossible for Shirone to cast any magic since he had no opportunity to receive formal teaching.
That’s why he put aside all other things and was so hung on obtaining a Core of Knowledge. Hence why he knew nothing in terms of how to apply and cast magic.
“Okay, let’s take a look first. Stand in the circle over there and activate your Spirit Zone. Ah, you can do it, yes?”
If he was a special admission student who couldn’t even do that, they would have questioned the morality of the headmaster.
Thankfully, that did not happen because Shirone nodded while heading over to the circle.
“Then… I’ll try.”
When Shirone closed his eyes and focused his mind, his synesthesia unfolded.
‘Wow!’
Once he entered the Spirit Zone, Shirone was overwhelmed by the countless pieces of information.
Most of the knowledge from reality was blocked, and he felt as if he had fallen into a whole new dimension.
‘This was what it was like.’
When he felt the world through synesthesia, the letters engraved on the floor appeared three-dimensionally.
Thadd asked.
“What is the farthest number you can see?”
Amongst the countless numbers orbiting around, Shirone took note of the farthest one.
His eyesight was not important because, through synesthesia, he saw things without needing to see them with his eyes.
However Shirone could not answer.
“Shirone, what is the farthest number you can see?”
Even as Thadd kept urging him, Shirone made no move to open his mouth. That led the instructors to think that Shirone was embarrassed over whatever number he saw.
It was natural to be intimidated after watching kids younger than him show off their talents.
Alpheas spoke softly.
“Shirone, you can be honest. We are not trying to rank or judge you. We’re only trying to figure out the right education level for you.”
Shirone spoke with a small, doubtful voice.
“Um… I do see a number, but it’s impossible to read it because it’s so long.”
Thadd asked again.
“You can’t read it? Are you saying you can’t see it?”
“No. I do see it, but it’s too long. And even at this very moment it’s still getting longer.”
Thadd was getting annoyed.
The magic characters that calculated the size of the Spirit Zone could only output integers. He thought that Shirone was stalling because he was ashamed of his lack of skill.
“Then just tell me the first few numbers in front of you.”
“Mmm, 3.14.”
“Eh?”
The eyes of all the instructors popped wide open.
The number Shirone was seeing was the circumference/pi. Since it was an irrational number that was not divisible by an integer, it went on indefinitely.
The woman sitting on the far left shot back, raising her glasses.
“Shirone, I’m sorry, but there is no such thing as 3.14 in the numbers we designated. Are you sure?”
Siena specialized in freezing magic, and like her magic, she had a cold temperament which did not go along with Thadd’s. Due to this, they were always at each other’s throat.
Shirone frowned, bothered.
“Mm, is that so? But that’s what I’m seeing.”
‘It’s true…’
Siena had lied.
Of course, it was true that pi was not engraved along with the other magic characters… But there was one… Just one situation in which pi could appear.
It was when the area of the spirit zone exceeded the range that could be measured.
This meant that the Spirit Zone, which Shirone extended, had a diameter of at least 30 meters.
The accuracy and precision measurement for the 3rd Test Site, which evaluated freshmen, was set to be quite low.
This was because if the instructors were to push the young children, who had yet to mature, too hard by starting off too extreme or intense, the experience could traumatize them for life.
Due to that reason, the diameter range of the Spirit Zone was also limited to 30 meters.
However, no matter how late they entered the academy, there were a few who did exceed this limit. Though it was so minimal that one could count with only the fingers of one hand.
If a person’s Spirit Zone were to exceed over 30 meters in diameter, that person would typically be assigned under Class 5 at minimum. And if comparing the level of Spirit Zone alone, it could go neck to neck with an uncertified Grade 10 mage’s Spirit Zone.
The old man sitting next to Thadd asked the next question.
“Then what color do you feel most clearly?”
“Blue. Everything is shaded blue.”
The old man’s lips stuck out, and a commotion began among the instructors.
‘If he’s blue, that means he’s a convergent type… A type that has an advantage in the durability of the zone rather than the size of the zone.’
‘Over 30 meters in diameter… And he only sees blue… His development must have been amazing.’
Alpheas, too, was surprised. He finally understood why Klumph had been boasting nonstop about Shirone.
However, as a headmaster who had encountered numerous, varying students, he became rather critical.
If Shirone just had an adequate amount of talent, then there would have been space for his compliments… But Shirone went beyond that level.
And above all, since Shirone had yet to step foot into the world of magic, he definitely hadn’t yet tapped into even half of his full potential and talent.
‘This is a bit dangerous.’
Too much praise could ruin a talent.
With Alpheas too engrossed in his thoughts to say anything, Shirone continued to diligently answer the questions.
‘The development of his brain is bi-hemespheric… ‘
This meant that Shirone used both sides of his brain at the same time.
This was also unique, but the real surprise had yet to come.
“How many balls are floating around?”
Since synesthesia was applied, he could sense the number of balls all at once. He did not have to count each ball one by one.
After a while, Shirone opened his mouth.
“867.”
“867…”
The instructor who had asked the question lost all emotion and went blank. And Siena, who had been watching with a collected attitude, had to pull in her chair for the first time to fix her usually flawless posture.
The ball-counting segment measured the density of one’s Spirit Zone. This was done in order to measure how evenly spread the caster’s mental strength was.
Being able to sense 867 balls meant that Shirone’s mental strength covered 86.7% of his Spirit Zone.
‘A kid who only recently turned 17?’
Having such an evenly spread mental strength meant that his mind was extremely stable, so his probability of succeeding in the field of magic was high.
PR/N: Density = How well spread one’s mental strength is.
Join our discord for updates on releases!
Chapter end

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-190.txt
=============YYYYY=============
Please enable JavaScript
[190] 5. Norr’s Shelter (5)
Sirone threw the elixir at the merchant with the drone.
The merchant’s body trembled as he received it with both hands. He was so thrilled that he couldn’t even hold it properly.
It was not red, green, or yellow, but a white elixir.
Sirone flipped her palms and said.
“How are you done with this? Now give the thing to Kanya.”
“It is difficult to behave like this. That elixir must also be mine to trade.”
“Then take it from this person.”
The merchant’s eyes twitched. He realized that Sirone’s behavior was not a mere provocation.
As if to prove it, Sirone asked as she turned to the merchant who was fiddling with the elixir.
“I mean, what are you going to do? Can you back off?”
“Oh no! The deal can never be canceled!”
The merchant was frightened and waved his hand.
Of course, Mecca’s drones are highly valued. Only if the item is in usable condition.
The drone he sold was actually an item that was sorted out in the Yellow Elixir line. He handed it over to the White Elixir, so he was Suzy who would never have it again in his life.
“Now, what are you going to do? Are you going to get along with each other and even fight? I guess that’s his specialty.”
The pharmacist’s face hardened.
It’s definitely embarrassing in this case. Bargaining with customers can be shameless, but conflicts between vendors have nothing to gain. It was even more so among the lower-level community merchants who mainly deal with daily necessities.
Only then did the apothecary look closely at Sirone.
Seeing that they were pressuring me like this, it was clear that they were Norse. It is also not easy being a Norse.
Will you take one and pass it on? Exchanging epines for white elixir is a business that will go down in history.
But it was a matter of mood. He did not want to accept the fact that the will of his subjects was done.
“Okay, I’m not selling. So be content with a toy or something. I know that? You have ruthlessly trampled on this lady’s hopes.”
The merchant abandoned Pato. He gave up the money and chose the pleasure of victory.
As a merchant, it was a bargain, but as long as he could see his subjects crying, it didn’t matter.
Sirone realized he had lost the game.
“No, you have to sell drugs. Otherwise, it would be a breach of contract.”
“what? What contract am I breaking?”
“You said I will sell you medicine if you bring me all the elixirs I have. Kanya did just that. But suddenly canceling the deal is a breach of contract. You know what happens when a merchant loses his trust?”
It’s not as far as I know, it’s the end. At least it was true that there was no place to stand in the community.
But there was no sense of remorse. It was because it was Sirone who was forcing it.
“Speak straight. When I offered you the contract, you had 2 elixirs. And since I bought the drone right after the contract was signed, I was not in breach.”
“How do you know that, when did I buy the drone?”
The apothecary’s eyes shook in shock. He lost his temper, but his long business experience helped him.
The disadvantaged side was himself.
“I was already contracted to buy a drone. It’s just that he didn’t give out the elixir. To say you’re a merchant and trade without checking that much, you’re still a long way off. If you have any doubts, you can check it out.”
The apothecary honed his teeth. Things were going by the touch.
The merchant who sold the drone will take Sirone’s side under any circumstances. This is because if you prove that you signed a contract with Sirone, the ownership of the White Elixir will pass.
It was uncommon in the mainland. Since he himself took advantage of the oligopoly, he was not in a position to criticize others.
‘Why am I at a disadvantage? Shouldn’t it be the other way around?’
The yakjaesang, who was trying to recover, realized. Sirone knew that the value of drones was lower than expected.
I don’t know how I investigated, but if that doesn’t work, the current situation doesn’t exist.
The reason why merchants are on Sirone’s side is because they’ve made profits many times over.
Exclamation burst out. It penetrates the human nature of dealing with matter. It was a skill that could be eaten even among the mainland traders.
“How are you, uncle? We signed the contract first, right?”
“Of course we go first. Even before that wife started screaming, the verbal contract to hand over the drone in exchange for the white elixir was over.”
I didn’t even ask for it, but Sirone directly confirmed it.
Now I can’t seem to get rid of it. If the contract is signed with another merchant, it is the merchant’s responsibility for not checking the limit of the customer.
Should I leave like this? One white elixir was also a huge harvest, but it was a matter of pride.
He pulled out the lowest card a merchant could do.
It was a stomach slit.
“My mother was a subject of Heaven. But she didn’t take Anecdote’s drink. Do you know why?”
When no one answered, the apothecary tapped his head and continued.
“You went crazy. His father was killed in heaven. To some madman who had a crush on his mother. But do you know what the punishment was? It’s a 40-year lifespan cut. Even so, he had 40 years left to live. My father is dead. Mother cursed that human all her life, gigg. But, it was absurd that Ilhwa’s drinking date was set. With the madman who killed my father.”
Kanya’s eyes twitched.
Sirone didn’t know what that meant, but everyone except the party couldn’t help but be shocked.
“So my mother took her own life. Since the number of targets for the spell decreased, I had to pay for her remaining guilt. So she ran away from the law. Do you understand now? i hate shinmin Just looking at it makes me vomit! But do you think I will sell you drugs?”
In a word, the lid was opened, so let’s die together.
Sirone responded with a snort.
People who really decide to kill themselves don’t explain why. It’s because in a situation where you die and I die, the process doesn’t matter.
All he wanted was an emotional victory, and Sirone had no intention of giving it his way.
“So are you going to sell drugs or not?”
“I don’t sell. I won’t even vomit the elixir. I’ve decided, so do as you please.”
“Then I have no choice but to take it by force.”
“Anyway. but are you okay? If you use violence, you can’t live in the community. You have to wander all your life.”
Sirone held out his hand. As the photons were compressed, the white sphere vibrated.
The drug dealer was frightened. Magic like this was impossible. The only possible ones were people from outside the community who signed a contract with the Light Spirit.
“you… … Are you a borderline?”
“The whirlpool snake was quite strong. Thanks to that, I got three white elixirs.”
Sirone did not show emotion.
And the apothecary knew that wizards become most cruel and heartless when they castrate their emotions.
“What kind of elixir is in your body?”
Everyone knew that the survival of the apothecary would depend on the answer.
The drug dealer had been in conflict for a long time. It was the point of reaching the end of the curtain. Realizing that he couldn’t win in the end, he raised his hand with a bitter smile.
“doesn’t exist. There is no elixir in my body. So save me.”
Sirone fired a photon cannon. A flash of light passed the tip of the apothecary’s nose and crashed into the pillar of the ruins.
A roar erupted, and the column burst.
The drug dealer looked back at Sirone with the smile on his face gone.
“Do not laugh. You may be bluffing, but I’m serious. It doesn’t matter if it’s the law or the community. If you show meanness one more time, then I will not forgive you.”
“OK got it. Got it. calm down.”
The drug dealer realized the seriousness of the situation.
Sirone showed maximum hostility in a non-violent line. As a swordsman, he drew his sword, and as a beast, he exposed his fangs.
Realizing that there was no further concession than this, the apothecary threw the epines at Canya.
“Okay, okay? The contract is over.”
“One more thing left. I apologize to Kanya.”
“Why should I? You don’t have the right to interfere with my personal feelings, do you?”
“But you also have a painful past, don’t you?”
“What does that have to do with an apology?”
“It’s not like you have to apologize. Because words without sincerity are worthless. But don’t you want someone to know too? The wounds of the past.”
Really? I am… … still couldn’t get out?
The apothecary looked back at Kanya’s face, which was making a pitiful expression. He said that the person waiting for Ilhwa’s drink was his mother.
At the time, his mother was insane. Day after day she screamed and harmed herself. The fear she felt had grown even more frightening to him as a child.
“Sheesh, who knows how to apologize?”
The drug dealer snorted and cleaned the stalls. He put the medicine bottle in his bag, rolled up a blanket, and put it on top of his backpack. He got up and threw the purple potion at Kanya.
“It’s called Korfin. It’s a nervous system strengthening potion. Since you got your portion right, I’ll give it to you as a service. If you use it with Epines, it should work. Even so, it would be futile.”
The apothecary, who was walking towards the tent village, turned to Sirone and said.
“And kid, everything I said was made up. It’s great that you defeated me, but if you don’t notice that much, you’ll be beaten badly on the mainland.”
Arin delivered the words through the mental channel.
-Sirone, can you confirm that it is false?
-no it’s okay.
Sirone stared at the back of the apothecary who was lonely walking away.
Nord’s Shelter.
A place where the wanderers of Purgatory rest.
I thought that maybe what they put down here for a while might not be a tired body, but a wound in their heart.
The splendid shopping has come to an end.
Sirone soothed Kanya, who couldn’t stop crying. Beside him, Lena puffed out her cheeks and watched.
Amy and the others started the meeting without Sirone.
The items purchased with 3 white elixirs were fire spirits, drones, and epines.
Even if it was the best thing according to the situation, I couldn’t help but feel like I was losing money. In particular, Tess couldn’t hide her sorry feelings.
“I don’t mean to say that I begged you to buy it, but is it really okay? There must have been something useful in battle. In particular, you bought Epines at a ridiculously high price.”
“What does it matter? You can hunt if need be. You don’t have to worry about the past.”
“Lian is right. And it’s not just financial loss. Sirone managed the Elixir most efficiently, and you just have to be satisfied with that.”
Tess, who was comforted by Amy, cried.
“No matter how efficient it is, what do you do? Things were messed up. I also support Sirone’s choice, but the apothecary could have cut the drone in half if it hadn’t been for some weird tricks.”
Kanis said with a sneer.
“Amy didn’t mean that. Actually, Sirone didn’t see any loss. He bought something that couldn’t be obtained even if I gave him all the white elixirs.”
“what? Was the fire spirit really that expensive?”
“no. The most expensive was Epines.”
Tess thought Canis, whom she was not friendly with, was joking.
I’m just saying it because I said it, but thinking that I bought something with a white elixir that could have been bought with a red elixir made me wake up in a fit of rage.
Ryan asked as if he couldn’t understand.
“Why is Epines the most expensive? It’s a common drug.”
“That’s true, but for today, the price was beyond imagination. The most important thing is the owner of the item. Kanya and Lena. In other words, they are citizens of Heaven.”
“ah… … .”
“You understand now? It’s not epines. Sirone bought a ticket to heaven with just one white elixir.”
Indeed it is.
Come to think of it, the way to enter heaven was far away. But now, they also have a corner. If you borrow Kanya’s power, you can enter heaven.
—————————————

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-191.txt
=============YYYYY=============
[191] 5. Norr’s Shelter (6)
Even so, the reason I felt rejected was that it sounded like Sirone was using her.
“Sirone is not like that! Even if Kanya wasn’t a subject, she would have helped me the same way! Sirone is nice and… … !”
“I know, what kind of character it is. Because he is that kind of guy.”
Tess was speechless when Canis readily admitted.
“You must have been sincere in giving away the White Elixir. So what I want to say is this. Shirone must have acted like that with good intentions, but he’s not stupid enough to even think about the situation. is not it?”
The group did not object.
If it was Sirone, there was no way she wouldn’t know what Canis thought of. If so, you will be strategizing one way or another. Just in time, Sirone walked this way with Kanya.
Kanya lowered her head and said.
“I’m sorry, I suffered a loss because of me. I will never forget this grace.”
Amy asked with a wink at Sirone over her shoulder. She shook her head as if she knew as well.
In life, there are times when good intentions are reflected as calculations, but this was the case with Sirone now. I didn’t want to hurt Kanya, so I wanted to watch a little longer.
Opinions came and went through mental channels. Kanis said he would speak, but the majority vote decided to delegate it to Sirone.
After the meeting, Amy and Kanya were busy examining the fire elemental and the drone.
While watching, Sirone realized that among the women in the party, only Arin had nothing.
“Sorry. I ran out of elixir.”
said Canis.
“I do not need. I didn’t come here just to get something like this.”
Tess, who was petting the drone, became angry.
“what? Say it again.”
“I do not need. I didn’t come here just to get something like this.”
As Tess gritted her teeth, Canis added.
“We risked our lives and came here not to go to purgatory. You have to think that even that drone you are hugging is a piece of equipment that everyone carries around in heaven.”
Canis was right.
If Purgatory was a market for selling goods, Heaven was a factory for manufacturing goods. All the principles of this world came from the law of heaven.
Tess pouted and sat back down.
Anyway, the drone is yours. Even if there are some bizarre things in heaven, if you can’t find them, isn’t it a piece of cake?
Feeling good again, she pet the drone. Then, she suddenly became curious about how to use it.
I didn’t handle it harshly for fear of breaking it, but shaking it and tapping it showed no sign of it working.
“Kaña, how do you use this? I said it was new, but it doesn’t work.”
“Give me I’ll look into it.”
Kanya was handed the drone and turned it around. Then she saw a steel strap tied to the drone’s flight organ, and she looked puzzled.
I know she also bought a drone with the white elixir. But she never thought to sell something like this. The equipment of the Mechas whose belts were not untied was useless.
“excuse me… … I can’t use this.”
“What? why? Is there something wrong with it?”
“No, rather the opposite. This is brand new, right out of the factory. Do you see the inscription on the steel strip here? This is called henna, but it can only be used if you break the seal. But the seal can only be broken at the factory. That’s why I can’t write.”
Tess looked like she was about to cry. To think that the item obtained by paying the white elixir was the same as a lump of scrap metal.
Listening to the conversation, Sirone realized why the merchant was so anxious to sell his goods. He wasn’t talking about sealing.
said Amy, taking away the drone.
“Give me this. I’ll go and get a refund. You sold a defective item without even explaining it. This is a scam!”
“that’s right. I cheated.”
The merchant who sold drones came with a clove.
As soon as she accepted it without hesitation, Amy lost her temper.
The party calmed down and waited for the merchant’s next words. But he said nothing. He gave out three yellow elixirs from his bosom instead.
“What’s this?”
“This is the original price of the drone. Of course, the profit is taken away, but no auction can sell it cheaper than this. All items in Mecca are locked. I’m sorry I didn’t tell you the truth.”
Arin told me it was the truth.
Amy guessed why the merchant made a declaration of conscience. First of all, it was an obvious fraud, and seeing Sirone’s skills, he came to the conclusion that the matter would get bigger.
In the end, it was a simbeom to take care of the original share. He had no guts for a merchant.
“Don’t look at me like that. I have no intentions.”
“Then why return it?”
“That’s what an apology means. I felt miserable. I escaped from heaven and entered purgatory, but I lived believing that there was hope. I don’t want to throw away my pride as a merchant.”
Sirone received the yellow elixir as if she understood. She informed Ah-rin that she was half-truth and half-false, but she was fed up with fighting with marbles.
The merchant comforted them in his own way.
“Yeah, it’s not like I’ve shaved too much. Usually, 10 yellow elixirs are enough to get one white elixir. The value of drones in Purgatory is just as high.”
Tess snapped.
“Then what are you doing? You can’t use it anyway.”
The merchant had nothing to say about it. Mecha equipment was not a major handling item, and there was no information to know that it was obtained by chance.
But Amy got a hint from the merchant’s words.
“Isn’t high value means there is a way to unlock the lock?”
Tess looked back with a glimmer of hope, but the merchant just shrugged his shoulders in disapproval.
Canis, who had been listening to their conversation, sighed.
I was annoyed at the situation where I was thinking about the key to the lock in front of me. Should I tell you this or not?
In the end, he showed a little camaraderie and opened his mouth.
“You guys really don’t know?”
“huh? Don’t you know?”
“Remember how we got here. Think about it if you have a head.”
Tess searched for memory. He escaped through the Guffin’s Gate into Heaven. Guffin’s Gate? Wait, what did we do at Guffin’s Gate?
Tess turned to Sirone and shouted.
“Sirone! Quickly, quickly release this!”
Sirone realized it too.
The Guffin’s Gate is also a kind of ancient weapon. The exterior is nothing more than a stone wall, but when the Immortal function is opened, it turns into a dimensional door. Maybe that’s why the nickname Unlocker was attached.
After accepting the drone, Sirone held it with both hands and focused. Will it happen? I doubted it, but I expected it to happen nine times out of ten.
When I opened Immortal Function, the drone started to glow. The merchant’s eyes widened as he watched.
A red pattern was revealed along the locking device called henna. Although the form was different, it was the same phenomenon seen at Guffin’s Gate.
The henna fell off with a ting, and light leaked through the cracks in the assembly.
Sirone smiled brightly and raised the drone.
“Wow, is this for real?”
Just like the smile on her face, Sirone’s body stiffened.
A lot of Norse people were looking this way. Not only Kanya and Lena, but also Gardlock and Clove were shocked and stunned.
I thought it was simply because I opened the seal, but I heard a whisper somewhere.
As Arin tried to telepathize with several people, their voices entered his head.
Nephilim.
Many words came and went, but the word that came out in common was Nephilim.
The louder the voice, the more anxious Sirone became.
I didn’t know if the word Nephilim meant a good thing or a bad thing.
Arin said their feelings were awe and fear.
Kanya, who met Sirone’s eyes, was startled. But she remembered that even that was disrespectful and fell to her knees.
“The subjects of Ra meet the Nephilim.”
Sirone couldn’t fathom how things were going.
Then the guard locks approached. He had a more serious face than when he was being chased by the heresy.
“You guys weren’t the ones who fell into purgatory. They were the ones who opened the door and came in.”
“I do not understand. What the hell are the Nephilim?”
“In this world, only angels can come and go between heaven and earth at will. There are various missions, but among them is to conceive a person who will reform the land nation. It has to be a virgin who has never had children, and that’s called virgin conception. Nephilim refers to the offspring of an angel and a virgin. This is how the Nephilim are called in heaven. free from the law.”
Sirone remembered the priestesses that Chief Kergo invited to attend the banquet. He said that only a virgin could bear a child of angelic descent.
Even so, what I don’t understand is that he is not a Nephilim. If she really is descended from angels, why did her mother abandon herself?
In addition, it is absurd to say that they are Nephilim because they are capable of immortal functions.
If all the Unlockers in the world came from a single bloodline, there is no way that scholars couldn’t figure it out.
“The Nephilim are out of the will of Ra. But the subjects follow the Nephilim. Because he is the one who has risen to the highest position that humans can climb.”
Sirone didn’t like it. Isn’t there no reason for subjects to follow just because their ancestors are good?
Immortal Function was also a realization through a challenge. It just seemed absurd to attribute the achievements he was proud of to his bloodline.
“That’s Okay. Knowing that doesn’t change anything anyway, right?”
“It doesn’t. Because this is a country of heretics. Anyway, why the hell did you come to Purgatory? Are you here to carry out an angelic mission?”
Sirone guessed the value of an angel. It was a means of communication that connected gods and subjects through dimensions.
“yes. We came to enter heaven. I have something to tell you.”
“It was too. But why did you come to Norr’s shelter?”
“I wonder why… … .”
When Sirone turned around, Kanya turned her head with a reddened face.
Her heart was pounding. Sirone was not a heretic or imitation to be rejected. She was the great Nephilim who defeated the poisonous ear and obtained Epineth.
Sirone calmed Kanya down.
“Don’t be too nervous. Actually, I didn’t even know they were Nephilim. Just be comfortable.”
“but… … how… … .”
Amy came over and helped. Even though Sirone was right, she was strangely uncomfortable with her feelings.
“Yeah, take it easy. Even if Sirone is a Nephilim, the other friends are heretics. We’re comfortable with Sirone, so you don’t have to do that, right?”
Kanya didn’t think so.
Those who accompanied the Nephilim could not be classified as heretics. Because they are connected to the Nephilim, and the Nephilim are connected to the angels.
Anyway, since she couldn’t deny what the higher law said, Kanya decided to treat her comfortably according to Sirone’s will. But there was still a big echo in my heart.
Nephilim, Nabal, and Tess didn’t care. Sirone is sirone.
She smirked and looked at the drone. Her heart skipped a beat when she heard the hum.
Kanya came over and held out her hand.
“Give me this. I will teach you how to use it.”
A drone is a remote-controlled device that uses the human brain as a control tower. It is said that it can fly up to a radius of 10 kilometers from the control tower, although it depends on the atmospheric conditions, using advanced technology called retinal vision to transmit information directly to the user’s eyes.
“To use the drone, you have to enter a personal password. It uses a natural frequency, but only mechanics in Mecca know the principle. To use it anyway, click here then… … .”
When I put my hand on the reset button, the hemispherical drone split into several organs.
As I put it on Tess’ head, the drone tightened with a mechanical sound and began reading the brain waves.
—————————————

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-192.txt
=============YYYYY=============
[192] 5. Norr’s Shelter (7)
After 30 seconds, a signal indicating that the saving was completed appeared.
Please enable JavaScript
After searching for the left and right eyeballs, the drone sent a signal to the left eyeball.
Tess gasped in amazement. The view of her eyes was overlaid with the view of the drone.
This ability alone was worth a schema.
Taking off the drone and mounting it as a gauntlet, Tess listened to the explanation and nodded her head.
Kanya told me that it has a language decoding function and a function to automatically find a target by tracking radio waves by storing specific brain waves.
Unlike Sirone and the others, who were excited about reinforcing their combat power, Clove rolled her eyes as if she was anxious.
Even heresy, the word Nephilim was strong.
It was different from the fear felt by strong enemies. The Nephilim were fears of the unknown that had nothing to do with how powerful they were.
Recalling the attitude she had shown towards them so far, she hoped that Sirone would not only curse strangely.
As expected, Sirone approached.
Contrary to what he thought, he took out a yellow elixir and put it in his hand.
It was a fee.
Clove struggled for a while before putting it in his pocket.
“Oh, thank you. You don’t have to give me this much.”
“are you okay. You can’t split an elixir anyway.”
“you… … Are you really a Nephilim?”
“I don’t know. I’m just a magic school student. No matter what people call it here, that won’t change.”
“I’m sorry for being harsh. I know you are a man of the land… … .”
“Even people on earth shouldn’t treat you like that.”
“Yeah, that’s right. Sorry.”
Sirone didn’t want to say anything more.
Discipline is meaningless to an opponent who succumbs to fear. Even if you tell the c*ckroach to bow, he will obey.
Sirone stopped paying attention to Clove and went to the place where the Norse were gathered. Since this place is also part of the community, I thought of asking.
“Hey, maybe… … Do you know about a woman named Miro?”
The Norse reaction was bewildered.
Just as Sirone was about to give up and turn around, an old man walking with a cane.
“Miro, did you say maze?”
“yes. Do you know?”
“I heard about it when my parents were still alive. Could it be that she is also a Nephilim?”
“yes? Oh, right.”
People in this world know Unlockers as Nephilim. I don’t know exactly where Miro was born, but since she was also an Unlocker, it seemed safe to give her a definite answer.
“She denied the law of Ra.”
“that is… … What do you mean?”
“I don’t know. That’s all I heard But her mother didn’t hate her. Even though she was a subject whom she followed so much. It was shocking to me as a child.”
A woman who denied the Law of Ra. The information obtained was simple, but if you think about it, it conveys a lot.
First of all, it was clear that Miro had been to heaven. And he would have gone back after realizing much more about this world than he did.
Then she denied Ra.
What judgment will you make when this journey is over? Will you understand the labyrinth, or will you deny it?
As I was lost in thought, Amy approached me.
“Sirone, it looks like the sun is going down. I decided to sleep here today, how is it?”
“huh? I’m fine too. I’m tired from fighting in the morning. Let’s rest from now on.”
“excuse me… … .”
Kanya came over and started talking. Amy could tell just by looking at her expression. From the way she followed, it was clear that she cared about her relationship with Sirone.
“what’s the matter? Anything to say to me?”
“I taught Tess how to use the drone.”
“Oh yeah. thank you.”
“Me and Lena are going to sleep here too. The guides are fifty at this time. I think we will leave tomorrow morning.”
“ah… … I see.”
Sirone left a lingering impression at the end of her words.
If Kanya leaves tomorrow morning, they must follow them then. But the problem was that there was no agreement.
Kanya, who looked at Amy for a moment, said.
“You said you were going to heaven, right? If it’s okay, can you stop by my house for a day?”
I was thinking of going to heaven, but staying overnight at Kanya’s house was another event.
It could be because of her mother who is dying. She may have been tempted to introduce the Nephilim to her parents, who were ardent subjects.
In any case, there was no reason to refuse. She was only grateful to her for accepting her goodwill as her goodwill.
When Sirone agreed, Kanya blushed.
Amy didn’t like that part, but she couldn’t be timid, so she snorted and went to Tess.
While organizing the day’s work, the outside of Norr’s shelter became noisy. A group of people came running and screaming.
“Patrol! behind! Get down on the floor!”
Before I had time to ask what was going on, the Norse people scattered in all directions.
Sirone grabbed Kanya’s hand and ran to the guard lock. His friends seemed to have made the same judgment, and were gathering there.
Sirone, lying down in the bush, listened to Gardlock’s every detail.
It is said that on days when the moon rises to full moon, angels patrol the periphery of Purgatory.
Its reason and purpose are unclear, but it has been a revelation that has been passed down among cults for thousands of years.
A sound echoed through the world from the sky. The air around me was vibrating as if tens of thousands of locusts had gathered.
As each sound was layered, the cacophony disappeared and a single melody pierced my ears.
Is it the most beautiful string instrument in the world?
Sirone lost her mind and fell into a delusion.
Gardlock pulled Sirone’s mind out of consciousness.
“Wake! Don’t get lost in the sound! We’re enduring it because we’re wizards, other races have already reached out.”
Sirone looked at Tess and Lena. Sitting on his knees he was weeping. He didn’t lose his mind, but he was already in his other world.
What the hell is this sound? Can a single note shake a person’s mind like this?
“Where are you sounding from?”
“Each angel has a unique vibration. It is a vibration emitted by existence itself.”
“A vibration of existence itself? How is that possible?”
“In heaven, angels are called the adjusters of the law. As the first entity in the law of cause and effect, it takes precedence over all laws. Vibration is a vibration that proves the realm unique to angels.”
Sirone looked up at the sky. Judging by the frequency of the vibration, it seemed that sooner or later it would pass over Nord’s shelter.
Even though they said they had hit the curtain with light magic, they couldn’t shake off their anxiety.
“Can angels see us?”
“Maybe, maybe not.”
“What does it mean? Can you see it?”
“Have you checked your finger prints today?”
“no.”
“It’s a similar situation. If you set your mind to it, you can project as many curtains of light as you like. But they don’t fly like that in the wide purgatory. As long as you don’t act on a whim today, it won’t be a big deal.”
In the bushes on the outskirts, someone called ‘Coming!’ he shouted.
Sirone raised her head. I saw four figures passing through the sky at high speed.
I couldn’t even blink my eyes.
An angel in a white robe was flying in the lead. He spread his wings of light ten times larger than his body and held a golden piece of iron in his hand. Above all, the thing that caught my attention most intensely was the sphere of light floating above his head.
Those who formed a triangular formation centered on an angel were creatures I had never seen before.
Those who guarded the left and right sides resembled humans, but had red and blue skin tones.
Behind him was followed by a monster made up of all kinds of creatures.
Above their heads floated long horn-like triangles of red light, ranging in number from one to three. Even though it was not a cone, it maintained the same shape from any angle.
“What is it, the monster at the end? I could see the legs of an octopus and the face of a snake.”
“Those are Maraya. Causal rate 2nd entity. Another name is Keeper of the Law.”
“Are you a follower of the law?”
“Angels are said to be the adjusters of the law. They are the first personalities created by God and have the right to freely interpret God’s will. Do you know what this means? That you can bend the law as you please. It’s on a different level from giants. When an angel orchestrates the law, Mara acts. That is why we call Mara the follower of the law.”
Sirone realized that she had met the highest class of this world.
If God is the law, angels are the judges.
If so, wouldn’t Mara be at least an aide carrying out the orders of the judge?
“Something was floating above my head. Angels are spheres and Mara are horn-like… … .”
“Right, horns. But it’s not a real horn, it’s a thought body. The higher the number of horns, the higher the Maraya. They are endowed with unique abilities from birth. The source of that power is the horn.”
“Then what’s on the angel’s head?”
“It’s called the Astral Body. It’s no exaggeration to say that the power of angels resides in the Holy Light. I don’t know much about the principle. Even when I was a subject, I could count on one hand the number of times I saw an angel.”
Clove said with a trembling chin.
“I’d rather come here and see you more often.”
Sirone was seized by a strange feeling.
If angels really exist, are the Unlockers really Nephilim? Is the power to cross dimensions at will, or the maze’s scale magic, the ability of an angel?
My head started hurting.
I got a lot of information from the first day I arrived in heaven, but the board of the puzzle was so big that I couldn’t guess the whole thing.
Not long after the angel left, the moon rose.
It was a huge moon that I could touch from the top if there was a mountain. It was grotesque.
After the angel’s patrol, the day of the Norse came to an end.
Sirone rented a 12-seater barrack in the tent village and lay down side by side with his friends.
I could hear the sound of breathing all over the place. I wanted to think more, but my body felt that my body function was deteriorating.
Sirone, who had fallen asleep without realizing it, met Miro in her dream. It wasn’t a nightmare.
6. Anecdote (1)
Sirone and the others followed Guard Rock and arrived at the Valley of the Vortex Serpent.
Since the law was broken, it could no longer be called the Valley of the Whirlwind Serpents, but the name that had lasted for tens of thousands of years would not easily disappear.
Gadlock said that he would no longer be able to find guides here.
Now that the whirling serpent is gone, there is a possibility that a new law will come in. Any law would not be friendly to them.
“I will see you someday. The law is finite, but man is infinite. Even if heaven perishes, Norr’s resting place will not disappear.”
Gardlock said so and disappeared.
The words that humans are infinite touched Sirone’s heart. Even here, tens of thousands of light years away, humans were living.
The party flew three drones into the sky.
The importance of reconnaissance increased because of Kergo’s experience of heresy hunting.
When Sirone asked about heaven, unlike the first time they met, Kanya kindly explained it.
“Heaven is made up of seven heavens. From the 7th thousand Aravoth to the 1st thousand Shaman. The place where subjects live is the first thousand Shaman. The three races, Mecca, Norr, and Kergo, keep the law and do the work given to them. If Kergo produces it, Mecha processes it, and Norr plays the role of supplying it.”
“But isn’t that unreasonable? It’s something you’ve been destined to do since you were born.”
“We have been doing this for hundreds of thousands of years. It’s just following Anchera’s laws.”
As far as Sirone knows, it took about 10,000 years at the most for civilization to have been born in the original world. If heaven had existed for hundreds of thousands of years, it would have been normal for it to be population saturated, apart from social problems.
When Sirone brought out such thoughts, Kanya tilted her head instead.
“It is disrespectful to ask such questions. You govern the world called Anke. So far, the population of Sharma has never decreased or increased. The population is always the same.”
“How could that be? Is it like a birth control policy?”
“Those who keep the law and obey it will have eternal life. They can enter the Shehakim of the Third Heaven and live forever.”
“So those who don’t get eternal life die?”
—————————————

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-193.txt
=============YYYYY=============
[193] 6. Anecdote (2)
“no. Even if their lifespan ends, the subjects of Heaven do not die. Regenerated into a new life through the sake of anecdotes.”
Please enable JavaScript
“Then it is arithmetically incorrect. If everyone can live forever, why is the population the same?”
“The lifespan of subjects is under the control of Ra. Because the lifespan of the entire population is calculated under strict laws, we can keep a fixed figure.”
Eternal life and population limitation were words that could not go hand in hand.
In the end, the key lies in the sake of anecdotes.
However, like Guardlock, Kanya also avoided explaining. Whether it was a subject or a heretic, he had his own beliefs, but it seemed that that was not the case with Anecdote’s sake.
contradiction.
The sake of the anecdote Sirone imagined was a huge contradiction.
From the valley of the whirling snake, through the forest of the profane, we reached heaven.
The group raised their heads to the sky.
Compared to the size of the walls, they were but dust. It was an extreme scale that humans could not create.
Kanya introduced this place as District 73 and added that there are 820 Districts in the 1st Thousand alone.
Giving up on her imagination, Sirone touched the wall. He thought it was stone, but it was metal.
Heaven’s technology was beyond the common sense of Sirone and the others.
“Is it okay if we go in?”
“It will be fine. Because it’s Nephilim. But it is unpredictable.”
“Then why don’t we jump over the castle wall instead?”
I thought it would be impossible to cross the wall that reached the sky, but there was no other way.
But even Kanya shook her head.
“No drone can fly in the airspace of Heaven except drones that are approved to fly. You will be intercepted. I’ve never heard of it before, but I’ve heard of it from his grandfather before. And it’s impossible to sneak in anyway.”
“why? There doesn’t seem to be anyone guarding the door.”
“There is no restriction on entry. It’s a matter of the law. The information that occurs in heaven is managed by the sixth heaven, where angels reside. Since it can measure the mass fluctuations of each zone and even the gaseous components mixed with the air, it is futile even if they come in from hiding. don’t worry too much Because nothing dangerous will happen. This is not purgatory.”
Kanya, a subject, reassured Sirone that there was no need to plant bad feelings about heaven in advance.
As he approached the gate and thrust the gauntlet, a red beam emanated from the lens and scanned the surface.
The sound of the world shaking was heard as the gates opened. Even blocking my ears didn’t help.
When the entrance to Area 73 was opened, Sirone and the others followed Kanya and entered Heaven.
The lens sparkled as the gates closed.
The information of the newly changed District 73 was transmitted to the 6th Heaven Jebul.
Total mass 49,739,498,847.3423 kg.
0.0000024 percent increase in carbon dioxide emissions.
@
Sharmain’s first impression was heterogeneous.
The residences of the tribes were divided across the street, but the cultural styles were extremely different.
Norse buildings were utilitarian, whereas Kergoin’s buildings were extravagant. And when they found Meccain’s building, Sirone and Amy stopped and were speechless.
It was the magic warehouse, Estas.
Square boxes were piled up in layers, and they moved freely intersecting with the building next to it.
I didn’t think that Mecca would visit the magic school. In some way, it was proof that Mecha’s technology had flowed into the original world.
Kanya passed through the streets of Mecca and came out to the square.
The scenery of the plaza, where various races are mixed like a bridgehead of culture, seemed to see the international market of a neutral country.
“Sirone, look over there.”
Amy pointed to the statue of the giant.
It felt different from when I saw it at the Kergo Altar. Giants actually live here. He even fought a battle.
What is the reason why the giant who is admired by the subjects is wandering in Purgatory?
Kanya’s house was the same size as the other Meccan houses.
If Kergo was for show off and Nor was for practical use, Mecha seemed to pursue standards.
Upon entering Kanya’s house, the building rose to the fourth floor.
Unlike the inhuman form, the inside was cozy.
My parents, who were sitting at the table, jumped up.
I heard that the sake of the anecdote is for those whose lifespan is ending, but their faces are much younger than Sirone expected.
Kanya’s mother hugged her two daughters and shouted.
“Where have you been? Do you know how worried her mother was?”
“Sorry. There was a situation.”
“Who are those children? You look like a Norse.”
“I went to Nord’s Shelter. to get this.”
When Kanya handed out the potion, her mother’s eyes widened in shock.
never told anyone But how does his daughter know about this?
“you… … This… … .”
“It’s a stimulant, made with Nor’s magic. Drink this before drinking alcohol.”
“Lena! Why did you do this? Mom didn’t want this!”
“So you’re saying you’re just watching? Even her mother went to Purgatory to give her medicine to her grandfather!”
“Who the hell are you talking to… … !”
“Grandpa told me! That’s why Grandpa was able to drink anecdotes while laughing until the end! That’s it! That’s family!”
“Why are you really like that! Then you must know that my mother’s lifespan was shortened while looking for medicine! How would her mother feel if her daughter did the same thing!”
Dad, who had been listening with a sad expression, interrupted.
“Both of you, stop. It’s already spilled water. It’s okay since we got back safely.”
After drying his wife, he looked back at Sirone and the others.
“Then are you heretics, from Nord’s resting place?”
Kanya introduced Sirone and the others.
“no. They are from the country of the land. You saved my life and Lena’s life and helped me get this medicine too. If it wasn’t for those people, I might have died.”
There are no parents in the world who would treat their daughter harshly when they were told that they had saved their daughter’s life.
Dad called Sirone and the others home.
While her mother prepared the meal, Kanya told her about her experiences in Purgatory.
When it was said that Sirone was a Nephilim, both of them knelt and the living room was in an uproar.
After the party’s earnest request, the parents agreed to treat them comfortably.
“I see. Thank you for helping Kanya and Lena. But you’d better get out of here quickly. Even the Nephilim would not welcome those from the land.”
“no. We intend to go to the 7th thousand.”
Arabot, the sacred place of God, was such a holy place that it would be disrespectful to even dare to say that I would go there. However, since Sirone was free from the law, he was free to say the words that came to his mind.
“but… … There is no way to get to the Seventh Heaven.”
“You should think about that from now on. What I’m more curious about is the law here. What do you mean by shortening lifespan?”
“Literally. Subjects are given life span according to the law from birth. Kanya’s lifespan is 62 years. Lena can live to be 73.”
“what? Lena is the younger sister, but she has a longer lifespan?”
“Life can change at any time. Lena got ten extra years of life for singing her hymn beautifully in her childhood. It’s a good thing, but the problem is my wife. Her wife lived 43 years and 247 days. She only has one day left.”
Sirone’s heart sank.
What kind of person in the world knows lifespan up to one day in advance? If he did, he was terrifying to imagine.
Even so, Kanya’s mother was smiling. Because she is sure that the grace of Ra will fall.
“My wife’s lifespan was cut short by 20 years for going to purgatory when she was young. So tomorrow she goes into the anecdote.”
Changing a person’s lifespan is a cruel thing. No, I didn’t think it would be possible.
If Ra rules the lifespan, how old is he?
It is said that the history of heaven is hundreds of thousands of years. Maybe Ra is really a god.
“What is the sake of anecdotes?”
“Hmm, I guess I didn’t tell you. I guess so. It’s not a good thing to know. Above all, aren’t the Nephilim free from the law? It has nothing to do with you.”
“I still want to know. If you know what it is, you might come up with a good method.”
“Hmm, if that’s the case… … .”
Just as Dad was about to speak, a clear voice rang out from outside the window.
“Everyone support me! Mecca officer Feofenira.”
Sirone and the others jumped to their feet.
Like sound amplification magic, the voice was reaching this far. Most surprising of all was that the language was automatically translated.
The ability to transmit mentally without going through a channel.
If it was magic, it was a high difficulty.
“In the end, what was to come had to come. It is a fairy.”
“A fairy? Is that the fairy I know?”
Sirone recalled the fairies living in the original world.
Kanya’s father mistook the fairy he was talking about for a fairy here and nodded.
“okay. doers of the law. If a giant keeps the law, a fairy is a doer of the law. He can be said to be my vassal. It must have come because of Kanya and Lena’s case.”
“What shall we do?”
“If you are a Nephilim, you don’t have to worry. being free from the law. but… … I don’t know if she’ll take that into consideration. Because of her unique personality.”
“What are you doing! Citizens of this house, open the door!”
A fairy’s voice came from outside the door.
This was on the 4th floor. And the fairy Sirone knew was never a flying being.
Dad opened the door and, contrary to Sirone’s expectations, a dainty creature flew in.
It was a girl the size of the palm of my hand.
She had curly blonde hair, and she was so pretty that her features were clearly visible even on her small face. He was wearing ankle-high green boots, and his transparent wings were swaying at an invisible speed.
When Kanya’s family knelt down, Sirone’s party also followed them.
Floating in the air, Feope lifted her chin and said.
“I am Peope, the fairy of the spiral. He appeared in person to judge the subjects.”
Fairies, like jack-o-lanterns, are born from the heart, but they are not attributes of the natural world.
single concept.
Thus, fairies were rational and were able to dominate the embodied concept.
“So from now on I will enforce the law. Kanya and Lena, have you ever been to Purgatory?”
“yes. I have been out.”
Kanya’s parents closed their eyes.
However, Kanya, the party involved, was calm. It was something he had been preparing for before he left heaven.
If there’s just something… … It was Lena.
“sorry. I wanted to treat her mother with delicious food before the drinking of Ilhwa, so I hunted in the forest of the vulgar.”
Since Kergo can freely come and go to Purgatory, he wondered if his sins would be lightened if he made an excuse for hunting.
However, Feope pushed her as if she didn’t care about the situation of her subjects.
“Hey, how dare you tell a lie. What use is food to a subject who will die tomorrow?”
Kanya’s mother eventually burst into tears.
Even if the sake of anecdote is a blessing, is there any creature in the world who is not afraid of death? Such dangerous feelings were stirred up by Feope.
Sirone felt anger at that fact.
The subjects call Ilhwa’s sake regeneration. However, the words from the fairy, the official of domestic affairs, were a clear death sentence.
The reason it wasn’t a simple threat was because I couldn’t feel any malice from Peope’s words.
It was like an innocent child expressing his feelings honestly.
“Anyway, don’t judge. Kanya and Lena, I cut your lifespan by 40 years.”
Kanya had a stunned expression. If you cut 40 years, your remaining life will be less than 10 years. Lena is on her better side, but she will end her life at the age of 33.
Being sentenced to a 40-year cut for trespassing was the highest record she knew.
Same-age sales a year ago received a five-year cut. Uncle Kai, a Norse, was seven years old. Even the mother, who is known as the most unlucky case, is 20 years.
But cut 40 years? She says yes, but what about Lena’s life?
—————————————

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-194.txt
=============YYYYY=============
[194] 6. Anecdotal Liquor (3)
“Feope! please forgive me! Adding my and Lena’s lifespan together is a cut of 80 years. I forced my brother into it. So at least my sister, please forgive me!”
“What about 40 years? After all, don’t you only live 60 years at most? Would you be able to do all the things you want to do in 5 years?”
It is lifespan that determines biological characteristics. Fairies have reason like humans, but their way of thinking is completely different as they live an eternal lifespan.
A fairy’s life gives her plenty of time to make up for her mistakes. So, although he is honest and honest, he had no way to understand the feelings of a human with a limited lifespan.
It is as if there is no human being who knows how precious an hour of life is.
In particular, from the point of view of Peope, who was born only a year ago, death was just a word that would only come to mind a thousand years later.
Kanya’s mother collapsed on the floor. I knew that my newly appointed articles of association were clumsy, but she never dreamed that she would make such a disastrous judgment.
“Feope, you are the executor of the law. However, no one in the fairy realm has ever dealt with such severe punishment. It was 20 years for me alone. Please change your mind.”
“what? You’re just ignoring me because I’m only a year old! I know everything I know! The executors of the law have the power to adjudicate life spans of up to 50 years. Are you rebelling against my own authority?”
“If you really made that judgment, please tell me why you would agree.”
“Huh, good! Then I’ll tell you! Caña and Lena’s unauthorized departure from heaven reduces their lifespan by 20 years! And the remaining 20 years are the sin of bringing heresy! Wouldn’t that be dissatisfying?”
Peope pointed at Sirone and the others and said. There was no report that heresy had entered, but it was a fact that I confirmed with my own eyes when I came here, so there was no problem in making a judgment.
“Feope! These people are not heretics! The boy here is a Nephilim.”
“Yes, the Nephilim?”
Feope stared at Sirone.
Are they really Nephilim?
descendant of angels. free from the law. The original knowledge given at the time of birth passed through my head.
Since fairies are not the adjusters of the law, they can only be charged with certain laws. Therefore, it was true that no punishment could be imposed on the Nephilim.
Even so, Peope did not back down.
As the youngest of 48,000 fairies in the 72nd class of fairies, she recalled the verbal violence suffered by her senior sisters every day. If she did not establish her authority here and went back, she would be a laughing stock until the next youngest was born.
“Even if I do, the sin doesn’t change! Let the Nephilim pass! But not all will be Nephilim! Therefore, the sin of introducing heresy will be punished!”
Kanya’s mother raised her head and retorted.
“I am not a Nephilim, but I am a friend of the Nephilim. It is against the law to accuse them of heresy.”
“Shut up! How can a subject discuss the law with the executor of the law! I am carrying out Ra’s will. To go against me is to go against God!”
“Wait a minute.”
When Sirone stood up from her knees, Feope crossed her arms and looked back at him.
Fighting the Nephilim was not a good thing, but even the Nephilim had no authority to get involved in the execution of the law.
“what? I will not forgive you if it interferes with enforcement.”
“No, I’m trying to correct my misunderstanding. We are not brought by that girl. just followed Then you can’t blame that girl, can you?”
“What are you talking about? Are you following me?”
“I found that girl by chance outside of heaven. It just came in as I opened the door. I can go anywhere because I am free from the law. That’s why I came to this house to have dinner. So there is nothing wrong with those two sisters.”
“Who knows who would be fooled by such a lie?”
“Then prove it. I want you to prove that what I am saying is false.”
The mecha system in heaven catches any small variable, but cannot read emotions.
A lot of information verifies the situation in which Sirone and the others came in with Kanya, but it was impossible to figure out their relationship. All of this happened because Sirone was a Nephilim.
Feope rolled her eyes here and there.
You have to find another way somehow. If rumors spread that he was played by human words, he would be ridiculed for a thousand years.
“good night. If so, it restores Kanya and Lena’s lifespan by 20 years. And the entry of the Nephilim is also permitted. However, since those who remain must be heretics who deny the law, their life span will be shortened. You there, tell me your name first.”
Peope pointed at Arin and said.
Of course, Arin didn’t answer.
I don’t know the exact cause, but the ability to grant life seems to require a name. Arin was not foolish enough to openly write her name in the killing book.
“Nope. Why do I have to tell you your name?”
“These are real! It’s a shallow heresy, so you don’t know the fear of fairies!”
Sirone said with a disapproving expression.
“What do you think of human life? You are not going to die one day either.”
“I am Jung. It cannot be compared to human life! Besides, I’ve only lived a year! You have very, very much left before the end of your life.”
Sirone snorted.
The future is the future because it eventually comes. That’s why we honor those who lived first, and commemorate them when they leave the world.
Feope didn’t seem to realize that the concept of the future was of an indestructible nature.
No, you probably never even thought about it.
said to be one year old. Compared to the age of a human being, I could guess how immature they were.
Feope put her hand on her waist and said.
“Okay, it’s going to come out like this, right? For the sin of not revealing your names, you will be judged by those higher than me. And Kanya and Lena will get another 30 years for hiding the blasphemous heresy, and both of them will get 50 years off their lives!”
Kanya’s family was devastated.
In 50 years, as soon as the law is executed, Kanya dies.
In fact, it was the top of the 72nd class of fairies who were actually executing life spans, so they wouldn’t die right away, but it was an obvious fact that once the report was raised, it would be dealt with within a few hours.
Feope, who had been evaluating her own judgment, turned around as if she had completed a difficult task today.
“With this the verdict is over. Then I’m done.”
Feope, who was flying toward the door, stopped flying.
Ryan and Tess were blocking the door. Sirone and Amy surrounded her on either side of her.
“Hmm, are you trying to subdue it by force? Me, a fairy?”
“There is nothing I can do. Think of it as catching a sparrow.”
“okay? Then where do you go?”
Feope widened her eyes.
Then, Lian’s expression as he grabbed the handle of the greatsword crumpled. He was twisting his arm under a strange force. Tess, unaware of her situation, grabbed her by the shoulder of Lian’s, and she felt the same pain.
“Ho Ho! If you don’t move quickly, it will break.”
The ability of a fairy, which is a single concept, has many similarities with eating out. It is to expand the concept and use it like magic.
Feofe was born in the spiral, and as such, she has mastery over all things torsion. It was difficult for him to hold on even with Lian, who had the strength of a schema user.
However, as the body began to carry out 100% of the instructions of the brain, the body moved little by little. As he swung the greatsword, the power of the spiral was broken and Peope stumbled.
Tess looked for an opening and stabbed the saber.
Feope, who evaded by flying into the sky, looked at her in disbelief.
schema. It was a giant’s skill.
Fairies and giants are the two main pillars of maintaining this world. That’s why I was thinking that each of them was superior to each other even though they were equal according to the law. That’s why it was a shame to lose to the giant’s technology in any situation.
“These are real!”
Feope moved fast enough to draw a picture with an afterimage.
As Lian and Tess’ movements overlapped, there was a gap in movement.
Aiming at that moment, Peope hit the door with the power of the spiral. The center of the iron door was crumpled in a clockwise direction, and the light chip was broken and the door leaf fell off.
“Ho-ho-ho! stupid guys! So goodbye!”
Peope, rushing outside, felt something strange. For some reason, his speed was slowing down.
As Sirone approached from the front, he flew up to the ceiling, but even that was slow.
By the time I realized that time was passing slowly, I was already caught in Sirone’s grip.
Sirone released the slow and held Feope in front of her eyes. Her expression, caught, was dazed.
“How about time?”
Controlling time is the magic of light. However, there was no light in the room that could be amplified by magic.
Source knowledge passed through Peope’s head. The Nephilim are descendants of angels. And the angel… … He was the ruler of light.
‘this… … !’
Feope was crying. He struggles to get out, but Sirone’s strength is stronger.
No, the fairy’s physical strength was weak.
The strength of the fairy, which is specialized in mental strength, was the lowest among the laws.
“Let go! I mean, let go of this!”
Peope’s struggles were not ticklish.
Then she clenched her teeth and cast a spell. The moment the power of the spiral was imbued, Sirone grabbed her hand.
Feope’s eyes widened and the air in her stomach burst out of her mouth.
“Haaaaagh! stop! I’m going to explode!”
“Return the lifespan of the family to normal.”
Peope’s face, which had been weeping, turned cold.
“joy! trying to intimidate? But it’s no use. I am the one who reports to the superiors, but I am not the one who enforces it. Since you attacked the enforcer of the law, even if you are a Nephilim, you will not be safe. You better release it quickly.”
“Threat? It could kill you.”
If she can’t change Peope’s heart, Kanya will die. He couldn’t claim that he wasn’t responsible for it.
As I applied strength to my grip, Peope’s complexion turned pale. Even so, the enforcer’s pride was not abandoned.
“Lord, kill me. Not scary at all.”
The more he pressed Feope, the stronger his pulse felt.
It was a fragile creature. It looks like it could be broken for fun.
she was afraid
“Aren’t you afraid? But why are you shaking?”
Feope, who was ridiculed, raised her eyes fiercely.
“The annihilation of existence is a law that everyone is afraid of! Even knowing that fact, you choose death! Don’t compare yourself to lesser humans like you!”
“Then die.”
“Kill! I mean kill! You can die anytime!”
Sirone lifted Feope. When he hit the floor, he died instantly.
Feope’s trembling grew stronger. Just the thought of the little corpse with its guts ruptured made him feel bad.
Feope let out a sad cry.
It will live for a year and leave. Even the dream of becoming the number one member of the 72nd class of fairies ended today.
As Feope’s tears flowed down the back of her hand, Sirone frowned.
How should we accept this world where even essential values are dominated?
“Choosing death despite being afraid? why? Why can’t you just think like that?”
“joy! People like you can’t understand! But I won’t say anything! As an enforcer of the law, I will not yield to humans!”
“okay. If you gave up on life, you would be as good as dead, so I will take your life with ease.”
Feope’s face was covered with tears.
I wish you could save me. But what should I say when I tell you that I will kill you with the power of life and death in my hands?
Do you mean to get down on your knees and pray? It was unacceptable for the enforcer of the law to obey his subjects.
“okay! kill! I mean kill them quickly!”
“But if you ask for help, I will.”
—————————————

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-195.txt
=============YYYYY=============
[195] 6. Anecdote (4)
Upon hearing Sirone’s words, Peope’s face froze.
She couldn’t understand what was going on inside her mind. Her strong feelings that had dominated her began to disappear like bubbles in her as she gave her hope that she could live.
“Are you mocking me? What do you gain by humiliating me?”
“mockery? don’t be funny It’s only natural to spare someone who asks for help. Because I also want to live. Because my life is precious, I know how precious the lives of others are.”
Sirone was not determined to free Feope. It was still unclear what decision to make at the final moment.
I just thought of Kanya and Lena. Like this, he couldn’t let the two of them die.
“I’ll count to three. one.”
Power went into the hand holding Feope.
“two.”
“Sah, save me.”
Peope said in a low voice.
Sirone didn’t relax her stance as if she hadn’t heard. And the moment he was about to shout three, Peo Pe, who closed his eyes tightly, shouted.
“help me! ask for help! I don’t want to die!”
Sirone let go of Peope.
Freed, she flew up with trembling wings. Her face was as red as the sunset, and she fired at him vigorously.
“Do you think you will be safe even after doing this?”
“What have I done?”
“You tried to kill me!”
“It did. And that’s what you did to Kanya and Lena.”
Peope could not refute.
An executor of the law from birth, she never thought deeply about the lifespan of her subjects.
However, it was a complicated problem when I put my life in someone else’s hands.
Death is scary and life is sweet. The same was true of fairies living for 10,000 years.
“I think Kanya’s mother’s work is also wrong. Give her mother’s life back too.”
Feope was annoyed when I pressed her in before she could organize her thoughts.
“I told you earlier! The only ones who can touch the Life Department are the upper echelons of the 72nd class of fairies. We cannot reverse a case that has already been decided.”
“Then first, repeat the judgment of Kanya and Lena. can you do that?”
Peope, who rested her chin on her head and thought, said.
“what… … Then I’ll cut your life expectancy by one year.”
Sirone burst into laughter.
It would be nice to see Kanya and Lena’s guilt lightened, but the difference in judgment was too great. I thought there was no standard from the beginning.
“You’re not some kind of junk dealer, so you can judge as you please?”
“Even if this is reduced, it’s a mess! Then, shall we raise it to 20 years?”
“It’s not like that. isn’t it strange There must be a standard to apply sin.”
“That is why I am the standard. I am the enforcer of the law! Now that I see you, are you really ignorant?”
Sirone stopped talking. He had to admit that fairies were a different species that diverged from humans at some point.
Fairy thinking is more comprehensive than human thinking. While humans can break love into countless concepts, to the fairy, love was just love.
Feope was an executor of the law, so she did not doubt her thoughts. Knowing how terrifying his death was, he was cut a year.
It was understandable that I couldn’t make detailed judgments like 2 years and 3 months or 7 years and 6 months.
Thousands of years will pass and the accident will deepen, but now she was only one year old.
“Now is it? then i’ll go Fairies have a lot of work.”
“Where are you going? Shouldn’t Kanya’s mother also be responsible for this?”
Turning back to Sirone, Perope lifted her ax eye.
“How do I solve that? I wasn’t even born at the time. Besides, my position is the youngest of the 72nd class of fairies, so I do not have the authority to change the life expectancy book.”
“Then tell me how. Since you’re a fairy, don’t you know something? I can never let you go until you tell me.”
Feope had a crooked temper like a spiral spirit, but it wasn’t difficult to handle because she was young. He told her that if he could dig up her information, she might have a way to save Kanya’s mother.
“Hey, do you know that I won’t be able to leave if you block me? And no one can get involved in the affairs of the fairy world. This is determined by the law.”
“I don’t know what that law is, but you know that it’s unreasonable, right? life is precious Are you saying you can cut someone’s lifespan by 20 years at will?”
Feope was in tears.
The truth is, you don’t even know yourself. It seemed to me that I would have to live at least 600 years to judge whether the law was right or wrong on an individual basis.
“Why do you keep doing this to me? I’m just doing what I’m told!”
“When are you said to be the enforcer of the law? When are you confident enough to run away now?”
“Oh, really! What to do? What do you want to know?”
“First of all, tell me what Ilhwa’s sake is.”
“Anecdotal liquor? that’s a holy spell By refining the laws of the subjects, they are reborn into a new life.”
Peope replied without hesitation, as if he had known something after a long time.
However, Sirone couldn’t sense anything from her words other than wrapped justice.
“How do you understand when you say that? I mean, be specific. What does it exist for, how is it performed, what are the descriptions of the technique, things like this.”
“Ugh, really annoying… … .”
Feope covered her head with both hands.
The sake of anecdotes is just the sake of anecdotes. I had never reviewed the information I knew as source knowledge.
There was only one way left.
Recalling the memory transfer, her eyes lit up.
“If you really want to know, there is a way to explain it clearly. It’s using mental resonance. Fairies can transmit memories to others. I’ll show you my memory of an anecdote of drinking that I experienced. Will that work?”
Mental resonance is dangerous. It didn’t look like Peope would do anything bad, but he wasn’t an ally anyway.
Arin said through the mental channel.
-are you okay. With Peope, I can control it.
-Are you sure? No matter how strong your defense is, there is such a thing as eating out, right?
-Because Peope is emotionally immature, she will be able to read the unique pattern of eating out with menarche. Then, just knock it out with Mental Shock before it activates.
Kanis and the others seemed to have experienced eating out as well.
Thinking that menarche is truly amazing, Sirone conveyed her consent to Feope.
“good. Show me your memory of the anecdote.”
“okay. Then we begin.”
Feope cast a memory transfer spell.
As the minds of Sirone and the others were sucked into their memories, the image of the plaza from a year ago appeared. It was where the statue of the giant stood, and the subjects were not even breathing.
When Sirone called for his friends who had arrived at another point, they came like spirits penetrating the subjects.
It was someone else’s memory, but it was as clear as reality.
Sirone, who exists as a memory body, could examine anything she wanted. It was strange that he didn’t notice even if he pushed his face right in front of Shinmin’s nose.
Sirone and the others headed towards the statue.
As the crowd barrier disappeared, an amazing landscape unfolded.
Several hoses were connected to the giant’s statue, which connected to eight glass spheres placed around it. The glass sphere was large enough for a person to enter.
The subjects were silent, but some were weeping. The scenery mixed with reverence and despair created anxiety.
Kergoin ran around the statue, preparing the spell. Eight subjects walked out of the group. They were similar in age, in their 50s and 60s, but one was a young woman.
Sirone saw the tears in their smiles.
Shaking pupils, trembling corners of the mouth, cold sweat on the forehead.
They were clearly thinking about death.
Subjects entered the glass sphere without a single thread on.
As black water filled the glass sphere, the family came running weeping. On the other hand, the other subjects fell flat on the ground and started chanting Ankera.
Kergoin pulled out the family members who shouted “Mom, Dad, Grandpa” and knocked on the glass.
Subjects submerged in the rising water smiled.
Is it drowning?
It was brutal.
With that thought in mind, Sirone peered into the glass sphere and backed away in fright.
It wasn’t drowning. Their bodies were loosening in the liquid.
It was the most bizarre sight I had ever seen.
I was curious about the composition of the liquid, and I thought I knew why it was black. If they had been able to see this process, the family might have gone mad.
The liquid in the glass sphere was sucked up through the hose. There was an unpleasant sound, like excrement pouring out of the intestines.
The voices of the subjects shouting Ra grew even louder.
As the water surface of the glass sphere lowered, the transparent interior was revealed again without any debris.
there was nothing.
The people who had been smiling a moment ago had escaped through the hose.
Sirone turned her gaze to where the hose was connected. His body was already trembling. Still, he had to see it with his own eyes.
statue of a giant.
There, eight people were pouring down from the base of the statue.
So what the heck is it? What is it that fills the statue right now?
immortal a.
The sound of praising Ankera pierced the sky.
Suddenly, the giant’s statue vibrated strongly.
At that point, the subjects were silent.
Not a single drop of water remained in the glass sphere. All of them were stuffed into the statue of a giant.
like a mold.
Sirone shook her head. It can’t be. But once the thought came to his mind, he couldn’t stop it.
A mold that melts and pours humans into it. Then what is being created inside me… … .
The statue of the giant opened showing the severed surface.
Huge paws pushed out and shook the ground.
Sirone shuddered at the sight of the giant covered in jelly. His expression was wrong to call him human.
Arin muttered through the mental channel. The reason why he couldn’t communicate with the giant was because several minds were mixed in one body.
Then, what state is the mind contained in the body?
Is it the spirit of the eight, or something completely different from it?
The subjects begged for mercy.
Those who are born of the law and keep the law. giant.
That’s why the giant has the right to punish those who break the law.
Even if someone is trampled by a giant’s feet at this moment, it won’t be the giant’s fault.
People who made eye contact with the giant foamed and collapsed. It was pressing, an eye technique.
iced coffee.
Sirone shuddered.
source of schema. The schema in the beginning was a phenomenon in which human body schemas mixed with anecdotes were overlapped.
I followed the giant and overheard the subject’s conversation.
The giant leaves heaven and goes into purgatory. There, he punishes the heresy that threatens the kingdom of heaven, and is called by Ra again to return to the Fifth Thousand Matei.
The family cried and cried.
mom! dad! grandfather!
As if in response to the voice, the giant flinched. But he didn’t look back, and he moved toward the outside of the castle gate again as if nothing had happened.
@
As the landscape in Peope’s memory burned like a piece of paper on fire, the landscape of the house was revived.
Sirone and the others looked around.
Peope was nowhere to be seen. He seemed to have run away while his memories replayed.
However, after learning what Ilhwa’s alcohol was, they couldn’t afford to care.
Anecdotal alcohol subjects disintegrate in liquid. Then, after entering the mold and undergoing a special transformation process, it is reborn as a giant. People’s minds are mixed, and in the process schemas arise.
That was the meaning of the stimulant Kanya bought.
It was the wind that allowed him to come to his senses even a little in the unknown darkness.
Gadlock was right. It was no different from administering an anesthetic to a dying patient.
“Unbelievable… … .”
Tess’ face was bloodless pale.
The giant’s ability schema. and their ability schema.
When I thought about it, I ran to the corner and vomited. The food I just ate spilled out.
No one scolded Tess.
Everyone was nauseous.
As Lian approached, Tess raised her hand to stop her.
Of course, Peope’s memory was not worse than the scenery of the battlefield. But the mental vomit came flooding in.
Schema is the technology of giants. But why can he open the schema? Is there a separate lineage of giants like the Nephilim? But the giant had no genitals.
“You know why I didn’t tell you?”
Kanya muttered sadly.
Some call it a blessing, others call it a curse.
No one wanted to talk about this event, where opinions were divided even among subjects and cults.
“According to the law, humans are born of giants. So, back to being a giant again. That’s the anecdote.”
Even if Kanya’s words were true, he couldn’t accept them. The alcohol in the anecdote that Sirone witnessed was a monster that could not be hidden by any makeup.
I finally realized.
The anecdotal liquor practiced in heaven was a technique of cutting out giants using human flesh and organs as raw materials.
(end of volume 8)
—————————————

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-196.txt
=============YYYYY=============
Please enable JavaScript
[196] 1. Divine Mercy (1)
anecdotal drink.
A spell that melts humans into giants.
The idea of merging multiple entities into one had no room for the dignity of living things.
Creatures spread offspring. But Heaven’s witchcraft was reversing the structure of such creatures.
It controls the lifespan of the subjects with the lifespan, and when the number of objects increases, it integrates them into giants to maintain the population.
If that is Ra’s will, Ilhwa’s sake could be said to be the core system that maintains Heaven.
Sirone and the others gathered at the table and started a meeting. The tension was heightened by the encounter with the cruel thoughts of Heaven.
First of all, it was Peope’s treatment.
Kanya’s house would not be safe if she left during the memory transfer and reported to the superiors.
“You have to leave right now. Peope will bring more troops.”
Kanis was on the side of having to move.
Peope’s skills weren’t great, but it was also true that she was only one year old.
It was better to avoid combat unless you knew what abilities the other fairies might have.
“You don’t have to worry too much. Sirone is a Nephilim. According to the law, the Nephilim are not affected by the law. The fairy will not harm Sirone.”
Kanya, a subject, believed in the law like stone. But she had no one to answer her words.
What I learned after coming here is that the Nephilim are not omnipotent. It is obviously free from the laws of heaven, but because of that, the opposition when involved in the laws was severe.
“Sirone, you decide. We will do as you please.”
Amy gave the choice to Sirone. From Heaven’s point of view, heresy was like a foreign substance. At least, if he wanted to do something with her, he had no choice but to put Sirone as her face madam.
“I’d rather stay here tonight. I don’t think Peope will snitch on us. There’s no reason for that. Besides, since there is a metagate, you can run away in the worst case scenario.”
Sirone trusted Feope. Although his personality was eccentric, he reduced the lifespan of Kanya and Lena to one year.
It was unlikely that she, who had a high level of intellect capable of self-criticism, would develop her work out of emotions.
More than that, Kanya was worried. Now, tomorrow, Kanya’s mother will receive the anecdote’s drink.
To a human being who indulged only in the existence of his own country for the rest of his life, it was fear to become one with other human beings.
“I can see why you were reluctant to tell the anecdote. But Kanya, do you really think so? The alcohol of the anecdote I confirmed was… … .”
“I know, that is absurd. I know.”
Kanya readily admitted.
It was a radical statement for her, who had described Ilhwa’s alcohol as a sacred technique just a moment ago.
But Sirone didn’t think it was strange. This is because beliefs and emotions are separate realms.
“I am not stupid. I’d be lying if I said I never doubted it. But what difference would that make? If you don’t believe in God you die. If you believe in God, you will get eternal life. I don’t have a choice.”
Kanya spoke the word death for the first time. He knew that death existed in Heaven.
“If you are going to stay here, I will provide you with a place to rest. come here.”
When the button on the switchboard was pressed, the side of the building opened and a new structure flew in and connected it to Kanya’s house.
When Sirone and the others looked at each other in surprise, they said that most families had several khans.
“Whoops, Meccans love to invite guests.”
Kanya’s smile broke Sirone’s heart.
@
That night. Kanya and Lena lay in the same bed.
My heart beat so fast, as if I was running, that I couldn’t sleep.
The sisters did not cry. It was like waiting for someone to cry first.
At that moment when he was tossing and turning, Lena turned to lie down.
“Sister, will your mother not be there by tomorrow?”
Kanya looked pitifully at her sister, who had lost their mother at a young age.
As I was gently stroking her hair, Lena said something unexpected.
“If it’s Sirone’s older brother… … You can give it to your sister.”
Kanya’s eyebrows narrowed slightly. In the absurd expression, the heart that had been stabbed was also hidden a little.
“What are you talking about? Sirone is a Nephilim. How could I share my life with someone like that?”
“But my sister will never go out with a heretic. And I will never be able to meet someone like Shirone oppa again. So now is your chance Be sure to catch it.”
Kanya struggled to hold back the tears. Her sister’s feelings were conveyed in detail.
Tomorrow mom is not at home. Lena was eager to fill her void with her new family.
“Huh, but you like sirone too. If Sirone becomes your brother-in-law, he won’t be able to stand your personality. You will be jealous of me every day.”
“no! I’m serious! If you are a sister, you can yield!”
Kanya laughed. Kanya knew and Lena knew she wasn’t going to make it with Sirone anyway.
It was just a story of girls coming and going late at night.
As Lena burrowed like a cat in the rain, Kanya hugged her sister and kissed her on the forehead.
“Don’t worry, Lena. I only have you.”
Lena’s eyes narrowed.
The last night was passing like that.
@
Sirone and the others rested in the room Kanya provided.
A lot happened during the day.
Sirone and his friends were lost in their own thoughts, and there was no conversation for a while.
said Tess, pretending to cry.
“Should I go back now? So many things happened in one day. Honestly, it’s so hard here, really.”
Other people felt the same way. How many battles were fought in 12 hours?
In addition, each of the opponents had a strength that could not be seen in the original world.
Fatigue was a problem, but the secrets of heaven, which were endless no matter how much they were dug up, were also problems. His head was dizzy from so much information at once.
said Canis.
“I can’t. how did you get here Arin and I must go to the 7th Heaven Arabot.”
If it was just Shamine or sightseeing, I wouldn’t have even tried it from the beginning.
There is no way to retrieve the metagate once you have arrived in heaven. Therefore, what they paid for the ticket was an ancient weapon.
Amy hugged the pillow and lay down.
“But isn’t Arabot the place where the gods live? It’s probably the hardest place to get into even in heaven. How the hell are you going there?”
“I’ll take care of it, so you don’t have to worry about it. If you’re afraid to go, you’d rather wait here.”
“What? Are you blatantly ignoring it? Can we just go back first?”
“That’s even worse. If you activate the metagate here, the memories will be reset. Memories are disposable. Even if we stay, there will be no way to go back.”
Amy sat up, hitting the floor with her pillow.
“what? Was it really like that? After all, if we want to go back, you mean we have to take you, right?”
“okay. Didn’t you know that until now, pumpkin?”
“What, pumpkin? Have you ever seen such a pretty pumpkin?”
“I saw it. I think that’s what’s attached to your neck right now.”
Amy grinded her teeth. She couldn’t tell if it was a compliment or an insult, but she knew it was Kanis who had her mouth shut.
Sirone hugged the pillow and sat down.
“I have no intention of going back yet. But Kanis, the timing to use the metagate should be reasonable. If anything other than survival remains in your head, you will hesitate at the crucial moment.”
“Heh, I know that much. You can leave it to Arin. If it really gets dangerous, it’s heaven and I’ll go back unconditionally.”
“by the way… … .”
Tess propped her head up and rolled over on her side. The curves of her body from head to toe were overwhelming.
‘Adult… … I’m an adult.’
‘Tess, you’re an adult.’
The children’s eyes were focused on one place, but Tess didn’t care as if she was used to it.
“How are lifespans controlled here? Are you saying that there really is such a thing as a god and that he can change a person’s lifespan at will?”
The children were lost in thought.
“I think it’s like magic. I felt the same way when I was fighting with Marsha-noona, but it seems that nothing is impossible with magic.”
Clearly, Clay Marsha’s ability was beyond imagination. But Amy, whom she fought alongside, viewed negatively.
“Hmm, eating out of the rules. Reducing lifespan may be possible depending on the cost and conditions, but what about eternal life? No magic can increase lifespan. Because it transcends human limitations.”
“is it? I guess there might be a way. Mmm.”
Arin said.
“Why is everyone thinking critically? Maybe Ra is really a god. Even if he didn’t create the world, wouldn’t he at least be close to God?”
“That’s a bit strange too. If he really is a god, why would he need a name to control his lifespan?”
As Amy said, a name is just a title given by humans. It was unreasonable to think that a being who depended on human language was elevated to the divine level.
Sirone said.
“Besides, don’t you think the sake of anecdotes is evil? For whatever reason, you treat human life like an object. Ra could simply be controlling the lifespan to manage heaven. It just doesn’t make sense for God to rule the world.”
The friends realized that Sirone viewed Heaven negatively. Good and evil are human concepts and are flexible according to the environment. Making value judgments was something that had to be prudent until the very end.
said Tess.
“But there is nothing we can do. It’s the life they choose and their culture. In particular, religion is an idea that has an absolute position in a culture.”
“No, it is not a religion. As we just said, Ra is not a god.”
“It doesn’t matter. It doesn’t matter if it’s a dictator, not a god. After all, Ra has the ability to control life. What could be more important than that in religion?”
Sirone seemed to have more to say, but eventually swallowed.
As Amy watched, she realized that Sirone was still looking for a way to save Kanya’s mother.
I liked that kind of sirone, but now was the time to be calm.
“What are you going to do, Sirone? Tomorrow, the drinking of the anecdote will proceed. As Tess said, it was the subject’s choice. It’s not something that can simply be called unreasonable by our standards.”
“But Miro said he denied the law.”
“Sirone, that’s… … .”
“know. I’m not trying to bury her thoughts. The feeling I received is also becoming similar. I think I can understand her to some extent now.”
Sirone recalled the story about the maze she had heard at Nord’s Shelter. Even though her labyrinth denied her law, her old man said her mother did not hate her.
If subjects are nothing more than subservient beings to Ra, how should we take that word? What did Miro see and feel in heaven?
What is certain is that when tomorrow comes, Sirone will have no choice but to make a choice.
Maybe the maze… … may not have been wrong.
@
1st Thousand Sharma.
The 73rd branch of the Fairy Department for managing subjects.
The Fairy Department where Feope works was located on the outskirts of Purgatory among Sharmaines. Hundreds of houses were built on a huge tree called the World Tree, and small fairies flew between them like larks.
Feope entered the depths of the World Tree.
The head fairy’s dwelling was much smaller than a human’s house, but it was as charming and splendid as it was.
When I opened the door and entered, Lee Ki-rin, the head of the Fairy Department, was sitting on a chair with her wings folded. She wore heavy eye makeup, and her cheeks were emblazoned with a pattern of golden vines.
Although she was a fairy born from authority, she was an adult who could not be matched by Peope, even considering her age. In particular, his beautiful appearance drew admiration from other fairies.
—————————————

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-197.txt
=============YYYYY=============
[197] 1. Divine Mercy (2)
“Boss, I’m back.”
“okay. You are the spiral fairy Peopero.”
“yes. You remember.”
“That’s natural. No fairies have been born since you were born a year ago.”
Feope became sullen. The youngest of the 72nd class of fairies. That was the only reason Girin remembered her.
Since fairies are female, they cannot reproduce. In order to maintain the species, there was no choice but to wait for a new entity to be born, and Peope was the first fairy born in about 10 years.
“What happened to the fugitive? Did you say Kanya and Lena?”
“yes. I heard the confession, and I responded obediently after investigating it.”
“So what about the verdict?”
“Both of them were sentenced to a one-year cut.”
“1 year?”
When Gi-rin made an expression of disapproval, Peope swallowed. He has no doubts about his judgment. However, as a beginner, he could not guarantee whether he had made the right decision.
“Although you are still young, you are also an enforcer of the law. will have to respect But I want to ask you this. Was there no external pressure?”
“yes. I mean.”
Although he received a threat to his life from Sirone, it did not lead to external pressure. He was sentenced to one year because he realized that excessive sentences were unreasonable.
Gi-rin looked at Feope with suspicion.
So far, there has never been a sentence of one year reduction in life expectancy for escaping from purgatory. His judgment was fresh for a fairy who was only a year old.
“Has there been anything else special? I heard that a heretic followed in the footsteps of the subjects.”
Feope was conflicted. Strictly speaking, those who accompanied Kanya were Nephilim, not heretics.
However, if you tell it from beginning to end, there is room for interpretation that is different from the facts. And that wasn’t what Peope wanted.
“I have never seen heresy.”
Girin waited for the next words. It was a situation that required further explanation.
However, there was no comment from Peope.
Girin sighed and shook his hand.
“Yeah, good job. Get out and see.”
“yes. Rest in peace, boss.”
Feope lowered her head and stepped back.
As the door to the house closed, Lee Ki-rin looked up into the air. Then, she asked Mer, the fairy of truth, who was her aide.
“How did it go?”
“Peope spoke only the truth. But, I don’t think I’ve told you all the facts.”
“Perhaps it was. What the hell happened? It’s still a period where we have to learn a lot, but I’m worried that my subjectivity has become stronger since I was young.”
Ki-rin rested her chin on her chin and was lost in thought.
“Learn about the people who entered heaven along with the subjects. If you go to the Mecca headquarters, there will be detailed records.”
“I will leave now.”
After answering that, Mer escaped through the hole in the ceiling.
Lee Ki-rin crossed her legs and rubbed her forehead.
Area 73 was an accident-free area famous for being quiet. A human who was neither a heretic nor a subject entered such a place.
Her intuition, having lived for 3,000 years, reminded her of one heretic.
“Adrias Miro… … .”
@
“Whoa, I thought I was going to die from trembling.”
Peope headed home with a tired body.
I’ve lived for a year, so I’m sure I’ll get used to it, but I couldn’t help it that my body stiffened every time I met Lee Ki-rin.
Especially when I had to make a decision on my own, like today, the pressure was even more severe.
“Haa, even the enforcers of the law have a hard time.”
“Knock-knock! What’s hard about dealing with Shinmin? It’s all because you can’t come.”
The sound from behind made Peope frown. When I turned my head, the three fairies were undoubtedly approaching with a sneer.
It is said that they were the youngest children before Feope was born. The fairies born from conception do not have blood relatives, but they were called the three sisters because they were born at the same time.
“Hello, senior.”
Feope forced a smile. Then the impression of the three fairy sisters became more ferocious.
Their faces weren’t like that from the beginning.
Fairies who are born out of emotion can easily show their change of heart.
Any fairy would inevitably change like that after 10 years of living as the youngest.
“I heard about it. A one-year sentence? Have you been swayed by humans? I know everything even if I don’t see it.”
“no. I really thought so.”
“Oh, so? So, what a stupid decision. Now you are officially a Hogu. You better not think that your subjects will respect you in the future!”
The three fairy sisters covered their mouths and laughed.
Feope was angry, but could not express it. If he is taken by his immediate senior, he will suffer for his whole life. That lifetime was at least 10,000 years.
I have no choice but to endure and endure. When the next youngest was born, they would also leave themselves alone.
“Anyway, do it right. Back in the day, kids like you weren’t even allowed to be enforcers. Jung is not born well these days, so I look after him at least. I mean, squeeze more of the subjects.”
“I am doing that.”
“What do you do? What do you say back that you, who was born only a year ago, know something?”
Feope kept her mouth shut.
They had just passed 10 years, so it was speculative to give them advice, but there was no way for a one-year-old to speak out in the fairy world, a thoroughly class society.
“okay? It’s supposed to make us afraid. So that the subjects follow. Be careful not to let this happen in the future.”
When the three fairy sisters threatened and left, Feope felt 10 years old.
Maybe that’s why it seemed like I could have a fight with them now.
Of course, it was only possible in my imagination.
“Whoa, I’m tired. I want to go home quickly.”
Feope’s flight staggered.
@
the next morning.
The central square of District 73, Shamine, where Ilhwa’s sake is waiting, has been busy since morning.
The Mecca checked the device, and the Norse checked the magic applied to the technique.
As Kergoin led the subjects and started rehearsing, Sirone held on to her swelling heart.
Rehearsal for an event where a person dies. How insignificant does the god of heaven regard human life?
When preparations were complete, subjects said goodbye to their families, including Kanya and Lena.
“mom! mom!”
Lena’s tears didn’t stop. Even her valiant Kanya, she was now just her poor daughter leaving her mother behind.
As the time for the magic to begin approached, Kanya took Epines and Corfin from her bosom.
“Drink this. It will help.”
Sirone knew what Kanya was passing.
After learning what Ilhwa’s alcohol was, thinking about it made my heart feel even more lethargic.
What are the benefits of stimulants and tranquilizers?
No, I don’t know. There was no way to know how their minds were transformed when their brains melted and they became giants.
Maybe it’s better than nothing.
For parents, there is nothing more courageous than the medicine their children have given them.
When the preparations to start the magic were over, the subjects spread out in a circle around the statue.
It was no different from the scenery seen in Peope’s memory, but the difference was that there were 10 subjects.
According to Kanya, the executor of the anecdote is the oldest person in the district. Being old means that he has been granted a continuous lifespan, so he could be said to be the most faithful among his subjects.
Again, the executioner was Kergoin.
He had the appearance of a sturdy young man, but he was said to be one hundred and eighty-seven years old.
Even among the Kergo tribe, it was heard that he belonged to the noble class and was going to gain eternal life sooner or later and go to Shehakim, the 3rd millennium.
“From now on, we will implement the sake of anecdote! Subjects to come out!”
Ten subjects approached the glass marbles.
I’d be lying if I said it wasn’t scary. Being melted into a strange drug and being merged into one was the most disgusting and fearful death for humans.
“mom! mom!”
The moment Kanya was about to run away, her father caught her.
Clearly, despite hearing her daughter’s voice, the mother did not look back.
Everyone was doing something similar.
The subject smiles for the family, and the family hides their sadness for the subject.
Sirone didn’t think it was beautiful.
I don’t know what value Ilhwa’s sake has to the subjects, but it was a mistake to admit such witchcraft.
Subjects undressed and entered the glass marbles. Then, sitting on the cold glass floor, I closed my eyes and prayed.
Sirone’s anger surged.
What are you praying for? What praise can you give to the god who drove you to your death?
“This is murder. It is unacceptable.”
Sirone finally let it out. This was the conclusion I came to after much thought since last night.
We need to stop drinking alcohol.
Anyone would understand that it was murder.
Sirone walked to the statue. He intended to stop the spell before the subjects died.
Tess grabbed Sirone’s wrist.
“Sirone, wait. I’m angry too. But this isn’t the world we live in. There is a saying that in that country you have to follow the laws of that country.”
“I don’t know who said that, but it’s just human thinking. Kanya’s mother did nothing wrong. Her being killed in this way should not happen under any circumstances.”
“So what can we do? Even if I dry the alcohol of the anecdote, Kanya’s mother’s life span is until today. Even if we try to save it, only we will be in danger.”
“No, it is not. Maybe Kanya’s mother won’t die today.”
“what? What are you talking about?”
The reason why the sake of anecdote is practiced amidst the suspicion of the subjects is that Ra controls the life span. The fact that I will die today anyway makes me follow the law.
But Sirone said the law was wrong. If there is indeed an error in the anecdote, the subjects are being deceived. it’s an obvious scam If so, there was plenty of room to change the situation.
“Inject the fuel of life! Let’s start drinking anecdotes.”
The executioner shouted, and Kergoin became busy. Once the water is full, there is no second chance. I don’t know when the body disintegrates, but drowning came first.
Sirone shouted as Kergoin approached the device.
“wait! The alcohol of Ilhwa is unacceptable!”
The eyes of the subjects were focused on Sirone.
It was easy to spot him standing alone in the clearing. But he couldn’t understand the meaning because he didn’t know the language.
Sirone looked back at Arin. He meant to translate. Reluctantly, Arin sighed and approached.
She knows better than anyone that Sirone has a prudent personality. Her decision meant that she would not back down under any circumstances.
Arin expanded the Spirit Zone. Spirit-type wizards are specialized in tentacle types, but when dealing with the public, there was no problem just expanding the zone like this.
Sirone repeated what she said earlier.
Language penetrated the minds of the subjects. It was a fairy-like ability, so no one was surprised. But I couldn’t get over the meaning of the words.
There was hostility in the eyes of the subjects. It was the logic of heresy to regard the worship of Ra as evil.
The executioner could not hide his anger and fired.
“What kind of qualifications do you have that you can’t tolerate magic? Are you not a citizen? Do you want to face death without a chance of resurrection?”
“I am a Nephilim.”
The hall instantly became quiet.
Even in the original world, Immortal Function is not a level that anyone can reach.
It was at least the first time in their lives that the Nephilim appeared in Area 73.
Even the executioner was embarrassed.
Up until now, he had faithfully carried out the duties of Ra and rose to this position. The age of 187 was like a medal for him.
However, even such a medal could not even hold out a business card in front of the Nephilim.
The Nephilim are descendants of angels.
Although they said that they could not be involved in the law, they were different from the subjects from birth.
“The Nephilim… … Why is Ilhwa’s alcohol objectionable? This is a divine law.”
—————————————

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-198.txt
=============YYYYY=============
[198] 1. Divine Mercy (3)
“The law? Is there perhaps murder in your law?”
“Of course. A subject can never harm a subject. If you commit murder, you will be severely punished according to the verdict of the Ministry of Home Affairs.”
“Then what are you doing right now? Why do you proceed with the sake of anecdotes when there is murder in the law?”
“I don’t understand what you mean. Are they really Nephilim? Aren’t you saying something like heresy?”
“It doesn’t matter if it’s Nephilim or whatever. I don’t know my lifespan That’s why you can live each day to the best of your ability. But look at them. alive but not alive How is this different from the murder you are talking about?”
There was no voice of criticism or sympathy from the people. But the atmosphere was getting hotter.
It is a contradiction that any subject must have felt at least once.
The drinking of anecdotes certainly seems absurd. But the reason no one rejected it was that inertia lasting for hundreds of thousands of years was at work.
Until now, the number of people who became giants with the sake of anecdotes cannot be counted. The fact that everyone has done it and will continue to do so was blocking the judgment of the subjects.
“You who deny the law of Ra, we are born of giants. The sake of anecdote is a divine arrangement that brings us back to life. Do you want your existence to perish forever? If there is such a person among the subjects, come out. I will ask you to do it myself.”
No one came forward. According to a fact handed down from long ago by the subjects, the giants made from the anecdote’s sake traveled through purgatory and returned to disintegrate into individual entities.
It is better to live forever than to die. If I have to die inevitably, I want to leave room for me to come back.
that is life
It was controlling life in such a way.
The enforcer, satisfied with his subjects’ silence, pointed at Sirone and shouted.
“You are a heretic! No, even if you say Nephilim, you don’t have the right to get involved in the law! Arrest all authors! Make him pay for blaspheming the sacredness of Ra!”
“Sirone, things are complicated! You have to dodge it now.”
Amy grabbed Sirone’s hand. But Sirone shook her hand and kept her place.
“No, I won’t go. We have to save her Kanya, her mother, and her her.”
About 10 Kergoins drew swords and ran from the front. They were as fast as cheetahs using the giant’s skills.
Sirone dug into their center. Kergoin in the lead raised her sword. The rearguard also surrounded Sirone and brandished his sword.
At that point, Sirone’s berserk explosion exploded.
A curtain of light hit the Kergoins. The mass contained in the photon was so small that at first it only tingled, but when it struck at a speed of 20 times per second, the body felt like it would tear itself apart.
All the Kergoins that were besieging Sirone were thrown back.
Sliding on the ground dragging their buttocks, they all looked at Sirone with amazement in their eyes.
“Yes, the Nephilim? Are you really saying they were Nephilim?”
Light magic was very effective in psychological terms. It was a phenomenon that only angels could realize, and it was magic that imprinted the fact that Sirone was a Nephilim.
Driven by momentum, Sirone concentrated her photon cannon.
The moment the executioner felt a sense of danger and blocked the bronze statue, a flash of light came out from Sirone.
The executioner twisted his body with an animal reaction speed. I felt the crushing pain in my intestines as the flash passed through my side.
But the pain was an afterthought.
When the photon cannon struck the statue of a giant, a magnificent echo spread as if it had struck a bell.
The subjects covered their ears and backed away from the sound waves vibrating in the hall.
I was shouting something loudly, but the tinnitus that remained in my ears was louder than the sound of words.
Even so, the statue of the giant was intact.
The power of the Photon Cannon was enough to crush even an iron door, but there was not even a wrinkle on the statue.
Joy filled the eyes of the subjects.
“Oh oh! Ankera! Save us!”
“Do not forsake us! Eternal life, eternal life!”
As the situation escalated, Amy stepped forward. Somehow she brought Sirone and she had to get out of this place.
At that moment, Lian grabbed my shoulder and turned me around.
“wait. Sirone is not over yet.”
“That’s not the problem. If we don’t run away quickly, we’ll have to fight them.”
“Then can we fight?”
Amy then turned her head. It has nothing to do with the friendship she has shared so far. The present Lian was only a knight of Sirone.
“Why are you doing that, Lian? Is there anything you want to say?”
“there is. you guys are weird now What are you going to do with Sirone?”
“Of course you have to run away. When we become enemies in heaven, there is no one to help us.”
“And who is Kanya’s mother?”
Amy’s heart sank. It was because she realized herself not being able to feel the reality of someone’s death.
“Sirone is trying to save Kanya’s mother. As he did for Marsha’s sister, who was his enemy, as he did for the magic school students. But why aren’t you trying to help? hopefully you Do you think we are not responsible for the deaths of people here because this is not our world?”
“ah… … .”
Ryan’s analysis was correct. Since it is a place where different rules and laws apply, I thought there was no reason to take on the death they chose.
“Amy, whether this is paradise or wherever, it is happening right in front of our eyes. Sirone said he could save Kanya’s mother. That is why I will fight alongside Sirone.”
Amy looked around the square. Surrounding Sirone were Meccans armed with Cigna and Xd, and Norse wielding ancient magic.
The human mind is not insignificant. Even if this place was heaven, the truth of life could not change.
A look of conflict disappeared from Amy’s face.
“I also believe in Sirone. Let’s go, Lian.”
As Amy threw herself, her friends immediately followed.
A light flashed in the place where the subjects surrounded Sirone, and about a dozen people scattered outside. When Sirone, who cast a berserker, appeared, Amy leaned back and asked.
“are you okay? Are you hurt anywhere?”
“uh. Cigna and Exd are weak against long distances, and most of the ancient magic seems to be wind-type. It’s weak too. You seem to be less capable than Clove.”
From Heaven’s point of view, purgatory was hell.
No matter how poor Clove’s skills were, since he was a mage who traversed the harsh purgatory, it could be said that his level was higher than that of those here.
Sirone and the others received the attack of the subjects from their respective positions.
The problem is that it is not easy to counterattack. In a situation where the subjects had to be persuaded, if a dead person appeared, there was room for exacerbation of the situation.
“Sheesh! It bothers me.”
Canis cast a shadow wall with her hands on the floor.
Sharp thorns protruded from the surface of the shadow rising like a castle wall.
The Mecha people blocked it with Xed, but they also had no way to attack.
-Sirone, I can’t hold out forever. I have to make a decision now.
Sirone’s thoughts became complicated. He said there was actually one way he could end the battle without fighting.
It was the lighting magic Shining.
If you instantly block the enemy’s view by shooting an intense light, the atmosphere of battle cools down rapidly.
‘But is it possible only with Shining?’
The biggest problem was that it was broad daylight. No matter how much the intensity of light was increased, it could not beat sunlight.
The reason it was difficult to make light stronger than the sun was because of the vibrating nature of light.
The number of photons contained in a single area must be maximized, but the oscillating light has limitations in compression.
‘How can I increase the light intensity?’
At that moment, Sirone’s eyes flashed.
You cannot stop the vibration of light. However, it may be possible to emit light stronger than the sun.
– Close your eyes! I’m going to cast Shining!
Sirone stopped moving and went into the Spirit Zone. Particles of light began to gather rapidly.
Her friends closed their eyes, but Canis, who was building a shield, looked back at Sirone.
‘What is that? Why is the light like that?’
The light converging on Sirone was much dimmer than the previous Shining. The weak light means that the luminescence has been reduced. After all, it meant that the vibrations were being suppressed in some way.
‘I unified the polarization direction.’
Some particles vibrate vertically and some vibrate horizontally. Sirone unified the direction of the vibration of light by applying gravity to photons.
The results were phenomenal. A naturally impossible number of photons was converging on one point. The color of the light was also closer to gray because it was more stable than ordinary photons. When Shining started to emit white light, it boasted a density dozens of times higher than normal.
– Cast it now!
Sirone closed her eyes tightly and let go of the control of the photons. Particles of light radiated in all directions like a humped colt.
The brightness of the white light that devours the world reached a whopping 300,000 lumens. It was more than twice as intense as looking straight into the midday sun.
Sirone realized that the magic had succeeded without looking.
The light was so intense that I could vaguely distinguish the shades even with my eyes closed.
‘done! It’s real!’
God Particles were the core principle of Sirone’s magic.
A photon cannon of mass, a laser of energy. And this time, it was a Shining Impact that compressed photons to create a flash explosion.
It was non-lethal magic that could incapacitate living things regardless of time and place because it transcended the intensity of natural light.
Even after the light disappeared, the subjects had their eyes closed. Fearing that he might be attacked, he was leaning back and covering his face with his arms.
Silence passed.
Sirone and the others opened their eyes first, and then the subjects also raised their eyelids and looked left and right.
“Yes, the Nephilim. You are the Nephilim.”
As someone muttered, the Mechas began to drop their weapons one by one.
Shining Impact had an effect beyond stopping the battle.
Even if you make a contract with the light spirit, it is impossible to create a light stronger than the sun.
If there is a possible being, it will undoubtedly be an angel handling the powers of light.
Tess wiped the sweat from under her chin.
“Whoa. Sirone, what kind of magic is this? You were surprised to find out you were going blind.”
It was said as a joke, but it was sincere. She had never been exposed to such intense light in her life.
Lian approached, sheathing his greatsword.
“Anyway, since we neutralized the enemies, that’s okay. Should I stop drinking Ilhwa now?”
“It won’t be easy. Unlike other subjects, Kergoin is not shaken.”
As Amy said, those involved in the magic law, including the enforcer, were glaring at Sirone with fierce eyes.
Of course, it was true that they were also intimidated by the power of Shining Impact.
However, if it was the power of the Nephilim, there was no reason to receive a psychological blow.
Those who only followed Ra were not afraid of the lower laws.
“Do you know how to do this without incident, Nephilim? You have disturbed the sacred law of Ra. If you move in the internal government, your lifespan will end as of today.”
“If you can, do whatever you can. You cannot control my lifespan, which even I do not know about.”
The executioner’s nose twisted.
I wanted to slit my throat right away, but to be honest, I had no intention of fighting.
It is 187 years obtained by devoting one’s whole life. Eternal life is now in front of him, but he could not end his life here.
There was a red aura on Sirone’s palm.
Now that the subjects were frightened, this was the last chance. Rather than inciting anger with a photon cannon, it was a strategy to clearly destroy it with a laser.
As the beam of red light reached the statue, the subjects backed away in fright.
But no one rushed further. If Sirone was a Nephilim, he would not be able to do anything in the line of the subjects.
—————————————

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-199.txt
=============YYYYY=============
Please enable JavaScript
[199] 1. Divine Mercy (4)
As the area hit by the laser heated up, the statue began to shake as if it were about to burst.
“Unbelievable. How could this happen… … !”
The executioner gnashed his teeth. He couldn’t attack Sirone or prevent the statue from being destroyed.
At that moment, a thunderclap was heard in the sky.
Blue electric lights fell in bundles and heated up the surroundings of Sirone.
As the floor exploded, dust rose.
The executioner confirmed where the lightning had come from. A group of fairies were flying in from the entrance of the plaza.
Even from a distance, Sirone spotted the fairy at the center of the group at a glance.
Only she was glowing golden, and her face with makeup was also beautiful.
It was Lee Ki-rin, the head of the People’s Management Department.
Friends lined up around Sirone. The tension that he couldn’t feel while fighting the subjects made his blood run fast.
The curious thing is that the preemptive strike was electricity.
Since electricity is an attribute close to spirits, it was not something that fairies could control.
– Who struck the thunderbolt?
– I don’t know yet. But there must be a fairy in the group who deals with friction.
It is possible to cause a thunderbolt by rubbing electric charges in the air. As electricity flowed depending on the placement of the charges, it was natural that the accuracy would drop.
Rian drew his greatsword and walked away.
“Are the fairy troops all out? The thing has finally come.”
Sirone was already expecting it. Since the law of heaven was broken, it was normal for the courtiers to be dispatched.
The subjects retreated to the left and right, opening the way for Lee Gi-rin.
The fairies that flew proudly from Bomudo confronted Sirone and the others at a distance of 10 meters.
Sirone saw Peope standing at the end of the group of fairies.
Unlike other fairies, she was staring straight ahead with blind eyes. She didn’t know why she had to be here.
Girin pointed at Sirone and the others.
“It is you, those who entered the kingdom of heaven by impersonating the Nephilim. That alone is a felony, so are you trying to sabotage the sacred anecdote now?”
The executioner’s expression changed to a puzzled one. Are you saying that he was impersonating the Nephilim, not the Nephilim?
However, the ability the boy had just cast was clearly an angel’s. If not the Nephilim, how could they handle the light?
“Lee Ki-rin, are you saying that these are cults? The author clearly used the power of light.”
“Don’t be fooled. The land country has technology that handles light magic. Besides, other people are heretics that don’t even need to be verified. That’s how he tried to trick even the fairies.”
Canis’ eyes hardened.
Listening to them, they also investigated themselves in detail. In addition, the fact that Peo Pe, who lacked her fighting power, was with her was proof that she had told the truth.
“Damn, that’s why I said I had to leave. That fairy betrayed you. I didn’t believe it in the first place.”
Feope wrinkled her brow.
betrayal? He only received Gi-rin’s order and followed it without hesitation. I didn’t even know they were there until I arrived.
“joy! okay! I told you everything! You are now dead! That should have been enough!”
I had no intention of claiming innocence to humans anyway. Rather, Feope took on the crime she hadn’t committed and raised the stakes even more.
“I didn’t betray you.”
Sirone said.
“Peope made the right decision. There’s no reason for a fairy like that to come and undermine your beliefs.”
Peope was excited and turned her head. Now, even if I said that, it means he was offended.
But there were many thoughts in my head.
right verdict. belief.
These were values that had never been acknowledged by seniors until now.
Girin didn’t care. If you live more than 3,000 years, you can divide concepts more finely than humans.
If a human could list a hundred kinds of love, she could probably classify it into ten thousand.
At that point, all events become independent.
Stealing someone else’s house is not a thief.
Even if you break the lock on that house, you are not a thief.
Even if you break the lock and go inside, you may not be a thief. Even if you pick up anything there, you are not a thief.
The concept of a thief is perfectly established when he comes out with the item he picked up.
It was an impossible cognitive ability for humans who try to predict the whole from some events.
In that sense, the conversation between Sirone and Peope was only an independent event from the current situation.
“I am Lee Gi-rin, a fairy of authority, the head of the People’s Management Department. The sin of entering heaven by impersonating the Nephilim on the subject of heresy. All of your life spans are cut short for the crime of sabotaging the noble anecdote.”
A wrinkle formed on Sirone’s forehead.
“Is it always like that? Are you killing people just because you don’t like them? The same goes for the sake of anecdotes. Why are you driving your subjects to their deaths?”
“You were born of giants. Why is it so unfair to go back?”
“It’s bullshit. No parent asks their child for their flesh back.”
“To sow in the ground is to reap and eat. The reason organisms die is to feed other organisms. You too are only beings bound by this law.”
“To sow seeds is to bear new seeds. Creatures die to give other creatures a chance. Humans thrive like that. A life without meaning is the same as being dead.”
Girin let out a sad sigh. Why can’t this intuition be wrong? It was no coincidence that Miro’s face passed by Sirone.
“This is heresy. He’s a human who shouldn’t have sex. what are you doing! Start drinking anecdotes right away!”
As if Girin had waited for an order, the executioner moved.
When the switch was turned off, black water began to fill the 10 glass marbles.
“Damn it! I do not have time! We have to stop it now!”
Ryan and Tess ran to destroy the statue.
Girin raised her hand and commanded the fairies.
“Attack! Never let them get close to you!”
Sirone and the others entered into a battle posture.
Arin left only the channel connected to the party, and released his mental induction. Since Lee Gi-rin’s mental resonance pervaded the entire room, he didn’t need an interpreter.
The Spirit of Fire launched a preemptive strike. As she held out her hand, air spurted out like a hole in her atmosphere.
A small, solid lump of gas hit the bodies of Sirone and the others.
It wasn’t enough to penetrate the body, but it was invisible and there were so many of them that it was impossible to fight.
“stand back!”
Kanis built the Shadow Wall. Bullets of air hit the surface of the shadow wall with the sound of falling hailstones.
At that moment, a scorching noise arose from the sky.
The spirit of friction generated static electricity and struck a thunderbolt, and Harvest caught it.
Brilliant lightning bolts struck in succession, but it did not work on the magical creatures.
“Quack! Are you feeling good? Is it a new type of massage?”
Amy, with her back against the shadow wall’s barrier, floated a Jack O’Lantern over her palm.
The spheres of fire that flew into the sky increased to dozens and bombed the front indiscriminately.
Because it was Jack O’Lantern’s unique ability, the fake flame, the actual flame was only three lumps. However, as long as you didn’t know what was real, you couldn’t help but feel fear from the position of being victimized.
When Amy’s bombardment dispersed the fairies, Canis finally took the Shadow Wall.
Arin, who quickly captured the location of the fairies with an open view, suggested an operation through a mental channel.
-If fairies are spiritual beings, I have a way. You can catch it with mental shock.
Sirone thought it was plausible.
In a battle between magic and magic, they are compatible, but even fairies will not be able to help when it comes to direct attacks on the spirit.
-Is it possible? Are there many numbers?
-I’m going to cast a wide area mental shock. It takes a lot of mental power, but it’s possible at least once. Instead, lure the fairies. It’s a 20 meter radius around me.
It was difficult to drive all the fairies, but if even half of them were successful, they could win the battle.
“good! Let us also scatter!”
Each battle began.
The abilities of the fairies were also not formidable. Most of the concepts were specialized for combat, probably because they had already expected a fight.
However, if the enemies were strong, it was rather a good thing in terms of luring them.
“uh? uh?”
On the battlefield where all sorts of magic flowed, only Peope was flying around without being able to catch the direction.
It was his first real battle, and the power of the magic that came and went was different from his own.
A flash of light flashed and approached Peope.
Surprised, Feope raised both hands and prepared to use the power of the spiral.
Sirone also reflexively mounted a photon cannon.
Their eyes widened as they checked each other’s faces.
Feope bit her lip and couldn’t make up her mind. Then, Sirone also canceled the photon cannon and turned around.
Feope looked at her with a puzzled look, but he just ran towards the other fairy without saying anything.
Feope’s head fell sullenly.
-scale! No more! This is the limit!
Because fairies have the ability to fly, it was close to impossible to drive them into one place.
However, the magicians of Sirone’s party also had high-quality movements, so they were able to lure more than half of them into the realm.
-that’s enough!
Movement is a combination of time and space.
The moment in less than a second when the fairy entered the realm was the only timing for Arin to cast magic.
Arin squatted down and touched the ground with both hands. As her shadow expanded like a sinkhole, the five fairies sensed a crisis and threw their bodies.
But it was already too late.
With a pop and a mental wave, the soil splashed all at once.
The fairies lost their way and swayed, stopped their wings as if they had drank pesticide, and crashed.
With half of their power gone, the demoralized fairies started screaming and running away.
While Harvest drove them away with a claw, Lian and Tess also succeeded in breaking through Kergoin’s siege and turning the switch back to normal.
As the liquid, which had risen to about a third, was sucked back into the tank, the level of the glass bead lowered.
Subjects breathed a sigh of relief.
But even that would be torture. A sliver of hope is just another word for almost absolute despair.
“Sirone! now! Smash it with a laser!”
Sirone was already finishing preparations.
Ilhwa’s drinking stops when the statue is destroyed. With the fairies destroyed, no one would stand in his way.
The moment Sirone’s laser emitted a red light, Girin’s voice permeated the battlefield.
“As a servant of God, I command you, those without authority in the world, to kneel before me.”
When the command was over, an amazing thing happened.
As if the world was turning off, all humans knelt down. Sirone and the others were no exception.
Sirone, with her knees on the ground, was bewildered. He strained his legs to stand up, but his body felt heavy, as if he had become an elephant.
Words poured out of the mental channels.
-What happened? you can’t get up
– You said it was a fairy of authority. What does this have to do with authority?
-It’s not just magic. this is out of the norm
Even in Sirone’s opinion, the present results could not have come out if it had not been for eating out.
If so, how does it trigger?
It was not a commandment. Because it is impossible to bring hundreds of people to their knees just because they threw words.
Unlike Sirone and the others, the subjects did not even resist. He just looked up at Lee Gi-rin with awe in his eyes.
Lee Ki-rin walked leisurely between the subjects and approached the statue. And he flipped the switch himself.
As the liquid began to fill the glass beads again, the subjects’ eyes closed tightly.
The sobs of family members could be heard from somewhere.
—————————————

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-2.txt
=============YYYYY=============
Chapter 2
“I’ll try again.”
Please enable JavaScript
Vincent stepped back, but Shirone remained motionless and observed the dented spot on the tree.
Vincent, who briefly thought he might just be goofing off, shook his head to dismiss the thought.
‘He’s not the kind of kid who would play cheap tricks on his parents.’
He waited, holding back his impatience, but Shirone made no move to continue.
‘What in the world is he looking at? When it comes to chopping down trees, using your body instead of your head is much more important. Come on, pick up the axe, Shirone. You just have to hit the tree as hard as you can.’
Contrary to Vincent’s restlessness, Shirone felt a light tremor travel through his body.
“I see.”
Hit the same spot, but with a slight twist to the angle.
It was complicated to explain the principles, but it was probably one of the oldest realizations in human history.
And that realization was evolving into a more powerful form in Shirone’s understanding.
‘I think it’ll work. Hit here, like this.’
Finally, Shirone pointed to the base of the tree, where he made the dent.
“Dad.”
“Hmm?”
“Should I break it in one hit?”
“Hahaha! You’re not even halfway through yet. Do you think it’ll break with one swing?”
“With a bit of luck, who knows? It might work.”
Of course, an experienced lumberjack could break a tree in only a few hits by targeting the vulnerable part of the tree.
“Alright! Let’s trust my son’s luck!”
Regardless, Vincent went along with whatever his son had in mind.
That was because he was proud of Shirone’s ambition, regardless of whether he did it right or wrong.
“If I break this, please grant me a wish.”
“A wish?”
Vincent was anxious.
‘What if he says that he wants to study? What if he asks me to send him to an academy like the nobles?”
“Take me to the city with you this time.”
To be honest, his request frightened Vincent out of his wits. However, he didn’t reveal it in his expression and laughed back.
“If it’s just that, then that’s not too hard! I’ll grant this wish of yours!”
Shirone smiled while holding up his axe.
Then, after a while, the smile disappeared from his lips. Vincent felt a little appalled.
The sight of Shirone staring at the tree was eerie. It seemed as if he was looking at something only he could see.
The axe swung.
This time, although he aimed exactly where the previous dent was located, there was a slight alteration that normal humans would not be able to discern.
Craacck!
Vincent’s eyes widened as a sound resembling thunder rang out.
“That’s…?”
Fissures appeared in the place the axe was struck. The tree, unable to handle the weight, fell.
“Yay! I did it!”
Vincent couldn’t believe it.
What Shirone succeeded in doing was called a ‘Thunder Strike’, which was considered a legend among lumberjacks.
‘It’s a skill that even I succeed in performing only once in a blue moon or so, and by luck, that is.’
There must have been a weak or a vital spot.
A very small probability, one that existed with variables such as shape, weight, or formation deficiency.
Most lumberjacks experienced it once, but to do it consciously would be like a dream come true.
It’s not like you had to cut down a tree that way, but if you swing your axe with that thought in mind, expecting and hoping for something, you’d only get tired and give up.
It was different from the world of swordsmen, where they focused on the importance of swinging technique.
Vincent didn’t know the details, but it was a phenomenon that had already been studied amongst them. Even so, beginners among those swordmasters could not even think of attempting something like this.
“I did it! I did it!”
Shirone was more delighted to be able to enter the city than about what he’d done.
“Dad! You have to keep your promise, okay?”
Vincent’s mind, while staring blankly at his son jumping up and down, became conflicted.
‘What do I do?’
He felt lost at sea, unable to figure out whether he should be raising this child as a lumberjack or not.
The cart crossed the city gate.
As Vincent grabbed the reins, Shirone was sitting in the luggage compartment, eyes sparkling in excitement.
‘It been so long.’
Just looking at the number of people passing by on the street made his heart race.
‘We still have a lot of time.’
The luggage compartment where Shirone was seated was filled with materials and resources from the mountains.
Leathers for weapon stores, meat for the market, and intestines for herbalists or magic shops.
The road was quite long, and they would have to sell and haggle over their goods. That would take a good 4 hours.
When Vincent arrived at the market, he took a bag of meat and looked at Shirone.
“You have to come back before sunset.”
“Don’t worry. I’ve memorized all the roads.”
“Only walk on the main roads. Don’t go wandering into secluded places. If someone comes and asks why you’re alone, point to the nearest store and say you’re waiting for your dad.”
“Don’t worry. Plus, nothing happened the last time I came here.”
Vincent was heart-stricken because it seemed like he was neglecting his son, but it was inevitable because his family’s livelihood was at stake. Their bargain would have to do, for now.
The first place Shirone found himself, once he stepped outside of the shopping district, was the largest library in Creas.
The boy’s heart, looking up at the huge and magnificent building, began to beat fast.
‘Knowledge.’
Did that place hold all the knowledge written down since the beginning of history?
The way to satisfy one’s curiosity was to take a look at it for yourself, but access was prohibited to everyone except for nobles.
Two girls came out with a book in their arms, and Shirone hurriedly stepped aside.
‘They’re nobles.’
There were wicked people everywhere in the world, and among the nobles, good people existed as well.
However, when speaking about nobles, Vincent always spoke as if they were the same type of threat as goblins.
—Never oppose them or speak out of turn.
The nobles had money and power that could easily crush the lives of a commoner’s family.
‘They could. But…’
Come and read on our website wuxia worldsite. Thanks
Shirone looked back at the schoolgirls, who walked past him indifferently.
‘I just want to read a book.’
With a little bit of obstinance and eagerness, he followed the two towards the aristocratic area.
‘What kind of life are they living?’
However, that initial thought was overwhelmed by the aristocratic energy of the buildings. He couldn’t raise his head.
‘This was built for people to live in?’
Among them, the best academy was as large as several mountains combined.
Shirone stopped walking and read the antique inscription on the arch of the main gate.
Alpheas Magic Academy.
[Translator – Anwen]
[Proofreader – Harley]
‘Magic’
That one word was the only word that Shirone could not perfectly understand.
That was because, although that term was mentioned in numerous books, none could accurately describe the principles.
Unless you were a mage, explaining the workings of magic was futile. You’d only be seen as an arrogant being who thought they knew everything.
“What the…?! You, who are you?”
It was the security guard guarding the gate that shouted.
Shirone’s shabby clothes were at fault, as they stood out more since this was an aristocratic district.
“Go back! This is no place for a kid like you.”
“Oh, I’m sorry.”
Shirone ran away in a hurry, but no matter how much he ran, the wall did not end, which led Shirone to stop.
‘How wide is this thing?’
Just then, an old man’s voice was heard over the wall.
“Well, let’s talk about what magic is today.”
“No, I don’t want to! Show us magic. Show us one more!”
“Fire! The one with fire, headmaster!”
Shirone stared at the wall.
Spotting the beautiful tree peeking from the top of the wall, Shirone realized that the headmaster seemed to be teaching under the shade.
The voices sounded young.
Of course, that wasn’t strange, since nobles were taught from the moment they were born.
“Hohoho, we’ll get in trouble if we start a fire in our academy. Instead, if you get this question right, I’ll show you a fun magic trick.”
“Yay! What’s the question? Hurry up and quiz us!”
Curious, Shirone listened.
“What talent do you need the most when learning magic?”
There was a pause.
It was quite a subjective question in Shirone’s opinion, but those children were recognized for their magical talents. They came up with answers, one after another.
“Effort. Magic is so extensive that you won’t be able to learn everything, even if you study your whole life. So effort is important.”
In addition, there were other plausible answers—such as concentration and memory, but none really reached the headmaster.
He was probably harboring a smile of recognition.
“Money. You would need to buy a lot of stuff in order to learn magic.”
The children burst into laughter, and the headmaster’s laughter was also mixed in.
‘If it’s neither effort, knowledge, nor money… Then what talent do you need the most to learn magic?’
At last the headmaster spoke.
“The most important talent for learning magic is perspicacity. This is more simply known as insight.”
A second pause.
“What is an ‘insight’?”
The headmaster made a groaning sound, but soon explained with a kind tone of voice.
“Insight is more accurate than knowledge, and faster than effort.”
“Woah! Then that’s like, the greatest magic.”
“Haha! I guess it could be seen that way. No, you’re right. All magic that exists in the world began with insight. Let me give you an example. Do you know what one plus one is?”
“Of course it’s two.”
The children answered in unison, as if they were wondering how he could ask such a question.
“I see. Can you explain why one plus one equals 2?”
“Huh? Of course…”
The children said nothing.
They couldn’t figure out where to start, what to explain, and how to explain it.
Alpheas smiled.
“That strange feeling you feel now is ‘insight’. Long ago, there was a time when you didn’t know that one plus one equals two. But it’s been verified with a lot of knowledge and effort combined. But don’t you guys understand perfectly that one plus one equals two, without going through that process?”
Shirone slowly immersed himself in the story.
“Magic is a phenomenon that exists from scratch. Like the way that you know the answer is two, even when you didn’t know that one plus one equals two. The way someone puts effort and knowledge to figure it out, and the way someone, like you guys, comes to understand and realize it naturally. As such, insight is the quickest way to understand certain rules.”
“So that means we don’t have to study or try?”
“Hohoho, is that so? Does it end up being like that? But to be honest… that’s the truth.”
It’s normal for common sense to be to one’s liking, but in some cases, it is common sense because it’s easy to understand.
Shirone could guess the pressure the headmaster was feeling while speaking of this cruel reality.
“Insight is not something you can acquire with a flick of a finger. The reason why one plus one is two is because scholars have verified it over many years. Of course, there are cases where someone might realize the correct answer without going through such a process. I would call those people geniuses.”
“My mom said I’m a genius.”
“I’m sure that’s not wrong. Every human being is born with talent, and if they sharpen that talent of theirs, anyone can be a genius.”
The moment he heard that, a lump formed in Shirone’s throat. He felt overwhelmed.
—Anyone can be a genius.
But, was that really true?
Would he be given the opportunity to climb over that far-off wall?
“Yes. There, the one standing behind the wall. I’d like to hear what you think.”

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-20.txt
=============YYYYY=============
Please enable JavaScript
Please enable JavaScript
[Translator – Anwen]
Chapter 20
“How cool is it right now, Shirone?”
Siena asked, already assuming that Shirone would be on the cold side.
And she was right.
“It’s quite chilly. Almost to the point I’d call it cold.”
Considering the test site, Shirone would not have been able to feel anything beyond the chills he was already feeling.
Siena, who nodded as if she understood, began to write down her overall evaluation on the document.
Here was the gist of it.
‘Convergent type, defensive, and excellent durability. Even the size of his Spirit Zone is abnormally large.’
Siena wondered if this kind of situation was actually realistic.
Although she had been teaching for over four years, it was rare to see a Spirit Zone go beyond 30 meters.
However, this was the inevitable result of Shirone’s choice and concentration.
Like how he dug through the history books to overcome his shallow disadvantages in terms of knowledge, the only thing Shirone could do in an environment where he could not learn magic was to polish his Spirit Zone as much as he possibly could. And his efforts did not betray him.
“Well done. You can leave your Spirit Zone now. We need to have a meeting to decide which class to enroll you in, so could you wait outside for a while?”
“Yes. Thank you.”
He bowed his head and went outside to where the children were gathered.
When the door to the test site closed, the instructors who had been quiet began to speak.
“He is a very peculiar student.”
Thadd said with a face as if he did not find Shirone to his liking.
“Not peculiar, but just balanced, don’t you think?”
Siena countered.
“I’m saying he’s peculiar because everything is so well balanced. A 17-year-old boy who doesn’t know a thing about magic has a Spirit Zone that exceeds 30 meters in diameter. And not to mention he is a convergent type.
“The bigger the Spirit Zone, the lighter the density… At least that’s what usually happens… But his density is 86.7%.”
“Though we do teach students how to increase the density through techniques, this child has shown a level of mental strength not commonly seen at all. He has the same level of mental stability as a high priest training in the mountains.”
While most of the teachers were busy praising him, Thadd, who expressed critical opinions, was annoyed.
“Well, let’s not forget the fact that he’s only a student. We still have to wait and see.”
Siena asked back coldly.
“What do you mean by ‘student’? This is an academy where children come to learn. What else would he be if not a student?”
Thadd’s face turned red.
If Siena were any less pretty, he wouldn’t have put up with her insult.
While the two clashed with their eyes, the other teachers withheld from vocalizing their opinions.
Thadd of the Flames and Siena of the Ice. They were famous for always being at each other’s throats in the academy.
Alpheas intervened.
“So where should we place him? Shirone, I mean.”
Siena immediately spoke out.
“Wouldn’t Class 5 be appropriate? He has a high possibility of development along with a unique propensity, so I think he should be supervised intensively.”
Thadd immediately refuted.
“But he doesn’t know any magic. Doing that would only make him haughty and encourage him to cause trouble.”
“Though some students may possess similar characteristics like the ones you have, not all are like you, Mr. Thadd.”
“Siena! There’s a limit to how much I can put up with! Let’s be honest here. Frankly speaking, since you’re the one in charge of Class 5, you obviously want to be the one to supervise him.”
“So what? What’s the problem with that, huh? A teacher wants to guide and teach a student. Is that a problem?”
“I’m just saying, you’re being too greedy. He doesn’t know magic, and to add to that, he’s at a level where he can’t modify his Spirit Zone. The highest class we should place him in has to be Class 7, no more than that. It’s the most appropriate.”
Alpheas also asked the other instructors.
Some said that it’d be better to slowly raise him from Class 10, step by step. Others even suggested that placing him in a specific class should be put on hold for the time being.
The teacher who resembled an owl came up with a proposal.
“I think Class 7 is perfect. We have to consider his age as well. Since he is a bit older than the average new students, sending him to the Beginner’s Class would make the kids lose motivation. Wouldn’t Class 7 be okay because it also teaches basic lessons regarding the Spirit Zone? If Shirone really displays great talent, we can give him an early advancement.”
Alpheas felt that he had a point.
In order to perfect Shirone’s half-developed talent, it was rather necessary to strengthen the basics first.
“Then I’ll assign him there.”
The entrance test was over.
Class 7 was definitely a high-end class, so Shirone was able to get into a dormitory with kids his age.
Surprisingly, it was a single, private room.
Since this was an academy that nobles attended, the subsidy was beyond imagination, so convenience was a must.
Since the Ogent family became part of the sponsors, Shirone did not have to walk on eggshells.
His room was 707 in the men’s dormitory.
While nobles would have not been satisfied with it, considering the room was the size of the living room in his home in the mountains, and considering the bed and desks were all luxurious, he did not have any complaints.
There was also a bookcase nailed against the wall, though it was empty.
“Do the students here have free time?”
When Shirone asked the person who guided him to his room, the person said that he was free to do whatever he wanted as long as classes were finished for the day.
However, except for the weekends, going out was prohibited. But this was not really an issue as most convenience facilities were built inside the school as its land was so large.
The students could even create their own research groups for subjects they were interested in. And if there were more than a certain number of members, funds would even be provided.
There were a total of four libraries around the school that operated 24/7, and there were no specific restrictions on how many books one could borrow as long as the deadline was met.
Shirone was satisfied with everything.
It was the best environment to study in.
Lastly, the staff had told him about unauthorized magic.
Except in laboratories, magic after school was prohibited, especially to those who study unorthodox magic. They were punished regardless of any reason if caught practicing it without supervision.
A representative example of unorthodox magic was the Necromancer’s Soul Pact Magic. Anti-Magic was also categorized as one.
Shirone asked why Anti-Magic was prohibited, but the staff only said they didn’t know and left.
“Well, then…”
Shirone plopped on his bed and decided to plan ahead.
He thought he didn’t need to join a research group yet. There was also the problem with him being a commoner, but in addition to that, Shirone himself was unsure as to what area suited him.
“I should start visiting the library. Since I studied only history for two years, I have to now acquire a wide range of knowledge.”
Shirone was confident. He built his Core of Knowledge by suppressing his curiosity for months.
From now on, all he had to do was acquire knowledge like crazy.
Come and read on our website wuxia worldsite. Thanks
Shirone woke up due hearing the beautiful melody of a piano.
“It’s already morning.”
The sound was transmitted through a magic called Ethereal Resonance, a form of magic typically studied by students who majored in music.
However, even this masterpiece did not compare to the moment when he played with Reina.
Suddenly, the people from the Ogent family came to mind.
[Translator – Anwen]
Join our discord for updates on releases!
‘Are they doing well? Is Rian entering his first class with a nervous heart like me?’
After those thoughts and after cleaning himself up, Shirone headed to the cafeteria to eat breakfast.
In the dormitory where men and women living quarters were separated, the cafeteria was one of the only places where they could sit together.
Shirone sat in a corner.
Although conversing with people and making friends was an option, Shirone enjoyed eating in peace.
Because of this tendency, he was once teased by the children of the mountaineers for being timid.
However, there were many students who were similar to Shirone, and no one cared if someone ate their food with a fork or with their hands.
But, the issues between men and women were another thing. Shirone’s appearance attracted the attention of female students, and soon, he could hear whispers around him.
Even if he tried not to notice, it was impossible to completely block the whispers out, so Shirone finished his meal quickly and returned to his room.
Whilst walking to his class, due to the weight of the textbooks on his back, his shoulders began to hurt.
He lugged around many textbooks because there were a lot of subjects to study. And Class 7, which was the beginning of the Intermediate Classes, was where magic began to be taught.
The lessons were naturally difficult.
Compared to the nobles who had the resources to study before entering the academy, Shirone’s knowledge was limited.
However, Shirone was able to keep up because of his shallow, yet vast, Core of Knowledge.
‘My judgment was right!’
Categorizing different types of subjects using the framework he had built over 2 years really helped Shirone focus in class.
Lunchtime passed. During the afternoon, there was a combined lesson for Spirit Zone training.
From Class 7 to Class 4, 280 Intermediate students sat side by side. The training ground quickly became noisy as everyone was busy introducing themselves.
“I was able to take the test thanks to your help!”
“Here! I saved you a seat!”
At first, Shirone simply friends were chatting with friends, but after hearing some conversations, he noticed many of the conversations were between upper and lowerclassmen.
It was also common to see people who looked older greet a younger-looking student politely.
‘Even though we are all in the same Intermediate Class, things are kept strict!’
Whether certified or uncertified, a mage’s rank determined their position or job. The same could be said here. The strict barriers between upperclassmen and lowerclassmen were also proportional to their level.
Of course, there may be embarrassing situations where yesterday’s lowerclassmen may become today’s upperclassmen, but it was natural for students who were more experienced to condescend those lower than them.
‘Does that mean there’s almost no turnaround?’
Shirone felt indirectly how difficult it was to jump up a class.
The instructor of the Spirit Zone was a certified Grade 6 mage named Ethella Romie.
She was probably around her mid-20s at the most.
Simply tied back Brown hair, large glasses, and a gentle appearance that did not fit the image of an instructor.
“Alright, everyone. A new student has joined the Intermediate Class today. Shirone, stand up and introduce yourself.”
All eyes turned to look at Shirone. Of course, among those eyes were Amy’s.
“Oh, Amy! Isn’t that the boy we saw yesterday?”
Unintentionally ignoring her friend, Sharelle, who was making a fuss, Amy got lost in thought.
Despite his strong impression, enough to make him look familiar, it was her first time hearing the name Shirone.
A Class 5 student stepped in.
“Did you know? He’s the new kid who was assigned to Class 7 right away. According to my sources, the teachers are pretty interested in him.”
“Interesting. From which family is he? Do you know his family name?”
At that moment, Amy shouted.
“Damn it!”
It was her first time saying such harsh words, so Sharelle asked with a surprised look.
“Amy, what’s wrong?”
“Ah… No, it’s nothing.”
It was not nothing.
In retrospect, he was actually the one who put an end to her dark history. And whenever she thought back to it, she felt stupid.
‘Right, he did have talent. But I’m sure he was a commoner. How did he get into this academy?’
Shirone introduced himself.
“Hello, my name is Shirone Arian. Starting today, I will be taking Class 7 with you all. Please take good care of me.”
The students welcomed him with applause.
While the upperclassmen were happy that one more student was included in their list of lowerclassmen, the female students were happy for the new addition of one more good-looking male.
However, among the students, there were some who looked displeased. It was hostility toward a future competitor.
Ignoring everyone’s thoughts regarding the newcomer, Ethella began her class.
“Alright class, let’s begin. What is the Spirit Zone?”
“The mind of a mage.”
“Yes. The Spirit Zone is the embodiment of the mind. The very first form is a sphere. But in practice, the shape of a sphere might sometimes be inefficient.”
Ethella entered a magic device called ‘Image Zone.’
A magic circle with concentric circles was drawn on the smooth floor. It looked similar to the place where kids took the entrance test.
Since the floor disappeared and a black space appeared, Ethella looked like she was floating.
In that state, when her Spirit Zone with a diameter of about 10 meters was opened, students could surprisingly see that the shape of the Spirit Zone was visible.
‘This is the Image Zone I’ve only heard of!’
To materialize your mind into reality.
It was a device that could not be made without the highest level of magic engineering… And huge sums of money.
However, since the students could now physically see the Spirit Zone, it made teaching lessons in regards to the Spirit Zone a lot easier, which also helped the students excel even more.
That was one of the reasons why Alpheas Magic Academy was part of the top 5 prestigious academies in the kingdom.
Join our discord for updates on releases!
Chapter end

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-200.txt
=============YYYYY=============
Please enable JavaScript
[200] 1. Divine Mercy (5)
Sirone gritted his teeth. Other than that, there was nothing I could do.
It seems that he can cast magic, but if he casts teleportation in his current state, his body will be shattered.
‘damn! I have to move somehow.’
As time passes, Kanya’s mother dies.
No, everyone dies. The last thing left was a hideous giant whose name was unknown.
“Give up, foolish humans. No one can interfere with the Law of Ra.”
Girin all looked at the sight of the human kneeling with satisfaction.
this is authority Obedience is voluntary, not forced.
“Damn, what’s so heavy?”
Girin’s face stiffened at the sound he heard from behind the statue.
Then chin, chin and footsteps were heard. Everyone looked back at the place as if a ghost had come out.
Tess shouted, showing her color.
“Lian!”
Ryan frowned and moved on.
It seemed to weigh a ton.
Even so, the reason why they didn’t get crushed was because the load was being distributed throughout the body.
“What have you done to me? Your body is incredibly heavy.”
“How can I move… … ?”
It is not a magic that can be endured simply because it is strong. Since the load is proportional to the amount of muscle, the stronger the muscle, the heavier the body.
If it moved, there was only one possible case. You have to exert more strength than you can generate.
Of course, that too could not be seen as a normal human being.
‘You say you have more power than your body? No, it can’t be. It’s the highest skill among the giant’s techniques.’
While Girin was lost in thought, a muddy sound was heard from where Sirone and the others were.
“Hehe, that’s a very funny magic. This is why combat is fun.”
Harvest abruptly rose from Canis’ shadow.
Sirone realized after seeing the case of Lian and Harvest.
A relative load, not an absolute value, is being applied. It was important information because if the activation principle was different, the countermeasure would also be different.
“Where would you like to catch it?”
Harvest rushed at Lee Gi-rin. However, the fairy manager’s ability to fly was not to be underestimated.
Sirone, who had been lost for a while in the chase as if watching every fight, shouted at Lian.
“Rian! I do not have time! We have to break the statue!”
As Lian raised his greatsword in front of the statue, Girin’s face in flight was shocked.
Assume that the shadow chasing him is not human, but the swordsman is a human made of flesh and blood.
In order to wield a greatsword in a state of hypocrisy, the physical dominance must be close to 100%.
As Lian screamed and hit the statue, there was a bang.
The subjects were shocked, but the statue did not even have gold.
Lian gritted it.
I want to break it at random, but in the current situation, all I can do is add another blow.
“damn! If it wasn’t for some strange magic!”
The marble’s liquid was half full. Subjects closed their eyes as if they had already given up.
From their point of view, they would rather hate Lian. Everything would be comfortable by now if it hadn’t been interrupted.
Arin said through the mental channel.
– We have to find a way. Restraining the motions of hundreds of people with only the command of the tongue doesn’t fit the equivalent exchange. There will be conditions we don’t know about.
Sirone thought the same.
No matter how bizarre the ability to eat out, it was something that happened within the zero-sum of equivalent exchange.
Judging from the strength of the ability, there had to be a way to release it from being restrained.
Sirone reviewed Marsha’s advice.
Eating out is deeply related to the caster’s inclination.
Girin is a fairy of authority. Therefore, it was highly likely that it was omniscience related in some way to the concept of authority.
“Yaaaaap!”
Lian didn’t give up and kept knocking down the statue.
Every time a roar resounded, the faces of the subjects went pale one by one.
Then, at some point, Amy’s crimson eyes burned red. The memory of her self-image immediately detected changes in her body.
-Sirone, it is not a fixed binding force. A little while ago, the load was 5 kg weaker. This time 7 kg, 9 kg… … . Every time Rian swings his sword, the weight is draining away.
Sirone’s eyes flashed and shone. Through Amy’s words, I realized the description of Lee Gi-rin’s eating out.
“Rian! Keep hitting! Ilhwa’s sake is not the same as the magic of regeneration! It’s just murder!”
– Sirone! I just lost 60 kg! I hope this… … !
-okay! It’s not accurate, but I think Gi-rin quantifies his authority and uses his physical strength. The more doubters there are, the weaker the load will be.
As if to prove Sirone’s thoughts, Girin’s expression distorted.
The suspicious count suddenly soared to the sound of Ilhwa’s liquor shouting that it was murder.
It wasn’t a scream from evil. In the end, it meant that the heretics had figured out the conditions for magic to be activated.
rule-breakers.
Girin is able to hold a scale that measures trust and doubt against objects within its realm.
The moment he uttered the commandments, all living beings around him were divided into those who believed and those who doubted.
Currently, the number of subjects gathered in the central square is 318, and the ratio of believers to doubters is 293 to 25.
If everyone believes in Lee Gi-rin, the load applied per unit area is 100% of the muscle strength, so theoretically movement is impossible.
Conversely, when the percentage of trust falls below half, the ‘price of true name’ is activated, and Ki-rin must pay the price of 100% load for 24 hours.
Sirone realized why Lian’s actions affected magic. The fear of damaging the symbol of heaven was planting the seeds of doubt in the hearts of the subjects.
In fact, every time Lian hit the statue of a giant, the load was weakening slightly.
“Calm down everyone! Ilhwa’s sake is a lie! It’s a trick that kills you!”
He continued to press the subjects, but the load did not weaken any more.
Trials strengthen faith.
It was clear that while some were terrified, others were burning with more determination.
“shut up! You guys are cheating on us!”
“Kill! Kill heretics!”
The wrath of the marrow subjects reached its peak at the act of damaging the statue.
As the number of people who suddenly turned into fanatics increased, the doubters also began to change their thoughts little by little.
Even though Sirone knew this, he did not give up. He was the only resistance he could make in an immobilized situation.
“Anecdotal liquor is the liquor of regeneration? It’s your turn next! Why don’t you know that?”
“We will obey the law. It is to end the lifespan granted by Ra and return to the original body!”
Sirone gritted his teeth. Eating out of the rules and what not, the stuffiness of the people’s clogged thoughts reached the peak.
“You can buy more! The subjects of Anecdote don’t have to die today!”
Like a lie, the clamor of the subjects disappeared. Everyone was looking at Sirone with shocked expressions.
As a sign of the sudden silence, Harvest gave up the pursuit of Gi-rin.
Anyway, there is no way to win.
It was decided that it was better to shake the subjects through psychological warfare with her than to be distracted.
Irene frowned. The ratio speaks volumes about how effective this statement was.
267 to 51.
Seventeen percent of all subjects began to have doubts. The weakening of the load was such a shame that I could feel it through my skin. A sudden change in senses would also work against the preservation of authority.
“You can live? we… … Can I buy more?”
“okay. If the subjects really die at the end of their lifespan, at least we can call it a funeral. but not dying The sake of anecdotes cannot be your grave!”
– Sirone, what are you talking about?
Amy couldn’t believe it. Since the life span is absolute, wouldn’t the subjects follow? If it is an improvisation to escape the situation, it becomes difficult to cover the back.
It wasn’t something Sirone said with conviction. However, the conclusion I came to after thinking all night was that there was no possibility at all.
“I met Ethan in Purgatory. Some of them were not born in heaven. So they don’t know their lifespan. However, I do not have my life span controlled by anyone.”
“That’s of course because it’s heresy… … .”
“Wake! still don’t know I can’t because I don’t know the name. It’s not that I can’t, it’s that I can’t! If God is all-powerful, why does he need a name!”
Kirin’s face changed seriously.
229 to 89.
Authority disappears when the percentage of doubters exceeds half. There were only 70 counts left to get there.
exclaimed the executioner.
“Shut up! That too is just the principle of the law! It doesn’t change the fact that we gain eternal life or regenerate according to Ra’s will! Do not mock the subjects with heretical logic!”
“It is not the law! It’s magic! Whatever Ra’s abilities are related to magic, they can buy more!”
The word magic worked. If the holy phenomena that occur according to the law are mere magic, then the divine personage has no choice but to fall to the standard of human beings.
“How can I live longer? Do you have any evidence?”
Someone among the crowd of subjects shouted.
Kirin looked back at him fiercely. This is because the count of the suspicious person went up by 1 just now.
“I have studied the properties of time. In conclusion, time is relative. It is different for everyone here.”
Among the subjects, there were those who studied time. Norse mages and Mecca opticians.
Their number is probably around six. 222 v 96. Those who understood Sirone’s words began to doubt.
“Even if it were, what would it be?”
“If the ability to grant lifespan is related to time, it means that the lifespans of anecdotal drink subjects are not accurate. Even if the lifespan is fixed at 40 years, it is impossible to die exactly at 40 years. Because the acceptance time is flexible.”
“But it is only a hypothesis. If it is a non-magical law, we do not even have a chance to regenerate.”
“It is not a hypothesis. I can prove it. Even if the same 10 years were cut, the time of birth would be different. But why doesn’t Ilhwa’s liquor tune in to that?”
206 to 112.
There are 47 left.
Lee Ki-rin examined the glass marble. It was full of black liquid. The disintegration of the body begins from the moment of death, so if someone drowned, the magic was no different from success.
“Anecdotal liquor is murder if it can live for a few more hours, no, at least one second. It’s just an act of drowning the target and mutilating the corpse!”
The executioner widened his eyes.
“Shut up! Even if you are right, what will change! The value of life is not determined by time! Do you mean to deny Ra in order to live one more second!”
“That 1 second is the 1 second of deciding whether or not to put an end to your life! Why don’t you think of that!”
Lee Ki-rin saw that he could make up for it here.
243 vs. 75.
As expected, the number of people who turned to faith increased.
Sirone made a foolish decision. In fact, the initiative in life is not important to humans.
All they want is gain.
There is nothing to be gained from a slight increase in lifespan. The subjects will gladly jump into the sake of anecdotes, promising the future.
As if to prove the value of the scale, all of the subjects cursed Sirone.
“shit! You were almost fooled! After all, life is fixed! Nothing changed!”
“Are you talking nonsense again about the Nephilim? 1 second? What can you do with just one second? What can you do?”
—————————————

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-201.txt
=============YYYYY=============
[201] 1. Divine Mercy (6)
Sirone swayed and stood up. It is said that the load per unit area fell below 70%, but it was impossible without the mental strength of the Diamond Buddha.
The subjects looked at him with astonished eyes. It was shocking to see the diminutive Sirone stand up, as if it were a giant like Lian.
“You even give your life to God. do whatever you ask me to do But only 1 second? If only one second was so insignificant to you! That god can’t show even a second of mercy to those who believe in him!”
Lee Gi-rin bit her molars hard.
159 to 159.
The proportions of belief and doubt were exactly equal. If the count falls even one more, the authority disappears.
Lian’s movements became much lighter. If he had overcome a load that approached 100%, he could wield the greatsword at any cost of 50%.
Lian gave up the statue and tapped on a glass marble filled with black liquid. When it was struck continuously, it cracked with a crackling sound, and water leaked out.
“damn! damn!”
The more anxious he became. The amount leaking out of the cracks was not enough to prevent the victims from drowning.
The subjects who watched the precarious tightrope of life and death swallowed their saliva.
It was clear that it would have a bad effect on Lee Ki-rin. This is because human beings basically want to take the side of the weak.
Girin Lee used a last resort.
“Don’t be fooled! The scales of my heart are judging you! If anyone has any doubts here, I will personally cut your lifespan by 50 years!”
Fear, the most effective means of maintaining power, immediately restored the faith of the subjects.
216 to 102.
Her authority began to revive rapidly.
As the load intensified, Sirone’s knees bent again. He gritted his teeth and endured, but it was irresistible.
The most painful fact was that I felt with my body that the attitude of the subjects was turning around.
“Sirone… … .”
At that moment, Kanya walked over to Sirone.
Her face was pale. How could she be sane when her mother was submerged in black water?
“really… … can you buy I mean mom Can you leave with a smile in front of me, Lena and Dad?”
The subjects alternately looked at Kanya and the glass marble.
He smiles in front of his family and leaves. The time required for that was 1 second.
“of course. She said her mother is not yet dead. She can see you again and laugh.”
Tears ran down Kanya’s cheeks. It didn’t matter what it was now.
I just wanted to see my mother. She wanted to see the mother she had seen this morning one more time.
“Then save my mother, Sirone. please save my mother I mean I don’t like it. I hate seeing my mother become a giant.”
27 v. 291.
Lee Ki-rin widened his eyes at the shock that hit his brain. Her authority has gone downhill.
Before he could even let out a gasp, the master of shunning was activated.
Falling vertically, she fell to her knees on the ground. She couldn’t even lift a finger.
“Now! Everyone go and stop it!”
When the load disappeared, Sirone and the others stomped out as if they were grinding the floor.
Time was running out. No, it was already exceeded.
Lian smashed the glass marble with a full swing.
Amy switched off the fluid tank.
Tess thrusts her sword into the gap in the device, causing an explosion inside.
Families rushed in and freed the subjects from the broken glass marbles. However, it was not possible to check the condition because it was covered with sticky liquid.
The subjects approached with nervous expressions. If dead, decomposition would have proceeded.
I didn’t have the courage to look at the terrible sight with my own eyes.
The family started peeling off the fluid. Gradually, the flesh color was revealed, and eyes, nose, and lips appeared.
Fortunately, disassembly did not proceed. Upon discovering her mother, Kanya’s face was covered with her tears.
“mom mom!”
It didn’t dissolve into the liquid, but it didn’t breathe. Kanya’s father ran over and started artificial respiration.
When the airway was opened and the stomach was compressed, the thick liquid regurgitated and the mother coughed.
The subjects cheered.
At this moment, there was no law in their heads. There was only the joy that one life returned to the arms of the family.
Dang. Dang. Dang.
I heard a bell signaling the time for Ilhwa’s drinking to end.
A reverent silence fell over the central square.
The reanimated subjects looked at the servant while being supported by their families. According to the law, today is the last day of their lifespan, but no one has died yet.
2. Turbulent Age (1)
The bell rang twelve times.
The ringing of the bells became an indelible memory in the minds of the subjects gathered in the central plaza.
They were still subjects and obeyed the Law of Ra, but it was unclear whether they would be able to do so in the future.
“Boss! Are you okay?”
Feope flew to Girin.
Seeing Girin’s broken knee, Feope felt guilty. He felt ashamed of himself for not doing anything while his teammates were fighting.
Girin smiled. As if she was trying to soothe the startled heart of her long-awaited junior.
“Okay. It’s a price that was activated when the rule out was destroyed. It’s something I have to endure. Are you all right?”
“yes. I am fine.”
“I’m glad.”
Peope couldn’t bear to look into Girin’s eyes.
Even though he must have known that he did not participate in the battle, he did not even scold him and was rather concerned about his safety.
It was always a burden to deal with the manager, but at this moment, I couldn’t help but acknowledge her.
Lee Ki-rin looked at the square with disturbed eyes.
A tilted statue, shattered glass marbles, and black smoke billowing devices.
Ilhwa’s drinking was completely denied. Today was an unconventional day in heaven.
‘Maybe it will have a bigger impact than when the labyrinth came.’
The woman named Miro was much stronger than the blonde boy. But that’s what she was, so she didn’t flinch. She knew better than anyone the repercussions her actions would have on her heaven.
‘Now what? The age of cataclysm is coming. Based on today, heaven will change.’
Feope suddenly blocked Lee Gi-rin and took a fighting stance. Sirone and the others were approaching.
Ki-rin cannot move for the next 24 hours. Moreover, her knees were also smashed. Whatever the situation, she shouldn’t be afraid this time.
“Hey, go away! The fight is over! If you’re still willing to fight, I’ll deal with you myself!”
Gi-rin stopped Peope.
“It’s okay, Peope. I want to talk to this boy too.”
Embarrassed, Peope quietly gave up her seat and stood next to Gi-rin.
Sirone squatted down and made eye level as close as possible.
After seeing only the flying fairies, I finally realized the size of them when I saw them come down to the ground.
Really, it was only a handful.
Lee Gi-rin raised her chin as if there was nothing to lose.
“joy! Child of the earthly world, the fact that I have lost does not mean that the divine law has been denied. I am also a leader of the 72nd class of fairies, so today’s victory will not deify you.”
“It doesn’t matter. I just wanted to save the life of the person who helped me. Is that so wrong?”
Lee Ki-rin didn’t think it was wrong. However, considering the impact it would have on heaven in the future, it was a problem that could not be guaranteed.
Is 1 life worth more than 10 lives? It won’t be. But what about 100 million? What judgment would you make if you had 1 billion lives?
Miro knew that. That is why he withdrew from heaven. In the harsh reality of having to sacrifice one person for the many, she found the only answer.
But it wasn’t this boy. Efficiency is not considered in doing the right thing. He was probably of the opinion that human life cannot be valued.
extreme line.
Iggyin felt the same feeling that Arcane had felt before.
“Leave this place.”
It was the only thing Girin could say.
“You have caused chaos in Heaven. I can’t even predict what will happen in the future. So go away. Get out of our world as soon as possible.”
“But we… … .”
Before Sirone could finish his words, a red light flashed from the east.
The group looked back at the place with surprised expressions.
A flash of light was gushing from the second millennium Rakia. Calculated by distance, it was a tremendous amount of energy released.
Everyone in the square covered their ears.
A vibration that seemed like the world would end shook the sky.
As if struck with an awl, a flash of red light pierced the middle of the plaza. As the flash disappeared, an angel with wings of light torn to pieces appeared.
Kirin’s eyes shook in shock.
“Fallen angel Ikasa… … . Why are you here?”
The second heaven, Rakia, was the place where fallen angels were exiled.
The existence of the second heaven is allowed to enter the first heaven, but it is extremely rare for fallen angels to enter the realm of subjects. It was because their pride, once inhabitants of the Sixth Heaven, did not allow them to interact with humans.
Girin realized that the seeds of chaos planted by Sirone were already changing the laws of heaven.
“I am the lower angel Ikasa. I looked down at the wine of the sacred anecdote, confirmed the riot, and came down to this land.”
Sirone couldn’t stop shaking.
He was over 2 meters tall and had slanted eyes. She was once an angel, so her beauty remained, but her temperament was very different from what was expected.
If the angel I saw at Nord’s Shelter reminded me of the brilliant sun, the angel that appeared now gave off an atmosphere like a setting sun.
“You are the one who denied God. Abominable things. Foolish beings who do not know how much love they receive and despise God.”
Ikasa glared at Sirone with hatred.
Fallen angels were of a lower rank than the beings of the Second Heaven, and therefore the Shehakim of the Third Heaven, who had attained eternal life.
I don’t know about giants or fairies, but they’re worse than humans. Why does God care so much about humans?
The anger he had harbored for 20,000 years was on the verge of exploding.
“I will judge you on behalf of God.”
Ikasa’s asteroid expanded into a halo with a diameter of 1 meter. A huge ring of light became a rail, accelerating light particles sparkling like stars.
Kirin’s face turned pale. The fallen angel was stripped of most of his powers because of his sins, but even so, it was not a power he could handle at Sharmaine’s level.
“Ikasa-sama! It’s not possible! When the fallen angel opens the halo… … !”
“Ho-ho-ho! Heresy dies anyway! Be honored that this body takes care of itself!”
The energy emanating from Ikasa’s body made Sirone’s mind far away.
I felt a difference in power that could never be surpassed. This is not it. A being like this cannot exist in the world.
Sirone turned around with all her might. It felt like time was passing slowly, as if under a slow magic. The air exhaled from his lungs still hadn’t reached his uvula.
When he was finally ready to make a sound, there was only one thought in Sirone’s head.
“Run away!”
Arin was already holding the metagate and preparing to activate the device.
But even for her, one second was too long.
hurry! sooner! Even though I just had to press the button with my finger, the distance of 2 centimeters was not shortened.
The wind blew from behind Sirone. The metagate in Arin’s hand magically disappeared.
The group stood stunned.
Ikasa, with her left hand on her waist, stood beside Arin, holding the metagate in front of her eyes and examining it.
It wasn’t that it wasn’t visible. It wasn’t as fast as light or swift as the wind.
But it was definitely fast.
A speed somewhere in the middle between life and nature. It was proving that they were different from humans from the moment they were born.
—————————————

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-202.txt
=============YYYYY=============
Please enable JavaScript
[202] 2. The Age of Turbulence (2)
Only Arin, whose metagate was taken from a very close range, looked down at his empty hand, not understanding the situation. He didn’t even know that a fallen angel was standing right next to him.
“Hmm, is this a metagate? Even citizens are forbidden from using it. It’s quite the subject of heresy.”
Arin’s face turned pale when he heard Ikasa’s voice.
It was more than 30 meters away. But how could the metagate be stolen?
Furthermore, picking up an object while moving at high speed meant that it was accelerated only by physical force.
“Hmm, to come here with a metagate? I hope you… … Did Miro send you?”
Sirone did not answer. She instinctively felt that no information should be given to her.
“Huh, if you don’t want to talk about it, it’s fine if you don’t. If you analyze this anyway, the coordinates will come out.”
Metagate is a high-tech equipment of the Mecha tribe. If it was dismantled with Mecha’s technology, it was possible to know which coordinates were recorded without operating it.
Of course, Ikasa had already guessed. In particular, the boy’s act of stopping Ilhwa from drinking was a highlight. It was clear that they were from the home of the hateful maze.
Ikasa passed between Sirone and the others, shaking her slender figure.
It was defenseless, but no one could put a hand on it.
The place where Ikasa stopped was where the women were standing.
As the tall angel looked down, Amy was extremely intimidated. However, he did not lose his fear and continued the snowball fight until the end.
“Are you a virgin?”
Amy’s face brightened. In terms of the level of verbal violence, it was like a foul play.
“What, what?”
“Knock-knock! That’s right. Maybe you too?”
Ikasa asked, pointing alternately at Tess and Arin. The faces of the two people also turned red without exception.
“Hmm, that’s it, right? You have great patience for a human being?”
Ikasa bent down and looked closely at Arin. Black hair, black pupils, and a white face reminiscent of moonlight.
“Oh, you are from the East. very good.”
Ikasa was satisfied. At first, he came to solve the 20,000-year-old grievance, but he unexpectedly got an unexpected harvest.
The coordinates of Miro’s hometown and the three girls. At this level, the possibility of being promoted to an angel again was sufficient.
Ikasa rotated the halo to activate the power of an angel.
“Uh, huh?”
As Amy, Tess, and Arin ascended into the air, light reflexively gathered in front of Sirone’s eyes.
“no! stop!”
At the same time as the photon cannons rushed in, Canis and Harvest launched a pincer attack. Lian also raised his greatsword and charged.
Ikasa stretched out her slender finger and drew from left to right. Then all his attacks ricocheted off the invisible curtain.
Sirone shouted, unable to shake off his anxiety.
“Free the women! come down! Let’s fight us!”
Ikasa looked pathetically at the group and flew high with the three girls.
Sirone’s heart felt like it would explode.
It shouldn’t end like this. My heart couldn’t stand it when the situation ended so helplessly.
Rising through the sky, Ikasa accelerated the halo.
A fiery whirlpool was born before her eyes, and a heavy mass was born. It was an object with orange bands intersecting its black body, but I couldn’t guess what shape it was until now.
“Tabu, kill heresy. I’m going to Kariel-sama.”
“… … Yes, Ikasa-sama.”
Ikasa quickly receded into the northern sky. Amy’s voice calling someone followed her.
Sirone looked up at the sky with a distraught face. I didn’t think it was real.
It’s not that I didn’t take risks when I came to heaven. But I never thought I would be so helpless.
‘I… … Because I asked to come.’
Sirone closed her eyes tightly.
it’s your own fault He should have stopped coming to heaven in the first place. He thought he had a meta gate and he would be a little safe. It’s a stupid misunderstanding. Angels were beings beyond human imagination.
Whoops!
The black mass crashed to the ground. The surface was so smooth that it looked like a rock. However, when he stretched out his crouched body, a figure resembling a gorilla stood up.
A thin orange band was engraved in a symmetrical form, and the contrast between the colors was strangely disgusting.
You could tell it was a unicorn by the triangle floating above its head. It was much smaller than the Mara I saw at Nohr’s Shelter, but I didn’t think it was weak.
“Kekeke! i am taboo It’s been a long time since we’ve had a battle, so let’s enjoy it.”
Sirone and the others were ready for battle. However, by the time the women were taken away, the fighting spirit had fallen to the bottom.
Whether he knew their feelings or not, Tabu crouched excitedly alone.
“I’m embarrassed to show off because my strength is suppressed… … .”
An intense heat exploded as the taboo’s orange band glowed.
“There is more than enough for the likes of you.”
Taboo kicked off the ground and charged with the horse.
Lian ran up and swung his greatsword. Taboo did not dodge or block. As if Lian couldn’t be seen, he thrust his sword into the running posture.
bang! An impact sounded and Lian was thrown into the sky.
Taboo leaned back and looked up at Sirone. And she threw herself into it. It was an indescribable strangeness to see Tabu’s upside-down face approaching.
At an approach beyond human common sense, Sirone cast a berserker. The curtain of light hit the tabu, but it broke through as if it didn’t care.
“Hehe, that’s an interesting magic.”
Taboo’s face came close to his nose. Orange vertical lines ran where her eyes should be, and her mouth was parted like a crack without even her lips.
The light beam spewed out mass at a rapid rate of 20 times per second, but the tab was relaxed as if it had been hit by a rainstorm.
With his tongue hanging down to his stomach, he mocked Sirone.
“Keke. Are you sad? Because the woman was taken away?”
Murderous intent dwelled in Sirone’s eyes. She has to get Amy back.
Ironically, the moment she realized that fact, Sirone erased Amy from her mind.
As the spirit gathered, the power of the light width was strengthened.
This time, even Tabu didn’t have the nerve to hold on. Riding away in a wide range, he began to disturb the battlefield with indescribable strange movements.
creative? No, it was primitive.
Whenever they approached with a flexible movement like a monkey and delivered a heavy attack like a rock, Sirone and the others could only block them.
‘Is this Mara’s power?’
The power itself may be inferior to that of the Whirlpool Snake, but if you rank it, the taboo is much higher.
In terms of speed, strength, balance, and even combat intelligence, it surpassed the whirlpool snake, which was only large.
If Ikasa hadn’t lost his power, wouldn’t this monster also have been disastrous?
The moment Tabu’s fist flew at Sirone, a shadow wall rose from the floor.
bang! A noise erupted from the other side of the shadow.
Tabu did not reap the attack. It was just frantically pushing him in with his fists on.
As the fist pierced the shadow wall, it hit Sirone’s forehead.
The first barrier absorbed the shock, but it felt like the world was spinning.
Canis rose from Sirone’s shadow.
“It’s impossible with a normal attack. Open Immortal Function right now.”
“What are you talking about? When did it open?”
Kanis put on an absurd expression. He knows best the power of the Photon Cannon, which is cast in Immortal Function state, having experienced it himself. You mean you couldn’t even get hurt?
“Is the laser impossible?”
“Wouldn’t that be difficult? It’s small and fast.”
Energy accumulation takes more than 5 seconds. It was an unreasonable tactic against a taboo whose movement pattern was unpredictable, unless it was a big guy like a whirlwind snake.
“Let’s try, though. I’ll try to stop him, so attack him then.”
Kanis cast the power of darkness. The shadows gathered like capillaries grabbed Tabu’s ankles, climbed up his knees, and tied them tightly to his wrists.
As Sirone’s laser hit Tabu, her body gradually began to heat up red. If it stayed like this, no matter how strong the durability was, the explosion would be a matter of time.
“Ha ha ha! Satisfaction! That’s it!”
As Tabu, who had inflated his thighs, leaped, the power of darkness holding his limbs tore like paper.
His figure was dotted in the sky in an instant.
Is it a bunch too? The Power of Darkness specializes in engineering power, but it is not strong in physical power. A much stronger restraining force was needed to hold the tabu.
“Canis! Give me a little more time!”
Sirone decided to take a chance on photon modeling. I was once evaluated as inefficient, but things were different now that Shining Impact was a success.
While Harvest was dealing with Taboo, Canis saw the spheres of light gathering towards Sirone.
Considering that the intensity of the light is weak like in Shining Impact, it was an attempt to reduce the vibration of the particles.
It’s a nice idea, but will it work?
-Even if you suppress the vibration, you can’t grow it to a size that can be shaped. Like Shining Impact, it eventually explodes.
-no. I guess it’s not compression?
At Harvest’s words, Canis turned her head again.
What Sirone molded into a sphere of light was a ring small enough to be made with her index finger and thumb.
‘That child! no way… … ?’
A startling thought flashed through Canis’s mind.
Clearly, light magic cannot be modeled as precisely as dark magic.
However, the modeling itself may not be impossible.
The ring of light created by Sirone began to repeat itself over and over again.
A shudder ran down Canis’ spine as she watched the scene.
There was, a form that could be created with photons.
fractal structure.
A fractal is a copy of its own form to form a whole.
Sirone came up with a way to collect the smallest particles to make the simplest form and then replicate it infinitely.
Once a form was completed, it took an instant to print it out.
Chains spewed out like streams of light from the spheres of light gathered between Sirone’s palms.
Since it is a method that reverses the attribute, the consumption of mental power is inevitably worse than that of ordinary magic, but it was the only strategy that could be tried against taboo.
Tabu, who was chasing after Canis, realized something strange and turned to Sirone.
Chains tens of meters long emanated light and swayed around Sirone.
The ability of light called the power of an angel. Among them, it was the most difficult form of light.
“What an insignificant human being!”
The taboo shouted and ran. Sirone, who confronts him, also swings his arm and throws the chain.
Chains entwined in the form of spheres began to wrap around Tabu’s body. It started at the ankles, wrapped around the waist, and dug into the armpits. Then I turned my neck and came down in an X shape and wrapped around my thighs.
Kak! There was a sound of stones scraping.
Taboo’s fist stopped just before hitting Sirone on the bridge of the nose. His trembling fists represented his anger.
“Great!”
Tabu couldn’t budge.
As the links of the gravitational chain pulled each other, the tensile force was growing stronger.
Even the slightest movement of the body would dig into the gap and tighten it.
Lee Ki-rin, head of the Fairy Department, looked at the taboo wrapped in the chain of light with disbelief.
who the heck is that boy?
Even among the angels who deal with light, there were only a handful of people who could use plastic surgery.
What made it hard to believe the situation was the same for Canis.
It’s not just a chain. It was formed with fractal technology and created tensile force using mass.
It was on a different level from Sirone’s magic until now. The magic corresponding to the Photon Cannon exists in other classes as well. The same was true of lasers and beam widths.
However, the magic of the chain was an area unique to God Particles that no series could imitate.
-The battery of the unlocker is evolving at a frightening speed. It is magic that defies common sense whenever it comes out. Following Shining Impact, is it Shining Chain this time?
Canis remained silent. While it’s nice for his comrades to be strong when he has to bring his friends back, his innate belligerence was feeling defeated.
-Kanis, your heart is beating fast. don’t mind too much You came to heaven to be strong. If it’s you, you can surpass Sirone.
-okay. I’ll have to get over it someday. For now, let’s focus on the situation.
Consoling herself like that, Canis walked to the place where Tabu was tied up.
—————————————

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-203.txt
=============YYYYY=============
[203] 2. The Age of Turbulence (3)
“Big! It can’t be like this! What I do… … !”
Tabu crouched down with all his might.
As the mighty physical force pulled the chain, a sense of resistance was immediately transmitted to Sirone’s brain.
It was formidable strength.
Sirone further increased the tensile strength of the Shining Chain with the durability of the Geumgang Buddha.
Unable to hold on, Tabu’s body stretched out wide, and a scream of anger burst out.
“Quaaaaaaaa!”
The cost of resistance was high. Chains of light burrowed through the hard surface of Taboo, breaking.
The limbs were grotesquely bent, and the back was bent at impossible angles that would soon break.
“Quack, heck, heck.”
Taboo was ridiculous.
It was the first time in my life that I had such a miserable appearance. Even for mere humans.
“Yeah, you got the catch. But what are you going to do now? How long can you not hold out?”
Considering the durability of the tab, the only way to remove it is with a laser. However, the problem was that other magic could not be cast while the gravity chain was maintained.
Iruki, whose thought circuit is unique, uses the Double Spirit Zone, but it is extremely difficult for a normal human to have two thoughts at the same time.
Of course, there are rules with exceptions, but most magics inevitably have delays.
For example, there was a case where other magic could not be cast during teleportation.
In particular, Shining Chain was a continuous magic that consumed mental power in real time like Fire Wall, so it was impossible to attack Taboo with other magic.
“Where have you taken your friends?”
“I went to the angel’s resting place. To give birth to the Nephilim. Kuck, that’s too bad. Because I am not your child.”
Bloody eyes rose in Sirone’s eyes.
The word Nephilim did not even come into my ears. I didn’t know the circumstances, but I knew that something terrible was about to happen.
Taboo pulled his tongue out to the root and shook it.
“Kekeke! give up! You who are at a loss even for a single Mara will never be able to be saved. By now, women are miserable… … Kuck!”
As the chain of light tightened with great force, Tabu’s neck snapped.
A grinding sound could be heard from Sirone’s molars.
“Be careful with your words. I won’t let you go.”
“Ha ha ha! Exciting? But why don’t you listen a little more? This is an incredibly funny story! Is it really a forbidden fruit?”
Sirone raised the tension to the limit.
He didn’t know how far the limit was, but right now he just wanted to make sure that Tabu couldn’t talk.
“Kuaaaaa!”
A scream broke out.
An irresistible force began to oppress me.
Taboo had a hunch.
This was the end of myself.
“Don’t be arrogant. i come back I will come to you on the day when human depravity reaches its peak! certainly… … Wow!”
Hard!
Goosebumps emanated from Tabu’s entire body.
Please enable JavaScript
Unlike the sound of human bones breaking, it was the sound of hard rocks crunching.
When the Shining Chain disappeared, only Tabu’s corpse remained. Her whole body was grotesquely twisted, as if she had crushed a clay doll with her hands.
Kanis was cold at the power of the Shining Chain.
If the taboo were to be crushed, it would have been able to crush quite a few creatures with ease. Like a rabbit caught in a trap, it has no choice but to be deprived of the right to live and die.
As soon as Tabu was extinguished, Sirone fell to the floor. His shoulders trembled as he gripped the soil with both hands.
I didn’t feel the thrill of succeeding in magic, nor the sense of accomplishment of defeating a taboo. Amy, Tess, and Arin are kidnapped. And said to give birth to the Nephilim.
A maddening urge pounded in my chest. She had never hated herself so much.
Feope flew to Sirone.
Because she was a master of magic, I was able to guess just how much mental power goes into the Shining Chain.
“you… … are you okay?”
Feope mustered up the courage to ask, but Sirone didn’t even respond. He listened closely and heard a mutter, ‘It’s because of me.’
Peope, who had a tantrum for no reason, pointed and nagged.
“you stupid! So why do you grow your business like this? Even if it is a fallen angel, it is a higher law than Sharmain. What will the people of this district do in the future! all because of you… … .”
“Aaaaaaa!”
Feope’s shoulders shook.
Sirone’s face was a mess when he raised his head.
Anger, resentment, and sadness mixed together, like a person falling down a cliff.
“because of me… … Because of me, Amy… … Tess is… … Arin… … . All because of me.”
Feope couldn’t nag any more.
Sirone’s gaze was not that of a living person. I couldn’t find the appearance of Ilhwa denying alcohol and shouting at Lee Ki-rin.
“Women will be safe. So far.”
Sirone looked back at Girin. Immobilized at the cost of her pretense, she was lost in her thoughts with her serious face.
“All right? How are you safe?”
“The reason Ikasa took the women was because they were virgins. It is to insert angelic information into the body of a woman who has not given birth to a child, and conceive a Nephilim.”
said Canis.
“Isn’t that more dangerous then? I don’t know about you, but humans have chastity.”
“What you think will not happen. Angels consider it a shame to have relations with humans.”
said Ryan.
“Are you saying the opposite is possible? There is no guarantee that it will not happen in the worst case scenario.”
“Possibility and probability are different. Angels are a species with both sexes. Therefore, they can relate to humans, but they will not do anything to defame them under any circumstances.”
Sirone regained hope from Girin’s words.
If an angel is a ruler who upholds principles and beliefs, there is still a chance to rescue them. In addition, depending on the situation, Amy and the others may also create variables.
Rian put his hand on Sirone’s shoulder.
“Sirone, how are you? Have you calmed down a bit now? I’ve never seen you so angry.”
“Sorry, I was too excited. I should have thought of rescuing my friends.”
“are you okay. Because I wasn’t crazy either.”
Anyone would have. Just as Amy was precious to Sirone, Tess was a friend she depended on to Lian. He also had an existence that Kanis must protect.
‘scale… … .’
Canis’ heart was burning like never before.
It is Arin who protected Radum’s cruel life. But she is so easily taken away.
Why couldn’t he run straight to Ikasa?
because it is weak Hope, happy future, those things made my heart weak.
‘Arin, wait a bit.’
Canis decided to go back to her days as Radum’s wild dog. If he was given another chance, he would not regret his life and focus on destroying the enemy.
Sirone asked.
“tell me. What must I do to get to the angel’s resting place?”
Peope asked as if it was absurd.
“You know what? Are you really going to go get it?”
“Of course I should go. Do you know how to get there?”
Of course you know how. Besides, I had a rough idea of where Amy and the others had been taken. But because of that, he also knew that Sirone couldn’t go. It was an angel’s resting place that even Girin could not enter without permission.
“I can’t let you in! Don’t you know what I mean? Whether it’s a heretic or a Nephilim, if you go, you’ll die!”
“You don’t know until you try.”
Feope beat her chest in frustration. Sirone also defeated a formidable enemy called Tabura, but the level of the angel was different.
Even the fallen angel, Ikasa, could only die if he tried to attack with skills that could not be matched.
“Calm down, you fool! The place you are going to is the sixth thousand jebul! This is where real angels live!”
Angels are strong. It was not that he was stronger than anyone else, but that he was a being at the top of all living things since he was born.
But Sirone had to go where they lived. Amy and her friends were waiting.
“Peope, if you had been taken by someone, how afraid would you have been?”
“What are you talking about, all of a sudden?”
“What do you think? Wouldn’t it be eagerly waiting for someone to come and save it? Wouldn’t he be encouraged by the thought that his friends would not abandon him?”
Sirone bit his lip.
“Maybe I can’t get it. But don’t destroy the hopes of your friends. If we give up here, the captives will have nothing left.”
Feope couldn’t admit it. No matter what kind of misayeogu you wrap, it doesn’t change that you die.
If everyone is faithful to their own death, the world is harmonious. Why do humans regard the impossible as beautiful?
A Mecca man approached.
“The resting place of angels is the sixth heaven, Jebul. Geographically, it’s right next to Sharmain. But it’s a 5th level or higher area, so you can’t go right in. You have to go through the procedure and turn around from the 2nd millennium, which will take a few days.”
“There is no procedure required. How long will it take in a straight line?”
“Go straight. It would be impossible to cross the barrier of Heaven anyway, and if we were to go directly to the Sixth Heaven from here, it would take about a day.”
It was a lot farther than expected. Judging by the speed of Ikasa’s flight, she should have already reached her destination.
In a situation where it was unclear whether or not jebul came in or out, a one-day suspension was tantamount to a death sentence for women.
“There is one way.”
A man in his 50s walked by. Judging by his appearance and clothing, he was an old man.
“Is there a way? How?”
“I’m going to District 1 from here. It is the innermost area of Sharmain. Since it is close to the center of heaven, it will be possible to shorten the time by going to Jebul from there along the central road.”
Heaven is divided into six equal parts of the pie centered on Arabot. Therefore, the closer to Arabot, the shorter the arc length, so it was possible to drastically reduce the movement line.
“How long does it take to get to Area 1 from here?”
“About 12 hours?”
Sirone became sullen again. It would be shorter than a day, but it was still too far to do anything.
A smile formed on the corner of the Norse’s mouth.
“If you go the usual way. There is a portal in Sharmain managed by the Norse. If you use the light spot, you can go all the way to Area 1 at once.”
There was such a way. Sirone, who had traveled through the spot of light in Purgatory, realized that the man’s method was the only solution.
“Please take us there. Are there any other problems?”
“If you have to question it, it must be that it is strictly controlled by the subjects. But I can handle that. Because I’m the controller on duty there.”
Sirone shuddered, unable to even laugh at the joke. For the first time, I had hope.
perhaps… … Maybe you can save your friends.
Kanya came over with tears in her eyes.
“I’m sorry, Sirone. Just because of our family. but… … thank you. really… … .”
Sirone wiped away Kanya’s tears. In exchange for denying Ilhwa’s alcohol, his friends were in danger, but how could it be his subjects’ fault?
True power hides behind the system and is invisible. He knew where the arrows of his wrath should be directed.
“It’s not your fault. Don’t worry, I will definitely save my friends.”
“Wait!”
Lena ran from the fork in the plaza. She was hugging the Mecha equipment, Cigna and Xd.
“I brought it just in case you didn’t know. I wonder if it will help.”
Items in Mecca are privately coded, but the sword and shield belonged to public equipment, so anyone could use them.
Rentals are prohibited by law, but no one paid attention to Ilhwa’s drunken yard.
The equipment will be needed by Ryan.
Wizards have a gimmick that twists phenomena, so they can cause variables even when fighting strong enemies, but the swordsman was all about honest brute force. As such, the proportion of equipment occupied was high.
—————————————

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-204.txt
=============YYYYY=============
Please enable JavaScript
[204] 2. The Age of Turbulence (4)
Lian received Cigna and Xd and examined them. Relying on someone else’s weapon would hurt the prosecutor’s pride, but Lian wasn’t going to argue about that when his friend was in captivity.
“thank you. But I might handle it harshly.”
“are you okay. No, it doesn’t matter if it breaks. Please save my sisters.”
Feope was lost in thought.
Just a little while ago, they were the subjects who were worried about their lifespan decreasing day by day.
But what about now? In order to crush the misfortune of others, each person was carrying a risk.
Why does the law control man?
Its population is maintained, its lifespan is controlled, and it cannot even go out of Heaven. What kind of danger is the increasing number of humans perceived by Ra as a danger?
“Are you really going?”
Feope couldn’t understand herself asking such a thing.
Ever since I met Sirone, everything has changed. he was confused It was a lump of rock thrown to the surface of heaven.
“You know, I have no choice but to go. Thank you earlier. for avoiding a fight. Actually, I didn’t want to fight with you either. It’s like lightening Kanya and Lena’s sins, and I think we have something in common.”
Feope tried to ignore Sirone’s words. He didn’t want to hear that there was anything in common.
How can fairies and humans communicate?
“From now on, take good care of your subjects. If we return safely, then we can become closer.”
Sirone turned to face the unpredictable future.
Feope’s small heart thumped. The figure of Sirone following the Norse was blurry, as if it were covered in fog.
“Then will you save me too?”
Sirone looked back at Peope. After her hesitation, she mustered up her courage to ask again.
“If I get caught, will you come to rescue me? therefore… … As long as we are friends.”
Sirone said with a friendly smile.
“of course.”
Feope lowered her head. Is it natural? If so, Sirone will die.
He was walking toward death.
“Even if you go to District 1, you won’t be able to cross the Gate of Jebul. I have a way to save the girls. So I’ll go with you.”
Sirone’s eyes widened.
He said there must be a way to save it. I couldn’t even imagine what it would be like now.
“Really? Can you really save it?”
“I can’t say for sure. But if you go by yourself, you will surely die, so I will go with you.”
Sirone looked at Peope with a thrilled expression. Feofe, his face flushed, turned his head away angrily.
“joy! No need to think weird. I just felt a sense of responsibility to see this case through to the end.”
Lee Ki-rin calmly accepted the current situation.
It was against the law for the subjects to help Sirone and for Feope to be led by a human.
‘Does it have to be like this in the end? No, if this is also a law that cannot be violated… … .’
Girin Lee, who made her decision, opened her mouth.
“Peope, come to me.”
Feope’s shoulders twitched. Now that I see it, it was a situation where I made my own decision without the manager’s permission.
Contrary to expectations, Lee Ki-rin did not get angry. Instead, she closed her eyes and relayed her memories to Feofe.
New information began to settle in Peope’s head one after another.
“This… … ?”
“Peope, take my memories and go. It will help you move in jebul.”
Memory transfer between fairies is common, but the case of transfer from a higher sequence to a lower sequence has a special meaning. In other words, it was like a letter of appointment to perform duties on his behalf.
A leader of the 72nd class of fairies. Realizing the sincerity of the sky-like senior, Peo Pe recalled the image of herself full of complaints and dissatisfaction and lowered her head.
“I’m sorry, boss. For disappointing me again.”
“I have never been disappointed in you. You are a fairy born in a turbulent time in heaven. Everything that happens from now on will be different from the law you know. So you have to see everything with your own eyes and judge.”
Feope’s eyes were wet with emotion. For the first time since he was born, he saw Gi-rin’s smile.
“You have a tendency to be confused, but that is why you are a self-aware child. Remember that the spiral goes straight, looking in all directions. I believe you, Peope.”
Feope wiped away her tears and nodded her head vigorously.
The fact that she was recognized by Lee Gi-rin boosted her courage a hundredfold.
Sirone and the others left the plaza with Peope.
The portal controller arrived at the Norse building not far from the central plaza.
The interior was as complicated as a maze, with magic circles drawn in each room and different spirits staying.
When I opened the iron door installed in the corner and entered, the spirit of light floated alone in the center of the dark room.
The controller approached and gently grabbed the elemental. As the spirit stopped moving, his arms began to glow white.
“If you use the power of the spirits, you can go all the way to Area 1 at once. But it takes time to gather emotions. It will take about five minutes.”
Having experienced it in purgatory, I didn’t have any questions about it.
While waiting, Sirone looked at Peope, who was floating at eye level. He stuck out his small buttocks and waved his transparent wings.
Sirone raised her index finger and poked at her dainty ass.
Feope was startled and covered her hips with both hands.
“hey! what are you doing now?”
She was a one-year-old fairy, smaller than the palm of her hand, but still seemed to be a woman. She, of course, had no intention of making fun of her. Except for the part where her wings move, there was only one part left.
“Thank you for your help. Let’s do well in the future. Thanks to you, I have hope.”
Feope pursed her lips. But he must have read Shirone’s true heart and he turned back to the light.
The five minutes of waiting passed slowly. This phenomenon was also the relativity of time.
Canis asked Peope.
“A guy named Taboo, is he really dead? No, to be precise, is Mara a being that can be killed? Before he died, his son did that. If something goes wrong with humans, he will come back.”
Sirone also suddenly became curious. No, it was a key question. This is because if Mara is an entity that cannot be destroyed, the approach to combat must be different.
“Hmm, how do I explain this? Extinction is right, but not eternal death.”
“Please explain in an easy way.”
“Because Mara is an existence made up of the concept, even if you die, you will come back to life someday. In heaven they call it reset.”
“How long does it take to initialize?”
“It’s not set in stone, but it won’t be revived right away.”
“If you kill, you die.”
“It doesn’t. But if we look at it from a different angle… … .”
“it’s okay. You just need to know that right now.”
Canis thought of nothing but battle. To get Arin back, he has to become stronger than he is now.
I started a simulation to increase my mental power by 1 second. In magic school, it was a concept called sequence formula.
“Okay, think as you like.”
Feope waved her hand as if telling her to take care of herself.
Sirone thought it was more important to get more information than the sequence formula.
More than anything, there were still stories left unheard.
“You said there was a way to save your friends, right? How? Can I tell you now?”
Feope rested her chin on her head and was lost in thought.
To be honest, it was an operation with no guarantee of success. But it was far more realistic than running into the angels’ abode unprotected.
“Rather than a method, there are people who love humans very much. I thought maybe I could help you guys.”
The controller announces that the ancient magic is ready to be cast.
After walking into the group of lights, Sirone couldn’t control her curiosity and asked again.
“Really? Who is he?”
Peope said with a reverent heart.
“The chief of the angels, Archangel Ikael.”
A pillar of light ascended.
3. Eternal Ra (1)
After saying goodbye to the manager at the exit of Sharmain and walking for about 30 minutes, we arrived at the fortress wall where the tall tower of the 7th Heaven Arabot was visible.
Feope said that there would be women in the sixth thousand ancestral rites. It was because the virgin conception was made with the wine of life, and the person in charge of it was the archangel Kariel.
Sirone said.
“How do I get into jebul? There is no way to get through the gate.”
“that’s right. So I’m going into Arabot.”
“How can I enter the place where the gods live when I can’t even enter the ancestral rites?”
“That’s why I’m getting help from Ikael-nim. He even served as the archangel, so he might let you in if you ask.”
“That is even weirder. Even if you are an archangel, you are a being in the 6th heaven, how can you open the gateway to the 7th heaven?”
“That’s because Ikael-sama is currently staying in the 7th Heaven.”
Sirone tilted her head. It was unexpected that the Archangel was in Arabot, leaving behind his district, Jebul.
“Is there something we don’t know about?”
“huh. Ikael-sama was stripped of his qualification as an archangel because of a certain sin. But her Ra loved her so much that instead of degrading her as a fallen angel, he exiled her to her Arabot.”
It was a rather shocking story. If you imagine the existence of God through experience so far, it was a harsh judge who put the law first.
It is strange that such a god made an exception, but the fact that he was exiled to Arabot instead of the second heaven was also strange.
“What kind of angel is this? What did he do?”
“I don’t know about that.”
“what? How could you not know? It would have been a huge issue if it had risen to the level of the archangel.”
“Perhaps it was. But we all forgot about it. All I know is that Ikael committed a great sin and is now exiled to Arabot.”
Sirone felt a sense of horror at Peope’s words. Forgotten meant that I knew it originally, but that my memory had been erased.
Even if you erase someone’s memory, someone else will pass it on. Judging from the propagation speed of information, it could not have happened without erasing everyone’s memories at the same time.
said Ryan.
“From lifespan to memory? It is literally omnipotent. How old is God? He must be 100 million years old?”
“Age is meaningless to God. Because it’s the beginning of everything. we don’t know the beginning Since you don’t know where you started, you don’t know how old you are either.”
said Canis.
“doesn’t care. I’m not going to fight God. If I save the girls, I’ll go right back.”
Sirone listened intently to what Canis had said were women, not Arin. Normally, they quarreled, but in their hearts, they seemed to be attached to each other without realizing it.
Upon arriving at Arabot, the party looked up at the wall. Although it is the inner city of heaven, the walls are higher than the outer city. Moreover, there was no device that could call Ikael.
said Canis.
“Can’t you just wait until she walks the dog?”
“joy! It’s only now that you’re so arrogant! Without Ikael-sama’s help, I can’t even enter the fire.”
Although she is helping Sirone, Feope was the courtier of heaven. It was unacceptable for Ra to disparage an archangel respected by his subjects to the extent of erasing the memory of their sins.
Sirone said.
“I will apologize instead. It’s because your nerves are sensitive. Anyway, what are you going to do from now on?”
Peope did not shoot any more because he knew that their situation was urgent.
“good! Then, I will try to talk to Ikael-nim from now on.”
Sirone asked with her eyes shining.
“what? you can do it?”
“No, I can’t.”
“… … Are you kidding me?”
“The truth is, what should I do? But it’s not very unlikely. Because Ikael-nim might be watching us.”
—————————————

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-205.txt
=============YYYYY=============
Please enable JavaScript
[205] 3. Eternal Ra (2)
what is this again?
From Arabot to here, it was blocked by a barrier, and the distance was long. I don’t know what Ikael’s eyesight is, but there was no chance that he was looking at this place.
“Don’t be so disappointed. ‘Seeing’ for angels is different from ‘seeing’ for humans. There are various perspectives of ‘seeing’, but among them, ‘looking down’ is the ability to see what you want to see. In short, angels can see everything if they want to.”
At first, the imagination did not go well.
According to Peope, it meant that if you thought you wanted to see something, you would just watch it.
Even the 100-eyed monster in fairy tales did not bother the prince with such absurd abilities.
“It’s true. The reason why Ikasa arrived first after Ilhwa’s drinking was broken was because he was looking down on Sharmaine. what… … Because you’re petty like that, you’re still living as a fallen angel.”
Since the fallen angels living in the 2nd heaven are lower than the fairies living in the 4th heaven, Peope criticized Icasa without hesitation.
It was a passage where we could see how far down the abyss an angel with the highest position in heaven can fall when he commits a sin.
“But if you can see what you want to see, it means the angels know everything in the world.”
“Not necessarily. It’s difficult to decide what to watch. lets think. If you could look down, would you be able to grasp the whole world?”
“no. It must be difficult.”
Sirone recalled the time when an angel came to Nord’s shelter.
Gadlock said: An angel could find this place if he wanted to, but that wouldn’t happen.
“Because no one checks their fingerprints every day.”
“what? did you know about that? That’s it. Anyway, if Ikael-sama is looking over here, he might be able to respond to my voice.”
Canis was upset. Originally, mages dislike relying on probabilities, but in this case, the degree was too severe.
“It’s a slim chance. This could be her fingerprint. Besides, where is the guarantee that she will help us even if she is looking down?”
“There are no guarantees. I came along to give you even the slightest hope. The one waiting for us wherever we go is Archangel Kariel. Do you see what I mean? Even if you die and wake up, you can’t win.”
Sirone faced reality. If the person with his friends was an archangel, he had to find a helper of at least the same level to get a chance to escape.
“okay. Let’s do it this way. I will trust you.”
Anyway, thinking that the Norse was suspicious, Feope clicked her tongue. Anyway, she also saw her own potential and jumped in.
There is no angel who checks fingerprints every day, but if it is Ikael, just in case. I heard that she is benevolent and often looks down on her subjects.
“Then let’s begin. Don’t touch me once the conversation starts. Because I don’t want to disrespect the archangel.”
Feope closed her eyes and focused her mind. Her petition spread in concentric circles.
Sirone waited impatiently. However, even after 5 minutes, there was not much change in Peope.
Is it still impossible?
The fear of losing hope of rescuing his friends far outweighed the disappointment of failure.
As the party’s hearts fell into despair, Feope’s body trembled.
After a while, hot tears flowed from her closed eyes.
“Ah, Mr. Ikael.”
Sirone looked back at Peope as if her head would break.
It was clear that a conversation had begun with Ikael. I managed to endure all kinds of voices, remembering Peope’s request.
Feope and Ikael had a long conversation. He always nodded his head and sometimes answered with a voice out of his mouth.
“all right.”
Feope had her eyes closed for a long time with a smile on her face. Unable to get out of her excitement, she suddenly opened her eyes and made a fuss about her.
“Did you hear? did you hear You accepted my conversation! my conversation!”
“Of course I didn’t hear. What did you say?”
“Ah, Ikael-sama… … You looked down on me!”
Seeing Peope looking up at the sky with wet eyes, Sirone couldn’t dare to ask. He allowed his emotions to explode until he felt like it before he could get his words out.
“So, they say you freed your friends?”
Feope suddenly came to her senses. He was distracted by the fact that he had a conversation with the archangel and forgot the most important information.
Peope’s expression became a little sullen.
“no. Ikael said he couldn’t step out of the room because he had sinned.”
“what? Did you fail in the end?”
Peope made an effort to put on a bright expression.
“But they said they would help us. You should be able to get into Arabot. However, there is one condition… … .”
Canis, who had reached the limit of her patience, shot at Peope, who had reached the limit of her patience, at Peope, who was trying to speak but looked at Sirone and the others.
“what? I’m running out of time, so tell me quickly.”
“Sirone… … He said he wanted to meet only the boy named. By the way, who is Sirone?”
Canis and Lian turned to Sirone.
Peope doesn’t know anyone’s name yet. This is because, as long as he knew that his name was the key to controlling his lifespan, he thoroughly concealed his name.
When the gazes of the two pointed to one person, Peope widened her eyes as if in surprise.
‘The name must have been Sirone.’
Until just a moment ago, in Feope’s eyes, Sirone was just an aggregation of countless concepts.
It felt vague and abstract, like an impregnable fog.
But now it was different.
Sirone.
The moment he recalled the three syllables, Sirone’s actions, thoughts, and emotions were integrated into his mind.
“Sirone only? Any special reason?”
“I don’t know. I wanted to ask, but for some reason I don’t feel like revealing it.”
Kanis thought it was better. He found it more efficient to focus on individual duties rather than traveling in groups to use the tight time.
“Then Sirone goes to see Ikael. After all, it seems that she will not be able to escape without her help.”
“What are you guys going to do?”
“We are going to Jebul. From the 7th thousand to the 6th thousand it will be a free pass. I’ll go to Amy’s first. If it’s necessary, I might be able to take my time.”
It was the best strategy available in the current situation.
When the agreement was over, Sirone looked back at Feope. He meant to let him into the ara boat.
But even Peope didn’t know how.
Embarrassed, the moment she stuttered and tried to think of an excuse, the surroundings were bathed in bright light.
Feope was thrilled and clasped her hands.
“iced coffee… … Ikael.”
A huge light engulfed Sirone and the others.
There was nothing left in the place where the light sucked toward the point had disappeared.
@
Seventh Thousand Araboth.
Sirone looked around with a trembling heart. He has arrived in the most sacred place in Heaven.
The top of the spire was obscured by clouds. Peope said that Ankera was staying at the far end.
Her voice as she explained was also trembling.
“To come to the place where the constellation of God is. I have never had such a glorious day in my life.”
“So, you only lived a year, didn’t you?”
Feope glanced at Canis.
“It doesn’t matter if it’s one year or 100 years. This is not a place where you can come because you have lived for a long time.”
“But isn’t it too quiet for that? They say God lives there and there are no guards.”
“huh? What does that mean?”
“No, even though the existence of God lives, no one is protecting it.”
Feope suddenly stopped and looked at Canis with a blank expression. It was as if he had heard that 1 plus 1 is a window.
“Are you serious? Ra is protecting us. How do we protect God?”
Sirone realized it belatedly and nodded.
“ah. I see.”
Ra is not a king in the human world.
If he was a pan-cosmic absolute, even for someone to protect him would be demeaning.
Arriving at the spire of Arabot, Sirone and the others prepared to part for their respective missions.
Ikael wanted to meet with Sirone alone. Since the Archangel’s help was essential to recover Amy’s group, Lian and Canis were not dissatisfied with the discrimination.
Feope, who had the mission of guiding Sirone to Ikael’s room, passed on the memories she got from Girin to Canis and Lian.
A rough map of jebul was engraved in their heads.
“Where the women are is probably the Great World War in the far east. It’s where Kariel-sama lives.”
Canis traced Lee Gi-rin’s memories and found the location of the Great World War. It was a long distance even by teleportation. But the real problem wasn’t the distance.
“What you need to know is that no one can enter the Great World War. It is the place that governs the movement of the world, so it is surrounded by the highest level of security.”
“What about security? Are there any obstacles?”
“At that level, it’s nonsense. In a word, there will be no great world war.”
“Please don’t be offended and explain so I can understand.”
“Some technologies in the Mecca system can change the information of a specific space. In other words, it was sent to another dimension. In order to enter the great world war, the mecha system must first be shut down.”
“How do I block them?”
“If you look at Jebul’s map, there’s a portal to Ingris. It is a place that controls all information in Heaven, and the Mecha system can be blocked from there.”
“what? Ingris?”
It was the place I heard about when I made a contract with the Kergo chief. Kadum asked Ingris to convey his will, but he didn’t care at the time either. Because he has received nothing, he is not obligated to fulfill the contract.
Looking at the situation like this, I thought that refusing their entertainment was an excellent decision.
But to Kanis, Ingris meant something special.
It was the reason why he came to heaven even after abandoning the metagate, and it was the place where Arcane was presumed to have gained the knowledge that enabled him to become a great wizard.
Analyzing the notes left by Master, Kanis focused on mythology.
If heaven is a place that has had an impact on mankind since ancient times, its records would have permeated into mythology, not history.
While studying the old books, I realized that there is a place that appears in common in different myths.
That’s Ingris.
It was a hall of knowledge where all the secrets of the world were recorded.
“I’ll take over there. While Rian goes to the great world war, I will disable the mecha system. It might give you some time.”
It was a good way to buy time, but it was no different from asking them to go into the limbs.
But Lian thought that was what he could do best.
“I agree. We’ll go to Jebul right now. Sirone, you always find a way.”
“huh. Be careful too. I’ll be there as soon as possible.”
Without even having time to watch her friends head to Jebul, Sirone entered the tower.
A vast interior with no pillars was spread out. The floor was made of glass, and there was not a speck of dust, let alone footprints.
Peope led Sirone to the corner of the tower, relying on the memories Girin had passed on.
“what? Why is there nothing?”
According to my memory, there must have been an elevator in this place. But looking around, there was no visible device.
At that moment, light leaked from the cracks in the floor, and there were flashes of blinding light.
Sirone looked back at the changed scenery.
We arrived at a place where the corridor stretched like the backbone of a fish. Every 10 meters there was a road on both sides, and a golden iron door stood at the end of the corridor.
Peope looked back at Sirone in front of the iron gate.
“From here on, it’s Ikael-sama’s domain. As promised, I can’t go in. Angels can communicate with all beings, so you won’t need me. Just in case, I will send you the map of Jebul.”
—————————————

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-206.txt
=============YYYYY=============
Please enable JavaScript
[206] 3. Eternal Ra (3)
Sirone closed her eyes and received the memories Peope gave her. It was a warm feeling.
“Thank you, Peope.”
If it wasn’t for Peope, I wouldn’t have come this far. If Amy and the others were rescued safely, Sirone would be happy to give all the credit to Peope.
“joy! what am i I just followed you because I was so curious about what you guys were doing. I know it’s because I’m never going to care anymore.”
Feope didn’t want to admit it until the end, but Sirone knew. The heart is soft and pure. That is why it is impossible to ignore human pain while enjoying an eternal lifespan.
“Peope, you will definitely become a great fairy.”
“it’s okay. get in quick I’m too tired and I don’t want to be here anymore.”
Feope moved in the direction of the door opening. He was curious about the inside, but he didn’t dare to look around the angel’s room.
When Sirone entered the room, the iron door closed with a thud.
There was only one door between them, but Peope felt that Sirone had disappeared from the world.
A feeling of loneliness came over me when I realized that there was no one left around me. Is the apex of the world so lonely?
“Sheesh. I’m going back, what.”
After recovering from her troubled heart, Peope took the elevator of light and arrived at the first floor.
When I arrive at Sharmain, I will report to Girin. We must protect her until the cost of her true name is over. And if you ask for sleep, the next day will lead to the same routine as usual.
thud. thud.
The ground rumbled at the entrance on the side Peope was facing. It was the sound of someone coming in.
Just hearing the sound made Peope’s face pale.
I could still only see a shadow, but it was clear that it was a giant. If the floor is shaking, how big is it?
A giant appeared from the entrance.
Contrary to expectations, it was not as large.
He was only a little over two meters tall, which was less than the average of a dwarf for a giant.
However, judging from the clothing, Ilhwa’s level of drinking seemed quite high.
Broad shoulders and a well-developed lower jaw. His forearms were hard as rocks and his eyes were burning.
Feope, who realized the identity of the giant through source knowledge, forgot to even wave her wings. Then, just before he crashed, he managed to balance himself and fly up.
‘oh my god… … . Who am I looking at?’
It was Ymir, the king of giants.
The reason why the ground vibrates even though he is not big is because the muscles that make up his body are that heavy.
The strongest giant in history, said to have reached over 10,000 people in the anecdote, was approaching.
Upon discovering Feope, Ymir’s gait gradually became faster.
The status of a giant is lower than that of an angel or Mara, but Ymir is a different story.
According to source knowledge, it is said that several worlds were destroyed with only the power of the body.
In terms of simple force, it was an existence with more power than a middle-class angel.
Feofe gulped and waited for Ymir to come.
When he stopped with a thump, a greeting came out involuntarily.
“Ah, hello.”
Feope felt regret for her careless judgment.
The giant is Matei of the 5th thousand, and the fairy is the Maconom of the 4th thousand.
Therefore, fairies did not have to pay homage to the giant, and rather, whenever they met, they kept each other in check and talked badly about each other.
“Who the hell are you?”
“Ah, I am Peope, the spirit of the spiral.”
Feope swallowed her saliva. I didn’t know how the giant, who was an enemy, would harm me.
However, contrary to expectations, Ymir greeted them warmly.
“Yes, I have heard of it. I heard that an oddball was born in the fairy world, so it’s you.”
It was the first time I heard about it. It was probably a conversation between the higher laws.
He’s a geek anyway. What did he do to make such an evaluation from his superiors?
“You look cute. So, why did you come all the way to Arabot?”
“Ah, I was entrusted with acting as the head of the Fairy Manager, Ki-rin Lee.”
Feope looked around like that. Of course, it was true, but he felt guilty because he seemed to have sold and ate Gi-rin.
However, it was time to mobilize even those who didn’t have any personal connections to put an end to the situation.
“I see. I heard that Ikasa came to Sharmain. Did he catch heretics?”
“Yeah, it seemed like that. Right, do you know what happened to the women who were captured?”
Feope wanted to hit the lips that moved differently than she thought.
Now, what do you mean by asking such a thing?
It was already over what he could do, and it was over when he went home.
But contrary to his heart, his ears were erect to catch Ymir’s words.
“It looks like you are in Kariel’s laboratory. She said she found the meta gate. Because of that, the Great World War seems to be turbulent.”
It was obvious disrespect to not use honorifics for Archangel Kariel, but Ymir didn’t mind. That alone gave an idea of how great a warrior he was.
“Oh, I see. But is it a fuss?”
“They say that the lost coordinates are remembered in the metagate. I’m not interested in difficult stories, but war will break out sooner or later. That’s why he came to beg Ra. I want my body back.”
“Oh, I see.”
The story of Ymir’s disembodied body is famous in Heaven.
If Ikael was deprived of his power by committing a great sin, Ymir was deprived of his original body simply because he was strong.
Ymir was strong. It was too strong. So Ra had no choice but to set physical limits for Ymir.
This was also against the law, and was one of the few exceptional cases in the history of heaven.
When Ymir raised his hand, Feope frightened and closed her eyes. It felt like a huge barrier was approaching.
But what I felt was a soft touch. The giant’s fingers stroked Feope’s hair.
“War is unavoidable anyway. When the war begins, fight with me. If you are by my side, no enemy will be able to touch you.”
“Ah yes. Okay.”
As Ymir passed Feope with a smile in his eyes, the ground started shaking again with a thud, thud.
It was only after he arrived at the platform and disappeared in fragments of light that Feope could barely breathe a sigh of relief.
“Phew, I passed it safely anyway.”
It was embarrassing to be scared by a giant, but it could be said that he was confident enough against Ymir.
I try to rationalize that… … It was true that it was a memory that I wanted to erase honestly.
Feope shook her head and left Arabot. The route to Sharmain was quickly drawn in his mind.
But she was looking elsewhere. Again her mind was confused.
world war. metagate. War.
After Ilhwa’s drinking broke, unexpected words continued to be heard.
Peope wandered around and was conflicted. His desire to run away and the desire not to do so were colliding.
I heard Sirone’s voice in my head.
– You will definitely become a great fairy.
Feope grabbed her head and shook it. However, the language that was already embedded in his thoughts could not be easily shaken off.
“Oh, really! I’m going crazy!”
Peope flew at high speed. One fairy headed to Jebul, the resting place of angels.
@
Anke Ra was staying at the spire of Arabot.
An omnipotent being who can freely control the lifespan of his subjects and even manage their memories.
Ymir climbed the tower to have an audience with the great being.
Ymir, king of giants.
The strongest giant in the history of Heaven.
The art of anecdotes is divided into 10 final stages until reaching the perfection of a creature. And Ymir was the only giant in the final 10 stages, unprecedented in history.
Even Ymir couldn’t help but be nervous right in front of the god’s throne where Anchera was staying.
The top floor, which soared into the sky, was less than 1/100 of the area of the first floor.
Arriving on the platform of light, all he could see was a rough iron door.
“Anchera, your servant requests an audience.”
Ymir waited for a while.
The iron door began to vibrate, and the gap in the center widened and opened inward.
Ymir moved without roughness.
ridge. ridge. ridge.
Expansion was heard regularly. It was a sound that was eaten inward, like a loose drum being beaten.
It was a room that was less than 100 pyeong.
Hair-thin bundles of nerves spread out in all directions, filling the cracks in the floor, and gut-like hoses hung from the walls.
The nerves on the floor rose and groped Ymir’s ankles, then fell off as if they had lost interest.
Ymir knelt down in front of Ra.
“Ymir the Giant greets Anchera.”
ridge. ridge. ridge.
A huge chunk of meat over Ymir’s shoulder greeted him, beating like a heart.
Weight 26 tons. It was reddish-brown, surrounded by slime, and had a featureless disintegrated appearance.
The midsection was bulging while the extremities were like stretched balloons.
Bundles of intestine extending from the extremities filled the wall, and nerves extending from there extended to the floor and rippled like waves.
Ra’s body was as if all the organs that make up living things were put together.
It was the heart and the brain, the digestive and sensory organs.
Ra’s nerves began to run wild around Ymir. Then the center of her chunk of meat bulged and she tore open with a crackling sound. Huge pupils popped out as her epidermis opened up and down.
Anker Ra (Eternal Ra, Dating Undeterminable).
The aperture of the pupil, the size of a person’s face, narrowed and then expanded to focus.
Then came a high frequency sound that pierced the eardrum.
“Kik! giant… … Squeak! Ymir, why me… … Squeak! Did you come?”
Even with the noise of scratching nails on a steel plate, not a single expression of Ymir had changed.
“A group of heretics entered the sacred heaven. Those who denied Ilhwa’s drink have been handed over to Kariel and are preparing to receive the drink of life.”
“know… … there is.”
Ra’s voice calmed down little by little. It was still a high tone, but no more noise.
I know everything. So she decided that Ymir hadn’t heard back yet. But no matter how long she waited, nothing came out of Ra.
“What is your intention?”
“nothing. I… … Should I care?”
“This is unusual. It is said that the coordinates of the world that have not been penetrated so far are recorded in the metagate. This is a golden opportunity to convey the will of Ra.”
“E-mi-le.”
For three syllables, the tone of Ra’s voice dropped precipitously, followed by a majestic voice.
“I am the beginning and end of the world. Everything is connected to me, so I don’t have to worry about anything.”
Ymir pursed his lips.
It is omnipotent. Therefore, any event will be included in his domain. However, he couldn’t get his body back and retreat.
“I want my body back. Please melt the wall of ice that never melts.”
“Ymir, were you not my servant?”
“Don’t misunderstand. A giant is one who keeps the law. This is also to keep the law of heaven.”
“No.”
Ymir raised his head with burning eyes. But when she faced Ra’s great one-eye, all her emotions dissipated.
“One giant step may be louder than the blasphemous actions of a billion heretics. Especially if the owner of that step is Ymir, the king of giants.”
“Do you doubt my loyalty? Do you think I will rebel against the great you?”
“You, Ymir, do not misunderstand. Your power breaks the balance of the world. Do not forget that the law exists to maintain the whole.”
After saying that, he closed his eyes. As the gaps in the mucous membrane were completely closed, the intensity of the beating increased.
ridge. ridge. ridge.
—————————————

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-207.txt
=============YYYYY=============
[207] 3. Eternal Ra (4)
Ymir knew his time was up.
Indescribable resentment and anger were engraved in his eyes as he slowly turned his body.
If it is Ra, so it is.
But his intuition was saying something different to Ra. No, he was realizing the truth Ra was hiding.
‘I’ll have to check it with my own eyes.’
Ymir headed for Zebul, the city of angels.
@
Sirone entered Ikael’s room and looked around.
It was different from what I had imagined. The scene of the room, with tables, chairs, beds and carpets, was no different from where humans live.
Still, I didn’t think it was human.
The sun was shining on everything. As if isolated from the flow of time, not a single flaw was visible.
The feeling of seeing something completely flawless was truly bizarre.
It was a detail that could not be seen with the human eye.
However, anyone present here will be able to feel the innocence close to perfection.
Sirone held up the teaspoon on the table and looked at his face.
As expected, it was frighteningly clean to be a human artifact. I wondered if this is what the holy things in the human world are like.
‘what? Come to think of it… … .’
The most important Ichael was missing. Feofe said that it was clear that she couldn’t go out.
Could it be that he deceived himself?
With a frightening thought, Sirone wandered around the room. Again no one All things are clean. It was perfection that bordered on terror.
Suddenly, a beautiful melody lingered in my ears. Sirone stopped and looked at the window five meters high.
A clear sound like a harp was starting there.
Angel’s vibration.
As if possessed, he approached the window.
The sunlight coming in from the window began to hit the form. When I came to my senses, a woman was sitting on the window sill and looking out.
It was a beautiful face that no painter could draw.
Sirone confirmed that an asteroid was floating above her head. It was a bright and warm feeling that was incomparable to the fallen angel Ikasawa.
As her figure was revealed, wings of light sprouted. The gigantic wings of light spread to Shirone’s eyes.
“Welcome, Sirone.”
Sirone was convinced.
She was the Archangel Ichael.
The first causal entity. Among them, it is a symbol of nobility that God cherishes the most. Such an existence was in front of his eyes.
Ikael landed lightly on the floor.
Being over two meters tall was daunting, but those physical features couldn’t mask her warmth.
It was a strange feeling that cannot be described in words. Even calling her beautiful seemed to condemn her.
Is this what goodness looks like in form? If Jin was realized in the time and space of the maze, Ikael was good.
Ikael looked around where he was going to sit with a mischievous expression on his face that did not match his mature appearance.
However, he sat down in his seat as if he was nowhere to be found.
Sirone looked at the sight of Ikael’s skirt slowly sinking down in dismay. Then, Ikael, who was sitting with his calves pressed together, knocked on the floor and called for Sirone.
“Now, come this way.”
Sirone felt an irresistible temptation and clung to her.
They were so close that their skins touched each other.
Maybe she recommended the floor because she wanted to see it up close.
As expected, Ikael stuck his face in. The corner of her mouth went up as she stared at Sirone.
When Sirone lowered her eyes in embarrassment, she finally spoke.
“I wanted to meet you, Sirone.”
“yes? do you know me?”
Ikael scratched his eyebrows in embarrassment.
Her behavior was human-like. It was quite shocking to think that even the fallen angel Ikasa had reached the peak of arrogance.
“It doesn’t matter what you know or don’t know. How much you know matters. But you know, that’s not something that can be explained in words, right?”
Sirone mustered up the courage to examine her face. As they sucked each other’s eyes, a sense of unity sent electricity through their bodies.
Then he raised his head and looked at the asteroid. It was my first time seeing it up close.
It was a very strange sight to see the light floating above my head.
The thought of staring at it for too long made Sirone hurriedly come to his senses.
“Oh, sorry.”
Ikael shook his head as if he was okay.
“The Astral Body is the spirit of an angel. Humans enter the spirit zone through concentration, but the angelic zone is outside. This is called over spirit.”
Upon hearing the explanation, Sirone’s Starlight looked different again. It was as if the four-way breakaway type was always maintained.
It is literally the spirit of an angel.
it was her everything
As expected, Ikael added a comment, probably a little embarrassed.
“Originally, it was brighter than now. But because I made a mistake, Ra controlled the power of light.”
“What crime did you commit?”
As soon as the question was asked, Sirone hurriedly apologized.
“Oh, sorry. What am I doing… … .”
“are you okay. Even though I made a mistake, I still do not regret it.”
For some reason, Sirone found himself relieved. I don’t know what he did wrong, but wouldn’t it be shameful if the person concerned didn’t regret it?
“excuse me… … .”
Sirone hesitated.
I know it’s a ridiculous request. But when her thoughts went that way, she couldn’t give up.
“Tell me. You can say anything.”
“only once… … .”
“yes?”
“Can I touch you just once?”
Ikael blinked and burst out laughing as if he finally understood.
It was an unexpected request.
There is probably not a single person in all of heaven who wants to touch the luminous body of Archangel Ikael.
“is it so. touch it.”
“Hey, isn’t that rude? Just in case… … .”
Ikael shook his head as if he didn’t mind.
Only then did Sirone feel relieved and stretch out her hand.
The asteroid that I directly touched was both light and energy. A pleasant sensation ran down the back of her hand.
“It’s warm.”
“That’s because Sirone is a warm person.”
“lol.”
It was the first comfort I enjoyed after coming to heaven. She seemed to have no need to worry about her world if she was with her.
I wanted to be with her forever.
At that moment, Ikael’s hand approached. Her stunned Sirone backed away, making excuses as she couldn’t hide her bewildered expression.
“ah… … My hair is messy.”
“Haha, I ran hard. Actually, a lot happened.”
Sirone shuddered and brushed his hair. He was just surprised that his body would touch him in a state where his mind was not ready.
At that moment, Sirone’s eyes widened. It felt like I had been hit in the head with his hammer.
How can I do this without going crazy?
I completely forgot that the most important thing was left.
“Oops! Amy!”
Sirone jumped up.
Do you think of your friends now? That said, meeting Ikael was impressive.
“help! Your friends have been captured! He said he would give birth to Nephilim with it, whether it be the wine of life.”
“Oops. It’s a big deal.”
“They treat them like heretics or something like that, but they are absolutely not bad kids. No, even if it is, I can’t understand why they’re being held in this way.”
Ikael thought for a moment.
“Sirone, do you like your friends? Enough to risk your life?”
“yes! Sure!”
Ikael nodded as if that was enough.
“great. But Sirone, if you want to save your friends, there is a story you must hear.”
There seemed to be no story to be heard in the current situation.
However, since it was the words of Archangel Ikael, it was difficult to refuse. Above all, the words ‘if you want to rescue your friends’ were decisive.
“Is this what I need to hear? what is that?”
“About Heaven. And about a woman named Miro.”
Sirone was startled. Because she didn’t know her name would come out of Ichael’s mouth.
Adrias Miro.
When I first came to heaven, I thought that she was just one of many unlockers.
But the more I got to know her, the more I realized that she had a deep connection with heaven.
I wanted to know what kind of person she was.
“Do you know the maze?”
“yes. I’ve met you. i like her Of course she will hate me.”
Sirone was shocked. He said that Ikael and Miro had met. Especially she didn’t understand that Miro hated Ichael. From his experience, Ikael was a good angel.
“It won’t take long. So could you please let me brush Sirone’s hair for a moment?”
Ikael’s asteroid spread in the form of a ring.
As the intense light rotated through the ring, a comb made of light was born in her hand.
photon shaping.
It was also an instant creation of a tool as delicate as light.
No matter how strong an angel’s mental power is, the characteristics of light do not change.
It was a tool that could only be created through a complex battery that was incomparable to the Shining Chain.
Sirone realized that all the answers were in the Astral Body.
It was also the moment when Ikasa felt an unapproachable aura, and the star light spread in the form of a ring.
“How did you shape the photons? Does it have anything to do with the Astral Body changing?”
“The halo can process a lot of information quickly. Call it Halo. For example, it’s like the magic circle that humans use. The halo rotates at the speed of light, assembling countless concepts.”
Ikael cited the magic circle as an example, but when he heard it, it was rude to even compare it.
It was literally a way to assemble concepts at the speed of light.
It was said that even if dozens of wizards rushed at it, it could not catch up with the speed of one with a tidal wave.
“Then let’s begin. Lie down, Sirone.”
Ikael pointed to his knee. It seemed that she couldn’t bear to comb his hair.
Sirone assumed that there must be some meaning this time as well, and lay down as she told her to.
After all, where is this luxury?
As I lay down on the archangel’s lap and looked up at the heavens, Ikael raised a comb and brushed through my hair.
‘what?’
Sirone felt his consciousness become hazy.
As the combing continued, it felt like my consciousness was being pulled out in chunks. I didn’t want to pass out. Friends are caught. If you miss the flow of time, it’s the end.
‘no. not… … .’
Sirone’s eyes closed.
Ikael studied Sirone’s sleeping face and looked up with sad eyes.
Many thoughts ran through her head. And she seeped into Sirone’s spirit through the comb.
As if reading a fairy tale to a child, Ikael started the story in a beautiful voice.
“A long time ago… … .”
4. Heaven’s Truth (1)
The Great World Exhibition in Jebul was Kariel’s laboratory and an astronomical observatory that supervised the operation of the world.
Since the space was erased with a special function of the mecha system, no trace could be found, let alone entry, as long as the security device was in operation.
As befits a place with the Chinese character 殿, it was a vast space that could contain Alpheas Magic School.
The overall color was a mechanical indigo blue, and tens of thousands of electric signals were shining on the hemispherical ceiling.
A hologram of a globular cluster of stars was slowly expanding in space to the northwest.
At the center was a giant steel sphere, over 30 meters in diameter, with two belts rotating along its orbital and rotational orbits.
Amy’s party sat side by side near the globular cluster with their wrists bound with steel handcuffs.
Ikasa, who kidnapped the women, expected to be reinstated as an angel, but returned to the second heaven in Kariel’s silence.
Since arriving here, it was the only moment Amy and the others enjoyed.
Conversely, other than that, everything was not good.
No way, I didn’t know that someone of the level of an archangel would handcuff him.
—————————————

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-208.txt
=============YYYYY=============
Please enable JavaScript
[208] 4. Heaven’s Truth (2)
The handcuffs were engraved with a pattern similar to the henna I saw at Nord’s Shelter, but they didn’t move as if they were fixed in space and couldn’t even cast magic.
I wouldn’t have used this method because I was afraid of humans.
Amy thought of a frog caught in the lab.
The reason for tying up the limbs before dissection is not because you are afraid of frogs.
When I thought about it, I got goosebumps.
At least, it was said that struggling was a natural thing to do.
Tess and Arin were also keeping silent, probably thinking the same thing.
As if if I didn’t make a sound, the current tension would last forever.
The only consolation was that Tess didn’t have a drone on her wrist.
Arriving at Jebul, she flew the drone without Ikasa noticing.
It was a base for those who received Ganja’s education.
‘What happened? Why can’t I see anything?’
But her efforts were to no avail right now.
The drone is able to guide Syrone and the others to arrive as quickly as possible, but nothing appears on the retina screen.
She didn’t know that space itself was isolated as a function of the Mecha.
Kariel inspected the machine about 70 meters from the globular cluster.
It was a gigantic pillar that reached all the way to the ceiling, and thousands of panels were emitting various lights.
Kariel was floating 10 meters high, arms crossed, staring at the screen.
The screen was filled with complicated symbols that Amy and the others couldn’t understand.
Amy examined Kariel’s halo.
Ikasa’s ring was so huge and clear that it was impossible to touch it.
Schematics and formulas appeared and disappeared like afterimages inside the boundary line, and whenever they did, the screen of the mechanical device was rapidly changing.
-System check completed. Let the wine of life begin. Please enter the molecular structure of the genetic material.
An eerie woman’s voice came from the ceiling.
Even Arin could not analyze the voice of the machine. But trying to telepathize with Kariel was crazy.
Kariel, who had been staring at the screen for a while, flew to the women.
I heard a low-pitched vibration like a contrabass.
he was a young man He was tall, two and a half feet tall, and wore a white robe. His luminary body was so bright that it felt like a hole had been punched through space.
Amy mustered up her courage and glared at him.
If something had to happen, he would be the first to act. It was because she didn’t want to think of Tess or Arin suffering first when she was caught with her friends.
“Aren’t you ashamed of being an archangel? Aren’t you going to take off these handcuffs quickly?”
“It’s a low-level, human-like idea. I have redeemed you in order to fulfill my duties as an archangel.”
Arin, who was watching Kariel closely, bit her lip.
This kind of menarche was the first time.
All I could see was a vibrating string. The vibration was shaking in a complicated way, showing a form, but even that was unclear.
Kariel only existed by chance.
Amy shot again.
“A job? What are you trying to do to us?”
“Come to think of it, you forgot my introduction. I am Archangel Kariel. He is dispatched to the occupied area under the order of Ra and is in charge of implementing the art of life. Now I will administer the wine of life to you also. It is an honorable mission, so accept it happily.”
“You are laughing! What nonsense are you talking about tying people up! Get rid of this quickly!”
Amy shook herself. Since the handcuffs were fixed at waist level, all he could do was stomp his feet like a child complaining.
Tess, who was brooding over Kariel’s words, asked as if wondering.
“for a moment. occupied territory? So, you mean attacking other worlds from heaven?”
Kariel was lost in thought. The law is always right. However, to convince humans, a different method of communication was needed.
“It’s just conveying Ra’s will. God loves humans and wants them to last forever. Your world will sooner or later submit to the will of Ra.”
Terrifying thoughts seized Tess.
According to the idea she had just recalled, Ra was the tyrant of the universe. It crossed my mind that the subjects of Heaven must also have been residents of the occupied territory somewhere.
cried Amy.
“We saw the drinking of anecdotes! Is that how you love humans? It’s no different than a perverted killer!”
“I don’t understand. Humans mistake love for power. He doesn’t think that being loved by someone is a great ability. Ra cares about you simply because you are beings to whom you can give names.”
Amy recalled the life book. Fairies control the lifespan of their subjects through their names.
But isn’t a name given to anyone? What does giving a name mean to Ra?
Tess said sarcastically.
“So, what are you going to do with us? Since you are handcuffed, will you at least brandish a whip and love me?”
“You have an important mission.”
“mission? What mission?”
“To conceive my child.”
The faces of Amy, Tess, and Arin all turned red at the same time. Goosebumps made her hair stand on end, and her irritability soared.
Amy shouted, unable to control the shaking of her chin.
“It’s like a pervert! touch my body I won’t let you go!”
“What a pitiful response. do not worry. It’s just relaying the angel’s information to your body.”
Tess was even more annoyed by that. For example, it was the language of perverts who tried to accurately express what they knew clearly.
“In short, I don’t mean to play dirty with us.”
Kariel showed a displeased look.
“Human expression is vulgar. The Art of Life is a high-level technique that only I can do among the archangels. Do not compare it with the reproduction of lower human beings.”
-The preparation of the drink of life is complete. 100% information integration rate. Would you like to duplicate?
Just then, a woman’s voice was heard from the ceiling.
Kariel flew up into the sky as if there was no need for words.
“a copy.”
– Replicates genetic material. Time required 2 minutes 30 seconds.
Kariel’s asteroid expanded into a ring over 20 meters in diameter.
When I put my index and middle fingers together, a bead-sized light was born from my fingertips.
It was small in size, but strong enough to brighten up a great world war.
Kariel returned the halo to the asteroid and returned to the women.
A diamond-shaped glass panel emitting a purple light was made at the tip of the finger where the light had disappeared.
“In this panel, near-infinite life information is stored. Got it? In order to create humans, we need information from all life forms that existed before humans.”
“What do you know! Whatever it is, we won’t do it!”
cried Amy. She was so full of energy that she was going to die, but when she explained it, her annoyance soared.
However, Kariel continued to explain without an audience, as if she had a lot of pride in her art of life.
“The information of angels is delicate and complex. This is also the reason why the success rate of Nephilim in women who have given birth to a child drops significantly. In that sense, you are on the lucky side. Because I have the honor of being able to directly bear the descendant of a great angel.”
“The Nephilim… … What are you going to do after giving birth?”
“I am sending you to another world. In this case, it will be your world.”
“Are you going to edify the humans there and offer them to the gods?”
Kariel kept her mouth shut at the point-blank question.
It was like that after all. The woman in the occupied area gives birth to Nephilim, reforms the people there, and leads them to the gods.
Tess realized that the Nephilim were spies of some sort.
That is what it means to be free from the law.
There will never be a way to impose the laws of one’s country on a fighter hiding in an enemy country.
Kariel held out the floating panel at her fingertips.
“do not worry. I’m just passing on information, so I won’t feel shame.”
When a glass panel is attached to the forehead, glass thorns protrude and become embedded in the brain like roots.
Through that root, angelic information penetrates and creates life from a woman’s body.
Kariel held the glass panel to each of the three women’s foreheads as if they were the right size.
All of them had tall and pretty foreheads, so they seemed suitable for rooting.
“Hmm, that’s right. Shall I let you decide? Who will be the first to be subjected to this glorious art?”
The three women shouted at the same time.
“I will do it first!”
The women looked at each other as if they hadn’t expected this reaction. The fact that we were fighting together gave us courage again.
Kariel was satisfied.
In order for the art of life to succeed, the angel’s information must be accurate, but the mother’s role was also quite important.
The probability of success is about 1 in 30, and if it fails, it will go into shock to the brain and die.
However, the more mentally strong and the better the physical condition, the greater the chance of success.
In that respect, all three women were excellent choices.
– Replication of genetic material is complete.
When a voice came down from the ceiling, Kariel raised her hand.
Panels of the same shape were created on the left and right of the vertically floating glass panels.
“Good sisters. Since there is no distinction between superiority and inferiority, let’s plant them at the same time.”
The three panels that left Kariel’s hands came closer, swimming in the air.
Amy’s party was seized with uncontrollable rage. Only now did I realize it clearly.
Archangel Kariel was the worst pervert.
@
Ryan and Kanis arrived at Jebul.
As soon as I crossed the wall, the scene of the Buddhist memorial service was confirmed in the form of countless discs spreading outward. It was like seeing a floating city built on a lotus flower.
As expected from the outside, the inside of Jebul was a labyrinth of dimensions.
Space and the way it leaps through space was too complicated for human thinking to calculate.
There must be some rules, but the two didn’t have time to think about them.
I followed the memory Peope gave me and only moved according to the coordinates.
After going to the same place several times, Kanis was able to find a portal to Ingris.
“Let’s break up here. Even if you know the way, finding it is another matter. It would be good if at least one person went first.”
“Are you okay? If I can’t unlock the mecha system, there’s no point in me going first. If there are enemies in Ingris, it would be more effective to defeat them together.”
Canis looked back at the portal.
I didn’t see any special device, but from the memory Peope gave me, this was Ingris.
The odds of Ingris having enemies were slim, as she hadn’t encountered anyone so far.
But the enemy, if any, was at least more than a mara.
In that respect, it might be better to move together as Lian said.
But Kanis didn’t change his mind.
You don’t know how long it will take to unlock the mecha system. Under no circumstances was it a good idea to waste manpower.
“Anyway, nothing is certain. There is no guarantee that it will be easier just because the two of you go. Let’s each do what we can. That’s for the best now.”
Ryan was convinced. After arranging the Cigna and Exd given to him by Lena, he headed east of Jebul.
Kanis took a deep breath and stepped onto the platform.
I didn’t have to do anything. As soon as I set foot on the coordinates, a crack in the floor opened and a light exploded with a bang.
While I closed and opened my eyes once, the scenery had changed.
Angel’s Library Ingris.
Contrary to the warm feeling contained in the word library, it was a mechanical landscape with no humanity in it.
There was a cross-shaped path based on the central control unit, and the walls were plastered with vertically erected rectangular panels.
Harvest appeared displeased.
To him who feels the world through vibrations, Ingris is a space filled with vibrations without any margin.
Canis looked to see if there were any enemies.
I’ll probably have to go around every corner, but so far I haven’t seen anything that stands out.
—————————————

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-209.txt
=============YYYYY=============
[209] 4. Heaven’s Truth (3)
“Looks like no one is there.”
“It’s better. Whether it’s mara or an angel, honestly, I don’t have the confidence to fight them.”
Canis tilted her head. It was because I didn’t know that Harvest, who had inherited Arcane’s memories, would make a weak sound.
“You are different from Master.”
“Memory alone does not determine personality. ‘Cause I’m designed to protect you To put it bluntly, you won’t be able to complete your mission without Ikael’s help.”
That’s what it is. The key to returning to the original world was held by Sirone.
Canis was hurt by her pride at not being able to become the main character, but she wasn’t stupid enough to hurt teamwork.
“Still, if the mecha system is not released, there is no chance or anything. Shall we take a look?”
Canis looked around and moved on. Then he suddenly felt strange and approached the wall.
The panels attached at regular intervals were similar to books placed in a library.
I felt a slight tremor as I groped the panel with my hand.
The moment I pressed it, there was a clicking sound.
It would have been a waste if the alarm went off, so I hurriedly retreated. There was a hum and the panel popped out.
Canis grabbed the panel and pulled it completely out. A rectangular electronic board, transparent like glass, was connected to the panel.
I tried standing it vertically and laying it horizontally.
The moment I touched the panel side with my thumb, letters made of light were engraved on the glass plate.
‘Right. It’s an angel’s library.’
Kanis realized as she recalled the enormous amount of panels embedded in Ingris.
Ingris was a space filled with knowledge.
Touching the flashing arrow on the panel turned the page. As she turned the page in admiration, the text continued endlessly.
It was a high-density information system that could not be compared to a book.
Since I couldn’t read the text, my eyes naturally went to the numbers written under the glass.
The first thing that came to my mind was a note left by Master.
Ingris
113-325-4739-49359-234
This was all the records Arcane left behind. Perhaps it is a serial number that identifies the location of the panel.
Kanis was sure that Master had been to Ingris. And here he must have realized something, he must have discovered a way to enhance the dark magic.
Canis examined the text on the glass plate. He couldn’t even figure out how to pronounce it.
“Harvest, do you know what these letters are?”
“no. It’s the first language I’ve ever seen. Do you think you need Arin?”
At that moment, the letters began to collapse, and the language they were using was engraved on the glass.
“Automatic language conversion? Nonsense.”
Ingris is not a space created for Kanis.
Therefore, it can be assumed that all kinds of languages that exist in the world are recorded on the panel.
It was a frightening information accumulation rate.
Kanis looked at the letters engraved on the glass plate again. Written on the page was information about the dream. He glanced over and began to read aloud.
“… … Dreamo is a world you can enter through dreams. The method is to find Louver, a dreamer in a dream, but concentration is required to find him because he is in a place where he is out of touch with the incident. I usually cook at home or take care of my children. It is not too difficult to tell them apart because only the louver is colored.”
went to the next page
“When you see him, hand him the money and tell him you are looking for work. Then, he will arrange for you a few jobs that you can do in your dreams, but if you refuse three times, you will be sent to Dremo. If you find a job you like, you can enjoy your dream until you want it, but when you wake up, you won’t remember it.”
Canis pursed her lips and turned to Harvest.
Harvest shrugged and turned his head back to the panel to read the contents.
“Since time does not exist in the world of Dremo, there are many objects that defy the laws of cause and effect. To bring an object into reality, five conditions must be met. First, you help the owner of the object and receive the object in return. Second, go to the government office and report the theft… … .”
“then no. It is forbidden by law.”
Kanis’s voice suddenly cut off.
Slowly turning her head, there was a dainty-looking woman standing in the first corner of Ingris.
The skin was mauve, and the eyes were sharply slit. Light green curly hair was plentiful, and a red triangle floated above her head.
It was a piece of mara.
Canis and Harvest, whose liver sensations soared, glared at her without even moving.
“Please, could you slowly put it back in place? Even an archangel is forbidden to read Ingris without the manager’s permission.”
Canis didn’t take her eyes off her and put the panel back in place.
As the panel was pulled in, it became indistinguishable from the other panels.
“I’m sorry. It’s my first time here.”
Deciding to give her time to think, Kanis apologized first.
“It seemed so. Because if you’re a subject, you can’t break the law. Anyway, it’s been a while since heresy came in.”
Kanis realized that the shape of her mouth matched her pronunciation.
I wasn’t talking through telepathy.
“How do you know our language?”
“Whoops, I’m a language collector. Besides, his name is Ingris’s caretaker, so why not talk to him? In fact, if you count the number of times, it’s quite good. People who speak the same language as you.”
The person who immediately came to mind was Arcane. Then, he remembered the Unlocker party that Chief Kergo had sent.
“Do you know someone named Kadum?”
The janitor shouted, showing his anger.
“aha! were you that? Of course you know. Heretics came 200 years ago in your time. I asked for the lifespan of a person named Kadum to be extended by 300 years.”
Kanis was convinced after hearing her words.
It was clear that Ingris had a place that controlled human lifespan.
But how?
It was a phenomenon that could not be explained simply by the fact that the degree of information integration was beyond imagination.
“Is that possible? How do you change a person’s lifespan?”
“Ha, this question gets asked a lot. I don’t know, but I don’t know how to get here.”
The janitor walked around with his hands behind his back like a teacher. There was a lot of affection in her eyes as she looked at her panel.
“How can you change your lifespan, because this place is connected to the Akashic Records.”
The Akashic Records were also known by Canis. It was a word that I often came across while researching mythology.
A collection of supernatural information that contains all the records of the universe.
The fact that the same word was used in heaven also meant that the contents of the myth were true.
But it was an unconvincing theory.
“Impossible. You are lying.”
“Hoo? why?”
“Because a record that contains everything in the world cannot exist in the first place. How do I verify that that’s all there is to it? In the end, it was an exaggeration to some extent.”
“Hmm, sure, humans are humans. Well, with your level of thinking, that’s right.”
Canis was a little choked up.
“So you mean no?”
“The Akashic Records are not that grandiose and grand. This world is just the Akashic Records.”
“Tell me so I can understand.”
The caretaker’s eyes lit up as if he had a good idea.
“Since you are human too, I will borrow the explanation from Mecca. Multiply 2 by 3, then add 1 to what is it?”
“Seven, of course.”
“okay. That’s the way humans think. Humans can find the answer by finding the problem. It is said that you can get an answer only if you know the formula.”
“What is that about? So are you different?”
“Not different. Then I’ll present the problem in the way of heaven. I just got the answer 7. Guess what formula I went through to get to 7.”
Canis kept her mouth shut. I don’t know. Because there are infinitely many ways to get to 7.
“You understand now? The Akashic Records are just the answer. Shall we borrow a Norse horse this time? Can you use any expression to fully describe Ingris?”
Language cannot fully convey the original meaning. But now Canis realized what the Akashic Records were.
“Ingris.”
The caretaker nodded in satisfaction.
“That’s right. Ingris is Ingris. Ingris existed even before you came. But to you, this place must have been a non-existent existence. Why?”
“name… … Because I didn’t know.”
This was a serious situation. Kanis realized why Ra needed a name to control lifespan.
name. That’s all.
“Now you can talk. To stone or wind, the world does not exist. A complete nothing. Even though it actually exists like this. It’s because you don’t have the ability to give meaning. When we give the name of the universe to the universe, the universe comes into being.”
Heaven doesn’t try to find the right answer.
Because there is no right answer or all. Rather, they were distorting the truth by changing the formula to reach the correct answer.
It doesn’t matter whether the correct answer 7 changes to 8 or 9.
No matter what answer comes out, it will be everything in the world, and that’s why it will be perfect.
“Man always searches for the only truth, like an idiot. where is the only truth No matter how the world changes, that is all.”
The janitor pointed to the panels.
“Ingris has access to the Akashic Records using the Mecha System. Twist the formula and change the truth. This is called hacking, and a human lifespan can be fixed in no time.”
Canis felt a sense of crisis. The technology to destroy the truth with Mecca’s ability was a level that could never be reached unless the paradigm of mankind changed in an innovative way.
The caretaker clicked his fingers to get his attention.
“Stop the explanation and if you’re here to make a deal, let’s go over there. Because you can change your lifespan from the central control unit.”
The janitor sent a furtive glance and pointed to a mechanism standing in the center of the intersection.
Kanis recalled the image of the black dealer he had seen in Radum in the past. Then, all of a sudden, the situation felt unreal.
Mara belongs to Heaven, and she is a heretic. Why doesn’t she harm herself?
“You want to make a deal? You should know what the situation is like outside right now.”
“huh? ej@culation outside? What’s going on in heaven?”
“You don’t know?”
“Of course I don’t know. I am Ingris’ caretaker. Just processing the information here is daunting. I haven’t been outside in tens of thousands of years.”
Kanis had a hunch that what she said was true. Except for the part where she talked like she was busy and didn’t care.
She is quarantined here.
Even he thought it had to be.
When a custodian with the authority to amend the Akashic Records comes into contact with the world’s information, something terrible may happen.
‘Somehow, I thought it was strange that only one Mara was managing it. Well, is it better for me?’
In any case, a conflict with the janitor is unavoidable. Because if she only makes a deal and goes back, she won’t be able to watch Jebul’s security device be unlocked without her noticing.
“If it’s a deal, what kind of deal are you talking about?”
“Oh, yes. Why are you doing this when you know everything? I mean life, life. Anyone can extend your lifespan.”
“What price do I have to pay?”
The caretaker winked, slightly lifting his thumb and forefinger.
“Very cheap. All it takes is one word.”
“word? To pay for a word?”
“As I said before, I am not a collector of languages. smart thanks That’s why Ingris manages it too. Any word doesn’t matter. All you have to do is sell me one word you know.”
“If I sell a word, I won’t know the word, right?”
“yes. I’ll never know the word for the rest of my life. It will be erased from the Akashic Records. but doesn’t it matter? It doesn’t matter if there is not a single word.”
As the manager said, there are many words in the world that you know but do not use.
If it’s something like double swearing, what difference does it make if you don’t use at least one?
However, I was rather anxious because I thought the price was too cheap.
—————————————

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-21.txt
=============YYYYY=============
Please enable JavaScript
[Translator – Anwen]
Chapter 21
Ethella walked around comfortably, as if she did not enter the Spirit Zone, and continued to explain.
“This is the basic form of the Spirit Zone. It takes up all the space equally. However, in an actual fight, more often than not, you will not have the opportunity to use the entire space. Let me give you an example.”
When Ethella flicked her finger, a target appeared 20 meters away.
“With a diameter of only 10 meters, you won’t be able to affect the target with magic. As such, you would have no choice but to either move towards them or increase the size of your Spirit Zone. However, simply changing the size of your Spirit Zone isn’t something you can do on a whim… But by changing the shape, you can do something like this.”
Ethella’s Zone lengthened in the direction of the target. It had the same volume but was able to reach the target by changing its shape.
“The shape of your mind dictates the shape of your Spirit Zone. And then…”
Ethella held out her hand and chanted.
“Fire.”
Fire burst out and burned the target 20 meters away. The eyes of the new students who were in their first-ever class popped open. Ethella, who had been taken lightly because of her gentle appearance, suddenly looked imposing.
“However, there is a fatal problem when using this method.”
Due to Ethella’s words, the new students were embarrassed after hearing that the demonstration a while ago was actually an example of something bad.
“The shape of the Zone can vary. However, having to change the shape every second in a battle is inefficient. So mages use a specific pattern to decrease its inefficiency. And they do it through the Spirit Zone’s four patterns, the Four Way Formation.
Shirone’s heart started pounding after hearing the concept for the first time.
“The first form in the Four Way Formation is the Defense Form.”
Ethella’s Spirit Zone closed in and transformed into a cube with 20 triangular faces. Although it looked rough, it appeared similar to a sphere from a distance.
PR/N: Imagine a sphere that’s sort of squarish and has a low-polygon count, that’s what it looks like.
“The basis of the Defense Form is the cube. It’s about building a mental framework using the frames. Oh, and the frames are the triangular faces, for those who don’t know. The more frames the cube has, the more durable it becomes. It’s also a shape that can protect a large number of allies. Next is the Attack Form.”
Ethella changed the shape of her Spirit Zone. The spherical surface area seemed to decrease, while dozens of long needles extended in all directions.
“The Attack Form has, what we call, a star shape. In return for decreasing the center area, it extends the number of Zones. It covers all directions, so you don’t have to worry about the location of your target. It’s the ideal form when dealing with multiple enemies. Next is the target form.”
Ethella’s Zone changed once again. Her Spirit Zone extended out into the four cardinal directions: north, east, south, and west. The final form was shaped like a cross.
“The basis of the Target Form is the cross. It has the longest range among the basic forms of the Four Way Formation, and although its power is less than that of the Offensive Form, it can easily detect and seize the target.”
As she flicked her finger, the targets began to encircle Ethella and in response, she followed the targets with sharp eyes.
“45 degrees to the side. Fire.”
The cross started spinning, and every time the cross caught a target, fire shot out. Magic was cast simultaneously, front to rear, left to right. And no mistakes were made. It was as if she also had eyes located at the back of her head.
“What you need to master for the Target Form is the speed of your Spirit Zone rotation. While, when done to an extreme, the Straight Form will have the greatest range. But this adjustment is only really used when attacking from a distance and if the target is straight ahead. Since a mage is usually stationed at the very end of a straight line, it is extremely difficult to change the direction of the Spirit Zone.”
Ethella stopped talking for a second and took the time to wipe her glasses.
“Lastly, the Deviate Form is about shifting the center of the Zone. In other words, it would be like moving your brain.”
Shirone did not understand. The center of the Zone indicates the mage’s head, so how could someone just move it?
Ethella returned to the basic form.
After a while, her Spirit Zone began to move while maintaining its shape as a sphere.
Ten seconds later, her Spirit Zone completely detached from Ethella’s body.
Shirone was amazed. If a Zone was a mage’s mind, what was in the center of that Zone?
“This is the Deviate Form. It’s a special one among the four forms. This is because the further away it goes, the smaller the zone becomes. And learning it is quite difficult. It is to the point that there are mages that specialize in only that form. That is how hard it is to handle the Deviate Form. However, there is one thing to keep in mind… It is the fastest among the four forms. Its activation speed is instant.”
For a finale, Ethella showed her students the Four Way Formation in sequence, one after the other. From a hardened cube, to a jagged star, then a stretched cross, and finally, when it returned to a sphere, the Zone broke off from her body and rapidly whirled around her.
“Whoaaaaa…”
Class 7 students finally realized. The Four Way Formation was not something easily achieved within a year or two. The teacher in front of them was a certified Grade 6 mage, not a brainless, innocent-looking child.
“From now on, you guys will be practicing the Four Way Formation. You’ll be practicing the four forms in repetition. Now, let’s spread out by class and practice.”
The students were taught different lessons according to their class. Shirone took Ethella’s class along with Class 7 students.
“First of all, let’s learn more about the Defense Form. Depending on the mage’s propensity, they will have an easier time with certain forms. But it’s good to constantly polish and strengthen the Defensive Form. Because even in chaotic battlefields, you will be able to concentrate, and above all, you will gain the strength to resist Anti-Magic.”
Shirone recalled the precautions he had heard yesterday, and since the staff did not answer, his question still remained.
[Translator – Anwen]
Join our discord for updates on releases!
“Ms. Romie, I have a question. Um… May I ask a question?”
“Hoho, feel free to ask. I hope asking if you can ask a question was not your question.”
“Um, yes. Why is Anti-Magic a forbidden magic? I hear that a lot of mages are studying Anti-Magic legally.”
“Hmm, let’s see. There are two types of Anti-Magic. Anti-Magic for mages and Anit-Magic on artifacts. Do you know this?”
“Yes, I do.”
“Anti-Magic is the Spirit Zone imbued with special properties. Therefore, the effectiveness differs depending on the mind of the mage. That is what’s different from artifact Anti-Magic.”
Come and read on our website wuxia worldsite. Thanks
“So it can be dangerous if clumsily handled.”
“That’s exactly it. If you were to cast it without being familiar with it, it might lead to an accident. Mages who specialize in Anti-Magic train in only that for a lifetime. Though a lot of times, they reach a dead end. The academy does not recommend that path to all of you.”
Shirone nodded. It was a magic that destroyed minds, so it was not a subject to study at an academy filled with kids.
“Okay! Back to the Four Way Formation.”
Each Class 7 student began practicing. The trick was to build a mental framework first and then connect it together.
After practicing for a while, Shirone felt his Spirit Zone becoming solid, so he opened his eyes. He couldn’t visually confirm as it wasn’t an Image Zone, but he certainly seemed to have achieved something.
It was a remarkable achievement considering Shirone was a convergent type. This was the result of him focusing only on his Spirit Zone for 6 years.
“Wow! Look at that!”
His classmates pointed to an Image Zone and shouted.
Class 4 students were taking turns, and now it was Amy’s turn… And she put on an amazing show.
Amy cast the Target Form. Her cross turned 90 degrees to the right and then 270 degrees to the left, twisting between angles incessantly and shooting flames.
The length of the Zone was about 20 meters, which was an acceptable level for a Target Form, but the rotational speed of the Zone was incredible.
Although the targets were up from all directions, the number of flames shooting out from four directions was at the level of rapid firing.
After destroying 120 targets in an instant, Amy removed her Zone. Beautiful looks with outstanding skills. Underclassmen looked up at her with twinkling eyes.
Shirone realized again after seeing the awe in the eyes of the Class 7 students… Why was a girl from such an amazing family hanging out with thugs six years ago?
After ruminating in his head, Shirone suddenly flinched. Amy, who just came out from the Image Zone, was staring right at Shirone. And naturally, other students followed her gaze and also turned to stare at Shirone.
“Huh? Do they know each other?”
“No? Wasn’t he admitted just yesterday?”
“Don’t tell me she fell for him… She’s someone who doesn’t even glimpse at anyone…”
After hearing the whispers among the crowd, Amy hurriedly turned her gaze away. She felt like she was going crazy.
Amy knew Shirone was the only one who knew about her immature past. After all, she had straightened herself out after she started learning magic.
‘This can’t be… I’m graduating soon. If a rumor were to spread now, everything could go down the drain. What should I do?’
Although Amy went back to her place, none of the students moved to use the Image Zone. In both fame and reputation, she was No. 1 in the Intermediate Class, so no matter who volunteered to come forward, they would only be humiliated in front of the lowerclassmen.
Shirone thought right now was an opportunity and walked up to Ethella.
“Ms. Romie, if you don’t mind, can I go next?”
“Hm? You mean into the Image Zone?”
Ethella tilted her head. What reason could there be for a student who had just started learning the Four Way Formation to use the Image Zone?
“Wait a minute… the upperclassmen have to go first. That’s the rule.”
Ethella waited… But nobody made a move to use it. So instead of letting such an expensive device go to waste, she thought it’d be best to let someone give it a go, even if it was for just a simple experience.
“Alright. It won’t hurt to try it out in advance. However, the targets won’t be up. You might get hurt.”
“Okay, I just thought it’d be a good idea to have a look at my Defense Form.”
“What?”
Ethella asked, dumbfounded. But Shirone, who didn’t catch it, was already walking away.
As the Image Zone went up, upperclassmen whistled and applauded… However, they didn’t do it to encourage him. Rather, they just wanted a good show. They weren’t expecting much. Without giving them his attention, Shirone walked to the center with no care.
Amy, who was drinking water, looked towards the stage. And as soon as her eyes caught Shirone’s figure, she spewed out the water in her mouth.
“PFFFFFFFFT!”
“You okay, Amy? What’s wrong?”
“What the heck is he doing? He’s from Class 7, what can he do? He should know better than that.”
At the sudden occurrence, class time turned into break time. However, Shirone was solely focused on what he was about to do.
As Shirone entered the Spirit Zone, his sphere began to swell rapidly. As soon as he saw it with his eyes, he stopped breathing. Overwhelmed by the image, Shirone unconsciously stopped expanding.
The noisy students were at a loss for words. The size of the Zone was 20 meters in diameter. Considering the average diameter for Class 7 students was 13 meters, it was safe to say that this was the appearance of a new prodigy.
“Wow! It’s huge!”
“Humph. Can anything be labeled as magic if it just increases in size? It’s nothing more than an air bubble.”
Shirone was taken aback. Just before he entered the Image Zone, the frame he had built was fine, but now it was bending like a Korean taffy.
‘How come it’s not working?’
‘Did my mentality waver after seeing my own Spirit Zone? That can’t be the reason…’
Shirone did not think he was that weak, so he was positive the problem laid within the basics.
‘AHA! That’s it!’
In his current state, The Four Way Formation would inevitably collapse. This was because this was his first time casting it, and due to that, he needed to concentrate way more and expend way more mental strength in order to cast the Four Way Formation.
There was a lack of materials to build the structure. At a diameter of only 20 meters, he would not be able to construct a frame as rigid as steel.
‘I have to increase the size to the maximum.’
Join our discord for updates on releases!

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-210.txt
=============YYYYY=============
Please enable JavaScript
[210] 4. Heaven’s Truth (4)
“I don’t understand. Why do you have a contract like this? I understand that Ingris’ caretaker cannot meddle in the affairs of heaven. But you also follow the law. Selling one’s life to a heretic wouldn’t be a normal mission.”
The caretaker blinked blankly.
“You are very direct. Usually, you know this but pretend not to know. good anyway I took Ingris librarian because I have the ability to pick up concepts. for tens of thousands of years What could this mean? can’t do anything here So i need words To get out of here.”
It was an absurd sound. However, it was not impossible in theory.
Mara’s lifespan will be close to eternal life. She doesn’t know how much is left, but if she puts the words together, she will get there someday.
“So you’re trying to become the Akashic Record yourself.”
“Ho Ho! That’s right! I realized while controlling the information here. I can be a god too But one is missing! That I only took out information about getting out of here. have to fill it up! So Ethan is my main customer. If only I could get out of here, I would be greater than Ra!”
Harvest spoke through the mental channel.
-Kanis, this woman is dangerous.
Kanis’s thoughts were also a bit tasteless.
One day, the words will be put together to complete the Akashic Records, but no one knows when.
Of course, the feeling was understandable.
If he had stayed in the library for tens of thousands of years, he would have gone mad.
Madness gradually seeped from the caretaker’s eyes.
“Are you going to do it or not? It’s been a long time since I’ve been in the middle of a long time. Do you have any other ulterior motives?”
A bluish aura ran through Mara’s body. Her strong hostility came through.
If you don’t trade, it’s a battle. But can we win? If you die here, your friends’ efforts will be in vain.
-Kanis, this is a dangerous job. You have to be careful.
Canis also guessed the risk now.
The suggestion that one could live longer by selling a single word was tempting for any human being.
Honestly, when I first received the offer, the first thing that came to my mind was myself and Arin.
What would the world be envious of if lifespan increased to 300 years?
But they didn’t.
The Unlockers who came here 200 years ago extended the lifespan of Kadum and returned to the original world as per the contract.
The reason was simple.
Because you have to reveal your name.
It was the same reason why Canis didn’t risk his life.
Is it really safe to give the name to Mara, who can control all information?
When he learned the word canis, he had no idea what kind of request the half-insane Mara would make.
-I know. But I can’t wait forever. The mecha system must also be turned off.
As Canis remained silent, the caretaker’s face contorted like a monster.
It was just before the runaway.
‘Even if it’s a piece of Mara, a head-on confrontation is at a disadvantage. I have no choice but to waste time signing a contract.’
I didn’t think anything serious would happen if I skipped a single word.
However, those who came 200 years ago said it was definitely not a lucrative trade.
It was said that it suffered a huge loss considering that the officer’s influence on history was inevitable.
‘Anyway, they made a deal. that’s for sure What the hell happens when you sell a word?’
Canis imagined the situation 200 years ago. He couldn’t think of anything.
Then a thought struck me. Obviously, if Master had come to Ingris, what kind of choice would he have made?
‘I see! That was it!’
Canis directed the operation.
-I’ll take my time. You look for the panel with the serial number written on the memo. something will be written
-What are you going to do? Even if it’s an enhancement method of dark magic, it’s not something you can do right away.
-no. Master must have known that Ingris had a caretaker. Still, leaving only the serial number might not be what we were looking for.
-Right. okay. But the number is complicated and it will take time to find it.
Harvest, who disappeared in Canis’ shadow, was absorbed into the darkness and escaped to another place.
“Okay, let’s make a deal.”
When Canis said as if she had given up, the caretaker’s face instantly brightened.
“Good idea! So who? Shall I extend your life?”
“no. It’s Kadum again.”
“Oh, yes? I don’t know who that person is, but I’m very blessed.”
“Instead of… … This time, instead of increasing it, return it to its original state. If it was Ingris, would it be possible?”
The caretaker blinked incredulously.
It was the first time that people asked for a lifespan to be restored, even though there were many people asking for a lifespan increase.
An evil smile spread across her lips.
“It’s gonna be fun. Do you think something happened?”
Kanis responded with the same smile.
Kergo’s chief, Kadum, is starving his tribesmen to death for his eternal life. Canis, who knew the pain of starvation, didn’t like him.
After all, he is a human who has lived for another 300 years with the money he extorted from the tribesmen.
You should think that it’s fortunate that you don’t kill it right away and return it to its original lifespan.
“Good good. I like things like this.”
The janitor banged frantically on the central control unit.
Canis pretended to like her and watched what she was doing. I’m not familiar with the machine, but once I looked at it, it would be helpful later.
“Okay, that’s it. I restored life to its original state. Of course, there are some differences from person to person. Because it’s different to accept time. Still, this person probably won’t live long. If you subtract 300 years, you’re almost at your biological limit?”
“doesn’t care. You lived long enough.”
“Ho-ho-ho! I’ve lived a lot for a human being. Well then… … .”
Canis stepped back in surprise. Suddenly, the manager’s eyes changed.
I expected it to some extent, but I got goosebumps when I saw the sudden change in my mental state. I just hoped that Harvest would move a little faster.
“Contract complete! Shall we take away the words then?”
“Keugh!”
Sensing a headache, Canis frowned. I don’t know what kind of ability it is, but it’s an out-of-regulation.
The problem was that it was a contract, not a price.
If it is a rule out of mutual contract, even if cancellation is impossible, it does not violate the equivalent exchange.
“shit! Didn’t I choose the words?”
“Knock! Of course! I’m just going to look at the liver. huh? It’s okay. Let’s see what words you have. oh, this is good I like this too! I’m going crazy because I like everything!”
Seeing the janitor screaming with an ecstatic expression, Canis corrected her misunderstanding.
It’s not to the extent that it’s slightly tasteless. It was similar to the obsession seen in number-crazy nerds.
-Harvest, are you still far away?
-wait! I found the second item.
The second serial number meant that there was still a long way to go.
Canis was thinking of using magic to stretch time.
But the magic didn’t work. When I came up with any concept of her, she immediately deleted it.
‘damn. It was this ability.’
Eating Out the Manager’s Rules The ‘Editorial Department in the Head’ can edit the thoughts of the contracted subject at will.
The ability that the caretaker casts on Canis is called ‘recommendation’, which is to edit and propose his thoughts.
If you activate the right of veto, you can regain your original thoughts, but the fact that logical thinking is impossible for a short time was fatal to the battle.
“how is it? Are you out of your mind? eye. anger. colleague. Concentration. What else should I edit?”
“Damn it!”
Kanis gritted his teeth to keep from losing his thoughts. It was as if a part of his head was empty, as the linguistic structures associated with it collapsed with each escaped word.
“Knock-knock! Got it now? How important is a single word? 200 years ago that man sold me the word mosquito! Hate it or what! So do you know what happened?”
– Harvest!
– Almost found! It’s the last item!
Canis couldn’t come to her senses.
Even if he exercised the right to veto, he was on the verge of losing his consciousness as he made up his mind and messed up.
Satisfied enough, the caretaker grabbed Canis by the neck and lifted her up.
Despite looking weak, Mara’s physical strength surpassed Tabu.
“The human went mad after having nightmares about mosquitoes for days. can you imagine It comes out in a dream, but he doesn’t know what it is. He wouldn’t be able to endure any human being without going mad. Crunchy!”
Canis realized how distorted history can be.
Wasn’t it a lucrative business? they lost a friend The value of a single word is life after all.
“fraud… … It’s the same.”
“oh? Because he also had plans behind him.”
The caretaker turned his head while holding Canis by the neck.
All the panels in the seat Harvest had swept away had come off. He probably looked through the panels to find a word he didn’t know, and then tried to sell it.
“Huh, I used my head quite a bit. But that’s impossible. The words you can sell are only those that have been given a meaning. You explained it that way earlier. You don’t have the ability to learn, do you?”
Kanis’s face turned black. Her blood wasn’t getting to her brain.
“Now, why don’t you put it down and get comfortable? Or will I die here?”
-Ha, Harvest… … .
-found! Canis!
Harvest fumbled with his hand at the record written on the glass plate.
Because he felt the world through vibrations, the sentences written on the board permeated through the mental channels.
Canis’ half-turned pupils returned to their original position.
“Okay, skip the words.”
“Huh, you made a good choice. Now, what words will come out?”
‘Recommendation’ is clearly a powerful ability. But the real fear was in ‘coercion’.
It is activated by a contract and permanently takes away the words suggested by the opponent, and the aftermath is directly related to life.
The caretaker waited for Canis’ answer with mad eyes.
A situation where you have to come up with one word even though you know it’s crazy.
It was the most thrilling moment for her.
“you… … .”
The caretaker’s brow furrowed slightly. I don’t like words that start with euro.
“you. Re. card.”
Canis immediately fell to the floor. Grabbing his neck and holding his breath, he raised his head to see the caretaker trembling with a pale face.
“you… … How, my name… … .”
What was written on the serial number panel left by Arcane had nothing to do with dark magic at all.
Mara fever.
Among them, it was a record related to Eureka, the manager of Ingris.
Eureka wasn’t crazy to begin with.
Rather, it was a decent mara that entered the heads of intellectuals and edited their thoughts to help them come up with ideas.
Perhaps tens of thousands of years of loneliness had brought her to this point.
“Oh, no! It can’t end like this!”
Canis knew about Eureka and forgot about it.
In the end, the current situation is like Eureka, which cannot exist, so it had no choice but to disappear according to the law of cause and effect.
“no! Just a little more! I could have been a god! call me! Tell me who I am!”
“I’m sorry… … .”
Kanis said with a faint smile.
“I don’t know who you are.”
Shock lingered in Eureka’s eyes. Her pupils flipped over, and a scream filled with screams ran up Ingris’ wall.
When Eureka disappeared, the rule out was released, and Canis regained the concept.
“Whoa, I really can’t even do this.”
Canis sat down. If Harvest had found the information a little later, she would have left for the other world.
Oh, was this the other world?
“Canis, are you okay?”
“Oh, okay. If you rest a little, your mental strength will recover.”
Ingris, who had lost her owner, was cold.
Canis looked at the spot where Eureka had disappeared. Loneliness was a painful word for him too.
Harvest spoke as if representing that mindset.
“I must have been lonely. To rot in a place like this for tens of thousands of years.”
“Mara said it was only resetting. In the next life, I will be able to live a better life than now.”
After a silence that resembled silence, Harvest spoke.
“By the way, Kanis, there is one fact I should tell you. The moment he heard the word Eureka, Arcane’s memories were partially revived. It must have been some kind of keyword.”
Realizing something, Canis jumped up.
—————————————

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-211.txt
=============YYYYY=============
Please enable JavaScript
[211] 4. Heaven’s Truth (5)
“It’s a double lock!”
“yes. What a meticulous guy I’ll show you the memories of Arcane from now on, so check it out for yourself.”
Harvest’s memories spilled over. It seemed that Arcane had come to heaven with his companions.
In the meantime, I entered Ingris alone.
Not surprisingly, Eureka offered a contract.
Arcane accepted Ingris’ offer of free reading. Even then, she was insane, so as soon as her contract was concluded, she started attacking Arcane.
‘Master… … .’
Unlike Canis, who couldn’t even use his hands in battle, Arcane fought Eureka closely without being pushed back in the slightest.
‘Nonsense. How do you cast magic when your words are redacted?’
Canis searched for a bit more.
The answer was ingenious enough to be called Arcane. All memories were erased with Abyss-type magic.
When the idea disappears, there is no concept that can be sold.
It didn’t end there. Arcane began to restore the morphemes of language one by one.
I tried to find the name of Mara by comparing all the possible combinations of morphemes with the editor’s reaction.
At one point, as the near-infinite words were being assembled and dismantled repeatedly, Eureka suddenly screamed.
Pale and tired, she didn’t look back and flew off to a place where there were no Arcanes.
The location where Arcane’s language combination roulette stopped was Eureka.
“… … You mean this is possible? You combined tens of thousands of languages in that short moment.”
“Because there is no limit to what happens in your mind. Well, even so, you can’t write a novel. it’s mathematical After laying out the morphemes and creating an algorithm, they turned it into a roulette wheel. When I was young, it seems that my brain was still active. Anyway, just looking at what made me, I’m a genius. Even if I hadn’t insisted on dark magic, I wouldn’t have stayed as a third-class wizard.”
Canis felt proud to be Arcane’s disciple.
Besides, wasn’t the fact that he was able to defeat Eureka stemming from a note left by Master?
Perhaps Eureka was hiding until Arcane left. Meanwhile, it was clear that Arcane had found Eureka’s information and recorded the serial number.
The last memories of Arcane entered Canis’ mind. I was thrilled to learn the true reason behind the double lock.
Arcane was conveying the location to his disciple by memory, not by record.
Canis walked to the spot where Arcane had last stood. Then, imitating his master’s movements, he stretched out his hand toward the panel.
‘Thank you, Master.’
Of course, at the time, Arcane would not have known that he would accept Canis as a disciple. But the message he was sending to his juniors who were about to arrive was clear.
Sorceress, be a boy forever.
Taking out the panel designated by Arcane and changing the language, Canis confirmed the text floating on the glass.
book of light and darkness.
Canis flipped through the pages and skimmed them quickly. One of the phrases touched his heart and he stared intently at it.
Harvest said while patting his shoulder.
“You have achieved your purpose for coming to heaven.”
“no. You can’t see that until you return safely. We have to save Arin.”
“I guess so. would that one be ok? It’s been quite a while.”
Kanis handed the panel over to Harvest and went to Central Control.
“A good time for Lian to arrive. copy the record I’ll try disabling the mecha system.”
Harvest put his palm on the glass plate and stamped out the entire letter. It was a way to memorize all the patterns of vibration by turning the page.
Arriving at the central control unit, Canis couldn’t touch anything. A cold sweat broke out on his forehead.
I knew the principle while spying on Eureka touching the screen, but it was impossible to handle the equipment I had never seen before like an expert.
“Damn, what’s so complicated?”
Kanis pressed random buttons. Could the worst mistake be anything but broken?
At some point, the entire map of Jebul appeared.
When I touched the Great World War, the screen expanded and numerous items continued in a row.
When I entered the security system, the setting to block the mecha system caught my eye.
Kanis chose to cancel without hesitation.
Several areas that appeared dotted on the map were revealed as sharp lines.
“Kanis, I saved all the records. Since I only memorized it as a pattern, I will convert it into a language when I have time.”
“good. I also found one. Looking at the map, every area in Jebul has a portal to Ingris. In a word, this place is the heart of Jebul. So, if you ride the portal in reverse, you will be able to go to the nearest portal to the Great World War.”
Canis and Harvest ran to the edge of Ingris.
I’m glad things went well, but that didn’t make things any better.
Arin is still there.
I just hoped that Lian wasn’t late.
@
Ikael’s memories flooded into Sirone’s unconscious mind. The order of time was jumbled, but it was faster than the speed of his thoughts, so he could not feel the contradiction.
Sirone was shocked to see the form of Ra conveyed by Ikael. It was the pinnacle of bizarreness. However, the level of intelligence he contained transcended that of human beings in this world.
“Even if the parts change, the whole is perfect.”
Ra was the first intellect to realize the existence of the universe.
“The universe is something God abandoned. Doesn’t anyone know that this exists! But I gave it meaning. Therefore, this universe is mine.”
The first entity that Ra gave meaning to was an angel.
The causal law 1st entity was the 2nd entity, and there it was further subdivided into giants and fairies. Each of them acted according to the law and spread the will of Ra.
Ikael took Sirone to a certain world. There were countless creatures living there, but no one could give meaning to them.
A two-kilometer-tall giant arrived through a dimensional door. As the giant rose, his face pierced the clouds, and the mountain ranges fell below his waist.
Ikael also told me about the giants.
The anecdote said that there are a total of 10 levels of alcohol, and among them, only giants who have reached level 6 can leave for a new world.
The giant let out a roar. The body gradually began to disintegrate, and blood and flesh fell like rain.
Again, a long time passes… … In the place where the giant fell, humans began to appear one by one.
When the humans who created the society developed their civilization, an angel came and placed a child on the girl’s body. One day the child will become a Nephilim and lead people to heaven.
As time passed, changes began to occur in human society.
Humans with the ability to give meaning grew rapidly and eventually became intoxicated with their own power and began to distance themselves from God.
Heaven’s armies came down to punish them.
The fight was one-sided. Heaven’s power was mighty, and the Angels and Maras destroyed countless civilizations.
Nevertheless, humans persisted and prospered and also repeated the same mistakes.
Then one day, a group of people who denied God appeared on the southern island of Galiantra.
The archangel Ikael himself stepped forward. Able to activate the power of all things, she amplified Galliant’s volcanic activity by more than 20,000 times and caused a volcanic eruption.
Time passed quickly, and a world similar to the era in which Sirone lived unfolded.
Humans were still thriving.
Deciding that the disrespect had reached its peak, Ankera finally decided to destroy mankind.
final war. It was the end of the world.
Sirone watched the situation in heaven at the time.
A portal tens of meters high was open, and in front of it, the heavenly army of giants, fairies, and subjects was preparing to advance.
The vibrations of the angels resounded in the sky, and the roars of Maras clad in armor resonated on the ground.
‘no! No way!’
Sirone forgot that the scene unfolding before her eyes was the past and screamed. can never win When the army of heaven came in, the world was over.
When the sortie order was given, an enormous army rushed into the portal, led by an angel.
Sirone’s spirit followed them into the portal. After passing through the colorful tunnel, I saw the exit.
My stomach churned with tension. This is a past memory.
But then, how the hell did humans stop the army of heaven?
‘Even history has not recorded a war like that.’
As soon as the destination was in sight, the Maras screamed and burned their fighting spirit. Sirone flew ahead of them. And the moment I reached the end of the portal, I was frozen.
What unfolded before my eyes was not the original world.
A pale space with nothing. And there was a woman standing there.
It was Adrias Miro.
“Guppin, I will not forgive you.”
Miro was crying. With her alone glaring at her host, she threw out her fist and cast her spell.
Then an amazing thing happened. As if blocked by an invisible barrier, the leading maras began to stop.
The angels looked at the maze in perplexity. On the other hand, the Maras pounded the barrier and screamed.
“This unclean thing! You will pay the price for betraying Ra!”
“Remember wisely, maze! The end has only been postponed! When that time comes, I will kill you first!”
Sirone learned the whole truth.
It created another space-time between the hole in heaven and the human world and cut the connection.
that’s the… … It was the construction of a maze.
A large man from the group of angels flew to the end of the portal.
It was Archangel Uriel.
“How long do you think you can endure this? There is no way to avoid the final war. we will definitely come back Make the most of the little time you have left.”
Miro bit his lip until it bled. As new time and space filled in, the distance between them increased.
Uriel glared at Miro fiercely, then turned around. Then the angels began to return to heaven one by one.
However, the Maras remained until the end and cursed. He screamed in a desperate voice until he couldn’t see the maze that was gradually moving away.
Sirone also went away with the army of Heaven. But he couldn’t take his eyes off the maze.
I realized why the Archmage Arcane didn’t want to go to the world even while erasing his memory.
One day, there was a moment when humanity was about to perish.
And Miro, still staying in her own space, was delaying the end of the world.
5. Angel’s Magic Ceremony (1)
Sirone opened her eyes.
The first thing I felt was refreshing. It was like waking up from a long sleep.
How long have you been sleeping?
Shirone, who had gone so far in her thoughts, raised herself up and shouted.
“no! Friends… … !”
Ikael reassured Sirone.
“Do not worry. It wouldn’t have taken me five minutes to fall asleep.”
“But why is the body… … ?”
“As my light penetrated, my mind became clear. I can activate everything.”
As she said, the mental strength that had been exhausted during the series of battles from Girin to Taboo was completely restored.
“Ah, thank you. I didn’t even know that… … .”
“are you okay. Anyway, how does it feel to know the secret of heaven?”
Sirone traced the memories Ikael had given her. He fainted as if he were dreaming, but it was definitely not a dream.
I found out a great fact. It was particularly shocking that Miro had done such a thing.
“The ability to connect dimension to dimension is the exclusive property of angels. But since ancient times, we have passed on the powers of angels to humans.”
“That’s the Nephilim.”
“is it so. The Nephilim play a role in guiding humans to the gods. However, some Nephilim do the opposite. Most of those civilizations break away from God’s will and build their own civilization. Just like the world Sirone lived in.”
Sirone knew the reason why ancient magic equipment was different. At some point, humans got away from God’s will, and the magic that developed independently was the Spirit Zone.
—————————————

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-212.txt
=============YYYYY=============
Please enable JavaScript
[212] 5. Angel’s Magic Ceremony (2)
“It was called Guffin. It’s the same guffin that made the guffin’s door, right? Why did Miro call that person’s name at the last minute?”
Ikael blinked his eyes in surprise.
It was unexpected that Sirone heard that voice. However, he continued to explain in a calm tone.
“Guffins are the first gatekeepers to protect your world from the armies of Heaven. Miro, for example… … It can be said to be the successor to Guffin.”
“yes? Are you saying the labyrinth isn’t the first?”
“The circumstances the two faced were different, but for now, yes. McLean Guffin, he must be one of the finest human beings in your world. No, he’s better than any Nephilim. That’s probably what separates humans from God.”
“Then where is he now?”
Ikael shook his head.
“I went to a place where I couldn’t look down. Leaving behind a successor named Miro.”
“But that means… … .”
“is it so. She must forever serve as a barrier in a place where time does not flow. Otherwise, Sirone’s world will perish.”
Sirone’s lips trembled. The last time I saw Miro’s face came to mind vividly.
How did she feel when she was isolated from the world and had to face solitude without a promise?
At that moment, I felt terrifying.
The conversations I had with the principal came to mind one by one.
At that time, Alpheas’ face looked sad. No, he sometimes put on a scary face like an angry man.
What if the maze didn’t choose that path on its own?
What if someone forced you to quarantine?
Thinking that far, Sirone got goosebumps.
It couldn’t even be called a crime. It was a decision that threw a single human into an eternity of hell.
“How long will the alternative maze be… … ?”
“Even now, the army of Heaven is fully prepared for the final battle. Maybe it won’t take too long. It’s because the coordinates are recorded in the metagate brought by Sirone and the others.”
Sirone’s mind went blank.
Miro used scale magic to block Heaven’s gate. But Metagate was like opening a new gate to heaven.
“no way… … I can’t… … .”
“no. It’s possible. As long as there is a Metagate, it is possible to bypass the space-time of the labyrinth with Heaven’s technology.”
Sirone felt like his body was about to collapse.
It wasn’t a matter of living or dying. It was the destruction of the entire human race.
I couldn’t believe it was true. What the hell have we done?
“That’s why I want to help. Sirone’s friends are caught in a great world war. Kariel will implant Nephilim information into the girls’ bodies.”
“Why? You said you were preparing for the final war! But what does the Nephilim have to do with this yard?”
“Because things have changed. The maze is not a Nephilim. Even so, I opened Immortal Function on my own. Such cases are extremely rare, but they happen quite often in Sirone’s world.”
That was the reason why there was confusion when I heard the word Nephilim at Nor’s Shelter. There were too many Unlockers to be descendants of angels.
“That means that Sirone’s world has become farther away from Ra’s will. Guffins are what dragged time so humans could understand the nature of the world. And now that will has taken over to Miro. Of course, the amount of time she defended pales in comparison to her guffins. But given the speed of her growth, it is something that cannot be overlooked.”
Sirone agreed with that.
The speed of development of magic was definitely accelerating. It was also the point at which an analysis came out that the performance of the past 100 years was worse than the recent 10 years.
“This time, even humans won’t be easily defeated.”
“that’s right. Although it is a minority, even the rulers of the human world are aware of the existence of heaven. Perhaps you are preparing in some way. Now, even one more Nephilim is needed.”
Sirone trembled. He injects angelic information into human bodies in order to destroy them.
For that reason, the thought of Amy giving birth to someone was unbearable.
“Why were you standing by? If you are an archangel, you can ask to be released, right?”
Ikael looked at Sirone with sad eyes.
“ah… … .”
That’s it. Why does Miro hate Ikael? For she is the angel who commands her heavenly armies. Ikael was also once the archangel who punished humans.
“Yes, I am an angel. If the final war breaks out… … I also have no choice but to fight humans.”
Sirone felt as if all the strength in her body was draining away.
Was it like this after all? Should I watch my friends suffer in heaven without anyone’s help?
“I am… … If only it had been before I met the Guffin.”
Ikael smiled and stuck out his tongue.
“Don’t worry, Sirone. I want to help you. Humans, unlike angels, have infinite possibilities. I think the final war should never happen.”
Sirone put on a dazed expression, then realized the weight of her words.
If the archangel, who had risen to the level of the archangel, would stand on the side of humans, there was hope even if the final war broke out.
He said it was before he met Guffin. I couldn’t ask what Ichael was guilty of, but I could guess that he had something to do with him.
“You shouldn’t be too relieved. I am a body with sealed power. Besides, you can’t even leave the room, so even if you help Sirone, you can’t help directly.”
“but… … I cannot defeat an angel with my own strength.”
“that’s right. Angels are strong. Besides, if it’s Kariel, he’s an archangel so powerful that I can’t even deal with him before I lose my power.”
“Then what now?”
He wouldn’t have said that just to kill his spirit. Sirone waited for her solution to come from her, expecting her thread of hope.
“There is one way. Your chances of saving your friends will increase slightly.”
“really? What is it?”
“An angelic magic circle. That’s what Sirone uses.”
“therefore… … You mean Halo?”
“that’s right. Angels activate their abilities by accumulating information in their halos. If Shiroe masters it, he will be able to create one chance at a crucial moment.”
Sirone remembered what happened in Sharmain. The feeling of intimidation I felt when Ikasa opened his halo still lingered in my body.
But does that mean you have to use it yourself?
I didn’t think it would be possible. This is because humans do not have over-spirit.
If there is no asteroid, how can a magic circle be created when there is no space to engrave information?
“Of course it won’t be easy. In order for Sirone to use the angelic magic circle, she must overcome at least three difficulties.”
Ikael said, spreading three fingers.
“The first thing to do is to make the asterism. We know that the human spirit is inside the body, but it can be brought out through special means. Can you?”
Sirone nodded. The concept that Ikael spoke of was a departure from the four ways.
Certainly, if it was a breakaway type, it seemed that it could imitate the angel’s over-spirit to some extent.
“The problem starts now. Even if you made a celestial body, unfolding the halo is on a different level. You should be able to draw a perfect circle. If the circle is distorted even a little, the calculation speed of the light is significantly slowed down, and even if it is slowed down by only 0.1%, the ability of an angel cannot be realized.”
Humans cannot draw a perfect circle. However, it is not impossible in the realm of the mind. It is important to grasp the mathematical concept of a circle.
It wasn’t easy, but it was a hurdle that had to be overcome.
“This is the first hurdle. The second is even more serious. The Angel’s power comes from the enormous amount of information that Halo accumulates. To put it mathematically, even if a human records his or her entire life, it’s not enough. Calculating it at the speed of light is the point of Halo.”
Sirone recalled the scene where Ikael exploded Galliant Volcano. The ability to increase the activity of a dormant volcano by as much as 20,000 times and burst it into an active volcano has surpassed the human category.
“Even if it’s up to the perfect circle, what about the formula? The human mind cannot calculate so much information in an instant that it can cause a volcano to explode.”
“But I have an insight. I’m going to try one here. It’s a psychological bond. I will become Sirone and use Halo. Then, that experience is converted into Sirone’s experience and remains in the mind.”
“That way… … .”
Ikael’s eyes turned fierce.
“Don’t call it a method. It is no different from the extreme violence that can be inflicted on humans. If you don’t do it, Sirone’s spirit will be broken. And my spirit assimilated with Sirone cannot be safe.”
Sirone’s stomach churned. It didn’t matter if his mind was destroyed to save his friends. Because he risked his life from the beginning. However, if even Ikael was in danger, it was a matter that could not be decided hastily.
“If I fail… … .”
“Sirone, don’t think of anything else. I offered to help you. Don’t worry about me, just think about saving your friends for now.”
Sirone took a deep breath to calm her mind. She had no choice but to do as she said.
“What is the third challenge?”
“Even if the formula for the magic circle is completed, whether it can withstand it is another matter. If mental durability is not supported, Sirone will be destroyed. Of course, this is separate from my risk. But if you can’t stand it, it’s better not to try this in the first place.”
“Don’t worry about that. I will definitely endure it.”
I was confident enough at the last gateway. From the time he entered magic school, his spirit showed strength in durability.
Moreover, since he had reached the level of indestructibility, he thought he could endure it to some extent.
“You don’t understand. I know that Sirone has a mental power that never collapses. But that may not be enough.”
“Are you saying it can collapse when it never collapses? That seems like a contradiction.”
“no. The former and the latter have different conceptual layers. If it’s a vessel that holds Sirone’s spirit, the current durability would be enough. However, the concept of an angel born in a higher dimension is of a different quality. A vessel may be sufficient to hold water, but when the water freezes, any vessel is bound to break.”
“Yeah, that’s right.”
It was a mountain beyond a mountain. None of the three hurdles she presented was easily overcome.
No, maybe this was normal.
It was a job for humans to learn the archangel’s magic circle, so it was good to take this level of risk from the beginning.
“Halo will explode Sirone’s mind from within. The choice is Sirone’s. If you know the risks and want to try it, I will help.”
To the angel, mental collapse was like the cessation of life.
If Ikael risked everything to help, Sirone had no reason to refuse.
It is for the sake of my friends, but the opportunity to learn the true intentions of the Archangel will never come again.
“I will try. No, please. I will accept it no matter what the outcome may be.”
“great. From now on, the magic trick to be performed on Sirone is possession. It combines with the spirit to dominate humans. It is usually used by dispatched angels to convey the will of Ra.”
Sirone had read about possession through various literature. I was dubious at the time, but now I have no doubt as the Archangel speaks through his mouth.
“If the possession is successful, the spirits of Sirone and I will merge. It’s easy to harm Sirone if I have an evil mind. Also, if Sirone loses her innocence, that evil will seep into me.”
It was a warning that if we were not careful with each other, something irreversible would happen.
Sirone nodded meekly this time as well. It’s because Ikael can’t have an evil heart.
Nor was he an angel so weak that he could not control his innocence if he lost it.
—————————————

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-213.txt
=============YYYYY=============
[213] 5. Angel’s magic formula (3)
“I will trust you. There will be no anxiety whatsoever.”
Ikael smiled. It was fortunate that Sirone was a quick-witted boy.
“Exactly. Then we will begin now.”
Ikael closed his eyes and cast possession.
As her asteroid burrowed into Sirone’s head, Sirone opened her eyes wide.
A flash of light emanated from her pupils, and she felt a strange feeling of merging two minds.
– Sirone, how are you feeling?
– Huh, huh? this… … .
Sirone, who experienced possession for the first time, was embarrassed.
He couldn’t tell if the thoughts that came to his mind were his own or Ikael’s.
It felt like I was playing two people by myself, like a crazy person.
-Don’t get confused. I am Sirone, and Sirone is me. You just have to come up with an idea.
I know how it is, but even the thought that came to my mind now gave me goosebumps because it was like my own delusion.
Should I have remembered that word? I thought I could do anything else if I thought about it.
– Do not doubt! When you begin to doubt, everything that makes up Sirone collapses. Possession is a sensitive technique. just accept it
Sirone decided to just believe. He concluded that the thoughts in his head were true, even if they were only delusions of his own.
As I calmed down, my heartbeat returned to normal.
There was an happening, but it was the point at which the magic circle of angels hadn’t even started yet.
Ikael decided to overcome the first obstacle.
-From now on, I will make the asterism. Get your mind out there.
Sirone changed Spirit Zone into a breakaway type.
The halo of an angel was above the top of his head, but Sirone took out the spirit zone from the front.
It was because it was the most familiar direction for humans.
– Can I do this?
-yes. no, good job No matter what you do, Sirone’s decision is important. You have to figure out the most efficient way for yourself. From now on, we will make a halo that will serve as the frame for the magic circle. It draws a perfect circle with light.
Sirone waited without thinking. Then no voice came to mind.
-excuse me… … do it now?
-yes. Do it now.
Sirone, who thought he would give advice, was embarrassed. However, he thought that there must be a reason for it, and he expanded the light into a ring shape.
A halo with a diameter of 1 meter was born in front of Sirone.
At first sight, it was pretty cool.
It was a neat circle and the brightness was just right. It seemed like this would be comparable to an angel’s halo.
-It’s not enough. With such a distorted circle, it is impossible to calculate a huge amount of information.
As expected, Ikael’s point was heard. If you go into a unit that the human eye can’t discern, it looks like a mess.
couldn’t find a way A perfect circle is just a concept. How to implement something that does not exist anywhere in the world?
– A perfect circle?
Sirone suddenly realized. There was one thing, the only perfect circle in the world.
– That’s right, Sirone. It’s an immortal function. That is why the Nephilim are called descendants of angels.
Open the immortal function to expand the spirit to the end. It was the only perfect circle.
Because the whole is always perfect.
-But if that happens… … .
The existence of the country disappears. Haven’t you already experienced the labyrinth of time and space?
– Immortal function must be activated 100%. And then grab it again and materialize it into a form. I’ll take control, but I’m sure it’s dangerous. can you do it
You must come back from the realm of infinity. This was the first step needed to master the powers of an archangel.
– I’ll try. Having done it once, the second time should be easy.
In fact, I had no idea that it would be easy. But if I didn’t say anything stupid, I felt like I would go crazy with the tension.
Sirone opened the immortal function.
It was a release without brakes or hesitation. As the mind disintegrated, it spread infinitely.
Sirone’s spirit became the Akashic Records. However, since it was already perfect in itself, no information could be obtained.
– Sirone! Sirone! Hear my voice! You must not let yourself go! Engrave the feeling of the moment in your heart! I’m going to pull it with a gold steel fire!
Sirone pulled the spirit that had been dismantled in the smallest unit into the frame of the diamond.
A huge ring of light rushed into Sirone’s head, sweeping away everything.
A chilling sound, as if glass were being cut, exploded. Then, in front of Sirone’s eyes, a perfect halo without an inch of error was born.
The speed of light rotating using the halo as a rail was literally the speed of light. Although he came out as a breakaway type, the spirit zone is definitely the spirit of a wizard. It was almost paralyzing my thinking as it was spinning in my mind.
In a word, Sirone realized the concept of an immortal function in the real world.
Ikeel’s voice sharpened.
– Sirone! From now on, Syrone’s halo will be engraved with the archangel’s unique battery! You must not let go of the Golden Buddha. You have to endure to live!
A red flash came out from the front and crashed into the center of the halo.
As the red ripples spread, the simplest arithmetic magic circle that distinguishes the difference between 1 and 0 was born.
From there, the ceremony gradually began to become more complex.
The colors of unknown origin collided with the halo like a shower of flashes and engraved a magic circle.
Numerous magic circles interlocked and rotated like gears.
The appearance of the magic circle rotating in different sizes, at different speeds, and in different directions reminded me of a watch engine.
Sirone’s head was on the verge of exploding.
The first cog turned a few cogs, which in turn turned hundreds of cogs.
The size of the operation was getting bigger and bigger.
Sirone gave up counting at some point.
I couldn’t understand the meaning behind the halo.
How do you know what concept the 170,000 arithmetic circuits and 4,800 magic circles are trying to reveal?
“Ugh!”
Coffee dripped. I gritted my teeth and endured, but the 100 million lines of formula were endlessly rolling up. Calculating this was beyond human limits.
– Sirone! Don’t try to understand! I understand! Accept it through the circuit of insight!
Sirone realized Ikael’s intentions.
No need to do calculations. It was to simplify a complicated concept into truth and imprint it in Sirone’s brain.
When the number of magic circles engraved on the halo exceeded 40,000, Sirone was able to experience the realm of the gods.
It was none other than the light calculation speed.
Even so, the fact that it took a long time meant that the concept contained in the halo exceeded human capacity.
I still don’t know what it was, but it was certain that it was huge beyond imagination.
– I can’t. Now no more… … .
Gold started to crack.
It was only natural that humans were forcibly accepting the battery contained in the existence of a higher dimension.
It was the third difficulty Ikael spoke of.
-We’re almost there, Sirone! If you hold out a little longer… … !
The aftermath of Sirone began to affect Ikael.
As the calculation progress exceeded 90%, the magic circle automatically moved towards the end.
Sirone’s mind was oversaturated. It was as if someone had planted a bomb in his head that had gone off.
I could feel the numerous cracks going through the Diamond Buddha. mind is breaking That meant going crazy.
In fact, Sirone’s heart was heading for serious ruin.
Ikael looked at him sadly. Even if the magic circle is completed, it will not be able to endure in the end. When the amount of information reaches 100%, the diamond will explode.
At that moment, a special change occurred in Sirone’s mind.
The Vajra Buddha was breaking into countless pieces beyond the cracks. If this is the current spirit of Sirone… … .
Even Ikael got goosebumps at the thought of that.
However, the results were different from what was expected.
Even though the durability of the Vajra Buddha converged to 0, the form of his spirit did not change at all.
If you compare Geumgang Buddha to an iron ball filled with water, the current state of Sirone is the process of freezing water.
When the water starts to freeze, the iron ball will break.
But what about a rubber ball? The size of the ball only increases as the volume of ice increases.
That’s why sirone has added flexibility by pulverizing durability down to microparticles.
Softness overcomes strength.
Sirone’s iron ball was shattered, but the shape of the ice inside it was still intact.
Ikael’s heart grew hot. Is this human strength? Even though her mind was shattered, even though it must have been an enormous emotional pain, Sirone maintained her spirit until the end.
That will has evolved Sirone’s spirit to the next level. That was the state of Vajrapani, the evolutionary form of Vajrapani Buddha.
broke the frame There is only content.
Since there is nothing more to be destroyed, Sirone could not be shaken under any circumstances.
If the Vajrapani Buddha is the extreme of durability, the Vajrapani, which has no frame, is the extreme of flexibility that humans seek.
The density of the information engraved on the halo exceeded 95%. It was an enormous amount of information.
However, the Geumgangbulgogi grew in size as much as it increased. Then, it was tightened again, and the angel’s information was locked away.
-Congratulations, Sirone.
Ikael gave unsparing praise. Can humans go back and forth like this?
Sirone is equipped with strength and flexibility at the same time. It was an undoubted leap.
Sirone, buried in the angel’s information, couldn’t think of anything. He only realized that he had been trying to hold on and that it was easier than before.
When the angel’s magic circle was completed, consciousness returned.
A halo of dozens of magic circles rotating at different speeds caught my eye. There were probably hundreds of times as many magic circles operating inside.
It was a truly beautiful magic circle.
The halo cast by Ikael came directly into Sirone’s experience. I couldn’t understand the principle, but I was able to stamp the completed concept like a stamp.
-I did it, Ikael… … .
After saying that, Sirone closed her eyes. As consciousness faded, the world was plunged into darkness.
@
Sirone frowned at the intense light. When she opened her eyes, Ikael was looking down with a concerned expression.
“Are you okay, Sirone? How are you feeling?”
Sirone stood up. I was kind of ashamed.
I have already lost consciousness twice after meeting Ikael. It occurred to me that getting along with beings from a higher dimension was quite exhausting.
Sirone grabbed her throbbing head and asked.
“How long have you been fainting this time?”
“It is a bit long. About 20 minutes.”
“yes? why… … ?”
If it was Ikael, he could have woken up long enough before then.
When Sirone looked back in disbelief, Ikael said with an apologetic expression.
“Sirone was in shock. Even if I forcefully wake him up, he won’t be able to fight at his best. In particular, to use the magic circle of angels, Sirone will have to put all of her mental power into it.”
Ikael was right. However, the fact that he was delayed was still worrisome.
“You don’t have to worry. With this incident as an opportunity, Sirone’s mental power has become stronger. Besides, she has fully recovered, so she should be able to reach her destination sooner than before.”
Sirone observed the change in herself. A far more powerful action was taking place in his body than when he reached the level of a golden Buddha.
As her mind was absorbed several times deeper than before, Sirone regained her confidence.
‘If you go full speed, time will make up for it. What happened to Ryan and Kanis?’
As a rule of thumb, it had arrived or was about to arrive. That being said, there was still a chance to make up for it.
—————————————

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-214.txt
=============YYYYY=============
[214] 5. Angel’s Magic Ceremony (4)
Sirone remembered that she had only thought of her own position and turned to Ikael.
“Ah, there… … .”
Ikael shook his head.
“no. You don’t have to thank me. It is also my negligence that this happened. I’m sorry that this is the only thing I can help you with. From now on, it’s up to Sirone.”
“Thank you. I mean it.”
Sirone expressed his gratitude to Hansako. If it wasn’t for Ikael, he would still be sitting on the wall of Jebul and weeping.
Ikael’s eyes softened. He was a lovely human being even when he was stubborn.
“Remember, Sirone. As you may already know, there won’t be many opportunities to use my abilities. Even if Sirone’s mind evolved a step further. Kariel is a prudent angel. Let him use it only when he is sure he can save his friend.”
Sirone nodded and prepared to leave. It was a pity to part with Ikael, but there was no time to delay.
“be careful. I hope you can safely return to the original world.”
“yes. Thank you so much.”
When Sirone left the room and the door closed, Ikael sat down in his seat looking exhausted.
The room left alone was still perfect, but somehow felt lacking.
Sirone was here. Ikael, who was reminiscing about the action play, burst into laughter.
‘I’m glad it’s Sirone.’
Ikael’s asteroid opened into a halo and spun rapidly. Then, a vortex of red light rushed to one side of the room.
“Respond to the call, Ashur.”
Square glass plates appeared in front of Ikael.
The glass plates connected by dozens of intersecting lines shone brightly, and as the colors gradually settled, the image of Mara was projected.
It was a handsome man with black hair hanging down to his shoulders with three triangles floating above his head.
Kneeling in front of Ikael, he lowered his head and said.
“Ashur. I obey the command of the angel.”
As the boundaries of the glass plates disappeared, Ashur’s figure revealed a three-dimensional effect.
“I need your strength. Please help Sirone.”
“All right.”
Ashur answered without hesitation. Then Ikael’s eyes showed apologetic feelings.
“I’m sorry, I made you do this.”
“I am a being born from Ikael-sama’s concept. I just follow anyone.”
Mara of the highest rank is the direct attendant of the Archangel. Therefore, even if he was the busiest in heaven, he was not an existence that could be called a call because it is not an exaggeration.
In particular, Ashur is an escort knight of Ikael, who is said to be the strongest magic swordsman in heaven. He was not in a position to be running errands, although he had his powers now blocked.
Ashur said bravely.
“Do not worry. If Ikael-nim values it, it is also precious to me. I will risk my existence and carry out my mission without fail.”
“thank you. But Kariel is strong. Moreover, even Ymir, the king of giants, is currently moving in Jebul.”
At the word Ymir, Ashur’s eyes shone intensely.
“I don’t know how he is interested in this matter, but you have to be careful. Ymir is one who has attained the ultimate power that any creature can seek. He doesn’t do much good in being entangled.”
Ashur’s face showed a blatant displeasure. He is the strongest magician in Heaven, but Ymir and himself have always shared one vote for the position of the best warrior in Heaven.
It is because there are eyes that see the value of Ymir, who has risen to the strongest position only with physical ability.
But Ashur refused to admit it. One day, they would have to compete to see who was the strongest.
“Do not worry. Ymir is no match for me.”
Realizing that he had scratched the warrior’s pride, Ikael comforted him with a friendly tone.
“Whoa, I, of course, think Ashur is the strongest. Even if Ymir comes back in perfect condition, if Ashur protects you, you won’t be afraid at all.”
Ashur then rose from his seat as if satisfied.
“of course. As long as I am present, no one will be able to lay a finger on Ikael.”
“Oh, and one more thing.”
Ashur turned in front of the door and looked at his respectful master with a tense expression.
There was an unapproachable dignity in Ikael’s slightly open eyes.
“If you meet Kariel, be sure to tell him this.”
6. Heaven’s Trouble (1)
Sirone came down from the tower and looked around the clearing of Arabot.
Girin’s memory taught her the way to Jebul. It was quite a distance to go by teleportation.
Upon entering the Spirit Zone, an enormous amount of information flowed in through synesthesia.
“wow… … .”
I know that my concentration has increased. But when I actually encountered it, it was hard to believe.
Even while maintaining the same density as before, the diameter of the spirit zone increased by 1.5 times. In terms of volume, this means that his mental strength has increased by nearly four times.
In other words, it also meant that the burden of casting magic was reduced by four times.
As the spirit zone grew larger than before, I felt free as if a heavy burden had been cast off.
Sirone aimed at Jebul as a target and raised the battery of space movement.
So far, the effect has not been great, but now that the diameter has increased by 25 meters, it can be applied in practice.
If you look at only 25 meters, you may not feel that much of a difference, but if you transform it into a four-way target type, the additional distance increases to 100 meters.
Even if only 10 times of space movement were connected, it would have an increase of more than 1 kilometer.
‘Wait everyone. Just hold on a little longer.’
When I remembered the plight of my friends, I became unbearably anxious. However, Sirone’s concentration, which had reached the state of diamond power, did not waver in the slightest.
As omnipotence and omnipotence merged, the noise of light embroidered the sky.
A single flash of light shot up in the direction of the Buddha.
@
Ryan had already been running for 30 minutes. His heart was racing, but the amount of oxygen he took in with each breath was constant. Because if she used up the oxygen all at once, it would spread before she reached her destination.
It was the point when Kanis had produced results in one way or another.
Ryan thought it was one of the two. Either the security device of the Great World War was unlocked or died.
I shook my head to clear my thoughts. It wasn’t the time to worry about other people.
If Canis failed, the next person to die was herself.
“Hoo-wook! Whoop!”
He doesn’t have the ability to make his body lighter like Tess, but his body, which had been trained all his life, did not get tired even after running for more than an hour.
After running like that, we arrived at the last point connected to the Great World War.
The right side of the corridor was blocked by glass, and the blue sky stretched beyond it.
Jebul was in the form of dozens of plates floating, so this place was the outermost part of a certain plate. So, if you keep running along the outskirts, you should be able to reach the bridge that leads to the Great World War.
As soon as Lian, who had guessed the location, was about to jump again, an object floating on the ceiling caught his attention.
A drone was hurriedly approaching.
The drone is just a machine, but Tess’s sense of urgency has been conveyed in the way it moves.
“Tess? Are you all right?”
The drone moved up and down as if nodding its head. So far, it seems that no fatal situation has occurred.
thud. thud. thud. thud.
The sound of the ground shaking was heard from the road Lian had passed. When he turned around, a large man was running towards him, stretching out his legs.
Lian listened to Cigna and Xd.
An unknown enemy. Neither the luminary nor the horns were visible above the head of the running man.
The first thing that came to mind was a giant.
Although he was too small for a giant, the ground shaking with every step made him guess his power.
‘He’s like a monster. How much muscle do you have to be able to have that weight?’
The giant’s movements were dull. But with every step he took, his body was moving forward.
thud!
The giant stopped in front of Lian by stamping the soles of his feet.
It was a display of power of sorts.
It was impossible without the strength to subdue inertia in one blow.
“What are you?”
Ymir asked. I was asking because I really didn’t know.
Since he was holding Cigna and Xd, he must have been a Mecca, but his appearance resembled a Norse.
“What are you saying?”
The giant couldn’t understand the words because mental resonance was impossible.
Ymir did the same, but he didn’t care. He was measuring the quality of force rather than language.
“Right. It is heresy that you caused a disturbance in heaven.”
When Ymir’s body felt fighting spirit, Lian instinctively backed away and raised his sword.
Ymir’s heart moved violently when the human who thought he would urinate and run away rather thrust a knife into it. The moment when gazes collided with each other was his favorite moment.
‘Good eyes. You’ve cut quite a bit for a human.’
Ryan pulled his left foot back. Considering the difference in weight, it is difficult to do it by force. The first strategy was to quickly defeat the enemy as soon as it showed a gap.
“Reveal your identity. Enemies or allies? You can’t go past this place if you’re trying to get in the way.”
Ymir couldn’t understand Lian’s words, but he could read a hundred words in his intense eyes.
‘Choose this. But that’s my role… … .’
Ymir strode away.
It seemed like an ignorant approach at first glance, but it was the timing that completely cut off Lian’s breath.
Lian, who was aiming for a surprise attack, stepped back feeling frustrated.
I felt a sense of pleasure from seeing it.
The battle has already begun. He loved all the emotions that arose from the moment they decided to kill each other.
Ymir approached Lian and said.
“The enemy.”
Ryan’s hair stood on end.
The giant’s energy rushing in momentarily was like a huge barrier. It was so big that I couldn’t see the whole thing.
“shall we start?”
At that moment, the mechanical sound of drones was heard from the ceiling.
“frozen. uh. sun. poison. shall we start?”
Ymir’s gaze moved to the ceiling for an instant. And when he lowered his gaze again, Lian had already disappeared.
“Taha!”
Ymir raised his arm to block Cigna from the side. A powerful shockwave erupted, shaking the giant’s skin like water trembling in a gale.
But the body did not budge.
Ymir pushed Cigna up with his arm and tilted his face to glare at Lian.
It was the eyes of a snake looking for its prey.
“It is a wonderful surprise. So I’m sorry. If you’re a swordsman, you should do this with a sword, too.”
At the same time as he spoke, Ymir pushed Cigna away. Then, the left and right sides of her body were reversed, and a powerful hook bent and entered.
Lian held out his XD and crouched down.
As Ymir’s fist struck the shield, there was a roar and the hologram of Exed hit Ymir.
But this time, Ymir did not back down. Rather, it was Lian who bounced back.
Rian, who had rolled on the floor, knelt down and centered herself.
The XD on his arm was exposed as if he had been hit by a cannon.
Ymir raised his face over his shoulder and grinned.
“As you can see… … There aren’t many weapons that can withstand my strength.”
“Damn it, embarrassing… … .”
Tess’ gaze came through the drone from the ceiling. As she imagined what kind of feeling she would be watching as she waited for her help, her blood boiled even more.
“Goaaaaa!”
Ryan rushed at full speed.
Irregularly throwing Cigna, he took out the greatsword he was wearing on his back as he flew into the air.
Ymir grabbed the rushing Cigna and crushed them like cookies.
At the same time, Lian lowered his greatsword.
Ymir’s fist, holding Cigna, flew.
Lian was startled by the sound of Zeng. He caught the blade of the greatsword with the bone in his fist. It felt like hitting an iron.
Lian flew in the reverse order of swinging his sword. Ymir immediately followed and raised her fist.
“It was fun. I will give you a gift.”
“Huh!”
Lian thrust his greatsword into the ground. Then, using his broadside as a shield, I pressed his shoulders and thighs against him and put all his weight on it.
—————————————

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-215.txt
=============YYYYY=============
[215] 6. Heaven’s Trouble (2)
bang!
The moment Ymir’s straight strikes, only the greatsword remains and Lian’s figure disappears.
All sorts of thoughts rushed through Ryan’s head. To prevent further hits, you must land with her centered. I was barely able to balance. It seemed that he could land on two legs.
However, the next moment he realized that his body was crumpled and rolling on the floor.
As the shock remaining in his body dissipated, the cold floor touched his cheek.
An incomprehensible sound came out of his mouth. Her body wasn’t sick, but it didn’t work.
Ymir picked up the greatsword that had fallen on the floor while examining the spread of Lian. It was a greatsword to humans, but when Ymir held it, it looked like a common longsword.
Ymir’s eyes shone as he inspected the blade of the greatsword.
“Hoo? This will be quite useful.”
“Gimme, give me. that… … Grandpa’s… … .”
Ryan stood up with his legs shaking.
Thanks to the physical training to the limit every day, the time to get out of shock was much faster than normal people. It was the so-called toughness.
Ymir grimaced, tearing at the corners of his mouth and throwing his greatsword. The greatsword slid across the floor and landed on Lian.
“Are you going to try again? I like your guts.”
Lian struggled to pick up the greatsword and charged again. The power gap was clear, but if Ymir wanted to go to a great world war, there was no other option than battle.
Ymir and Lian collided in the middle of the hallway. Ymir didn’t even think about blocking the greatsword.
Zeng! The greatsword struck Ymir in the forehead. No, it was more accurate to say that he blocked it with his forehead.
Ymir’s fist flew in a long trajectory.
can not avoid. Realizing this fact, Ryan opened his eyes. If he had to die he wanted to fight to the last minute.
Ymir tasted the excitement in Lian’s eyes.
‘It’s a pity I don’t know the name.’
Ymir’s fists ricocheted through Lian’s whereabouts.
Silence prevailed for a while.
Ymir’s expression turned displeased. What could be more unpleasant than having an uninvited guest in the middle of a fight?
A strange but familiar phenomenon.
He clearly saw Lian split into dozens of squares just before their fists touched.
“anyway… … Because tall things don’t know how to ride the atmosphere.”
At a point about 3 meters away from where Lian was, the square glass plates flickered and the two figures were projected.
Black-haired handsome Ashur. And next to him was Lian on his knees.
Ymir smiled coldly. The mere fact that Mara, who was known for her heavy ass in heaven, was present, suggesting that something unusual was going on in the world war.
“Hey, a busy person is here. Where do you leave the person you love and snoop around the battlefield?”
“Ymir, if you don’t keep the law, bad things will happen. Just go back.”
“Cheuk, what if you don’t like it?”
“I have no choice but to destroy existence.”
Ashur spread his palms, about 30 glass plates were erected in three rows in the air. There, a long, slender longsword emitting a purple glow was projected.
“Is it a signal?”
Ashur’s ability signal collects all kinds of signals.
One glass plate contains one signal, and by combining the patterns of the plate, a phenomenon close to infinity can be realized.
Ashur’s long sword ‘Shockwave’ was also created by receiving 30 different signals.
Because it vibrates itself under the influence of electromagnetic pulses, it was a weapon with perfect killing power that would destroy the inside once it penetrated.
Lian blankly looked up at Ashur. As if he died and was reborn, the intermediate process was omitted.
“Who are you?”
“good. ally.”
It was a short sentence, but I could understand it right away. It was clear that Sirone had created some variable.
Rian glared at Ymir. But he hadn’t even looked at him since Ashur appeared.
Lian bit his lip and ran into the great world war.
A fire boiled inside. I didn’t grow up to be virtuous enough to fear defeat. However, the sense of shame that he had not succeeded in even one attack broke his heart.
I could feel Tess’s drone following me. The machine kept her silence until the end, but the comforting voice she conveyed came like an auditory hallucination.
“damn! damn!”
Lian ran into the world war with all his might.
@
Ashur was still blocking the way. I want to follow Lian to the great world war, but right now, stopping Ymir is the urgent priority.
If you use Signal’s ability ‘transfer’, you can send a signal to the destination you want to go to and move the place in an instant, but it was impossible as much as the world war.
It was a place covered with electromagnetic waves, so it was faster to run than to wait for the signal to be transmitted.
It was for that reason that he sent Lian first.
“Back off, Ymir. No more self-indulgence will be tolerated.”
said Ymir, stroking his lower jaw.
“Looking at the fact that even the pretty angel was left behind, something important must have happened. Why don’t we get to know each other better?”
“It has nothing to do with you.”
“For some reason, it sounds like it has something to do with it.”
Ashur did not deny it.
What Ymir, king of giants, wanted was a battle. Taking away his physical body only for being strong, he was waiting for a fierce battle that could only be won by fighting with the power of his main body.
Ichael, on the other hand, was in the position that war should be prevented.
If Ikael wants it, Ashur will follow too.
As long as you step out, nothing happens in heaven. Therefore, Ymir had no reason to be concerned.
Ashur aimed the Shockwave at Ymir’s stomach.
“According to Archangel Ichael’s command, I will revoke all rights given to you.”
“Keukkeu, did the lowly angel even have that kind of authority?”
Ashur rushed like a gale.
Ymir’s forearms split and blood splattered. The oscillations of the electromagnetic waves burned the bones.
Ashur pressed down on Ymir with an insulted gaze.
“Can a mere giant scorn an archangel? you are just a body Do not insult a noble spirit with a disgusting tongue.”
“A mere giant?”
One of Ymir’s eyebrows twitched.
“I am already.”
Feeling alive, Ashur widened the distance. But Ymir overtook 10 meters in one leap.
Ymir’s powerful straight pierced his stomach.
“Ouch!”
Ashur’s eyes were filled with shock.
His figure, which had stopped in time, became blurry, and the 180 or so glass plates that contained the signal flickered and then disappeared.
Ymir looked back with an annoyed expression.
Ashur, who completed the transfer to the new space, was standing with a Shockwave in an aloof posture.
“Hehe, isn’t that overdoing it? I heard that the restraint of power is severe.”
“I am not in a position to be sympathetic to you. You’d better take good care of your body.”
“Is that so?”
“A hell of ice salt.”
The space surrounding Ashur and Ymir was surrounded by glass plates.
Approximately 2,400 glass panes began to flicker and collect signs of deterioration and cold. The sight of fire and ice intersecting every 10 centimeters made my eyes dizzy.
What will happen to this place when all signals are transmitted? Will you burn in the heat? Will you freeze in the cold?
“You brought it upon yourself. Do not resent me.”
“No one complains. Because I am the strongest.”
Ymir charged, baring his teeth like a beast. In response, Ashur raised her cold eyes and swung her shock wave.
As the transfer was completed, hot air and cold air raged at the same time.
@
“Tess! Hang in there! Almost there!”
Lian didn’t spare any more oxygen. He separated from Ashur and after running for 10 minutes, he managed to get to the bridge to the Great World War.
The bridge was one kilometer long and 60 meters wide. There was no guard fence, so I felt like I was floating in the sky. When the strong wind blew, my stomach rumbled for no reason.
At the end of the bridge stood a domed structure. It was a great world war in which friends were captured.
It was a good thing to see the building. This is because it means that Kanis has unlocked the mecha system.
“What, are you still here?”
Looking back, Kanis was approaching.
“How are you already here?”
“I came through a portal. What’s wrong with your face anyway? Like someone beat me up.”
Ryan touched his face. She didn’t even notice the swelling from the wind rolling on her floor without even feeling the pain. She looked up at her drone with an apologetic feeling.
‘You must have been worried, Tess.’
Canis also looked at it. He could tell it was Tess’s even without an explanation.
Even in the situation of being caught by an angel, it was certainly quite good to let the drone go.
“How is the situation inside? Did you check?”
“uh. It’s still in good shape. however… … .”
Suddenly, the condition of the drone became strange. It flew around aimlessly and then fell as if the power had been cut off.
Ryan hurriedly took it up and examined it.
The operation lamp was off. Since it was a device connected to brain waves, it was proof that something had happened to Tess.
“what? What happened all of a sudden?”
“I don’t know! I do not have time!”
Lian jumped first. If it was Dark Fort, you could go there at once, but the bridge floating in the sky was entirely in the realm of light.
Capturing Lian, Canis killed his pride and cast photonization magic.
A flash of light carrying the two of them raced across the bridge.
@
“You bastard!”
Amy shouted, glaring at Kariel. The faces of Tess and Arin were also distorted.
When the information penetrated from the panel implanted in his head, he felt dizzy as if he had drunk a lot.
“Nothing to worry about. It is because hormones are adjusted in a state suitable for the wine of life.”
Kariel, who had been indifferently examining the condition of the women, turned her gaze to the screen.
“Nothing really changes. It will be different after the wine of life is over. Doesn’t it matter anyway? It is something that every creature has to go through at least once.”
“shut up! Why are you deciding that! Do you think it will do what you want? I would rather bite my tongue and die than suffer this!”
Kariel frowned as if she had seen something disgusting.
“I don’t understand. You are not being punished. You have won the noble mission of conceiving the Nephilim. So far, not many women have refused the drink of life. Doesn’t she want to gain eternal life?”
“I don’t want to receive eternal life! Even if I die tomorrow, I will die doing whatever I want!”
“I can’t speak. Anyway, nothing changes. Because once all the information contained in the panel is transmitted, it is impossible to turn it back.”
-20% of the progress of the Art of Life.
A woman’s voice came from the ceiling. It seemed to give guidance every 10 percent. Hearing it from the position of being experimented on made the emotionless voice even more eerie.
Amy struggled to free herself from the handcuffs.
I was thinking of grabbing the panel planted on my forehead and pulling it out if only my hand could get out.
Even if I lose my life, I will live my own life.
“Tess! Amy! scale!”
The door to the great world war was opened roughly. Rihanna and Kanis entered at the same time as if they were running a race.
Tess, who had watched them cross the bridge, shouted.
“Rian! here it is! Please release this quickly!”
Ryan flinched as he took a step. It was because they were overwhelmed by the scale of the Great World War beyond imagination.
Not only the scale, but also the equipment and equipment were unfamiliar.
On one side, the planet was spinning, and on the other side of the tower, all kinds of lights were flashing loudly.
“shit! what is this?”
Kariel flew to a height where she could see humans at a glance.
“Did you follow the girls? This must be the stupidity of an ignorant human being.”
“Are you the culprit? Don’t think that since you did this to my friend, it will end safely.”
Lian raised her sword with vigilance.
Unlike the strong shot, the action was cautious. Lian, who had seen the power of the fallen angel Ikasa, was able to guess the power of the archangel.
—————————————

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-216.txt
=============YYYYY=============
[216] 6. Heaven’s Trouble (3)
As Lian quietly closed the gap and looked for an opportunity to attack, Tess shouted in frustration.
“You bear! Fighting later, let us go first!”
“damn! Even if you want to… … !”
In my heart, I wanted to run right away. However, in the situation where the archangel was guarding it, it was the same as committing suicide to look elsewhere.
Arin calmly explained.
“Kanis, the wine of life has already begun. I need to take off the panel that’s on my forehead. Otherwise, we will all conceive Nephilim.”
Before Canis could answer, Lian shouted, eyes wide.
“what? You should have told me that first!”
“That’s what I said, you fool! If you don’t want to see me go crazy, take off the handcuffs first!”
“okay! hang on!”
Anyway, Lian and Tess had similar tendencies. Unlike wizards who grasp the situation until the odds arise, Lian ran with the idea of removing the panel first.
At that moment, a shockwave occurred in front of my eyes. Lian, who backed away in pain, raised her gaze. Kariel, floating in her air, held out her hand with her displeased expression.
‘what? It’s nothing?’
It was surprising that the shockwave burst into the empty space, but it was not as destructive as expected.
Lian, who was intimidated by the title of archangel, grabbed the greatsword with new hope.
Canis was also paying attention to the information Lian had obtained.
– Archangel’s ability is lower than expected. it will be a chance for us
– It must be because of the wine of life or something. Wouldn’t it be easy to make a human?
– I guess so. But are you surprised? Are you saying you’re going to go on like this even though we’ve come?
Angels are strong, but not for battle.
For example, Archangel Ikael’s ability was activated, which seemed to have nothing to do with combat.
But the concept is so huge that any horse, even angels, trembles.
Kariel also had a huge concept of birth.
Explosions, fires, machines, drugs, etc.
The number of things that can be created by combining existing things is close to infinite.
However, among them, the thing that Kariel was most proud of was life.
No matter what object is created, the energy concentrated in the birth itself is enormous.
In particular, when it comes to the spirits of creatures that give birth to living things, even the archangel must pour most of his mental power into it.
“How dare you interfere with the archangel’s calling. People who don’t live to be 100 years old are arrogant.”
Canis sent Harvest into darkness without anyone noticing. It was a strategy to rescue the women in the gap when Kariel was ambushed while she waited.
“An angelic calling? What are you trying to do by making the Nephilim? Unlockers can be found in our world as well.”
Amy opened her mouth. She had seen through Kanis’s strategy to prolong time.
“Heaven is using the Nephilim to attack the human world. There are more Unlockers on our side of the world, so we’re trying to balance the power.”
“Conquest? Are you going to war?”
“okay. The Nephilim are not like the apostles of God. He was a spy sent to the occupied territories.”
Kariel did not deny it. He didn’t care about the thoughts of an insignificant human being.
Ra is great and the angel is superior. There was no room for human concepts to interfere with what the archangels were doing.
“I should be grateful to you. Thanks to you, I was able to fight the final war.”
The eyes of Amy and the others were focused on Kariel. The word “last war” was unsettling, but I couldn’t understand the meaning of being able to fight it.
“The Last War?”
“It is literally. The human world will soon perish. Until now, the hateful labyrinth was blocking the end, but because of you, the beginning of the war has opened.”
Canis was perplexed. The woman Sirone was looking for was blocking the apocalypse.
Then, Arcane’s response came to mind. If the destruction of mankind was at stake, it was understandable that Master had erased her memories.
“But why is it because of us? What did we do?”
“A woman named Miro blocks the passage between heaven and the human world. But through the Metagate you brought, a new path has been opened. Sooner or later, the armies of Heaven will mercilessly burn humans.”
Everyone’s heart sank. If Kariel’s words are true, he has done something irreversible. The destruction of mankind is hastened by them.
Kariel shouted, pointing at the mechanism.
“Look! It’s a metagate brought by Ikasa! When the Art of Life is over, I’ll analyze the coordinates. The moment a new portal opens, your world will perish!”
The eyes of Amy and the others returned at the same time.
“… … .”
The great world war has become calm. nobody spoke up
When the expected reaction did not come out, Kariel, puzzled, slowly turned her head. Then he had the same expression.
“… … .”
The fairy who embraced the metagate stared blankly at me with her mouth open.
Kariel was about to say something, but then shut her mouth again.
Why is the fairy here? It was different from the law, and even if it was not the law, it was a situation where cause and effect could not be found.
Perhaps the silence was awkward, Peope spoke first.
“Oh, hello.”
Kariel tilted her head. Will he say hello to himself? Then at least it’s not crazy. By all means, I spoke with the hope that you would find an appropriate probability with this question.
“Who the hell are you?”
“This is Peope.”
Kariel cried. However, he struggled to control his mind, as showing his emotions was a demeaning act.
“Yes, Peope. Why are you here?”
“Ah, I’m going to find Metagate.”
“… … Right. Then why… … Ha, so why are you and the like trying to find it?”
“That’s because there will be no war.”
At that moment, Kariel’s patience broke. She held out her hand with the sole intention of exploding the flying flies in front of her eyes.
In one shot, it explodes splendidly.
“die.”
– Harvest! now!
Harvest emerged from the darkness of the Great World War.
The moment he wielded a shadow as sharp as a blade, Kariel flew up to the ceiling.
Canis, aiming for that opportunity, shouted as she ran to the women.
“Rian! Protect Peope! It must never be taken away!”
Lian immediately turned and ran towards Peope. He wanted to rescue Tess right away, but in an urgent situation, it was better to listen to the wizard.
“Peope! come here!”
Peope, who was taken aback by the sudden battle, heard Lian’s voice and flew away.
Kariel evaded Harvest’s pursuit and aimed at Feope. However, when Lian grabbed the sword first and kept his position, he turned sharply and flew back to the ceiling.
Lian, who was relieved, looked back at Peope.
“Whoa, are you okay?”
“I don’t know! I thought I was scared to death! Hurry up and take this!”
Feope’s face was as pale as soup. It was a situation where he had to provoke the archangel. Even thinking about it now, I couldn’t figure out how I got it.
Lian was handed the Metagate. No matter how wooden or stone she was, she couldn’t help but be moved.
If you activate the metagate right now, at least you can go home.
Of course, I had no intention of doing that, but thinking about how much the situation had improved gave me a surge of courage.
“Thank you, Peope.”
“Don’t get me wrong! I wasn’t trying to help… … !”
Feope stopped talking. The situation was so obvious that I couldn’t think of words to hide my feelings.
Disobeyed the archangel’s order and helped humans. It wasn’t a violation of the law, it was an act of completely burning it.
Peope, who gave up his excuses, made a voice.
“So, what are you going to do? Now I’m done.”
“Come with me.”
“what?”
“Come with us. There are many interesting things in the world out there. You saved us, so we will do our best to save you.”
Feope hurriedly turned around. To be honest, this was a bit exciting.
But she couldn’t accept the offer. It’s not difficult to go to the world of humans, but that’s because it wasn’t something I did with the hope of such a thing.
“Okay, you fool! Think about it after you save your friends!”
Rian watched the progress of Canis while being wary of her surroundings. Currently, Kanis was cutting the women’s handcuffs with the Power of Darkness.
-40% progress in the Art of Life.
Amy shouted when a voice came from the ceiling.
“hurry! There is no time!”
“Be quiet, you pumpkin! If your mind is shaken, your wrists will be cut off!”
Kanis was cutting the handcuffs of the three people by spinning a sharp shadow like a blade. He was in full contact with the woman’s flesh, and he required precise work.
Kariel, who moved away from Harvest, was getting annoyed. She even wondered what it would be like to cancel the drink of life and annihilate them.
There are probably 50,000 ways to kill with the power of birth.
But the drink of life could not be canceled.
None of the women tested positive even though the information transfer rate exceeded 40 percent.
‘They are the best stuff. I can never give up.’
Kariel opened a portal as a last resort.
With the remaining mental strength, he could summon a fairly decent Mara, and he even came up with the right person for the situation.
“Respond to the call, Baalb.”
When a new Mara appeared, the Great World War turned ominous. Everyone except Canis looked up at the ceiling and checked the number of horns.
It was Lee Gak Mara.
“Sleeper Baalb. I follow Kariel’s command.”
He was a handsome old middle-aged man. His hair was oiled and tucked back, and his bared ears were pricked.
He was as tall as an angel and wore a cloak with a collar higher than his head.
“Conquer the human. The wine of life must not be disturbed.”
“That is definitely my major. All right.”
Baalb landed on the ground with his right hand on his chest.
“Peope, take care of me for a moment.”
Lian, who entrusted the metagate to Peope, charged Baalb. But even though he rushed at the risk of death, he couldn’t even get close. As he approached Baalb, his consciousness began to cloud as his mind became hazy.
‘what? Suddenly sleepy… … .’
Being drowsy in a situation where you were fighting for your life was impossible unless you were crazy.
It’s definitely some ability.
Realizing that, Lian hurriedly retreated.
As soon as I left the invisible realm, my consciousness returned. However, the fatigue from lack of sleep remained intact in the body.
It was a situation where the tantrum was bound to explode.
“Damn it, what kind of trick is this again?”
From giants to fairies, Mara to angels, all of them had incredible abilities. Looking back, he even felt ashamed at the thought that he came to heaven and became a burden to his friends.
Baalb turned around in a dignified manner.
“It is useless. You won’t even be able to swing your sword at me.”
A red jewel slowly circled around Baalb. maybe that’s the problem?
With a kendo stance, they slowly closed the gap. As expected, after passing a certain boundary line, the red jewel glowed and drowsiness began to pour in again.
‘shit. That was it too. What the hell is it?’
No one knew the identity of the jewel, but Harvest, a magical creature, read its unique wavelength.
-Kanis, it’s a bad situation. I’d rather step back for now. It is an object.
-An object? Is that an object?
Kanis had also only heard about Arcane, but it was the first time he had actually seen it.
An object is a thing.
What sets it apart from ordinary objects is that it exerts a strange influence on the outside world.
Some objects are familiar to humans.
Like the cursed blue diamond or the flying carpet.
Humans also collect quite a lot of things, so it was not strange that maras who roamed the world had at least one.
A vampiric object possessed by a certain Mara is said to suck the blood of the surroundings. Also, objects of hatred could trigger anger and lead to murder.
The object of Baalb is an object of sleep, and it is an object that makes any creature fall asleep when it enters the sphere of influence.
—————————————

=============ZZZZZ=============
