=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-809.txt
=============YYYYY=============
Age of Chaos (1)
Abella gritted her teeth, but couldn’t help but groan at the pain in her heart.
“Huh”
Everyone who looks at her, even Gustav 4, who prides himself on understanding Havitz… … .
“why? why?”
I didn’t understand the current situation.
“majesty.”
They did not experience Satan’s 0.666 seconds, but even if they realized it, nothing would have changed.
“Huh ha ha.”
Havitz’s eyes, hidden behind Abella’s body as a shield, were bloodshot red.
“Huh ha ha.”
His breath was so rough that his nostrils were stuck together, and his bloody eyes were filled with sadness.
“female… … paper… …
With a clattering sound, the flesh of the law was broken, and at the same time, Abella’s eyes rolled upward.
“It is broken.”
Vulcan, who had been staring at Abella’s fallen body on the floor in awe, slowly raised her gaze.
‘Havitz, you broke <Murder>.’
Havitz, still breathing heavily, was only mourning the death of the woman he loved.
When the door of the Ex-Machina opened, a strong smell of blood rose from the steam.
“hurry! Move quickly!”
Medical staff waiting outside carried the unconscious Iruki on a stretcher.
Agaia looked back at the Ex-Machina.
“Woo, I can’t use it anymore.”
Iruki forcibly distorted the law
As a result, the computing devices melted in the heat.
‘But I got a more powerful brain than that.’
Watching Iruki walk away on a stretcher, Agaya prayed in her heart.
‘If only I could wake up.’
When the commotion subsided, Gudio, who was smoking a cigarette, stomped hard on the ground.
“Damn it!”
“What happened? Did you not succeed?”
Kashan’s task force commander asked, but the people playing the card game kept their mouth shut.
After a while, Ness said.
“<Law Killing> couldn’t predict it.”
This was the only thing that could be inferred from the current results.
“He killed the woman he loved.”
If Harvitz had simply used Abella as a shield because he did not want to die, the law would have twisted even that law and penetrated Harvitz’s heart.
“I didn’t kill to live.” Mice as if I still can’t believe it
spoke in a trembling voice.
“I killed it because it was fun.”
Just because I thought this would be more fun.
“What could be more chaotic than betraying the woman you love the most in the world in a moment of despair?”
Silence came again.
“Well, then what will happen?”
No one answered the task commander’s questions, but the same thought popped into his head.
‘It was Gaold who defeated the Buddha. But the age of man passes into a short history.’
It was a time of chaos.
“Huh.”
Harvits was crying.
“Abella, Abella.” Because she was the woman he truly loved, at the moment of her final choice, for the first time in her life, questions arose.
‘Who the hell am I?’
It was not difficult to die in Abella’s place.
‘But why did I have to do this?’
Killing an elder is a common thing in the world, but the basis of the act is hatred.
‘Because I really loved you.’
Throwing away the person you loved with all your heart without hesitation is something no one can do.
‘What no one can do.’ When I did such a thing, what kind of emotion would I receive, and what the hell would that feeling be?
“haha. Kkkkkkkkk.”
I’m so curious about it that I’m going crazy.
“Ha ha ha! yes, that’s right! That’s it! this feeling! This pleasure that no drug can give you!”
There is only one reason why I did not accept Satan’s offer.
“This is really fun!”
Because he is already Satan.
‘Awaken.’
Balkan realized when he saw the purple haze rising from Havitz’s body.
“Oohhhh!”
Havitz’s eyes widened and a huge satanic figure soared through the sky.
If there’s a concept that can single-handedly kill someone you love, it’s only chaos.
And humans call it atrocious.
“what?”
Gai, who was bending his lower body in an almost sitting position, hurriedly looked back at the inner guard.
Sirone and Minerva were looking at the same thing.
“oh my god… …
An atrocious form made only of demonic energy was looking down as if to swallow Vashken.
Even Gai, a madman, realized that his current situation was not serious and put his sword in.
“If I see you on the battlefield again, then I will kill you without mercy.”
Sirone did not answer, and as if he had no intention of listening, Gai ran through the castle gate and ran to Harbitz.
“What are you going to do?”
Minerva asked.
“You failed.”
Even the appearance of Satan, the lord outside the law, showed that the law had been broken.
“It is my responsibility.”
In the future, the world will be stained with great evil that neither philanthropy nor extreme goodness can handle.
“No, it is our responsibility.”
“They said that clumsy good encourages evil.”
The counterattack of Zen that could have been executed because there was no Buddha.
‘Shouldn’t have been provoked?’ The situation that Mahoro Amanta was worried about was the strongest evil that broke her line and appeared.
‘It’s really difficult. What the hell is this world…’
How can everyone be happy?
“Sirone, let’s go back. We need to come up with measures.”
The area of the line, which could have been widened a little with one year of effort, will rapidly shrink.
“What about playing Harvits now?”
I kept thinking that I couldn’t make it.
“Don’t be in a hurry. All I had to do was dig out the temple. If you try something, the other side will respond with something too.”
If only I was a human and everyone was just a doll, the world would go as it pleased… … .
“It’s not a world you can change alone. Atrocities cannot be destroyed unless the power of good is concentrated into one.”
The world is in pain.
“As of today, the Republic of Korea will disappear. But there are still dozens of countries left to protect.”
Sirone bit her lip until it bled and flew up into the sky following Minerva.
“Human Desire. There really is no end.” The incarnation of Harbitz, who had become atrocious while still possessing a physical body, proclaimed at the end of the sky.
“From now on, you are the Satan of this age. lead my hell army 72 legions will follow you.”
At the voice that shook the entire Kingdom of Cotria, some felt joy and others felt despair.
As the purple haze permeated Havits, her eyes scanned the light like glistening oil.
“What happened?” The Balkans are approaching.
“I don’t know. Mumble something.”
He didn’t care about Habitz, but it seemed like fun to play with the 72 legion’s demons.
“Abella is back.”
Death is the mother’s voice telling her to come in for dinner.
“The night is coming.”
That’s why the pranks on the playground will end someday.
“Anyway, we’re the children we put out.”
Children whose parents do not look for them do not know how to stop running around even after the twilight arrives.
“finally… …
Harvits looked back at his friends.
“Let’s conquer the world just once and go.” Vulcan’s eyes were full of mischief, and Natasha tore her mouth with an excited expression.
“Good! No one goes home first!”
The Gustav Empire, which destroyed the Republic of Korea, caused a world war in earnest.
As the border country Kashan lost 1/10 of its territory, the kingdom of Paras in the Middle East was also mortally wounded.
“We have to break through the Akkadian Desert. Then you can eat dozens of kingdoms in the central continent.”
On the eastern side across the sea, a fierce naval battle was taking place with the Jincheon Empire.
“The sea side is not easy. Occupy the H and Middle kingdoms first. Cut off the support route of the 7 kingdoms.”
The kingdom occupying the waist of the Eastern Continent was in session.
“How will the occupied countries be treated?”
At the official’s words, Balkan turned to Havitz.
“What should I do?”
“Play around and kill them all. Except for the Gustav Empire, no human can set foot in this world.”
It was our playground, and it was also the ultimate goal Ma aimed for.
“By the way, there is something that worries me.”
Vulcan looking down at world map.
The red line that started in the northwestern region of Kashan descended vertically and was connected to the central continent.
“All the demon armies along this line were destroyed. As if it had been erased with an eraser.”
Natasha’s eyes lit up.
“Knight of Mach.”
The number of demons he killed while moving south exceeded 10,000, and among them there were even two corps commanders.
“I thought it was a childish goal for a chivalry practitioner, but I really cut the kashan with a straight line.”
Sumodo was boring.
“You don’t have to worry, do you? It’s not like it’s coming our way, and even if one person erased it, how much would it erase?”
The red line drawn on the map was definitely thin.
“The problem is the corps commander. We lost the 69th corps commander and the 57th corps commander. Regular soldiers are quickly replenished, but losing a corps commander is a big loss.”
Natasha pointed to herself.
“Shall I go?”
Vulcan didn’t want to do that.
‘I can’t imagine Natasha being killed by someone. But really, this line makes me feel bad.’
Detouring when it is difficult and running away when it is dangerous are the trajectories that normal human beings can draw.
‘I can’t find any traces of shaking.’ It just broke through.
“First of all, let’s be careful. Let’s have the kids check the dynamics of the knight of Macha.” It was spring with flowers as red as blood.
“you… … How dare a human… … !”
The demons of the 55th Corps, which dominate the desert in southwestern Kashan, became corpses and covered the sand.
“This is not the end. One billion demons will surely find you and tear you apart… …
“It’s boring, it sounds the same every time.”
A young man with blue hair up to his shoulders and a hairy beard had a greatsword mounted on his back.
“Are you guys memorizing it separately?”
The 55th Corps Commander Powell’s huge body split from the top of his head with a goosebumps sound.
“Is it the end of the desert?”
The blue-haired man closed one eye and looked at the horizon where the city was built in the distance.
Mach’s knight, August Lian (22 years old).
“You have arrived at last.”
never seen a map
They just walked south along the stars, ate anything when they were hungry, and dug and slept when they were cold.
‘Though walking is what you reach when you walk.’
Although he defeated many strong enemies, he never felt that he had gained strength.
“Can you say you are strong if you split the sky?”
As I drew the sword vertically, an illusion as if the world was splitting into pieces flickered in my eyes.
I don’t know.
“Kido, how are you? Are there any results?”
Where is the companion of the search for the first time, and what is it doing now?
“work hard. I go first.” With the conviction that he would not give up, Lian moved to a place where he could see the city.
“I want you to wash. People will mistake it for a monster.”
It was also the first contact with civilization in a year, but the smell of demon blood was too strong.
‘If I came properly, it would be the Jive Kingdom.’
The Seven Planets of the Temple.
All I knew was that there was a school that produced Nane, the Buddha of the era, due to the long rainy season.
“It would be nice if I could meet Sirone.”
Ryan didn’t know.
The race that rules the night of the world roams the streets of Jive, greedy for blood.
the fact that there is.

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-81.txt
=============YYYYY=============
[81] Wizard’s Battle (2)
Nade and Iruki, who cast teleportation, appeared in front of the cliff of a bridge that could not be crossed. The eyes of the two people who watched Shiina’s humiliation were burning with fire.
“How dare you, the teacher… … .”
“What, there were some fine guys, right? Anyway, sorcerers… … .”
Lucas felt the same way. To think that a person with the name of a great wizard made the mistake of missing the target. Besides, all sane humans had to deal with themselves.
“Was that woman a teacher? I’m sorry. She should have almost arrived by now. it’s on the ground Kuck.”
The moment Lucas finished speaking, Shirone hugged Shiina from the bottom of the cliff and teleported up. His eyes were no different from those of his friends. How far must he fall before he can drop a man down a cliff?
“I will not forgive you.”
Lucas didn’t even listen. The escalating situation was just annoying.
“hey. What are you going to do? Is this also part of the operation?”
Lucas made it clear who was responsible. It’s because he can come out when he pays the balance. Canis also did not evade. In the absence of Arcane, he was the leader.
“Arin, stay back.”
“But Canis… … .”
“You don’t have to step out. Focus on the task of controlling people. I’ll take care of it myself.”
It was unreasonable to fight hundreds of people with mental control. As Arin hid among the people, Canis, relieved, approached Sirone and the others.
“What are you? How did you get out of mind control?”
Iruki said.
“Dark magic, isn’t it magic that is already outdated? The law of destruction is widespread and widespread.”
“No nonsense. If it could have been solved that easily, the guys in the back wouldn’t have been caught.”
‘That’s right… … .’
Canis looked up at the sun. It was the peak of the mountain, so the light was still strong. However, there would be no need for the student of the archmage to set conditions against the students.
Lucas, who was watching with his arms crossed, shouted.
“Hey, what are you going to do? This wasn’t in the contract. I could handle it for you for double the money.”
“I don’t need any help. I handle it myself.”
“Then whatever.”
Lucas sighed and stepped back. He had the attitude of not wanting to step out, but his heart was the exact opposite. He waits pretending not to care, then slashes them from behind when the battle starts. Then it was over.
“Come on quickly. Because you are busy.”
Sirone and Kanis slowly closed the distance. Canis’ spirit zone, felt through synesthesia, was a sphere with a diameter of approximately 50 meters, similar to Sirone’s.
“I’ll be in charge here, so you guys stop that prosecutor.”
Iruki turned to Lucas at Sirone’s words.
“That person? Judging by the atmosphere, I don’t think I will go out.”
“I don’t know how things will change when they come. He’s vicious enough to make Shiina-sensei fall off a cliff.”
Sirone looked back with cold eyes and said.
“Don’t believe anything he says.”
Iruki swallowed his saliva. Sirone, who switched the circuits in her head to a combat readiness, looked different from usual.
Sirone began timing. Photon output boasts outstanding activation speed among attack magic. However, the dark series also did not lag behind in speed.
No signal could be read in Canis’ eyes. Like an orangutan’s black pupil, only an uncertain future hovered around.
not human Extremely animalistic eyes that can only be obtained by those who have survived countless times.
What kind of life would lead to such eyes?
The two wiggled their fingers. And the moment the bird flew up, it moved at the same time. The photon output and the power of darkness moved dazzlingly, disturbing my eyes.
Sirone cast teleportation and soared. The power of darkness that followed vertically melted in the sunlight.
Canis laughed. What he was aiming for was the shadow buried on the ground, not Sirone’s body. After belatedly recalling the properties of dark magic, Sirone hurriedly moved off the cliff. As the shadow disappeared 1,000 meters below, the power of darkness that missed its target dissipated like flames.
As the photon output shot like a rapid-fire cannon, Canis cast a shadow wall. A thick wall of shadow rose before his eyes and he absorbed all the photons.
‘It’s a great strength. Darkness blocks the light.’
Dark power to the extent of going against the laws of nature. Sirone, who had increased the power of photon output through thousands of rebounds, could guess how strong Canis’ mental strength was.
‘Then how about this?’
After concentrating the photon in her hand, Sirone gnashed her teeth and threw it. As the photon cannon fired, Canis maximized the thickness of the defense wall. The corner of his mouth went up for a moment, as the shadow wall exploded and a flash came in.
‘What is this?’
Feeling creepy, Kanis instinctively cast Dark Skin. As his body turned black, a photon cannon hit his stomach.
“Ouch… … !”
The limit of the shock that Dark Skin could absorb had already been exceeded at the moment of collision, and the shock wave shook the internal organs. Canis’ body, which flew away with both legs floating, was buried in the forest.
“Canis!”
Arin couldn’t believe it. Light contains physical force. Light is just pure energy. If it contained even a small amount of physical force, all the planets where the sun was would have been smashed.
Lucas’ expression also became serious for the first time. A magic that strikes the opponent by rapidly flying a beam of light. Even if he had been confident in Canis’ position, the chance of avoiding it would have been 50%.
‘It’s not about being unlucky, but maybe I stepped on poop.’
Life flashed in Lucas’ eyes. It’s not a lucrative business, but shouldn’t you pay the balance? His twin swords vibrated as he gazed at Sirone.
* * *
Ethella was somewhere in the mountains, 800 meters from the impassable bridge. And in front of her was Arcane, who had risen to the rank of an unofficial third-class wizard 40 years ago.
From Arcane’s point of view, he was an unwelcome guest. Even though he was resting, while casting Abyss Nova, his exhausted mental strength was only restored to about 60%.
But that thought was short-lived. Arcane realized the true value of the woman who stood in her way and narrowed her eyes.
‘Oh, look at this?’
He wore oversized goggles. His breasts were also voluptuous, giving him the appearance of a meek sheep that seemed unlikely to know about combat.
But I felt it through my skin. Even though he was just standing, all the energy that penetrated his body was unblocked.
Especially her eyes were the highlight. Through her pupils, the spirit of a sage that could only be given out by those who had transcended the Eight Spirits of joy, sorrow, courtship, and five desires was gushing out.
was a seeker
That’s too good to be a teacher at a magic school.
‘It’s worth destroying Abyss Nova.’
Etela was equally nervous in front of an authority on dark magic who made her name known as the Archmage before she was even born.
“I’ve heard the famous name well.”
“Where is the Priory?”
Without hearing it, Arcane guessed that Etella was a monk. However, the answer that followed far exceeded his expectations.
“My name is Etella, Bishop of the Karsis Monastery. Why is someone who was famous for his dark magic doing such a terrible thing?”
“It’s Bishop.”
Arcane burst into laughter as if it were absurd. To hold the position of bishop at the age of less than thirty was impossible in his heyday.
In particular, if it was Carsis, it was one of the few religious orders on the continent with 2,000 parishes. And a bishop was in charge of one parish, equivalent to the headman of at least one city.
“Where is Alpheas?”
Ethella remained silent. She doesn’t know where she is either, but even that could be information to her enemies.
“I can hear the head rolling from here. To be honest, it doesn’t matter. I didn’t think that that cunning kid would fall prey to my magic.”
Just looking at Alpheas, who had passed the age of 60, calling him a cunning child, he could feel how long the archmage standing in front of him had lived.
“Why are you looking for the principal? If it’s Eun-Won’s relationship, I think it’s doable to meet and solve it in person. If you free the students from mind control and step away, I can arrange a place for you.”
“Chuck! The kid must have built up a pretty good reputation while I was gone. But, child, Alpheas is not the kind of human you think. He is the stupidest and most arrogant guy in the world.”
“It doesn’t matter what the past is. The current principal is a person who is respected by the students.”
“Oh, you mean that?”
Arcane stroked his chin playfully. After all, the Alpheas in his memory was limited to a kid in his 20s who was in the middle of his youth.
“You are curious. What the hell did that kid do to get respect? Let’s listen to what you say.”
Etella grasped Arcane’s strategy. It was now time for the sun to set. It was a trick to delay time until the night when dark magic was most effective.
“If you are waiting for darkness, stop. As a teacher, I cannot stand by any more evildoing.”
“what?”
Arcane frowned as if in displeasure. She’s 120 years younger than a child, how dare she treat herself as a time-consuming wizard.
As he cast the power of darkness, the arcane’s shadow engulfed the trees. The branches swayed and the trunk began to bend toward a point.
“Did you think I was frightened by you just because the sun came up? If that’s the case, you’re looking at this Arcane very lightly.”
Ethella looked up. Trees in a radius of several hundred meters tilted in unison, rescuing a huge dome entangled like a net. As the sky closed, the son-in-law became darker than the night.
“die. A shameful thing.”
Arcane shuddered into his own shadow and went out. It was a dark pot, a specialty of dark magic. By using the property of assimilation with darkness to erase the concept of distance, it was possible to move anywhere in the shadows in an instant.
Being able to approach without even a presence was the greatest strength of the Dark Fort. The moment Arcane, who overpowered the tail, cast the power of darkness, Etela’s body turned into a flash of light and moved away. Dozens of shadow hands clawed the air.
A high-speed battle unfolded, starting with Arcane casting Dark Pot again. It was as if there were dozens of Arcanes and Ethellas. When Arcane drove Etella into a narrow radius, Etella connected teleportation at extreme speed while standing. Her shadowy hands pierced the insubstantial afterimage as her torso seemed to overlap countlessly.
‘Bishop of the Karsis Monastery. Indeed, it’s quite right.’
Even Arcane, who was harboring anger, couldn’t help but admire. His mental enormity fell short of him, but his skills and senses far exceeded his age.
“Then you should stab the weak part.”
Ethella’s eyes wavered in bewilderment. As the power of darkness intensified, thousands of hands were flying at the same time.
Magical power that can’t be known.
Jonah’s search ability could be called magic in itself, but even so, he couldn’t avoid all the thousands of hands.
As the shadow of the tree branch grabbed her wrist, Etella hurriedly stopped. Teleporting while in this state will result in your arm being ripped off.
“Oooh… … !”
The tension of the shadow was tough like rubber. However, Etella’s physical strength was also formidable. She gritted her teeth and tugged at her arm, causing the shadow’s midsection to crack and tear open.
‘Do you have chess? He’s a strong kid.’
Arcane said with a fishy smile.
“If that’s what you like, I’ll make it fit for you.”
—————————————

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-810.txt
=============YYYYY=============
Age of Chaos (2)
Caidra, a grotesque bird that quickly traversed the desert, shot a sharp groan into the sky.
‘Havitz became Satan.’
The identity of the rogue bird was Ratusa, and the person riding on its back was Uorin, the Empress of Kashan.
The project, which was the only way to punish the atrocities, failed, and she suffered from a fever for three days.
When his condition did not recover, he kicked off the blanket himself and was riding for a change of mood.
‘I can’t believe I’m failing.’
My goal throbbed again, and my heart, which had endured aeons of history, beat as if it would burst.
The aftermath of failing to eliminate Habits spread throughout the world, and Kashan also suffered enormous damage.
‘Is the unknown future, even Lee Da-ji, frustrating?’
The real reason for the fever was that it simply did not end there.
‘What should I do next?’ According to Mitochondrial Eve’s accident, Kashan would fall and Uorin would suffer a disastrous situation.
‘I can’t protect Sirone.’ It is fraternity to embrace the whole, but he would not use his power for the glory of Ka Shan.
‘I can’t do Gaold.’
He had only one person.
‘Buddha has disappeared, the polar line has weakened. Miro won’t be able to handle the atrocities.’
A terrifying thought came into my mind.
‘Habits. villainy.’
The way for Kashan to continue his glory was to join hands with Gustav, as Gando had said.
‘I can endure if I become atrocious.’ It must have been a very easy decision for Mitochondrial Eve, not a personal life, but… … .
‘Sirone.’
If that happens, the beautiful ending with the person you love will forever be gone.
“What are you telling me to do!”
The reason why he went outside was because he couldn’t be caught screaming in the name of Terrase.
“What do you mean!”
Just as Uorin’s screams blew in the wind, a dark group approached from the sky.
‘It’s a demon.’
Kaidra hurriedly lowered its altitude and flew low over the sand, but it was already too late.
“Human! Catch it!”
The 24th Air Brigade belonging to the Hell Army’s 16th Corps found Uorin and immediately turned around.
“What a worm!”
Organte, the 2nd Division Commander of the 16th Corps, was a demon with a massive body covered in gray matter.
“die!” His ability to create shockwaves in all directions by sticking his long tongue into the ground like a pipe was his talent.
pop! pop! pop! pop! pop!
As the sand rose to a height of 10 meters, the corpses of the dead demons rotated in the air as if tumbling.
“I can’t catch you.”
Kido, who fluttered his old cloak and got out of the radius, lowered his body to the floor.
“The Earth Command.”
The desert wriggled like a swamp, and the organ rim’s tongue emerged twisted into a knot.
“You bastard!” Numerous spines protruded from Organte’s carapace and rushed like arrows.
Kido raised his glasses and murmured.
“Even if I eat it, it won’t taste good.”
To him, who has mastered the law of the land, the meaning of land is completely different from that of other creatures.
Just as a shark pulls a lion into the sea, and a bird pulls a whale into the sky.
‘Become one with the land.’
To Kido, the earth itself, everything that moved on the ground was ants placed on the palm of his hand.
“Keugh! What’s this?”
The land seemed to be rolling over like waves, but before I knew it, Kidou turned around and swung the spear behind Organte.
When I crossed my arms covered with thick carapace in an X shape, the blade plunged with a bang.
“Quack! The speed is good, but the power is not enough. You cannot cut me with your weapon.”
Kido said while holding the blade.
“It didn’t reach.”
“what?”
“The point where we feel the collision is actually just a repulsion from the charge.”
nothing can reach
“The positions of electrons are probabilistically distributed, and the curtain of probability surrounds the atoms. In short, collisions do not occur in the domain of particles.”
Incarnation – mastery of sources.
As he exerted a high degree of concentration, Kido’s eyes sank as if they were being sucked into an abyss.
“So, if you find the probability that the atoms in my blade pass through the atoms in your carapace… …
The blade began to cut through the carapace and penetrate.
“Hey, wait.” Organte’s expression changed to bewilderment.
“Wait a minute! This makes no sense! How can you fight like this!”
Even if he tried to escape, he was unable to move because the enormous force of gravity was binding his legs.
“shit! cowardly! Let’s fight again!”
The blade passed through Organte’s arms and finally reached the top of his head.
“It is not without its downsides. This is very difficult. Besides, it is very slow.”
As if a hot substance touched
The demon’s face was steadily split in two.
“Aww! no! not… … Kuck!”
Only after the blade passed his face and down his neck did Kido release his superhuman concentration.
“Whoa.”
With a thud, Organte’s body fell forward.
“where??????
Kidou ripped the flesh off the corpse with his fingernails, raised his head and squeezed out the blood.
Blood dripped onto the tongue, and the memory of the demons permeated through the ‘taste of memory’.
“… … You must have loved once too.” This was before becoming a demon.
“What is love?”
Kido, who was lost in thought while looking up at the sky, hurriedly lowered his head, shook his shoulders, and smiled.
“Chuck! If you speak like a human, what will it be?”
I still couldn’t fully understand Sirone.
“Yes, I am still immature.”
He jumped up and swung the spear.
“I acknowledged my shortcomings… …
Because that’s going to be the hardest thing.
“Now there is only one thing left to do.” As he turned his body away, he felt a thump and vibration on the horizon.
“What is this again?”
“Ha ha ha! Such a windfall. To say that the human I met by chance was the Empress of Kashan.”
Over 200 Demons belonging to the 24th Air Brigade surrounded Uorin and La Tusa.
“Hey, what if some insignificant demon finds me?”
As Ratusa threatened with a groan, Uorin pulled out a sword from the saddle.
“well. If it were the queen, of course she would be different from the common human beings, but… …
Brigadier Dalmang, with rectangular horns erected on either side of his temple, erected a huge sawtooth greatsword.
“Isn’t that a delicacy?”
Murderous intent dwelled in Uorin’s eyes.
‘Can I get rid of it? It’s dangerous.’ As Mitochondrial Eve, he mastered numerous techniques, but his body is bound to change from generation to generation.
‘It’s just that I didn’t get it.’
After all, no matter how high the level of technology, there was a limit to the combat power that could be produced.
“Strike! I’m going to release the resentment I’ve suffered from Kashan here! Catch me alive!”
The demons with wings attacked Ratusa, and Moonmang rushed forward, swinging his serrated greatsword like a windmill.
“red! Catch it if you can!”
A tight battle unfolded as Uorin countered by linking magic and incarnation.
“Hoo? How is it?”
The yaksha’s body exploded with incarnation techniques and powerful magic, but Dalmang was able to afford it.
“Heuk, are you tired already?” Although he never neglected training, real battles were different from practice, so his stamina was consumed quickly.
‘This body is really weak. Did I focus too much on aesthetic standards?’
It was to the point of hating the ancestors.
Aaaaaaaaaa!
When he turned his head to Kaidra’s grotesque voice, countless demons were sticking spears into his torso.
“Ratusa!”
“Where are you going?”
A sharp sound was heard as Dalmang swung the serrated greatsword at the twisting Uorin.
Piri-ri-ri-ri!
The unique sound waves coming from the hole in the window were trivial, but Uorin remembered everything.
‘What is this sound?’
Something rolled at a speed that could not be seen with the naked eye, and Dalmang’s neck fell off in an instant.
“Brigadier!”
At the same time as the demons shouted, the shadow of the wheel turned greatly.
As dozens of demons were cut into pieces, Kido finally appeared.
“Hey, human female emperor. Long time no see.”
Uorin’s eyes narrowed as Kido raised his glasses with a sharp smile.
“Why are you here?”
“Talk about it later. Let’s deal with it at once.” There are various types of demons, but Kido’s combat experience while wandering the desert was no less than that.
“one two three four. five!”
As the demons died as quickly as counting with their mouths, the winged ones soared into the sky.
“Not an ordinary guy! Attack from the sky!”
“You arrogant demon.”
Kido turned like a top and rolled across the desert on his back.
“On the topic of eating things from the ground… …
Incarnation, jibakryeong.
“Why do you lean on the sky?”
As if an invisible hand came up from the ground and grabbed their ankles, the demons were dragged to the ground.
“Aww! what!”
It was as if a ton of iron beads had been put on it.
“Cut, cut, cut, cut, cut.” Uo Rin watched blankly as the spear rotated, the body rotated, and the world seemed to rotate.
‘It’s gotten stronger.’ The self-proclaimed king of the goblins was revealing a completely different presence than when he dealt with Fengzhang.
“Cut, cut, what?”
In the middle of the desert, among the corpses of demons, only Kido was spinning.
Kido, who turned around as if bouncing from the rolling state, stepped on the desert with both legs.
“Oops!”
As she stopped in front of Uorin, a cloud of soft dust spread and covered her entire body.
“Puhahaha! It’s the traditional goblin makeup method.”
It was a goblin tradition to apply mud when fighting.
“Whatever… …
Uorin asked as she dusted herself off.
“Why are you here?”
Instead of answering, Kido turned around and tore off the brigade commander’s flesh and stuffed it into his mouth.
Uorin’s eyebrows furrowed slightly.
“I am practicing to attain enlightenment. Doesn’t the man called the King of Humans know that?”
Of course I know, but I didn’t really care.
“What realization?”
“love.”
Kido has arrived.
“Goblins are strong, but they don’t love like humans. She is looking for love outside of the chains of feeding and breeding.”
While protecting Sirone in Andre’s labyrinth, Kido felt human emotion for the first time.
“Hmm, for something like that, don’t you enjoy eating demon meat too much?”
“ha ha ha! of course. Do I have to eat to live?”
It seemed that he was still far from reaching enlightenment.
‘It’s barbaric.’
Kido wasn’t wearing pants, so the goblin’s things dangled between his legs.
‘It’s very big. He’s short.’
Sensing Uorin’s gaze, Kido, instead of feeling uncomfortable, proudly stuck out his waist.
“The Goblin King.”
“… … thanks anyway I’ve been helped, so I’ll reward you. Tell me if you want anything.”
“I don’t want anything. If so, is it true love? But can’t you give it to me?”
Uorin looked under Kido once more and shook his head in fright.
“I’m a bit like that, should I introduce you to a human woman?”
“haha! it’s okay! my love i will find And I don’t think you have to be human.”
Kido turned and waved his hand.
“Have a good trip. Be careful of the demons.”
“wait for a sec.”
Uorin’s eyes sparkled.
‘It will be useful.’
Kido is strong, he was a friend of Sirone, and above all, he has the ability of ‘memory taste’.
“Would you like to go to the imperial castle with me?”
“Hwangsung?”
Kido’s lips parted.

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-811.txt
=============YYYYY=============
Age of Chaos (3)
The capital of the Jive Kingdom, Lodenin.
As a free city, the gates were wide open, and many people were entering the capital even at sunset.
“for a moment! Stop right there!”
But Ryan was an exception.
“You mean that?”
“Then is there anyone else as dirty as you here? It doesn’t matter if you come in and become a beggar, but you can’t be a beggar.”
It was raining and the smell of blood was washed away, but the problem was that he was not using an umbrella.
“I am not a beggar, I am a wandering swordsman.”
The guard burst out laughing.
“A wandering swordsman? Can you tell the difference between a beggar wearing a sword and a beggar wearing a sword?”
It was oddly persuasive.
“I am an aristocrat. I’m from Tormia, and I’m a swordsman for a family called Ogent.”
In the end, when Lian took out his ID and showed it, the guard’s eyes changed dramatically.
“Oh, sorry. It’s so ugly, no, it’s because it’s aristocratic and far from it.”
Ryan laughed bitterly.
“I understand.”
“When you enter Lodenin, wash yourself. Even if you have ID, there will be many inconveniences.”
Lian thought it was advice anyone could give.
“thank you. Then, please do your best.” As a kingdom with many cloudy days, there were various things to enjoy at night in Jive, and a lot of people wandered around.
‘It’s not just lively.’ Lian’s sharp eye saw through the darkness of the small alley leading from the main road.
It was hidden in the shadows, but there were people gathered there, and not all beggars.
“Mom! It’s a monster!”
The two women, who were walking with umbrellas, stepped out of the way as soon as they saw Lian.
“… … I need to wash up.”
With his huge size, hair hanging down to his shoulders, and a greatsword, he was an undisputed villain.
While walking down the street in the pouring rain in search of a bathroom, the sound of horses hooves approached from behind.
“Hey, that person!”
One of the women who had just run away in surprise was on board.
“Hey! What!”
The carriage, which was running fast as if about to collide, came to an abrupt halt in front of Lian’s eyes.
As I waited, receiving the rough breath of the horse on my face, a group of troops dismounted from the carriage.
“There will be a brief inspection.”
It was cumbersome because I had already proved my identity.
“Is there a problem?”
“A report came in. They said that an unknown assailant was roaming the streets at night looking for women.”
Ryan, just walked.
“There seems to be a misunderstanding. I am a wandering swordsman. Here is your ID.”
As I learned at the gate, when I presented my ID card, the security guard’s expression softened.
“Thormia. You have come from quite a distance.”
The lucky soldier continued.
“Recently, a heinous murder is taking place in the capital. It’s a serial murder, and the method is perverted. so… …
“Are you saying I’m guilty? I just arrived in Lodenin. The gate guards will check.”
“I don’t mean that. However, as the prosecutor knows, the Security Headquarters has issued a first-degree arrest order. When a report comes in, they are bound to be arrested unconditionally and their whereabouts recorded.”
I understood the words of the gate guard to shave before entering the capital.
‘Even though it’s annoying.’
The security forces couldn’t even chase after the serial killer, and they needed a track record of working hard.
“All right.”
Ryan didn’t ask.
It is because they know that such a performance-oriented labor force gathers to form the security of the city.
‘It’s better.’
Rather than going to the public bathhouse at night, I should have washed myself and shaved at the police headquarters.
“I will cooperate with the investigation.”
“thank you.”
The guards got the woman who reported Lian off the carriage.
“We will take over from now on. Don’t worry and go home safely.”
The woman glared at Lian.
“They tried to kill me! this killer! What are you trying to do by kidnapping me!”
Shaving off the beard would reveal a clean impression, but the prayers of the bloody battle with the demons could not be easily erased.
‘It can’t be helped.’
If even the swordsmen had enough energy to numb their hamstrings, it was natural for the woman to instinctively feel fear.
“Do you provide lodging?”
Realizing Rian’s intentions, the guard smiled.
“of course. It won’t be as good as a good inn. You’ll have to shave if you’re going to make a montage anyway.”
The carriage carrying Lian quickly ran down the stone road.
Lodenin 2nd Security Headquarters.
When I entered the three-story building in the west of the capital, I fell asleep in the warmth.
“I want to wash up first.”
“All right. Let me guide you to the bathroom.”
When I entered the public bathhouse, the sturdy guards who had completed their night patrol were washing their bodies.
As befits those who live with heavy iron armor, their muscles were developed, and their chests were firm as if even a needle would not go into them.
“Whoa, how long has it been since you took a bath?” As Lian took off her clothes, recalling the past she couldn’t remember, the eyes of those in the bath widened.
“wow.”
They are the ones who can’t lose to anyone in terms of body, but Lian’s body is different from the line.
‘How can a person be like that?’
Lian’s body, which had cut through more than 10,000 demons with a straight sword, was beyond the category of living things and was engineering.
‘It’s not a body made from exercise. It’s the body cut by the sword.’
It felt like I could see the kinetic energy that came out when I twisted my perfect inverted triangle body.
The feeling of the men spying on her body was very strange, but Lian tried to avoid it and washed herself.
With a creak, his long beard fell at his feet. The old grime was removed with stone soap like sandpaper.
“Whoa, cool.”
When I came out, shaking my head, there were numerous guards who had already heard the rumors.
“Are you done? ah… …
The guard who escorted Lian looked at Lian’s body while handing over the sword and widened his eyes.
‘Knight of Maha. I can’t believe I’m looking at that whole body.’
It was the honor of a lifetime.
“I’m sorry I didn’t recognize you before. Because it was raining, I couldn’t see the name clearly.”
On the one hand, it was negligence, but it was much easier to confess because the opponent was a knight of Macha.
“it’s okay.”
As Lian waited for the next turn wearing the security guard’s supplies, the guards admitted their mistake.
‘That woman, to report such a tycoon as a murderer. Well, even my skin is shaking… …
Lian’s impression after the bath was not docile, but he seemed honest enough.
“Let’s go. We will finish the investigation as soon as possible.”
It was Lian who thought that he would have to wash his body from now on due to the different treatment from before.
“But it’s a murder case. What is it exactly?”
I’ve heard it’s a perverted method.
“Since two months ago, women have been kidnapped once every seven days. The body is found the next day, surprisingly dead with all the blood sucked.”
“What if the blood is still sucked?”
“It is literally. I saw all kinds of corpses, but this one was gross. It was crumpled up, leaving only the skin, as the blood had drained out without a drop.”
Just imagining it was terrifying.
“Anyway, you can rest assured that you will not become a suspect. So, this way… …
When I opened the door and entered, the bad guys of the night were sitting in the interrogation chairs and being interrogated by the guards.
“Oh, who is this? Aren’t you the knight of Macha who once stirred up the world?”
Square ring installed in the corner. A middle-aged man with a height of more than two meters came to the corner.
It was Venoff, the 2nd Security Commander.
“Captain, this person is not a suspect… …
“You’re out, man.”
It was said jokingly, but an order was an order, so the guard hurriedly stepped aside.
“Yes, I know. He is a hero of hell who does not belong to anywhere and punishes demons alone.”
More than Rian could have imagined, Mach’s article was a worldwide issue.
“After cutting, cutting, and cutting like that, we arrived at Lodenin, the capital of the Jive. Hmm. Good good.”
“What do you want to know?”
Venoff asked, baring his teeth.
“Why is it our kingdom?”
“To go home.” Since I came down straight, I go straight home.
“The situation at the police station is not good these days. Pecking from above, the culprit is never caught. I said I would die from the stress.”
Benoff stepped lightly and tapped the corner with his gloved fist.
“Simply finish. If you come up and have a fight, you’ll be fired right away. Or be investigated to leak me.”
In the end, it meant that he wanted to compete with Mach’s knight.
“Captain, but this way… … Venoff cut off again.
“Just stay still. How is it, Macha’s knight? At the Security Headquarters, how about swords and fists like a man?”
The guard whispered in his ear.
“It’s because my nerves are sensitive. just say no No matter how he looks, he is the champion of the Lodenin Coliseum.”
“I can hear you, man.”
Lian opened his mouth while watching with interest not only the guards being interrogated, but also the bad guys of the night.
“I don’t fight to beat anyone.”
If you can become stronger by defeating someone, what is the emptiness in Lian’s heart?
“okay? So what are you fighting for?”
“I do not know. I’m just thinking that strength isn’t like that.”
“Ha ha ha ha ha! As expected, there is no stalling party for an article that made a name for itself. It’s just a bunch of talk.”
“Such provocations do not work.” The laughter died away in an instant, and Lian walked to her ring, swinging her shoulder.
“However, if it is part of a way to quickly deal with troublesome things, there is nothing that cannot be climbed.”
The corners of Benoff’s mouth went up to his ears.
“That’s right. come up.”
A martial arts showdown was prepared out of nowhere, and guards gathered around the ring.
“Oh really! Let us see too!”
I could hear the low-level guards stringing together the bad guys and dragging them to the temporary detention center.
When Lian climbed onto the ring and took off his top, a security guard who assumed the role of second put the glove on.
It was an open finger glove with open fingertips.
He said, tightening the strap on his wrist.
“I’m sorry it turned out this way. Daejangnim is a martial arts maniac. He was going to participate in the Central Continent Coliseum as a Lodenin champion, but it was canceled due to work. If it weren’t for the police force, he would have gone out into the world.”
It was an expression to be careful around.
“does not matter. Fighting is your job. Instead, let me sleep as soon as I win.”
“haha! Martial arts are different from swords.” Rumors about Macha’s swordsman had been deafening, but the captain’s skill was ascertained with the naked eye.
As I pounded my glove and walked to the center of the ring, Benoff approached me as if I had been waiting.
“Let me explain the rules. Even if I die fighting, I won’t tell my mother. Vital attacks are a foul. I’d rather die. is not it?”
Lian gave a short nod and stepped back to the side of the ring.
“We will start a martial arts showdown between the 2nd Security Headquarters. Allotted time is 10 minutes. Fight to your heart’s content.”
The guard who came in as a referee crossed his arms with an X and immediately jumped over the ring.
Benoff kicked the ground and rushed forward, but Lian raised his guard and only shook his upper body.
‘Where should I look at the champion’s skills?’ The sound of the jab exploded at Lian’s guard who was weaving.
phut! Papapang!
Then, a combination attack consisting of jabs pounded the top of the arm with a light rhythm.
‘Is this fun?’
The corners of Ryan’s lips rose slightly.

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-812.txt
=============YYYYY=============
Age of Chaos (4)
“It starts now!”
After confirming the quality of the meat by beating it on the guard, Benoff launched an attack in earnest.
Unlike the jab, it seemed as if the hammer flew and crashed, and Lian’s upper body swayed as it was buried in the ring.
‘Schema.’
It was also quite high.
‘Can’t I do it in moderation?’
Meanwhile, Venoff’s fists were pounding the guard like a shower.
‘It’s like an iron wall.’
Even if he had solid subordinates, he would have broken his bones and written a letter of resignation if he had hit him like this.
“Let’s see!”
Benoff’s legs came up to his head.
“If you break it, it’s enough!”
When the impact came from the side, Lian’s body was staggered along the line.
‘The guard was opened.’
Sensing the shock, Venoff attacked, but Lian’s fighting had only just begun.
‘Is it slowly boiling?’ Many of the practical skills he learned while fighting the demons were hidden deep inside.
‘Let’s stick together.’
As they exchanged fists, a sound like hitting a leather water bag echoed through the security guard.
“Wow, to be bold and close.” The battle without hesitation in extending their fists made everyone mesmerized.
“The technology is great. I’m not allowing a straight hit.”
An iron-heavy fist passed by his shoulder and every time he lowered his stance, an attack pierced the air.
“friendship! friendship! friendship!”
Benoff pushed in and stabbed a left hog into Lian’s side.
“Keugh!”
I wanted to feel a stiff feeling, and then a light straight approached me.
Reflexively twisting his body, Lian grabbed Benoff’s arm and tried to throw him away.
Benoff, who fell over to the other side as if to stop him, fell sprawled with a thud.
“This child… … !”
As soon as he straightened his upper body, Lian went behind him and placed a triangle choke.
“Come on, let’s try…” …
Benoff, who bounced his upper body, got out of the choke and tackled with Lian’s arms.
“This is it!”
For the next two minutes, the two giants rolled on the floor with numerous ground techniques.
‘shit! What kind of power is this?’
I trained my muscular endurance every day, but after only two minutes of facing Lian, I felt cramps in my muscles.
“You give up. Fighting while weary is dangerous.”
“Ha ha ha! A kid!”
Venoff’s muscles twitched.
“Then you thought we were playing house!”
As I squeezed the strength I had been sucking on to release my restraints, Lian hugged him around the waist.
‘idiot! Your face is blank!’
Just as Venoff twisted his back and was about to swing his elbow, both legs popped up.
“Huh?”
As Lian’s upper body arched backwards, the guards closed their eyes.
‘German Suplex! finished!’
It must have been a shock to the point of breaking his neck, but oddly enough, there was no sound of beans.
“What, what?”
The guards who opened their eyes opened their mouths in a daze.
“Big. you you… …
Benoff’s head floated about an inch off the ring floor.
“Are you capable of being human?”
The fact that he stopped moving in the middle of a German suplex could not be explained by brute force.
“… … How can this happen?”
Benoff asked with his butt pointing to the sky.
“It is the prosecutor’s conviction.”
It was the strength of the will to endure in this position.
“belief?”
Benoff, lost in thought, cried for a moment, then revealed a bright smile.
“lost. Stop it.”
Benoff rolled upside down on the floor and stood up, while Lian leaned back and raised his upper body.
Benoff, who was watching the wonderful process, said.
“how is it? Aren’t you feeling refreshed by sweating?”
“Yes, thanks.”
It’s been a while since I’ve been stressed out.
“I’m sweating, so I need to wash. I heard you washed up a while ago, would you like to come with me?”
“I see. It’s okay to take a few baths.”
It was a lesson learned from coming here.
the next morning.
It would be rude to compare a security guard’s bed with an underground pit in the desert, but Lian’s eyes opened early in the morning.
When I went outside, the guards who couldn’t see if the early morning work was over were sitting in their seats.
“You woke up early. Has your travel addiction gone away?”
Marshal Venoff had no day or night.
“yes. We have to leave early.”
“I said I was going back home. Is there anything else left to do besides that?”
“no. not sure… …
I was curious about the current situation of my family.
“Right. I’m sorry, but I need to say something to hold you back. I was wondering if you could help me, since this is also a romantic relationship.”
“You mean serial murder.”
“I heard you, so you should talk faster. follow me at once Let’s talk as we go.”
Heading to the morgue, Venoff confided a story not unlike the one he heard from the guard the day before.
“The general public is not allowed to enter, but if you’re trustworthy, I’ll show you. This is it.”
When the coroner moved away, Benoff grabbed a handle that looked like a cabinet and pulled it out.
“Hmm.”
Ryan’s face contorted.
“Can you feel it?”
The blood-dried, completely shrunken corpse was like a mummy, with its mouth wide open.
I couldn’t tell if it was fear or ecstasy.
“vampire.”
Venoff nodded.
“A potent dragon species. In fact, it is not that vampire attacks have not been reported in Jive. But this time it’s a bit special. I don’t suck blood to this extent.”
Even in Lian’s opinion, it wasn’t normal.
“Even if vampires use blood as their staple food, isn’t there a limit to their camouflage? So it’s ambiguous. Maybe it was the work of a human disguised as a vampire.”
“If you’re a human, you’re definitely perverted.”
“yes. The royal castle is gradually realizing the seriousness. But I want to do it with my own hands. It’s not out of sympathy, but to be honest, we have to catch and smash this guy.”
“It could be a vampire. Because he is a glutton, he may need a lot of blood.”
It wasn’t denying it.
“I have both in mind. If you’re really a vampire, things get bigger. If you’re a pure-blooded vampire, the Police Department can’t handle it. It should be at the level of the ‘kidney’ of the Guards.”
I knew why Benoff was asking.
‘A vampire… …
There was nothing to do except go home anyway, and vampires were definitely demons.
“All right. Anything I can help with.”
Benoff tapped Lian on the shoulder.
“haha! You would have known that. I’ll make a temporary seat in the department, so wait. You probably won’t be sitting at a desk anyway.”
Ryan unpacked again and waited for several hours in the seat Benoff had assigned him.
The call came after lunch.
“Get in the carriage. I have somewhere to go quickly.”
Benoff’s face was worse than in the morning, but Lian got on the carriage without a muttering.
The place he arrived at was a mansion that could tell at a glance that he was a wealthy man.
Although the site was not as large as that of the Ogent family, it was too large to be built in the middle of the capital of Jive.
“here is?”
“The first class of Jive, the Bark family. After reporting Mach’s knight case to the upper management, a call came.”
“Is it something related to vampires?” Being called out for political work was undesirable.
“Maybe, maybe not… …
The butler opened the door.
“welcome. I received a message from the head of the household. Your lady is waiting for you.”
Upon entering the mansion, a teenage girl was escorted by knights, arms crossed.
“Ah, what! I have to go shopping today! Why are you not letting me go out?”
It was Barque Irene, the only daughter of the family head.
“My lady, don’t you know? Recently, an embarrassing incident has occurred and I am told to refrain from going out… …
“But what if I can’t go out during the day? Daddy is really great!”
“Oh, I have something special today.
It is like that.”
The butler looked back at Rian and Venoff and introduced them again while lowering his head to Irene.
“This is Ogent Lian, the Mach knight who will escort the lady from today. The best master of swordsmanship… …
“it’s okay! Enough with my knights now! How much do you plan on suffocating me?”
Even Ryan didn’t expect this situation.
“To escort civilians?”
Venoff scratched his head in embarrassment.
“Strictly speaking, they are not civilians. Because she is the daughter of Minister Wang Seong. The hostess is an advisor to the economics department.”
Even so, I didn’t understand.
“The other day, I got a warning letter anonymously. It was about beingware of vampires. I don’t know if it’s a joke or not, but it’s a problem that can’t be ignored.”
It was the reason he kept quiet.
“Look at my circumstances. I’m going to organize a riot squad to find the culprit. Just stay for a while.”
Irene, who overheard the conversation, said with a friendly expression.
“So what, am I black now? It’s ridiculous. Hey, Mr. Do you know who I am?”
“The minister’s daughter.”
Irene snorted.
“I know. But I don’t carelessly go out with men, right? And I hate big people. With that alone, you have already failed the audition!”
“audition?”
The people who guarded Irene’s back were all handsome and slender.
“Hey, kid. First of all, I am not a Jive citizen. And just because you have a good body doesn’t mean you have strong fighting power. Finally, I am not a mister, I am an older brother.”
“Puhahaha! he’s a brother How old are you?”
Rian replied confidently.
“Twenty-two.”
“Ugh, you’re completely no land.” In other words, I didn’t want to be here.
“Hey, Macha knight. Get out if you don’t want to. Lady, we are enough.”
A knight dressed in a suit waved his hand and pretended to leave.
She was none other than the minister’s daughter, so life was solid when she received attention here.
‘More than anything… …
If it hits the eye, it’s a jackpot.
“No, fine.”
Irene took a step forward.
“I will hire you. It was because there was a shortage of manpower. Protect our Tonas.”
“Who is Tonas?”
Irene shouted outside the mansion.
“Thonas! Come on!”
A doberman with black fur came running to Irene’s arms sticking out her tongue.
“I’ll be thrilled.”
While Benoff touched his forehead, Irene pointed at Lian with a confident look.
“ruler! Keep it!”
Ryan was adamant.
“no. Either apologize for the rudeness and take my escort, or I’ll just go back.”
“joy! Who do you decide? Didn’t you come here on my father’s orders anyway?”
“You don’t want to die either.”
Irene flinched at Lian’s cold eyes.
“My father called me because he lacked the manpower to subdue vampires. Since you’re guessing, you’re only going to call and gather those smooth kids and hold on.” Most of the victims of vampires were beautiful.
“Uh, what…
While Irene rolled her eyes, the knights standing in the back gathered in a rush.
“Hey, muscular. You’ve been pissing me off since I wanted to hear it. Since we’re handsome, did you add anything?”
“The pyramid is missing.”
“……Lady, we auditioned instead of you.
May I see?”
Irene hurriedly came to her senses and shouted.
“good! Jailbreak!”
The knights were touching their fists and trying to move a step, but Lian’s eyes widened.
Divine Transcendence – Shim Kwon Nanta.
heart strikes first.
– Shim Kwon! Shim Kwon! Shim Kwon! Shim Kwon! Shim Kwon! Shim Kwon! Shim Kwon! Shim Kwon! Shim Kwon! Shim Kwon! Shim Kwon! Shim Kwon!
There was no need to act.
“What are you doing? Hurry up, that cheeky old man…
Irene, who looked behind her with a frown, opened her mouth blankly, doubting her eyes.
“Huuuuu…I”
The knights, who felt as if they had been hit by dozens of fists, were all on their knees in a cold sweat.

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-813.txt
=============YYYYY=============
dark clan (1)
The knights escorting Irene couldn’t stand it and collapsed on the cold floor.
“What happened?”
Irene asked an absurd question, but even the chief of the peace, Benoff, did not understand the current situation.
‘Eye skills? No, it’s different from that.’ Clear pain appeared on the faces of the knights who seemed to have actually been hit.
“No need to worry. shock to the body
Because there is none.”
If the power of heart had really been activated, their bodies would have been smashed rather than collapsed.
‘No matter how weak I thought they were:
Ryan licked his lips.
It is true that they became stronger while crossing the desert, but even taking this into account, the skills of the knights were below the level.
“good.”
Irene changed her mind.
“You seem to have quite a bit of skill. Let me escort you. Watch over me for 24 hours from today.”
Like Rian said, I don’t want to die.
‘They said there was a warning letter.’
If the contents are true, when Irene died, it was Lian who felt uncomfortable.
“If you want to be escorted by me, apologize for the rudeness.”
Although she wasn’t the type to hold back, she needed to change her attitude in order to escort her properly.
“apologize? Are you apologizing for what I did wrong?”
Ryan turned and walked toward the door, as if he had nothing more to say.
“Al, okay! Got it!”
Even though he has an angular personality, if he changes his attitude quickly, it would be better to call him clever.
“I’m sorry. okay?”
“Tell me exactly what you’re sorry about.” Irene hated it.
“Can’t you be a little cool? This is why I hate them. You keep getting soggy.”
“Would you like some more mud?”
It was a specification to have a deeper relationship anymore.
“I kinda… …
Irene turned her head and said.
“I was treated rudely. Do you really need to hear that?”
Thinking it was okay for a start, Lian nodded and held out his hand.
“good. Did you say there was a warning letter? Show me.”
As Irene took the letter out of her arms, Behnoff came to Lian’s side.
You are the next victim.
Lian tilted her head at the short sentence made by cutting out newspaper letters.
“What is this? It looks like the culprit wrote it, right?”
Venoff shook his head.
“The chances of that happening are slim. First of all, a serial killer never sent a murder notice. There’s no way you’ll suddenly reveal yourself, right?”
“Then it could be a joke. If you are a minister, there will be a lot of static. A political trick… …
Irene stepped out with her hands on her waist.
“no. My dad is not static. ‘Cause he’s the kind of person that no one can beat. And maybe the warning is true.”
Lian handed over the warning letter and asked.
“Why do you think so?”
“Do you know what the characteristics of the victims have been so far? between the ages of 10 and 20. It’s beautiful, it’s rich. Most of all, my skin is so good that I don’t have to wear makeup.”
“What do you mean by that?”
Irene pointed at herself as if frustrated.
“It’s me, me! pretty! lots of money! The texture of the flesh is also soft! If a killer has to kill someone, is there anyone else besides me?” It seemed that he was protesting to be killed.
“There is a point in what Lady Irene said. One of the characteristics of the victims is that they do not wear makeup.”
Rian rested her chin on her chin and thought.
“Anyone who is extremely sensitive to smells… …
“It means vampire. Certain chemical components that humans can detoxify are a weakness for them.”
“It could be a strategy to divert attention to the vampires. Then you are thorough.”
“that’s right. The problem is that there aren’t even eyewitnesses yet. Since we can’t narrow down the investigation, it’s getting more difficult to solve.”
“All right.”
The situation was roughly understood.
“Tonight is exactly the seventh day. For now, I will guard this place.”
A look of relief appeared in Irene’s eyes.
“Well, then I will ask you a favor. Because the warning note may be fake
It’s hard to concentrate.”
“Do not worry. I am enough alone.”
If Macha’s knight was guarding it, the Barque family would not have to worry about it for a while.
Venoff said to Irene.
“miss. Please follow Ryan’s words. No matter where you go, you won’t be able to find such a talented person.”
“I saw what this man was doing.”
As Benoff licked his lips and left the mansion, Irene showed her true colors and said,
“I’m going shopping right now, so get ready to go out. Please take off those old clothes and wear a tuxedo… … Wow!”
Rian also had her true color, so she went up the stairs with Irene over her shoulder.
“You sound like shopping. Go into your room from now on and don’t even step out.”
“transformation! Touching a woman’s body without permission! I will tell Dad everything later!”
“Please.”
It was the first time anyone had ever swung Irene like this, so the butler opened his mouth in a daze.
“What are you doing? Please guide me to your room.”
“Ah yes!”
At Lian’s jaw, the butler jumped up the stairs and led her to the room at the end of the hallway.
“It’s Mom!”
Irene, who was buried in the bed, immediately turned around and smiled as she bent one leg.
“Tell me honestly. Are you in a good mood right now? Do you get pleasure from treating a pretty girl like me?”
Rian looked back at the butler.
“Bring all the mirrors in the house. And the knights in the hall tell me to come to me as soon as they wake up.”
“All right. But the mirror
why… … ?”
“It’s preparing for infiltration.” Vampires can hide invisibility in a way that dominates human vision.
However, it was the eyes of a creature to the end, and it could not hide its reflection in the mirror.
“All right.”
While the butlers brought 30 mirrors to remove blind spots in Irene’s room, Lian rearranged the knights’ positions.
‘What about this… …
I brushed my hands off and looked back at the bed, and Irene was looking at me with a puzzled expression.
“What, do you have something to say?”
“Can I call my friends?”
“no.”
As Irene lowered her head sullenly, Lian spoke in a low voice as if admonishing.
“Be patient. It is a matter of life and death.”
“Being alone is scary. If that’s really what the killer is after, then I…”
Even if he pretended to be confident, he was still a child.
“So listen. If I’m by your side, you won’t die.”
If I died, I would die.
‘He’s not coming.’
Lian’s eyes narrowed when he heard the midnight bell on the first floor of the mansion.
‘Is this really a joke?’
“excuse me… … Can’t we go to the bathroom?”
As Irene twisted her body and said, Lian pointed to a pot placed in the corner of the room.
“There you are.”
“Are you really a pervert? How can a grown woman do business in a place like that!”
“Then come with me.”
“No! That’s never going to happen! It’s no small thing, so
peel… …
Ryan sighed.
“So what?”
“I’ll just go for a while. yes?” Looking at Irene’s expression, she was sweating, it seemed like something big was about to happen.
“Follow me.”
Irene checked again in front of the bathroom.
“Never come close. okay? Wait at the end of the hallway over there.”
“Go in quickly. Aren’t you in a hurry?”
When she stomped her feet and closed the door, Lian leaned against the door and sat down.
“……!”
When I heard the sound of seeing something big, I couldn’t help but burst into laughter.
‘Are all kids these days like that?’
Well, even when Rian was young, the world didn’t feel as heavy as it does now.
After a while, the sound of water was heard.
“Whoa, I almost died.”
Maybe because I was nervous, my captain’s activity was very active.
‘I’m sure he didn’t overhear it, right?’
If that was the case, I approached the washbasin, thinking that Sangjong was a human being who should not be stopped.
‘I’m going to leave in a little while. It’s the freedom of the tide.’
As I was washing my cold sweaty face with water, I looked in the mirror and saw a man standing there.
“huh?”
Irene’s eyes widened as she was receiving water again inertia.
‘What, what?’
Irene, who didn’t have the courage to look in the mirror again, turned her body around quietly and then turned her head.
There was no one.
“Whoa, then that’s right.”
At that moment, Lian’s words came to her mind, and she slowly looked back in the mirror in fear again.
A handsome man in a suit was smiling with red lips.
“Uh, uh uh.”
“Shh.”
The man in the mirror put his index finger to his lips.
‘Sal, save me!’
In my head, I wanted to scream with all my might, but my breath just wouldn’t come out as if my throat was clogged.
The man approached her silently and put his hands on her shoulders, and his cold breath touched the nape of her neck.
‘Bite. bite.’
The man’s fangs were clearly visible through the mirror.
“mister!”
At the same time as he shouted, the door was smashed and Lian stormed in with a greatsword.
‘vampire.’
The bathroom was empty, but in the side mirror a man was turning around.
As he positioned himself and lowered his greatsword, black smoke was pushed to the wall, revealing its true form.
“mister! Boy, keep me… …
“get out.”
Because the energy in her voice was different, Irene immediately escaped through the crack in the broken door.
“You can’t miss it!”
As he went outside, his lower body released into black smoke, Lian also spurred the ground and swung his sword.
“flea!”
Enraged at missing their target, the vampire whirled around Lian like a whirlpool.
‘ fast.’
Among the demons he had dealt with so far, only division commanders or higher had a speed equivalent to this.
‘Let’s see.’
Lian’s sword is the shortest straight line.
‘Stop cutting immediately upon detection.’ As the sword swung at the speed of a flash, the vampire split in two with a popping sound.
“Big!”
However, the two bodies were released into smoke again and gathered in the center of the corridor.
‘Half-soul half-married. It’s definitely tricky.’ Even so, the fact that he performed incarnation right before his body was split meant that he was at the top among vampires.
“… … Is it Almas?”
The vampire’s eyes twitched.
“It must have been a hunter.”
Pureblood vampires have a lineage.
“no. It is a wandering swordsman.”
These are Jinma’s Injection Rod, Rod’s Injection Almas, and Almas’ Injection Besica.
“But how do you know the genealogy of darkness?”
“When you live in the desert, you hear a lot of stories.”
Laika, who was the Minister of Internal Affairs of Radum’s sub-racial organization, Spectrum, was also of the Almas class.
“Hong, such an insignificant human… … The vampire moved with an afterimage.
“How dare you discuss Ma!”
All the windows in the hallway were broken, and knife marks and fingernail marks were carved on the walls as if there was no cause.
“That way! Catch the culprit!”
At the end of the hallway, the self-proclaimed Irene’s bodyguards were coming up the stairs carrying long swords.
“Do not come!”
Just as there is a saying that ignorance is brave, there was no room for fear because the battle was invisible.
“Where are you! come out!”
As soon as the knights caught in the spirit of resonance swung their swords in the air, the heads of three fell off.
“Aaaaaaa!”
Fearful now, everyone turned their backs and left the handshake going back to Irene.
“Idiots!”
Still, if you were a knight, wouldn’t you have to protect your employer, even by dying?
“Got it!”
Huge smoke billowed vertically in Irene’s field of vision, and the vampire’s face fell like a waterfall.
‘Divine transcendence!’
As the wind exploded with a bang, Lian, who had blocked Irene’s way before she knew it, swung her sword horizontally.
‘Heart sword!’
Cut the heart first.
“Kuaaa!”
The infinite horizon split the vampire.
“Ah, uncle… …
For a moment, the illusion of the world being divided up and down shimmered in Irene’s eyes.

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-814.txt
=============YYYYY=============
dark clan (2)
The mansion was no different from a moment ago.
‘Have my eyes gone wrong?’
However, when Lian’s sword swung, the wall cracked open, revealing the night scene.
And at last, even the scenery split, and only a single flash of light filled the field of vision.
“Big uh… … why?” The vampire’s eyes shook in shock. The body of a demigod and half-soul that can penetrate anything that can be destroyed. However, since Lian’s objects were indestructible, they were natural enemies to vampires.
“Back off.”
Lian aimed her sword at the front.
“It is not over yet.”
The blood was sticky between the vampire’s upper and lower body, and then joined again.
‘Strong play.’
It was one of pureblood’s ability to quickly recover the body using blood.
Vampires are a species that cannot be regenerated if a stake is driven into the heart, but revived if the stake is pulled out.
“you… … You are not human.”
Ryan is human.
“My sword will kill you. Catch me gently.”
“gibberish.”
History has proven what happens to vampires captured by humans.
The vampire, who turned his gaze around for a moment, caught the knights remaining behind his back.
“Geuk, I’ll kill even one more person.” The legs of the vampires started to split, and then they turned into countless bats and flew to the knights.
“Aww! what!”
After kicking off the ground, Lian burrowed into the crowd of bats and saw the terrified knights.
“Get out quickly!”
He swung his greatsword and scattered the bats, but the knights couldn’t even raise their heads.
“Live, live… … !”
Grabbing the knight by the collar and throwing it outside, the body bounced up and rolled on the floor.
“You are the scapegoat tonight!” The vampire, who had released his lower body like smoke, rushed at the neat-looking knight.
‘damn! I can’t!’
At the same time as Rian pushed the knight with all his might, the vampire’s palm flew into it.
“Chungpa!”
In a state of soul, the vampire’s shocking technique hit Lian’s chest.
“Kuk!”
Irene’s face turned pale as Lian’s heart stopped and she slammed into the wall with a bang.
“mister!”
Clink!
In-young with a sleek body broke through the window on the 3rd floor and landed in the hall on the 1st floor.
“Back off!”
It was a woman’s voice, silver hair.
She quickly climbed the stairs with a knocking sound and swung a sharp sword.
The blade cut through the nape of his neck.
“Ouch! This!”
She performed incarnation and turned into a half-soul, but surprisingly, the sword accurately cut the wound.
“??????Hunter!”
The moment I saw the polished black sword the woman was holding, my doubts were confirmed.
In any case, since he killed Lian, the escape route was open.
“damn! Let’s see!” The woman hurriedly turned her direction at the sight of Vampire running through the wall.
“Where are you going to run away!”
“mister! mister!”
The woman who was about to jump at Irene’s sobbing voice flinched and turned around.
Ryan leaned against the wall with his head bent.
“It is already late. Almas-class shock waves do not stop the heart, but explode it.”
There was no reason to even perform emergency resuscitation, so the woman blew herself away and disappeared through the broken window.
Irene did not give up and scolded Lian.
“Don’t die! What do I do when my uncle dies! I mean get up quickly!”
“Ooh, noisy.”
Ryan opened his eyes slowly.
“It’s Mom!”
Irene begged to be revived, but when she actually woke up, she was surprised as if she had seen a ghost.
“What, what is it? The woman has a heart… …
“Yes, it stopped.”
Yaksha’s durability has preserved its form, so it doesn’t take long to recover.
did not
‘Is it still playing?’
Smille’s hallucinations lingered in my ears.
“don’t worry. I won’t die like this.” I was told my heart stopped.
“… … Then how long will it take to die?”
“I don’t know either.”
Possibly no different from a vampire, Lian looked up at the third floor window.
“Who was it?”
Even in the turmoil of life and death, Irene remembered key information.
“She was a silver-haired woman, but the vampire called her Hunter.”
“aha.”
Not all hunters are strong, but as far as Lian knows, they use all the tricks that vampires hate.
‘It makes sense that he ran away.’ If it was a force specialized in fighting vampires, even the Almas class would have been difficult to deal with.
“I can’t. I can only promise the next one.”
It was an inevitable choice to save the knight, but it was better to have his heart stop once than to increase the number of deaths.
“What happened? no way… …
Belatedly, the lights in the mansion came on and Irene’s mother came running with the soldiers.
” mom!”
Holding Irene in her arms, she turned to Lian with a terrified expression.
Originally, she had to work overtime, but due to a warning, only she had returned home 2 hours ago.
“What happened?”
“Vampires are after your daughter. he ran away We won’t raid again tonight.”
“You missed it? Even if you have this many troops?”
Rian did not want to explain the position of the Almas class in vampire society.
“Mom, Uncle Lian, no, my older brother protected me.”
Since there are only a limited number of cases where Irene calls an older person her brother, her mother also relaxed her expression.
“Oh, sorry. I became sensitive without even realizing it.”
“it’s okay. You must be worried about your daughter.”
“yes. If you need anything, let me know. We will do our best to help with any kind of support.”
Ryan looked around the hallway.
“Then, disband all troops first.”
“yes?”
It was an absurd proposal, but if the opponent was Almas, that ragtag would only become a hostage.
“It’s easier for me to keep myself alone. I will explain in detail when the chief of police arrives tomorrow morning.”
“Mom, do as you say.”
Irene’s voice sounded like there was something only the two of them could know.
“Al, okay. then.”
At her direction, Irene came running while the butlers removed the body and tidied up the house.
“Brother, then what should I do?”
Ryan was adamant.
“You go to bed quickly.”
The next morning, the security chief Benoff, who had already received a message from the previous night, came to Bark’s door.
“Have you got one?”
“yes. The culprit seems to be a vampire. That is also the rank of Almas.”
Benoff scratched his head at the word that there were only a few dozen pure blood in the world.
“damn! A giant has arrived.”
“There is a fatality. sorry.”
“I heard about it. It’s not your fault. There would have been more deaths if you hadn’t sacrificed yourself.”
“How is the guard?”
“The whole family will be taken to the royal castle. You can join our riot squad. You don’t intend to leave, do you?”
Although he did not have the same philanthropy as Sirone, Ri An was a swordsman who swore to take responsibility for all deaths.
“Sure. Are there any results?”
“Just confirming that you are a vampire can be called an achievement. From now on, I will press hard.”
“Where are you?”
“There are places where we did not have access rights because there were no clear guidelines in place. Lodenine Blood Bank. Sooner or later, the royal castle will delegate permission to enter.”
If the culprit who took a large amount of blood was a vampire, it was essential to investigate the blood bank.
“Wouldn’t it be too late?”
“The blood bank is a royal subordinate institution. Other departments cannot see the books until a warrant is issued.”
“okay.”
“I’m going to mobilize the royal guard ‘kidney’. If that happens, even a pure-blooded vampire will be defeated.”
If it was an Almas class, that would be the case.
‘Something is strange.’
For the amount of blood one vampire needed, he was losing too much blood.
‘Did they form an organization centered on Almas?’
In particular, the possibility of an inside spy could not be ruled out if it was a royal institution.
“Can you give me some time?”
“why? The riot squad hasn’t been formed yet… …
“There is something I want to investigate separately.”
So, the Barque family entered the royal castle, and Lian walked around the city alone.
‘Here. Lodenin Blood Bank.’ After examining the seven-story building occupying the corner of the triangle, he entered an alleyway.
At night, as expected, several groups roamed the labyrinthine alleys.
‘There is no way to confirm.’
One of the reasons why it was difficult to wipe out vampires was that they were indistinguishable from humans.
‘It has the disadvantage of being weak against sunlight, but… …
It was also fatal for non-pureblood hybrids, and I heard that purebloods use strong regeneration to survive.
“Hey, you guys.”
When Lian called, the group of five stopped walking and turned their heads.
“What are you?”
A man of medium height, who seemed to be the leader, took out a knife first.
“There is something I want to ask you. This blood bank, have you ever seen people come in and out at this hour?”
The leader’s eyes visibly wavered.
“Who are you? Are you at peace?”
“It’s an inspection.”
“test?”
The leader approached brandishing a knife.
“How does my sword taste?”
Just piercing his stomach with a knife without revealing his murderous intentions was evidence of his extensive experience.
“what?”
When Lian, who quickly twisted his upper body, punched his stomach, the leader’s feet rose.
“Turn it off… …
Seeing him kneeling down and regurgitating gastric juices, a group of people from behind rushed at him.
“This bastard is trying to do it now!” There was no need to pull out the greatsword.
“100 million! 100 million!”
When Benoff tapped him with a jab he had learned physically, his neck snapped and he fell to the floor.
“Sal, please save me! We know nothing!”
‘I’m not a vampire.’
But it seemed like he really didn’t know anything.
“Blow honestly. Like I said before, I’m not a security guard. If you make a mistake… …
As Lian pulled out the great sword, the leader’s face turned pale.
“I really don’t know! We just moved! You didn’t do anything wrong!”
“Move? what?”
“Go, bag! If you wait here in front of the blood bank, someone will come in at dawn and give you a bag and money. If you deliver the bag, the money will be ours.”
“Who gave you the bag?”
“It was dark, so I couldn’t see closely.” Lian pointed the greatsword at his neck.
“I put on my glasses! He has a sharp look and is about a hand taller than me. Her face is pale and slim.”
‘He’s not the one who came into the Bark family.’
Ryan asked.
“Where did you carry the bag?”
“Each time the destination is different. Sometimes it’s 13 blocks, sometimes it’s 47 blocks.”
He probably wouldn’t have told me the hideout.
“Are there other people besides you who do this?”
“It seems like everyone is doing it these days. The forces set a date and take turns transporting them. It’s embarrassing to be honest, but they give you too much money. It’s something we risk our lives for.”
Ryan checked the time.
“go back. And from now on, don’t even come here.” As if he didn’t understand, the leader made a blank expression, and Lian raised his tiger eyes and threatened.
“If you don’t like it, would you like to die here?”
“Oh no!”
The leader, unable to even pick up the dropped knife, ran into the alley, and the crowd followed.
‘He’s a broker who goes in and out of the blood bank. If so, the security forces will already be under surveillance.’
That’s why Lian had to step in.
After waiting for two hours at the place where the bullies were returned, people were completely cut off.
On a dark night when even the crystal lights were turned off, a man wearing a bowler hat appeared in front of a blood bank.
‘Come.’
After he looked around and headed out the back door, Lian went out into the street and started following him.

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-815.txt
=============YYYYY=============
dark clan (3)
A man in a bowler hat and glasses took one last look around from the back door of the Blood Row.
The name of the man who looks exactly like the one I heard from the bully leader is Tempest.
Like the vampires who attacked the Bark family, they belonged to the Almas class.
As Lian was looking around the corner, the man slipped through the wall without opening the door.
‘Vampire confirmed.’
Lian, who stayed in the seat for about a minute, moved slowly and approached the back door.
‘It’s embarrassing.’
Ryan didn’t have the key.
Lian, who gently grabbed the doorknob of the steel door, slightly raised the strength of his arm.
“Huh.”
Suddenly, the iron twisted and the door opened.
‘Did you hear it?’
I quietly pushed the door and checked the movement inside, but I didn’t feel anyone.
When I went inside, relying on the intuition I had cultivated through experience, the corridor stretched all the way to the end of the building.
The crystal lamp was only partially shining, and as I followed the dark hallway, I saw a light in the distance.
‘Blood Refrigerator.’
After reading the sign, he looked outside the door and saw that specially treated blood packs were stored by type.
As the vampire turned toward the door, Lian hurriedly leaned her back against the wall.
‘I won’t be noticed.’
Fastness is not the only measure of strength.
‘There was no sign.’
Lian’s tailing was so slow that even air flow didn’t occur, which was a considerable level.
‘It’s not the best yet.’
He didn’t like his level, but it was enough to fool the enemy.
When Tempest opened the lid of the iron box, the blood packs were neatly stacked.
He glanced over and put the bag beside him and began to move the packs one by one.
“What are you up to?”
Finally, when Lian turned around and stood in front of the door, Tempest stopped moving.
However, he soon regained his composure and continued his work without looking back.
“You’re the one who disturbed Masquer.”
It must have been the name of the vampire who attacked the Bark family, so there was only one conclusion.
“Are you also Almas?”
“It’s called Tempest. It’s been a while since I’ve lived. In the dark, of course.”
“I have no intention of getting involved in vampire society.”
Lian grabbed the large straight sword behind his back.
“But you can’t harm humans. If you get caught obediently, you won’t be in a bad shape.”
“damage?”
Tempest smiled.
“Just as humans eat things, we crave blood to live. To put it in disgust, like a mosquito. Man kills mosquitoes, but he feels no guilt for it.”
It is Lian who has collided with many beliefs while crossing the desert.
‘It’s always like this.’
There were very few cases where the correct answer could be found, and the result was always up to the winner.
“I don’t want to complicate things. I have killed and will kill a human being, so I will arrest you.”
“okay?”
Putting the blood pack in his bag, he turned around.
“I heard about it. They say you fight like a hunter. But do you know where this is?”
“Blood bank.”
“That’s right.”
Tempest’s pupils constricted vertically.
“How are you going to catch me?”
Throwing the blood pack left in the box to Lian, he moved as fast as teleportation.
As Lian’s sword sliced through the pack, blood splattered horizontally along the blade’s trail.
‘Don’t miss it.’
If there were no interrupters, even the Almas class was one step below Lian.
The straight sword was drawn like a flash, and Tempest’s left arm separated with a slap.
“Big!”
In that moment, Tempest finally realized the seriousness of the situation.
‘It’s a strange sword.’
The half-soul vampire has 50% immunity to physical attacks.
However, as Masquer had said, Lian’s black avatar didn’t work.
“but… … !”
When he bit the blood pack, the blood poured out, turning Tempest’s lips red.
‘Strong play!’
The slime blood gushed from the severed arm and regenerated the body in an instant.
“I am invincible here!”
As the Tempest valiantly advanced, the inside of the refrigerator was turned over in a mess.
‘It’s annoying.’
Although Rian severed Tempest several times, the body that sucked the blood did not know that it would be broken.
‘damn! Are you really human?’
On the other hand, Tempest also felt Masquer’s words that Lian was not human.
‘I have to retreat for now.’
That moment when Tempest’s body, which had been released by black smoke, headed out the door as if being sucked in.
‘Now!’
Rian, who rushed with the power of axing, stabbed a large straight sword into the center of the only remaining upper body.
“Kuaaa!”
As the Tempest’s smoke regained its physical form, it pierced the heart and pinned it to the wall.
“Regeneration is impossible if blood circulation is blocked.”
“Quack.”
Tempest grabbed the great sword with both hands.
“Yeah, but you can’t kill me. There’s plenty of blood, so why don’t you stay like that all night.”
A voice was heard outside the door.
“How about this?”
Something stuck in Tempest’s throat with a pick sound.
“Kuh! This… … It was a small syringe.
“what?”
When Lian turned his head, a middle-aged gentleman with a thin moustache entered carrying a medical bag.
“Don’t move. If you pull out the sword, your heart will start beating again.”
After warning, the middle-aged gentleman removed the blood pack from the table and opened the bag.
Two figures enter the warehouse while he improvises a mixture of three drugs and sucks them into a syringe.
It was a tall man and a silver-haired woman.
Lian noticed that the woman’s hair was silver.
“It’s done. Now just inject… …
Tempest shouted in realization as the middle-aged gentleman approached, drawing oxygen from the syringe.
“Hunter?”
Then he struggled violently.
“no! That’s not enough!”
My heart stopped, so I had no energy.
“Vampire special blood coagulant. It only takes 5 minutes to detox, but it’s enough in this state.”
“You children! free me! I will kill you! I will suck all your blood!”
“now! stay calm It is very painful.”
Tempest screamed as the middle-aged gentleman violently thrust a syringe into his collarbone.
“Kuaaaaa!”
When the injection was injected, a noticeable change occurred.
‘It is disappearing.’
Violet blood vessels rose like a net on Tempest’s pale skin, and the skin became crumbly and fell off like dead skin cells.
“Ahhhhh… …
Then, as if it had been cooked by the heat, the whole body burned to a crisp and turned to ash and fell to the floor. A tall man followed the middle-aged gentleman and looked at Lian with a huge gun slung over his shoulder.
“What are you anyway? How did you find out about this place?”
Before he could answer, the silver-haired woman raised her sword and charged.
“Move. I have to kill you.”
As Lian, who had activated Axing, hurriedly stepped back, his colleagues watched with their eyes narrowed.
“what? Why are you moving like that?”
The silver-haired woman pointed a sword.
“You must be a vampire. kill it.”
Ryan roughly grasped the situation.
‘Things are twisted.’
Certainly Axing resembles a vampire’s movements, and above all, she was the one who confirmed Rian’s death.
“You must be wrong. I am human.”
“gibberish!”
As the silver-haired woman ran up the wall, a tall man pointed a gun in front of her.
“Is this it?”
As the bullet fired with a roar, Lian raised her arm to block it.
With a popping sound, the marbles lodged in the muscles.
“Keugh!”
“Did you block it with your body?”
Seeing that sight, the tall man lowered his gun, and the woman who ran up the wall also landed in the middle.
“Huh!”
Hearing Smille’s hallucinations, he tightened his arm and the orb fell to the floor.
it was made of silver.
“what? Are you going to be patient?”
When hit by a silver bullet, it was impossible to recover for several minutes even with Almas-class powerful regeneration.
“It doesn’t work for me. Are you human?”
The tall man shook his head.
“No, if you’re human, you’re already dead.” A middle-aged gentleman returned from looking outside and waved to his comrades.
“Let’s get out of here. The ‘kidney’ is coming.”
Lian frowned.
“height? Royal Guard?”
I heard that it will take time for the mobilization team to be organized.
‘There’s something I don’t know.’
The giant pointed at Lian with his thumb.
“What about this guy?”
The silver-haired woman came closer to Lian.
“Are you not a vampire?”
“As you can see… … No, I can’t prove it, but I hate drinking blood.”
Even to her, Lian’s face had a lively complexion, unlike yesterday when his heart stopped.
“Xenia, didn’t you misunderstand? If it’s vampire fire, you just need to feel the waves.”
The silver-haired woman, Xenia, bit her lip.
“It’s a problem because I can’t feel it.”
The middle-aged gentleman concluded.
“Then you are a human. Are you going to take it or not? Things get complicated when you get entangled with Wang Seong.”
Even though they were vampire hunters, they weren’t using legal methods either.
Xenia turned and spoke to Lian.
“If you are really innocent, follow me. You’ll find out if you investigate at headquarters.”
“I will.”
Ryan had no intention of being here either.
“However, if it turns out that you are a vampire… …
Crossing the threshold, Xenia said coldly.
“I will kill you myself.”
Royal Guards surrounded the Blood Bank.
“The door is broken!”
“Go in! Beat the Vampire
la!”
20 minutes after that, a group of troops who looked inside approached the commander of the 3rd unit in Xinjiang.
“I found the traces of the vampire. but… … It had already turned to ashes and was destroyed.”
“Damn it! Are you a Hunter again?”
“How on earth did he know to come to you first?? This operation was completely classified.”
“I don’t know. Rumor has it that it’s another vampire. withdraw anyway The blood bank is closed for the time being.”
“yes!”
On the roof of a building 100 meters away from him, Lian was looking at the blood bank.
‘It must have been a secret operation.’
Tomorrow morning, Benoff’s temper tantrum was pictured in his mind.
the middle-aged gentleman asked.
“I don’t think it’s from the king’s side, but where did you get the information about the blood bank?”
“Just, here and there.”
It seemed that there was no need to reveal the reason.
“We are hunters. It’s called the Genocide Team. Should I say the last vampire hunter left in Lodenin?”
‘Genocide.’
The team name was significant.
“I am the drug expert catein. This is Gunner Fowler. And swordsman Xenia, the leader of Genocide.”
Xenia, who cut her silver hair short, had a sharp chin and thin eyebrows.
“Hong, I don’t know who I am yet, but Tong Seong-myung Katein stopped talking.
“What is your name?”
“Rian. Ogent Lian.”
Xenia turned to Lian with a surprised expression.
“A Knight of Macha?”
In this case, it was convenient to know the name.
“It seemed like they called it that way too.”
There is a rumor that a swordsman has heard at least once since the demons appeared in the world.
A mythical story about a swordsman crossing the desert alone and slashing demons.
‘This man… …
He was much younger than I had imagined.
“but!”
Xenia’s voice trembled.
“You got hit by shock! My heart wouldn’t have been able to hold on. No, he was definitely not breathing… …
“Long, so to speak.” At least it wasn’t something to talk about at dawn.
“Go back at once. Leave it to Dr. Grain.”
Anyone who studies anomalies in living things should be able to come up with an answer.
Xenia groaned and turned around.
“Follow me. Let me introduce you to the hideout.”

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-816.txt
=============YYYYY=============
dark clan (4)
Genocide’s hideout was a small cabin in the woods beyond the city walls.
It was a cozy place where firewood was burning in the fireplace, but when I went down to the basement, a fortress came out packed with sophisticated machinery.
There was a passage leading to the weapons storage, and on the other side was the machine room.
“Come on. Did things go well?” A woman with grease on her face opened the door to the machine room and came out.
Her red hair was cut short like a man’s, and a dirty towel was wrapped around her neck.
“Oh my, who is this person?”
Xenia didn’t believe anything she wasn’t sure about.
“I do not know yet. I met you on the way Where is Mr. Grain?”
“To the medical room. It sounds like you’ve developed a new drug.”
At the end of the hallway, there are medical facilities in a space larger than a cabin.
The white-bearded doctor who was looking through the microscope turned his chair.
“Here we come, our stormtroopers.”
Doctor Grain.
A doctor belonging to Genocide and a clinical trial expert, he was a man who knew everything about vampires.
“I see a new face. no way… … Aren’t you a vampire?”
It was a common joke, but this time the reaction of the party was not so friendly.
“I brought him for that. This man is called Macha’s knight. Self-proclaimed, of course.”
“Hoo? If so, I’m even more suspicious. Slashing 10,000 demons is not the realm of living things.”
“Stop talking nonsense and check it out. Can a human whose heart has stopped be revived?”
Grain turned to Lian as if seeking an explanation.
“What are you talking about?”
“in fact… …
On the way to the hideout, he heard about a person called Grain, so Lian also expressed his curiosity.
“Hmm, if you hear the hallucination of Smille, it means that the wound will regenerate. Even in death.”
“yes. I think I forgot how to die.”
Grain nodded.
“It’s a strange thing. But it is not a special phenomenon. Because immortality is also the original characteristic of living things.”
“You mean you won’t die?”
“What is death? Just because a stone breaks doesn’t mean it’s dead. Living things also came from inorganic matter. If you go back to the beginning of life, to the primeval, there is no concept of death.”
Ryan listened intently.
“But why didn’t it evolve into an eternal creature? It’s because of the virus. Small things in the middle between animate and inanimate things infect certain information.”
Grain punched the palm of his hand.
“You know what I mean? If we don’t try to change the information, we’ll go extinct because of the virus. There is a limit to defense with mutation alone. So living things borrowed a unique way of combining information. The combination of male and female creates new information and then discards the old information.”
“That is death.”
“As long as the virus exists, old information must be discarded, and new information must be produced endlessly. This is why animals hate incest. Combining it with outdated information does not help fight the virus.”
Grain pointed at Lian.
“Smiele’s hallucinations, your grandfather said he heard them too. But you don’t know who Smille is.”
“yes.”
“Maybe he knows. Even if it’s not in your memory, it could be imprinted in your genes.”
“Genes?”
“The more you enter the world of microparticles, the more you realize that there are no analogs in this world. Life is nothing more than an aggregate of information in the smallest unit. I think your present nature could be a very old genetic code that responds to certain stimuli.”
Xenia asked.
“If that information is triggered, you don’t die?”
“It is possible. As I said earlier, death is not the original function of life.”
Ryan asked.
“Is it possible to get the information written in that gene into your head?”
I wanted to know.
Who was the owner of <Idea>, and why did Ymir know Ogent?
“I don’t think it’s impossible.” Grain rose from his seat.
“Because the auditory hallucinations you hear are also memories at the genetic level infiltrating your head. But it takes a complicated process to go into more detail.”
“What if it’s a complicated process?”
“Genetic information is not human text. But the brain is a perfect interpreter. If a specific stimulus evokes a memory, try changing the direction and intensity of that stimulus.”
Grain was an expert.
“Probably not an area that creatures can handle. No matter how regenerated, the pain is real. So, how far have you experienced it?”
“well. I have experienced the extent to which my heart stops.” Saying that, I looked back at her, Xenia, and she shrugged her shoulders as if she believed it now.
“Have you ever been decapitated?”
“They have never been completely separated.” Grain pursed his lips.
“If I were to test you, I would cut off your neck first. Because I want to know the limit of recovery.”
“I have had my brain broken, but Grain shook his head.
“It is completely different. The body is a combination of core functions that cannot be said to be more important. It’s not important because it’s already been weeded out. It’s a risky endeavor if you don’t have experience. You wouldn’t want that either.”
It’s true that I wanted to know about Smille’s hallucinations, but I couldn’t die in vain.
“yet… … I think there is still work to be done.”
“Yes, as a last resort. Let’s stay here and try this and that.”
Ryan asked.
“Then what is a vampire? Did they also activate immortality at the gene level?”
“no. Quite the contrary.” Grain turned to Lian.
“Strictly speaking, they are not creatures. It’s a virus. Dominating humans by injecting specific information into them, or regenerating their bodies by absorbing their information. Everything follows the mechanism of the virus. Neither animate nor inanimate, a demigod and half-soul being.”
“You mean the virus evolved?”
“no. It was a creature at first.” Grain’s accident went back in time.
“A long time ago… … There was a bat that realized incarnation and got a human body.”
It was an old anecdote.
“Like any human being, he was obsessed with eternal life, and eventually got it. But he wasn’t satisfied with that. No matter how infinite the lifespan, the extinction of the object cannot be prevented. That’s why I can’t cut your throat.”
Creatures can be destroyed by some powerful force.
“He wanted to exist until the end of the world. Then I found the most efficient way to go back to the source of life.”
“It’s a virus.”
“okay. half-married. He could have become a virus that never dies at the cost of giving up half of his substance.”
Grain’s eyes contained the intent to kill.
“That is the beginning of vampires. He is currently third in the Order of the Ten Lords, the last of Faust the Jinma.”
“… … You know about Heaven.”
“I don’t know the details. All I know is the information I got while tracing the lineage of Vampyre. Faust, who gained true eternal life, naturally lost his ability to reproduce. Instead, they inject special prions from their fangs to make them obedient.”
“Are you talking about pure blood?”
“When Jinma stayed in our world, 3 people were injected. They are the Lords who rule the vampire society.”
Grain drew a genealogy in the air with his finger.
“Lord created dozens of Almas, and Almas created thousands of Vesicas. The further down the genealogy, the further away from Jinma. But one day, someone from the Besica class mutated.”
“Which mutation is it?”
“It’s got fertility.” “That Besica, who fell in love with her human woman, slept with her and bore her child. Surprisingly, even that child had vampire traits. We call them half horses. But purebloods are called this.”
Grain raised his index finger.
“hybrid.”
Xenia’s face darkened.
“A lot of hybrids have spread in the world. Werewolves come out of various crossbreeds that are beyond words. Of course, breeding between half-horses was much more common.” Grain glanced at Xenia.
“In the process, a mutant with abilities impossible even for pure-blooded vampires was born.”
“which… … ?”
“As viruses have their own wavelength, vampires also have a special wavelength. It gave me the ability to accurately detect that wavelength and track its location.”
The biggest reason why vampires could not be wiped out was that they were difficult to distinguish from humans.
“It’s a great ability.”
“that’s right. That’s how Vampire Hunter was born. Its characteristic is that it has been silver-haired since birth. That’s why we call them Silverbones.”
Only then did Rian look back at Xenia.
“Huh, what?”
Grain said.
“that’s right. Xenia is a Silverborn. Her skin gets burned by ultraviolet rays and her ability to detoxify silver is extremely low, but her body is regenerated through her blood and she has physical abilities comparable to those of a vampire.” Just then, a woman from the engine room, Engineer Passett, entered the medical room.
“But instead of blood, they eat human food and have the ability to reproduce. There is no incarnation of a bat.”
One of the abilities of vampires, mimicking a bat, was the incarnation of Faust, a real horse, passed down from generation to generation.
“Facet, are you done?”
“What’s the point of counting live ammunition? Anyway, with this case, some money came in, so I increased the percentage of silver in the alloy. The paralysis effect will increase by 10% compared to before.”
Fowler clashed their fists.
“Hahaha! I want to see a quick shoot! I’m dying to see the expression on the face of a battered vampire!”
Passett reached out to Lian.
“nice to meet you. I don’t know what happened, but the misunderstanding seems to have been resolved. I’m an engineer facet. I am working on remodeling firepower.”
“Firepower?”
drug expert Catein said.
“There are three main ways to deal with vampires. Firearms, drugs, and metals. Everyone exploits their weaknesses.”
Passett went on to explain.
“Use silver for firepower. Because it slows down the vampire’s recovery. The drug group uses a drug called Anticell manufactured by Mr. Grain. And the metal tool, Xenia, pulled out a black metallic sharp sword.
“Silence. It is made of an alloy with Obscura B added to it.”
“Obscura… …
It was a material that went into the video recorder, and due to its scarcity, it was an item handled by the state.
“Even a vampire cannot penetrate Obscura B.”
Passett said.
“It’s incredibly expensive. It’s a mineral that can only be found in ultra-low-temperature dark rooms, and it can’t be made with alchemy. That’s why I couldn’t even dare to use it as a firearm and used it for a metal weapon. A good swordsman is much more efficient than a firearm.”
Xenia smiled, which is not often seen.
“What is the effect of Anticell?”
“Basically, it clots blood and destroys cells. Vampires are defenseless against cell-level attacks.”
Grain raised the syringe.
“Still, I need to prepare a lot to deal with them. When hit with the power pack I developed, it has pain-relieving effects and increases muscle strength. Strengthening the nervous system also increases agility.”
There were also side effects.
“Is everyone fighting against that?”
“No, Xenia is an exception. There is something much more efficient than a power pack for a half horse.”
Xenia pulled out a slender mechanism.
“Blood Q (menthol).”
It was a tool for steaming blood and inhaling steam.

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-817.txt
=============YYYYY=============
the world they live in (1)
“It is simple to use. The iron core generates heat when the button is pressed. This heat evaporates the blood.”
When Xenia, who was holding the Blood Q, pressed the button with her thumb, a stem rose from the tip.
“Suck this up.”
As she put the tube in her mouth and inhaled, her silver hair stood up a few strands and her eyes tightened.
“You eat blood.”
No matter how much the form changes, the fact does not change
don’t
“okay. I am also half a vampire.”
Smoke mixed with the cool scent of menthol spewed from her mouth.
Grain said.
“Drinking blood is kind of disgusting, so it was designed to be inhaled in vapor form. It also has the advantage of being fast. Because it permeates right through the capillaries.”
“Where do you get the blood?”
“From humans. In an illegal way.”
The word illegal was not used.
“I won’t make the excuse that I couldn’t help it. However, while inhaling Blood Q, Xenia’s sensitivity is enhanced by more than 100 times. It’s enough to track all vampires within a radius of 2 kilometers.”
When Xenia inhaled the Blood Q again, her hair stood up even more and a few strands trembled.
“Seven vampires 700 meters to the northwest. Three at 900 meters to the south. It is also on the east side.”
Fowler gnashed his teeth.
“It’s a garden of bats.”
“Recently, the number is increasing even more. The number of Almas we checked is already 4. Do you know what this means?”
Lian replied.
“road.”
“okay. The ruler of vampires, it means that one of the three Lords is here in Lodenin. In other words, the opportunity to end this damn war has arrived.”
In order to annihilate the vampires that increase their numbers through injection, the root must be cut.
Grain said.
“Fight with us. It’s a price to pay, but I’ll actively cooperate with you to find out your secret.”
“Do not worry. I have already sworn to take responsibility for the death I caused.
Are you?”
Macha’s knight is a person who is on the list of candidates for the great swordsman among the hooligans.
The faces of Genocide and his party brightened as they gained a strong ally, but Xenia was an exception.
“Talk to me.”
Grain said as Xenia went upstairs.
“Looks like you have something to say as the team leader. just remember this She is not Vampire.”
he added.
“And not even human.”
Xenia is a Silverborn.
“I know.”
Blood Q, which evaporates and inhales disgusting blood, must have been a tool to show her identity.
Leaving the group behind in the medical room, Lian followed Xenia up to the cabin.
The door was open, and she was looking up at the moon with her obscura-B sword drawn.
“What are you talking about?”
Xenia turned around.
“Why are you fighting demons? Is it hate plural? Or is there some other reason?”
It was suitable as a half-ma’s question.
“To protect the person I love.”
Xenia was lost in thought.
“Are you? Why are you fighting vampires? If you have to hate someone, isn’t that human?”
Humans are the most exclusive species.
“It is not wrong. Because my parents were both half horses. I’m not ignorant of human hostility… …
Xenia laughed.
“Do humans become objects of hatred?” “You know, even half-horses, humans are no match for us. They are just prey. It was a vampire, not a human, who killed my parents.”
The moonlight was cold.
“I just lived a normal life. Sucking human blood with mom and dad, sometimes looking at the moon… …
Xenia asked.
“Is it weird to say it’s normal?”
“no. The same goes for humans anyway.” Preying on numerous races, ordinary people
Crabs live.
“But they gave us a tragedy.”
“blood?”
“They call us hybrids. Guys don’t know love. I can’t do raw food itself. virus.”
Her sword, the Dark Blade, trembled.
“If humans are food for pure-bloods, hybrids are insects that cannot even be eaten. In the end, my parents were arrested… …
When Xenia tore off the collar on both sides, a lightning bolt-shaped wound was engraved on the pit of the stomach.
“I too have been subjected to all sorts of experiments. Even if you inhale blood cues, these wounds won’t go away. It’s not my skin tissue. You rubbed my stomach as you please. Do you know that feeling?”
Because it was Lian, it seemed like he knew.
“All members of Genocide have lost someone important to vampires. Fowler’s wife, Grain’s daughter… …
Xenia turned to Lian.
“What have you lost? Are you fighting to protect your loved ones? If that’s the case, you’re looking at this floor funny. You are also a peculiar character. If I fall into their hands, I will suffer the same fate. You won’t be able to stand it.”
It wasn’t Rian that Xenia didn’t trust, it was all selfish humans.
“No matter how hard it is, if you can console yourself, you are not ready to fight. To me, any aphorism, any verse in the world is just disgusting.”
It was the world of vampire hunters.
“I wanted to become stronger.”
Ryan was the first to speak.
“There is someone I really want to protect. But he is much stronger than me.”
Is Sirone still fighting the world?
“I think about how to become stronger. But when that question comes to mind, I wonder what is stronger this time. There are many answers, but none of them really hit me.”
Xenia listened silently.
“So I decided to just walk. Every step I took seemed to bring me closer, so I just walked.”
That’s how I cut 10,000 demons.
“From the end of the land in the north, continue toward the house… … Then I arrived here. Am I stronger now? Can you protect someone important to you?”
It was a simple and ignorant method that was hard to believe for someone who was nominated for the Grand Swordsman.
“I don’t know yet. But even now I am walking straight. Maybe we’ll find out when we get home.”
“What if you still don’t know what strength is?”
“Walk again.” It was too easy to say what a dark feeling it was.
“Strength means, you are a swordsman too, but what kind of swordsmanship did you practice, how much did you improve your strength, even reading books or referring to quotes from famous swordsmen… …
It was the only fact I realized while crossing the desert.
“It won’t be that complicated. It’s because you don’t understand that it’s complicated. If I could walk the whole world, if I could break through everything in front of me… …
Lian pulled out a large straight sword.
“It means I can go anywhere.”
Zenia, who flew backwards as if buoyant, drooped the Dark Blade diagonally.
“At that point, there is only one place I need to go.”
Sirone.
“Return to the lord.”
As Lian’s body was denied, he rushed at Xenia with a motion that ignored inertia.
“Taha!”
Xenia, who spun while dodging the attack, swung her sword at Lian’s back neck.
‘what?’
As if the front and back of the body were reversed, Ri An suddenly turned around and raised the sword upward.
A clear iron voice exploded, and the Dark Blade soared high into the sky.
Xenia looked at the direction of the black sword reflected in the moonlight and raised her head in a daze.
“Your situation, and mine, are actually not complicated. Once you break through, everything becomes simple.”
It gets complicated when you don’t have the courage to do it.
“I have no intention of stopping. So don’t stop either.”
Lian, who caught the falling Dark Blade, reversed the blade with a graceful motion and pushed out the handle.
“ah??????
“If I want to stop, then you just have to hit my neck with this sword yourself.”
Xenia, who had been staring at the extended handle for a long time, retrieved the Dark Blade as if snatching it.
“Hong, it’s quite good. But remember. I don’t believe in humans or vampires. I only trust the people I trust.”
Since I couldn’t heal her wounds every night, Lian felt lighthearted on the other side as well.
“let’s go. We have to wipe out the vampires.” Back at the cabin’s underground facility, Genocide and the others were having an early breakfast.
“Come on. Is the talk over?”
When Xenia threw the Dark Blade, it hit the wide magnet attached to the wall with a bang.
“We agreed on the point of fighting together.”
It was a word that was left open, but Lian looked different just by convincing Xenia.
“Come and sit down. Eating is important to fighting.”
The meeting proceeded with a menu of boiled meat and fresh vegetables.
“Even in the state of inhaling blood cues, the location of the rod is still unknown.”
Passett said.
“To know that, you must first capture the Almas class. By the way, I heard that the blood bank is closed?”
said Ryan.
“Maybe vampires have infiltrated the royal castle. Because Almas can withstand sunlight. There’s someone I know in the police force, so I’ll ask.”
I had to meet Benoff anyway.
“Are you okay? Is it morning already?”
“A day or so is fine.”
Xenia stretched out and yawned.
“It won’t be more than a day from now. You’d better adjust to jet lag quickly, too.”
For vampire hunters, morning was the time to sleep.
“I will.”
It was morning when the sun was pouring through the branches of the trees when I went out of the cabin.
‘Will Irene be safe?’
The memories of the previous night were dark like a dream.
“Lord, I’ve been looking for blood.” An Almas class Masquer has arrived at the vampire hideout in Lodenin’s underground dormitory.
When Tempest, who was in charge of the blood bank, disappeared, he had to wander all night to fill the quota.
Standing on a chair engraved with ugly bat sculptures, an old man who seemed to never grow old looked away.
It was the Vampire Lord, Benedict.
“Keugh!”
The reason why you feel the chill just by making eye contact is because he made you.
“It is too late. He was very angry.”
“sorry! Because the hunters are interfering… …
“I don’t want to hear excuses.”
As his voice resounded in the dome-shaped space made of bricks, all the Almas guarding the side knelt.
“For an immortal being to be swayed by a human or something. It could be said to be the disgrace of a vampire.”
Masquer had something to say.
“Haona, the opponent is the Silver Bone. And among the humans I met, there was even a knight of Macha.”
“A Knight of Macha?”
“You may not know Lord, but he is classified as Class One among humans.”
“Class one.”
Vampires rule the human night, but there were exceptionally strong individuals among humans.
Class One was the best among vampires, and it was a daunting level with one Almas.
“Please pack up your troops. I will take another Almas and wipe them out.”
Benedict shook his head.
“There are more important things to do now. To awaken the two remaining Lords from hibernation.”
It was the first time in 2,000 years that three Lords appeared in the world at the same time.
“For the time being, don’t pay attention to the Hunter and focus on collecting more blood.”
Masquer was about to lower his head when he heard a cold voice from behind.
“It’s a different story when it comes to Macha’s knights. Because my comrade, Bak-nyeo, is also a person who has defeated me.”
Benedict jumped up from his seat.
“I-how did you get to such a shabby place… …
Faust, the model of vampires and the 3rd in the Order of the Ten Commandments, appeared with a beautiful smile.
“Meet Jinma!”
While dozens of vampires knelt down, he looked up at the ceiling and murmured.
“He will be our last puzzle.”

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-818.txt
=============YYYYY=============
the world they live in (2)
The border area between Kashan and Jive.
In the middle of the desert where the sun was beating down, a man in a priestly uniform was reading a book.
Curly black hair covered her face like a curtain under her black fedora.
Sitting on a rock, bending his long legs like a stork at right angles, he looked up at the sun and exhaled.
“ha.”
Dry smoke billowed out.
“Are you coming again?”
As I lowered my gaze to the horizon, an old man wearing a black umbrella approached me through the haze.
“Are you still holding on to your bible?”
As if God had lifted it up and put it down, the old man was approaching the man before he knew it.
“A life without mercy is like an endless desert.”
“Have you forsaken God?”
the old man added.
“To become a god.” The bible closed with a thud.
“What did you come for?”
“The Lord is looking for you.” The priest’s name was Nike, a vampire called Almas, the strongest in history.
“The weather is nice.”
He looked up at the sun, with tanned skin completely different from that of a vampire.
“… … Are you okay?”
Vampires are weak against UV rays, but can survive for some time with their own powerful regeneration.
If it is an Almas class, it can last for about 4 hours on average, but its activity tends to drop.
“Haaaaa.”
Nike, whose brown skin had been burned, exhaled a hot fig, and the skin instantly regenerated.
‘He’s like a monster.’
Its regenerative ability, which was 10 times stronger than that of other Almas, was close to that of a rod.
“Just because you can endure it doesn’t mean it’s not painful.”
Nike, who tore her lips long, went into a biting state, and the gums near her fangs rose upward.
“There is no eternal life without pain.”
Biting the target is called biting, and suction and injection can be performed in that state.
Suction was the ability to suck blood, and injection was the ability to inject prions to subdue opponents.
“What is your mission this time? Hybrid hunting?”
One-tenth of the half-horses spread all over the world were captured by Nike and subjected to cruel experiments.
“The Jinma has arrived.”
Nike’s gaze turned to the old man for the first time.
“You said you would remove all the vampires’ weaknesses and take over this world. We are currently collecting blood to wake up the 2 Lords.”
“Right. What am I going to do?”
“Come to Jive. We will find you.”
After saying that, the old man’s face changed into that of a hideous bat, and it dug into the ground in an instant.
U 99
Nike looked at Jive’s location.
“Is it the promised land?”
When Lian arrives at the Security Headquarters, Benoff is waiting for him to die.
“What happened last night? Your complexion is not good.”
“The captain doesn’t look good either. You must have heard of the blood bank case, right?”
“Don’t talk. He cheated us like a gimmick in Xinjiang. Even the magistrate didn’t hear it.”
“I was at the scene.”
“You?”
Ryan confessed what had happened the night before.
“what? You met Hunter?”
“yes. There are people who can tell vampires apart. That’s why they were always faster than us.”
“Where are they?”
Lian shook her head.
“Well, they are those who engage in unauthorized activities. So what are you going to do? Are you going to join them too?”
“I am a stranger. I don’t want to get involved in the king’s affairs. And personally… …
It was an opportunity to find out Smille’s secret.
“You say that, but I can’t stop you. But let’s exchange information from time to time.”
Surprisingly, it was so pure.
“What are you thinking?”
“in fact… … I understand your feelings. Apparently, there is an inside spy in the royal castle.”
Benoff made a secret offer.
“Sooner or later, the royal castle will hire hunters from all over the world. You have to release the cat to catch the hiding mouse.”
“People I know will not participate. they… …
“No, it’s not like that. The Hunter you know, you said you could know the location of the vampire, right?”
Lian also caught on.
“As long as the conditions are right.”
“There is a job interview for Hunter in the capital. High-ranking officials will also come to observe. This is a great opportunity to uncover insider spies. If you help me with this task, I’ll leave the Hunter’s work behind.”
It was a good thing for both of them, and if it was Xenia that Rian knew, he would definitely agree.
“Let’s talk. Instead, you must make sure to protect yourself. I’m not going to come out of there myself.”
“know. I just need to know who the spy is. It’s a fact that only you and I know, so it won’t be revealed.”
After breaking up with Venoff, Lian arrived at Genocide’s hideout, paying attention to tailing.
When people who had fallen asleep in the morning woke up one by one, Lian summoned everyone.
“… … This offer came in.” Grain said, stroking his chin.
“Inside spy. Certainly, if there are vampires attached to the royal castle, things will be difficult.”
Passett said.
“It’s unpleasant to feel like they’re looking at us. Anyway, it has something to do with our work, right?”
Most of them seemed to agree, but in the end, the decision was left to Xenia, who was Silver.
“I don’t trust anyone.”
Colleagues who knew her character shut up.
“Shall I be honest? It made me feel bad that Ryan had spoken about our affair, so Cartain defended himself.
“They know about Hunter anyway. Silver Bondo. You just said we met.”
“I told you the Silver Bone was here!”
said Fowler.
“I didn’t say where. Xenia, that’s far-fetched. We also can’t find the vampire’s hideout, so we keep wandering. Wangseong openly said that he was hiring hunters. Maybe we can find a breakthrough through this incident.”
Xenia did not give up.
“I know, that’s a good offer for us. So this is my problem. It’s a matter of emotion.”
said Ryan.
“I apologize if I was offended. It’s not forcing. I’ll cut off contact with you if you want.”
“Don’t treat me like a child! I said good suggestion! Just, I… …
“Yes, that would be scary.”
Xenia is neither a human nor a vampire.
“what?”
“It’s scary to hold hands with people you don’t trust. But you don’t have to hold hands.”
“Heh, you speak easily. What if you try to use me? What if I become a human dog and fight in the future?”
“Then I cut myself.”
Everyone turned to Lian.
“Whether King Jive, Xinjiang, or the Police Corps, if you break your promise, I will fight in your place.”
Xenia couldn’t understand Lian.
“How can you say it so easily? are you human too You said you would kill a human for me?”
“It’s too late to think with a sword. You always have to think before that.”
It was Ryan’s philosophy.
“It’s not love or sacrifice that you can do with sharp metal. To take responsibility for all the deaths I have caused. I have already made that decision.”
“What are you… …
Living as a vampire hunter, Xenia must have also made countless deaths.
Those deaths that may have been ignored.
But Ryan said he would take responsibility.
“You said there was someone you really wanted to protect, right? What is that person doing? What would you do if you were a fugitive for the rest of your life? Will you still fight for me then?”
“Don’t make me say it twice.”
Haven’t you already made that decision?
“That is my belief.”
The feeling was so far-fetched that Xenia couldn’t find any reason to be stubborn.
“I don’t believe in humans.”
“Xenia.”
Just as Passett was about to step out, Xenia raised her head.
“But since you said you would take responsibility, I will help you this time. You must be by my side.”
“okay.”
Rian nodded, and Xenia turned around with a calm expression.
“hungry. Let’s eat.”
The corners of Grain’s mouth went up slightly.
‘You met a nice person, Xenia.’
Everyone has painful memories, but the pain she had to live as a half-horse was longer than others.
‘Rian might be able to take responsibility for her cursed life.’ No, it was only possible because it was Lian. The genocide team roamed the streets of Lodenin every night to find the vampire’s hideout.
A few Besica class vampires were captured, but even they had no information about the superiors.
“damn! Dodge like rats!”
In the medical room, Grain’s cruel experiment was conducted to find out everything about vampires.
“Kuaaa! I will kill you!” Xenia’s expression as she inhaled blood cues was indifferent, but her party noticed her.
‘Jenia too… …
I wondered if he had screamed like that.
“Neither can I.”
As if she hadn’t thought about that, Xenia stood up and said.
“I have no choice but to hold hands with humans.”
“Are you still thinking about it? Did you already decide to do it? Hunter interview is tomorrow.”
“There is a difference between being forced to do something and doing it voluntarily. Rihanna, are you sure you’re ready?”
Lian handed over the hood.
“I will wear this and go in. There will be no background checks, we just have to watch from the highest level.” It was the limit of Benoff’s authority, but since Lian was by his side, he had no choice but to believe.
Passett saw off.
“Have a safe trip. There’s no dispatch today, so you can eat something delicious when it’s over.”
“Do you think we are going to play?”
“Still, you two are alone. Have a good time.”
As if Xenia didn’t like Passett’s whisper, she turned around, putting off answering.
“Huh, anyway, it’s cute.”
On the way to the royal castle hunter interview, Lian asked Xenia wearing a hood.
” are you okay?”
“I think I can hold on. The sun is not strong today.”
Nevertheless, at the point where the attention of others disappeared, he took out the Blood Q and inhaled it.
“there is.”
I felt it from the moment I arrived at the royal castle.
“A vampire.”
“How many objects?”
Xenia rolled her eyes.
“Not that many. 3 to 4 people. But it’s all Almas. Are you okay? You wouldn’t be able to survive with a number like this.”
“Who says you can’t stand it?”
Although Lian did his best in all battles after entering Lodenin, he was still a human standard.
The essence is yaksha.
If the plan was to destroy the entire area, even the Al Mas class would be able to protect Xenia.
After a formal inspection by Venoff, the two men entered the Coliseum with their weapons in their possession.
The place where the guards were stationed was their seat, and the royal castle officials were sitting in the seats across from them.
“see?”
“Uh, two.”
Xenia inhaled the Blood Q again.
“Hey, young secretary. it’s a vampire And the old man sitting in the VIP seat. The author is also a vampire.”
I was naturally in the shade.
“His Highness is coming!”
Mayer, the King of Jive, stepped onto the podium.
Guard ‘Xinjiang’ took a position in the back with his legs together and his waist twisted 45 degrees.
‘All of them are strong.’ Mayer proclaimed.
“As the capital of the kingdom is infested with demons, it has come to the point of convening talented hunters from all over the country. I hope you will use your abilities to the fullest and contribute to the peace of Jive.”
The iron gate went up and 100 Hunters entered the center of the Colosseum.
Lian, who was watching their faces, heard heavy breathing and turned to Xenia.
“what’s the matter?”
The face hidden by the hood was engulfed in astonishment.
‘That guy.’
The person who caught her gaze was a priest with black hair that hung down to her shoulders with an impression resembling a falcon.
Two pieces of iron were rolled and hung over his shoulders, and a cross tattoo was tattooed under his chin.
“Nikee… …
Xenia’s teeth creaked.
He was the enemy who killed her parents and the one who drove her into the laboratory.

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-819.txt
=============YYYYY=============
the world they live in (3)
Meanwhile, the head of the Barque family and their only daughter, Irene, were also present at the seats with the officials.
“Irene, stop going back. This is a heavy matter. It’s not something you see at your age.”
Irene was stubborn.
“I know everything I know now. And they are the escorts to protect me, so it’s natural for me to see them.”
The hunters gathered today will be classified differently according to their skills and placed in the right place.
However, everyone knew that there was a high probability that talented people would become personal bodyguards for high-ranking officials.
‘Didn’t you come? stupid… …
The person Irene was looking for was Lian.
‘It’s an opportunity to put a snow stamp on our family. I was going to give you a special appointment whenever I came.’
I had a lot of swelling for no reason.
“what?”
I looked around with regret and found a familiar face on the guard side.
‘ there is!’
Lian was watching the interview from the top of the Coliseum.
“Mister, no, brother!”
As Irene waved her arms over her head, Xenia, who was next to Lian, shouted.
“You son of a bitch!”
Without even time to stop, she spurred down the stairs and jumped into the Colosseum.
‘I will kill you!’
The corpses of his parents torn into dozens of pieces by Nike’s whip were vivid in his mind.
‘Because of you, because of you… … !’ She was also taken to an unknown laboratory where she was subjected to terrible experiments that she could not bear to speak of.
“Yaaaa!”
The moment Xenia swung her Dark Blade at Nike, half of her vision flew away.
“what… … !”
Lian shouted as she came down the stairs.
“Xenia! Back off!”
Perhaps he didn’t realize it, but his left eye was ruptured by Nike’s whip.
‘Great reaction speed. He’s a strong guy.’ It was even more frightening that it was a day dominated by the sun.
“Lian!”
Venoff blocked the way.
“Did you find the spy?”
Rian looked in Xenia’s direction, but it was already hidden by numerous hunters.
‘Shit!’
Turning around, he took Venoff and ran to the place where the officials were.
“Two vampires. An aide in the shade and an old man sitting in a VIP seat.”
“Shobel.”
If the chief of the Jive intelligence department was a vampire, he would have been in the palm of his hand no matter what strategy he devised.
“I will arrest you. You are looking for a colleague.”
It was so promised.
“It’s impossible to do it alone. They are also Almas.”
As Lian’s words were true, Venoff helplessly shut up.
“It’s a vampire! Kill!”
On the Colosseum side, the Hunters were lined up in a circle around Nike.
‘It’s an old game. Show off your skills here… …
You will receive the king’s approval.
‘Wrong, idiots.’ Xenia, who regained her sanity after being baptized by Nike, gritted her teeth.
Being obsessed with resonance meant that he was not qualified as a vampire fire hunter.
‘Nothing can comfort us.’
Those who had nothing but anger toward vampires were rather calmly distancing themselves.
“Is it Nike?”
An old man with a goatee approached Jenia, who was restoring her eyes with Blood Q.
“A priest who handles twin iron blades. They say he’s the strongest Al Mas, but even if we all attack him, we won’t have a chance.”
“so… … to run away?”
“A vampire killed my mother when I was seven.”
The age of the old man seemed to be over sixty years old.
“Even at a young age, I felt this way. It wouldn’t take more than 30 minutes to kill a person.”
The old man’s eyes looked back at Xenia and were bloody and bloodshot.
“There can be no place to escape, right?”
In this terrible hell of a heart.
“It’s boring.”
As Nike brandished two whips at the same time, the air cried and the bodies of the hunters were torn to pieces.
“Now!”
The hunters, who made the advance party a scapegoat, rushed at Nike with anger.
“no!”
Nike is strong.
“Hey, are you Silverborn?”
The old man next to Xenia took out a medication container and smiled faintly.
“Live. please.”
Although he throws himself into a rage, someone must live and finish off the vampires.
“Mamaaaaaaa!”
With a piercing scream, the old man rushed with his eyelids open as if his eyes would fall out.
“Do not wish for mercy without pain.”
Two whips 3.8 meters long moved as if they were alive and scratched the hunters.
“Ouch!”
As if dozens of sawings had been applied at once, bones were torn and flesh splattered in all directions.
“I can’t do this.”
Xenia’s shoulders trembled.
“Is there such a difference?”
Even in the situation where drugs, firearms, and metal weapons were all mobilized, it was not even able to hurt Nike.
‘Fighting in the sunlight… …
In fact, with the hood off, Xenia felt as if she was breathing in fire with every breath.
“Haaa.”
Hot steam spewed out of Nike’s mouth as he turned and swung his whip.
“Oh God.”
Whenever this hot energy permeates his lungs, he gets the illusion that he is alive.
“Do not forgive me.”
If you can, of course.
“Kill! Kill the vampire!”
Before I knew it, the ground was covered with hundreds of torn pieces of flesh.
“Your Highness, you’d better avoid the seat.”
King Mayer didn’t move a single step while the ‘Xinjiang’ of Jive’s guards were guarding him.
There were too many eyes to run away because of just one vampire.
Even the high-ranking officials who knew about it kept their positions, but their insides were burning.
‘Damn it. stop going in Can’t we just leave the hunters fighting?’
The one who moved first would be a coward, and the political opponents would use this as an excuse to attack after death.
The officials snorted inwardly, noticing that the king’s expression had gone pale.
‘Hmm, you still have kidneys.’
Even if it wasn’t as much as Fungjang, he thought that if it was the level of the seven kings’ guards, he wouldn’t die.
“Civilians are seriously injured. Send the 3rd Army to subdue it.”
Perhaps realizing the officials’ notice, Mayer pointed to the Colosseum and gave instructions.
“But, Your Highness, if we disperse our forces… …
“These are the ones who came to help the kingdom. Allowing them to be slaughtered like this is also dishonoring my name.”
The head of the Guard, who could not disobey the king’s order, looked back at the 3rd Army and gave instructions.
“Get the vampire.”
When 20 men in ironclad landed on the Colosseum at the same time, the ground thumped.
“preparation!”
Slightly twisting the waist with the legs together, the hand holding the handle of the sword.
“capture!”
While those who had mastered the Baldo technique analyzed the battlefield, the commander of the 3rd Army shouted.
“rush!”
Leaning forward at the same angle, they disappeared from their seats at some point.
“attack!”
When the 4-step chain that ends any enemy with a single blow was completed, 20 flashes of light hit Nike in a vertical net.
“Big!”
As the shape of the whip disappeared, a loud roar of static electricity took its place.
I believed
“Uh-oh… … !”
The eyes of the officials watching from the Colosseum widened, and even King Mayer croaked.
“Isn’t that not enough with the kidneys?”
The 20 guards, whose armor was torn like paper, fell to the ground, separated into flesh and blood.
“Haaaaa.”
The battle went into a lull for a while, and Nike raised his head and emitted white smoke.
If his hand moved even an centimeter, the tip of the whip flapped like an eel.
“majesty! Avoid!”
The captain of the guard felt ashamed, but the top priority was to ensure the safety of the king.
“Mmm.”
Mayer stood up from his seat, unable to win, and the officials also quietly noticed and headed toward the exit.
Benoff shouted.
“Don’t move! There are vampires!”
While everyone stopped moving, Shovel, the head of the intelligence department, jumped up and shouted.
“Stop!”
An aide who jumped out of the shadows blocked Venoff’s way, but Lian’s blow knocked his head off.
‘Certainly he can’t use his strength during the day.’ A vampire named Nike was abnormal.
“Wow!”
When I turned my head at Irene’s scream, the head of the Barque family was caught in Shobel’s hand.
“dad! Let Dad go!”
“shut up! like a human… … !”
Shovel, released by the black smoke, flew towards Irene while holding on to the casket.
“die.”
Right before the shock wave was taken, the large straight sword pierced Shaw Bell’s heart and pushed forward.
“Gagging!”
As the smoke gathered around the sword, Shovel returned to his human form.
“Huh!”
Rian, who ran to the place where the sun was beating down, drove the straight sword into the ground with Chauvel’s body twisted.
“Kuaaa!”
When exposed to sunlight in a situation where strong regeneration was impossible, the skin began to burn rapidly.
“Let go! let me go!”
I scratched it with steel-like nails, but <Idea> was not even scratched.
“brother! Come this way!”
As the officials’ attention focused on Lian, who had dealt with the two Almas in an instant, Irene quickly preempted the conversation.
Lian turned to the Colosseum.
“Xenia.”
I saw her fighting while inhaling blood cues among countless hunters shedding tears of blood.
Even with his right ankle broken, it was dangerous to run while stamping the ground with his bones.
“Take your daughter and escape.”
The family head of Bark shook his head.
“No, you go with us. protect my daughter If it’s a case, I’ll do anything.”
The person who took Lian was the one with power.
“Brother ｝, will you protect our family? Yes?”
Lian looked back at the officials who were each paying attention to her with eyes full of anticipation.
“From what?”
“yes?”
now I get it.
‘What it means to be strong.’ What is truly strong.
‘They’re fighting now.’ anger.
“There is only one thing I must protect.” Anger in my heart.
“I haven’t lost anyone yet… …
Because I wasn’t born as a god.
“He is always angry.”
Only that anger paralyzes fear and makes humans fight higher.
“Big!”
In Lian’s heart after biting his molars, the resentment grew without knowing the end, as if blood was gushing backwards.
‘Yes, this was it.’
The source of emotions that could have destroyed Ymir was what he had been searching for while crossing the desert.
‘It doesn’t matter what it is now.’ I was not afraid of anything.
“Come on, come on.”
A few strands of Lian’s hair stood up and the top exploded.
‘It’s not a human body.’
Lian’s muscles, which he thought were perfect, were twisted like a pretzel and interlocked in a strange shape.
“Haaaaaa… …
Lian, who had metamorphosed into the body of a yaksha, the incarnation of anger, crushed the ground and twisted his upper body.
‘The law of the right.’
The regime stretched out towards Nike.
Divine Transcendence – Shim Kwon Mach.
Shobel, who was stuck in <Idea>, felt the shaking of the law and screamed in agony.
“damage!”
What unfolded in front of Nike when he turned his head was… … .
‘What’s this?’
It was a scene in which the landscape of the world was crumpling toward a single point and being pushed forward.
‘It can be avoided… … Will there be?’
The law of authority came faster than the most pessimistic predictions, and exploded Nike’s torso in a circle.
“Kuaaa!”
Hundreds of bats spread out in all directions from the broken body.
bang! bang bang! bang! bang!
Mach’s energy exploded the walls of the Colosseum and created an intangible tunnel as it moved away.

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-82.txt
=============YYYYY=============
[82] Wizard’s Battle (3)
Feeling alive, Ethella looked around. A shadow leaped from the darkness of the air at breakneck speed and hit her chin.
Please enable JavaScript
‘fist?’
Then dozens of shadow fists flew in. Ethella crouched down and covered his vitals with both arms. Even in the midst of the dull sound of blows echoing through the mountains, he did not budge as if he had been rooted.
‘Hoo? Can you survive this?’
Anyone else would have broken bones all over the body. However, Etella’s eyes through the guards were still clear.
“I admit my toughness, but let’s stop it.”
Shadow hands appeared from all sides and grabbed Etella in a groggy state. Her limbs stretched out as the power of darkness gripped her wrists and ankles. Her oversized glasses were cracked and tilted, and blood was dripping from her lips.
Arcane cast Poison Cutter. It was a triple mix magic that was much more difficult than fusion magic as it imparted toxicity to the rotating darkness.
Magic, sharp like a blade, rushed through the air. Sensing that it was an instant death technique, Etella cut off the shadow with all her might, then took a deep breath and let out a noise.
Aaaaaaaaaaa!
The high-frequency roar of the high-pitched roar as it slashed down the bush shattered the darkness of Arcane like smoke.
It was the shout of perm, a monk’s skill.
Karsis Jung, the ancestor of the Karsis Monastery, said early on that the awakening that awakens the human spirit comes with a roar. The roar of the wave was a roaring sound that broke the evil magic. It was the same reason that a human being who had sinned was startled by the sound of thunder.
Buried in the roar, Arcane shuddered. Her skin tingled and her hair stood on end. A woman in her mid-twenties could utter the shout of perm, which she had never seen before in her 130-year life.
‘Hehe, that’s why I can’t leave this floor.’
The best talent polishes one ability to the limit and wields a refined mind like a master sword.
What a fun thing.
Some will die, some will survive.
Isn’t magic developing through countless destruction, creation, and regeneration?
‘That’s it. It’s okay.’
Arcane recast Poison Cutter. Etella, who decided that it was now or had no chance, cut off the power of darkness that was holding her back and cast space movement. At the same time as the flash of light flew away, the poison cutter pierced the afterimage of light.
“Whew.”
Arcane blew a whistle. The stronger the human being, the greater the sense of humiliation when running away. However, his ability to retreat without hesitation was also important in battle.
Arcane headed to the place where Ethella was standing. She was dripping with blood as if she hadn’t completely avoided it. If she had been poisoned, she wouldn’t have gotten very far.
“The tomboy girl must be having a hard time waking up.”
Arcane, who met a strong enemy after 40 years, was happy. I saw a genius who had all the trinity, including Jonah’s Spirit Zone, martial arts that cut off the power of darkness, and the supreme spirit of a monk.
‘Did I say he was a certified 6th level wizard?’
It is clear that he has a high rank for his age. However, they are geniuses because they are not accepted by social standards. If she hadn’t been bound by her mission as a teacher or seeker, Etela’s current rank would have been much higher.
“Mirhi Alfeas. That kid gets respect?”
Arcane looked up with sad eyes. As her mind control was released, the trees straightened out, revealing a darkening sky.
“Aren’t you ashamed, Alfeas? To be respected by people who are superior to you. What a cruel reality this is.”
Lamenting the disciple’s incompetence, Arcane moved slowly. The darkness in the forest showed him the way he should go.
* * *
‘damn! Where the hell are you?’
THAAD became more and more anxious. Alpheas was not in the lodging that he was sure would be there. However, if the enemy did not capture it, there was only one place left.
“Master!”
I opened the door to the principal’s office and entered. But even here, Alpheas was nowhere to be seen.
Sade did not give up and looked at the books displayed on the bookshelf. I knew for a long time that Alpheas had a personal space here.
‘There must be an engine device. I can’t go through all the books.’
A book was caught in the fast-moving gaze. The title of the book inserted between the old-fashioned magic books was ‘Seeing the Darkness’. Sade, who knew his master’s past, was convinced that this was the path directly connected to Alfeas’ memories.
When the top of the book was pulled, the heavy mechanism rotated and the bookshelf split left and right. There was a tunnel cut through the wall and a set of stairs going down.
As Sade descended the stairs, the tilted book returned and the bookshelf closed. When the iron door was opened, a small room with a crystal lamp appeared. Numerous items were displayed on the old shelves, and it was quaint enough to believe that it was an antique shop.
A portrait of a woman hung on the wall. She wasn’t exceptionally beautiful, but she had a gentle and graceful impression.
‘That’s him… … .’
Sade stared at the portrait in a state of fascination. What Alpheas said was true. Her eyes seemed to have the power to attract people.
“Who are you?”
Saad stunned and turned around. Alfeas was sitting on a chair in the corner with his knee on his back. His face was contorted with anger and bewilderment, which was completely different from usual.
“Master! As expected, you are safe!”
“you… … I guess you know me.”
Sade, who was approaching, stopped. Hearing Alpheas’ words, he was able to guess the situation.
“You seem to have lost your memory.”
Like the other teachers, it was clear that Alpheas was under the spell of Arcane. However, he seemed to have taken action and fled here before completely losing his memory, befitting a certified 4th-class wizard.
Hearing Sade’s words, Alfeas approached the bronze mirror. And he looked at himself with a serious expression.
“hmm. Have you lost your memory? I thought I had suddenly come to the future again. Anyway, the face of an 18-year-old turned into an old man like this. That’s pretty annoying.”
Sade’s eyes widened. If he was 18, he would have been blocked for about 40 years. If Alfeas hadn’t been an extremely rational person, he might have already gone mad.
“Yeah, I lost my memory… … . I’m rather glad Didn’t you steal your life? Where are you anyway? What happened to me to lose my memory?”
“A wizard cast dark magic to harm Master. Master barely escaped.”
Talking to someone who has lost their memory would only increase their anxiety, but Alpheas didn’t care.
“okay? How old am I now?”
“Ah, sixty-three.”
“Sixty-three. Then what have I become?”
“yes?”
“I’m asking what kind of magical achievements you’ve achieved.”
“Ah, as a person of great character, he is currently serving as the principal of a magic school.”
Alpheas made an absurd expression. A genius called the light of the Mirhi family is teaching others. Considering his own personality, this could hardly have happened.
“So what, do you mean I became a teacher?”
“yes. Everyone follows and respects Master.”
“Puhahahaha! Fuhahahaha!”
Alpheas let out a mad laugh. At first, he was annoyed by his sudden aging, but he didn’t care after learning that he had lost his memory. Rather, he was thrilled at the thought of hearing about his achievements from now on.
“Looks like I’ve matured quite a bit too. be the principal Then, is this the royal palace? Has the prince inherited the throne?”
THAAD became anxious. No matter how rational Alpheas was, the gap that had transcended 40 years of time was not something that could be ignored.
“This is a private school. This is the Alpheas Magic School founded by Master himself.”
“Private?”
Alpheas’s expression crumpled. If it was Alpheas of genius thinking, at least the royal family should have been teaching. But is it private? What the hell happened in 40 years of life?
“… … What level am I?”
“yes? Oh, that’s over there… … .”
THAAD hesitated. Numerous records prove how great Alpheas was in his youth. In such a yard, I did not have the courage to honestly inform the reality.
“Tell me quickly! How many classes! Did I say my age is sixty-three? If so, is it level 1? Or second grade?”
Sade said, lowering his head like a man guilty of a mortal sin.
“Level 4… … .”
Alpheas stumbled. The shock was too great for his aging body to handle. However, he could not control his burning anger and ran rampant on his way.
“What the hell have you done! dumbass! Poor child!”
Alpheas hit his head and blamed himself. He was a god-given talent, and if he had given 40 years, he should have been at least second class. But he’s not even 3rd grade, he’s 4th grade.
What the hell happened? How stupid have I been living to get to this point?
You need to know the past. everything from one to ten. Alfeas, who made up his mind, glared at Sade and said.
“Can you solve dark magic? You said you were my disciple, so you must have mastered photon magic, right?”
“yes. I don’t know how long it will take, but with Master’s help, it will be possible. but… … .”
Sade suddenly realized.
Maybe this is not a curse but a blessing?
Because of a mistake he made when he was young, Alpheas has lived with guilt for 40 years. If losing his memory could clear up his past, his lifelong regrets would disappear.
“Master, do you really need to retrieve your memory?”
“what? What are you talking about? It’s my memory, so of course I have to get it back. Something went wrong. If you fix that, you can enter a higher realm even now.”
“Master. You may not understand the current situation. The light of the Mirhi family, which was said to be a gift from God, is only in the official 4th grade principal position. But that’s why I want to dry it even more. Master made a big mistake. And he lived with bitterness for forty years. Now is the time to be free. Maybe this is a divine indulgence?”
Although Alfeas has returned to the age of 18, he knows how painful life can be from the wounds of the past. Also, if it really happened, it was one way to admit it and live like this.
Alpheas, who was lost in thought while wandering around the room, suddenly found a portrait hanging on the wall and asked.
“Who is that woman? Isn’t this my room?”
“Master’s room is correct.”
“okay? Did I hang that picture? She’s not even a beauty, why are her eyes so blurry? She is like a woman who is missing something.”
Sade was emotionally charged. Since she knew what kind of person Alfeas was, she couldn’t control her sadness.
‘Master, you can’t say that. That one… … .’
Alpheas looked away from the painting with an annoyed face. It was this and that, and there was nothing that made sense.
“I will bring back my memory. The future is too out of line with my plans. I need to know what happened.”
“Master, please reconsider. What is life… … .”
“Hey, you.”
Alpheas raised his arrogant eyes and cut Sade off. Sade realized that there was no lie in what the teacher said. That figure was the young Alfeas.
“Did you say you were my disciple?”
“That’s right. It is an undeserved honor for me, and I am always grateful.”
“Then, it’s an excommunication from today.”
“yes?”
Alpheas was sincere. It is the Alfeas of the world. It was the crystallization of intelligence that did not blink an eye even after losing 40 years of memory.
“What’s the point of recovering memories that have passed away? I don’t need a pathetic disciple like you.”
—————————————

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-820.txt
=============YYYYY=============
the world they live in (4)
“… … Is it magic?”
As Mayer muttered with a blank expression, the guards commander shook his head slowly.
“It’s different, Your Highness. It borrows the power of the mind, but it is a power based on physical skills.”
It was called divine transcendence.
“flesh? How can a human being be capable of such destructive power? You have never shown it to me either.”
The answer was simple.
“Because I can’t either.” Mayer’s gaze turned to Lian.
‘I’ve heard that you’re the best among newcomers, but were your skills beyond your height?’
He was the talent the Jive Kingdom needed.
“I want to be alone. tell me.”
The captain of the guards looked perplexed.
‘If he was someone who could be obtained with money, fame, or power, he wouldn’t be here anymore.’
It was a swordsman that even the emperor of the empire did not have.
“Kurrrrr!” Hundreds of bats making animal noises regrouped and changed into the shape of Nike.
‘It was almost destroyed.’
If it wasn’t for the bat mimicry, the torso would have been scattered rather than pierced.
“This must be the luckiest thing in your life.”
Retracting the whip, Nike stepped back towards the wall, and Xenia took a step forward.
“Where are you going to run away!”
Hunters blocked her.
“calm down. If you leave like this, I will be grateful.”
“Move! That guy is my parents…
“know. But soon darkness comes. Didn’t you fight for a day or two too?”
I couldn’t refute Hunter’s words.
“damn!”
Even while the hunters were nervous, Nike’s eyes were only focused on Lian.
‘The Jinma deserves a special word.’
The order was to infiltrate the castle, kill the hunters, and assassinate King Mayer.
‘And if possible… … Orders to capture Mach’s knight alive.
‘If possible?’
Nike, whose face was contorted with anger that had nothing to do with it, pointed at Lian.
“We will meet again.”
As Nike disappeared, Lian pulled out a great straight sword from Chauvel’s body, which had already dried up and turned to ashes.
“With this, the inside spy has been eliminated. There will be no leaks of the operation in the future.”
After saying that, he turned around and Venoff hurriedly followed him.
“for a moment. Are you just going?”
“There is nothing good about staying here. From now on, I will act alone.”
The law wouldn’t admit it, but now that the yaksha’s ability has been confirmed, no one has been able to refute it.
“Wait a minute.”
The guards commander spoke so that everyone could hear.
“I would like to make a suggestion. How about carrying out an integrated operation between the Hunters and the Kingdom Security Forces in the future?”
Directly managed by the guards, it was a strategy to block officials’ access in advance.
“Operation Combined?”
The Hunters were agitated.
Of course, it is obvious that this is a strategy to capture Lian, but it becomes much easier if you receive the protection of the kingdom.
One of the Hunters shouted.
“If it’s an integrated operation, what kind of support can you provide?”
The captain of the guard, who had already obtained the king’s consent, continued as if there was nothing harsh about it.
“Anything that drives away vampires. We will also provide guns, ammunition, weapons, drugs, and operational troops.”
Xenia frowned.
“However, there are conditions.”
As she expected, the guards commander walked straight up to Lian and held out his hand.
“Knight of Maha. Assuming that you are with us in this operation, we promise all support.”
It was part of the acquisition phase.
“I hate complicated things. I’m thinking of chasing the vampire alone. It will help the kingdom.”
The captain of the guards couldn’t let Lian go.
“If that happens, support will be in vain. Do you know what vampire skills are? You mean it doesn’t matter if they die?”
“Dog death’?”
Lian laughed.
“Do you consider yourself cool?
peel?”
The guards commander did not answer.
“If you can stand it, you’re not really angry. Please don’t judge them by ordinary standards.”
Hunters’ eyes were full of strength.
Sensing their gaze, the guards commander realized his mistake, but he could not back down.
“You make the captain of the seven kings’ guards laugh too much. I can forcefully tie you down.”
“I’m stupid and don’t know how to go back.”
Rian said as he put the jigsaw in his back.
all.
“So we have no choice but to move forward.”
If he wanted to block the road, it meant that Kashan’s terminal line could cross the desert and lead to Jive.
“I was wrong.”
Hunters began to change their minds.
“We do not fight with weapons and numbers. Even when I had nothing, I fought them.”
“that’s right. You can’t work with people who put conditions on you. That’s not what I need.”
Hunters shouted in unison.
“I will follow you. guide us.”
With this, the decision was made, and Ri An lightly bowed and went down the stairs.
“I understand your meaning.”
King Mayer said.
“I made you an unreasonable offer. They do not officially approve of Hunter’s activities. So, this time, why don’t you put yourself in the Hunter’s shoes and support the castle?”
Even from Jive’s point of view, vampires were a tribe that had to be driven out as soon as possible.
“I heard that you need a special weapon to deal with vampires. make a deal. If you pass on the know-how, we will mass-produce it with the financial power of the royal family.”
This time, even Lian couldn’t find an excuse to refuse.
‘Xenia.’
The only thing blocking my thoughts was the promise I made with her before coming here.
Xenia, who met Lian’s eyes, pursed her lips.
“The team name will be Genocide.”
Lian smiled and turned to Benoff.
“First, I will take the hunters to the hideout. We will contact you through the chief of the peace department regarding the agenda that came out of the meeting.”
“okay. I’ll be waiting for you.”
At least, it was good that Venoff, who had a close relationship with Lian, was in charge of the royal castle.
The hunters who arrived at Genocide’s hideout were amazed by the cutting-edge technology.
“Hoo/? Did you modify it like this?”
said Fowler, loading the heavy gun with two barrels on the left and right.
“Mega Gun Z-88. gas-filled. Ergonomic design. There is nothing better than getting an erection on vampire flesh.” Since there was no need to worry about supplies anymore, Fowler set up the target himself and showed the line.
“I’m going to beat you up!”
Although the accuracy is low due to the large vibration, the speed of shooting twelve silver bullets per second was powerful.
“Okay, and this is the Santa Clause… … By the time I excitedly introduced the firepower, other hunters were also listening to explanations of their majors.
A hunter who confirmed the anti-cell of the drug machine said that it was a technology ahead of 10 years.
There were only 3 hunters who dealt with metal tools.
Xenia said.
“You can get Obscura B from the capital, but you don’t need to change your weapon.”
For those who handle metal tools, the user’s own physical ability was more important than the weapon.
“I have no intention of changing the weapon I am accustomed to. It’s enough to make a spare in case of damage. Rather, let’s focus on setting up a strategy.”
Regardless of the country, most of the leaders of the Hunter organization were majors in metal work.
said the ax wielder.
“I don’t understand. That you couldn’t track Lord’s location even though the Silver Bone was there.”
“I don’t know. I searched all over the city of Lodenin, but I couldn’t find the wavelength that I felt as a rod.”
The window handler said.
“Did you say a radius of 2 kilometers? If so, there is only one answer. Hiding outside the radius.”
Ryan asked.
“Is that possible?”
“underground. Even Xenia would be unable to search if it were two kilometers deep underground.”
“aha.”
“So far, relying only on Silver Bone’s ability has been a blind spot. So… … There is a method I usually use.”
When Xenia turned around, the person who handled the spear said with a tear in his mouth as if he was having fun.
“Mongrel hunting.”
Even after midnight, the sounds of loud musical instruments were leaking from inside the clubhouse.
Genocide 1, 8 hunters including Rian and Xenia arrived in front of him.
‘Club House, Blood Night.’ Just by looking at the name, it was safe to say that it was a vampire’s den, but places like this were common in Lodenin.
“You mean there are hybrids here?”
“The fact that there are pure blood means that there are hybrids. After several days of research, this place is the most likely.”
said Cartain, checking the syringe.
“It is definitely a weak point. Even the Silver Bone can’t capture the position of the half horse. But is there a connection with pure blood?”
“There must be something going on in the city. If it has anything to do with Lord, it’s too much to do with only purebloods.”
The person handling the spear was confident.
“Hybrids, unlike purebloods, have the ability to reproduce. So playing is also decadent. You better be prepared.”
If you listen closely, you can hear the moaning of many people mixed with the sound of the music.
“Since they do not die and can reproduce, there is no such thing as taboo. Hybrids are some kind of venereal disease.”
Fowler scolded.
“Like, keep mongrel, mongrel.”
The reason why Genocide uses the title of half-horse is that Xenia is not pure blood either.
“Oh, sorry. i made a mistake……
The person handling the spear hastily apologized, but Xenia shook her head and walked towards the clubhouse.
“doesn’t care.”
Even if you are a mongrel.
“Because hating myself was my only consolation when I didn’t have the strength to kill a vampire.”
That’s what true anger is.
“Right. I will do it differently in the future though.”
Feeling solemn at Xenia’s words, the Hunters glared at the door, cracking down on their weapons.
“Shall we begin?”
When Lian opened the door, the thumping drum sound came out as if escaping.
Arriving at the vampire’s lair, Nike entered the main office under the gaze of Almas.
“Did you call, great gin horse.”
Faust, the yaksha of the Hundred Ghosts, ranked third in the Order of the Ten Commandments, was reading a book while walking around the wide hall.
“Have you recovered?”
Nike lowered his head as if to apologize.
“Enough to kill someone.”
“okay? Even if it’s a knight of Macha?” Life soared in Nike’s eyes.
He was hit hard by the law of the right and barely recovered his strength after 4 days.
“The darkness you gave me has no enemies.”
“You will have to prepare for extinction.”
As the energy of the jinma came out, countless Almas hanging upside down from the ceiling trembled.
“Sooner or later, the three Lords will gather together. Then the world is ours. but… …
the only obstacle.
“Assuming that there is no bloodline in Ogent,
stand.”
“I don’t understand, my lord. No matter how strong he is, he is nothing compared to the current Lord.”
Of course, including himself in the dark.
“Don’t judge people. When you are weak, you look infinitely weak, but when you are strong, you know no limits and become strong.”
“I’m sorry, but I’ve yet to see a human who transcends the power of a vampire.”
“I am.”
10,000 years ago in the past.
“Before I realized the incarnation… … The time when a bat hanging upside down in a heavenly cave was indifferently appreciating the world of light.
“One human fought the king of giants.”

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-821.txt
=============YYYYY=============
Smille, Smille(1)
Club House, Blood Night.
As I sprinted through the door, I could smell the heat of orgies and bai ting.
Most seemed bisexual.
“It is terrible.”
Inside the cages, men with bald heads and makeup were putting on a show wearing clothes made of leather straps.
Hunters paid attention to the red-colored alcohol on the table of the guests.
“Blood.”
Ryan asked.
“How can you be sure?”
Xenia swallowed her saliva instead of answering.
“… … Right.”
“Welcome, Hunters.”
The club’s host, Eblon, greeted them at the bar.
He was black, had half of his head shaved, and had two piercings on his lower lip.
Catene approached.
“You seem to have lost your mind. You know who we are and yet we are holding a festival like this?”
“What’s wrong with you? selling blood? Or are we drinking blood?”
“Of course you are.”
Fowler, with his Mega Gun loaded, thrust two barrels into her face.
“Ask one of them. I’ll give you a cool grind.”
“now! Don’t get excited.”
Eblon turned around with the gun in front of him, prepared a c*cktail and placed it in front of Fowler.
“We are just bastards and bastards who get hit by purebloods. To be honest, mongrels have a hard time getting blood. If you kill one wrong person, you will be a fugitive for the rest of your life.”
Ryan asked.
“Then where do you get your blood?”
“Of course, I live with money. If you go to the ghetto, you can get it for 10 silver per liter. It may be bad food for a pureblood.”
“I am looking for a hideout for purebloods. If you provide the information, I’ll step back gracefully.”
“I heard rumors, Nike came to this city.”
Fowler aimed the Mega Gun again.
“Shut up and answer any questions I ask! If you don’t want them to know that we’re scarier than that bastard.”
Feeling sincere, Eblon raised his hands.
“calm down. What I mean is that we risk our lives too. Hunters, you know better that if you get caught by Nike, you won’t die, right?”
“Are you going to make a deal?”
“No, it’s kind of a game.”
Eblon lowered his hand.
“We don’t even know where the Pureblood hideout is. The hierarchical system of information, you know? But I can make contact with Umbrella Man.”
“The Umbrella Man?”
“He’s a pure-blooded man who takes care of miscellaneous jobs. I call it that because I always carry an umbrella.”
“How can I meet him?”
“It is you.”
Eblon pointed at Lian.
“The corpse of the knight of Mach.”
Fowler’s Megagun spewed fire, and Eblon, hit by a silver bullet, flew to the ledge.
A bottle of wine spilled over and over, and she screamed in agony, exposing her fangs.
“Keeeh!”
“Where is the repair work?”
Only then did the half horses in the club stop playing and turn towards the Genocide team.
“Ouch! Whoops!”
It didn’t have the dignity of pure blood, but the black pupils and bloody fangs were definitely demons.
“stop.”
Eblon said, clutching at the wound.
“We cannot win.”
Even though it was daytime, he was the culprit of the incident that made Nike run away with a single blow.
Fowler climbed onto the ledge and aimed the Mega Gun.
“Tell me straight. Umbrella Man, where are you?”
I didn’t think I could easily get the truth from them, so I left the party alone.
“I don’t know either. I’ve only heard rumors that you’re looking for Macha’s knights. If you want to get what you want… …
Landing on both legs with a thump, Fowler swung the butt and turned Eblon’s jaw.
The blood was spattered in a straight line on the low shelf.
“I ask you one last time. Where are you?”
“Kick! Kick kick kick!”
Eblon shook his shoulders.
“You can’t take out your anger on me after being dumped by a woman.”
“What is it?”
Ever since Xenia became conscious of Lian, Fowler has definitely had a hangover.
“Don’t make excuses, just hit it. It’s a good target for resentment, isn’t it? After all, humans are no different from us.”
Katein opened the medicine cabinet.
“Right, nothing different.”
Eblon’s face turned pale as the specially formulated drug rose through the syringe.
Drugs were scary.
“Did you guys really think we were sane people? The reason I fight is not for the sake of humans, nor because I am a human. I just hate you guys.”
“you you… …
“Xenia, I’m out.”
It must have been a horrific task that reminded her of the experiment she had been subjected to, so Cartein was considerate.
“No, I will.”
However, Xenia held out her hand instead.
“Are you okay?”
Eblon coughed up blood and shouted.
“Bad bitch! You are a mongrel too! Are you trying to torture your own people by siding with the humans?”
“If what you know was in my head… …
Xenia picked up the syringe.
“It must have stabbed me.”
Feeling appalled, Eblon held out his hand.
“okay. I’ll tell you. I’ll tell you everything I know… …
“no.”
A syringe was lodged in the collarbone.
“I hate it.”
At the same time as the drug permeated, Eblon’s eyes widened as if they were about to pop out.
“Kiaaaaa!”
Screams made of 100% pure pain embroidered the clubhouse.
Thirty minutes, which seemed like an eternity, had passed.
As Eblon, who had been crawling everywhere, spread out, the half-horses looked frightened.
“Haha. Mandible.”
“how is it? Isn’t it thrilling?”
Katane pulled out a new syringe.
“Certainly, vampires are comfortable. You don’t have to worry about dying. This medicine is my specialty… …
“Please, stop now.”
Xenia stepped out.
“Where is the Pureblood Hideout?”
“I really don’t know. I’ve only heard that it’s the mansion of a certain rich man. If I had known, I would have said this the moment I got hit.”
It was clearly unbearable pain.
“Who is Umbrella Man?”
“I feel like I am in the Royal Cemetery. An order has been given to the city’s vampires. If you find Macha’s article, send me a letter.”
“So, did you send it?”
Eblon’s lips trembled, and it was as if he had heard the answer.
“Damn it!”
Fowler shouted, kicking Eblon in the face.
“Retreat quickly! Pure blood is coming!” Suddenly, the front door exploded and a man in a fedora came inside, dragging a whip.
“Nike??????
To the half-horse, he was more feared than a god.
“Rian.”
The person Nike called was Lian, but Eblon, who was frightened, lowered his head.
“I held out! Please have mercy… … !” Before she could finish her words, a whip flew and blew the top of her face.
“Kiaaaaa!”
Amidst the frightened half-horses rampaging, Lian grabbed the big sword and moved on.
“I will take over. Go to the cemetery.”
“but… …
“hurry!”
No matter who was there, only corpses increased.
“I will repay the shame of that time.”
As Nike swung his whip, his eyes radiating light, the flesh of the half-horses flew into the air.
If it was their sin, it was that they simply interfered with the trajectory of the whip that was aimed at Lian.
“Yaaaa!”
As the power of divine transcendence split space, Nike’s body rotated rapidly.
‘Did you avoid it?’
Nike’s body was almost like a black whirlpool.
“It is the same for me to twist the law.”
The whip was wrapped around the large straight sword, then unwound with terrifying speed, scratching the surface.
“Big!”
It could be said to be Nike’s unique ‘sword blade’, but <idea> is not broken.
‘That’s strange.’
Lian’s wrists holding the handle twisted in the same direction, but Nike’s expression was not good.
‘Does it never break?’
Just because it was thought to be much harder than steel, the current result was shocking.
Lian, who was holding the sword with his wrist turned, quickly regenerated his body and returned to his posture.
‘strong.’
said Nike.
“You look surprised.”
In a quiet club where all but the dead escaped out the back door, Nike let down his whip.
“Of course you will. Because my physical ability is 28 times that of an ordinary Almas.”
A pure-blooded Laika, who was Radum’s sub-species minister, could be said to be ordinary.
’28 times… …
It had a completely different meaning from having 28 Almas, and it was a position far beyond the specific point of a creature.
“Looks like you’re using incarnation.”
Nike still couldn’t forget Lian’s blow at the Colosseum.
“How far have you been?”
It was an unexpected question for an outsider, but Lian could understand Nike’s words.
“you?”
“I don’t know.”
Because no one has reached the final destination.
“Those who die here will know.”
It was the way of the sword to know the point at the moment of death after fighting endlessly.
Nike was talkative in anger, but his eyes calmed down before he knew it.
‘It’s real from now on.’
A world of swords that needs no words.
As Nike’s hands moved quickly and the whip disappeared, the outer wall of the clubhouse splintered.
A building was completely blown away, but Lian did not waver and drew out his inner rage.
‘Yasha!’
As the muscles throughout my body twisted, I felt explosive energy that seemed like I could do anything.
“Big!”
“come.”
In the middle of the city, those who claim to be the pinnacle of life collided head-on.
Xenia turned her head away startled.
“Rian… …
At the place where they left, there was a terrifying roar and a cloud of dust rose.
Fowler put Xenia on the shoulder.
“don’t worry. In terms of skill alone, it’s a monster. Nothing changes when we look back.”
Upon arriving at the Royal Cemetery, pure-blooded vampires were already waiting.
“It’s the Besica class.”
The hunters also raised tension by touching their weapons with a distinctly different energy from the hybrids.
There was no conversation between them, and the Vampires first released into smoke and surrounded them.
“Goes!”
Beginning with Fowler’s Mega Gun throwing sparks, Hunters began to fire in all directions.
Scattered.
Cut the heart first.
“Yaaaa!”
The sword should have cut through Nike.
Whoops!
The law of the sword was activated in the direction the sword struck the ground, knocking down buildings.
“Keugh!”
However, Nike avoided this time as well, and Shimta undoubtedly shocked Lian’s heart.
“Is it a skill of the mind?”
As Nike spun upside down on Lian’s head, the whips gathered.
“how is it? Isn’t life easy?” Inevitably, her whip whipped around and ripped through Lian’s flesh.
“Aaaaaaa!”
Lian, whose flesh had lost more than 40% of his body, knelt down, exposing his skeleton.
“Would you like to know how far we’ve been?” Nike landed lightly and whipped her whip.
“You are there.”
“Turn it off… …
It was the first time he had experienced Simta so often since fighting Ymir’s molars.
– Smille, Smille.
Without a doubt, hallucinations were heard and the flesh began to regenerate in the area where it had been cut off.
“You look like a vampire.”
Nike looked down at it.
“Isn’t it the body of a creature deprived of mercy that cannot die even at the moment it wants to die?”
– Smille, Smille.
‘yet… … I can still fight.’ As Lian gritted his teeth and stared straight ahead, the regeneration of his body suddenly stopped.
‘what?’
The moment I thought, maybe this is really the end, I heard an auditory voice.
– Smille. If the heart is cut first, it does not necessarily mean that it is cut.
It wasn’t a voice for Lian.
– The word “must” in this world is useless. Because while I’m moving, other things are moving too.
For the first time a woman’s voice interrupted.
– Then what is the absolute? Oppa always wants the absolute.
-My heart. belief. The heart that was cut first turns into the belief that it will surely be cut… … .
Lian’s eyes widened.
-The moment that belief becomes absolute, the movement of my sword matches the movement of the world.
become separate
the hallucination said.
-That’s me, Ogent.

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-822.txt
=============YYYYY=============
Smille, Smille (2)
Royal Cemetery.
Numerous screams were being born in the haven of those who kept their mouths shut.
Lights were turned on one by one in the house, but no one was able to come out.
“rush! rush!”
Xenia urged her to move on.
‘It’s not far away.’
A wave so intense that all of his hair stood on end was attracting Silver Bone’s instincts.
“Aww! You motherF*ckers!”
Every time Fowler swung the Mega Gun in all directions, he stood up from the smoke that clumped like a cloud! A popping sound was heard.
“die! human!”
Although Bessika, the lowest rank among purebloods, had a different level of strength than hybrids.
“Power Pack!”
When the efficacy of the medicine decreased, Catein prepared an instant medicine and put it on the necks of the hunters.
My head was spinning, and after a while I felt that the world had slowed down more than before.
“Goes!”
With the pain reduced by half, the hunters equipped with metal tools swung their weapons and opened the way.
After a bloody bloody battle, when we arrived at the tomb where the great men were buried, we saw the blood-sucked corpses of the guards.
‘suction.’
Just sucking blood doesn’t turn into snake fire.
“We need more blood.”
An old man with an umbrella stood on the tombstone.
“You guys should be enough.”
“I know you will be safe even if you do this.
ah? You killed the custodians of the Royal Cemetery.”
No matter how strong the vampires are, humans are a race that rules the world by borrowing the power of the sun.
Xenia was rather uneasy because there had never been anything so far-fetched.
“Do you know the misery of the people who lost their king?”
“What are you talking about?”
“Today will be the end of the humiliation of the world being stolen by you weaklings hiding in the dark.”
All of Xenia’s hair stood on end.
‘What, what?’
Tremendous speculation was emanating from one of the tombstones behind Umbrella Man.
” road??????
The corpses whose blood had been sucked out, the blood bank, finally came into contact.
Umbrella Man raised the corner of his mouth.
“Today our King is resurrected.”
“Run away!”
Seeing the tomb shake, Xenia shouted, but it was already too late.
“Aaaaaaa!” As Fowler fires the Mega Gun, Umbrella Man soars rapidly into the sky.
“I-what is that?”
Black smoke billowed from the cracks in the tomb to a height of several tens of meters, as if gas was erupting.
“Two minutes with this.”
It was the point at which two of the three Lords were resurrected.
“Knock-knock! Knock-knock!”
The sound of a woman’s laughter that would tear your eardrums just from hearing it echoed, and then smoke gathered.
As the meteor fell to the ground, the ground shook like waves, and finally a beautiful woman’s naked body settled there. Umbrella Man landed beside her and brought her to her knees.
“Meet the ruler of blood, Agnes.”
Hibernation, the ability to shake off moisture from the body and stop physical activity, is an ability only available to Rod.
And in order to wake up from the hibernation, the blood of 300 people was needed.
“It’s a load… …
It was a powerful aura that no other creature could feel, not even from Nike or Lian.
It’s just such a law.
The identity of the Lord inherited from Jinma has been located at the top of the biological pyramid since birth.
“Damn it… …
Threads popped in Fowler’s eyes, and tendons came up in Katane’s temples.
It was like a rabbit facing a lion, but the rabbit had lost its fear in anger.
“I will kill you!”
Their hearts, which could not be comforted by anything, finally found a breakthrough.
Glaring at the hunters charging from the front, Agnes stuck out a white finger.
“Blood Control.”
As she awoke from hibernation, all the blood that was left of her rose to her feet and formed a huge orb above her head.
The blood cooled by the pressure turned into a sword and held it in her hand.
“It’s been 2,000 years.”
Her body, which protruded toward the hunters, passed them and landed in the distance.
“Gagging!”
The bloody sword evaporated at terrifying speed, leaving scars on the Hunters’ bodies.
“Blood Control.”
As she crossed her hands to activate her powers, blood gushed out of their bodies like a fountain.
“hurry! sooner!”
Hearing the sound of a series of explosions in the city center, Venoff led the vampire special task force and ran the wagon.
“Damn it… …
When I arrived, all the buildings collapsed as if a typhoon had passed.
Wow!
Venoff turned his head at the explosion from afar.
“I-that… …
Two long shadows were colliding with each other freely in the air and on the ground.
“Big!”
Lian’s body, which penetrated Nike’s whip, was in a tattered state like a rag.
Lian swung his mind sword in the midst of a high-speed battle where he couldn’t even pay attention to cover.
‘Be sure to cut!’
The moment the sword was struck with the limit of faith, Nike’s shoulder was sharply cut.
‘Incarnation doesn’t work.’
As long as <Idea> cannot be destroyed, the body of a half-married half-married person is nothing more than material.
‘But he doesn’t die.’
Nike, who instantly restored his body with powerful regeneration, collided head-on with Lian.
“Kiaaaaa!”
Slashed, torn, standing at the point where flesh soars into the sky and blood pours down like rain.
‘How far can I go?’
Lian suddenly wondered how far a living thing could be destroyed.
At that moment, the body was torn to pieces.
“Yaaah!”
divine transcendence.
Even at that moment, <Idea> moved and Nike’s body also disintegrated into dozens of pieces.
As soon as I got to this point.
Benoff heard an auditory hallucination.
The two afterimages, which could have been seen from watching the game hundreds of meters away, exploded like fireworks at the same time as the collision.
“Damn, boss. that… …
How can a person explode like that?
“What are you doing! Get off quickly!”
Even Venoff was in awe, but he needed someone to vent his feelings on.
“Rian… …
Maybe it’s Ryan.
“Huh.”
The bodies of Lian and Nike, which had been disassembled into pieces, were randomly tangled in one place.
With the bridge of the nose amputated, Lian turned her gaze to Nike.
In the sky, <Idea> who had lost his sword dance was still dancing.
Nike, who was left with only his neck, raised his pupils upwards in the direction of looking at the sky.
“You won.” It was a long time ago that Nike, a creature of God and a heretic hunter, questioned the nature of creatures.
“You went farther.”
Nike’s body condensed into black smoke, and a bat struggled to move.
“you… …
Lian’s severed hand caught Nike’s face.
Even under the pressure that pricked his eyes, Nike delivered his words with a fishy smile.
“From the moment we forsake God, we have no mercy.”
It was all about endless pain.
“Only those who reach the end can kill a god
there is.” – Smille, Smille.
Amidst another infernal hallucination, the bat plunged its fangs into Lian’s neck.
“Big!”
As the prion permeated through the injection, Lian’s half-recovered body wriggled like crazy.
“… … go ahead.”
As the bat dissipated, Nike’s body turned to black ash and spread across the floor.
“Rian! Ryan!”
Benoff arrived at the scene of the incident.
I stopped walking 10 meters ahead.
“Lee, Lian?”
Rian, who stooped to his feet, turned his face while regenerating his last remaining right hand.
It was like a beast with a face that only had a sick face and a lot of teeth biting.
“Wake!”
“Big!”
As the inexplicable pain consumed his body, Nike’s memories flooded in.
“damn! Wait everyone!”
Thinking that he could become a vampire as it is, Venoff pulled out his longsword and watched the situation.
-me. I am beyond the body.
Smille’s hallucinations were heard.
-How far can you go?
“Huhhh…
Between Lian’s teeth, steam from burning cells leaked out for a long time.
-to the end. Only when I destroyed the tiniest piece of me… … . burn, regenerate, burn again.
In the process of driving out Nike’s prions, Lian exceeded the limit at which living things could collapse.
-That’s the real me. ogent.
“Aaaaaaa!”
When Lian spread his upper body wide and let out a roar, powerful wind pressure blew the soldiers away.
“damn! What is it!” Divine Transcendence-idea.
-Smiele eh eh eh!
As the cells of his whole body twisted into the shape of a yaksha, information from the distant past rushed into Lian’s head.
“Smille.”
As the information mixed with Nike’s remaining memories, Lian’s head jerked.
“We have to save Smille.”
The moment he kicked off the ground and rushed, numerous buildings in front of him collapsed.
“What the hell is this?”
Venoff, who had been blown away by the wind, stroked his head and looked around where Lian had disappeared.
The mansion of rich man Miguel.
Miguel, one of the most successful aristocrats in Lodenin, was a vampire of the Besica class.
“Are you here, Lord?”
Agnes arrived at the mansion accompanied by Umbrella Man and dropped the pale hunters to the ground.
“What about the resurrection of Kanoa?”
“The blood is about two-thirds filled, but it is still not enough. You will wake up from hibernation around midnight tomorrow.”
“You, you child… …
Xenia, the only one who was conscious, raised her head, but it was difficult to control herself due to the lack of blood.
Agnes glared at him coldly, then turned to the basement and gave instructions.
“Bring it. He needs the Silver Bone.”
Vampires of the Besica class picked up the Hunters one by one and boarded the elevator.
A huge hideout of vampires was built at a whopping 3 kilometers underground.
“You’re awake, Agnes.”
Another Lord Benedict greeted her.
“What about Jinma?”
It was extremely unpleasant to be interrupted in hibernation, but it was a different story if the person giving the order was Jinma.
“He is waiting for you.”
In the deepest part, Faust, a real horse, was waiting at the place where 8 huge glass spheres were installed.
Anyone who has been to heaven would intuit the alcohol of the anecdote, but Xenia was simply terrible.
“Kill! I mean kill!”
I’d rather die than be a log in the lab.
“calm down. Because you are not the protagonist of this experiment.”
While Besica put the hunters into the glass sphere one by one, several people woke up.
“damn! what’s this!”
Ignoring them, Faust asked Umbrella Man.
“How did it go?”
“Nike is gone. It won’t kill it, but the injection will definitely do it.”
Xenia asked.
“What are you planning to do with us?”
“Nothing. You guys are just manure. filter to reach the end of the creature.”
“The end of life?”
Faust’s gaze toward the ceiling reached the past through 10,000 years of time.
“There was a human named Ogent.”
“Smille… … Smille… …
Rian rushed toward Miguel’s mansion, destroying everything in his way.
My eyes were looking at the scenery, but my brain was playing with countless scenes that I couldn’t analyze.
As if coming out of a tunnel, all the scenes were pushed out of the field of view and I saw the scenery of heaven.
Guided by memories, they cross the sea and pass through the forest to arrive at an ancient village.
The man with long black hair turned around with a beautiful smile.
“Smille.”

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-823.txt
=============YYYYY=============
Smille, Smille (3)
Omega Year 938.
It’s been 1,500 years since Ankera dismantled the Ultima System with an anecdote.
Still in Heaven, a small group of Gaians, led by Mackline Guffin, were fighting.
Numerous giants advanced to other planets and gave birth to a new human race there.
Some of them returned and became outcasts, and the river clan to which Ogent belonged was one of them.
“brother.”
A woman with blue hair that was as clear as water, growing to her waist, as befits the Gang clan, approached Ogent.
“Are you alone today?”
“Smille.”
Ogent never showed his emotions to anyone in his family, but he sometimes smiled shyly in front of his younger sister.
“Because I only practiced swordsmanship, I had no friends until I was 22. A person becomes a single-minded person if there is no social activity.”
“Because I am comfortable being alone.”
Ogent doesn’t know exactly how old he is.
Of course, he must have been an outcast, but the first memory of his life was wandering around in the mountains like a wild dog.
It was Smille’s father, Damian, who took pity on young Ogent and adopted him.
“go back. If your father knows you’re here… …
Smille pushed Augent’s chest.
“now! Let’s talk about the troublesome things later, and go with me to the river in Marang. After a while, go swimming and grab something to eat.”
If Damian found out, the atmosphere would be upset again, but there was no one in the family who would break Smille’s stubbornness.
“You have to come back before sunset.”
“Because I know.”
The river of Marang, which arrived over a small ridge, was wide enough to resemble the sea.
‘ beautiful.’
Ogent liked to see the river.
“now! Shall we show off our skills for a while? My dad doesn’t let me swim these days.”
He didn’t like the way his daughter, who had been married, wandered around the river.
“That’s right, you’re an adult now… … Ugh!”
Ogent’s gaze lost its way and shook as he threw off his upper clothes.
“What are you doing?”
“Why is this? Everyone catches it like this.”
Of course, Kang’s clan were good swimmers, and it’s not the first time you’ve seen them fishing in this outfit.
The problem was that she was Smille, but rather she did not understand such an Ogent.
“Even if they are siblings, they are now old enough to be careful. father is worried
I can see why.”
“haha! My brother is too. When we were young, we used to take a bath together. How is this? If you look closely, there is a corner where you obsess in a very strange way. That’s why people say it’s sneaky.”
“Sneaky?”
To Kang’s clan, Ogent was a timid, non-emotional, and eccentric who only practiced the sword.
‘Maybe it is.’
It was too difficult for him to show his feelings to others.
“So you meet girls and make friends. Since I only practice swordsmanship every day, I am ashamed to see my sister’s body.” Smille brought her arms together and lifted her chest.
“Well, though my body is nice.” Then he laughed and laughed.
“Don’t make terrible jokes.”
Augent was sad.
‘It’s like they’re really becoming siblings.’
Smille, who had a bold personality, would not have noticed the subtle changes in Ogent’s mind.
Perhaps because he was Ogent, who is at the peak of timidity, he thoroughly concealed his emotions.
‘I am a coward.’
A coward in the world who can neither approach her nor leave her fiercely.
“Anyway, brother, prepare and come in. I go first!”
Smille took a deep breath and entered the river with a graceful motion like a fish from a low cliff.
‘I hate getting wet.’
Augent sat down.
I could see Smille vigorously pulsating in the river where the sunlight was reflected.
It was nice just to see the river.
Smille, who enjoyed swimming for about 30 minutes, dived in earnest and hunted fish.
Even if there is no talent in swordsmanship, there is no one who can follow in spirit, so he did not come out of the water until he caught one.
“Smiele, let’s go back now.”
“Just one more!”
At that time when I shouted like that and dived again, the current of the river began to change rapidly.
“what?”
It was a change that could not be discovered unless it was an ultra-sensitive Ogent.
After a while, fins came up over the current.
‘A primate?’
As an alien species, in the ecosystem of heaven
It was a huge fish weighing over 10 tons that could not come out.
“Smille! come out!”
However, Smille was already deep in the water.
“damn!”
It was only when Ogent grabbed his sword and spurred off the cliff that he realized Smille in the water.
Schools of fish, pursued by the primate, were approaching her.
‘We have to go up!’
The moment she rose to the surface with all her might, what she saw was the mouth of a huge fish.
“Smille!”
Just before passing into the belly of the fish, the head that had been severed from the gills rose upward.
“brother!”
Holding Smille’s hand, Ogent flew up into the sky using external gravity.
Dozens of fish jumped up, casting shadows over their faces.
“Hold tight!”
As external gravity radiated in all directions, Ogent’s body began to vibrate violently.
At the same time as the chiefs attacked him, his sword swung like a gale.
” wow??????
Looking at the fresh flesh falling into pieces, Smille gulped down her saliva.
‘looks delicious.’
On the other hand, Ogent ran through the air with all his might and finally arrived at the cliff.
“ha. ha.”
Smille gave a thumbs up.
“Brother, the best!”
“you idiot! Did you come to the river without knowing that it was the spawning season for primates? Where the hell have you left your mind?”
“Even you didn’t know.”
“Why should I know that? uh
After all, I… …
Kang is not a clan.
But if I say those words, I feel like I’m really nothing… … .
“Brother, I am hungry. Let’s go get something to eat.”
Auguste had no choice but to keep her mouth shut.
“Haa, anyway, the food is good.”
A small bonfire was lit and the trimmed fish was placed on a branch and grilled until golden brown.
“delicious.”
“It’s late anyway, eat slowly. Chehala.”
Sumiele nodded, but her eating speed did not slow down in the slightest.
“By the way, brother, there was that earlier. just flying through the sky Is that swordsmanship too?”
“It’s a technique that takes the inertia out of the body. Quite difficult. But why?”
“Can I teach you that too?” Augent burst into laughter.
“you? Even if you haven’t mastered basic taijutsu, you can do quite a bit.”
Kang’s clan also had many capable warriors, but for some reason, Smille didn’t have that much talent.
“no. I will work really hard. huh? teach me.”
“It awakens all the senses of the body.” Augent spread his palms.
“Anyone can open and close a fist. But you have to go deeper to master your body.”
“how?”
“It moves extremely slowly. Watch while you eat.”
While Smille mumbled, Ogent’s eyes calmed down.
At first, I didn’t understand what he meant, but after about 10 minutes, I finally felt it.
“aha?”
August’s five fingers were weakly bent.
“got it? slow. slower. One time to clench a fist is segmented for 10 hours.”
“I want to try it too.”
Smille spread her palms.
“Uhm??????
Oh Gent, who was observing his younger brother closely, added.
“If you stop, it’s over. It never stops, only keeps moving slowly.”
“okay. Say it slow.”
Smille’s expression was quite serious.
“ah! can’t do it! stopped again This is surprisingly difficult. Where did you learn these things, brother?”
“I never learned. It’s a method I developed after thinking on my own. It breaks down the senses of the body into the smallest units.”
Augent has no teacher.
“If I had to pick a teacher… …
Smille blinked and waited for an answer, but Augent prepared to leave.
“late. Let’s go back.”
The sun was already setting, so Smille was also tidying up without a murmur.
“Smille.”
In front of the trail leading into the village stood an old man with light blue hair in a ponytail, holding a cane.
“dad.”
Damian, the chief of the Kang clan, watched intently as Ogent and Smille walked side by side.
“sorry.”
As Ogent lowered his head, avoiding his gaze, Damian let out a sigh.
‘Ha, that’s really troublesome.’
never expressed
Even if he wasn’t his biological son, Ogent was also his son, and above all, he was the best warrior in the Kang clan.
No, should I say warrior?
Compared to Kang’s clan, who used ruthless swordsmanship, Ogent’s movements were so delicate and precise.
‘Even though they are of different blood, they grew up together. How can they grow up differently?’
Ogent’s talent for the sword, which no one in his family could match, also played a part in making him a loner.
“Let’s go back home.”
Seeing his father turn around without saying anything, August’s heart felt heavier.
Dinner time is a harmonious place for Kang’s family, who have good appetites, but the atmosphere was heavy today.
“Ogent, the pre-wedding ceremony is tomorrow. The people of the mountain clan will come. Of course, Smille’s fiancé.”
“I know.”
Before the ceremony, it was customary for the bride’s side to invite the groom’s family to a seven-day banquet.
“What kind of person is this, my fiancé? Even if you’re not handsome, I want you to be a strong person. like my brother.”
“Smille.”
Ogent warned, but Damian’s heart was already disturbed.
“Ogent, what are you planning to do next? The river clan has been protecting the river for generations. Under the command of the strongest warrior.”
Although Ogent is the strongest, there were not many people who would support him because of his individualism.
“I will leave.”
Even Damian was surprised this time.
“Are you leaving?”
‘There’s no reason to stay here anymore.’
It was common for a chief’s daughter to marry into another tribe, but somehow it was quick.
‘It must be because of me.’
“I’m not talking about leaving. You are a mighty warrior and you are my son. But to protect the river… …
“For generations, the Kang clan has been in charge. I don’t deserve it. I have something in mind.”
“What if you think?”
“I want to improve my skills by going to various places.”
“Are you going to become a borderline?”
With Ogent’s skills, he could survive in purgatory, but as a father, his heart ached.
‘at last… … Am I going to run away again?’
was such a child.
Even if there was something I wanted, I couldn’t say a word, and even if there was something I was angry about, I just let it go by myself.
The eldest son was reliable, but now he knew how he felt about Smille.
‘Well, this might be the way it is.’ If they hadn’t adopted them from the beginning, the two would never have known each other.
“brother! Are you leaving suddenly? You’ve never said anything like that to me before, have you?”
“sorry.”
Smille raised her voice.
“I’m sorry, is it over? My brother is always like that! What really matters is that you never tell me. I don’t know what my brother is thinking.”
What do you think?
‘Damn it!’
If it’s something that can’t be undone anyway, I wanted to shout coolly even if I left when I left.
‘Smille, I want you… … !’
It shouldn’t be.
Feeling the anger boiling up, Ogent put down the tableware.
“I will wake up first.”
“Where? Talk to me.”
Damian didn’t scold him even while he went outside ignoring Smille’s words.
‘I have to endure.’
Reasonable and cool-headed, Ogent did not have the courage to deviate even a step from the taboo.
‘I have to hold the sword. Control your anger.’
Anger was his only teacher.

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-824.txt
=============YYYYY=============
Smille, Smille (4)
‘What am I angry at?’ Lian, who was running towards somewhere unconscious, suddenly had a question.
A rapidly approaching building came into view.
His eyes were seen, but his thoughts were filled with things he had not experienced…
‘No, is it my experience?’ Every time someone’s memory passed, so vivid stimuli were transmitted from the cell unit.
Without even thinking about breaking through the object in the way, Lian crashed into it just as he was running.
‘Where are you going?’
According to Nike’s memories, the Genocide team should have been taken to the mansion of rich man Miguel.
The real horse Faust, the anecdote, the vampire lord and another lord who should have already awakened.
“Xenia.”
The moment I spit out her name, an auditory hallucination exploded as if it had flown from the end of the universe.
“Smiele.”
bang! bang bang!
The walls that crumble like cookies disappeared and the mansion of the rich man Miguel was seen in front of his eyes.
At that point the thought took him another 10,000 years to some place in heaven.
‘Ogent.’
A very long time ago there lived a prosecutor who was timid, self-centered, and nervous.
It wasn’t that he saved the world or that he caused a great event to symbolize a certain era.
‘What are you angry about?’
Heavenly beings who endured more than 10,000 years recalled the test like this.
Yasha.
Late at night, Ogent entered the training ground where the clan practiced swordsmanship.
“Whoa. Whoa.”
Every time he exhaled heavily, the candles around him flickered as if they were about to go out.
‘Be patient. you’ll be patient Just bear with it.’
What is Anger?
It was a feeling that the fire that rose from the heart melted the mind and body and mixed them together like molten iron in a furnace.
“iced coffee?… “!”
I wanted to scream with all my might as my tightly clenched teeth opened.
‘Swordsmanship.’
Ogent needed a place to escape.
There had to be the only way out of the hell of the heart that was blocked by flames on all sides.
‘Let’s be the best.’
No one said that, but it was as if Smille would come to him once he reached the apex of the sword.
‘Because I’m delusional like this, I’m going to hear that Smille is insidious.’
It didn’t matter though.
‘Let’s walk ten steps. Then it will be all right.’
Ogent, who had measured ten steps forward, moved slowly.
Of course, he actually moved, but his feet didn’t come off even after 10 minutes.
‘slowly. Extremely slow.’
A person watching by his side would think he was just standing there, but Ogent was sensing countless movements of his entire body.
‘It is dismantled endlessly.’
As the nerves were severed, even the air particles could be felt on the skin.
‘It’s the universe.’
Only what is contained in the body is mine, and therefore infinitely free.
” brother?”
Smille, who found the training ground, opened the door.
‘Smille.’
Her keen senses seized her, but she was swept away by the speed of her nerves and vanished into oblivion.
It was familiar, so Smille sat in the corner of the training hall and watched her brother.
‘What kind of training is that?’
Unlike the swordsmen of the clan, Ogent’s training was boring, so he often returned tired after watching it.
But today she had something to say, so Smille waited patiently.
In less than 30 minutes, drowsiness poured in, and before she knew it, she nodded her head and fell into a deep sleep.
“huh’?”
When I woke up again, I could hear the sound of birds announcing the dawn outside the training ground.
As the disconnected memories were connected, there was no Ogent in the gaze that regained its place.
“wow.”
Her head turned, and Ogent, who had taken ten steps during the night, was standing with his legs together.
“brother.”
I thought I was just standing, but Ogent was moving to come to a perfect standstill.
‘Stop.’
Acceleration was outside the range of human measurement, as it never stopped during ten steps.
‘ stop.’
Controlling it with the body was as difficult as feeling the speed of light.
The moment the flame went out as the candle was pressed down from above, Smille swallowed.
perfect stop.
It’s just that her brain couldn’t analyze it, but her eyes were clearly seeing it.
“Smiele.”
Augent turned his head.
“what’s the matter?”
Smille, who had a dazed expression, came to her senses and stood up.
“Ah, I have something to tell you.” He knew what he wanted to say and what he wanted to hear.
“It is morning now. Let’s do it next time.”
It was pitiful to see himself not being able to let go of Smille or to keep him.
“good. But if you won’t tell me now, promise me you won’t forever.”
When I turned around, Smille was looking at me with angry eyes unlike usual.
“Do you have anything to say to me? The people of the mountain clan will be coming soon. You may regret it now or for the rest of your life.”
Perhaps.
“I don’t know why you’re treating me coldly these days. It must have been after the marriage with the mountain clan was caught.”
“Smiele, I… …
“Do you hate me getting married?”
My heart was pounding.
“It can’t be. The river clan and the mountain clan have lived in cooperation for generations. This is an important marriage.”
“I am talking about my brother. There are many complaints about this wedding. Shall I guess?”
August’s face went pale.
“Brother, maybe…
At that time when I was so nervous that I was losing my mind, Smille put his hand on his waist and said.
“Is it because there is no one to play with when I get married?”
“what?”
The cold sweat dried up.
“Because my brother lacks social skills and has no friends. That’s why he’s leaving.”
What replaced the missing tension was sadness.
‘What were you expecting?’
Did he know that even a formidable blow would break the precarious balance?
“It’s not like that.”
Just as the horse was about to come out following his rough breath, Damian opened the training room door.
“Here you are.”
August felt guilty.
“uh? dad? Are you awake already?”
Damian, who was looking at the siblings with mixed feelings, sighed and turned around.
“The people of the mountain clan will arrive. We have a pre-wedding ceremony, so come home quickly.”
Smille, who was looking at Damian who was moving away, looked back at Ogent and waited for a while.
If he had something to say, he looked in his eyes to say it quickly, but upon hearing Damian’s sigh, Orgent just kept his mouth shut.
“I’ll go in.”
Smille went back, and August closed the door of the training hall and closed his eyes.
‘slow. slower.’
When I become the best, when there is no place to go up anymore, like a miracle, I think Smille will understand my heart.
‘Be strong. Then it will work.’
It was the only way Ogent could fight the world.
The mountain clan came to visit.
Although there is no superiority or inferiority between the clans, it was a traditional ritual to stay in the bride’s place for seven days and build harmony. Most of them were familiar with each other because they often exchanged goods from the river and the mountain.
However, Ogent, who always practiced in the mountains, saw Smille’s fiancé, Lead, for the first time.
A Honam-type face with a huge body.
Even with strangers, they were a typical mountain clan with a hearty smile.
‘Sheesh, what’s so cool about a guy like that?’
If it had been terrible, the words would not have come out, but Ogent left everything for political reasons.
‘Smille is being sacrificed.’
Sumiele, who has a calm and broad mind like a daeha, is not shaken by any big things.
It was something that Ogent never had, and maybe he was in awe of her.
‘This marriage is ridiculous.’
Seeing Smille smiling as she talked to Leard made her stomach twist even more.
“By the way, who is the older brother?”
Laird, who was looking around, noticed Ogent frowning and approached.
“You are the older brother of Smille, whom you have only heard about. Nice to meet you. The mountain clan is called Lead.”
I wanted to hit the outstretched hand, but I couldn’t take a single step in front of the clan’s eyes.
“Nice to meet you.”
“I heard that he is the best warrior, so when you have time, let’s compete with each other.”
Augent replied coldly.
“I don’t think that will happen. I’m going on a long trip soon.”
“travel? Are you sure you are going to Purgatory?”
“Please excuse me first.”
Leard looked back at the Kang clan with a blank expression, but they didn’t seem to care.
“what? Because you are my brother.”
Leard defined Ogent as follows.
“Are you completely peckish?”
The pre-wedding ceremony was harmonious, except for the coldness of Smille’s black-haired brother.
It was an early evening in which everyone was drunk with plenty of food from the mountains and rivers and drinks were passed around in succession.
“ha ha ha! Isn’t that why I killed three mountain kings at the same time!”
As a position to send her daughter, Damian actively supported Leard’s saga.
“That is great. As expected, he is the strongest warrior of the mountain clan.”
“That too… …
Leard, who gulped down the bowl filled with wine, turned his gaze to Ogent, who was sitting in the last seat.
Whether she was listening or not, she was just sitting there staring at the ground, pouting like a pouting woman.
‘You’re an unlucky person. After all, he’s not even his own child… …
If you are a human who will go to purgatory anyway, it would be fun to teach you the true beauty of a man.
“Have you ever caught a mountain king?”
When Augent didn’t answer, Smille intervened.
“Your brother is really strong. He’s a genius. I also cut dozens of primates a few days ago.”
“Puhahaha! Miss Smille, are you giving your brother a lot of attention? It is impossible to catch dozens of plesiosaurs in the water.”
No human being has ever done that.
“It’s real. brother, right? You know what I showed you while swimming with me back then? The art of flying.”
“Fly through the sky?”
Since no one had reached that level, not only the mountain clans but also the river clans paid attention.
“You mean you have such a skill?”
Even August couldn’t help but answer.
“You know what?”
But, as expected, it was cold words, and the atmosphere quickly subsided.
“Oppe｝, what the hell… …
Leard raised his head and burst into laughter.
“Puhahaha! I got to meet my terrifying older brother. Well, it’s still better than squatting.”
“pick?”
Ogent widened his eyes and glared at him, but Lair passed over him like a snarl.
“There is such a thing. By the way, if you have any cool tricks, why don’t you teach me too?”
Without listening to the answer, Lead stood up and walked to the empty lot holding his wooden sword.
“Could it be that the brave Gang clan is not running away?”
After driving a wedge over the pride of the clan, Ogent finally realized his mistake.
‘Damn it.’ Grabbing his wooden sword, he slowly stood up, but Damian put down his glass and said,
“Ogent, do you want to see me for a second?” Damian went into the shadows while everyone was waiting for the showdown of the century.
“This is the person who will be with Smille for the rest of his life.”
“I know. sorry. I will personally apologize and make it happen.”
“Kill me, but don’t.”
“yes?”
When Ogent raised his head, doubting his ears, Damian patted him on the shoulder.
“It’s okay to beat it up to your heart’s content. Until your minutes are resolved, until there is nothing left in your heart.”
It was the only consideration she could give her son.
continues in the next volume

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-825.txt
=============YYYYY=============
anger (1)
Hearing the sound of his heart beating, Ogent turned to Laird.
“ha ha ha! Will this be fun?”
Watching them wield their wooden swords loudly and prepare for sparring, their spirit soared.
‘Do you want me to stop killing you?’
If Ogent’s heart was revealed through violence, even if Laird turned to dust, it wasn’t enough.
I still want to hit you
‘It’s a peck.’
Recognizing the truth in his heart, Ogent smiled bitterly.
said Damian.
“Ogent, I’m sorry.”
Ogent didn’t know what he was sorry for.
“If I hadn’t taken you as my son, none of this would have happened. but… … It is unavoidable.”
Because I can’t turn back time.
“There is nothing to be sorry for, Father.” All the words angered Augent, but it was true that he had saved his life.
As a result, the anger intensified.
Without saying what to do, Ogent walked over to the arena and took the wooden sword in his hand.
‘Only with this… …
Ogent has never really fought anyone before, so he doesn’t know exactly how good he is.
But it never occurred to me that I was a frog in a well.
Although he never fought a human being, he could cut down a burrowing creature, something other humans couldn’t.
“I want to be gentle, but… …
Leard tapped his shoulder with a wooden sword and said.
“A true warrior is not afraid of injury. How much would you do with this piece of wood? Let’s go hot.”
‘It’s stupid.’
It sounded like common sense to someone who had reached a certain level, but Ogent laughed in vain.
‘A person can be killed with just one chopstick.’
“brother! Show me the power of the Kang Clan!”
Even though it would be difficult to support either side, Smille asserted Ogent’s victory.
‘Is it ignorance, or is it sunny… …
No, Smille was always like that.
Unlike Ogent, who weighs all the risks before doing something, she was always unstoppable.
‘So I want you… …
Ogent, who had erased his thoughts, held out his wooden sword.
“Let’s start.”
After declaring war, Reid’s expression, which had been smiling until now, became frighteningly calm.
‘He’s not a pathetic guy.’
A unique aura called the giant’s power was rising from Laird’s body.
Of course, it was a temperament that only August’s senses could feel.
“Taha!”
Laird rushed in first, and Ogent turned around belatedly.
“wow??????
Those who watched quickly fell in love with Leard’s swordsmanship, which was stronger than expected.
Even Smille, who had believed that Ogent was the best until now, opened his eyes wide at the speed of the sword.
Ogent, who was the only one whose expression did not change, was calmly pouring out his attacks.
‘He’s a strong man.’
I didn’t want to belittle it as weak.
It was clearly a skill worthy of representing the mountain clan, and he was also adept at handling the power of a giant.
‘What the hell am I… …
That’s why I suddenly had a question.
‘How strong is it?’
The reason why you get goosebumps all over your body and even get a creepy feeling is because you have confirmed your inaction on a different level.
‘Can there be such a difference?’
Lead’s movements were clearly visible in a sense of a completely different dimension, incomparable to numbers.
‘This is not something to avoid.’
Almost to the point of foreknowledge, each and every one of Laird’s movements was being analyzed individually.
Ogent’s sense of being able to walk only ten steps in a day eventually reached such a level.
Being able to deal with Lead with only 1% of his nerves, he thought with the remaining 99% of his nerves.
‘This man will be Smille’s husband.’ From the day she first met her, she had never left her heart for a single moment, and she would be gone.
My stomach was boiling.
“Yaaaa!”
The moment Reid performed a vertical slash, Ogent twisted his body and assumed an upward stance.
‘rather… …
Raising the sword upward would break Lair’s neck, but he hurriedly stopped.
Laird, who had never been attacked by Ogent, glared at him with his eyes wide open.
“If you’re going to do it, do it right, you little bastard.”
I don’t know why they didn’t attack, but it was clear that they were mocking.
“Let’s stop. It doesn’t make any sense anymore.”
The whispers between the two did not spread outside, but everyone kept their mouths shut in a subtle atmosphere.
“No meaning? It is a showdown between the mountain clan and the river clan. Are you still a warrior?”
“I am not of the river clan.”
It was a fact that you could tell just by looking at the color of his hair that August was the adopted son of the chief.
‘What is this bastard?’
Even though he is a competent person who lightly sheds his onslaught, he has a nervous personality with extreme timidity.
‘Even if it’s not blood, how do you act like this to your brother-in-law?’
One possibility flashed.
“Could you… …
After looking at Smille, Laird’s eyes stared straight at Ogent’s face.
The blood was gone from his originally pale face.
“Such a pervert!”
At the sudden shout, both the Gang clan and the San clan put on a bewildered expression.
Only Smille was watching.
“I’ll beat you to death!” Leard, who already thought Smille belonged to her, let out anger and swung the sword at her neck.
But at this moment, the person who was most angry was Ogent.
‘Kill it!’ The rage born of shame blew away reason, and the sword bent at tremendous speed.
It is impossible to distinguish with the naked eye, but Leard was unable to move even 1/100th of his movements.
be patient
All sorts of thoughts rushed through my head as I heard the sound of my heart.
‘If I kill Lee… …
become a murderer
How will Smille see herself? How sad will her father be? Will she be able to withstand everyone’s criticism?
‘Hold on! Please bear with me!’
Thousands of thoughts that shouldn’t be done put the brakes on the fast-moving wooden sword.
“Aaaaaaa!”
The wooden sword came to a standstill as a strong wind blew in.
“Keugh!”
The moment Laird stiffened with the wooden sword in front of him that he did not even know he had reached.
Kurrurrurrung!
All the trees in the forest behind him were cut down and started to fall in the same direction.
“I-what is that?”
Even August didn’t know.
‘what?’
His senses reached the pinnacle of his body, but it was the first time he had ever experienced the phenomenon of being cut by things that had not been cut.
‘Something inside of me erupted.’
law.
Lair lost his temper while thinking about a not yet clearly defined concept.
“You son of a bitch!”
The wooden sword, which had been struck with the determination to kill, twisted grotesquely in front of Ogent’s face and exploded with a bang.
“brother!”
People thought that Ogent had been hit directly, and Smille jumped up with a surprised expression.
“you… … What the hell is it?”
The bizarreness beyond human common sense was felt only by Lead, the person involved.
‘Huge.’
Anger in the heart is sublimated into reason and affects the real world.
It was a divine transcendence that only a top-level giant could do.
“I will go back.”
Throwing his wooden sword to the ground, Ogent bowed his head deeply to Damian and avoided the seat.
Watching his son walk away, Damian sighed.
‘Am I running away again?’ Even if it meant ruining her daughter’s wedding, she hoped her son would vent his anger once in a while.
‘Well, that’s you.’
If I could run away forever like that, it was one of life to endure and live my whole life.
“I’ll go to my brother.”
As Smille tried to follow Ogent, Damian grabbed her daughter’s wrist.
“Don’t go.”
“why? He’s my brother.”
Damian couldn’t bear to say why.
But Smille, as if she didn’t like even that, stubbornly shook off her hand and turned around.
“Everyone is a coward.”
It was just stuffy about what they were afraid of.
After going deep into the mountains where Smille couldn’t find him, August calmed his mind through meditation.
‘slow. slower.’
I didn’t have the courage to look at Smille’s face.
‘Let’s forget it.’
will be leaving tonight
As always, all you had to do was run away from the fear you couldn’t bear to face.
‘I see.’
The level he had reached through the confrontation with Leard rushed like a wave through enlightenment.
‘ iced coffee.’
As if my brain had been opened, endless thoughts rushed in without me even realizing it.
Augent’s body rose on its own, and both hands went up while he was in a cross-legged position.
‘I am… … It transcended the body.’ It was the awakening of genius.
‘Yeah, that’s it.’
To him, the sword is not a means to achieve something, but a refuge to escape misfortune.
‘This is it.’
The day had changed before he knew it, when he opened his eyes.
“I need to pack.”
The reason why I don’t have the courage to meet Smille is because I must have spent the night with Leard.
Until the wedding ceremony, it is clearly a man and a woman, but according to what I have observed so far, most of the first nights are held on the same night.
It felt like my heart was breaking, but I was trying to go down the mountain, ignoring those thoughts.
“brother.” Smille was waiting in the corner of the forest.
“Smiele.”
It was a pathetic voice even to himself.
“How do you know?”
Smille sighed and pointed around.
According to Maha’s law, all the trees in the forest were bent to the point of breaking.
“This??????
“No, that’s okay.”
Unlike usual, it was an angry tone.
“Tell me what happened.” Will it be caught in the end?
” what?”
“You know it’s not something to ask me, right? Now it’s your turn to talk.”
Ogent did his best to make excuses.
“sorry. I’m not feeling well today. Tell Lard I’m sorry too. And the wedding must be… …
“Brother, don’t you just marry me?”
August’s face hardened.
“What, what do you mean, all of a sudden? You can’t cancel a wedding that depends on the fate of the clan like this.”
I was spitting out a sound that I didn’t even mean, but Smille stabbed me again.
“Do you know what I did last night?” All I could think about was running away.
“Yeah, of course… …
“Nothing happened.”
Smille, who watched Ogent’s eyes change, took a deep breath and said,
“You really have nothing to say to me?” She seemed to give it one last chance.
‘Is there something next for me?’ The conviction that there was only now to change anything stuck in my head.
‘I must confess. Even swordsmanship can’t protect me anymore.’
There would be no higher level than now.
“Smiele.”
Augent grabbed Smille’s shoulders.
“Marry Leard.”
Perhaps Lair had a good look at people.
‘I peck.’
From the beginning, he was a nasty guy who couldn’t do anything.
“Get married and live happily. That’s what pleases the clan and the father. If you don’t get married, everyone will be unhappy.”
“What’s so complicated? You can take responsibility for everything.”
Augent smiled sadly.
‘How can you say such nice things?’
Smille, a huge river that flows quietly but contains everything, has always been an object of admiration.
“Have a good day, Smille. My brother is… …
Ogent’s head jerked back.
“what?”
Woo woo woo woo.
As the air vibrated, clear sound waves were moving around the entire mountain.
‘Vibration?’
Everyone in Purgatory knows
It was the natural vibratory sound of a living angel.

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-826.txt
=============YYYYY=============
anger (2)
A huge sound receded over the mountains, and soon people’s screams were heard.
“damn!”
Ogent kicked off the ground first, followed by Smille.
When they arrived, both the river clan and the mountain clan were sitting on their knees in front of the angel.
“You are here.”
The angel surrounded by the 1st to 3rd Mara turned around.
He had seen an angel flying in the sky from a distance, but it was the first time he had encountered it up close.
‘What’s this?’
Even if all the land, sea, and air monsters that were said to be the most powerful in Purgatory were put together, they would not be able to reach the tip of an angel.
“Ogent! Run away!”
Damian, who was kneeling, shouted.
“Smille… … ! Kuck!”
Like a machine, the one-legged Mara, with a bronze body, pressed Damian with his foot.
“dad!”
When Smille arrived belatedly, Ogent immediately drew his sword and blocked her path.
“Stop, Smille. behind me… …
Augent stopped talking with a surprised expression.
‘ Suddenly?’
Like an optical illusion, the angel’s figure disappeared, and before he knew it, he was standing behind Smille and holding onto Smille’s shoulder.
“Hmm, are you okay?”
Ogent was afraid.
He was not afraid of being killed by an angel, but of this world, of the rising tide of the appointed time.
‘I want to run away.’
from everything.
“I am Jeongjae’s angel Airope.” The voice came from behind, but the angel took Smille and returned to his original position.
“I came here to find a subject for Ilhwa’s drink in Purgatory.”
“Anecdotal liquor?”
Through the mouths of heretics, they also knew what anecdotes were.
“So you’re not going to die?”
Airope made a displeased expression.
“It is to preserve the laws of the kingdom of heaven. You also exist under the law. Join us in protecting the world by sacrificing your humble body.”
The war between Heaven and Gaia is not yet over.
He developed the anecdote and weakened the Ultima system, but Ymir was the only giant who reached level 10.
‘Even step 7 is difficult in this state.’
In order to stand against the Gaians, more perfect materials were needed, and what Ankera was looking for was someone with an unwavering spirit.
“But why Smille?”
“The energy of this child fascinates me. But don’t worry. I’m going to take a closer look at it from now on.”
As Airope’s astral body expanded into Halo, her judicial halo glowed with a brilliant light.
While everyone watched in awe, only Ogent gritted his teeth at the unapproachable perfection.
“Big!”
“Hoo?”
The Maras looked back at him.
“Can you sense the halo?”
Not only did he sense it, but Irope also looked at him with a puzzled look at the way he endured it.
“Hmm.”
First of all, finding a target was a priority.
As the judicial halo was activated, Smille’s body was surrounded by bluish aura.
As a direct descendant of Kariel, the Archangel of Birth, she was able to scan every part of a creature.
“This?”
After completing the scan, Airope was so surprised that she forgot the existence of Ogent, who sensed the halo.
‘It matches the standard by 98%.’
In other words, if she entered the anecdotal liquor, there was a 48% chance that she would enter stage 10.
“There’s no need to find another target.”
Tens of thousands of subjects were scanned in Purgatory, but only a handful of cases exceeded 70 percent.
“We are taking this human.” It was a death sentence for his family, so Damian shouted with a pale face.
“Please save me! This is a child who is about to get married soon. I’d rather go!”
“It’s not something you can say you want to do with lowly things. Consider it an honor to be the subject of noble magic.”
“Keugh!”
Although Purgatory is free from Anchera’s control, it was undeniable that the existence of angels was God.
‘Smille… … You say you’re being taken to heaven?’
Ogent just hung his head and watched the people who couldn’t say anything.
Even Lread, who had promised a future with Smille, was terrified and his shoulders trembled.
“no.”
Augent moved on.
“Whoever wants Smille… …
“It is the name of God.”
Having said that, Ilope nodded.
“Take care of it.”
He was the one who didn’t like the fact that he was a human holding out against the halo.
The 1-legged Mara Bronze Chopper changed its eight arms into capitals and charged at Ogent.
It was a momentary situation, but everyone present had their hearts pounding.
death.
In the process of killing even Bronze Dowae did not suspect, only Ogent was relaxed.
‘slow. slower.’
Ogent took a step, feeling the speed of the angel falling far faster than the movement of the angel.
The body of the Bronze Cobbler was split in half, and smoke rose from the empty interior.
“Keugh!”
His body hurriedly closed, but the knees of the Bronze Swordsmith, who had already drained most of the fuel, bent.
Everyone was stunned by the unexpected situation, but what was more terrifying was that they attacked Mara.
Ai-Rope’s eyes contained the intent to kill.
“Incarnation.”
It was impossible to cut a bronze sword with a human-made sword unless it was divine transcendence.
“Smiele is not okay. Please forgive me.”
No words could convince Airope that a human had cut down Mara.
“What an insignificant human being!”
When Airope held out her power, there was a bang and August’s body was pushed all the way to the entrance of the village.
“Big!”
Ilope’s face turned cold as she scratched the ground and checked the long footprints.
“Block?”
Blocked the angel’s attack.
Since he was a being on a different level, whose strength could not be measured, the shock the clan received was enormous.
‘Was it like that?’
The one thing Damian couldn’t understand was how he could have endured with such strength.
If he made up his mind, he could turn his back on his clan and rule the world at any time.
‘I’ve never swung a sword with that kind of heart.’
Augent was frustrated.
‘If you just swing the sword without rest… …
Maybe a happy day will come to me too.
“please.”
Augent wept.
“Forgive me. Please save Smille just once. Please don’t take her from her.”
” brother??????
Even though she was in danger of dying, Smille looked at Augent with pity on the contrary.
‘Can’t win. I can’t beat this.’
It was the conviction that I realized after sharing one accord with the angel.
“I will gladly accept any punishment, so don’t take Smille. Rather me… …
“Shut up.”
Airope glanced at Smille.
“What is this child doing to this extent? A good future awaits you as a human being.” By the standards of angels, Augent’s swordsmanship was at an advanced level among Gaians.
“Smiley… …
When Augent’s mouth opened, several people strained their eyes with a tense expression.
“This is my sister.”
It is better to be sick than to hurt someone.
“okay?”
Irofe laughed as if he knew even without looking into human psychology.
“I remembered the punishment that will be given to you.” Airope gave instructions to Mara, who was stationed on the left and right.
“Make it immovable.”
His pride was hurt to subdue a single human, but he had no choice but to obey because it was an angel’s order.
The merciless beating began with the bull-faced two-headed Mara kicking Ogent.
‘Let’s wait. I’ll just have to put up with this.’
If he was a normal human, he would have already been crushed, but the power of divine transcendence was stronger than expected.
The more this happened, the more powerful Mara’s pride became, and the sound of bones breaking inside her body was heard.
‘Yes, hit it hard. Hit me more.’ If he beats him up to his satisfaction, he’ll release Smille if he feels relieved.
If you mess up and wriggle on the floor, even if it’s pitiful, they’ll give you what you want.
‘I peck.’
August thought so.
“How wonderful.”
When Airope gave a signal, Ogent was seized by Mara’s hand and forced to stand up.
‘This level of incarnation.’
In terms of technology, it is the only one in Heaven as well as in Purgatory.
“But the bowl is really small.” have no convictions
Even without a scan, this tendency was only used as fertilizer for Ilhwa’s alcohol.
“Smille… … Smille… …
The child Lope, who had been looking at Ogent with contempt, held out her hand while activating the judicial halo.
“I will thoroughly open your narrowed heart. That is my punishment for you.”
“Forgive me, please… …
When Ai-Rope activated the judicial halo, the blood on Ogent’s face disappeared.
“no. That’s all… …
The moment a bluish light shone on Ogent’s body, Smille approached.
“Stop it.”
“Hey, do you even look down on angels?”
“If you don’t quit, I will kill myself.”
The judicial halo quickly returned to the celestial body.
“Hmm.”
According to the information already confirmed through the scan, Smille was definitely a person who could end his own life.
“Don’t touch anyone. Then I will obey your will. This is the only condition.”
It was unpleasant to have a fight with a human, but the history of the archangel Kariel took precedence.
“Let’s go back.”
When Mara freed Ogent, he dropped to his knees and raised his head helplessly.
“Smiele, no. If you go away like that… …
“It’s okay, brother.”
Smille knelt down on one knee and stroked Ogent’s bruised cheek.
“I’m rather glad it happened like this.”
“??????what?”
Auguste couldn’t think of anything.
“Sorry. happily… …
Before Smille’s words could be finished, Ai Lope’s halo spun rapidly and a pillar of light soared.
“Smille.”
Ogent blankly looked up at the sky in a situation that had disappeared from his sight like a lie.
‘I’d rather be fortunate?’
Could dying be a happy thing?
“ah??????
Ogent finally realized.
“Ugh, black… …
Tears of blood were leaking from her bloodshot eyes, and it felt like everything in the world was collapsing.
‘Even knowing… … How do you know everything… …
Smille accepts everything.
‘Were you able to smile at me?’
No one has yet noticed that a tremendous rage of unknown origin was compressed in Ogent’s stomach.
“I’m sorry, but it would be better to pretend there was no marriage.”
At the words of the mountain clan, Damian had no choice but to shut his mouth with a sorrowful expression.
‘It’s a disaster. It’s just like that.’ If a man killed him, he would kill him; if he was attacked by a wild beast, he would have turned the mountain into a mess.
‘I was called by an angel. There is nothing I can do.’
Leard’s muttering could be heard among the people of the mountain clan who were trying to leave quickly.
“Sheesh, if I knew it would be like this, I’d rather…” …
It was a sound that no one could hear, but it was louder than thunder to Ogent’s ears.
“what?”
When Ogent stumbled to his feet, everyone felt sorry.
“Don’t get up. You need to rest.”
It was literally difficult to even walk, and Leard snorted at the sight.
“Who is this piece of trash… … Kuk!” Without even taking a step, Ogent arrived in front of Lair and grabbed his head.
‘Where did you get this power… …
All five of his fingers were broken, but the pain was enough to crush his head.
“Aaaaaaa!”
When Lead couldn’t stand it and suffered, the mountain clan took out their weapons and ran.
heard.
“Ogent! no!”
As soon as Damian finished speaking, Lead’s head shattered with a thump.

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-827.txt
=============YYYYY=============
anger (4)
Heaven’s sixth thousand jebul.
In the Great World War where Kariel is staying, 8 subjects including Smille were locked up.
Humans selected for special criteria.
The first giant was a combination of Gaians, and there was no rejection in performing the anecdote.
This is because all of them have achieved an integrated mental system that is impossible to distinguish between individuals.
The giant born in this way is Ymir, the king of giants, who is said to be the ultimate creature.
However, as the Ultima system weakened, the success rate of Ilhwa’s sake began to drop significantly.
‘If there is no meaning to distinguish individuality, the strength of unity comes only from quantity.’
Conversely, it is impossible to completely dismantle the Ultima system if even one entity remains.
Currently, it was difficult to make even a Tier 6 giant, and Anke gave Kariel a special order.
Analyze the Ultima system.
In order to completely annihilate the Gaians, it was necessary to understand their mental system.
‘Did I say Smille?’
Kariel looked back at the blue-haired woman trapped in the glass sphere of the Phusix Machine.
‘I’m just an ordinary human.’
I couldn’t find any fear in the way he accepted the reality with a calm expression.
‘Neither strong in spirit, nor good durability, nor understanding fear.’
The Ultima System is not like that.
Among human beings, there are strong people who have pushed their own characteristics to the limit, but integration is impossible in that way.
‘Ultimately a normal human? No, even such a definition is just a concept that interferes with the Ultima system.’
The moment you define something, integrating the whole becomes absolutely impossible.
‘Yeah, this is something before justice.’
So there is no way to define smille.
‘Just accepting.’
Kariel approached the glass sphere.
“Aren’t you afraid?”
Acquiring the raw material through the Black Elixir would give you all the information about Smille, but the anxiety that you might not be able to find it made you ask questions.
“You must know what Ilhwa’s sake is. 10 people, 100 people, 1 thousand people. Do you think I can find you in it?”
Smille’s eyes shook for a moment, but she regained her peaceful energy as if she was swept away by a great river.
“It is no different from being eaten by wild beasts and being buried dead.”
“… … is it?”
No matter what you specify in this world, if you look back endlessly, everything is one.
‘I think I know something.’
There is no distinction between peers.
The location where one could contemplate all things as one was probably outside the universe.
‘So you’re trying to leave the photon field?’
When Kariel started the Physics Machine, the black elixir liquid called the Philosopher’s Stone began to fill the glass sphere.
“Kariel.”
At that time, an angel flew into the Great World War.
“The intruder who is currently disturbing Heaven has crossed the Third Heaven and entered the Fourth Heaven.”
“what?”
Judging from the movement of the intruders, they were coming here, destroying the barrier in a clockwise direction from the 1st millennium.
“Are you saying we haven’t been able to deal with it yet?” Apparently, in the first report, I heard that it was at a level that could be blocked by the 2nd Heaven.
‘No, that’s it too… … Too fast?’
The report was only received 20 minutes ago, so it should have arrived in 30 minutes in this state.
As the black liquid soaked her ankles, Smille stood up from the glass sphere to gain time.
It wasn’t a struggle to live.
‘brother.’
Ogent would have been the only intruder who had destroyed the walls of Heaven.
‘I can’t come.’
I already knew my brother’s heart.
‘It was very difficult.’
Augent is a timid man.
He was a person who felt that love was achieved only by keeping him next to him and biting and sucking.
‘Because I have too many thoughts.’
Shouldn’t we have lived our whole lives like that, knowing each other’s feelings?
If you leave your body to the flow of life, what opportunity could you have shared a passionate love?
Humans cannot do that.
‘Stop looking for your brother’s happiness. I can’t drive myself into misfortune anymore.’
agony.
It was the reason why all mankind could not unite as one.
Kariel asked.
“What happened?”
The angel hurriedly lowered his head at the reprimanding tone.
“sorry. It was my mistake.”
The fact that he had made a mistake in evaluating a mere human aroused the angel’s shame.
But in the end, I couldn’t deny the fact, so I bit my lip and looked up.
“The intruder I reported 20 minutes ago and the intruder now are completely different people.”
Kariel tilted her head.
“Are you saying people have changed?”
“that is??????
The angel, lost in thought for a while, finally gave up and confessed his honest feelings.
“I don’t even know what it is now.”
Fifth Thousand Matei.
“Weak things! Can’t the strongest army of giants stop just one human!”
Under the command of the giant corps commander, hundreds of giants struck down their swords at Ogent.
thud! thud! thud!
The sight of blades falling to the ground in a row felt like the sky was collapsing from Ogent’s point of view.
The moment the huge blade was about to crush Ogent, the eyes of the giant who wielded the sword widened.
“What power… … !”
Even though it was as strong as a falling mountain, Ogent held on to the blade and held on.
“Big!”
Hot smoke shot straight through Ogent’s teeth as he bit hard.
Wooddeuk. Wooddeuk.
Bones twisted and muscles twisted like a pretzel, transforming into something inhuman.
‘Cut it!’
As Ogent moved forward after deflecting the giant’s weapon, the faces of the giants around him fell away neatly.
“What the hell is that?”
It’s an obsession.
“Stop! I mean trample it!”
Ogent was lost in thought as he watched the scene of the giants running away, shaking the ground.
‘I’m already done.’
Everything has become a mess.
‘It must disappear without being happy for a moment.’
Even now, the anger was growing without knowing the end, and in the end it would swallow everything.
‘It doesn’t matter if I die.’
I didn’t feel it was unfair. He was born as a human and lived for twenty years, and there were countless shorter lives in the world.
‘But Smille.’
she won’t understand
‘I don’t know how to live as cool as you.’
Calculate and analyze, what happens if this happens, what happens if you do that, etc.
‘I don’t even have the correct answer.’
A pitiful life wandering around the middle of an unknown life crying out.
‘That’s me.’
You say life is beautiful?
‘I hope, because I’m happy.’ Where should the petty heart go that no one in the world can congratulate?
“Aaaaaaa!”
His anger, like a furnace, burned his mind and even his body began to twist.
“Kwuq! Kww! Kwuk!”
He swung his sword like a lunatic while spitting out the remains of living creatures that were pushed up from within.
‘I have reached!’
What I realized at the peak of my anger that I didn’t even think of myself was another realm.
“Queueek! Queueek!”
save people
‘Did you see? This is mankind’s strongest swordsmanship!’
No giants could compete.
‘Does this look beautiful? Does this look cool?’
It is the fate of life to struggle to survive like an octopus thrown into boiling water in a cauldron.
‘Still, I’ll try to live.’
The truth of life is that you can never go outside even though you pour out your excrement and urine.
“I’m going crazy with my anger!”
The moment Ogent’s sword was swung, the barrier of the 6th Heavenly Buddha collapsed with a bang.
The angels that had been flying in from afar suddenly stopped flying and each one opened their eyes wide.
“this??????!”
Upon arriving in the angelic realm, Ogent’s body had already disintegrated into a human.
“Hehe! Hehe! Hehe!”
The process of anger burning skin, twisting muscles, and melting bones was truly devastating.
‘ are you okay.’
His breath rose to the tip of his chin, and the remains of living creatures continued to pour out of his mouth.
‘I have to swing my sword.’
Because that’s the only thing I know how to do.
‘Wield, swing, and swing again… …
A good day will surely come.
“Something good will happen to a guy like me!”
Not knowing where his limbs were, Ogent swung his sword at Mara as he attacked.
The action, with only the determination to transcend form and slash, was horrifying by human standards, but… … .
“I am not human.”
In the eyes of the angels, the desperate struggle looked strangely beautiful.
“It is life itself.”
Augent cried and cried.
“Give me Smille!”
“Kill him.”
When the angels gave instructions, thinking that it would be dangerous at this rate, hundreds of Maras attacked.
At the same time, Ogent’s body rose like a flame and severed all the surrounding Maras.
“How could that be?”
The laws of this world never endow an individual with infinite power.
“Destroy the weapon!”
The huge three-legged Mara took Ogent’s sword, broke it, and threw it away.
“it’s okay! no more… …
‘It’s cut.’
At the same time as Mara’s face was distorted, her body was split in two exactly.
Power entered the angel’s eyes.
‘I see.’
idea.
‘It’s becoming a sword.’
It was Han who hadn’t stopped him just 30 minutes ago.
“It should not be allowed to reach. If it goes any further, you will have to stake the very existence of heaven.”
All of the angels’ planets turned into Halos.
“We launch an all-out attack!”
As the judicial halo lit up the sky, the unique concept of angels focused on Ogent.
In the midst of the fire to the extent that the fire was shaken, Ogent’s sword soared through the haze.
“Aaaaaaa!”
As the haze cleared, Ogent’s figure was revealed, and the angels watched with fascinated expressions.
“Unbelievable… …
“Big.”
The perfectly regenerated body was similar to that of a human, but the temperament was by no means human.
The face was distorted like a demon, and the muscles of the whole body were grotesquely twisted.
“Is it indestructible?”
Destruction is impossible if it is already in the state of concept.
“No, it’s just solid. As long as you have a body, you cannot reach Idea.”
“Then what is that?”
“Yaksha.”
It was the strongest yaksha in history.
“Smille eh eh!”
At the same time as Ogent’s rant broke out, the angels blocking the front were split in half.
Aaaaaang!
As the law of Macha dwelled, a huge hole was opened in the wall of the Great World War, and Ogent came in.
“You came at last.”
Kariel, who had been watching over him, greeted him with a displeased expression.
“Smille.”
The moment he saw Smille submerged in the black liquid, August’s muscles tightened even more.
Although he did not show his anger outwardly, the scenery shook with every step he took.
“A fool.”
Even though he has become an angel, he commits suicide just to find a woman.
“I commend you for coming this far. But you never get what you want.”
that’s human life
“Give me Smille.”
Ogent gave up being human.
“The judicial halo.”
When Kariel’s proprietary simularch was integrated, all electronic devices in the Great World War flickered.
‘The stronger the stronger, the stronger the stronger, the infinitely stronger the material’s envelope.
Pogu was born with a concept that is inaccessible to humans, and is close to the theory of a perpetual power engine.
“Enough to break you.”
Probably so, but Ogent didn’t care and raised his arms as if holding a sword.
“Ben.”
The hardest orb shot from the cannon of matter.

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-828.txt
=============YYYYY=============
apostasy (1)
At the beginning of the incident where the black sphere was approaching, Ogent was dizzy.
It was not as fast as light, but it was the limit of the law that matter with mass could produce.
It felt that way.
‘It’s cut.’
Time passed slowly, and afterimages of black spheres overlapped as clearly as the real thing, revealing the trajectory.
At the exact point where the mind and body met, O’Zent’s two arms, holding nothing, fell down.
idea.
According to the feelings of Ogent, who reached the pinnacle of swordsmanship, this is a concept that does not exist in this world.
As the whole of the law was distorted, the landscape that stayed behind Ogent’s back split left and right.
‘That’s it?… ”
In the time lag phenomenon in which Halo rotates at high speed, Kariel saw it clearly.
As the three-dimensional landscape was compressed into two dimensions, the end of the world opened before my eyes.
As if the world he had experienced so far was just a picture drawn on a single curtain.
‘The universe… …
was open
A concept infiltrating from outer space crashed into the black sphere, carving a sword into reality.
‘It’s over.’
Heaven will be destroyed.
Seventh Thousand Araboth.
Ankera, a huge chunk of meat that was throbbing at the tip of the spire, opened its big eyes.
‘Abortion!’
For Ankera, who dreams of this world, even a fleeting moment is just a concept that can be as long as an eternity.
In the state of innocence, he looked closely at the strongest law in the world and the point of apostasy that broke the law.
‘A single creature tears the universe apart.’
If you ask how that is possible, Anke Ra has no choice but to answer.
‘Isn’t that a truly human doubt?’ What we should truly question is not ‘how is this possible’, but ‘what kind of world this is possible’.
‘I am the whole.’
highly question
‘Can there be something beyond me?’
Ankera’s pupils moved quickly whenever the bends of his thoughts crossed the mountain.
Since time was almost at a standstill, the pupil’s flicker was equal to the speed of light… … .
‘It’s nowhere.’
Ankera, who calculated the Akashic Records a near-infinite number of times, finally came to a conclusion.
‘It must be concluded that there is none.’
The conclusion he drew is not logically correct in that it is the realm of faith, not conviction.
Hence the obvious error.
However, a contradiction arises in that the Akashic Records are literally the entirety of this world and cannot go wrong.
‘Apostasy is impossible.’
to make it that way.
‘I opened my eyes, and everything is mine.’
By manipulating the Akashic Records, Anke Ra ends up leaving a part of the Great World War to the far reaches of the universe.
‘As far as possible!’
Even in the unit of thought, which divided one second into infinity, the space that could be flown was only a sphere with a diameter of about 40 meters.
“Aaaaaaa!”
Following Ogent’s scream, a vertical shockwave collided head-on with the material shell.
With a roar, all the trees in the dense forest were uprooted and blown away, turning into a wasteland.
“Haha! Haha!”
Ogent, whose arms had disappeared, bent his knees and glared forward with fearful eyes.
Kariel was sitting on the ground with her left shoulder severed.
“you… …
Even Kariel couldn’t analyze the power beyond the concept of an archangel.
“Smille.”
Ogent’s missing arms began to regenerate bones and muscles at a rapid pace.
‘Cell regeneration? no, this is… …
Body restoration is possible even with the power of a giant, but the phenomenon that happens to Ogent is on a different level.
‘Information is being restored.’
A signal from outer space was perfectly reconstructing his information.
‘To destroy that human, I have to use the same method.’
However, for the archangel who relied on the law of Anchera, abdication was never acceptable.
Kariel looked around, thinking that she should buy some time for now.
‘Where am I?’
It was a place I had never been to before, and the forest stretched endlessly outside the radius that Ogent had destroyed.
“Give me Smille.”
Ogent stepped towards the glass orb filled with black liquid.
As space fell, Ilhwa’s drinking stopped, but it was enough time for a person to suffocate.
Kariel stood up awkwardly and blocked the way.
‘I prevented Heaven from being destroyed, but if I can’t stop this guy, it’s the same in the end.’
Wielding an idea doesn’t mean the end of the universe right away, but it wasn’t theoretically impossible either.
“Are you going to stop me?”
Augent slowly raised his hand.
“Then die.”
Just as another apostasy was about to be enforced, space was twisted like a whirlpool at the midpoint between Kariel and Ogent.
“what… … ?”
Ankera sent something here again, but the space was torn before the phenomenon was over.
A large body that emitted white smoke like steam flew at Ogent.
“Kha!”
As soon as the fist exploded, Ogent’s body disappeared from the spot.
bang! bang! bang! bang!
Kariel, who had been watching blankly as it flew endlessly through the forest, turned her head.
“you???????”
“Hehe, it’s been a while since we had a fun fight.”
Ankera, who recognizes abortion as an error, chose Ymir, the king of creatures, not an archangel.
After frowning for a moment at the shock of transcending space, he turned to Kariel.
“You got it right.”
Since it was an angel who was clearly a superior being according to the law, Kariel showed a displeasure.
“Don’t be arrogant. Ra sent you… …
“Aaaaaaa!”
I thought I could hear a huge shout from afar, but before I knew it, Ogent’s main
The prey struck Ymir in the face.
“Ouch!”
Ymir’s eyes shook with shock, but his body did not budge from the spot.
Instead, the ground he was standing on crumbled like a cookie, and another shockwave exploded.
The glass sphere in which Smille was locked flew away, and Ogent’s gaze turned to it.
“Smil… …
“Is this all?”
Ymir’s fist bent in a gale and struck Ogent again.
‘It’s nothing?’
Unlike Ankera’s order to punish a human being at the risk of a giant’s pride, it was surprisingly simple.
“Big…
But at that time, a strangeness settled in Ymir’s eyes.
‘Did you throw it away?’
The fist that had been pushed out as far as the creature could reach was blocked by Ogent’s chin.
“Smielee!”
And Ymir saw.
A gigantic law wave flying from the far side, from the end of the universe.
‘ah… …
The moment I received Ogent’s second attack, all the common sense I had until now was shattered.
‘This is the guy.’
Even gravity was already winning, but my mind was so confused that I didn’t even know where I was flying.
‘The reason I exist.’
Paradoxically, self-destruction is the dream of the apex of a creature with 10 billion Gaians united.
‘This guy can break me.’
Kururrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr!
As soon as Ymir put his feet on the ground, the ground pushed away and two mountains were created.
Ymir has also reached the state of apostasy.
Then, Ogent flew in and struck the center of the giant sharply.
“Ha ha ha ha!”
The forest was devastated as a slugfest was held in which there was no need to distinguish between heaven and earth.
While all the animals cried out in fear, there was a bat watching the battle right in front of them.
The other bats instinctively figured out Sadal and left the cave, but the only bat was still hanging upside down on the ceiling, watching the world carefully.
Naturally, bats lacking reason did not have the ability to think.
However, just the scenery received with the eyes was enough to shake the inner side of the animal.
‘What is that?’
If it’s a natural disaster, I’ve experienced it a few times in my life.
But other than that, watching the thunderbolt that seemed to tear the world itself gave me an endless thrill.
‘ there is.’
can do.
Creatures recognize their limits from birth, but at this moment, the broken bat will change into something completely different.
“Move! I mean Vicky!”
Ogent, who had to find the glass ball where Smille was trapped, became more and more impatient as time passed.
‘How could this be?’
The stage of idea that he attained at the end of falling to the bottom where living things could fall was of no use to the giant.
Whenever fists crossed each other, Ogent’s body was broken.
However, a more serious situation than that was that even the ideas that formed him were being destroyed.
“If this is the end… … Ymir raised the corners of her mouth and raised her fist.
‘Eventually something like that.’
It was enough to destroy Ogent, destroy Heaven, and destroy the entire world.
“Smille… …
A voice leaked from under the broken jaw.
“Smille eh eh!”
The moment Ogent struck Ymir in the face, an incomparable power was transmitted.
“Gagging!”
As the molars broke off, they fell obliquely toward the ground, and a shock wave exploded at the same time as the collision.
Aaaaaaaang!
A blow powerful enough to create a gigantic creator caused Ymir to fall.
The shock came momentarily, and it was the first time in the history of Ymir that he lost control of his body.
‘It’s really strange.’
It seems like the end, but it’s not the end.
‘What is the mind.’
It’s considered insignificant because you already have it, but do you actually have the means to create something bigger than that?
Ymir, who fell with a thud, had to wait immobile until his body recovered.
‘If I endure, I win.’
I realized something from a blow earlier, but Ogent did not come to Ymir.
“Smille! Smille!”
Kariel interrupted in front of the glass sphere.
“stop. This woman… …
Before he could finish his words, the regime flew in and threw Kariel hundreds of meters away.
“please! please!”
The glass sphere shattered and the black liquid that melted the black elixir gushed out.
Smille was no longer alive.
Bloody tears flowed from Ogent’s eyes as he checked the half-melted state.
“Aaaaaaa!”
I believed that something like a miracle would happen, but this world is just cold.
After recovering, Ymir walked with the ground shaking.
‘Is that the woman?’
idea of a human being.
“Let’s keep fighting.”
There was politeness in Ymir’s words, but Ogent didn’t pretend to listen.
He was stunned, looking down at the ground with soulless eyes and muttering.
“Smille.”
The body, hardened like a fossil of anger, was soaked in the black elixir and began to melt.
“Are you precious enough to do that?”
“Did you say you wanted to fight me?”
Ogent, whose lower body had melted, slowly turned his head.
“Protect Smille.”
Knowing what was going on, Ymir asked with a sad look.
“What is your name?”
“Ogent.”
As her upper body melted, black elixir flowed into Smille as if it had life.
“I disappear… …
Augent looked up at the sky.
“My will will lead through Smille.”
Tears flowed from his face, which was left with only his neck.
‘I see, Smille.’
The sky I looked at at the end of my life was dazzling.
‘Life is so beautiful.’
Ogent’s body completely disappeared and the black liquid began to restore Smille’s body.
‘I am Ogent.’
Only consciousness whispered quietly.
‘I didn’t save the world or accomplish a great cause, I was just a prosecutor… …
His genes have jumped through countless generations.
‘It was definitely delivered.’
I finally reached a man.
‘Ogent… … Ryan.’
Lian An, who had drawn <Idea> obliquely, raised his head and glared at Faust.
“Whoa.”
The match would have been decided in a single blow.

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-829.txt
=============YYYYY=============
apostasy (2)
‘Idea.’
The realm that Augent ultimately reached.
It deserves to be called apostasy in that it wields a concept outside the world.
Rather than cutting with a sword, the concept of cutting is forcibly injected into the world.
‘But it’s just as dangerous.’
It’s neither beautiful nor cool.
It’s only great because humans did it, and as a result, Ogent ended his life as a creature.
‘The body can’t stand it.’
As Ryan’s ideas replaced August’s ideas, Smille’s hallucinations were no longer heard.
‘Do I have that kind of will?’
A terrible obsession made Ogent immortal, but Lian only inherited his genes.
‘There’s no reason to live like that.’
Ryan is not Ogent.
‘Honestly, I don’t even understand.’
The biggest reason he was able to come this far is because he resembles Smille’s personality.
You didn’t swing your sword to be the best?
‘I will become the best prosecutor.’
If that spirit of victory is not greater than Ogent’s obsession, the body will be completely annihilated with this single blow.
‘I’m grateful for what you handed down… … does it matter
“I don’t stop.”
For an instant, the feeling of Ogent smiling passed through Rian’s mind.
Faust came.
“It is the fate of living things to want to see the end.”
Even when I was just a nameless bat.
“I saw two of the strongest creatures clash. In fact, it’s just a primordial feeling with no memory whatsoever.”
Faust’s body, emitting intense life force, began to dissolve into black smoke from beneath his feet.
“Where do we come from? What is this world we live in? There are many ways to find the only answer, but the simplest one is… …
Huge billows of smoke billowed up like a mountain burning, and completely covered the sky with darkness.
“To become strong enough to destroy the world.”
This was the reason why Ankera banned apostasy.
The smoke that filled the sky twisted sharply and began to rush towards Lian.
Just looking at the size of the half-body and half-soul, it was so powerful that it was incomparable to Lord.
“Lian!”
The moment Xenia shouted at the sight of all the darkness in the world.
‘Beat it!’
Lian took a step and lowered the sword.
The speed of movement in the realm of divine transcendence and idea was enough to burn the body.
The skin burned first, and the muscles evaporated, making the skeleton red-hot.
Movements that transcend the limits of what humans can do will melt even metal.
“Yaaaaa!”
<Idea> is not destroyed.
The sound of Lian’s spirits suddenly disappeared, and huge smoke parted from side to side.
“Kuaaaaa!”
When the black smoke split in two in a state of half-body and half-soul, a clear night sky opened up.
Xenia’s eyes were stained with astonishment.
“This, this… …
The sky split open and another world appeared with an eerie glow.
‘Where is that place?’
However, the brilliance disappeared before he could even look back at the question, and a realistic shock hit the world.
Qurrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrring!
A shock wave that cut the world in two with a power comparable to magic was advancing endlessly.
Around the time I heard the sound of the building collapsing, Xenia knocked on the glass ball.
“Rian! Ryan!”
At the same time, the great straight sword fell from Lian’s hands, which were standing with only bones left.
“no!”
Because it was a sword that stood on its own even without both arms, it was as if Lian’s life had fallen.
After a while, the charred skeleton was blown away by the wind and spread as ashes.
“Big!”
Faust, who had returned to his human body after being split in two, fell to the ground.
‘ saw.’
there was light
It was an intense light that could not confirm anything, but it definitely existed.
‘It’s a pity.’
He wanted to stay in the world a little longer and see the end, but now he had only a few minutes left.
“Rian! Ryan!”
Hearing Xenia’s cry, Faust slowly raised his head on the left side of his body.
‘Did it disappear?’
If the light he saw was true, it would be impossible to exist in this world.
‘When I see this happening… … I didn’t feel well.
‘It’s futile. Is there nothing left after all?’
I heard the sound of the wind somewhere.
‘I am Lian.’
His voice resounded throughout the universe, but no one could hear it.
‘Yes, I am Lian.’
This is because it has spread so perfectly that it is impossible to define a sound.
However, that feeble wave was forcing itself to do something without a break.
‘know. I’m Ryan.’ But what does that mean?
I was so satisfied with my current situation that I didn’t want to think about anything more complicated than that.
‘The best sword… …
Even remembering these things bothered me.
‘I am Lian.’
All he could do was repeat himself endlessly.
Just as Arius had used apoptosis before, Lian was just in a state of conception.
So there is no will.
It just needs to permeate and exist in this world, repeating itself forever.
‘what?’
Therefore, it was miraculous that the current Lian questioned a specific subject.
‘knife?’
A concept forcibly meshed with him.
‘I am Lian with <idea>.’ idea?
As the information began to have a personality, a memory that was bothersome came to mind.
‘Yes, I fired the best sword with this.’
for what reason?
‘To become the best swordsman.’
It was such a wonderful feeling that I thought, ‘Should I go back now?’, but it was far from reality.
It was as weak as lying in bed and thinking, ‘Should I stop dying now?’
‘ why?’
A question that is the most unnecessary of the 5, 5, and 5, but leaves nothing behind when it disappears.
‘Why should I go back?’
Ryan’s concept changes direction at that point, looking at the opposite side of reality.
And he realized that a ray of light that he didn’t know was coming from somewhere was connected to him.
It may be far away, but I thought that maybe it could be right in front of me.
signals coming from outside the world.
Therefore, the concept of Ryan, which I am thinking of now, will be nothing more than the function of that signal.
What’s out there?
Ryan tried to go where the light came in, but he couldn’t get the feeling of advancing.
‘I am Ryan. I am rian I’m Ryan… …
The more I didn’t give up, the stronger the feedback got, and finally it got to the point where I couldn’t think of anything else.
‘Rian! Ryan! Ryan! Ryan! Ryan! Lee An!’
He was afraid that he would lose even himself, who was thinking, but he went on endlessly.
August Lian.
In the end, one concept, endlessly flickering in his thoughts, made up all of him.
As everything became clearer, his perspective turned to the other side against his will.
The shadow of a man holding a sword spread out and shimmered at the end of the dark world.
‘Do I look like that?’
There is no way to confirm, but the first will to do something finally occurred.
‘Yes, I am Ogent Lian.’
Shadows are not destroyed.
“It’s Sirone’s sword.”
The world he was in turned pale as if it were about to explode when a wave of human nature, defined by sound, occurred.
“Rian… … . If you die like this… …
Xenia sat helplessly on the glass ball and shed tears.
Although she killed Faust, the true horse, the feelings of the hunters who lost their precious comrades were no different from her.
“Yes, Xenia.”
Then Katein pointed forward.
The air in the place where Lian disappeared became transparent and formed the shape of a human body.
As if filling something into an empty frame, dots of colorful colors began to appear.
It was a human body.
Bones formed, nerves and muscles covered them, and finally, even the skin regenerated rapidly, revealing Lian’s face.
“Uh, how?”
Rather than the thought of being happy, the shock of not being able to believe caught the minds of the hunters.
“Great!”
Lian gritted her teeth and fell to her knees as the terrible pain surged from the realm of reality.
‘I really hate this feeling.’
Was this how Sirone felt when he returned from the limits of Immortal Function?
“Lian??????
Hearing Xenia’s voice, Lian slowly stood up while holding on to the great straight sword.
The figure that was approaching with strides was quite confident, but the problem was that she was naked.
“Oh, no??????
The moment Xenia hurriedly turned her head, a flash of light passed in front of her eyes.
When half of the glass sphere, which had been able to withstand any impact, was cut off smoothly, she looked away again.
What caught my eye was Lian, who was already unconscious.
“Rian! Wake! Ryan!”
Xenia ran and shook it, but it was impossible to even knock it down, as if it was fixed to something.
“Free us!”
Unlock the Fuzix Machine’s lock.
Now, the hunters checked Lian’s condition.
“Oh, how could this… …
Even in a state of unconsciousness, the law that was invoked was a weight that could be lifted and moved by one ton.
Katein, who had barely put Lian down, checked his condition.
“What happened?”
“Fortunately, it is hidden. But my pulse is weak. It would be better to move to the hideout quickly.”
“Even if we move quickly… …
The current Hunters were the only ones who could handle Lian’s weight.
“There! It’s over there!”
Hundreds of security guards came running from afar.
After checking the face of the security chief Benoff, Xenia sighed and sat down.
‘But this kind of power… …
Every time I checked the landscape that Lian’s sword had destroyed, I didn’t think it was human.
‘The world’s strongest swordsman.’
I don’t know what will happen in the future, but when Lian opens her eyes again, everything will be different.
Niflheim. Deep in the world of the dead, where everything is frozen, Ymir’s eyelids snap open.
That alone caused the huge ice sheet to vibrate.
‘Is it about time?’
Through Suoi, a symbiotic creature, he knew that Ankera had disappeared.
Still, it didn’t move because there was no reason to do so.
‘Ogent.’
As promised 10,000 years ago, his lineage opened the world of apostasy again.
“Lian!”
When the lips move, the suoi are solid.
moving rapidly through molecules
Cracks began to appear on the surface of the never-breaking ice sea.
“Let’s decide the winner!”
After Ogent passed away, Ymir was also imprisoned here for breaking the rule of apostasy.
“I’m so terrified of what the outside world is like, that I have to protect this world!”
As Ymir clenched his fists and stood up, the ice around him evaporated into steam.
“Whatever it is, just destroy it!” As the enormous presence distorted gravity, the ice sea began to stir in a jumbled mess.
“I am the strongest!”
Otherwise, there is no reason to exist.
“I am… …
Koo-goo-goo-goo!
Hundreds of tons of ice blocks floated into the air and shook in confusion.
“It’s already done!”
As the shock wave spread and pushed the ice wall as it was in the form of energy, a roar shook the whole heaven.
Ymir, king of giants. body resurrection.

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-83.txt
=============YYYYY=============
[83] Wizard’s Battle (4)
“I am saying this because it is not. Doesn’t Master know?”
Even if he regains his memories, there is no guarantee that he will return to the old Alpheas. Because living the same life twice doesn’t always mean the same destination.
“no. My judgment is always right. So no matter what form I change, it is only me. It’s your last chance. Cast photonization magic.”
Sade sighed and nodded. Now, he could only hope that Alfeas’ nature would restore his original personality.
“All right. Then please sit here.”
Sade brought a chair in the corner and sat Alfeas down.
“let’s begin. I will cast photonization magic, but from then on, it’s up to Master.”
“haha! Are you a bitch who cares about my share? Don’t worry unnecessarily, just do it quickly. If you get your memory back, I’ll give you a big scolding.”
Sade cast a spell with earnest desire. As the light penetrated the Abyss Nova, a bit of drowsiness came over me. Alpheas slowly closed his eyes and lost himself in thought. Time, which had stopped at the age of 18, began to flow again.
Light and darkness, good and evil (1)
Buried in the bushes, Canis couldn’t lift a finger while the shockwave spread across her abdomen.
After realizing that Arin had a talent for telepathy, he intensively trained in dark physical magic.
Absorbing power was also physical power, and as such, the amount of shock absorption of the dark skin he cast was quite high. Even the hammer wielded by an adult was no more than a child’s punch in front of Dark Skin.
However, the power of the photon cannon that was taken by surprise was a destructive power that far exceeded expectations. Above all, it was impossible to analyze how light could contain physical force.
“Kikiki. You got it right, Canis.”
A muffled voice tickled my ears. No one could be seen on the mountain except Canis, but the voice was real.
“Harvey… … . What happened to me?”
“I don’t know. But what I feel is the mass. The mass, which flew at great speed, was lodged in the abdomen.”
“mass? Light has no mass.”
Since studying the properties of opposites is the basis of a battle mage, Canis also knew about the theory of photonization.
“Of course, light has no mass. But there is energy.”
In fact, photons in motion have an infinitesimal amount of mass. This is called kinetic mass, and a typical example is the solar wind.
“But that’s just a mathematical reduction. It’s like being hit by a club when a strong wind blows.”
“There is a point in what you said. But theoretically it’s possible. Then it is not impossible at all.”
“No, something is missing. To produce this much power, there must be something that connects mass and energy. But there is no such thing in the world.”
Harvey’s voice said plaintively.
“See if you found him.”
Canis didn’t respond. He and Harvey are distinctly different entities, but they also share thoughts. Harvey reluctantly admits that he must have read Canis’s displeasure.
“He’s a great guy. he’s a unique guy There must have been such talent at the magic school.”
Satisfied with that, Canis stood up. Accurately identifying the enemy’s skills was the first button to victory. The first nemesis I met. His body temperature seemed to rise.
“Can you win, Harvey?”
“Quack. Canis, if you want… … .”
A sullen voice penetrated the darkness.
“There’s never been a time we couldn’t win.”
Canis cast an unusually long shadow and returned to the top of the mountain where Sirone was.
* * *
Sirone stared into the darkness of the forest for a long time. She wasn’t sure Kanis had cast her darkskin, but the information that didn’t reach her brain and was only etched into her retina was sending her alert signals.
Canis parted through the woods and walked out. Nade frowned as Sirone’s prediction proved correct.
“shit. Are you really fine?”
“Nade. The sun has set.”
At night, the power of dark magic would be maximized, so Iruki cast lighting magic. It was far less bright than Fire Sun, so Nade helped. Two luminaries shone from 10 meters in the sky. However, given that the wizard was moving at high speed, it was still too much to engage in an all-out war.
“Sheesh. Is it still dark?”
At that moment, Canis cast lighting magic. The light magic cast by the dark mage made the two feel uncomfortable.
“What are you thinking? It’s lighting magic.”
“What is it? In any class, photonization theory is a must. It’s the basic principle of teleportation.”
“It’s not like that! Light must be a weakness for a dark mage, right? Why do you want to eat my flesh?”
“ha ha ha! Ha ha ha ha ha!”
Kanis burst into laughter.
“As expected, those from the magic school are stupid and stubborn. There is no magic in any class without weaknesses. The important thing is how to make up for your weaknesses. Lighting magic is to prove it. Arin, take another shot.”
As if it wasn’t groundless confidence, Arin, who had a prudent personality, obediently cast lighting magic.
When the four luminaries gathered, the brightness was quite the same as daytime. However, Canis was not satisfied and looked back at Sirone. A magician of light who uses unique powers. With his lighting magic, he could create the stage he wanted.
“Hey, can you shoot me too? I’m looking forward to it.”
Sirone didn’t know how to do lighting magic. While he made technological evolution from teleportation to rainbow drop, from photon output to photon cannon, he didn’t have time to invest in other magic.
“what? can’t you? It’s ridiculous. A wizard of light can’t even cast lighting magic.”
Sometimes it is. There are cases where the magic string stands out in one magic by getting a chance with a short topic. Something like a circus might be quite famous, but magic isn’t stunts, it’s murder. A type like Sirone, who could only do one thing on the battlefield full of all sorts of psychology and tactics, was perfect for dying.
“I was wrong. I thought it would be a good match, but it turned out to be nothing but a kid, right?”
The moment Canis finished speaking, a luminous object popped up above Sirone’s head. The light was bright enough to overshadow the others’ lighting magic.
Nade and Iruki stared blankly at it. I immediately cast the lighting magic I had never learned. His anger preceded the limitless insight.
Sirone strode into Canis’ spirit zone. He couldn’t forgive him for holding all the students hostage and talking about a good confrontation.
“Are you done now? You did what you wanted, so do whatever you want.”
Canis withdrew her earlier thoughts. He is not just a magician who is good at circuses. But does it matter? No matter how strong your opponent is, you are stronger. To prove that, the current situation was perfect.
“anything? You will regret it.”
As he cast the power of darkness, the shadow under his feet rushed towards Sirone like a torrent. After flying up into the sky, Sirone floated a photon on her palm. He thought he could do something great, but it was the same attack as the pattern so far.
‘Are you making me angry just to brag?’
As Sirone cast the photon cannon, Canis’ body shuddered and disappeared under the shadows. This one was a bit new, but it was just a movement magic learned from a book anyway. As they bombarded Canis, who appeared from all sides like a mole, the top of the mountain was razed to the ground.
‘Got it!’
After strategically analyzing Canis’ movement, Sirone fired a predictive shot where it could not be avoided. Canis appeared belatedly where the Photon Cannon fell. impossible to evade. In addition, it was a powerful force that could not be blocked even with dark skin.
Just when everyone thought it was over, a shadow stood up from under Canis’ feet. It looked like an elongated human shadow, and it received photon cannons in both hands and stomach. Photons caught between the palms were absorbed into the shadows with a pop.
Embarrassed, Sirone landed on the ground. The shadow destroyed the photon cannon. It meant that the darkness soon overpowered the light.
“Kikiki, a splendid appearance. How was I?”
“How can that be? The darkness swallows the light… … .”
Nade couldn’t believe it. No matter how strong the dark power was, he could not subdue the light. How would you feel if you lit a torch and your surroundings didn’t light up at all?
The monster body connected to Canis’s shadow did not interfere with its actions at all even while the lighting magic illuminated the ground.
While her face was small, her shoulders and chest were huge. Her waist was as thin as a tiger, and her arms were as long as those of a monkey. His palms were as broad as shields, and his fingers were as thin and long as blades. The fact that the body balance felt beautiful was proof that it was an artificial creation.
“Hey, didn’t I say it wasn’t a big deal? Hey, baby. The photons you shot tasted really good.”
When the shadow spoke, Sirone was speechless. In addition, the fact that he used the expression photon, not light, meant that he had intellectual abilities.
Canis introduced her own shadow.
“Essence of Dark Magic. He is the strongest magic creature harvester.”
“A magical creature?”
The essence of magic biology, a combination of alchemy and magic engineering. It was truly bizarre to see in real life what I had only seen in books. Moreover, it was an intelligent creature that had never been introduced in any book.
“Kikiki! Is that guy completely out of his mind? Why are you like this, like a villager seeing a magical creature for the first time?”
Harvest, who showed off his bold talk, shook his shoulders and laughed. Is it a frivolous, eccentric monster? No, it was an extremely human yet transcendent creature.
“Harvest is immune to light. It is also connected to my life. Unless I die, Harvey will not perish either.”
“Gorum, gorum! We are two and one! One and two! Of course, I have a more handsome face. Because it’s real! He’s so handsome, but there’s no way to show it. Kehehehe!”
Harvest joked, but Sirone had no time to pay attention to it. If it was immune to light, even the dark mage’s only shortcoming was gone.
‘I… … Can I win?’
So far, the location of Alpheas was not clear, let alone help from outsiders. After all, hundreds of lives were in the hands of those present here.
Canis was satisfied with Sirone’s flustered appearance. The effect of introducing Harvest after lighting magic was excellent. This was also Harvest’s strategy. The frivolous tone and attitude are perfect acting. In fact, Harvest was more intelligent than Canis. This is because he transferred all of Arcane’s knowledge. Even at this moment, Harvest was constantly exchanging brainwave patterns with Canis.
– Canis. Let’s go into the forest. We are at a disadvantage here.
– Can you follow me easily?
– It’s urgent over there. Besides, Lucas is quite strong. If we make him move, our side’s power will increase.
– I don’t like it. I don’t want to receive help from a child like that. If you hadn’t stopped it earlier, we would have had a fight.
– It’s for you, Canis. He’s strong and he’s not stupid. He is pushing you when you look at the total amount of figures alone. I can’t let you get caught up in a draining emotional battle.
Lucas was another face of the villains who harassed Canis in Radum. The thought that he needed help from such a person made his insides boil.
– Canis. Heart rate increased by 1.7 times. Increased adrenaline levels impair your judgment. I apologize if I offended you for what I said.
The consideration of the magical creature to prevent loss of combat power calmed Canis’ heart. As long as there was a cold and sober Harvest, he was confident that he would not lose to anyone.
– No, Harvey. Sorry. You are right. Let’s begin.
—————————————

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-830.txt
=============YYYYY=============
apostasy (3)
Ryan had a dream.
No, perhaps the signals contained in the gene stage were revealed as images through dreams.
Ymir looked down at Smille, who had completely transformed into a human form.
“Did he really go?”
The only injury sustained from his blow was a molar tooth.
If he was the main body, he could play it anytime, but he didn’t feel like doing it.
“I don’t feel relieved about this.”
The feeling of doing it was even more unpleasant than the futility that had destroyed so many weak people.
I wanted to fight until my whole body was smashed.
It was a fight that would make it difficult even to release all the power it had, spitting out blood and shouting evil.
If it were Ymir’s nemesis, he could count a few other than Ikael’s triangular Mara Ashur, but Ozent was the first one to confront him with power and force.
‘This world is too light.’
Ymir stretched out his hand toward the sun and squeezed it tightly, causing the air to shake from side to side.
“It doesn’t even feel real.” A world made of paper that crumbles the moment you touch it before you even savor your senses.
For him, a strong enemy was the only tool that could sharpen all his senses.
“Did you kill him?”
Cariel, who had been hit by Ogent, approached with a dusty body.
As the star light shone, the injured body quickly recovered, but the expression was not good.
“No, I fell asleep.”
“what do you mean?”
Ymir pointed at Smille.
“I reverse-evolved by collapsing the boundaries of living things. It went back to its original form and permeated the woman.”
“It is impossible.”
At the end of the cells converging through reverse evolution, there was Argones, who is called the father of living things.
“It is against the laws of Argones. No creature can become a mucus on its own.”
The featureless creature itself is called a Yucus.
“It is impossible.”
Ymir nodded meekly.
“But we have reached beyond the impossible. A shape is just a shadow of a specific signal. As long as the sun is up… …
As Ymir trampled on his shadow, the ground sank with a thump.
“Shadows are indestructible.”
It only transforms.
“This is the reason why I was able to reach Apostasy with a mere human body. It’s not a shadow to break him… … Ymir looked up at the sky. “You have to break the sun.”
Kariel, who was lost in thought for a moment, opened her cold eyes and approached Smille.
“It’s better.”
Anyway, the element of apostasy disappeared by itself, and there is no more danger if you kill Smille.
“I will kill this woman.”
There was no need to use angelic magic, just cut off the head.
“wait.”
Ymir stopped Kariel.
“She cannot be killed.” The reason he made such a promise with Ozent was to come back someday and compete for supremacy with her.
“Don’t be c*cky, Ymir.”
Kariel’s eyes lit up.
“You, too, have already violated the principle of apostasy. You will be severely punished if you stop me from doing what Anchera has instructed you to do.”
“doesn’t care.”
The area where Augent had hit him still throbbed.
“For the time being, anything I do seems futile.”
Kariel’s face was distorted at the sight of lightly accepting the archangel’s killing blow.
“Sheesh!”
But in the end I had no choice but to turn around.
Unlike Ogent, there was no chance of victory for a giant who reached the abolition with pure force alone.
‘Right now, only Ra can stop Ymir.’
As she watched Kariel walk away, Smille opened her eyes with a small moan.
tto uh”
?? 丁that?
After tossing and turning for a while, she opened her eyes and saw Ymir’s face 3 meters high, and jumped up.
“brother!”
Ogent was nowhere to be seen.
Realizing that she was naked, she stepped back and glared at Ymir.
“Who are you?”
“The King of Giants.”
Thinking that he couldn’t explain the current situation, Smille finally asked.
” brother is?”
“You have already died once.”
Ymir told Smille about Ogent’s whereabouts while he was imprisoned.
“… … That’s how you were able to survive. Cherish the life he inherited.”
“Brother… …
Smille stroked her stomach.
In a sense, this is also an anecdote, but I didn’t feel scared or disliked.
‘My brother is inside me.’
forever together.
“What are you going to do now? Follow me if you want to go to heaven. I will protect you until then.”
Smille shook her head.
“no. I will stay here.”
“Are you going to stay?”
It seemed that mankind existed at the time when it was seen from the sky, but it must have been a completely different society from heaven.
“Are you serious? I don’t know if I’ll ever be able to come back. You are leaving your family and your hometown.”
“no. A new life begins.”
Smille looked across the forest.
“My name is Smille.”
After thinking for a moment, he turned to Ymir with a smile.
“This is August Smille.”
Seeing the sincerity in her eyes, Ymir nodded and turned around.
“We will meet again someday.” As Ymir enters the forest, a bat chases him high in the sky.
did
‘It’s a strange dream.’
Rian woke up from the dream and slowly opened her eyes feeling her body as heavy as a thousand pounds.
The blade was falling towards my neck.
‘ what!’
I reflexively raised my hand to block it, and a sharp sword came in, slashing my forearm.
“Huh!”
The muscles twisted like a whirlpool and bit the blade.
Although he escaped amputation, the sight that came to Lian’s eyes, who regained consciousness, was shocking.
The Hunters were fighting against numerous soldiers, and Xenia was also facing them wielding a Dark Blade.
“Lian!”
At the same time as Xenia shouted, the Zive soldiers hurled their spears at Lian.
The moment the tips of the seven spears entered Lian’s body, the middle of the spearheads swelled like a balloon and split apart.
“Uh, how… …
Is it possible to block iron with a human body?
Lian, who was glaring at the frightened soldiers, twisted his nose and kicked out of bed.
‘Where’s the sword?’
<Idea> was not visible.
“Attack everyone! Kill me no matter what!”
When the captain shouted, all the soldiers who were fighting the Hunters rushed at Lian.
“joy!”
Lian snorted and punched, and the soldiers’ armor caved in and broke their bones.
“Gagging!”
As the soldiers spread out in all directions, as if there was an explosion in the center, Xenia approached.
“What happened? No matter how much I screamed, he didn’t wake up! You slept for three days.”
“3 days?”
No matter how tough the battle was, his mental strength was not weak enough to spread throughout the three days.
‘Wasn’t it a dream?’
It must have been a forced cessation of consciousness.
“My sword?”
Xenia said with a sad expression.
“They stole it. You passed out and the security forces moved you here. But for some reason, a large army came in this morning and is trying to kill you.”
“Great army?”
Lian’s eyes narrowed as she stared at the cabin door.
I couldn’t hear it, but the lifeblood stabbing in from outside the door was really strong.
When Lian opened the door and walked out slowly, 30 of Jive’s guards, ‘Shinjang’, were lined up.
Beyond that, 1,000 soldiers completely surrounded the cabin.
“Lian??????
Marshal Venoff was holding <Idea>.
“Why are you trying to kill me?”
There is only one reason.
Because it is too strong.
“Rian, I acknowledge your credit for killing the vampire, but you did too much damage in the process.”
It was just a roundabout word.
To King Mayer, vampires were powerful enough to shake the foundation of the country, and if they could be eliminated, he would have turned a blind eye to the number of victims.
However, the spectacle that Rian created during the raid on the vampire’s hideout was not something humans could do. Nevertheless, the reason why it took two days was because there was an opinion to bring Lian to their country.
Benoff was one of them, but in the end Mayer made the decision to ‘kill while I can.’
Although Lian fought in a half-trance state, he was unaware of their intentions.
“Please return the sword.”
When Lian took a step, the 20 taller man twisted his back in the same position and gripped the handle of the sword.
‘strong.’
They were literally the 1st army guards representing the kingdom, on a different level from the kidneys suffered at the Colosseum.
“Are you going to kill me?”
The energy exuded by the best swordsmen was enough to suffocate just by touching it, but Lian calmly moved on.
‘Group living, did you pierce the sun?’
The eyebrows of Saleh, the commander of the 1st Army Guards, twitched.
“Is that Jive’s judgment? Even though there will be a war with the demons in the future, killing me?”
“Because it is war.”
Saleh said.
“The Gustav Empire absorbed and integrated the demons. The future to come is a bloody war. The balance of the world is disrupted and the existing system collapses. The great powers so far will perish, and maybe… … A kingdom that was only a weak country could rise rapidly.”
Jive was a great power, and Lian without it would be a threat to their country in some way.
“Even if the world perishes, you’re saying you’re going to protect only Jive?”
“That is the king. And we are soldiers following the king’s orders.”
As the life force called the sun became dense, the hunters in the back hesitantly retreated.
‘It feels like my skin is burning.’ Saleh tightened his throat and said.
“This is your last chance. Abandon Tormia and enter Jive. We promise unconventional treatment enough to break the precedent of history.”
“Of course I am a citizen of Tormia. But I will not fight for Tormia.”
“… … Do you think you can get away with it that way?”
“Because it is true. I don’t judge anything. My destination is only pure strength. And being able to wield it…
The air shook at Maha’s law.
“Only my lord, Arian Sirone.”
Go see Sirone.
“Give me your sword. It doesn’t matter if you’re a human or a demon. I will cut down whoever gets in my way.”
Realizing that he meant it, Saleh reached out to Benoff and said,
“Give me the sword.”
After examining the <Idea> he received from Venoff, he threw it to Lian.
“Captain! Your Highness… …
“Be quite.”
Saleh moved to Lian.
“We are desperate enough to attack a sleeping prosecutor. The king’s name is absolute. He must take your neck.”
It was probably impossible.
“so… …
“no way! Captain!”
At the same time as the members shouted, Saleh took the posture of Baldo, revealing a perfect life.
‘Finish it with me.’
As Jive’s strongest swordsmanship unfolded, a vertical flash of light flew towards Lian.
And another light that divided the flash into two up and down was born into the world.
“Daejaaaaang!”
With one step Lian took, the ground split open with a thump, and Saleh’s neck was cut cleanly.
“Whoa.”
The eyes of Lian, who created another death, were just calmly shining.
‘There is no hesitation. I just take responsibility for all deaths.’
“You son of a bitch!”
Just as Xinjiang’s members were about to leave, the unit commander raised his hand to stop them.
“stop! This is over!”
Even though his eyes were bloodshot, he couldn’t abandon Saleh’s will.
“We are going back. I’ll give you half a day. Until then, if you still remain in Jive… …
The unit commander bit his teeth and turned around.
“I will kill you even if I sell my soul.”
When Xinjiang, who had collected Saleh’s body, left, a thousand troops rushed out.
“Rian, are you okay?”
Lian smiled and patted Xenia on the shoulder as she entered the cabin.
‘Go, Sirone.’

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-831.txt
=============YYYYY=============
apostasy (4)
After entering the cabin, Lian simply packed up and prepared to leave.
“What are you guys going to do?”
Now, the Jive soldiers have retreated, but after Lian leaves, even the hunters cannot guarantee their lives.
“There are no vampires anymore.”
Even though not one Lord had awakened from hibernation yet, Xenia was confident that she would not be taken away.
“I will gather hunters and organize a death squad.
going to be. I will not leave a single vampire in this world.”
When that happened, Xenia and the Hunters would finally be able to live in this world.
“Yes, be careful.”
“You are. It’s not just Jive that’s targeting you. Maybe we have to fight against the whole world.”
Ryan smiled confidently.
“doesn’t care. It’s something you’ve been waiting for.”
Since he had already seen his inaction before his eyes, further words would be nagging.
“Lian??????
I was sure that each of us would go our separate ways, but we would never see each other again.
“How about going together?”
Xenia mustered up the courage to speak up.
“Come with us. The captain of Xinjiang said that there would be a big war in the future. Why don’t we join forces and fight together?”
Lian shook her head.
“I have a place to go.”
Xenia remembered what Lian had said the other day.
“Who do you really want to protect? You said that person is much stronger than you.”
“of course. But now I can be your strength. and… …
Lian looked back at the sunset.
“It’s going to be very difficult right now.”
Unlike Lian, who was able to throw everything in order to become stronger, Sirone has to protect many things.
Now was the time to share the hardships as Sirone’s sword.
“The descendants of Jin Horses have disappeared, but there are still countless horses in the world.”
Rian said, putting her shoulder on the shoulder.
“Let’s meet on the battlefield.”
At the words with many meanings, Xenia smiled and punched him in the chest.
“Don’t break too much.”
It is unpredictable, but Lian nodded and left the Hunters’ hideout.
‘I was going to go back to my hometown… … The place where the strongest swordsman was heading was the Ivory Tower.
heaven.
After the war that resulted in the sacrifice of countless angels, the appearance of Anke was hidden.
It was Archangel Ichael who had been entrusted with full powers, but she had been silent for a very long time.
Then one day, Nane’s voice reached me.
– I grant the apostasy of all beings.
Angels, maras, fairies, giants, and immortals all knew how it would affect Heaven.
And now, for the first time since the end of the war, the meeting of the archangels, the White Watch, was held.
The archangels gathered in the pure white space were Ichael and Uriel, Satiel and Rayel.
“It was cut in half exactly.”
The archangels tightly shut their mouths at Uriel’s words.
The concept of the eight sources that sustain this world.
But now each of them has lost his exact counterpart.
Amplification lost extinction, destruction lost birth, disintegration lost union, and light let go of gravity.
Rayel, the archangel of light, asked.
“In order for the archangel to be resurrected, Ankera’s ability is absolutely necessary. But now it is not called. Why did you summon half a hundred whales?” “Ymir broke the ice barrier.” At Ikael’s words, the heavenly body of the angels stiffened.
“special… … Didn’t I say that the law works?”
As far as Satiel knew, Niflheim’s icy sea was a world of absolute immobility where even the soul was frozen.
“It wasn’t a place to confine Ymir anyway. It is not because of Anchera that he has been quiet.”
said Uriel.
“Because it doesn’t make any sense.”
If there is no target enough to destroy itself, Ymir doesn’t have to do anything either.
Rayel looked back at Uriel.
“Then, now, do you mean that you have a meaning?”
“Something is happening. Somewhere other than heaven.”
Ikael was the only one who could answer, but she just kept her mouth shut.
“so… …
After a while, the moment Satiel opened his mouth, the space of the white whale began to vibrate.
“what?”
The asteroids of the archangels expanded into halos, and their sharp eyes scanned the surroundings.
“You’re here.”
Only Ikael was calm, but her eyes were cold, unlike usual.
As the vibration intensified, two hands burst into Baek Kyung’s space.
Satiel jumped up.
“Who are you!”
Baekkyung is a place that was born from the gathering of the purest minds that only archangels possess.
No impurity could break through and enter the spirit.
“Big!”
As the clumsy hands opened the space between the white mirrors, the angelic bodies of light swayed from side to side.
“Who is that?”
The voice finally came in, and at that point everyone realized.
“Me right away.”
Ymir, the king of giants, pushed himself inside, tearing open the white watch.
“Huh!”
The wall healed in an instant, but the infiltration of a foreign substance called Ymir was extremely unpleasant to the angel.
“Are you crazy, Ymir?”
The reason why it can physically impact the spirit of an angel is that Ymir is a Gaian bond.
To him, power was pure energy itself beyond the brute force of living things.
“I knew you would be here.”
Ignoring Uriel’s provocation, Ymir turned to Ikael.
“No matter how many times I call, there is no answer.” Finally, Ikael’s lips opened.
“Why did you ask to see me?”
“War.”
Ymir approached Ikael.
“Let me go. Can you do it?”
The man-made organization called Zion was still defending against the invasion of Heaven.
Of course, the one with the strongest defense was Adrias Miro, who guarded Miro’s time and space.
“Don’t be c*cky, Ymir.” Ymir’s eyebrows twitched.
“I know what you are thinking. But it is unacceptable to start a war for your personal reasons.”
“For personal reasons.”
Ymir put his hand on Ikael’s shoulder.
Three angels rose at the same time and tried to kill him, but Ymir’s words came first.
“Isn’t that the same for you?”
Satiel was the first to dispel his hostility, and the other two archangels also turned to Ikael.
“Ankera’s Akashic Records passed to Nane. Then Heaven must find me as soon as possible. Still, you can’t decide.”
Ikael couldn’t resist.
‘Sirone.’
A child with the will of a Guffin.
“I know roughly through Suoi. Ikael, you… … Did you get your memory back?”
Anke Ra erased Ichael’s sins, but restored all his memories with great amplification.
“That’s why I can’t go. well, that’s good But there is one thing I want to hear. Why did you give birth to a human child?”
With the three archangels taking their seats again, Ikael was obliged to answer.
Satiel glared at Ikael with hostility.
‘I also loved Guffin.’
I didn’t know who Guffin was anymore, but the longing for him was still in my mind.
‘But even so, having a child is unimaginable.’ Angel concept.
As ideas themselves, there was no reason for them to have human children who were only shadows.
“First of all, Sirone is not my child.”
Ikael said as if proclaiming.
“The child is already dead. at birth. She was not even given a name.”
“But it wouldn’t be unrelated, would it?”
Ikael didn’t say anything about it.
“The reason why Ankera banned apostasy… … Because no one should know the secrets of this world.”
“Are there any secrets we don’t know about?”
“So it’s a secret. Even Ankera. It’s something you shouldn’t even approach.”
Ikael raised his index finger.
“We are concepts, and therefore we exist forever. On the other hand, humans are material and mortal. Accordingly, they are subject to us, and are subject for eternal life.”
It was the law of heaven.
“But what if the other way around?”
“the opposite?”
“In fact, we were created by humans, and what if humans are the ones who have realized the secret of eternal life?”
The celestial body of the archangels shook.
“Maybe we just exist by human convenience. They are nothing more than accessories that support this world. If so, what happens?”
Baek Kyung’s atmosphere became tense as if it were about to explode.
“We become mortal. When this world closes, it becomes nothing. Conversely… …
Ikael looked back at everyone and said.
“Humans are gods.”
Satiel jumped to her feet.
“What nonsense is that! Are those weak humans gods? It’s human beings who struggle because they hate this world!”
“That’s why it can be broken.”
“ah??????
Satiel backed away.
“Apostasy is an exception to the rule. Some humans disregard certain rules of this world. And that would not be possible without the world outside.”
Ekael’s face was filled with longing.
“This is the Guffin hypothesis.”
Satiel bit her lip.
“Guffin.”
“I don’t know. As the archangel, I fought fiercely against the Guffin. But he listened to him and thought about it. If it’s just a piece of information, why do we even exist?”
“So the child?”
“only… … I just wanted to continue.”
Like the Gaians who broke away from the photon world.
“But I couldn’t.”
The child died, and Ikael, who had committed the high treason of Anke, recovered all his powers.
Ikael, who escaped from the flashback, informed everyone again with a solemn face.
“Ankera never allowed an apostasy. Even right before Heaven is destroyed.”
But now things have changed.
“Anke Ra asked Hexa. How can I not be a god? But Hexa’s answer was different from what I expected. Even though he came from outside, he wants to protect this world.”
Maybe it’s because it’s from outside.
said Leil.
“That’s why Ra chose me.”
Nane is an existence that wants to go out from the inside.
“At first I waited. Because we believed he would lead us out. But it was blocked by Hexa’s barrier.”
“There’s a lot of talk about what it is and what it is.”
Ymir said curtly.
“In the end, you have to go. Either destroy all humans or follow me outside.”
“There is Satan.”
existence outside the law.
Satan, who was born from the flow of all human chaos, was the worst enemy of angels.
“But you allowed me to abort.” said Uriel.
“I’m not being taken care of like I used to be.”
Ray El, who had been listening to the story until now, turned to Ikael and said.
“Now is the time to make a decision. If anyone except Nane succeeds in this world, there is no future for Heaven.”
Ikael knows that she has to go eventually, but the reason she is still conflicted is… … .
‘Sirone.’
When he went to the office, he inevitably had to collide with Hexa.
While everyone was waiting for Ikael’s judgment, she closed her eyes and was lost in thought.
“Form an army.” Heaven began to move.

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-832.txt
=============YYYYY=============
Great convocation of the ivory tower (1)
Ivory Tower 400 floors.
The natural scenery on the 400th floor was quiet even now, when the war with the demons was in full swing.
In the artificially realized natural landscape, people planted seeds and prepared for a hopeful tomorrow.
‘I was defeated.’
In the red-roofed house on the outskirts of the village, Sirone was lost in meditation.
‘I lost.’
As the plan to assassinate Havitz through <Law Kill> failed, the world headed for catastrophe.
The death toll from the demons was already running towards 1 million, and Sirone felt responsible for that.
‘Why did I lose?’
The point where the thoughts reached the tail after tail was, after all, because of one’s own weakness.
The holy light of Yahweh covers her face, but it is not in the shape of a beautiful sphere.
‘I have to endure it.’
The spirit of fraternity that loves all things equally.
‘I have to accept everything.’
I realized it with my head, but it was not a human domain to calm the anger inside.
When the mind is inclined to one side or the other, the spirit is twisted and the realm is broken.
‘The mind must move.’
If it went beyond calculation and became fraternity itself, Sirone would finally gain complete freedom.
“Huh!”
It doesn’t seem possible.
‘You must forgive. I have to hug you.’
Like Sirone’s flowing tears, the drops of Yahweh’s light drip down as if burning.
it was falling
“Exterminate humans!”
With Habitz absorbing the army of Hell, the Gustav Empire became the world’s most powerful military power both in name and reality.
According to the characteristics of the demons, King Sumodo reorganized an army worth 1 billion.
And now, under the Balkan plan, 50 million troops were on their way to Kashan’s imperial castle.
“Isn’t this too easy? It’s no fun.”
It was at the level of a whole nation moving, and no human army could stop them.
In a huge car pulled by Maranka, the monster of the underworld, all the four skills of Havitz and Gustaf were gathered.
“Uorin.”
The Emperor of the Empire does not have to be on the battlefield, but if the occupying power is Kashan, that’s a different story.
“I can’t wait to see what kind of expression he will make when he captures the imperial castle.”
From the chariot open on all sides, Havitz looked at the armies of hell that filled the sky and the earth.
It was a procession that was possible because they were not human.
“It is Satan!”
A demon with a red tail and wings approached the flying unit with a trident in front.
He was a messenger who had learned human language.
“We have occupied Benaford, a commercial city in Kashan.”
Benaford was a wealthy town 40 kilometers from here.
Vulcan gave instructions on behalf of Havitz.
“I will stay there tonight. You guys don’t stop and keep moving forward.”
As the messenger immediately followed the order and left, Vulcan turned to Havitz and said.
“With this, you have eaten a third of Kashan’s territory. It’s time to make a quick decision.”
Occupying half of Kashan’s territory opens the way to invade the Central Continent.
Sumodo said.
“Jive, Molton, and Borna facing the border with Kashan.] These three countries will become the gateway. If you penetrate here, you can eat the Central 21 Kingdoms as well as the Southern Continent without any roughness.”
“I’m going to Uorin.”
Vulcan sighed at Havitz’s instructions, who had no interest in strategy, tactics, or even war.
“Then split the troops. An army of 10 million from Benaford will attack Kashan, and the rest of the army will move south.”
Natya looked back curiously.
“40 million in the Central Continent?”
“There is no movement of the temple yet. Perhaps he was planning a final stand on the borders of the Central Continent. Even 10 million troops can eat enough Kashan.”
If that was what the Balkans were saying, there was no one to dispute, and Havitz’s troops arrived at Benaford that night.
Once one of the three most prosperous cities in Kashan was devastatingly destroyed.
Havitz, who had set up a barracks in the area where the building collapsed, called the rulers of the city.
Twenty high-ranking nobles, including the mayor, were dragged out one after another while being tied to ropes.
Already aware of Havitz’s tendencies, their faces were pale and their eyes were full of fear.
‘I’m going to die anyway. That’s not scary.’
They couldn’t even imagine how this madman would torment them.
“I’ll spare half of you.”
When Havitz spoke nonchalantly, everyone raised their heads in disbelief.
‘half? half?’
1 out of 2 people.
It was a probability that he could expect to die, but there was no way he would get caught.
“I will torture the other half instead.” The nobles’ shoulders trembled because it wouldn’t be torture to find out something.
“Raise your hand if you want to live.” At first, no one raised a hand.
Shame on begging for your life, buying time to analyze the situation.
‘I’m going to die anyway. It’s right to gamble.’
When the three quick-witted people raised their hands at the same time, the rest looked back as if their heads would break.
Their eyes were mixed with bewilderment, anger, and perhaps a vague expectation that they would die.
“Free me.”
At Havitz’s instruction, a soldier untied the ropes of the three men and lifted them up.
“Leave. You are free.”
The faces of the remaining 17 people turned gray.
“He said he would spare half of them.”
There are 7 people who can live now, and all of them who saw hope raised their hands.
“Please save me! I have children!”
“I must live! I will do anything for Habitz-sama!”
Habitz, who had been listening to their clamor for a while, reached out his hand to Zetaro.
Then, he took over two dice and threw them to the person sitting on the far left.
“From now on, we throw dice in pairs. The person with the higher number is free.”
“uh… …
The nobleman, who was looking down at the dice that fell in front of his lap, raised his head with a dazed expression.
“Roll it.”
Stunned by Havitz’s short words, he rolled the dice with trembling hands.
“Huhhhh!”
The number made by two six-sided dice is 7 by adding 3 and 4.
“next. the person next to you.”
The person who knelt beside him, unable to even meet his eyes, grabbed the dice.
The time it took for the dice thrown by my trembling hands to roll on the floor felt like an eternity.
“Ahhh… …
The number on the dice is 6 plus 2 to get 8. “Aaaaaaaa!”
The man with the 8 screamed, and the man with the 7 fell unconscious.
“This is nonsense.”
A game of nothing but dice, and even that, one’s fate cannot be determined by a mere one difference.
“Just give me one more chance!”
“Take it. Torture until you die.” He couldn’t accept his life until he was captured by his soldiers and released from the barracks.
“please! Please give me one more chance!” Vulcan smiled bitterly.
‘This is the truth of the world. There’s nothing I can do except roll the dice.’
Human free will is at best that much.
‘But some people get out of the yoke of the law and carry out their own will.’
At least they weren’t here.
“next. roll it.”
The dice continued to pass to the person next to them, and shouts of cheer and screams of despair erupted over and over again.
“There is one person left?”
Because three people raised their hands and went out, the remaining one had no opponent to engage in a dice showdown.
“Oh, please… … have mercy… …
Havitz, who was watching the noble who feared he would not get even a half chance, rose from his seat.
“You can do it with me.”
“yes? My, how could I come to His Majesty the Emperor… …
Harvits, who sat down in front of the nobleman, handed over the dice and said,
“What does that matter? I really wanted to try it. If you defeat me, you will become emperor. And I… … Hmmm.”
Havitz, who was looking around, said to his tarot.
“okay. Jetaro, you kill me.” Balkan said.
“Your Majesty, such a proposal… …
Before he could finish his words, Zetaro held his belly button and laughed.
“Puhahaha! All right! It’s a completely thrilling match. Then let me referee.”
As Zetaro approached Havits and raised his sword as if to cut his throat, the terrified nobleman’s pupils rolled upward.
‘Crazy guys. It’s not normal.’
“Roll it. It’s a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity.”
The atmosphere in the barracks became tense as if it was about to explode, and that’s why it was the most fun game ever.
“please. please just once… …
The aristocrat with convulsions all over threw two dice while closing his eyes.
The air froze for an instant, and the nobleman who quietly opened his eyes opened his mouth in disbelief.
“iced coffee! Ahhh!”
The number on the die is 6 plus 6 to get 12.
‘It’s a miracle! Oh God! thank you!’
While the Havitz executives were making serious faces, Zetaro burst into laughter.
“Puhahaha! What are you going to do now? Surely you won’t reverse what the emperor said?”
Like any other emperor, he would slit Zetaro’s throat, but Habitz smiled instead.
‘As expected, you are the best.’
the most fun
“Now it is my turn.”
It was Havitz who truly risked his life, but there was no hesitation in the action of throwing the dice.
“Eight.”
Everyone’s eyes followed the dice.
When the number 12 was obtained by adding 6 to 6, saliva dripped from the stunned nobleman’s mouth.
“It’s a tie. Once more.”
“Huh.”
The aristocrat, who was crying like a child, grabbed the dice while shedding tears.
The crying didn’t stop.
“Aww. Aaaaaa.”
Two dice flowed down the palm of my hand as my nerves, which had been shocked, jumped freely.
The result is 12 by adding 6 to 6 again. Aaaaaa! Aaaaaa!” The half-mad nobleman screamed in succession with tears running down his nose.
Balkan’s eyes finally became bitter.
‘There is no manipulation on the dice. But 12 came up three times in a row. It’s an independent case, but this… …
Harvits snatched the dice.
“It’s quite the way. Then what about this time?” Two dice fly through the air without hesitation
oh it fell
“Wow!”
The soldiers who were nervous enough to suffocate glared at the dice and shouted.
“Twelve! It’s 12 again!”
There is nothing impossible in probability, but it was never a situation that could be encountered often in life.
“please… … Please save me.”
The nobles begged, but Havitz was adamant.
“Roll it.”
His body was already in a state of exhaustion, but he threw the dice in hopes of a final miracle.
Add 1 and 2 to get 3.
“Then is it my turn this time?” As Harvits swept his dice, the noble shuddered and opened his mouth wide.
“Kwaeeee!”
A gourd of blood gushed out of his eyes and he fell forward.
Zetaro confirmed the condition.
“I am out of breath.”
“Sorry. I was trying to save you.” Returning to his seat, Havitz patted his leg with a disgusted look on his face.
“Bored. Anything interesting?”
By the next morning, 20,000 of Benaford’s surviving citizens had been horribly murdered.
‘Forgive me. love you.’
Tears of blood flowed from Shirone’s eyes as he had been immersed in meditation for 30 hours.
I couldn’t contain my anger any longer.
‘no. I can’t be shaken.’ The battle between philanthropy and anger was a tightrope that could destroy her spirit even for a moment.
“Huh”
Blood dripped from her closed eyes, nose, and lips, making her clothes damp.
‘Be patient. I’ll even swallow my anger.’ The light of Yahweh began to drip like candle wax.

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-833.txt
=============YYYYY=============
Great convocation of the ivory tower (2)
The Havitz army left Benaford and continued to advance toward the capital of Western Jin and Kashan.
It was a procession without any roughness, but the expression of the Balkan sitting in the military seat was meaningful.
The two dice kept spinning in his hand, and his eyes were indifferent to external stimuli.
“What are you thinking?” Natasha asked, but got no answer.
’12 came out four times in a row.’ Vulcan opened his mouth.
“Do you think Harvits received preferential treatment?”
Sumodo and Zetaro expressed interest in whether there was something to understand from his words.
“You mean the dice game last night?”
“okay. It’s not magic or trickery. Havits almost died yesterday with a high probability.”
Sumodo said.
“Maybe the world still wants to keep him alive.”
“No, rather the opposite.”
Vulcan thought differently.
“The world doesn’t particularly care about anyone. It’s a foolish way of thinking if you were chosen because the same number came out several times on the dice. There are even lower odds than that. The odds of a single sperm fertilizing an egg are one in billions. But that doesn’t mean we’re chosen.”
Zetaro grasped the point.
“I feel like I was chosen because the results came out like that.”
“If you think about it, Harvits has always been like that. So let’s reverse the thinking. Harvits is not lucky, but because he is still alive, Harvits is justice.
It will work.”
Sumodo said.
“It’s not like a miracle.” Vulcan nodded.
“Havitz could have died yesterday. And if he’s dead, we’re not even thinking about it now. Just like that, the history of Harvits would end. But he lived, and he created a story that would later become part of a legend.”
Sumodo, who was lost in thought, asked.
“Time is… … What is it?”
“The law that advances this world. Therefore, those who are bound by the law can never turn back. Of course, I heard that the Five Great Stars of the Ivory Tower destroy time.”
Vulcan followed the explanation.
“I don’t know if it has already been decided. In the end, the question we need to think about is whether Havitz still exists at the end of time.”
Natasha asked.
“How do you know?”
“Nobody can tell. It may be the result of passing a few dramatic hurdles and dying in vain… …
Havitz became Satan.
“Perfect chaos. Beings outside the law cannot be killed by using any phenomenon in this world. It’s a miracle, but it’s not like a shield or something suddenly appears. We have already reached that result.”
“Are you saying that stopping <Slaughter> and yesterday’s dice game were nothing more than advancing the events that were set in the first place?”
“okay. It can be said to be a kind of apostasy in that it is outside the law. He has an army of hell under his command, but there are many strong people even among humans. Especially crowded in the ivory tower. But we know the future of Havitz.”
never die
“No matter what happens, no matter what stupid and heinous gambles he takes, Harvits will not die. What Havitz has is not brute force, but the unchanging future itself. We should make full use of this. And if my hypothesis is true… …
Vulcan looked over the horizon.
“We will win this war.”
Twelve Mini, a 2-star resident of the Ivory Tower, found the 400th floor where Sirone is resting.
Normally, he maintains a small body shape that can fit in the palm of his hand, but today he maintained a normal proportion.
With glossy black hair and a neat suit, her expression was different from usual.
“The ivory tower muster. I am first.” The biggest meeting where all the major figures of the Ivory Tower gather under the direction of Taeseong.
As far as Mini knows, the last great meeting was right after the 20 judges had gone into the dimensional wall of Miro.
said a woman with curly blonde hair tied back, walking beside Minnie.
It was Minnie’s satellite Ariana.
“I have heard from Mr. Araka. I heard that the power struggle was fierce in the five departments at the time.”
It wasn’t that fierce, but the ivory tower almost collapsed.
“It is quite predictable. Those who received the title of star are all single-minded. In the case of Borbor, strictly speaking, he is a single-minded person who is not a single-minded person.”
Ariana propped her head with both hands.
“That’s why it’s annoying. A gathering of all the stars. Even to the satellite. He said it wouldn’t be strange if the ivory tower were turned upside down. What is Taeseong thinking?”
“That’s not to say the situation isn’t good. Anyway, we also have to assist Mr. Sirone so that other departments do not overwhelm him.” Ariana snorted her snort.
“Hey, you said you were twenty-two? I honestly don’t understand. How do you become the Five Stars of the Ivory Tower as soon as you graduate from magic school? If it’s Mr. Mahagaruta, my predecessor, I’ll admit it, but… …
Minnie paid attention.
“Ariana, this is the honor of the United Space Management Department. And Maha is as great as Mr. Ruta. He said he was the one who single-handedly stopped Nane.”
“I know that you are one of the four superhumans of the law. But Fraternity, do you think that is what the world needs right now?”
“There must be a problem we can’t deal with. For example, operating at the limit of the law… …
Ariana was impatient.
“Oh, I don’t know. I’m here because I like playing ‘fair’ with you. If it’s no big deal, I’ll blow it up with a drop kick. Then tag you and hit the ground with a double black backdrop, hee hee hee.”
She was a good enough woman.
“Besides, this makes me feel bad. The other departments are busy with the call-up orders, and you even have to pick them up, don’t they? You just received the title of a star, aren’t you being too arrogant?”
Mini was also suspicious about that.
“I’m not that kind of person, what’s going on?”
I arrived at Sirone’s house, but I didn’t even feel the usual presence at the door.
“Isn’t it? I told you to go here.” When she knocked and got no response, Minnie opened the door and entered, exchanging glances with Ariana.
“Excuse me… …
The moment she saw the sight in front of her eyes, her face turned pale.
“Oh Dae-sung!”
Tears of blood flowed endlessly from the eyes of Sirone standing in the middle of the floor.
While the floor was covered with blood, Minnie hurriedly moved on.
“Sirone! How did this happen?”
Sirone didn’t answer.
He was just clenching his fists and staring terribly forward with red eyes.
“Sirone-san… … !”
The time when he was about to touch Sirone. said Ariana.
“stop. Leave it alone.”
“But if you leave it like this, it will bleed… …
“calm down. Come over here and take a closer look.”
At Ariana’s words, Minnie slowly backed away.
Holy radiance dripped down like water droplets from Sirone’s body.
“It’s purifying.”
“Purification? what?”
“anger. I’m trying to get rid of even the smallest bit of anger that resides deep inside me.”
Minnie shook her head.
“He is a cool enough person. Now that you have reached the level of philanthropy, what is there to be angry about?”
“That’s why you go through this miserable process.”
Ariana looked down at the pool of blood on the floor.
“Even if you are a superhuman, you are still human. There are people I love, and there are things I want to do. Sacrificing for the world? It is the most distant feeling from humans.”
“… … How long have you been like this?”
It was a week ago that the order for a large convocation was issued, so at least it had to be seen that he was possessed by anguish longer than that.
“I guess you can’t hear anything.”
“I lost my temper in anger. I am purifying it to the realm of Yahweh, but if I fail, I will die.”
“Then you have to live!”
“But if I could come back, I would enter a completely different realm from the current Yahweh.”
Minnie shut her mouth.
“I heard that the <Slaughter> project failed. Might be responsible for that. Or, it could be the horror of those who couldn’t protect their loved ones in a world facing catastrophe.”
“I heard you have a lover.”
“The reason I was able to accept the idea of fraternity was because of the hope that I could win. But when hope disappears, I have doubts about why only I have to suffer like this. They are consumed by the wrath of cowardice and destroy themselves.”
“In other words, there is no hope.”
There is no way to overcome the atrocities.
It was said that the upper layers of the ivory tower also guessed the concept of the fixed and unchanging future that Balkan had talked about.
“It must be in line with this great convocation. I’m still trying to fight. To become stronger.”
“What purifies anger?”
“When you realize with your head and act, human beings
is undefined. But the heart is different. He wants to go beyond the realm and truly become Yahweh. And at that point, Ariana got to the point.
“It can be said that it is the Five Stars we respect.”
Mini looked at Sirone with a pitiful expression.
‘ please.’
The blood, the pain, and the flowing brilliance were the tears flowing from Sirone’s heart.
how much time has passed
The spheres of light that flowed down from Sirone’s head began to unravel.
“what?”
And finally, it poured down all over his body, covering his body with a bright glow.
‘Ah, that’s right.’
The color of the blood flowing from his eyes gradually became transparent and changed to tears.
‘This world is not beautiful.’
Anyone who says it’s beautiful is just throwing the dice well and getting a high number.
But even that was nothing more than an occasional stroke of luck on a ruthless gambling table.
‘Now I know, it’s me.’
I am defeated by Gaold.
The reason why he allowed all beings to abdicate until he let go of Buddha.
‘You don’t live because you’re beautiful. To make it beautiful.’
if that’s really possible.
It meant that if you believe that you can realize your ideals in this hellish world, you should break the rules and go to the end.
‘That’s why we fight.’
Accept Nane’s enlightenment and go to a higher level.
Everyone is suffering anyway, so even separating you and me is meaningless.
‘All things are integrated.’
just one universe.
As if burning the body, a light filled with love and mercy rose from Sirone’s entire body.
“Oh, Daesung Oh… …
Minnie and Ariana took a step back.
As the rage of cowardice dissipated in an instant, Sirone’s eyes flashed open.
Beyond belief in love, as an existence that permeates love.
“I can fight now.”
It was only a small change, but the size of the heart that Sirone had to move would approach the universe.
Ariana raised an eyebrow.
“It exceeded.”
There was no agony to be found in Sirone’s appearance, where Yahweh’s light rose like a haze.
“Whoa.”
After finally finishing the long meditation, Sirone took a deep breath and looked around calmly.
“what?”
Two women dressed neatly in black suits were looking at them.
‘Who is it?’
The blonde is a stranger, but the dark-haired woman is familiar.
“mini? What are you doing here?”
A cute little girl who likes to wrestle and makes sexual jokes without hesitation.
‘The atmosphere is completely different.’
But for today, she had a normal proportion and even wore a suit.
‘Something happened.’
said Minnie.
“I didn’t hear either. There is a big gathering. Oh, and this is my satellite. Say hello.”
Nervous about being rude, Ariana politely bowed her head.
“It is an honor to meet you. My name is Ariana, the satellite of the 2-star Mini.”
Minnie let out a sigh of relief.

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-834.txt
=============YYYYY=============
Great convocation of the ivory tower (3)
“By the way, a large gathering?”
Sirone asked, leading Mini and Ariana into the living room.
“yes. This is an order given directly by Taeseong. All villagers who have received the title of a star will gather with the satellite.”
“is it so… …
Sirone’s face as she poured tea was calm.
“Did you know?”
I didn’t even know how much time had passed since I was immersed in meditation, so I never received a message.
“no. But I can guess.” Currently, Havitz is atrocious, but I already intuitively felt it the moment the <Law Killing> project failed.
‘I can’t kill him.’
The fact that you cannot get the desired result no matter what situation you put into it is because it is outside the law.
It was a reasonable decision for Tae-seong to summon all the members now that the army of hell is staining the world.
“You’ve been through a lot.”
Seeing Sirone’s face more haggard than she had seen before, Mini said worriedly.
“No department in the Ivory Tower fights like Mr. Sirone. I need a break.”
Among the five departments of the Ivory Tower, the Unified Space Management Department had the widest range of missions.
“The best break is to solve the problem at hand. I don’t want to run away.”
Ariana’s eyes widened.
‘As I’ve heard, he’s a single-minded person.’
In the first place, the realm of Yahweh itself is not a stress that humans can bear.
Even Maze, the strongest seeker of mankind, the radius of the law could not escape the border of the line.
‘How is that possible?’
Thinking about that, she looked away, but Sirone looked at her and smiled.
“It’s really fine.”
A smile bloomed on Ariana’s face.
‘cute.’
I wanted to lay it down on the ground and put a lot of pressure on it.
‘What I like is… …
Like a fantasy pair, Mini, who even has the same taste in men, activated her scale magic.
Her body became so huge that it almost touched the ceiling, as if the object had been magnified.
“I guess I can’t. I have no choice but to take special measures to recover from the fatigue of Oh Dae-seong.”
Sirone blankly raised his head and asked.
“A special measure?”
She untied the front of her suit coat and spoke to Sirone, exposing her breastbone.
“Come on in. If you are buried in a woman’s breast, you won’t think about anything.”
It certainly looked good enough for Sirone to enter.
“No, I… …
I know he has a penchant for dirty talk, but this was the first time he’d been so reckless.
“It certainly makes sense.”
Ariana, who got up from her seat, approached, untangling her apron just like Mini.
“Trust us. Is this scientific? If you bury yourself in a woman’s breast, all your afflictions will disappear.”
Thinking that it wasn’t a joke, Shirone got scared.
“Why are you all like this?”
“Mini, grab it.”
A huge hand approached, completely blocking my view.
“for a moment! wait for a sec!”
Instinctively, I stepped on the table and jumped up, but the other hand flew in and grabbed Sirone.
Ariana shouted.
“Caught. Put! Put!”
“That, stop!”
Just as Mini was dragging Sirone to the front, the door opened and a mongin louver entered.
“Oh Dae-sung.”
Mini and Ariana stopped moving, and Sirone blushed like someone who had been caught doing something embarrassing.
“Ah, Mr. Louver… …
After looking around the situation in the house for a while, Lou Ver smiled.
“Did I interrupt a good time?”
“Oh no! help me!”
Mini, who put Sirone on the floor, dispelled the scale magic and said.
“Hmmmm, so this… …
Louver turned his head to Mini.
His smile remained the same, but the emotion in his eyes turned thick and dark like a poisonous snake.
“I must have told Oh Dae-seong to be polite?”
The posture of the two women was closely disciplined.
“sorry! You seem to have been worrying too much lately, so… … Heart uh…”
“Hmm.”
The life-threatening that had bound the two of them was gone.
“It is true.”
Louver approached Sirone and continued.
“But Oh Dae-seong’s agony is not at that level, so you guys made a mistake this time.”
Minnie shook her head sullenly.
“sorry.”
Unlike usual, being strong in discipline meant that Louver also knew the weight of a large convocation.
‘Hmm.’
In fact, Louver was in a very tense state.
‘If it’s a 2 star, it’s worth knowing. I’m kidding.’
He was the only one in the Unified Space Management Department who had experienced a large and small house, so he did not like the frivolous atmosphere.
‘What happened?’
Louver, who looked at Sirone for a while, blinked and then turned his head and said.
“Mong-ah, come out.”
From behind Louver, a boy with an egg-white face and wide eyes popped out.
He was about the height of a five-year-old child, and the eyes that took up half of his face were terrifying at first glance.
“hello. I am Mong-ah, the designer of dreams.”
Louver introduced him to Sirone.
“This is my satellite Mong. Just like me, I am a dreamer. I am in charge of various chores under me.”
Minnie’s eyes widened.
‘Mr. Louver’s satellite?’
Despite working together in the Unified Space Administration, I hadn’t heard of Louver’s satellite.
‘Even in the ivory tower, there is a lack of information about Mongols. Even so, participating is still… …
Ariana felt it too.
‘This meeting is no joke.’
Those who have received the title of stars, especially Oh Dae-seong, never back down.
The actions that can be done to fulfill one’s convictions are close to infinite, so the more allies, the better.
“A dream designer?”
When Sirone looked down at Mong-a with interest, a playful smile appeared on the boy’s face.
The moment I raised my pupils all the way up and met Sirone’s eyes, the scenery began to distort.
‘what?’
As time passed slowly, Mong-aman opened his mouth wide and let out a scream.
“Kuaaaaa!”
For a moment, the child’s face melted into black liquid and attacked Sirone.
‘ Avoid… …
As if in a dream, the moment I thought about it, my movements slowed down and a black liquid covered the sirone.
‘It’s simple, the Five Great Saints.’
Only dreamers can directly penetrate the REM area, the boundary between consciousness and unconsciousness.
Also, unlike other spirit-type wizards, it has the terrifying strength of never being able to evade.
‘In my dream, I’m on top.’
nightmare, devil.
One of the dreamer’s abilities, it absorbs the dreamer’s uneasy feelings and grows in size.
Krrrr.
The beast inside opened its eyes, and all the resentment Sirone had been harboring began to burn.
‘What is this?’
growing without end.
In an instant, even the dreamer lost control due to a huge rage that no human dream had encountered.
‘Yahweh? What philanthropy is this?’ Tears were on the verge of flowing in front of a resentment that could not be relieved even if the entire universe was destroyed.
‘It’s dangerous. This is how this person dies.’
Louver told me not to look after the circumstances.
‘Oh, I don’t know!’
When the nightmare filter was removed, Sirone’s suppressed emotions expanded at the speed of light.
“Ahhh… …
Mong-ah was terrified when she realized how much she had grown.
Even though there is no limit to dreams, the distance from the end to the end of achieving oneself could not be measured.
‘Am I living with something like this?’ I suddenly had a question.
‘How can I hold on?’
Under normal circumstances, Sirone would have already died and the world of dreams would have to be closed.
‘Where are you?’
It is trapped in Mong-a’s arms, but it is so large that it is impossible to even locate it.
After concentrating for a long time, Mong-ah finally felt the figure of Sirone buried in darkness.
Despite having a terrible nightmare, Sirone just calmly closed her eyes.
‘Is this the spirit of Yahweh?’ It’s not that there is no anger.
‘I’m just handling it.’
Mong-a designed countless nightmares, but it was the first time that something as eerie and frightening as this one.
Sirone’s eyes slowly opened.
“love.”
In a moment that could not be called time, a thin flash pierced the darkness of the devil.
Even then, Mong-a did not feel it.
‘what?’
A stimulus that comes from far away.
“uh? uh huh?”
The moment the dreamer realizes, the size of the flash expands at the speed of light and burns the entire world as well as the devil.
“Aaaaaaa!”
After the momentary dream ended, Mong-a screamed and flew as if in shock, crashing into the wall.
“Aww! Aww!”
While Minnie and Ariana looked puzzled, Louver’s expression was serious.
‘The dreamer who designs nightmares is terrified.’
What was it that scared you so much?
The correct answer seemed to be told by the two pupils of Sirone, who were calmly looking straight ahead.
“sorry. I won’t do that again.” Seeing Mong-ah’s attitude of not being able to meet Sirone’s eyes, Louver nodded his head.
‘I think I know.’
Mongah had seen in Sirone’s heart that he should never appear in this world.
‘A dangerous double-edged sword.’
In the end, the moment the fraternity was broken for any reason, this world would come to an end.
“You have earned the wrath of Yahweh, Mong.”
Mong-ah pouted her lips as if she was sad at Louver’s attitude of talking like it was someone else’s business.
Feeling a sense of responsibility, Louver frankly confided in Sirone.
“sorry. Ahead of the grand convocation, I felt very old.”
“It is a terrible nightmare.”
Contrary to the words, the eyes were calm.
‘At this level, this great convocation is worth trying.’
It was also this year that Minnie and Ariana, who arrived here first, relaxed a bit.
“Let me explain. This is the second ivory tower convocation since the birth of mankind. Perhaps we will discuss the current situation, but with that… …
Louver sighed and said.
“The atmosphere of the meeting is likely to flow in a way to punish Sirone-sama.”
Minnie asked.
“A punishment? Who will punish the Five Stars’?”
“Of course, it’s not Taeseong. However, it is a place where all five major departments gather. Since the situation has worsened due to the failure of <Slaughter>, they will surely ask questions about it.”
“I am determined.”
Louver nodded at Sirone’s words.
“If you are the current Odaeseongnim, you will be able to prepare for their attack. And take this.” Louver took out the <Law Kill>.
“This item has been registered by Sirone-sama. Please take it because it is a position that should not be prepared for in vain.”
It was also good to make contact with Minerva, who was expected to be the only ally in this great muster.
“By the way, one person hasn’t come yet?” I heard that the number of stars belonging to the Unified Space Management Department is four.
“Sorry!”
The door opened violently and a dark-skinned woman entered.
Minnie put her hand on her hip and said.
“Why are you so late?”
“yes! It’s late! I am so sorry!” She was a girl from the mountain village, wearing a shabby ball gown tied with her belt.
Sirone, who was looking at the chubby thighs like the hind legs of a frog, asked Louver.
“This person… … ?”
“yes. This is Kira, a 1-star resident of the Unified Space Management Department. An undead wizard.”
Kira straightened her back.
“Hello! It’s Kira! And this one…
After a while, a huge skeleton more than 2 meters long strode in and grabbed Kira’s shoulder.
“It’s my satellite Etron! I picked it up in the mountains!”
Instead of a greeting, the skeleton snapped its jaws.
“Sirone-sama and I, Mini and Kira. In this way, four people belong to the Unified Space Management Department. The total number of stars is 12.”
“The number of stars?”
“The total number of stars is different for each department. It’s a measure of prestige, but never mind. There are departments that do not have 4 stars, so it is not an absolute figure.”
‘I guess our department isn’t high.’
Louver spoke to the stars.
“This is the place where all 27 members of the Ivory Tower, including Taeseong, gather. Never relax.”
“yes!”
The stars and satellites shouted with courage.

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-835.txt
=============YYYYY=============
Great convocation of the ivory tower (4)
When I reached the top floor of the Ivory Tower, my mistress’s Araka was preparing to move.
“Sirone.”
Minerva of the Human Security Enforcement Department welcomed Shiro and your party.
“Mr. Minerva.”
Although she was detached from worldly affairs, it was unusual to see her wearing all the witch’s costumes and holding a jet.
Louver came with the stars.
“See you again.” Silently, she looked at the stars of the Unified Space Management Department one by one.
The others were barely familiar, but Kira was also unfamiliar with Minerva.
‘That kid is Kira.’
Body Collector Saint Kira.
As an undead wizard, she was a catastrophic figure who was once called the second Minerva.
“Hello! Nice to meet you! This is Kira!”
Although he had been active in the Ivory Tower for quite some time, he still had a military discipline.
The sight was rather terrifying.
“okay. Let’s get along well in the future.” It was just a greeting, but it was a speech with a clear purpose in the situation ahead of a large convocation.
Minnie rubbed her chin.
‘Well, since Minerva also participated in the <Law Slaughter> project, she probably can’t step out. Is it a destiny community?’
Sirone confirmed the faces of the Human Security Enforcement Department.
There was a sex brain floating in the air, and men with a vicious look behind it.
“Who are they?”
Minerva turned her head.
“Ah, let me introduce you. The stars of the Human Security Enforcement Department. This one… … Before the introduction could begin, a man approached with numerous knife cuts on his face.
It was Laska, a 3-star resident of the Ivory Tower, a metal wizard nicknamed the Butcher.
“Cheuk, sister. Is this guy the kiddo? You want to take off the bachelor ticket yourself?”
Minerva, who was glared at by Sirone, shrugged.
“Of course it’s a joke.”
Laska approached Sirone.
“Listen up, sweetie. I don’t care if it’s five stars or not. If you lay even one finger on my sister… …
The moment they exchanged glances with Sirone, Laska felt a terrifying feeling and hurriedly stopped walking.
‘What is this?’
never to live
In fact, there was no hostility to be found in the look of Si Lorne, who innocently blinked.
‘Are you afraid of me?’
He was able to endure to some extent even the death of Minerva, who exudes the energy of the god of death.
‘What the hell?’
The unknown made it even more frightening.
“Sheesh!”
When Laska stepped back, forgetting the prestige of the stars, Louver nodded slightly.
‘He has a transcendental sense.’
It was certainly amazing that even Mong-ah could grasp the madness of lines he had seen in Sirone’s REM area with just his eyes.
‘Is it really a 3-star?’
The Human Security Enforcement Department is those who are involved in disasters or crimes in the human world.
Ironically, except for the Holy Brain, they were the villains who once made the world fearful.
Minerva hit Laska in the back of the head.
“ouch! Why are you hitting me, sister!”
“Why are you acting like this when you can’t even try? Because of you, only I am embarrassed.”
“No, I tried to see what she was like because she was interesting.”
Minerva sighed, but she also sensed the change in Sirone.
‘okay. You’re going crazy too, Sirone.’
It is also true that it is not a world that can be sane.
“Sorry. I’ll apologize instead. As you can see, the people in our department are one-and-a-half.”
“are you okay.”
Sirone spoke briefly.
They didn’t say what was okay, but whatever would have mattered anyway.
Minerva introduced the stars and satellites of the Human Security Enforcement Department one by one.
There were no 2-stars, but there was one more 3-stars besides Laska, and even 1-star residents were introduced.
“A total of 5 people. The number of stars is 16. It is the second largest number among the five departments. In addition to the Unified Space Management Department, there are 28. This will be worth fighting for.”
“What does it mean to fight?”
“As you know, the roles of the five departments are different. We have disasters and crimes, the balance is the stability of the world, the System Inspection Department is dedicated to large nations, and the Ministry of Law literally governs the law.”
Minerva raised her index finger.
“For example, if a powerful demon descended, the Human Security Enforcement Department and the Ministry of Law would be involved. If the place of descent is a country, the System Inspection Department is also included. The problem is that each person has a different perspective on solving it. What you need at that time is your department, the Integrated Space Management Department.”
It was no coincidence that it was Oh Dae-seong of the Unified Space Management Department who had assisted Tae-seong for generations.
“But now things have changed. to be honest… … Were you miserably defeated? I don’t know how other departments will turn out. At that time, the number of stars can be the standard for Taeseong to judge.”
“Hmm, judgment.”
“Like the last convocation, the scope of the agenda of this convocation is the entire world. I will make preparations for not only Habits, but also Shion’s situation and Nane.”
Sirone raised his head.
“Did you find me?”
“no. Even Taeseong’s ability, Gaia, can’t capture your location. Because Shura, the god of lies, is next to him.”
Shura, 7th in the Order of the Ten Commandments, would avoid the world’s attention if her Gestalt
It was easy.
Deep in the mountains of the Central Continent.
There was one man plowing the field in the heavenly nature where no human beings could be found.
It was unusual to see a man with a tattoo all over his face as well as a pickaxe.
“Master.”
Nane straightened her back at the sound she heard from afar.
“Eat some of this.”
Shura, dressed in worn out rags and with a towel wrapped around her head, was walking with a tray on her head.
“You are suffering a lot.”
It’s been quite some time since I hid in a deep mountain, leaving human society behind, but I and your level haven’t risen at all.
“If you are sorry for causing trouble, get enlightenment quickly. I’m not even outside right now.”
Nane gulped down the water and averted her eyes.
” outside?”
“They say that a man named Habitz has become atrocious. Hell’s armies are devastating the kingdom.”
“I see.”
Nane stared at the horizon and was lost in thought.
“When do you think you will become a Buddha?”
“If you want to be, even right now.” Shura’s face brightened.
“Are you finally aware of the secrets of the world? Then, please teach me! hurry!”
Shura was impatient, but Nane was just smiling that inexplicable smile.
“There is something to check before that.”
Nane took out a seed from her bosom.
“What is that?”
“I don’t know. I collected them one by one while walking. If you plant this, it will sprout.”
Nane, who planted the seeds, covered the soil.
“I don’t know what will sprout, but let’s start here. This is where it starts.”
Shura, who was savoring Nane’s words, asked.
“Are you planting seeds?”
“no.”
Nane looked down at the ground with warm eyes.
“It is the heart.”
willingness to plant seeds.
‘I’m fine with this now. So let’s watch it, Sirone. what is this world… …
It was not yet time to do justice.
“It is spring.”
Shura’s line of sight followed Nane’s sky.
In the Temple of Earth, there were 27 stars, their satellites, and the Arakawa Archives of the Ministry of Internal Affairs.
Sitting in the shape of a fan with Taeseong at the center, their eyes burned with speculation as if they were in enemy territory.
“This brings everyone together.”
The moment Taeseong’s mouth fell, all the stars lowered their heads in unison.
“Meet Tae-seong.”
Araka swallowed at the sight of those who were born in this world and formed their own families shouting in unison.
‘It’s really amazing.’
I couldn’t imagine what they could do when all of them moved with one will.
‘It’s a problem because it’s impossible.’
That’s why it will also be a large convocation that was implemented.
“As this is the only public seat in the ivory tower, I will be polite. First of all, before we listen to your views on the present, let’s take a brief look at the world situation.”
When Gaia’s ability was activated, the ground scenery as if seen from an altitude was revealed in front of the Earth Castle.
Araka shook her head.
“oh my god… …
From such a height that nothing, no matter how huge, could be seen, the line of movement of the army of hell was clearly visible.
“An army of approximately 50 million is advancing towards Kashan and towards the Central Continent. How about this?”
The stars were silent, their faces calm.
Amanta of the Balance Department opened her mouth.
“To punish the demons… …
“for a moment. I’m sorry, Amanta.” Taeseong stopped talking.
“Before talking about atrocities, there is something you should know first. Currently, there are three people who have reached the state of apostasy. Of course, we also have one person… …
No one looked away, but Sirone felt as if his body had been pierced.
“The first thing to look at is this person.”
As if rolling a planet by hand, the landscape quickly changed and the southern continent was reflected.
As they fell close-up, people Sirone knew well were fighting the army of hell.
‘Mr. Gaold.’
“Kill! You are only human!” The number of demons spread endlessly around the altar seemed to be in the hundreds of thousands.
“Jingle jingle, really!”
Gangnan, who rushed after Gaold, gnashed his teeth and flew into the sky.
The demons fell helplessly in front of her destructive fighting skills, but the number was so great.
“Kangnan, I will do it.” Dark waves swirled in Zulu’s eyes, and the lich soared high into the sky.
As lightning fell in a radius of several hundred meters, the cries of demons pierced the sky.
“Queue!”
Beyond the corpses of demons exploding like firecrackers, the place they arrived at was an altar in the center of the psychic realm.
“Are you here?”
Pizarrochi, commander of the 11th Corps, was a powerful wizard with the nickname of the Ruler of Hellfire.
“There is no need to go all the way to the corps commander!” Those who guarded Pizarrochi were all brigade-level or higher, and were incomparable to the enemies they had defeated so far.
“Big!”
Gaold, who had eyes for Pizarrochi, gritted his teeth, and his hair began to turn white.
“die… … !”
The ground shook with a thump, and the division commander’s body was compressed like liquid.
thud! thud! thud!
As if an invisible iron core were falling, presses were applied from all sides, punching holes in the crowd of enemies.
“Aaaaaaa!”
As Gaold’s self-denial skill, Great Superheat Hell, unfolded, the surrounding landscape turned into a fiery hell.
“Hahaha! Anyway, this is our… …
Another division commander was crushed.
‘What are you going to do?’
Gangnan bit his lip as he watched Gaold’s nerves wriggle in pain.
‘I can’t hold out forever.’
Gaold didn’t care.
‘It’s a maze.’
It is not known how long the war will last, but to him it was only a fleeting moment as the flash passed.
‘I’ll finish it.’
Cuckoo coo coo coo!
When dozens and even hundreds of presses knocked in all directions, the view opened like a curtain.
“You pathetic bastards!”
In the end, Pizarrochi flew into the sky, holding hellfire in both hands.
“ah??????
At the same time, Gaold’s body flinched.
‘also… …
The rushing Zulu grabbed Gangnan and cast a teleportation in the opposite direction from Gaold.
“It should be avoided.”
Gauld was worried, but there was nothing he could do, so Kang Nan obediently surrendered himself.
“Huh!” Pizarrochi threw a huge fire.
“This is it!”
Gaold lifted his head, crying tears of blood.
‘come.’
Something huge that can’t be suppressed.
‘Damn it!’
At the end of the pale and tired consciousness, what came to mind was Miro’s smiling face.
‘It’s a maze.’
air press.
Pizarrochi’s body, the flames thrown by Pizarrochi, and the countless demons surrounding him all disappeared in an instant.
‘Turn it all off.’
As the power of the destruction pressed down on the ground, it sank hundreds of meters and the heat soared.
Woooooooooooooooooooooooooh!
“Huh!”
The moment the explosion blew away a radius of several kilometers, Taeseong of the Temple of Earth staggered to the side.
The 26 stars and satellites watched the scene and kept their mouths shut.

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-836.txt
=============YYYYY=============
depression (1)
The army of hell split in two in the city, which could be called the heart of Kashan.
The ones who command the 40 million troops headed for the Central Continent, where the holy war is being built, are Natasha and Zeta.
And the remaining 10 million charged towards the capital of Kashan according to the instructions of the Balkans.
A grand party was held in Aganos, the imperial castle of Kashan, ahead of the war on which the fate of the empire depended.
All the nobles of Kashan gathered in the grand hall where the musicians could hear exciting performances.
‘They had a party in such a situation, their expressions were all dark, and their hearts became even more heavy at the news of the sad news coming in through the secretary.
“Is this a human party?”
Looking at the long table with so many delicacies that it was hard to find a place to look, Kido swallowed.
“Where shall we begin?”
He chewed and swallowed anything he could eat, and he had no particular favorite food.
The nobles frowned as they walked from end to end of the table and crammed in waguwagu food.
“What is that goblin?”
“They say it’s the pet of the Empress.”
“Pets? By the way, are you wearing a weapon?”
Kido’s spear was very irritating because it was forbidden to summon weapons except for the Royal Guard.
“F*ck!”
As he burped, the noble women covered their noses and scattered in all directions.
“Even if you die when you die, you have to eat and die.”
Even for Kido, today’s banquet was definitely unusual.
I am not interested in politics, but according to the rumors I heard, there was an analysis that Kashan would be destroyed within the next seven days.
‘Is it like the Last Supper?’
After following Uorin to the imperial castle, she saw with her own eyes how much the empress of the empire had.
It was only natural that he would lose his mind, since all of that was on the verge of disappearing.
“The Empress is entering!” At the cry of the guards, all the nobles stopped what they were doing and turned toward the door.
The door opened slowly, and Uorin in a black dress entered with a bright expression.
Her face, adorned with diamonds and pearls, was so beautiful that the nobles were bewildered.
“wow?… ”
Even the goblin Kido, whose aesthetic sense was inferior to that of humans, didn’t think of anything at this moment.
‘ beautiful.’
It was the first time I was obsessed with the form of life.
“Good night, gentlemen.”
Everyone paid attention to Wu Lin’s words.
“You are probably curious. That’s why we hold a grand party now, when the war is in full swing.”
Kido looked at Gando next to Uorin, but couldn’t read his thoughts from his expression.
“To put it bluntly, the war situation is not good. And maybe… … We may lose the war.”
It felt like something I had eaten.
“But don’t worry.”
Uorin gave a beautiful eye smile.
“Kashan never collapses. I will use all means to protect the empire, and I will continue to build a strong history forever.
all.”
Since it was the name of Theraje, which had never failed since Kashan was established, it was believed.
“Enjoy it. Enjoy. It shows the world that we are not afraid.”
The nobles shouted in unison.
“Long live Her Majesty! Long live Her Majesty!”
The musicians quickly resumed playing, and Uorin approached, making eye contact with the nobles one by one.
“how is it? Is the party fun?”
“… … What are you thinking?”
Motivation is important
In Mankido’s opinion, this war was somehow impossible.
“well. What do you think?”
Kido frowned as he remembered the only way Kashan would not be destroyed.
“Could you… …
Uorin held out her hand.
“Shall we dance?”
Kido, who was looking at the small and dainty hand, turned his head and snorted.
“Hong, what is the goblin dance… …
“Come on.”
When Uorin pulled Kido by the wrist and forcibly entered the ball, the nobles looked shocked.
“Are you going to dance with your pet?”
The only people who knew Kido’s identity were Gando and Pungjang.
I wondered if the empress had gone mad, but whoever she was with could not tarnish Uorin’s beauty.
“I don’t know how.”
Uorin laughed and took the lead at Kido’s voice.
“easy. Follow me around like this.”
Kido, who had been concentrating on the dance for a while, secretly raised his eyes and looked at Urin.
“Are you afraid of dying?” Wu Lin smiled sadly.
“If the armies of Hell occupy Kashan, Havits will be the first to find me.”
Even Theraje’s bloodline, Uorin, couldn’t imagine what kind of disaster he would bring.
“Even if death is the end of my eternal life, I can accept it. But there are still reasons to live.”
“Sirone?”
Uorin didn’t answer this time either.
“I don’t mean to hand over Kashan for free. I will have to negotiate Even if that is Theraze’s downfall, Kashan will not disappear.”
“You can fight.”
Kido found himself feeling sorry for himself.
“I will protect you. No one will touch you, so don’t be afraid and fight.”
Wu Lin shook her head.
“I can’t win. It has to be Sirone. But Sirone will not fight for Kashan.”
‘It has to be Sirone.’
As I savored Uorin’s words, a part of my heart ached.
Tormia Kingdom Magic Association.
Rufist, the president of the association, put the documents that had arrived urgently on the desk and rubbed his temples.
‘The holy war will not be able to block it.’ The news was that the army of hell was suddenly making a detour and descending toward the Central Continent.
‘I can’t penetrate even Tormia.’ He was thinking about that when he heard a knock outside.
“President of the association, we have brought a candidate for the next chief of staff.”
After Jane’s death, the post of chief secretary had been vacant, but now that war broke out, he needed someone to assist him.
“Ask me to come in.”
The door opened, and a woman with blue hair that reached her waist entered.
It was Ravid Fleur, a certified 6th-class wizard.
“hello. This is Flu, the captain of the third-floor guard.”
Everything about the flu had already been confirmed through his profile.
It was not unreasonable to appoint a person with excellent judgment as well as magic skills as the chief of staff.
Just one thing to point out
thing is.
“You’ve heard that Gaold is active, right?”
“Yes, I heard.”
The point was that she was Gaold’s bodyguard who once fought against Heaven together with Gaold.
“Association and Zion, what is your priority?”
Flew thought for a moment.
Even that attitude would work against a quick promotion, but she had no qualms.
“I still respect Mr. Garold.”
Rufist’s expression did not change.
“But, as always, what is important to me is the well-being of the Kingdom of Tormia. There is no room for personal feelings.”
‘Looks like it.’
Rufist thought of Jane, who had passed away first.
If possible, he wanted to leave the position of chief secretary vacant while he served as the president of the association.
‘There is no woman as competent as you.’ The image that the world is heading towards destruction
It was a name that Hwang missed even more.
“How about a bed?”
Flew blinked briefly at the sudden question, then raised his glasses and said.
“Well, I haven’t heard anything particularly bad about it.”
Rufist laughed.
‘Yes, anyway we are all… …
It is an accessory of the kingdom.
“Follow me. I have somewhere to go.”
Since the sun had already set, Flu asked with a puzzled expression.
“Where are you going?”
Rufist spoke briefly.
“flower garden.”
Earth Temple.
“Are you okay?”
Due to Gaold’s shock wave from the south, Taeseong was not able to come to his senses for a while.
Taeseong, the incarnation of a star.
Receiving power that exceeded the durability of the planet was the same as being directly hit by magic.
“it’s okay.”
Taeseong raised his hand to calm the stars.
“Currently, the South is relying on a team of only three people led by Gaold. As you can see, the power of the apostate is great, but they alone can’t block all areas.” As the screen in front changed, Habitz’s army was reflected again.
“Gaia’s ability can see most things happening on the planet. This will definitely help in war. But before that, there are things we need to make sure.”
Taeseong finally got to the point.
“Everyone, do you agree with erasing the existence of demons from this world?” No answer came immediately.
“Asmodians are beings created by human emotions.”
Amanta, the Five Star of the Balance Department, said.
“It means that there is no reason to separate humans and demons. To add a little leap, eliminating demons is the same as eliminating humans.” said Minerva.
“But if we leave it as it is, demons will take over the world. The first thing we need to think about is the war against the demons. By mobilizing all the capabilities of the ivory tower… …
“Cheuk, bullshit.”
Minerva turned her head at the high-pitched voice.
A man in golden iron armor sat with his arms crossed.
It was Siegmund Fried, the fifth star of the System Inspection Department.
The armor that he is wearing as he has the nickname of the King of Greed is also the only armor set of the five masters in the world.
It was a state-of-the-art equipment in the magic world that exhibited a staggering 65% anti-magic.
“dog sound?”
Life welled up in Minerva’s eyes.
“That’s right. No matter how evil Havitz is, does it compare to Minerva in her prime?”
It was the most painful part of Minerva.
“What does the young man say he knows about me? do you want to die?”
“I know one thing for sure. When you stick to Yahweh and shake your ass
reason.”
Fried pointed at Sirone and laughed.
“Because only that kid can save you. You want to be forgiven, don’t you? So what did you give in return? huh? tell me, baby Was it as hot as the rumors say?”
As Minerva grabbed Jet, Sirone sighed softly.
“ha.”
He slowly raised his head and spat out.
“it’s annoying.”
There was a coldness that made other stars freeze with just that one word.
‘The author is Oh Dae-seong of the Integrated Space Management Department.’ I had heard that he had risen to the level of Yahweh, but it was a little different from what I had imagined.
‘What is this uneasy feeling?’
Like a time bomb about to explode at any moment, my stomach rumbled.
However, like the five great stars, Fried did not waver.
“Cheuk, the symbol of fraternity is rough-mouthed. What do you do when you’re annoyed? Even if we stick together here… …
Before he could finish his words, Sirone jumped up and threw the Photon Cannon.
“Huh!”
After kicking off the floor, Fried stepped back, but was caught up by teleportation in an instant.
‘Are you really going to try it?’
Among the stars of the ivory tower, he was the only one who could handle sword and magic at the same time, but he was so fast that he could not react.
‘Let’s see… … !’
As the effect of the armor set of the Five Masters appeared, the Photon Cannon moved away from it at a considerable distance.
‘This is what happens!’
At the same time, Sirone, who arrived at a close distance, fired the Photon Cannon again.
As the sphere of light vibrated through 65% of the anti-magic, Fried’s eyes widened.
‘how?’
It is unavoidable at this distance.
As soon as he finished thinking, the photon cannon was thrust directly into Fried’s abdomen.
“Keuuugh!”
The shock disappeared like a lie the moment the abdominal muscles were torn apart.
“uh?”
When Fried looked around, all the stars were in the same motion.
‘I skipped the time.’ As if nothing had happened, Sirone was just staring at Freed from where he was.

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-837.txt
=============YYYYY=============
depression (2)
‘Damn it.’
A wild glare emanated from the eyes that were hidden beneath the helmet of Freed’s cross.
Turning back time does not erase the events that existed in my mind.
But still Oh Daeseong.
When I suppressed my shame and analyzed the incident from a while ago, there was definitely something strange about it.
Meanwhile, the stars and satellites of the ivory tower gazed alternately at Fried and Sirone, speechless.
‘Fried got hit.’
It was an event in a time zone that did not exist, but there was no one who was foolish enough to not know the breaking of time.
‘No, did I really get hurt?’ The incident returned to the original time when Fried allowed the blow.
As a magician and swordsman, Fried’s durability was much higher than that of other stars, so questions remained.
And the answer to that question would only be known by Fried, who was directly attacked by Sirone.
‘ weird.’
The first thing that came to Fried’s mind was a sense of incongruity.
‘The fall of time. I understand that the timeline vibrates and pulls the future into the past… …
The trajectory of the Photon Cannon, and all the variables at the time Sirone’s teleportation reached his immediate vicinity.
‘Why couldn’t I avoid it?’
Even if it was a surprise attack, it wasn’t to the extent that he couldn’t avoid it as he had reached the highest level of mankind in sword and magic.
‘Not once.’
It feels like another time within time vibrates.
‘The incident in which I was attacked by him is just one of many incidents that have existed.’
How many times has the same section been repeated?
‘There is no need to think about the unknown.’
What he realized about Sirone was that he could perform calculations on future possibilities in an instant.
‘A wizard who searches for the route to reach the most perfect conclusion and strikes an unavoidable blow.’
That was Sirone.
‘But I shoot magic, move, and shoot again. What variables could be more at work there?’ The width of the change would be so minute that an ordinary wizard could not confirm it.
But rather, the subtlety made Fried feel uncomfortable like motion sickness.
‘Ambush doesn’t matter. Annoying O……’
Regardless of sword or magic, it was Freed who had never been beaten by anyone.
‘Was there a fine crack that could penetrate the gaps in my realm?’
The breaking of time was the second problem, and Sirone’s thinking about finding a way to surprise him was annoying.
“It’s interesting.”
Fried opened his mouth and let out a vicious aura.
“It’s unexpected. No way, I didn’t know that Oh Dae-seong of the Unified Universe Management Department would strike first.”
It was common for Oh Dae-seong, who had been guarding Taeseong for generations, to sit in a dignified manner like an enlightened human being.
“What are you talking about?”
Sirone asked savvyly.
“I didn’t do anything.”
“Quack.”
Blood pooled in Fried’s temples.
‘That’s how it will come out.’ I had no intention of following Sirone’s philosophy from the beginning, but this workshop made it clear.
‘No matter what he thinks, he will never be able to carry it through.’
The atmosphere in the Earth Temple became tense.
Even the air shook as the stars and satellites of each department glared at each other.
Even though Taeseong was watching right in front of him, the name Daesojib was so huge.
‘Sirone.’
Taeseong looked at Sirone with open eyes.
The destruction of time put pressure on her in a different way from Gaold’s destruction that directly hit the planet.
‘The mind is confused.’
According to her feelings, the number of times Sirone vibrated in order to successfully ambush Freed was approximately 40,000.
The reason why he turned back time was probably with Fried’s counterattack in mind after the successful attack.
‘Even Fried is not a person to be easily defeated.’
In terms of leading the situation, it can be said that it is like a poem, but unlike usual, the method was quite violent.
Minerva looked over at Sirone.
‘No, you’re right. The group that will obstruct us the most in this big and small house is the System Inspection Department. but… …
Fried was not going to break that much.
“United Space Management Department would like to speak
all.”
Sirone stood up from her seat.
“If demons were born from human evil, now is the time to eradicate that evil. We ask for the cooperation of each department of the Ivory Tower to fight the demons.”
“Why do I have to fight demons?” said Fried, crossing her arms.
“It is the principle of all things that the strong eat the weak. If they are strong, you can give them away, like this world?”
Sirone’s eyes lit up.
“If demons take over the world, all human nations will perish. Is that the ending the System Inspection Department wants?”
Fried was unconcerned.
“You are mistaken. We are not a follower of royalty. The system that currently leads the world is just the national system, and if the demons introduce a different system, it’s enough for us to manage it.”
It meant that as long as the system was maintained, it did not matter who became the ruler of this world.
“I will pass on the opinions of the System Inspection Department to Taeseong. We do not act for the benefit of any particular country. Considering that the demons are also a newly born nation, the current situation is just a war. A common war horse that has always been and will never be gone.”
Minerva bit her lip.
‘You came in very determined.’
Fried was unlucky, but the System Inspection Department accounted for a large portion of the five departments.
“Mr. Fried has a point.”
Sirone nodded meekly. “Systematically, there is no reason why this world should belong to humans. But there is one thing I don’t understand, so I’d like to ask.”
“Hey, ask me any number. I will give my child a detailed understanding.”
Sirone looked straight at Fried and said.
“I heard that you manage the system of the demons, but I don’t think your department has that kind of ability.”
The eyes of the eight stars in the System Inspection Department each had a different kind of life.
“Such a cheeky bastard… …
Fried frowned.
“This is the end of installing a talent that others can’t do. There are many ways to kill you.”
Sirone accepted it calmly.
“is it so? What is it?” Fried’s mouth did not open for a long time, and after a while his shoulders shook violently.
“Quack. Kkkkkkkkk.”
The moment his body disappeared from view and the ground where he was sitting sank in a semicircle.
“Oh, Mr.… … !”
The Temple of the Earth thumped and swayed, and Fried with his sword drawn appeared in front of Sirone.
‘Patience! It’s this again!’
Seeing the afterimage of Sirone twisting her body in a counterattack posture made her sick again.
‘I have to assume that time has already oscillated.’
It was the second thing I felt, but it was an extremely dirty feeling that I couldn’t describe.
‘But can I find a gap this time too?’
Perhaps it would have been a surprise attack like the one before, but he was confident that he had no gaps in his preparation for the battle.
‘Look back as much as you like.’
After all, the only thing that will be decided is the case of Shirone’s head falling off.
‘If I win this time, it’s 1 win and 1 loss. but… …
Freed’s sword swung at the highest speed that passed the limit of the law.
‘My first win is your death!’
At that time, the wheel spun rapidly at the midpoint where the sword and magic collided.
‘World wheel? damn!’
It is not strong by itself.
However, strength was not needed to maintain absolute balance by circulating external forces.
Aaaaaaaang!
As the power rotated around the world wheel, Sirone and Fried were bounced in opposite directions.
“Keugh!”
Where the two stared at each other, stood Amanta, spinning the world wheel between her palms.
“Stop it. It’s a meaningless fight.” Fried pursed his lips.
“No meaning? You must have heard that kid look at me funny?”
“Because both of you are wrong.” Amanta turned to Taeseong and said.
“Human-centered Syrone, System-centered Freed. It can be seen as a failure in that it has not already prevented today’s situation. Please let me use the world wheel even now.”
Taesung asked.
“How well can you balance it?”
“In exchange for annihilating 80% of humanity, the number of demons can drop below 30%.”
Minerva asked.
“Are 80% of humanity a joke?”
“It couldn’t have been this extreme. If you had listened to me when I asked you to turn the world wheel, mankind would have sacrificed only 30 percent.”
Sirone objected.
“Even 30 percent is a big number.”
“yes. But that 30 percent is already gone. They are all dead.” “You know what I mean? I tolerated your idealism, if not arbitrarily, once. But as a result, I made a bigger sacrifice. Face reality.”
“I will tell you something.” A woman’s voice, as cold as a sword, was heard from the outermost periphery of the Temple of Earth.
It was Sing, the five major stars of the Ministry of Law.
Her black hair was tied up over the top of her head, and her pale face was ferocious but beautiful.
“Wait a minute. Still my words… … Just as Fried was about to step out, Thing’s right hand moved gently to the side.
‘What, what?’
Sirone’s eyes widened.
Like bugs, everyone except Thing felt as small as dust on the floor.
‘It’s a huge law.’
Minerva gritted her teeth.
‘The Thing of the Ministry of Justice. If Fried is annoying, that woman is really strong.’
Thing opened his mouth.
“There is no standard in the law. When I become strong, others become weak. Therefore, I think it will be helpful to reveal my thoughts that do not have standards.”
Taesung asked.
“What are your thoughts?”
“… … I also question whether humans are worthy of such respect.”
While Fried raised the corners of his mouth, the wrinkles between Sirone’s forehead deepened.
Minerva sighed.
‘Of course, Sirone. The people gathered here are all those who have reached the highest level of humanity.’
Those who received the title of five stars, stars.
‘They have something in common… … That he has been hurt by so many people.
‘Actually, you know how terrible humans are. That’s why he’s going crazy.’
Not feeling like fighting together was the cause of Oh Dae-seong’s depression.
“There is no human in this world. There are only humans, humans, humans.”
According to Singh’s theory, a human being is a being who has fallen alone in a place made by someone else.
“I honestly don’t know. I can’t believe there are multiple humans in this world. Only I am human, and all of you are illusions.”
Everyone except me is a doll.
Even if he applied it to everyone in the world, there would be no human being who would prove the contradiction in Sing’s words.
“Thus, I am the only human in this universe. It is only to fight to pamper my own world. I don’t really want to care about the pain that illusions suffer.”
Sirone put on a tired expression.
‘What kind of life did I live to have thoughts like that?’
But that philosophy was the driving force behind Singh’s manipulation of the law to the extreme.
“So, as much as possible, I tried to match the will of the false image that someone created called Fried… …
The still huge Thing looked back at Sirone, who was standing on the vast floor, and smiled.
“The illusion of Sirone is also quite unique.”
‘What is it?’
I couldn’t analyze the woman named Thing.

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-838.txt
=============YYYYY=============
depression (3)
When Singh of the Ministry of Law said something meaningful, the eyes of the residents of the Ivory Tower changed at once.
The number of members of the Ministry of Law is 5, but the number of stars in possession is 17, the highest.
This is because some departments have two 4-stars without one.
‘It’s a really strong law.’
As Sirone strengthened her eyes and increased the power of incarnation, Thing’s presence gradually began to disappear.
Then Freed, Amanta, and Minerva overcome the law of Thing, followed by the 4-star and 3-star.
‘Keugh! I can’t!’
However, the residents below the 2-star level were still suppressed by Sing’s presence and were unable to use their strength.
Fried asked Thing.
“You, are you planning to join the Unified Space Management Department?”
“Whatever decision I make, it has nothing to do with you. Well, it doesn’t make any sense to say such a thing.”
Thing added.
“I haven’t changed my mind yet. I just said that the illusion of Sirone is unique.”
She turned her head to Sirone.
“Why are you trying to save humanity? Are you a program to protect other illusions?”
I’m human too, I wanted to reply, but Sirone couldn’t get it out of my mouth.
‘There is no way to change the logic of Thing. It’s not even delusion. A person who has reached the highest level in the law.’
But it’s all an illusion.
Conversely, I thought that Thing might be an illusion to me.
‘Everyone except me is an illusion… … Humans are truly lonely beings.
‘That’s what I hate.’
I couldn’t be so envious of the Gaians who achieved an integrated mental system today.
“Fake or real, it doesn’t matter. If left as it is, the world will be destroyed by the army of hell. And in that world, there are also ivory towers. That must be stopped.”
“Do you really think so?” Sirone flinched.
“Because I don’t understand. Everyone in this room seems to be designed to understand the world quite a bit, so how do you come to that conclusion?”
Fried agreed.
“You are lying.”
Sirone’s eyes tightened.
“At the Great Convocation, any opinion can be carried through, but you mustn’t lie. Where do you think the army of hell came from? Murderer? rapist? Of course there will be some stake, but no. It just came from us.”
Fried spread his arms.
“You must have made great efforts to reach the level of Yahweh. but it’s all the same so what’s left? love for humans? No, actually, we know better than anyone else. There is only one reason why all of humanity wanted to climb to the top of the competing pyramid.”
Fred slowly turned his head.
“Because there are no humans there.” “dream? Achievement? It’s the same no matter how you wrap it in words. I don’t want to get entangled with humans, I don’t want to get hit. The reason the top of the pyramid looked the brightest to your eyes was that no one lived there.”
This is why the ivory tower was created.
“How many petty arguments have you had? How many times have you been denied and ridiculed for your thoughts? But when I go there, no one is there. The merit of the top is enough. To be able to live without feeling human nature.”
Sirone bit his lip.
“You would know too? If I hadn’t been disillusioned with the world, I wouldn’t have come this far in the first place. Let’s save humans? We’re just taking our own responsibilities. To borrow Nane’s words, it is also called Great Purification.”
Taeseong opened his mouth.
“Fried, Nane’s philosophy has already been passed on to Fall de… …
“Taesung.”
Sirone stopped talking.
“I will continue to tell you.” Sensing a chill, Taeseong closed her mouth, and Minerva gulped down her saliva.
‘This isn’t serious… …
Sirone aimed her eyes at Fried.
“You are right. I can’t say I didn’t have that feeling either. But I already forgave them. Because I am a human being just like them.”
“That is your case. I am not Yahweh.”
Sirone meekly nodded.
“Nevertheless… … He said he was angry.” Only then did Fried look back at Sirone.
“Why do I have to go through this? why can’t i be happy I was so angry and resentful that I ended up… …
Sirone put her thumb on her chest.
“I made a terrible monster here.”
Even if she didn’t bother to open her chest and look into it, Sirone’s dangerous aura told her the size of her anger.
“The reason I was able to endure it again is because I still love this world. If you are not happy here, you will be the same wherever you go.”
“So that’s your case… …
“I’m not asking you to know.”
Sirone’s eyes changed.
“I don’t know why I was given the chance to save everyone, but really, this is my last chance. The moment I let go of the realm of Yahweh, it was an extremely small handful of anger lurking inside Sirone.
“Nobody can be happy.”
The five great stars of each department frowned.
‘What’s this?’
Suddenly, a black monster tore Sirone’s clothes and jumped out, screaming at the stars.
Aaaaaaaaaaaa!
“Huh!”
The two-star residents were surprised and threw their upper bodies back.
‘No, it’s not a monster.’
When he came to his senses, the countless thorns that had overwhelmed him with the form had disappeared, and a single <Dharma Slaughter> was vibrating.
Minerva bit her molar.
‘Law Killing’ was activated only with temperament. That’s something I couldn’t see even in my prime.’
Fred asked with a displeased expression on his murderous intent against the whole world.
“Are you threatening me?”
“okay. But not my will.” To prevent the destruction of mankind, Yahweh
made the final choice.
Terrible inner monster.
‘The only way I could contain that anger was… …
It was an extreme philanthropy that no one could be happy if everyone couldn’t be happy.
‘one more time… …
Sirone’s voice trembled.
“Can’t we just give you one more chance? To say that you came here because you hate humans means that you loved them that much. In fact, you all want to live together, don’t you?”
Thing, whose lips were tightly closed, looked at Sirone.
‘all together?’
Her wounds never heal.
‘Where is that? It’s an illusion that torments me by acting out all sorts of human emotions.’
There was only one exception.
If Sirone is not an illusion, for example, if an absolute being appears and guarantees that he is human.
‘Maybe I’ll change my mind… … With the eyes of all the stars focused on Fried, time passed helplessly.
It’s an atmosphere that normal humans can’t even last for a minute, but the stars stayed there for over an hour.
“I will say something.”
At that time, Lampa, a 3-star resident of the System Inspection Department, raised his hand.
He was an old man over 100 years old, and on the back of his wrinkled hand, there was a bird emitting yellow light before he knew it.
‘Lampa. The world’s greatest information wizard.’ It would not be an exaggeration to say that the radius of his information transmission magic, Telebird, was the entire planet.
Fried, who was still lost in his thoughts while being watched by <Slaughter>, asked bluntly.
“what’s the matter? In an important time like now.”
“I thought I should let you know before making a judgment. A little while ago, the emperor of the Kashan Empire changed.”
Sirone’s head jerked back.
“The emperor has changed?”
Lampa waited for Freed’s instructions.
“Go ahead.”
“Currently, the succession ceremony is over. The new emperor is Gando, the biological son of Theraze Mystra. Also, it seems that Kashan will withdraw from the temple and join Gustaf’s side.”
‘Uorin… … Gave up Kashan.’ In other words, it meant that Gustav’s forces would become much stronger than they are now.
‘What’s going on?’ At the same time Sirone turned her head, Taeseong illuminated Kashan’s territory with Gaia’s ability.
“Hey! Run! run!”
Harbitz led the army of Hell behind his back and galloped across the vast territory of the Kashan Empire.
From far away on the horizon, Kashan’s defense forces guarding the capital were rolling in like a tidal wave.
‘They’re just having fun meeting each other.’ Bullying the prisoners in the occupied area and moving around all day sitting in a high car was boring to the point of death.
“I’m coming!”
Surprised by Havitz’s sudden action, Sumodo hurriedly mounted his horse and chased after him.
“Damn it! What the hell are you thinking!”
It is said that they are free from the law, but in the end, if they are stabbed by a human sword, they have no choice but to die.
Sumodo shouted at Balkan, who was riding alongside.
“Is this okay? Die there!”
“no.”
Vulcan raised an eyebrow.
“I won’t die.”
Kashan’s 30,000-strong defense force and Hell’s army clashed with a clear boundary line.
Havitz’s figure was buried in the weaponry.
“Let me kill you too!”
Running around the battlefield like a child and wielding a sword, Havitz’s inaction was mediocre.
Still, no one could kill him, and after tasting the blood, he went deeper.
“what? Is that the emperor?”
The commander of the archery unit turned rapidly and gave instructions to the soldiers.
“Shoot! If we catch that guy, the war will end!”
Thousands of soldiers fired arrows at once.
As the arrows soared into the sky and fell in a parabolic line, the finest magic bullets exploded.
The entire radius was devastated, and the huge demons rolled on the floor with their flesh bursting out.
“Are you done?”
There was a light of hope in Cheoninjang’s eyes.
But at that moment, Havitz, who was completely intact, jumped out through the smoke.
“damn! Power reload… … No, I will take care of it myself!”
As the Cheonjinjang drew his sword and charged in, Habitz ran towards him as if he had no need to worry.
‘Stupid bastard. He was determined to die.’ Numerous demons were fighting around them, but no one offered to help Satan.
‘I can catch it! i catch it! Become a hero!’
He could realize that Havitz’s swordsmanship was only intermediate or intermediate, just by competing.
‘This is real! I am the emperor… … heart beats wildly
“Yaaaaa!”
He delivered the best sword of his entire life.
“what… …
The blade grazed the throat of Havitz, who leaned back, and the blade cut through the air.
‘Are you lucky? It can’t be.’ He tried to wield the sword in succession, but only managed to slash Havitz’s collar.
‘damn! The one with no armor! Are you actually a swordsman? But this nonsense… … I didn’t feel like I was watching and avoiding it at all.
‘ uh?’
The moment he saw Havitz’s face, the body of the thousand chief froze and shuddered.
‘Eyes… … Are you winding up?’
Vulcan smiled.
“It is not a miracle.”
When all mankind who have lived through history threw the dice, only Havits was the last one left.
‘It’s a probability, a probability.’
Anyway, someone has to stay.
‘It will become a matter of course.’ Just as it is natural for us to be born into this world after breaking through billions of competition.
“your majesty! Are you having fun!”
Vulcan, who had cut off the head of the Cheoninjang with a single knife, stopped talking with a hearty laugh.
“so so. But I want to see Uorin soon.”
“It will be in hand soon.”
As Sumodo arrived late, Vulcan looked over the infernal armies advancing on Aganos.
A white flag was fluttering in the distance.

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-839.txt
=============YYYYY=============
depression (4)
Havitz’s army bloodlessly entered the Kashan capital.
White flags were hung from house to house, and residents hung their heads in fear.
It wasn’t just because the war was lost.
As if the vanguard had already swept through them, the streets were strewn with corpses and the smell of fresh blood lingered. Sumodo, who was holding a toothpick, smiled.
“You understand the situation quickly. After all, she is the empress of Kashan.”
I thought Balkan wasn’t over yet.
“I heard that there was a succession ceremony for the throne. If the war has already been lost, why does that matter?”
“He must be thinking of negotiating while hiding the Empress. It’s good to receive it if the conditions are right. It’s enough for us to enjoy anyway.”
Upon arriving at the entrance of the imperial castle of Aganos, the army of hell was completely surrounded on all sides.
When the door opened, the scenery inside the imperial castle was revealed.
“Huhhh…”
More than a thousand humans were possessed with blood while being held captive by various instruments of torture.
The instruments of torture were in turn linked to musical instrument-like objects lying all around along the mechanism.
“It must have been made by Zetaro.”
As soon as he passed through the gate of the outer castle, the demons who made a great contribution in this war approached Havitz and bowed their heads.
He was a handsome man, a little less than two meters tall, wearing black iron armor studded with thorns.
Amon, commander of the 7th Army of Hell.
He is one of the 10 corps commanders who are said to be in the direct line of Satan, and uses an iron sword heated in hell fire.
None of the demon corps commanders were weak, but among them, those in the top 10 ranks had a different level of strength.
“I’ve been waiting for you, Satan.”
Havitz’s appearance did not deviate from his human form, but he looked straight in Amon’s eyes.
The four red triangles floating on the top of Havitz’s head were the signs that he was an outsider of the law.
Vulcan asked.
“Who is the ruler of Kashan?”
As soon as the words were finished, a group of people appeared from the side of the inner gate.
Gando, who had just become emperor, and the highest nobles who had ruled Kashan so far.
Amon said to Habitz.
“This is an event prepared by Zeta Law to commemorate this victory. I hope you enjoy it.”
After saying that and giving instructions, 100 members of the music troupe made up of demons lined up in their respective positions.
Red-skinned female figures whose hair was covered with tentacles stood holding sheet music.
The short, plump conductor looked around the orchestra and waved his baton.
Let a lot of instruments play.
“……r
Over a thousand humans started screaming, each at a different pitch.
From the moment the first note sounded, the nobles, including Gando, felt like all the hairs on their bodies stood on end.
‘Serious guys.’
Gando gritted his teeth and endured.
“Hell’s army!”
To the music created by human screams, the vocal band sang while puffing out their stomachs.
Every time the instrument was played, the moving torture device squeezed out the human voice even more strongly.
“The World of Chaos!”
It was indeed a song from hell, and this time even Vulcan and Sumodo were deeply impressed.
“It really kills me… …
Jetaro is a genius.
Havitz wasn’t bad either, but after listening to the music for a while, he ate and burst into laughter.
“Go away.”
As Amon led the way, Habitz’s group approached Gando past the vocal band who were moved to tears.
‘I’m not bored. but… …
Just the fact that it wasn’t Uorin who greeted her made her feel like her excitement was broken.
‘What I want to hear is the Queen’s song.’
Habitz did not have to personally greet the emperor of the surrendered empire, but he boldly approached right in front of him.
“What about Uorin?”
Gando, who had already prepared for everything, bowed his head politely.
“It is in the castle. Just before meeting her, I have something to offer as emperor of her Kashan and her empire.”
Vulcan laughed.
‘I knew it would come out like this.’
“I will hand over the sovereignty of Kashan. You can moderate me, but if you feel uncomfortable, behead me. I just don’t want to see any more blood. Please guarantee the lives of the people.”
The faces of the highest nobility were wet with emotion.
‘I’m sorry, Her Majesty.’
It was a decision to promote the safety of her own country, even by giving up the honor of Theraje and selling her body.
Harbitz looked at Gando with indifferent eyes.
His eyes had no intention of analyzing anything, but Gando was dizzy from the endless chaos.
‘mother… …
Last night, Wu Lin called Gando.
“At this rate, we lose the war. The help of the temple is also limited. Kashan will soon perish.”
Gando didn’t care.
It’s obviously a situation where I should be angry and desperate, but for some reason, I didn’t have any emotional fluctuations.
Perhaps it was because of Uorin’s pale face, unlike usual.
‘I guess mothers have fear too.’
With her ability to encompass history, she did not know defeat, but from the time of the Great Purification, she entered unknown territory.
Above all, it was the worst that Havitz of Chaos was his opponent.
“I will find a way. Borrow the remaining troops and the power of the holy war to somehow find an escape route… …
“No, you can’t get out of Habitz with that. Tried every possible way. I also thought about how to make it a good ending. And the decision I made, Uorin looked up at Jiandao.
“I must live.”
He had an expression like a frightened rabbit, but only his eyes were still burning with the will to live.
“I am not afraid to die. Getting caught by Harvits… … can withstand But Gando, I want to live.”
Gando realized what Uorin was going to do.
‘Focus only on living.’
He intended to survive by throwing away the history of Kashan, the honor of Theraje, the lives of officials, and the lives of the people.
‘That Theraje… …
It’s not that I’m angry at the emperor for abandoning his responsibilities.
He hated seeing her, who had risen to the top of the world, earnestly clinging to life.
“Mother, I would rather… …
“Save me.”
Gando couldn’t say anything.
Said Gando, who had escaped the chaos of Havitz.
“That is all we want. If you accept the offer, I will open Aganos right away.”
Vulcan asked.
“What if I refuse?”
“At that time, Kashan will perish. But you will never get what the Gustav Empire wants.”
“Uorin.”
Havitz opened his mouth.
“Where are you?”
Gando pointed to the top layer of Aganos.
A white-haired woman was looking down from the window just below the fluttering white flag.
“What would you like to do?”
After looking up at the steeple for a long time, Habitz opened his mouth.
“Amon.”
Amon, clad in ironclad, stepped to the side.
“Kill them all.”
At the same time as the words fell, Amon’s sword passed by causing a black afterimage.
As if evaporating, the bodies of all the nobles were split in two except Gando, who disappeared as if turned into electricity.
“Kyaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!”
The ladies-in-waiting and attendants who were further away screamed and ran away.
“damn!”
Gando, who had cast spark magic, frowned and lay face down at the place where the crowd was splitting.
‘Did I notice?’
No, I just did whatever I wanted.
‘It’s definitely the Queen’s natural enemy.’
Now that Plan A had failed, Gando’s eyes were on Havitz, who was only 20 meters away.
‘If only I could kill… …
It was a life he gave up anyway.
Gando, who cast spark magic at the army of hell, cast lightning in front of Havitz.
“Aaaaaaa!”
Complete liberation that leaves no room for magic.
Blue electricity spread out in all directions, clawed the atmosphere dizzy, and caused a huge explosion.
Whoa!
‘I missed it!’
Amon’s subordinate, a division commander-level demon, embraced Habits and soared into the sky.
Sumodo let out a sigh of relief.
‘If the demons didn’t help, would Havits die?’
Vulcan drew his sword and came to the side.
“Sumodo, don’t make it complicated. Just don’t die, just stick that in your head.”
“… … Right. OK.”
Kashan’s Guards were pouring an offensive, but the 7th Corps Commander’s direct unit was also formidable.
“Was it a trap?”
Vulcan shook his head.
“no. Until a little while ago, the crowd flag hadn’t been able to catch any kills. I was really trying to surrender.”
“Then why the hell?”
Vulcan smiled bitterly.
“You’re amazing, Therazzee.”
They wanted to live even if it meant killing all of the nearly 1 billion people.
“Go to the spire!”
Amon flew to the spire in an instant, grabbed the woman standing in the window, and came down.
A woman with dyed white hair was trembling with fear.
“Sah, save me… …
She cried out in tears as she tried to beg for her life.
“Hurrah, Her Majesty!”
The Vulcan, who had been decapitated with a sword, looked back at the exhausted Gando and asked.
“Uorin. Where are you?”
Gando only raised one corner of his mouth with difficulty.
While the Five Stars remained silent adhering to their respective philosophies, the other stars argued.
Minnie jumped up and screamed.
“We must go to Kashan immediately! When the Three Emperors collapse, the power of the demons becomes even stronger!”
“Why should I? Kashan tried to attach himself to the demons. It is human to do anything for profit.”
“I agree. It’s a human thing anyway. The ivory tower pursues a transnational purpose… …
<Law Kill> roared again.
Aaaaaaaaaaa!
The voice disappeared like a lie, and all the stars turned to Sirone.
“Enough now.”
Ivory Tower.
The pinnacle of the magical world that is not swayed by any power and only pursues learning purely.
“I’m leaving the ivory tower.”
Minerva asked with a surprised expression at the unexpected remark.
“Sirone, what are you talking about?”
“Don’t get me wrong. It’s not that I’m angry or disappointed. Everyone here is right.”
The problem is that everyone is right.
“Are you not running away?”
Fried said without turning his head.
“I was acquainted with the Empress of Kashan. you back away I don’t know how it came to be like that. We plan the whole of this world. If it’s really for the sake of the world, go through it here. Try pressing us.”
“no.”
Sirone was adamant.
“Now I understand what you are saying. He said he came up to this position because he didn’t like being entangled with humans and was tired of arguing.”
“okay. That is the ivory tower.”
“So let’s go up.”
to a higher place.
Sirone opened her mouth, glaring coldly at Fried, who turned her head only then.
“I’m fed up with getting entangled with you guys.” Fried’s face turned red, and Thing looked at Sirone with an expression of interest.
Minerva burst out laughing.
‘okay. That’s how it’s like you.’
Sirone, who had snatched the trembling <False> in the air, approached Taeseong.
“If you start from the North Pole, it will be late. Please let me out of here.”
“… … Outside is space.”
Sirone looked down at the blue planet reflected under the transparent glass floor.
“It’s the fastest way.”
“all right.”
Strangely, Taeseong seemed to be in a good mood even though he was leaving the convocation without permission.
‘Yes, Sirone. The place you want to go is not the best, but something more.’
And someday, you will collide with me over that one and only place.
‘Material Earl.’
When Sirone emitted the light of Yahweh, a transparent sphere formed around him.
Minerva nodded.
” aha??????
If it could penetrate the atmosphere, it would go straight to Kashan.
When Taeseong raised his hands, the glass ball containing Sirone floated up to the ceiling.
“Remember, Sirone. You said you were leaving the Ivory Tower… …
In an instant, the glass ball escaped from the Temple of Earth.
“I do not allow it.”
Attracted by the planet’s gravity, the glass ball began to fall toward the desert at breakneck speed.

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-84.txt
=============YYYYY=============
Please enable JavaScript
[84] Light and darkness, good and evil (2)
Clearing her thoughts, Canis glared at Sirone. He was twisted at his smooth appearance, as if he had never suffered.
‘joy. You’ll think I’m a villain but… … .’
The power of darkness rose from the shadow of Canis. Even though it was cut down by the lighting magic, the speed of regeneration was amazing.
‘To me, all of you are evil!’
As the power of darkness rushed forward, Sirone wiped the ground clean with photon output. Then he picked up the photon cannon mounted in his right hand and threw it. Harvest intercepted and received it with his body. As the photon cannon burrowed into the body, Harvest’s body was pushed into the forest. However, far from being shocked, he provoked Sirone by flicking his long fingers.
“Quack. Come in, come in.”
The forest is like a home ground for the dark mage, but Sirone rushed into the forest without delay. Then he fired dozens of photons from left to right and right to left over her head.
Doo doo doo doo! Doo doo doo doo!
Hundreds of flares pierced the ceiling of the forest. Nade and Iruki stared at the sky, which had brightened like daylight, in dismay.
“That bastard, it’s triggered properly.”
“I guess you know that too. If Sirone can’t stop him, it’s a losing game in the end.”
Iruki slowly looked away. Lucas was following Sirone into the forest. Noticing gray smoke billowing in front of his eyes, he quickly threw himself away. The atomic bomb exploded with a bang, and Lucas, who stepped back 10 meters in an instant, glared at Iruki with terrifying eyes.
“You child… … .”
“Don’t do anything stupid. Because what you think, we think too. Just stand there.”
“That’s ridiculous.”
No matter how immature it is, to think that a wizard trainee or something like that would deal with a B-class criminal. When Lucas drew his twin swords, there was a gurgling sound. His temperament conveyed through the spirit zone was haze like burning firewood.
The range of bodies that can be strengthened with schema is infinite, but most of them use proven builds because unbalanced causes serious side effects.
A build that leans to one side will ruin the body. For example, if you put too much strain on the nervous system, the muscle can’t keep up with the speed of the nerve and burst.
The build currently used by Lucas is a mitochondrial build, which instantly increases energy efficiency by strengthening mitochondria, the energy factories of organisms.
Although it has the disadvantage of rapidly consuming stamina, the effect of simultaneously increasing the overall body was attractive, so it was the default build for most users.
‘It could be dangerous… … .’
Iruki checked Nade’s condition. Looking at Lucas with cold eyes reminded me of the summer five years ago. On a day when it rained heavily, the two collided. It was close to a miracle that Nade could laugh now. Perhaps he will never show his old face again. He hated the face that resembled the person he loved the most in the world.
“Careful, Nade. That guy is a schema user.”
“I know. Let’s increase the firepower and suppress them in the early stages.”
Lucas was dumbfounded. The word caution is used when avoiding a puddle or crossing a precarious bridge, not when a knife will sooner or later cut your throat.
“ha. Kids these days… … .”
Lucas, who was scratching his head, blurted out. At the same time, a golden flash was born between Nade and Iruki. The teleportation light flashed and two people appeared ten meters away from Lucas. Iruki looked at his chest. His clothes were cut sharply, and blood was leaking from the line drawn on his chest.
“are you okay?”
“It is not fatal. But it’s really fast.”
Even if magic was a transcendent power, the body of a wizard was definitely human. Excluding the magic effect, the ability to react and respond to the movement of the schema inspection was inevitably reduced.
However, if you think about it backwards, it was the same for the prosecutor. The power of magic is not something that can be endured with a schema. Even with student-level magic, if you allowed correct hits, you would lose your life.
Nade and Iruki concentrated their firepower. Atomic Bomb’s chain of explosions continued like a snake, and Nade calculated Lucas’ movement and fired a predictive shot. However, he couldn’t get a hit on a movement that was completely different from the mechanical patterns he had been training at school.
‘shit! There are quite a few young ones?’
The situation was not easy for Lucas. Due to the nature of the mitochondrial build, his stamina was dropping in seconds. When the energy metabolic rate was raised to the maximum, the speed jumped. Detouring the wide radius in an instant, he jumped up from Iruki’s side and brandished his twin swords. Nade, who ran from the other side, held out both of his hands. As the electric shock magic hit the abdomen, alternating vibrations shook the body at a speed of 60 times per second.
“Iruki! Now!”
Iruki was already preparing. Gray smoke rose from the stunned Lucas’ face. Watching his detonation reaction right in front of his eyes, Lucas tried to move his body with all his might. As if his muscles had been charred, he had no strength.
‘damn! damn!’
To be in danger of dying against only kids. No, are you really dying? When I was in an unexpected situation, I felt like I lost even the sense of reality.
Iruki was sure it was over. It was not a hasty decision as there was even a detonation reaction. However, the Spirit Zone suddenly disappeared. He started paralyzing his legs before he could figure out the cause. Before he knew it, the shadow of another person was connected beneath his feet. I could tell that it was Arin’s skill even without seeing it.
‘Damn it!’
Lucas fought his way out of the alternating current vibration. He then lunged at Nade, who humiliated him. His anger, which went to the threshold of death, reached an all-time high, and the matter containing his emotions flashed.
“Nade! Run away!”
Nade developed electricity in both hands even when he was affected by the Eye. Lucas opened his twin swords and tried to pass left and right. As the blade cut through the wind, unexpectedly thick pillars of ice surged on either side of Nade.
The twin swords plunged into the ice with a bang. Lucas’ eyes widened in shock. His swordsmanship can split even rocks. However, it was a situation where only one piece of ice could not be cut and was blocked.
A familiar face was reflected in Lucas’ eyes as he slowly turned around. She was the teacher, the woman he had just thrown down a cliff.
“Sensei Shiina!”
Nade shouted with a flash of color. But Shiina said nothing. She had dry eyes that couldn’t read emotions, and she was only looking at Lucas.
* * *
“ha. ha.”
Etella’s knees, leaning against the trunk of the tree, were bent as if they were about to collapse at any moment. She was the one who had a long 30-minute chase. Even so, she couldn’t completely outrun Arcane.
‘The poison is spreading. I can’t delay treatment any longer.’
Ethella sat down and tore the waist of her habit. Black blood flowed from the scar that passed over her navel. It was a wound from a poison cutter. She is preventing the poison from spreading by breathing, but it is only a temporary remedy. I had to suck her wounds to get her venom out, but it was an area that her lips couldn’t reach.
Ethella put her hands behind her hips, grabbed the trunk of the tree, and put on the grip. A crunching sound came from his spine as he bent his back as he lowered his head. As the erector spinae muscles lengthened the spine, the hips lifted off the ground and the lower back sharply bent. As I rolled my body into a spiral, my lips finally touched the bottom of his navel.
Etella pushed out all the toxins that permeated her body through her wounds. Then he filled her lungs with air and sucked through her wounds. The moment the poison drained from her, she felt a burning pain. She frowned between her brows and lifted her head vigorously. As she spat her venom out of her mouth, black blood dripped onto the grass. In an instant, the grass dried up.
Ethella’s face began to come alive again. Taking off her crooked glasses and throwing them on the floor, she wrapped her kimono, which she had just torn, around her fist and bumped into them.
“Whoa. I will live for a while now.”
As the swaying Spirit Zone regained its durability, the surrounding energy was transmitted through synesthesia. Opening her eyes wide, she kicked off the ground and took off. Dozens of black hands rose from the ground as if they were squeezing ink.
‘It’s already here… … .’
Being able to pursue Jonah, an expert in exploration, without a break was to prove how agile the Archmage of Darkness can be when facing darkness.
“Looks like the poison has been removed. The more I look at it, the more I like it.”
Arcane appeared after breaking the veil of darkness. However, Ethella did not have to run away any longer.
“It won’t be easy from now on.”
“Are you in the mood to do it right? Then, let’s enjoy it without hesitation.”
As Etela pushed power into her fist, the energy of the Yin-Yang Wave Fist filled up. Arcane quickly caught her change. She had completely given up on the Spirit Zone.
Wizards deal with the Spirit Zone, swordsmen deal with the schema. However, the capital trains both at the same time. This is because the significance of a monk’s existence is not to ascend to a high place, but to embrace the world with the broadest heart.
Arcane didn’t like that. If she had focused on one field from the beginning, she would not have known her name on the continent.
‘It’s a pity. Why did a talent who could stand on the top of the world choose composition? It would be foolish to say such a thing to someone who doesn’t even think of going up.’
Arcane reached out and cast a spell. If it was the opponent who used the schema, there was a countermeasure against it.
“Darkness.”
Countless spiders crawled out of the shadows of the forest. The sight of spiders the size of human heads gave me goose bumps.
Aaaaaaaaaaaaa!
However, the true value of the family of darkness began now. A dark golem with a height of more than 3 meters stood up next to Arcane.
His face was buried in his shoulders, his torso and limbs swollen as if wrapped in wool. Her arms were long and her legs short.
Dark Fellowship is a magic that casts shadowy powers that convert 100% of mental power into physical power. It was qualitatively different from the power of darkness that absorbs energy from the outside. It is not immune to light like magical creatures, but at night when the sun has fallen, there was no fighting weapon that would exert more power than this.
“Go, my people.”
It was Dark Spider who opened fire. It was impossible to even figure out how many were moving as the number of them got tangled together.
Etella swung her jab and bounced the spiders in all directions. Then, when she fired a straight line at the spider’s cluster, she let out a pop and the shadows scattered.
Aaaaa!
The Dark Golem broke through the flying spiders and attacked. Her thick forearms slammed her into the ground as Etella flailed her body like her flying squirrel. As the ground rippled like a wave, it could not withstand the shock and exploded. Ethella’s face turned pale at the power of her earth magic comparable to that of Rubtion. Since all of the Archmage’s mental power was converted into physical power, her physical strength was beyond imagination.
The golem with both hands on the ground turned its head. Then, drawing an arc with his arms as if wielding a hammer, he attacked again.
bang! bang! bang! bang!
Etella recklessly retreated in response to a chained attack with both fists swinging like windmills. The ultimate weapon equipped with speed, flexibility and destructive power was the Dark Golem.
Since it was impossible to retreat forever, Etella stepped on the ground and confronted the Dark Golem after escaping.
Aaaaa!
Etella jumped into the arms of the dark golem that stood up like a barrier and punched her side.
Phew!
The giant golem staggered. As the equivalent exchange took place, a shock rushed through the mind of the Arcane.
—————————————

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-840.txt
=============YYYYY=============
Participation (1)
Uorin left Aganos, the imperial castle, wearing a shabby robe.
There was not even an attendant to help her, and only Kido, who would protect her life, was following her side.
An explosion was heard in the distance.
“Is the negotiation broken?”
Kido took off his hood and looked up at the sky toward the front gate of Aganos.
Wu Lin did not stop walking.
“I wouldn’t have even tried. To be precise, Havitz is doing whatever he wants.”
Havitz’s chaos is the height of contingency, going wild outside the laws of the world.
Kido followed Uorin and asked.
“If it is impossible to predict Harvitz, what is a fixed future?”
“The law is a collection of ideas. Outside the law is chaos. Ideas and chaos interlock to produce specific results. Therefore, even Havitz has a certain future… …
“It means that the law cannot calculate how you will arrive at that future.”
Uorin nodded.
“The world has already lost control. The wheel of good and evil is spinning rapidly around humans. The end of the world is not far away.”
“But why are you… …
Kido stopped talking and closed his mouth.
‘The world is coming to an end.’
In a ruined world with nothing to gain, what does Uorin want to leave behind?
A woman’s voice was heard from the sky.
“The Empress.”
A person wearing a white owl mask circled through the air and landed in front of them.
When the mask was removed, the face of a pale woman with thick eyes was revealed.
It was Yula, the leader of Poongjang.
“How is it?”
“Everywhere is blocked. Hell’s army of over 10 million has completely shut down the capital.”
Currently, 99 Fengzhang, excluding her, are wandering around the capital looking for a way out.
“okay?… ”
As a shadow fell over Uorin’s face, Kido tried to pretend to be strong.
“Hong, it doesn’t matter. It’s not like you have to deal with 10 million people. Let’s break through the weakest side.”
“It’s already a shame that doesn’t mean anything like that. Where one could see a gap, Wu Lin cut her off.
“find. I will break through there.”
“All right.”
Yula immediately flew up into the sky.
“Let’s go too. You have to get away from the imperial castle as much as possible. I have no choice but to blend in with the crowd.”
After leaving the alley, demons were brutally trampling the Kashan people.
‘This is hell.’
Demons flapping dark wings filled the sky, making it impossible to see even the sun.
“let’s go.”
Kido, who hid the spear in his robe, led Uorin.
‘It’s fortunate that there are many humans in the capital.’ The demons’ behavior was horrifying, but if they were killing machines, they wouldn’t have had time to escape.
“Help me! please… … !”
There is no one to help them.
But for Uo Rin, who once ruled Kashan, that earnest cry pierced her heart.
“Don’t think about anything. I’ll think about it, so you just focus on walking.”
The movement of Kido moving out of the eyes of the demons was also tense.
“Ha ha ha! This is mine!”
A 2-meter-tall demon charged at them with an ax stained with blood.
“run!”
He kicked off the ground and started running, but wherever he went, demons were everywhere.
“Run away! run away!”
The Demons, who were the only ones among those who had given up on the lively prey, attacked all at once.
“damn!”
Kido, who had stopped running, fluttered his robe and took out the double-edged spear he had hidden.
“Stay there!”
Kido, who had shouted at Uorin, rolled on the ground and circled around at great speed.
The demons instantly turned into pieces.
“What, what?”
Demons who realized that they were not common runaways rushed in groups and narrowed the siege.
“Big!”
As if a machine were grinding them, the flesh of the demons mercilessly splattered outside the radius of Kido.
‘There is no end.’
Even if it was a machine, it was a number that would be more than enough to damage the blade if it was changed to this extent.
“Kiddo!”
Hearing Uorin’s voice, Kido caught sight of the rear through the rotating afterimages.
Three Demons were attacking Urin through Kido’s Blade Hell.
“damn!”
As I slid forward on the floor and cut off their legs, the demon holding on to Uorin’s clothes let out a scream.
“Kuaaaaa!”
When Uorin’s face was revealed as her clothes were ripped off, the demons stopped moving.
“The Empress, the Empress!” A sacrifice that Satan so desires.
“Contact Headquarters!”
The moment the demons with wings kicked off the ground and flew into the sky, Kido’s eyes widened.
“Yaaaaa!”
As the law of the earth was activated to the limit, dozens of demons were pulled into the ground.
“Keugh! this, this… … !”
Kido, who attracted the demons with gravity, rotated the double-edged spear at a terrifying speed.
Boo woo woo!
The afterimage of the blade revealed the shape of a sphere.
“Kuaaaaa!”
Like a fire moth jumping into a fire, the bodies of the demons that collided with the sphere of the blade were pulverized with a loud sound.
“ha! ha!”
When he stopped spinning and looked around, the demons nearby were annihilated.
Kido looked at Uorin.
” are you okay?”
“uh. But they will come back.” Kido took off his robe and said.
“First, put on my clothes. the face tells
surface… …
“The Empress.”
The people of Kashan, who were hiding all over the streets, approached with dazed expressions.
“really… … Are you the queen?” Wu Lin, who was looking at them with a pale face, bit her lip and avoided their gaze.
People were shocked because they heard rumors that Uorin would save Kashan by being handed over to Gustaf.
Kido narrowed his eyes and looked around.
‘I can’t bear to speak directly, but I can tell just by looking at his expression.’
They looked like they were asking questions.
Where are you going?
With no attendants and shabby clothes, where the hell are you going? The answer came spontaneously from each person’s head.
‘They’re running away.’
Sensing the seriousness of the situation, Kido stood in front of Wu Orin and shouted.
“Get out of the way! I will kill anyone who gets in my way!”
Seeing the inaction of Kido who tore the demons to shreds, the residents faltered and retreated.
Even so, the reason why he couldn’t escape was probably because of the anger boiling deep in his heart.
“Ha ha ha! Gathered over there! Enjoy your cut!”
A group of demons were coming from the block across the street with their menacing eyes on them.
“Follow me! hurry!”
Kido grabbed Uorin by the wrist and walked towards the people blocking his path.
‘I have no choice but to kill him.’
Just as he was about to slash his throat while swinging his double-edged spear, the crowd split left and right like a lie.
“Go. We will buy time.”
Kido didn’t understand their decision, but Uorin left without a word.
‘Because I am the queen. Because it’s a noble life.’
Their judgment to find even a single meaning at the end of despair is too foolish.
‘I am above that foolishness.’ If so, use it thoroughly. If everyone had a reason to live anyway, only I would think and act.
“Long live Her Majesty! Long live Kashan!” Behind the fleeing Uorin, the voices of the people being trampled by the demons could be heard.
‘Havitz.’
Uorin gritted his teeth.
‘Havitz!’ The entire legacy of Theraje was being destroyed.
“Aaaaaaaaaaa!”
Uorin clenched her fists tightly, looked up at the sky, and screamed.
The vast territory of Kashan was reflected in Sirone’s eyes as he pierced the atmosphere.
‘I do not have time. As close as possible.’
The glass sphere being restored with the material’s ability finally melted and disappeared with the heat.
‘That’s it!’
At that point, Sirone spread her wings and flew with all her might towards Aganos, the golden castle of Kashan.
‘It’s amazing.’
Even though there were still 20 kilometers to go to the capital, the sight of the army of hell completely covering the sky and the earth was clearly visible.
“Commander! An airplane is coming!”
A red light lit up in the eyes of Vanessa, commander of the 3rd division of the 7th corps, at the report of the guards.
Wearing heavy armor reminiscent of a rhinoceros, he moved along, dragging a two-ton steel ball connected by a chain.
“Yahweh… …
The moment he checked Sirone’s face, his rotted face was grotesquely crumpled.
“All troops go! Punish the abominable Yahweh!”
“Kiaaaaa!”
The demons, who had suddenly changed into faces of hatred and hatred, all jumped out, exposing their fangs.
Sirone realized that the ground was shaking even before the horizon was revealed.
‘come.’
A group of black people who occupied the end and end of the field of view were rushing with tremendous force.
‘philanthropy.’
I want to believe that there is no evil that cannot be repented of.
‘A thousand times, ten thousand times, I can forgive. I can give you 100,000 or 1,000,000 chances.’
If only that blind love had distorted a child named Habitz… … .
‘I have to teach you!’
As Sirone’s eyes widened, the incarnation of the light angel soared high into the sky.
‘What am I doing wrong.’
Angel’s Punishment.
As soon as the archangel finished throwing the spear, the spear of light crashed into the ground.
Aaaaaang!
A huge crater was created at the place where the shock wave exploded, but tens of thousands of demons restored the space again.
“Khehehe! Yahweh! You’re not good enough!”
When the voices of the demons were close enough to be heard, Sirone brought out the <Law Kill>.
‘I won’t run out of control.’
With the heart of Yahweh who loves everything.
‘So how angry are you? Even half of the anger I have to deal with… …
even half of that.
“Enduring endlessly, splitting and splitting again.”
A piece of anger smaller than dust, a single particle of that anger… … .
“Even half and half!”
The <Spell> that escaped from Sirone’s hand began to vibrate with a width of more than 10 meters.
“I want you to know something!”
Leaving Sirone’s side, <Swordsman> let out a scream that seemed to tear the sky apart.
Aaaaaaaaaa!
A demon was the first to find it.
“Is that????
The moment I felt something flying, I heard the sound of demons breaking through from all directions.
Puff puff puff puff!
No one could see the trajectory of <Slaughter>.
“Kuaaaaa!”
Only the belated scream at the end of extinction echoed endlessly like a 4-dimensional space.
Vanessa shouted, clutching the handle of the mace.
“what’s the matter!”
Every time the black afterimage drew a zigzag line, the demons were falling.
Vanessa’s shoulders trembled as she watched her subordinates being erased at the rate of a thousand per second.
‘That’s it?… “
A black monster that seemed to reflect Yahweh’s wrath was roaming the battlefield.
The trembling voices of the brigade commanders were heard.
“Hey, Yahweh… …
Vanessa’s eyes grew serious.
‘We’re getting scared.’
To Yahweh, not Buddha.
“Stop talking nonsense! This is proof that Yahweh is no different from us.
Wasn’t it!”
“Ugh, aaaaaa!”
All the demons lined up behind Vanessa started running away with frightened expressions.
Yaaaaaaaaaaaaa!
<Law Kill> roared a second time, permanently losing Vanessa’s hearing.
“Great!”
As the blade swept straight ahead, Vanessa swung her mace with all her might.
“Gagging!”
However, before the iron ball even floated in the air, <Swordsman> pierced through the middle of his chest.
Vanessa’s eyes, as she collapsed on her knees, contained Sirone’s wide wings.
“Even, run away… …
In an instant, Sirone passed by.
“Strike it.”
Vanessa mumbled helplessly as she fell face down on the ground.
“Hey Satan… …

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-841.txt
=============YYYYY=============
participation in the war (2)
Silence fell in the Ivory Tower Earth Temple. The movement of <Law Murder>, reflected by Gaia’s ability, was to the extent that even the Five Stars were silent.
“Is that <Slaughter>?”
It was penetrating the demons with such fast movements that it could only be seen from a high-altitude point of view.
“I know you’re breaking the law.”
“Of course it is.”
Minerva, the original owner of Law Killer, smiled bitterly.
“The fuel is different. There is no need to change the law because you can kill in the most intuitive way.”
“It is the anger of Yahweh… …
Fried checked the ground again.
He frowned as he watched Sirone gallop along the road opened by <Swordsman>.
‘Sick of it?’
The stars of the ivory tower don’t get many chances to see each other’s faces in their lifetime.
Just contemplate the world from a high place and do what you want to do according to your convictions.
‘How long has it been since the meeting was held… …
The actions of Sirone, who ran out of the Ivory Tower in disgust, lingered in his mind.
“You look at people funny.”
Freed stood up from his seat, biting his lips.
“Go to Kashan.”
Minerva turned her head.
“You mean to fight? Wasn’t it the opinion of the System Inspection Department that it wouldn’t care which side won?”
“There is no need to mock. This great summons, Sirone carried through. It was probably the only way to break my faith.”
As Sirone pointed upward, the beliefs of the remaining people lost their persuasiveness.
‘Damn you kid. Just do it in moderation.’
The Five Great Stars reached their destination through the fiercest competition in mankind.
However, if one of them runs again, the remaining four have no choice but to run.
Thing sighed softly.
“also… … Should I go up?” She rose from her seat, unable to accept that her illusion was higher than herself.
“I am also going to Kashan.”
The emotions of the stars were disturbed by the sudden situation, but Taeseong smiled gently.
‘Thank you, Sirone.’
It’s not a choice anyone can make.
It was like asking a climber who had reached the top of Mount Tai to fly in the sky this time.
‘It will be difficult, but you have to lead.’
As Amanta joined them on their way to Kashan, Mi Nerva swung her jet and approached them.
“Should I jump?”
Without the ability of material, it was unreasonable for even the five great stars of the world to fall from space.
“Jump in Corona Kingdom.”
“But the terminal in Kashan must have been occupied by demons and sealed off?”
“You can go to Molton Kingdom. From there, head north to Kashan’s capital. Two hours would be enough for us.”
‘It’s dangerous… …
Minerva, who was watching Kashan’s war situation, hid her inner feelings and trembled.
“Isn’t Sirone going to finish everything like this?”
Fried snorted.
“It’s an army of 10 million people. It’s Harvey that <Slaughter> is aiming for, but there is a limit to its durability. Besides, there is Amon, the commander of the 7th corps.”
That was the most worrisome part.
“The commanders of the 1st through 10th corps are direct descendants of Satan. In any case, it should be regarded as conforming to the Five Stars. It’s not at a level where you can do anything while breaking through an army of 10 million.”
They were the essence of the Ten Commandments of chaos, the illogical demon born from Satan.
<Law Kill> cried.
Because the speed was so fast, it seemed that the cries could be heard from all directions, and the demons were mesmerized.
“what’s this! this… …
Without knowing how he had been beaten, the demon with a hole in his chest fell to the floor with a thump.
The eyes of Sirone, who followed him, shone.
‘see.’
Emperor Aganos of Kashan.
However, the problem was that the number of enemies increased as they approached.
‘The dagger’s durability is reaching its limit.’
Although it is attacking the weakest part according to the law, it has already penetrated more than 100,000 muscles.
“Aww! Save me, live……r
A shock wave exploded with a thud from inside the camp of the demons retreating in groups.
“Kuee!”
As the demons were torn to pieces, dust spread in a radius of tens of meters.
“The pitiful things.”
Division commander Volkaino.
It was a demon with four thick arms and lower fangs that reached up to the cheekbones.
“Don’t run away! It’s just a weapon made of iron! If you kill and kill, it will eventually break!”
The confusion of the demons disappeared at once.
“You will die! Worship Satan with death! You are showing the abominable Yahweh an example!”
As Volcaino’s demonic energy spread, 300,000 soldiers glared at Sirone at the same time.
For an ordinary human being, it was so hostile that even that alone would take their breath away.
‘He’s a strong guy.’
Even now <Slaughter> was killing the demons, but no one escaped anymore.
“okay! You are afraid of Yahweh! This is the devil’s shame! Attack!”
When the brigade commander shouted, the switches of the demons were turned on in perfect order along the chain of command.
“Kill!”
There were so many enemies that Sirone, who ran without looking back, had no time to squeeze through.
It was like seeing a group of mayflies, and the moment they formed a sphere around Sirone, a curtain of light spread out.
‘Multiple width.’
The demons were crushed with a roar, but the number of enemies seemed infinite to feel.
‘There is no end!’
Fireballs flew from the sky, and ice thorns attacked Sirone as they wrapped around the ground like a torrent.
Lightning and gale, heat and poison were mixed, thousands of tridents and tens of thousands of arrows rained down.
The one-sided bombing, where counterattacks were unthinkable, was a characteristic of the demons who did not even care about the death of their allies.
‘stop!’
Time stopped, and all demons within a radius of 2 km stopped moving.
‘Where do I start?’
As soon as he finished thinking, the scenery shook and 12 people in black rose from the ground.
time without law.
They were the priests of hell who showed up in the gap of 0.666 seconds per second.
“We are Shiok. Ruler of the prison of time. Yahweh, I have come to ask for your forgiveness.”
“Forgiveness?”
Sirone asked coldly.
“I will give you anything you want. So why don’t you just let go of your anger?”
‘It must have been like this.’
It reminded me of Mortasinger, the terrorist of the world beauty pageant, disappearing right in front of my eyes.
“All I want is for all demons to repent.”
“it’s possible.”
“no.”
With these sweet whispers, Mortasinger was dragged to Hell.
“You guys deserve some punishment.” She spoke in a muddy voice unlike Si-ok’s before.
“Don’t try, Yahweh. The world is already evil.”
The 12 priests who opened the black booklets began to sing a vicious dirge.
“AA AA AA.”
Twelve people slipped away and fell outside the radius of the stop magic.
The roar of the enemies caught in the air exploded again, and despite the stop magic, the attack was poured out.
“this!”
In order to evade, there was no choice but to cancel the magic, and the flash of space movement soared into the sky.
“There! Catch it!”
When he first deviated from the trajectory that traveled the shortest distance to Aganos, the demons chased after him.
‘I’ll stop it for now!’
The light of Yahweh flowed along the body, and the ground crumpled into a whirlpool around Sirone.
“Keew!”
The demons, whose legs were crushed, struggled with both hands with only their upper bodies sticking out.
Fire was put out with water, lightning was melted with iron, and the thorns of ice were melted with flames.
‘Separate.’
When the name of Yahweh was commanded, the earth split in two and thousands of demons fell.
‘Close up.’
Koo-goo-goo-goo!
Goosebumps pierced through the cracks in the ground that gradually narrowed, and a shrieking sound jumped out.
“Keeeh!”
Yahweh’s sword was the only thing that blocked Nane’s attack called the sermon.
There were over two hundred types of attacks, but none of them could harm Sirone.
‘I can hold on.’
Shirone, defending with Yahweh’s power, collected the <Dharma Kill> that was trampling everywhere.
Again, the length of the blade is cut in half.
‘If you pierce the armor in this state, it will break.’ That was exactly what Volcaino was aiming for, and having achieved the desired result, he charged forward.
“Yahweh! Is it just this much?”
Sirone firmly gripped the handle of <Swordsman>.
‘Material Earl!’
As the black substance was synthesized, it was united in <Math> and changed into the shape of a gigantic monster.
I can live by name.
‘This is all it takes.’
Even if the blade wears out, Sirone’s anger will not dull.
“Quaaaaaaaa!”
The sprinkler equipped with the <Law Kill> as an engine burst out at Volcaino with a scream.
“By the power of Satan!”
The moment Volcaino’s eyes were wide open as he grabbed the head of the killer with four arms.
“This, this… … !”
The impact was so powerful that even the essence of the demon was shaken, crushing the bones of the whole body.
“Ugh, ugh!”
Volcaino’s body exploded.
“ha. ha.”
10,000 troops gathered around Sirone, who exhaled heavily and regained consciousness.
However, in front of the black monster that exudes an exciting energy, no one could approach it.
‘It’s not easy after all.’
Sirone climbed on the back of the watering can and looked at Aganos.
The face of the killer who sucked the wrath of Yahweh was stretched like a blade.
“let’s go.”
At the same time as the water spray spurred the ground, a hole was punched through the siege net.
“damn! Chase!”
The demons belatedly prepared to follow, but Sirone had already passed through the outer gate of the capital.
‘Wait, Harbitz!’
“Come this way!”
Carrying Uorin on his back, Kido ran down the complicated road toward the place where Pungzhang guided him.
‘I can escape if I go a little further.’ Just when they thought they could see hope, a ruthless murder took over the two of them.
“Keugh!”
As Uorin rolled on the floor, risking injury, black afterimages cut through the air.
‘I will die just by living.’
Kido looked back at Uorin.
” are you okay?”
“… … uh.”
Even though it was Uorin, her life was saved, but when she heard her voice, she was in a dangerous situation.
A demonic swordsman in black armor was standing where Kido raised his head.
“What else are you?”
His legs trembled spontaneously at the qualitatively different presence from the demons he had fought so far.
“Amon, Commander of the 7th Corps.”
A light of despair flashed in Uorin’s eyes.
‘It’s finally moving.’
“Protect the Empress!”
The 20 wind chiefs who were leading them gathered from the sky and rushed towards Amon.
Moving like a storm, they created a body curtain and swung their swords like crazy.
The air vibrated, and the darkness created by the overlapping of afterimages gradually became transparent, revealing Amon’s appearance.
“damn??????
The wind jang of 20 people was turned into pieces and fell to the floor.
“That’s my weak point.”
Amon drew his sword and approached.
“I’m not trying to hide my life.”
That’s why Kido lived, but the words of Fungjang who approached Amon were miserable.
“Are you the queen?”
Uorin glared at Amon.
“How did you find me?”
The answer came from behind Amon.
“Do you know why I followed Kashan and not Zetaro?”
Sumodo, who walked away with a sneer, pointed to his own eyes and said.
“I need my eyes to find the runaway rat.”
It was an ability at the time of indecision.
“It’s unfortunate. Even if he had to abandon the empire, he would have hated being caught by us. What are you going to do now? Are you going to commit suicide here?”
“I am not dying.”
If he was going to die just because his body was broken, he would not have abandoned 1 billion people.
‘Sirone, please… …
If only I could see him one more time.
“It’s been a while, Empress.”
Amon and Sumodo opened the way at the same time, and Habits, covered in blood, appeared.
‘Havitz!’
Uorin’s teeth were grinding.

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-842.txt
=============YYYYY=============
Participation in the war (3)
The elite soldiers of the 7th Corps of Hell’s Army were guarding the entrance to Aganos, the imperial castle.
“Kill him.”
Gando, who was already seriously injured, stared at the enemies while lying on the wall.
“Kill?”
Vulcan walked through the demons.
“Do you see such an honor in you?”
Although the throne was inherited, there would be no one in Kashan who considered Gando as emperor.
‘Until we catch Uorin, we must keep him alive.’
“Damn it… …
Realizing the miserable reality, Gando leaned against the wall and looked up at the sky.
‘mother.’
It was strange how she didn’t hold grudges even in the face of death.
‘That is the emperor.’
A person who is born with the same life and enjoys everything that others cannot have, but takes it for granted.
‘I’ll never be able to do that.’
Did Uorin escape safely?
‘Smodo went. It’s only a matter of time before we pursue them.’
Poongjang and Kido followed, but Amon and the demons had a different temperament from the other corps commanders.
‘It’s not just strong. something strange… …
Before Jiando could think, a strange noise came from the outer wall of the capital.
Aaaaang!
The elite soldiers of the Asmodians trembled involuntarily at the echo that echoed through the sky.
“what?”
Vulcan looked back.
Although it is not yet visible, the seriousness of the crowd deception was able to be seen.
“Sick. What the hell is this?”
Crowd flag is a huge flow that reads each will on the battlefield in an integrated manner.
And the current that the Balkans are seeing was a form that could only be seen in the event of a natural disaster.
‘Did a volcano explode?’
Even so, it was impossible for the crowd of demons to be so frightened.
‘It’s not a disaster. It’s a feeling.’
anger.
Huge emotions were approaching, swallowing up the demons’ speculation like a tsunami.
“Leave only the escorts and deploy all of them. Whatever it is, never let it come this far.”
excellent judgment.
Being able to read the flow of the battlefield has such a powerful advantage.
But after a while, Vulcan realized the illusion.
‘It transcended the realm of emotion.’
As the image of the crowd was realized, Balkan’s head gradually rose to the sky.
‘Is this enough? No, it’s bigger.’ The shape of the monster cannot be captured even with the sky as the background.
‘More thorough.’
It was armed with a strong will that could not be broken by anything.
the adjutant shouted.
“Soldier! excuse me!”
When Vulcan hurriedly lowered his head, the reality of the huge illusion came into his eyes.
A sprinkler equipped with the <Law Kill> as an engine was running towards this place with Sirone on his back.
The black thorns were stretched out like spears, and the demons burst out at the same time as the collision.
‘Can you stop it?’
Looking back later, a pitiful question that would make you blush came to Balkan’s head.
“Shit!”
If they had been able to stop it in the first place, such an abnormal crowd would not have been read.
Sirone shouted at the castle.
“Havitz-!”
As Elysion’s spirit cast multiple beams, a curtain of light overlapped in all directions.
“Keuek! Kkeke!”
The bones of the demons were randomly twisted and turned into chunks of meat like crumpled paper.
‘I can’t stop that.’
Vulcan shouted while riding on the beast’s back.
“I will go to His Majesty! Guide me!”
The demon with wings set out to find Havitz, and Vulcan kicked the demon’s side with his foot.
“run! I do not have time!”
My stomach groaned as if I was about to vomit.
‘Let’s stay calm. Habits don’t die.’ No matter how many dice are rolled, no matter how much arrows rain down, no matter how powerful the enemy is in your way.
‘The death itself doesn’t happen!’
Then, what is the terrifying mob still chasing the Balkans?
Aaaaang!
When I turned my head to the monster’s hallucinations, darkness as sharp as an awl encroached on my surroundings.
‘The law.’
Power went into Balkan’s eyes.
‘The law is changing.’
Yahweh is also useless without Buddha?
‘I came in after eating Buddha! this is my way… … !’
This is dangerous.
‘Is it the so-called whirlwind? They must not like what we’re doing.’
The law of the world and the chaos of Habitz were in a power struggle over one future.
‘I can’t tell. I can’t guarantee this.’
The Witchbeast who burned the Vulcan moved his feet even faster.
“Kiddo!”
Amon’s blow knocked Kido against the wall with a bang.
“Huh.”
I struggled to stand up, but my legs trembled because the shock had pierced my body.
“are you okay. I can still hold on.” It was a lie.
‘Really strong. It’s impossible for me alone. The 80 remaining Fungzhangs were currently traveling around the capital looking for an escape route.
‘I have to buy time.’
“That is strange.”
said Amon, slung the sword over his shoulder.
“I’ve killed a lot of guys who look like you. Did you say goblin? They had a lot more guts than humans.” “But you must hate humans? No, was it food? But why do you protect humans?”
Why?
I came to Kashan after receiving Uorin’s offer, but there was no reason to stay aboard the sinking shipwreck.
‘Why am I fighting for this woman?’
Humans are food for goblins.
No matter what kind of clothes or ornaments they were decorated with, it was just a wrapping paper that wrapped the meat in the end.
‘It’s like the height of pretense.’
To Kido, who is all about feeding and breeding, Urin’s life is absurdly splendid and splendid… … .
‘Do you know what he can be? You know what to eat and pack! How is it different from other animals?’
It was so beautiful.
‘I dare to put a dog collar on the goblin king.’
Occasionally, when she was bored, Uorin would play with a rope around Kido’s neck.
– Kido, look at meongmeong, meongmeong.
Actually, it didn’t feel too bad.
‘That’s just what being human is, well. I was dumbfounded so I stayed quiet. what fun is that… …
Kido smiled bitterly when he remembered Uorin crawling on his stomach.
‘Damn it.’
Guess I’ll have to die here.
“Kiyi!”
As Kido rolled on the floor and invoked the Avatar, an illusion unfolded in which the ground swayed like a swamp.
‘After tying it up with the Earth Binding Command… … !’
With Amon’s legs stuck to the ground, Kido thrust the spear straight ahead.
‘It stabs the heart!’
As Amon grabbed the blade, the iron glove clicked and sparks flew.
“Do you still have strength left? Give up. You cannot surpass me with your skills.”
The corners of Kidou’s mouth went up.
“Is it really so?”
Incarnation – mastery of sources.
The spearhead, which he had been firmly holding on to, began to advance little by little, ignoring his physical strength.
“This??????
“Nothing to touch.”
The blade’s atoms sliced through Amon’s atoms until they finally reached the pit of the stomach.
“Keuuugh!”
Amon’s face crumpled in embarrassment.
‘Caught.’
The moment he pierced through Amon’s armor with confidence, a terrifying feeling swept over Kido.
‘what?’
An indescribably twisted demonic energy was being transmitted through the window.
“Kuaaa!”
Amon, who broke the siege and threw himself, thrust his sword into Kido’s abdomen.
“Ouch!”
Following the escaping sword, Kido, who shook his shoulders, grabbed his stomach and knelt down.
“It’s quite the way. To hurt my demonic body directly. I’m sure it’s more than enough for a division commander.”
Kido, who fell face down on the ground, scratched the floor with his fingernails in excruciating pain.
‘Damn it!’
Even Kido collapsed, and the blood drained from Uorin’s face.
“Is it over now?”
Habitz moved on nonchalantly.
“Is this the first time since we met in the temple? I was indebted to before. It came almost to the top of my neck, but it was a pity.”
He knew that the black man who tried to kill Havitsu using <Law Kill> was Uorin.
And as a result, he became Satan at the cost of the person he loved most.
‘Habits. villainy. chaos.’
Uorin’s shoulders trembled as she felt the demonic energy emanating from Havitz.
It felt like being eaten by a giant snake.
“What do you think I will do to you? lets think. What do you think?”
‘Everything you can do.’
But what really scared me was that whatever I could imagine would transcend it.
‘I can’t die like this.’
From the beginning of human history until now, it was a life that he endured only to meet Sirone.
Havits, who was looking at Uorin’s resolute eyes after she had finished her resolution, searched for her arms.
“But now I wonder what that means.”
A look of bewilderment appeared on Woorin’s face.
“So let’s make sense. Who is stronger between you and me?”
Harbitz took out two hexahedral dice and threw them at Uorin’s feet.
The number on the die is 3 by adding 2 and 1.
“Roll it. If a number higher than me comes up, I die, and if a number comes out lower than me, you die.”
The odds were very favorable for Uorin, but her face went white as she looked down at the dice.
If you added 1 and 1 to get 2, you would definitely throw it.
‘It’s over.’
No matter what humiliation she suffered, as long as she had her life attached, she would be able to meet Sirone.
‘I don’t even care about human pleasure anymore. I can’t be satisfied with that.’
What Havitz wanted from Wu-Lin wasn’t just physical pain.
‘I can’t win.’
Even if you don’t roll the dice, you can already see through the future what side will come out
was going
“Roll it. Before I just kill them.”
As Uorin’s face showed a look of despair, Kido gritting his teeth and stood up.
“Don’t talk nonsense.”
“Your height?… ”
“I can still hold on. If you wait until the wind blows… … Gagging!”
A bowl of blood poured from Kido’s mouth.
Havitz, who confirmed that all he had to do was wait for death, pulled out his knife and said,
“This is your last chance.”
Uorin slowly bent down and held out her hand toward the dice.
‘The moment I roll this dice… … i die
For no will can change the chaos outside the law.
‘The only way… …
To follow the will of chaos.
Uorin stopped moving and knelt on the ground.
“Help me.”
Kido opened his eyes wide at the unexpected situation.
“you… …
“I was wrong. Please forgive me for being rude so far.”
Kido’s face twisted.
‘What are you doing? Why are you begging for your life from that bastard? Aren’t you the noblest woman in the world?
Harvits asked.
“why?”
Uorin raised her head.
“I have someone I love. I would like to meet that person. Please have mercy……
“stand up!”
Kido vomited blood and shouted.
“I mean stand up! I will never let you die! I said I’d protect you somehow!” Sumodo said.
“It’s great to let go of your pride, but that doesn’t change anything. No matter how much I beg… …
Harvits stopped talking.
“Love?”
” your majesty.”
Uorin looked up into Harbitz’s eyes.
‘Cold and scary pupils of chaos.’
Translated into human emotions, absolute solitude was nailed to his pupils.

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-843.txt
=============YYYYY=============
Participation (4)
‘What is evil?’
Is chaos, is it even lonely?
A being who cannot communicate with anyone outside the law and cannot even understand himself.
Because he is so lonely, even if he kills the whole world, he will not feel the inspiration.
“I say I love you? who? This goblin?”
In terms of whether a human can love a beast, it was a question that only Havitz could ask.
“This is Sirone.”
Sadness crept into Kido’s eyes.
“Sirone?”
Sumodo said.
“This is the Wizard of the Ivory Tower I mentioned before. The Balkans define him as the fraternity of this world.”
“Oh, that guy. Hmm.”
Harvits looked up at the sky.
What are you thinking?
Did the word love even bring to mind Abella, whom he had killed with his own hands?
Wu Lin shook her head.
‘no. I have no idea.’
Chaos is like that.
Everyone attaches meaning to Havitz’s actions, but in reality, it is random coincidences that move him.
“Why did you do that?”
Harbitz lifted Uorin’s chin with the tip of his toe.
“Did you think that because you were the Three Emperors, because you were the Empress of Kashan, you could defeat me? Did you really think you were stronger than me?” I thought there was a chance of winning.
However, when he came to the future that Havitz had reached, he realized how futile his hopes were.
‘You’re almost there? gibberish.’ Even if <Law Killing> pursued Havitz to the bottom of his chin, a failure would be just a failure.
‘Probabilities are meaningless to Havitz.’
This is because even with a 0.()1 percent probability, the one who exists through it is Havitz.
‘A monster created by the universe.’
Uorin defined Habitz as such.
“I didn’t know the subject. i can’t beat you Please have mercy on me.”
Wu Lin said with sincerity.
“I want to live.”
There had never been such a servile moment in Theraje’s life, but there was no resentment.
‘This is defeat. That’s all.’ This world is structured so that no one can win, and in the extreme, there was only one winner.
Taeraje was close to the peak, but he just couldn’t jump over the last barrier.
‘Currently, the one who rules the world is Harvey Tsu.’
Harvits said.
“Okay, I’ll save you.”
Uorin raised her head, but Havits turned away, disinterested.
“let’s go.”
Sumodo asked in bewilderment.
“Where are you going?”
“To another battlefield. Shouldn’t you finish conquering the world before I call you back?”
Who the hell is calling Harvitz?
“I am going to the Central Continent. Here, tell Vulcan to take care of it. Do you like things like this?”
When Havitz blew a whistle, the magical beast that had been orbiting the sky quickly landed on the ground.
He boarded the wide back, pointed at Uorin right before taking off and said.
“work hard. Enjoy it.”
In the position where her life was saved by the strongest enemy in her life, Uorin felt an indescribable bizarre feeling.
“why… …
Even if I threw away my pride, as a woman with the name Theraje, I couldn’t help but ask.
“Are you saving me?”
Shame set in.
“You were my biggest enemy. It’s because of me that her wife died. Why?”
“You said you wanted to live?”
The simpler the answer, the more complex the thought.
“I am the Empress of Kashan. It might hit you in the back later and also say, “I don’t know what you’re talking about.”
Harvits was indifferent.
“It doesn’t matter whether it’s the queen or not. After all, no one is stronger than me. If you hit me in the back, it’s enough to fight again.”
The pinnacle of self-exaggeration.
Since it is good and evil defined by humans, he does not even know whether what he is doing is good or evil.
The chaos itself is atrocious.
“It was fun. hi.”
Wu Orin was lost in thought while Sumodo stared blankly at the beast that was moving away across the sky.
‘hi? Did you say it was fun?’
What is this world to Havitz?
At that moment, the fragmentary information remaining in Theraje’s vast database came to mind.
‘Maclein Guffin.’
It has already been erased and I don’t even remember it.
However, according to the delusion-like memories that popped up the moment I heard Havitz’s words… … .
‘It was fun. hi.’
I wondered if these were the last words of Guffin before leaving the photon field.
‘It must be an illusion.’
She couldn’t even remember what she had said, even though she had a background on Guffin.
‘But why did I have this thought?’
if true.
‘If there is a god.’
Are you really interested in this world?
If this world we live in is nothing more than one of infinite creations.
‘Havitz… …
Rather, he must have been the closest human being to God.
“Don’t think it’s over yet.” Sumodo drew her sword and approached.
“His Majesty saved you, but in order to end this war, your throat must be cut… …
“Sumodooooooo!”
As soon as Vulcan, who came running with bloodshot eyes, stopped the beast, he looked around.
“Habits! Where is Harvitz?” Sumodo frowned and said.
“I’m gone. They said they left for another battlefield without killing the empress. What are you thinking?”
Vulcan had his eyes on Uorin.
Judging by the fact that she was kneeling, he let out a long sigh.
“Ha, that’s it. It’s done now.”
Even if arrows rain in front of your eyes, the future where you can catch Havitz does not unfold.
‘It was a hair’s breadth.’
That’s why Sirone’s law, which forced Havitz to leave eight kilometers away, was all the more terrible.
‘The difference between 1 centimeter and 8 kilometers. That should be seen as the strength of the current law of Sirone.’ Vulcan pretended to ride to Sumodo.
“let’s go. Leave this to the army of Hell and follow Havitz. You better avoid this place.”
The fact that Habitz left Kashan at all was like a prophecy that a cataclysm would unfold here sooner or later.
As Sumodo boarded the beast, Vulcan grabbed the reins and spoke to Amon.
“Stop Yahweh by any means and methods.”
“Yahweh??????
Amon, who already knew that the Demons of the 7th Corps were being slaughtered, immediately turned around.
As everyone left, Wu Orin thought with the unconscious Kido lying on his lap.
‘Sirone, you came.’
I missed you.
“The Empress.”
Twenty wind chimes spun rapidly around her, raising the sound of the wind.
“I found a weak spot. We will see you.”
Wu Lin shook her head.
“I’m going back to the Hwangseong. Since it’s not yet captured, there should be a member of the council. Cure Kido.”
“but… …
“I must see the end of this war.”
Aaaaang!
Finally, Sirone’s weapon ‘Salsu’ entered the Hwangseong.
The demons exploded whenever the engine of <Law Murder>, which was sourced from Yahweh’s anger, moved the water cannon.
Shouts of terror were heard on all sides, but there was not a single voice of repentance.
‘why!’
I want to ask you, human.
Shouldn’t we stop thinking right now and practice love?
‘impossible.’
For as long as there is even one evil, good is a stupid, pitiful, and inefficient instrument.
“Aaaaaaa!”
So people think of evil methodology as the prerogative of the cool, smart, and enlightened.
‘so… … Are you satisfied now?’
Then, in a world where absolute evil has descended, why do humans shed bloody tears and cry out for help?
‘I can forgive you. I’ll save you.’
But sometimes.
‘It’s not too late now! Save the people next to you! Then we can win!’
Even his screaming voice was like an empty echo, and he was terribly angry.
“Uhhh…
Sirone’s shout.
Aaaaang!
It turned into a roar of water and exploded the surrounding demons in an instant.
“Yahweh!”
With a loud shout, Amon, clad in black iron armor, collided head-on with the waterspout.
“Great!” Holding the splinter of the watering can with both hands, he pressed it down to the ground, and his pile of dirt began to grow exponentially.
“Is that????
Sirone narrowed her eyes at the situation where the engine of <Law Killing> was resisting for the first time.
‘It’s the corps commander.’
As he did not loosen his posture even after being pushed several tens of meters away, the water was finally buried deep in the ground.
“Quack. Is it just this, Yahweh?” Uorin arrived at Aganos Spire on a wind jang and looked at the battlefield as soon as she landed.
“Sirone… …
I have no doubts about the ability of the five great stars of the Ivory Tower, but Amon’s ability, which I saw with my own eyes, surpassed those of the stars.
“Die, Yahweh!”
As Amon swung his sword at great speed, Sirone cast teleportation and retreated.
“this?… ”
In an instant, Amon caught up on the street and swung his sword to decapitate Sirone.
1 second to here.
“Die, Yahweh!”
The same incident was repeated.
As Sirone’s learning of the same incident began, the number of responses increased exponentially.
‘Stop it!’
Dead.
‘We strike back!’
Dead.
With each experience accumulated, Sirone’s reaction became faster.
‘I found a counterattack route!’
And when I finally broke through the 2,000th car, I could see the sword’s trajectory with my own eyes.
‘ weird.’
For Amon, it was one second.
‘It’s no coincidence. This is a certain skill.’
I couldn’t say for sure what it was, but I could feel a strange jolt in Shirone’s movements.
‘It’s not a physics-based movement. I can’t move like this. yeah, it’s like… …
It feels like a single movement has been broken down countless times and only the best feelings have been stitched together.
That’s why I didn’t think it was human even though it was a human moving.
When I saw the movement of a whopping 12,000 experiences accumulated, it felt like the world was rocking like oil.
‘Right.’
Amon realized.
‘So Satan… … After about 40,000 lessons, Sirone seized the opportunity to strike.
‘Certainly strong.’
In terms of swordsmanship, it was not far behind Fried.
A photon cannon with the strongest power was fired.
‘It ends here!’
Clear direct flash.
But to Amon, it felt like a disgusting bend coming in through all the events.
About 98,000 times.
It was the number of times Sirone learned to get the current result.
“Keugh!”
As the photon cannon slammed into Amon’s abdomen, the armor exploded before he could even push.
“Kuaaaaa!”
Numerous demons collided and bounced off Amon’s body as he screamed and was pushed away.
Aaaaaang!
The moment they hit the wall, a roar erupted, and all the demons in the middle of the battle stopped moving.
“Brigade commander… …
It was something that could never happen to the limbs who followed Amon through the battlefield.
Sirone let out a rough breath and glared at the pile of stones where Amon was buried.
‘I couldn’t penetrate it.’
The durability of the body was different from that of other creatures.
“it’s okay! can win!”
Uorin, who was watching the battle from the spire of Aganos, clenched her fists in joy.
“If only the corps commander is defeated… …
At that time, a vibration was felt from the ground, and at last the entire imperial castle began to shake.
“Queen! Evacuate!” Fengzhang shouted, but Wulin’s eyes didn’t look away from the place where Amon was impaled.
‘It’s over there.’
Something terrible was brewing.

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-844.txt
=============YYYYY=============
Warfare (5)
Amon, who was buried under the rubble of a building, appeared by lifting a rock the size of a house.
“Quack.”
The area hit by the photon cannon was deeply dented, and all the surrounding bones were protruding.
“Abominable Yahweh.”
He lightly tossed the huge wreckage and spread his arms with his tattered body.
“Do you know who I am?” In the stillness, Amon’s voice resounded magnificently.
“I am hell.”
Numbers 1 through 10.
The direct lineage of Satan is special because it goes beyond the realm of an individual and is close to a system.
They are called the 10 plagues of Satan.
The demons call the catastrophe the Devil System, the Demon World, and once the Demon World is opened, the individual’s consciousness completely disappears.
‘Does it matter?’
it will be a disaster
“Resent your foolishness.” When the Pandemonium was opened, worm-like tentacles pierced through Amon’s skin and wriggled.
The demons fled in fright at the sight of them proliferating and growing at a terrifying rate.
“The Pandemonium has opened!”
On the other hand, the humans watched in awe, unaware of the impending disaster.
“I-what is that?”
Kurleung! Kurleung!
Amon’s legs took root and penetrated the ground, extending in all directions.
The building collapsed like a domino, and the proliferation of the main body increased as fast as the roots expanded.
Uorin’s head turned toward the sky.
“oh my god… …
A tree large enough to dominate Kashan’s capital was growing, twisting its black trunk.
A hole was drilled along the trunk, and tens of thousands of mouths of different shapes and sizes opened simultaneously.
“Huhhhhh!”
Uorin’s shoulders trembled at the sound that was not in the world.
‘That’s obviously… …
Demon beast Argantis.
According to Theraze’s memory, it was a long time ago that the Magyesu descended into the world.
The era when dragons and angels were in conflict.
Magyesu destroyed 7 ancient nations and sought endless expansion.
No one cared about humanity, which was still in its infancy.
In the end, humans were able to defeat the disaster after organizing a world allied force and killing a third of mankind.
‘It’s different now. but… …
Looking at Argantis climbing through the clouds, I thought that there was no future anymore.
“Oh God.”
The humans who gave up even running away knelt down one by one and prayed.
It was the only thing I could do.
“Huhhhhh!”
The sound the demon made was truly terrifying, but Sirone was imagining something more than that.
‘No creature can be this big.’
This is because planetary energy is limited.
‘thus… …
The Demonic Beast, which took root in Kashan’s capital, sucked in all the energy from the ground.
“God, please let me… … Gagging!” At the same time, the dehydrated humans collapsed on the spot, drying up like mummies.
The bottom of the building was covered with sand, and a rumbling and collapsing sound could be heard from all sides.
The number of deaths is approximately 20,000.
Even more terrifying was the fact that the Magyesu, which sucked up nutrients, was gradually increasing in size.
“Damn it!”
Sirone spread his wings and rushed in. Although the situation at the Ivory Tower was unknown, it was certain that Taeseong’s condition would not be normal.
‘Angel’s Punishment!’
He raised the incarnation of the light angel to the maximum, but it was not even 1/100 of the number of demons.
bang! bang! bang! bang!
The window of light crashed down without a break.
‘He doesn’t even budge!’
The base of the demonic tree, which was 20 kilometers in diameter, looked like a barrier to Sirone.
“Huhhhhh!”
second absorption.
Tens of thousands of humans were turned into mummies again, and the ground covering the entire Kashan capital collapsed.
Pusssss!
A dust cloud the size of a city rose, blocking Sirone’s vision.
‘If left as it is, the world will end.’ Demon beast Argantis.
It was a system equivalent to drought among Satan’s 10 plagues.
‘We have to get rid of it before it’s too late!’
If it was a technical difficulty, it would be covered by learning, but in this case it was meaningless.
“Kill Yahweh!”
The voices of demons were heard in the dust.
As they fluttered their wings and retreated, the clouds cleared and the flying demons attacked in droves.
‘Ataraxia!’
The amplified information accumulated in an instant unfolded in a huge circle in front of Shirone’s eyes.
The Photon Cannon passed through Ataraxia right before the demons filled their eyesight and threw their spears.
“Kiaaaaa… …
The flash fired with a roar wiped out the demons and hit the trunk of Argantis.
“Aaaaaaa!”
The flash, amplified with the highest output, moved horizontally and scratched the trunk of the demon beast.
Kwa-kwa-kwa-kwa-kwa-kwa-kwa!
‘You can’t do this! More, stronger!’
People crouched down and covered their heads as the sound of an explosion from Argantis shook the heavens and the earth.
“Huh! Whoa!”
I felt like I was already in hell.
The energy of amplification disappeared when the flash of the Photon Cannon moved about 10 kilometers.
“ha! ha!”
The tree that had been grooved by the shock wave of the flash began to lean sideways under its weight.
“T-fall down!”
As the top tilted 15 degrees, black branches vomited from the mouth on the back.
“Kwaeeeeeeee!”
Hundreds of thousands of black branches extended from the direction of fall to support the weight.
It was fast, but in the eyes of Sirone from afar, it just looked slow, which made it all the more disgusting.
“Huhhhhh!”
The argantis, which took root in a position as if touching the ground with one hand, sucked in nutrients again.
As the ground sank further down, the imperial castle Aganos shook precariously.
“Queen! We must go now!”
Wu Lin, who was guided by Fengzhang and flew up into the sky, shuddered at the sight of the ground.
The whole city was drying up.
“Huh!”
Taeseong knelt down in the temple of the earth, where no one was there, and hugged him with his arms.
It felt like drawing blood with dozens of syringes at the same time whenever the planet’s nutrients were sucked.
‘I can’t do it. I have to stop it.’
As Gaia’s incarnation, she has the ability to block the planet’s energy cycle.
However, stopping the giant planet’s engine was a last resort.
Not only does it take time to circulate again, but many places rot in the meantime.
‘It’s easy to destroy, but difficult to restore. I can still hold on. Tae-seong’s shoulders were still trembling.
“Aaaaaaa!”
The planet’s energy was sucked out with a suction force twice as strong as before.
“Quickly, quickly…” In Taeseong’s eyes, who checked the ground with a haggard face, he saw the four Daeseongs rushing quickly.
As the demons were slashed by Freed’s blow, Kashan’s capital came into view.
No, can it be called a human city?
“Damn it! Is that the corps commander?” Civilization had disappeared, and only a huge, black tree stood crookedly.
Said Minerva, who rode a jet and flew next to the running Freed.
“No, that is a phenomenon. disaster. It’s the demonic system you said it didn’t matter.”
Fried gritted his teeth.
“… … Okay, so stop grinding.”
said Amanta, who was sitting cross-legged on the spinning world wheel.
“Since there is no Buddha, there are things like that. What are you going to do anyway? It’s a little too much to do by force.”
Certainly, there seemed to be no easy way to solve it other than Nane’s sermon.
“What can I do? Gotta try it. Let’s find a way after joining Sirone.”
“There is a way.” Thing, with dozens of afterimages attached to his tail, approached as he was standing.
“If it is my law, the growth of the demon tree can be suppressed for a while. Then blockade the capital and blow it up.”
“Let’s blow up the city? Where do you get the firepower?”
Amanta agreed.
“World wheel. The firepower should be sufficient at the expense of the city’s population.”
“Sirone won’t allow it?” said Fried.
“The bigger the number of demons, the more troublesome it is. How much sacrifice do you have to make? Aren’t they all dying anyway?”
“It’s not a matter of numbers.” Sing said while the five great stars remained silent.
“I will try to convince Sirone. If you don’t follow us, we have no choice but to fight each other.”
When they finally penetrated the city, a different level of hell was spread out compared to what they had seen from afar.
“Kkoaaaaa!”
People were drying up every moment, and the sky above the buildings was filled with demons.
“Sirone!”
Minerva increased the jet’s thrust and soared into the sky.
“Mr. Minerva!”
Sirone, who was struggling alone, looked back at her with a tired face.
“How is it?”
“No matter how much I pour, it’s useless. Even if it is shocked, it sucks up nutrients and recovers.”
Minerva looked over at Thing and said.
“There is one way. Go down for a while and sing… …
“I know how.”
Sirone said without taking her eyes off Argantis.
“But you can’t stop it that way. No, you can’t win against demons.”
“This isn’t the time to argue about that.”
“Listen.”
To Sirone’s words, Minerva listened quietly.
A whispered voice escaped from the countless mouths of Argantis.
“I want to eat. I want to eat more.”
“I will eat. I will grow up won’t give it to anyone Only me, only me, only me!”
Minerva gulped at the many voices hidden in the screams.
“It is a demon created by humans. If I turn the world wheel and destroy the city, that monster will surely disappear… …
The hatred of the people who were sacrificed here will become demons again and bring even greater disasters.
“I agree with that statement.”
Suddenly, Thing was approaching.
“But it’s also true that if we can’t block it now, we’ll have to pay a bigger sacrifice. This is the best option.”
Sirone bit his lip.
“There are ways to destroy the city without sacrificing humans.”
Sirone turned to Thing.
“How long can you last?”
“At the current size… … Maybe about five minutes?”
Fried shouted as he slashed the huge roots exposed above the ground with his sword.
“Whatever it is, do it quickly! Keep growing!”
Any further thought was a luxury.
“Please leave it to me. I’ll try.”
As Sirone and Minerva descended to the surface, Thing looked at Argantis.
“… … It is an illusion.”
With her eyes on the demonic number that revealed the size of her imagination into reality, she slowly raised her hand.
“Forbid drinking. It inhibits predation and inhibits digestion. It forbids activity, forbids freedom.”
The law of Singh began to crush the law of Argantis.
“Huhhhh!”
cringe cringe
When the nutrients were suddenly cut off, the huge branches twisted viciously, like bones breaking.
“blast furnace??????
Thing said, holding out the bracelet he was wearing on his wrist.
“I forbid all of you.”
law, enforcement.
“Quaaaaaaaa!” Those who lost their minds due to the screams that came out of the demon’s mouth all at once appeared one after another.
“Big.”
Law is a seesaw game.
Singh’s face was also slightly wrinkled by Argantis’ miserable struggle.
While fighting the demons, Minerva looked at the situation.
‘Anyway, I bought some time. But in what way is that monster O…’
She looked back at Sirone and her eyes widened.
‘Ataraxia!’
With a huge magic circle floating above her head, Sirone frowned and calculated something.
“no way??????
Sirone’s eyes widened.
‘It’s here!’
A huge red beam soared at the speed of light, piercing the sky and reaching into space.
As mass condensed at high altitudes, a grayish spear with a mass of 10 tons began to form.
“Shining Spear!”
Gaold called it divine punishment.

=============ZZZZZ=============
