=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-957.txt
=============YYYYY=============
The right choice (1)
The generals of the Allied Forces were the ones who reached the pinnacle of one field, but that alone could not lead to victory.
The reason demons are strong is that they have different body organs, constitutions, and mental abilities than humans.
Either reflect physical force, manipulate attributes, or destroy minds like Igor, Lord of Terror.
The reason for the death of Fidero, the former commander of the 1st Corps, must have been due to extreme bias.
In the end, it was the battle of the flower field where anyone could die.
“Advance! Advance!”
Contrary to what they shouted with their mouths, the allied forces were constantly being pushed back.
And finally.
“Kuk!”
The backs of soldiers fighting in the front collided with the shields of those in the rear.
Since their lives were at stake, their hearts sank as if cold water had been poured on them as they looked back with angry eyes.
“Suddenly… …
It was the end of the flower field.
When I finally widened my field of view, there was nothing standing out among the 300 fresh flowers.
‘I was pushed this distance?’
The flower field planted with 300 giant structures was vast, and the straight-line distance alone reached 23 kilometers.
Rufist gritted his teeth.
‘damn… …
Opening the path of a demon is a completely different thing from breaking the head of a running horse.
Allied forces are always surrounded by demons and must generate rotational force within them.
Compared to the difference in power, the difficulty of rotating the entire lake by moving the waterway under the surface of the water.
‘Nevertheless… …
The allied forces turned a whopping 14 degrees compared to when the army of hell first entered.
‘As expected in the temple, if this much inertia is applied, it is normal to change the direction on its own.’
The reason this strategy is possible is because the behavior of demons is different from that of human armies.
‘Man uses war as a means to achieve an end… …
As for the demons, the war itself is the goal.
It was just rushing to a place where it could harass humans.
‘Therefore, the fact that inertia doesn’t work means that human-like will is working.’
Also, the reason why the corps commander was not included in the army of hell was probably irrelevant.
Rufist opened the map in his head.
‘If they go straight like this… … still lacking
No matter how big the army was, it would get past Baska.
‘I have no choice but to try something here.’
Lufist shouted.
“everyone!”
But the moment he saw the faces of the soldiers, Rufist couldn’t utter the word charge.
There was despair in everyone’s eyes.
“The flower fields are occupied.”
The power of fresh flowers is unquestionable, and the soldiers must have relied on them psychologically.
“it’s over. I can’t win now.” Seeing the soldiers who had lost their will to fight, Rufist couldn’t bear to push forward.
It’s not because your heart is weak.
‘He fought really well. Couldn’t have done better than this.’
If you understand it with your head, even the ruthless Lupist can’t help it.
“Everyone retreat.”
The soldiers were surprised by the unexpected instructions.
“President of the association.”
“Retreat. I’ll take over here. Go back to Baska and plan your future. You guys will be needed.”
Silence passed.
“I’m sorry, President.”
And as if it had been promised, everyone turned their eyes on and pointed their weapons forward.
Rufist turned his head while the demons surrounded in all directions giggled.
“what are you doing?”
“Well, I really want to live, but.”
The centurion let out his madness and said.
“I don’t have the slightest desire to run away. My heart is not moving.”
Because we fought together, there was no need for long words.
“It can’t be like this. Yes?”
That word was enough, and Rufist glared at the enemy most fearfully in the world.
“… … yes.”
The allied forces concentrated their last remaining will in one place and took a posture to rush.
“everyone!”
now i could say
“Rush!”
As if pulled by spirits, the Allies moved forward, forgetting how to run.
“Ha ha ha! It’s the last banquet!” At that time, demons flocking from all directions are stinging their saliva, imagining the humans they will taste in the future.
“huh?”
No matter who said it first, their eyes turned to the empty space behind the allied forces.
“What, what?”
The embodiment of Thousand Arms Guanshi Yin soaring endlessly into the sky looked down on them benignly.
“Bannyaparamil.”
I thought that the hands of the incarnation who were joining their palms opened in two.
“Paradise.”
In an instant, it spread like a fan, causing countless afterimages that filled the entire sky.
The two palms coming in from the ends of the world collided at the place where the demons were.
TZ TZ IZ TT TZ = | Countless afterimages rushed to one point, and all the shocks exploded at once.
“Kuaaa!”
Rufist trembled at the sight of the walls of demons that could not be penetrated even with a spear being torn without knowing the limit.
‘Cognitive dissonance.’
The whole process was vivid in my head, but looking back, it was surprising that it was just a moment.
The road opened from the rear of the allies, and finally the formation split on both sides.
“What are you so surprised about? Have you ever seen a pretty girl?”
Rufist realized.
‘Yes, we still had that.’
Humanity’s strongest defender and the extreme line of the times, which is ambiguous even to be called human.
“Adrias Miro.”
Enjoying the eyes of the allies, Miro approached Rufist and said with a shrug.
“Call me if you are interested. I am currently single.”
While Lufist just watched, Dante came up and pointed.
“It is too late. Other officers of Zion are already operating elsewhere.”
“This bastard!”
As soon as he finished speaking, Miro put a fist on Dante’s cheek and turned it away.
“Aww!”
It wasn’t painful, but I was dazed by the fact that there was no case that would destroy common sense.
“Where do you compare yourself to such lesser bastards? Don’t you know Adrias Miro? I am a busy woman.”
Dante’s eyes lit up.
“It was the mission you ordered. And they risked their lives on a difficult mission.”
“A difficult mission? No, I’d say it’s an impossible mission.”
“… … What do you mean?”
“Whoops. Little boy, you act so smart, but listen carefully. This sister will tell you.”
Miro rubbed Dante’s head and smiled.
“No matter what you think, the world is much deeper and more complex than that. Everything I do has a deep meaning.” Rufist intervened.
“I would love to hear about that. What is the deeper meaning you know?”
“It means that Satan is not here.” Dante asked.
“Because the elite of Zion left?”
“no. She probably wouldn’t have come anyway. The operation of the world deviate from human logic. Therefore, it should not be calculated by thinking. You have to know the essence.”
Lufist asked.
“What is the nature of Satan?”
“The most cowardly man in the universe. There is no reason to get involved in such a large-scale war in the first place. Always take care of the sweetness of victory from behind. be sure to remember Satan always gets what he wants. If you don’t act with that in your head, you will be swept away by the laws of this world.”
“Is that why you sent your comrades to death? They could all be dead.”
Miro was calm.
“Don’t focus on people, look at the whole. I didn’t send anyone. If you want to catch Satan, you have to go in with delicate handling from the law. Zion’s elite went to do that.”
Dante agreed.
Satan could not be confined except through the labyrinth of sight contemplating the world from the highest point.
Dante’s eyes did not change, and Miro was satisfied.
“Of course, you are the ones who change the world. Could I have arrived if I hadn’t fought so fiercely? In that sense, death is also life? Everyone’s lives come together to create this situation.”
that is the law
“… … So what should we do now?”
“What should I do?”
Miro said, taking the lead.
“We have to open up a new future.”
Aaaaaaa!
On the other side of the demon army, Kaidra, carrying Zulu, Gangnan, and Arius, flew.
Sirone chose the golden dragon, Methira.
‘Since he’s quiet, the explanation will be short.’
His gray hair was parted from side to side, and he was wearing a coat that was angled like a blade.
He was quite a handsome man, but his eyes were made of steel, which gave him a grotesque feeling.
“what?”
After hearing the explanation, Sirone asked.
“Iruki drops elemental bombs? To the capital of Tormia?”
“yes. A human army is currently operating, with a half chance of success. But if we participate, we can completely turn the situation around.” Sirone blinked his eyes.
‘therefore… … In exchange for all the population of Basuka, it means that the army of the demons will be wiped out.’
Bingryong Frieji said.
“It’s a good strategy.”
It was a woman with bobbed silver hair and bangs cut horizontally with a hazy expression.
As a dragon who is famous for not showing emotions under any circumstances, the evaluation was straightforward.
“It is the best a human being can do. If successful, there is hope for humanity as well.”
Sirone nodded.
“Yeah, right.”
Iruki, whom Sirone knows, is a person who can detonate an elemental bomb to annihilate the demons.
“That’s why I’m not like Iruki.”
And as Shirone’s best friend, Iruki was the one who would never let such a situation go.
‘Even if you give up your own life… …
He had the personality to find the answer somehow, and he was a friend who had the ability to do so.
‘… … It must have been difficult, Iruki.’ Poine asked.
“Where can I take you? A Baska where an elemental bomb explodes, a holy war with Iruki’s total army, or anywhere in the world is fine. Because everyone needs the Messiah.”
The 12 apostles only fought according to Sirone’s will.
“There must have been a reason for that.”
Sirone said with a sad expression.
“There must have been the biggest reason in the world that couldn’t be solved just by dying.”
A whimper was heard somewhere.
“That’s right, Messiah. Don’t be too sad.”
A girl with black hair in two pigtails.
Tears welled up in her large eyes in her grass and straw dress.
The Super Dragon, Eitra.
Looking at her legs as thin as chopsticks coming down from her dress, she was a girl, but… … .
‘He’s an apostle I need.’ Her recovery ability, which handles life-related information, has contributed greatly to all of Dragon’s battles.
“Ok, thanks.”
This was the first time he was praised among the apostles, but no one was offended this time.
Blitz asked.
“Messiah. If you do, where should I take you?”
After carefully checking the world situation from Metira, Sirone slowly opened her mouth.
“we are… …
‘It’s going wrong.’
Even in the middle of enemy lines, Rufist could read the huge inertia.
Weak, but little by little, there was a distortion in the movement of the demons.
‘Four degrees. Four degrees more.’
A force that acts below the surface of the water.
‘Now three degrees.’
Maze’s shockwave, Lian’s shockwave, Amy’s shockwave, and everyone else’s shockwave combined… … .
‘Two degrees!’
Cuckoo Cuckoo Cuckoo!
‘One degree!’
Finally, the huge lake called the Demons started to rotate entirely.
“done!”
At the same time as Rufist shouted, the demons broke through the allied forces.
The direction is southwest.
‘If we go on like this… …
Tormia’s capital will be hit directly, and elemental bombs will explode in the sky above Basuka.
‘Is it a disaster or a miracle?’
No one dared to pass judgment.

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-958.txt
=============YYYYY=============
The right choice (2)
“what?”
The Balkan crowd told the unbelievable truth.
‘The trajectory of the vanguard has changed.’
In an instant, it turned at a great angle, and immediately the messenger came running, reversing the march.
“Urgent news!”
It was something I didn’t even need to hear.
“Ho-ho-ho! what? Did you fail in the end? After all, humans are like that. It’s the worst for the military.”
I didn’t even hear Paimon’s mockery.
‘no. It can’t be like this.’
In addition to Jetaro, Sumodo, and Natasha, even Balkan was tossed around by the enemy’s soldiers.
“… … turn again.”
Vulcan, who made up his mind, opened his eyes and said.
“You cannot go to Baska. There must be something about being so desperate.”
Paimon is tired of Balkan’s impudence.
“So what is it?”
“I can’t imagine. but in the end that
You are right in seeing that there is something unimaginable. Order the entire army! Turn the nose right now… … Kuck!”
As the blunt impact hit the back of his head, Vulcan’s vision pinged and spun.
“You are talking bullshit.”
As I twisted at the sound of Paimon’s voice, her claws were flying again.
“Huh!”
Vulcan leaned back and swung his sword on the horse, but the distance was strange.
“Ho-ho-ho! I do have one trick though. But will you be okay, lethal dose of poison?”
As soon as the words were finished, Vulcan stumbled ‘Damn it! Betrayal… … !’
By regulating blood flow with schema, the spread of the poison is slowed down, but it won’t last long.
“For you to do this to me… … Doesn’t that mean Habitz also betrays you?”
I squeezed out my last strength to warn you, but Paimon only laughed.
“What are you talking about? Everything is His will.”
“what’?”
When Vulcan fell on his horse’s back as his spinal nerves paralyzed, Paimon came and lifted his head.
“It means that Satan is fed up with you. He doesn’t treat toys that he’s not interested in.”
“Havitz… …
Still left with an unacceptable conclusion, Vulcan’s eyelids closed.
“Heh, weak things.”
When Paimon put down the Vulcan’s head, the demons who had been dissatisfied until now approached.
“Shall I kill? Or, shall we show the fear of demons?”
“Hmm.”
According to the messenger’s report that Paimon heard, Havitz’s humanity had completely disappeared.
‘That doesn’t mean it’s not Havitz.’
she gave instructions
“I imprison you for now. It would be nice to see those four idiots locked up side by side.”
“All right. But what about Natasha? If you come to your senses, it will be a headache.”
Her power was at a level that made even the demons stick out their tongues.
“Whoops, no problem.”
Paimon’s eyes burned purple.
“Eating out, van.”
It was the ability to create a quarantine zone in a specific space and take away the mobility of those trapped there.
“Take him.”
As the demons flew to the rear carrying the Vulcan, Paimon rode the Vulcan’s horse.
“Whoa. It looks like you’ve lost a tooth.” Everyone felt the same way.
“Paimon, lead us. We want blood. I want human suffering.”
“Ho-ho-ho!”
Paimon held out his hand.
“Ignore formations from this time on. all scattered! Find the shortest distance and gather at Baska!”
“Quaaaaaaaa!”
The roar of the demons created a roar.
“let’s go! It’s a bloody festival!”
Just as c*ckroaches gathered in rotten food are scattered by light, the armies of hell spread out in all directions.
The command of the temple was in an uproar.
“Asmodians are entering Baska! 300 confirmed cases so far
only! No, 4.5 million…
Iruki raised his hand to block the report.
‘This is just the beginning.’
Baska’s front yard, the flower garden, was pierced, so it was only a matter of time before an army of 100 million was gathered.
“Please call Lucky Boy.”
The time has come.
“All right.”
The reality was finally felt, and the commanders left the command with terrified expressions.
In a quiet room where people had left, Iruki was absorbed in just closing and opening his eyes.
“Iruki.”
Nade entered with a bright expression on his face, but he didn’t have the courage to look back at him.
‘It’s miserable.’
He was disgusted with himself for inviting his friends to the task of leaving a stigma in history.
“I heard about it. That the army of hell is coming to Vasuka. We finally have a chance to turn around.”
I tried my best to speak in a good way.
“sorry.”
Nade asked softly.
“??????what?”
“When you came to do this for me, I was silent. Because it’s a strategy with no second chances. so i shut up Family, Mr. Liz, because of my desire to be perfect, even though I know what you have to protect.”
There are many technicians in the temple too.
However, Iruki wanted to send someone he could be sure to take responsibility in any situation.
“If you had told me to go back, I would have gone back.”
Iruki looked back at Nade for the first time.
“I must have gone back to my hometown to protect my parents and Liz. most precious to me
because they are people but.”
Nade tightened his eyes and said.
“I will never see you again. Because to you, I am only that much.”
“Nade… …
“You’re not the only one worried. I also thought about countless things while coming to the temple. But there is only one conclusion. If it’s not me, you can’t entrust this job to anyone.”
Iruki lowered his head.
“What if the aircraft is defective? The detonator may not work. Could there be unpredictable variables? What if the carrier changes his mind? Couldn’t I have given up beforehand without even trying my best?”
Sighs, sighs, rough breathing was heard.
“But if it’s me, if it’s Nade, I’ll make it through no matter what the worst happens. Did you think of that?”
Iruki couldn’t answer.
Suppressing the tears that filled up, I could only shake my upper body in response to the breath that my lungs were sucking in.
“When you were silent, I was honestly really relieved. If I told you to go back, I would have died of embarrassment. ha ha ha!”
“Ku-k-k-k-k.”
Iruki burst into laughter filled with tears
lied
“don’t worry. you’ll do well suffered during that time. Now leave everything to me.”
With just one word from Nade, Iruki felt thousands of tons of weight drop.
“Nade.”
Nade, who had left his seat and headed for the door, stopped and looked back.
“huh?”
“Unconditionally succeed.”
Nade smiled and raised his thumb in front of a statement that left the weight of humanity on his shoulders.
“No problem.”
He said as he opened the door.
“I look lucky.”
The allied forces, who had escaped from the flow of demons, watched the situation without letting go of tension.
‘it’s okay. They don’t seem to have any intention of turning.’
They did not know that Paimon had already given orders to assemble at the capital.
said Dante.
“Wouldn’t it be better to avoid it? If the operation succeeds, it won’t be safe here either.”
It was within the range of an elemental bomb.
The fact that the citizens of Baska were evacuated was reluctant, but it was inevitable.
“let’s go.”
Miro said as if taking responsibility.
“The feelings are all the same. There is no one to applaud you for staying here. Let’s go now.”
Amy asked.
“Where are you going? If the demons advance to Ba Shuka, shouldn’t we follow them?”
Dante licked his lips.
‘Come to think of it, I became a corps commander in this war. You don’t know about the operation yet.’
Amy asked again.
“Why are the faces like that? Is there something I don’t know about?”
In any case, it was impossible to proceed with the operation ignoring the magician who had reached the level of fire.
“To Baska… …
The moment Lufist opened his mouth, Miro felt a creepy aura and turned around.
“That one?”
A group of troops, surrounded by light, flew over the horizon.
“Army of Heaven.” Angel and Mara flew quickly, followed by the fairies who floated the giant in the air.
“Huh? uh?”
When the giants crashed from 1 kilometer in the sky, the allied forces were dizzy just by looking at them.
The giants raised clouds of dust on the dry ground with a thud and slowly raised their upper bodies.
‘ big.’
The height of about 8 meters was not even close to average, and the really big giants were close to 80 meters.
“Is this where you start?”
As Ymir moved his steps while stroking his fists, the demons around him blocked the path.
“What are you?”
There are demons who know about the existence of heaven, but most of them were giants for the first time.
As Ymir furrowed his eyebrows in displeasure, a demon with scythe-like arms walked by.
“Sniff sniff. What is this, why does it smell like this? Are they so different from humans? It’s stupid to look like.”
The Demon, who lifted Ymir’s chin with a scythe, brought his face together and his smile was convex.
“Hey, you’re completely frozen. Hey, say something. Call the older brother behind you.”
The demons knew the 80-meter-tall giant as their leader, but in reality, their faces were pale.
“decided.”
As Ymir grabbed the demon’s scythe, his arm bent like a tong.
“Aww! my arms! my arms!”
While the demons raised their eyes in anger, Ymir warmed up and moved on.
“I’ll have to start by taking out the trash.”
“Kill!”
The moment the demons charged, raising their weapons and baring their teeth.
“Huh.”
Ymir took a deep breath, puffed out his lungs, and raised his arms up.
Surprised, Girshin held out his hand.
“Ymir! for a moment… … !”
Before he could finish his voice, Ymir lowered his stance and slammed the ground with both arms.
The sound of the world has been muted.
‘Is time going slow? No, is it fast?’
The allied forces who were watching from afar thought as if they were drunk with drugs.
‘What is that?’
The earth rose high like a tidal wave, and a whirlpool appeared in the sky, mixing colors.
‘I’m sleepy. want to go home.’
A strange yawn came out.
Their eyelids slowly close and their vision narrows.
“… … sun!”
I saw someone’s voice enter my ear in a thin form like a worm and then come out.
‘Hehe, that’s amazing. Can you hear it?’ Delirium caused by shock waves.
Aaaaaang!
And those who experienced that state disappeared from the world the next moment without exception.
Hey hey hey hey!
The flash of the mass teleport landed in an area two kilometers away from there.
“Is everyone okay?”
They made an emergency escape with maze magic, but they couldn’t save everyone.
There is also no time for mourning.
“again! again!”
At the same time as the mass teleport soared into the sky, a huge seismic wave swept the place.
Kurleung. Kurleung. Kurleung.
The sound of the earth cracking around Ymir spread in endless echoes.
“Tsk, you’re annoying me.”
There were no demons left in the flower garden, and even the heavenly angels watched with tired expressions.
‘A monster is a monster.’
At first Ymir’s birth, the question that came to mind permeated all of Heaven’s forces.
‘Why in this world…
do you need something like that?

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-959.txt
=============YYYYY=============
The right choice (3)
Taeseong’s pupils lost focus.
Her eyelids trembled and she was shocked, but after a while she let out a long breath.
“Haaaaa.”
The shockwave from earlier must have been the cause.
‘To the extent that the ground trembles from here.’
Oh Dae-sung’s expression became serious as he watched Tae-seong’s condition.
‘Is it really okay?’ Taeseong is a star.
However, at the point of existence in the state of incarnation, it has the status of the living world.
‘To manage the change of the planet.’ The star does not split immediately, but when this amount of shock accumulates, the system becomes unstable.
‘Things like earthquakes, tidal waves, volcanic eruptions. Regardless of the war, countless humans will die.’
Therefore, Taeseong used a method to separate itself from the star system.
It was to stabilize the system by absorbing most of the impact on the planet.
Fried asked.
“Why are you doing this?” “Human beings can die a little bit. No, if humans disappear, war will also disappear. Life will flourish again on the planet, and everything will return to its place.”
“The reason why nature is beautiful is… … Because they told me that humans are beautiful.”
Fried shut his mouth.
“When this universe first existed, everything just stayed there. Grass eats the sun, bugs eat grass, animals eat bugs… …
Even in the midst of hard times, Taeseong smiled.
“There is no reason. It’s a system. very cool system. But one day a human said this. Is this beautiful? Surprisingly, since then, my system has become beautiful.”
Oh Dae-sung listened.
“Humans give meaning to many things. This is comfortable, that is rather unpleasant. If you present a flower with a special name, you are conveying the heart of love… …
maybe it started then
all.
“To me, a system within a system, the authenticity of the outside world is not important. However, the reason we call humans users is that they give meaning to all things. The beings who define this world use it. If all humans disappear… …
If there is no one to define her.
“Nothing is beautiful. There is just a cold system that goes straight by the law.”
Oh Dae-seong was momentarily moved by the motherly love of Gaia, the mother of the world.
“But you are using it wrong.”
Amanta said.
“Current humankind can never unite. If you had such a high-level mind, you wouldn’t have come to this point. Taeseong is having difficult expectations.”
“It is not an expectation. Hope. Humans have to reach Ultima again, and without that power, you can’t stop Ankera or Buddha.”
Taesung added.
“Human survival is important in that sense. When mankind achieves an integrated mental system, the greater its destructive power, the greater the law will change.”
“It’s a presumptuous statement, but… …
Thing said.
“It probably won’t get there. First of all, I perceive others as false images, starting with myself. The Guffins have departed and humanity has been divided. Ultima ended with the Age of Gaia.”
“no.”
It’s a glimmer of hope.
“It is definitely continuing. The will of the Gaians goes to Sirone via Guffin.”
Minerva asked.
“Can Sirone lead all humans to Ultima? Tae-seong knows, too, how self-centered humans are and how little they understand others.”
“It only takes a moment.”
Taeseong tightened his eyes and said.
“Currently, humanity will need a lot of time to reach Ultima. But if only for one moment, if it could be perfectly integrated… …
You can strike a blow at the world.
“Sirone, the messiah left behind by Guffin, will do it. Before that happens, as many people as possible must survive. That’s why I want to meet Rihanna.”
If the legionnaires’ Pandemonium opens at the same time. When those who have reached the state of apostasy open an all-out war.
“The current shock is just the beginning. Sooner or later I won’t be able to stand it. Previously… … Whoops!”
Taeseong crouched down with a painful expression on his face.
“Taesung! Are you okay?”
Oh Dae-seong rushed in to check her condition, but Tae-seong was more curious than shocked.
‘why?’
Despite bypassing the shock signal, the residual shock wave was sending pain to the planet.
By human standards, the feeling of a bone tingling.
‘It’s already.’
It was a fact that I knew because I had experienced a shock similar to this a long time ago.
“It’s done. Let’s leave quickly.”
Contrary to what he said, seeing Taeseong, who was pale, looked back at the grass where Fried had thrown away Gaold while clicking his tongue.
‘Sheesh! Because of a psychopath… … Gaold, who loses his memory whenever he is bored, goes on a rampage and delays time.
However, if left unattended, it would destroy the planet, so I couldn’t just throw it away.
“Hey, wake up. I will depart.”
The distance between Fried’s eyes narrowed as he walked to the grass to pick up Gaold.
“Oh, sir… …
Minerva asked.
“What are you doing? bring it quickly Now that we’re just a little further away… …
” doesn’t exist.”
“huh?”
Fried looked back at the party and said.
“No, that guy.”
The warmth of Gauld still lingered in the grass where a person lay in the form of a collapsed person.
To get out of the shockwave that spreads without knowing the end, Miro linked up with a mass teleport.
The place they finally arrived at was the mid-slope of the underground mountain range overlooking Basuka’s landscape.
“Whoa. madman.”
Ymir’s destructive power was such that even Maze hated it.
“huh?”
When a clamor like white noise was heard from far away on the ground, everyone’s eyes turned to that place.
“oh my god… …
Like an isolated island, beyond the walls of Basuka, demons were forming a sea.
said Amy.
“Now tell me. What do I not know about this operation? What is the intention behind the flower garden?”
“An order came from the temple.”
Dante’s explanation was shocking, but Amy’s eyes calmed down.
“… … I see.”
More than any other explanation, the fact that it was a decision made by Iruki must have been effective.
‘If that guy said no, then it wouldn’t be right.’
He was more cool-headed than anyone else, but he wasn’t the kind of person who would consider efficiency with the lives of others.
Rufist said.
“Summarizing the situation, the flower garden has been destroyed and the demons are gathering in Basuka. If the elemental bombs fall, the whole area will be turned into a sea of fire. However, the elite of the demons are no longer here. Also, the armies of Heaven are pursuing us.”
Hearing the boiling screams from the Baska, the officers were lost in thought.
‘I want to go into the capital and fight. But what does that mean? When the elemental bomb explodes… …
“We are missing here.”
Miro said.
“You don’t have to fight yourself. If you do well, even the army of heaven can be dealt with with elemental bombs. Move secretly from now on, get out of the blast radius.”
There was no objection.
However, everyone could not take their eyes off the tragedy that occurred in Baska.
‘I’m not running away. It is to fight more.’
Just as he was about to make up his mind and turn around, two halos rotated in the sky.
“No, we cannot leave this place.”
“three.”
As the halo halo was lifted, Havitz Am Salzo appeared one by one.
Mayray was nowhere to be seen.
‘Did Havits take it?’
Miro’s thinking is to look in all directions, not to predict the future.
‘but… …
In her family, the present situation could well have happened.
‘Quan lost one eye.’
This was also the case, so Miro asked coldly, carrying all his emotions.
“What do you mean, can’t I go?” Sein said.
“I read Havitz’s mind. Paimon, the leader of the 9th Corps, is planning to open the Pandemonium in time for the elemental bomb to explode. And when the Pandemonium opens, terrible things happen.”
“What kind of demon world is it?”
“hospital. But it’s not just a disease. It will make the body as well as the human mind sick. I don’t have time to explain in detail. We have to go to Baska right now and kill Paimon.”
Dante stepped out.
“Wait. If you’re going to open the Pandemonium, you don’t have to hit the explosion of the elemental bomb, do you? Why is that important?” Sein said.
“Because Harvits wants to enjoy the heart. What if the judgment that humanity thought was best produced the worst results? Humanity will fall into despair, and the stronger it becomes.”
“Satan will be excited.”
Sein nodded at Miro’s words.
“okay. Eliminate Paimon before the elemental bomb explodes. I have no choice but to enter Baska.”
Even if it means getting caught up in an explosion.
“Right.”
The probability of death suddenly increased, but everyone’s expressions were rather light.
Miro’s ears perked up.
“come.”
The sound of the giants moving echoed on the other side of the subterranean mountains.
Miro looked back at everyone and said.
“Go into Baska.”
No one objected, and after a while, the flash of mass teleport was bent toward the capital.
The armies of hell brutally trampled on the humans they could see without any discipline.
“Sah, save people! Aaaaaa!”
They couldn’t be called an army, but this was their true face.
“Give it up! It’s mine!”
“no! I got it first! It’s mine!”
The two demons holding onto the upper and lower body of a human woman claimed possession of each other.
“Kyaaak! it hurts! it hurts??????!”
The woman who couldn’t stand the power of the demon was eventually torn in two with her spine rattled.
“Gagging! Gagging!” The demons who were watching the shocked woman licked their lips and immediately turned around.
“doesn’t care! Because there are so many! Ha ha ha!”
The demons did not discriminate between the strong and the weak, and they did not discriminate between the noble and the lowly.
“found! I’m first!”
However, just as humans choose the breed of livestock, demons also had special tastes.
lass.
“Help me! Help me!” Young kid.
“Aww! mom! mom!”
Of course, there were also odd species who were not interested in being young or beautiful.
“Ha ha ha! Come on! I’ll pluck out your eyes first!”
If you knew where demons were born, there would be no need to question their preferences.
The smell of blood, the smell of intestines, the smell of filth.
As the things inside the human burst out, a stench emanated from Basuka’s stream.
Paimon raised his arms and shouted.
“Ho-ho-ho! very good! This is hell! It’s as comfortable as coming home!”
Where her gaze was directed, giants taller than the castle walls were pushing their faces.
People made a game.
“Aww! What is that!”
“What are the Capital Defense Forces doing! I mean, get rid of that monster quickly!”
Since most of the troops were sent to the flower fields, there were no troops left to protect the citizens.
At the center of that horrific scene, Paimon looked up at the sky and burned the will of the Demon World.
“I can do it here.”
Since she is also a military man, she knew that the Allies had hidden intentions.
“Huh, okay. Do whatever you want.”
I’ll teach you what the worst is beyond imagining.

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-96.txt
=============YYYYY=============
Please enable JavaScript
[96] Genius who lost his light (5)
“Master! How did it go? Was the experiment successful?”
“Yes, it worked! Our magic worked!”
But Alpheas couldn’t be happier. No matter how you look at it, Erina’s condition was strange.
“But why is my wife like this? honey! Come to your senses!”
Arcane looked at the instrument panel once again and was shocked. The balance of each item was normal, but the overall body rhythm was falling at the same time. It was as if life itself was dying out.
“Hey, why is this? Obviously, this was not the case in clinical trials.”
“honey! Erina! Open your eyes!”
Erina half-opened her eyes and smiled faintly.
“honey… … I’m OK.”
“Erina! What happened? what’s the matter? What’s not good?”
“A rejection reaction occurred from the terminal nerve. There must be something different about the human brain. But you did a really great job. A little more research… … Huh!”
Erina took a deep breath and convulsed.
“honey! Do not say! I’ll try my best! I’ll save you no matter what… … !”
Alpheas was already cursed with his own intellect, which he realized was irreversible. But he couldn’t help but say it.
Erina shook her head slowly. What her husband knew, she knew herself.
“honey… … Please hold my hand.”
Alpheas gripped his wife’s hand tightly. He would have tried if there was even a 1 percent chance. But for now, it was all about keeping her side.
“Erina, it can’t be like this. How could this… … .”
Erina smiled sadly.
“Honey, I’m sorry.”
“What are you sorry about? what are you… … .”
“Because I am stupid.”
Alpheas’ heart was torn to pieces. Trying to change his wife. Why did I forget her words that she is beautiful just by existing?
“no… … why are you sorry What are you sorry about! it’s me! I was stupid! The fool was me!”
“I’m glad I met you.”
Erina was finally able to understand her husband. A wonderful world where rationality reigns. he was living here. I was happy to be able to be with him even for a short moment, to be able to leave with his memories.
“honey! Open your eyes! please… … I was wrong, honey!”
As Erina’s eyes closed, Alfeas hugged her face and sobbed.
“Aaaaaaa! honey! honey!”
Arcane lowered her head with a sad expression. How is the human brain different from that of animals? Had human experiments been conducted from the start, there would have been no tragedy.
But it was a meaningless assumption. There is only one condition that Erina put forward to experimenting on herself. She never said that she should never experiment on others.
That’s why I paid more attention. The data obtained so far would be valuable for mankind.
‘I’m sorry. I won’t let your sacrifice be in vain.’
A pop and dull sound rang out. When he turned his head, Alfeas was banging his head against the wall.
“Aaaaaaa!”
Every time their foreheads collided, there was a cracking sound. It was to the point where I didn’t know if the walls were breaking or if my head was breaking.
“what? The light of the Mirhi family? light? light!”
thud! thud! thud!
Alpheas’ body bounced off like a rubber ball. But he didn’t stop. The horror of being left alone with his wife turned his stomach.
“Arrogant Alfeas!”
Alpheas rushed into the wall again.
thud!
Clump grabbed Alfeas. If I left it like this, I would die without moving.
“Alfeas! Wake! What are you doing!”
“Let go! damn it! Aaaaaaa!”
It was difficult to stop Alpheas even with Klumph’s physical strength. It was as if he was burning his soul and rushing towards his death. But in the end, his pupils dried up as if the shock was intense, and his consciousness went away.
“Erina… … . Erina… … .”
Clump also shed tears when he called his wife’s name even in a faint state.
* * *
Erina’s funeral was held. It was a gathering of only members of the family, and Alfeas was prevented from attending by his relatives. He never married and has no heirs. In the end, the two of them had to say goodbye while they were dating.
Alpheas was sitting in front of the funeral parlor. Then, as the sun went down, he got up from his seat and walked away like a man out of his mind.
The place they arrived at was Arcane’s dungeon. Many of the equipment that had been experimented on for two years remained intact.
“Erina… … .”
Alpheas took an oil canister and scattered it all over the laboratory. Every time the oil splashed, tears flowed from his eyes. The moment of her laughing and talking with her was as vivid as if it had happened yesterday.
When the oil drum exposed the floor, Alpheas sat down with his back against the wall. It is knowledge that should not exist in the world. How could a human being do such a cruel experiment?
“Are you here, Alfeas?”
Arcane entered the laboratory. He knew that Alfeas wasn’t even invited to his funeral. After all, for him, this was the grave of his wife.
“I’m sorry about Erina’s work. Take care of your mind and body for the time being. Then come back… … .”
Arcane realized something and turned his head. She smelled too much oil to believe it was leaking from the mechanism.
“Alpheas… … can you?”
Alpheas stood up with dark eyes. One shot of fire magic would blow up the entire laboratory.
“no! What are you doing!”
“Master, it was something I shouldn’t have done from the beginning.”
“I understand that your wife’s death has weakened you! But no! The experiment almost succeeded! Did you forget Erina’s will? Erasing this place is disregarding even Erina’s sacrifice!”
“You don’t need anything. Now without a wife… … I have nothing left.”
“Even so, no! This isn’t just you and Erina. My lifelong knowledge is also accumulated! These are documents that cannot be destroyed without my permission.”
Alpheas cast fire magic. Arcane absorbed it with dark magic, but it couldn’t be helped as the temperature rose above the ignition point.
Flames covered the room.
Thousands of papers, precise magical devices, and difficult-to-handle alchemy substances were also denatured.
Alfeas, who had been looking at the flames indifferently, left the dungeon.
But Arcane couldn’t leave. he has to turn off the lights No, even if you lose everything, you must protect the experimental data.
“No no!”
Going back and forth through the fire, Arcane was preoccupied with collecting documents. Eventually, the box containing the vaporized material caught fire and exploded.
The whole laboratory was blown away, and the shock was transmitted to the extent that the entire underground dungeon was shaken.
A terrifyingly air-sucking fire galloped through the tunnel.
“Aaaaaa! Alpheas! I will not forgive you, Alfeas!”
Arcane gritted his teeth. Right before he completed the masterpiece of his life, he felt more injustice and resentment than dying that the data had been lost.
“certainly… … make sure you survive and will take revenge Wait, Alfeas!”
Arcane hated Alpheas even as he burned. The arrogant Alpheas was arrogant to the end.
Having survived with a single spirit of revenge, he conserved his strength and mobilized all his personal connections to search the continent. However, no one knew about Alpheas’s whereabouts.
Seven years later, Alpheas reappeared in the world.
It was the main house of the Ogent family in the city of Creas.
“Alfeas! Hey man! What have you been up to?”
Clump stared blankly at Alfeas, who had become a completely different person. Her neat face was gone and she was growing a beard like a madman. Dressed in rags, her skin was charred.
Clump took Alfeas to the bathroom and washed him himself. Numerous wounds were carved on her body. Because it was a test, it was possible to distinguish. Wounds from wild beasts, wounds from torture, and obvious self-inflicted wounds.
“Did you go around looking for a place to die?”
Alpheas did not answer as he covered his face with his wet hair. Then, after a while, he opened his mouth.
“I had no intention of dying. I didn’t even want to live there. I just wandered around.”
“okay… … .”
“I heard you. He said he was an accredited prosecutor. Congratulations.”
“What is the celebration between us. Among my peers, I’m the latest, man.”
Clump accepted it shyly. He wasn’t particularly proud of the achievements his friend had made while experiencing hell in the backcountry.
“sorry. I have nowhere else to go but here. Let’s take care of ourselves.”
Klump stared at Alpheas’ withered back sadly.
How did it get to this point?
He, who was called the supernova of the wizarding society, has now been kicked out of his family and has fallen into a vagabond without any nobles he knows.
After taking a bath, Klump prepared a meal for the ladies-in-waiting. However, even her stomach shrank, so Alfeas couldn’t pass much of her food.
Clump knew. Just because I have nowhere to go, I’m not the type to come to you.
After taking Alpheas into the study, he offered a drink. Alpheas didn’t even look at the drink. Just like the look he had seven years ago, his intelligent eyes flashed past him.
“say it. It must have appeared in the world because the wandering was over. You won’t have to recover either. If I can help, I will help.”
Alpheas spoke straight.
“Lend me 100 million gold.”
“1 million… … gold?”
It was a huge sum of money.
Of course, Clump obtained the right to succeed the governor by passing the official exam. However, even if he became the head of household, there was a limit to the amount he could contribute.
“I’m not asking you to borrow it all at once. I’ll withdraw over 4 years. Hire a treasurer. If you set the monthly limit to 7 million, you will be able to operate without any damage. I will also pay interest. However, compounding is not possible. Instead, I’ll set it at an annual rate of 20 percent. The principal repayment will be possible after one year.”
The method of repayment was decided by the lender, but Klump didn’t care. If it was the Alfeas he knew, he would have thought of the optimal trading conditions even before he came here.
In the end, he was talking about earning 80 million gold excluding the principal after 4 years, but I was more curious about how he would do that.
“What are you thinking? Have you developed any new magic?”
Alpheas shook his head.
“I have no passion anymore.”
“Then what are you going to do with the 100 million gold?”
“I will build a school.”
“what? school?”
Clump opened his eyes wide. Alpheas, who thought he was the best between heaven and earth, would teach others.
“What are you thinking… … .”
Seeing the tears flowing down Alpheas’ cheeks, Clump was speechless.
“never… … People like me shouldn’t come out. I will teach students while atonement until the moment I die. I will live by gnawing away at my pain so that my talent will not be trampled on by a momentary mistake.”
Alpheas covered his face with both hands and sobbed. Still, he couldn’t stop the tears from flowing.
Clump’s eyes also turned red.
Bastard Erina. Perhaps Alpheas will never forget her. She may have to live with suffering for the rest of her life.
But that’s why the decision was easy.
If the pain that Alpheas had to endure could be sublimated into someone else’s growth, if it really could happen, I wondered if this friend who dreamed of happiness rather than success would have a day to smile in the distant future.
“Don’t lend me. 100 million gold.”
Alpheas founded a school named after him in the city of Creas. During the construction period, he worked as a wizard to pay off the interest and studied at night to obtain a teacher’s license.
and 4 years later.
Mirhi Alfeas, principal of Alfeas Magic School, paid 180 million gold to the Ogent family.
* * *
When the effect of Abyss Nova completely disappeared, Alpheas slowly opened his eyes. All his memories returned, but he was speechless for a long time. His 40 years, reiterated back to back, were so long and heavy.
—————————————

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-960.txt
=============YYYYY=============
The Right Choice (4)
King of Baska.
“A monster, a monster!”
Giants over 80 meters in height surrounded the castle.
In front of the spectacle peering through the windows with bewildered eyes, even the most prestigious politicians got their pants wet.
Is this a sign of ruin?
In the king’s chambers, Adolf XII, who had become king in his youth, was also on his deathbed.
“ha. ha.”
Pony was sad because this was the last sight he would see as he ushered in a new era of magic.
“Your Highness, don’t worry too much. The glory of Tor Mia will surely be passed on through the descendants.”
“crane! crane!”
In the midst of the royal family, King Adolf XII raised his head to deliver his last will.
“My, my all… …
And at the same time, I met the giant’s eyes looking through the window.
“Aaaaaaa!”
Adolf XII was frightened and convulsed, and eventually died of agony.
“majesty! majesty!”
The king of Tormia has passed away.
In the midst of the royal family gathering and crying, only Pony had calm eyes.
‘This is the king.’
He is only human.
‘What should I do now?’
Thanks to Rufist risking her life to plead with her, she learned of the disaster that was about to happen to Basuka.
Sooner or later, an elemental bomb will explode over Baska, and no one will survive.
“Listen carefully from now on.”
“majesty! majesty!”
When no one in the royal family was listening, Pony opened her eyes and shouted.
“Listen to me, everyone!”
The royals frowned and looked back.
However, when he saw the giant walking outside, he realized the reality again.
“Eh, run away!”
The moment they were about to turn the doorknob, a rough current of water power swept through everyone.
“Pony! What are you doing!”
As the royals pushed up to the wall shouted with their eyes widened, Pony spoke coldly.
“Where are you going without inheriting the throne?”
“That, that… …
For those who staked their lives on their lineage, succession to the throne was as important as their lives.
“Of course, the next king is Adolf XIII here! Why are you asking the obvious?”
Each of the three princes had a name, but the eldest had already become Adolf XIII.
The royals were nervous.
‘What is that Pony girl thinking?’
The Royal Guard had already been sent to the flower field at Rufist’s suggestion.
There were a handful of guards, but if it was a Pony who graduated from a magic school, killing a person was an instant.
“If Tenar oppa becomes the next king… …
While everyone was watching with nervous expressions, Pony opened her mouth.
“How about holding a succession ceremony, even for a short time? Because the legitimacy of the king must be continued.”
“huh?”
The royals blinked.
“Look outside. This is a national crisis situation. We must quickly restore the kingship and lead the people.”
A sigh of relief was heard when she, who knew she would plot treason, obediently yielded.
“That would be nice. The palace must not be empty even for a moment.”
The eldest member of the royal family brought Adolf XII’s crown and placed it on Thénar’s head.
“Okay. Let’s go now. quickly!” The succession ceremony ended in an instant, and the royal family left in a hurry, leaving Pony alone.
Looking at the distant relatives, Pony smiled lightheartedly.
‘Still, I have at least some courage.’
Even when he heard Rufist’s proposal, he dreamed that he might become king.
“What is that?”
Now that the world has come to this point, the really important things are not something that others can give you.
“You were right, Sirone.”
will survive
At least her end would be different from that of Adolf XII, who died with a miserable expression on her face.
The giant, who was examining the inside with interest as if observing the world of a small country, let out a roar.
“Gaaaaang!”
Although the giant’s desire to trample on small things is incomparably greater than that of humans… … .
“I am not easy.”
Through the gap in the wall that the giant’s fist broke through, the flash of teleportation escaped.
Codename Lucky Boy.
“There!”
The aircraft Nade boarded was a self-powered, wizard-only aircraft.
Because it draws power from the outside, it is light and small in size, making it ideal for maneuvering missions.
‘Basuka.’
Basuka looked at from a high altitude was only the size of a thumb nail, but it felt like I could see each and every individual of the demons teeming with it.
It was disgusting and, if I could, I wanted to crush it with my hard boots.
‘It will happen soon.’
A single elemental bomb mounted on the lower part of the aircraft.
‘Only one foot.’
In the event of an unexploded bomb, the operation will fail, and mankind will perish by the forces of hell.
Even so, Iruki insisted on one shot.
‘Even though he’s a thorough guy… …
Who in the world could blame him?
‘do not worry. I will definitely succeed.’
Looking down again, most of the Hell’s army was concentrated in or near Basuka.
‘I drop it here.’ When the first realistic signal arrived in my brain, my heart sank.
‘really? Are you really doing it?’
As if the simulations I had imagined so far were absurd illusions.
‘Everything I see now disappears. In an instant.’
Life, life, civilization, and the joys and sorrows contained within them, it was not a weight to bear.
“Huh.”
My heart was not moved, but strangely, sobs leaked out and tears flowed.
“timer. timer.”
So I decided not to think about anything.
‘I’m just doing it. Like a fool, like a machine. Like a psycho, I just have to do my job.’
The time of 60 seconds will appear on the panel of the elemental bomb, and the moment it is separated from the vehicle, it will decrease by 1 second per second.
‘According to the calculations, it will explode at a height of 200 meters above Baska, and once it explodes… …
There is no life that can survive.
“Goes.”
Nade was about to reach for the button with a trembling hand when he heard a sharp voice.
“Catch that human!”
An army of fairies and fairies was flying in.
The moment he saw them, it seemed to pass quickly through Nade’s mind.
‘Press.’
A pure electrical signal with all the connotations.
As the elemental bomb detached from the aircraft with a click, the fairies turned sharply.
“Hold that object! Ikael’s name
Ishida!”
Time left until detonation, 59 seconds.
The maze swept through the town of Baska.
“Something like a c*ckroach!”
Every time the incarnation of Thousand Arms Guanshiyin performed a burial, the building collapsed.
“There!”
It was difficult to distinguish who was the rogue, but Miro and the others had no time to worry about trivial matters.
“Knock-knock! You want to catch me?” Paimon laughed as he moved freely between hundreds of points in the air.
‘It’s an annoying ability.’
Eating out van.
The ability to isolate a specific space and use the motility of those trapped there instead.
And now, Baska was an area with an abnormal population density that did not even need the world’s best modifier.
Paimon’s voice was heard from all directions.
“Ho-ho-ho! O moths that crave fire! The most wonderful festival in the world is coming soon… … !” The roof on which Paimon was standing was first pressed down in the form of a palm, and then the Cheonsu Gwanse Yin Jangbeop was pierced with repeated blows.
“It will begin.”
Paimon, who had left space before he knew it, looked up at the high sky with ecstatic eyes.
Elemental bombs were falling.
“what?”
The halo of the sun and moon created a telescopic effect in the atmosphere, and Miro and the others looked up at the sky.
“this!”
Even if he had prepared for death, it was dizzying to think that the bomb was about to explode.
‘How much is left?’
The timer Sain checked was 38 seconds.
Nade’s aircraft, which avoids the rain of fairies’ attacks, increased its output.
“I’m going crazy because I’m frustrated!”
Even if he cast lightning magic, it was impossible to counterattack because it was absorbed as the power of the flying object.
‘It’s too late to escape in time anyway.’
In the end, Nade, who left the aircraft, spread plasma around him and started magic in earnest.
passed the law
White electricity flashed like an explosion.
“Kyaaak!”
The fairy’s scream was cute, but the result was terrible.
As the bodies of the fairies struck by lightning glowed, squirrel-sized skeletons were reflected.
‘What the hell are these?’
According to the information I heard as the chairman of the Nade Group, it must be the army of Heaven.
The dynamics of good and evil are complex, but they were never necessary for humans.
‘Too many.’
As a rule of thumb, the number of fairies in the base was over 20,000, and the number around them also reached 1,000.
“I will take on the human. You guys collect the bombs!”
Hundreds of fairies chased after the bomb at the direction of Tanote, the head of the fairies.
‘no!’
He had already given up his life, but as much as the elemental bomb, he had to explode at a fixed location.
“at there!”
At the same time as Nade headed toward the ground, a strong restraining force wrapped around his body.
“Keugh!”
Tanote said with a cool smile.
“Triangle Jung. Triangle Field.”
Nade quickly scanned the large red line around him.
It was trapped inside an acute triangle, and at the apex, an ominous flame was burning.
“When three points are connected by a straight line, the area is mine.”
‘Damn it!’
Time left until detonation, 23 seconds.
“Iruki! Iruki! Open the door!” Left alone in the command room of the temple, Iruki sat down on the floor and did not answer.
An empty bottle of alcohol was scattered beside him, and his eyes, which had finished all the work, were unfocused.
“Iruki, please.”
Dorothy’s voice was followed by the commander’s cry.
“Back off! You said you wanted to be alone!”
“How are you? What if you have dangerous thoughts? Knowing how Iruki feels right now!”
“I do this because I know! Oh no, nobody knows! We cannot interfere!”
The sound of the quarrel was vague as if it was from another dimension.
“… … You made the right decision.”
Calculated by Lucky Boy’s performance, it will arrive in the sky over Baska in the next five minutes.
Iruki smiled faintly.
‘I did it. I did it. It couldn’t be more efficient than this. That is why… …
Is it right?
“Ahh… …
As the fear trapped in his heart exploded, sobs leaked out involuntarily.
“Ahhh… … Aaaaaa… … Seeing himself trembling as he grabbed his head, Iruki was convinced.
“it’s over.”
You won’t be able to live sanely.
“I’m done.”
“Iruki! please! talk to me! huh?” Dorothy’s banging on the door sounded like the approaching footsteps of a messenger from hell.
“Aww! Leave me alone!” When the sound disappeared from outside the door, Iruki covered his head again and sobbed.
“If I die. If I die… …
At that time, a calm knock sound was heard, different from the moment before.
“Iruki.”
The moment I heard the voice, my eyes widened.
pounding! pounding!
My heart was beating fast, and I raised my head even though I knew it was hallucinations.
“Iruki, it’s me. Can I come in?” It was Sirone’s voice.

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-961.txt
=============YYYYY=============
Face to Face（1）
Eating Out Triangle Field.
Tanote, who was born from the triangular spirit, is a middle jin belonging to the geometric system among the 72 classes of fairies, and governs the form of connecting three points with a straight line.
The law of the triangle is “the first force of confinement,” and ancient people also confined many concepts to this form, such as arrows (piercing), pottery (storage), and blades (cutting).
At a slightly higher level, there was a triangular horn that contained the spirit of Mara, and at the top was the trinity, meaning ‘reality’.
“Ho-ho-ho! What a pity! I don’t know what I dropped, but the archangel told me to collect it without fail.”
Of course, what Tanote deals with is not a high-level spirit, but a triangular form.
Even so, when the triangle field overlapped several times, Nade couldn’t move his limbs.
“damn!”
Tanote moved around Nade by taking three points, and each time the red line was activated, the restraining force became stronger.
‘It is an ability that becomes disadvantageous as time goes by. We need to deal with it as soon as possible.’ Following the muscles, even the senses were paralyzed.
When I looked down with the only gaze I could control, the elemental bomb was in a state of being as small as a dot.
‘Iruki.’
Honestly, I knew.
Even if the elemental bomb explodes safely, he is not a person who can breathe and live.
‘That’s why I can die too.’
As the eagerness that transcends life took hold of his entire body, electricity flowed through Nade’s body.
“Big!” As the electrical signal accompanying the pain flowed, the paralyzed senses were clearly felt.
“Uh, how?”
Tanote’s face, which was generating triangle fields in succession, turned pale.
‘Incarnation?’
A phenomenon that is not included in the Trinity and corresponds to the number 4 of the law.
As Nade gritted his teeth, the hundreds of red lines around him began to snap.
‘I’m sorry, Liz.’
In many ways.
‘I just lied to you and left.
me.’ Magic Fairy Tale – Brain God.
“Quaaaaaaaa!”
When Nade felt his reason fly away and screamed, the Triangle Field was destroyed.
Subsequently, an incarnation made of electricity rose from Ned’s body, acting as a dragon.
Tanote screamed in terror.
“Kyaaaaaa!”
The shape of the god of thunder that completely occupied the field of view was so vicious and sharp that it caused damage to the retina.
Tanote’s screams stopped abruptly as the giant, electrified face resembling Nade’s approached.
“100 million… … ! 100 million… … !”
A hiccup came out of shock.
The Thunder God had no intention of killing, but the reason why I was certain that he would die.
‘nature. It is the incarnation of nature.’
It must have been because he felt the temperament that only the highest-class fairies could have, the law of innocence.
The thoughts in Nade’s head exploded with a roar through the Thunder God’s entire body.
-You stupid kid.
“Hey!”
Nade’s face distorted like a monster.
– It’s not an insignificant thing to touch without knowing what it is.
It was a bomb containing all the hopes of Iruki and mankind.
“Heh, hehe.”
Tanote’s little face was covered with tears, and her legs trembled.
Even so, the pride of receiving the command of the great archangel Ikael did not break.
“shut up! I follow the archangel’s order… … ! Kuck!”
As the Thunder God’s grip gripped Tanote, the tiny body sizzled and burned.
“Huh!”
As Nade headed toward the ground with his eyes filled with electricity, the Thunder God grew in size and roared.
kurlrrrrrrung!
When it raised a thunderous sound comparable to that of the emperor, the fairies who were chasing after the bomb looked up at the sky.
“ah… …
The last thing their clear eyes captured was a sharp, gigantic speed of lightning.
Passssss!
As soon as the thunder god passed, all the fairies turned to ashes and disappeared, like a flock of gnats being burned.
“ha! ha!”
Nade, who caught up with the acceleration of gravity with the speed of electricity, hugged the bomb with his body.
Even with the aftermath of the magic assimilation remaining, both eyes clearly checked the timer.
‘Eleven seconds.’
There was a smile of relief.
‘finished.’
With the last ten seconds of his life left, good memories passed through Nade’s mind.
‘It’s not hallucinations.’
Iruki’s eyes looked frightened, but were looking at the door with even stronger desire.
It was obviously locked and the key was with him, but the lock unlocked as if by magic.
In fact, it was a door anyone could open if they wanted to.
However, only one person has the courage and qualifications to enter without receiving permission from Iruki.
No, I’m not sure about that either, but if I had to pick just one… … .
“Sirone.”
Outside the wide open door, Sirone was standing.
“How are you here… …
The commander was nowhere to be seen from Iruki’s location, and Dorothy was watching Sirone with a sad expression.
“I heard about it.”
When Sirone stepped into the room, Iruki’s shoulders twitched in fear.
“They made an elemental bomb. You succeeded.”
“??????go back.”
Iruki couldn’t bear to meet his eyes.
“I don’t want to receive comfort, rebuttal, or support. it’s what i chose I will be responsible for everything.”
“Operation elemental bombing is a good strategy. With this, you will be able to annihilate many demons.”
It was only then that Iruki looked at Sirone.
“Are you agreeing with me?” A smile spread across Sirone’s lips.
“Iruki, no one can object. Who else could have afforded it if not you? That’s why you are the only one who has the right to choose. Even if I am Yahweh, an infinite wizard, and the Five Great Stars of the Ivory Tower.”
While the commanders looked blank, Sirone got down on one knee in front of Iruki.
“I will not make any judgments about what you choose. The reason I came here is just… …
Shirone’s hand rested on Iruki’s shoulder.
“I came to keep my promise as a friend.”
Dorothy murmured.
” promise?”
On the other hand, Iruki.
“ah??????
Recalling a certain memory, the tip of his chin trembled.
“??????promise.”
Sirone nodded.
“Yes, that promise. When your thoughts lead to terrible tragedies, when your brain devours you… …
Tears flowed down Iruki’s cheeks.
“Please stop. You, you want me to stop… …
At that moment, this little rookie popped out from the depths of the brain, where scraps of information were piled up.
With a terrified expression on his face as if he had drifted on the sea, he stretched out his hand and shouted.
help me.
“I will take responsibility.”
Sirone responded to the sound of her heart.
“I will take responsibility for everything you had to deal with until now. therefore… …
Shirone’s voice trembled as she saw Iruki, who had become a pain, in her eyes.
“So now, come back.”
Iruki let out a painful cry and lowered his head as if he had been hit somewhere. Hugging his convulsive body, Iruki confessed his true feelings for the first time.
“scared. I am scared to death.”
“I’m fine now.”
As she stroked her friend’s back, which had dried up like a dead tree branch, Shirone strained her eyes.
“Because I am not afraid.”
Iruki nodded slowly, and Dorothy ran up and threw herself at him.
“Iruki! are you okay?”
Dorothy looked back as Sirone, who had entrusted her friend to her lover, slowly stood up.
“Thank you, Sirone.”
I left all the burden on Sirone, but to be honest, I couldn’t handle it anymore.
Iruki shook his head.
“What are you going to do?”
Just by putting down the weight of humanity, intelligence was reviving in his eyes.
“To Baska is too far. What time is it? okay.”
Servants don’t need to check their watch.
“It is already late. It’s more than enough time for Nade to drop the elemental bomb by now.”
“don’t worry.”
Sirone put her hands behind her back and looked out the window.
“Because my heart is already there.”
Time left until detonation, 10 seconds.
Paimon, heading towards the sky, mocked Miro and the others following him biting their tail.
“Knock-knock! Chase somewhere, humans!”
The elemental bombs were still high in the sky, but considering the speed of their fall, we would encounter them sooner or later.
‘The most gorgeous!’
Meanwhile, the fairy troops who were attacked by Nade also arrived at the headquarters of the army of heaven.
“sorry. I couldn’t stop it.”
Instead of showing emotion, Ikael looked at the bomb as it crashed at breakneck speed.
‘It’s obviously a human firepower weapon.’
Even Vulcan couldn’t imagine its power, but the angel’s scale surpassed that of humans.
‘Looking at the situation on the ground, it probably won’t be at the level of just playing with fire.’
Giants also entered the human city, so I wanted to collect the bomb as much as possible.
‘There is plenty of time.’
If you are an archangel of light.
“Rayel.”
Just as Ikael was about to give instructions, Nane said.
“Okay.”
Nane, as if not interested in the bomb, was watching the screaming humans in Baska’s mayhem.
“I want to watch you. It will be safe here.”
To say it was Buddha’s arrogance, he had no choice but to obey because what he had was perfect.
“All right.”
Nade was dizzy as he hung on to the bomb that was falling at great speed.
‘8 seconds! 7 seconds!’
At that time, Paimon and Miro’s party were quickly rising from the ground.
‘ what?’
The first thing I noticed was Amy.
‘Why are you in Baska?’
There was nothing he could do now, and Nade fell from the bomb at that point.
“Aaaaaaa!”
5 seconds.
‘Yes, let’s die! Die together!’
4 seconds.
I was just resentful, and beyond that resentment, futility surged from a faraway place.
3 seconds.
“It is Satan.”
Paimon opened his arms toward the bomb.
“Hell in this world!”
2 seconds.
Her skin started bubbling as the demon world showed signs of opening.
“Try it to your heart’s content! This is it!” candle.
“The worst disease I ever created… … !”
At that moment, brilliant golden smoke enveloped the bomb, and Paimon’s eyes shook in shock.
0 seconds.
‘Miracle Stream!’
If it exploded as it was, it would be a process so fast that it wouldn’t even remain in my mind.
“ah??????
All in the sky could see great vibrations of energy trapped in the golden smoke.
The Miracle Stream, which transcended time with quantum signals, was transformed into the form of Sirone.
“wow.”
Suppressing the explosion between her palms, Sirone was genuinely amazed.
‘The mobility of the particles is amazing.’
Of course, it’s not like we haven’t felt energy on this scale in all of the history of the universe.
‘It was made by humans?’
Iruki proved the fact that human knowledge can reach apostasy.
“Sirone… …
Nade and Miro, who were floating 200 meters in the air, found Sirone and were stunned.
But more surprising than that.
“Nonsense.”
It was a situation where the energy to fly several kilometers in an instant was confined to an area of 30 centimeters.
‘It converts energy.’
Just as electricity is produced by turning a windmill with wind, Sirone converted the kinetic energy of particles into hexa.
‘Any energy would be lethal
only… …
Sirone knew the only energy that could not be combined into a photon signal.
‘The ultimate realm of Yahweh.’
Agape.
The particles bubbled up and exploded in the air like primordial light.
“Ki-i-i!”
The moment Paimon’s arms and legs melted in the light, Miro’s party also twisted their heads.
‘I couldn’t stop it after all.’
At that moment, I suddenly realized that if the bomb had exploded, I would not have been able to even think of this.
“what?”
When Miro’s eyes flashed open, a tremendous number of screams erupted from the ground.
“Kuaaa! it hurts! it hurts!”
The citizens of Baska lay face down on the ground, hearing screams from all directions.
“Abominable Yahweh! Goddamn Yahweh… … ! Kut!”
Silence came when tens of thousands of voices filling the surroundings evaporated at the same time.
“Sal, are you alive?”
People stood up and looked around, but everything was covered in light.
“iced coffee??????
In a feeling of warmth in their hearts, they closed their eyes as if they had made a promise.
‘It’s warm.’
It was the heart of Yahweh, the temperature of agape.

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-962.txt
=============YYYYY=============
Face to Face(2)
‘see.’
The world, filled with signals of agape, began to regain its color in the landscape.
Miro, who came down to the ground, looked around.
Basuka downtown, which was teeming with demons, was desolate and empty as if it had never been.
“Aww. cadet.”
Even those with a high concentration of demons and strong demons were crawling on the ground in a half-melted state.
‘Half of it is gone.’
Judging by the population density, there must have been at least 60 million extinct demons.
Of course, downtown Baska was almost wiped out.
The only surviving army was the demons outside the range of Agape, beyond the walls of Basuka.
‘But the point is… …
Excluding the demons, the people in the city did not suffer even a single word of damage.
“I lived.”
Citizens who came to their senses jumped up.
“I live! We live!”
It was only when their shouts reached the sky that the party felt the reality.
‘Sirone is… …
It’s always a familiar face, but now my heart raced as if a dead person had returned.
“Whoa.”
Sirone, who came down to the ground last, exhaled a long breath and looked around at everyone and smiled.
“hi?”
As always, even the simple greeting brought tears to my eyes.
“city… …
That’s when Amy opens her mouth and tries to approach.
“Sirone!”
Nade, who cast spark magic, quickly closed the distance and hugged Sirone.
“You bastard! What the hell happened? You don’t even have to talk to us!”
“sorry. There was a situation.”
They knew each other so well that even Nade didn’t want to hear an explanation.
“Ha, really… …
I had no doubt that it would come.
Iruki thinks, Nade prepares, and Sirone always solves problems.
“I thought I was really going to die.”
My heart skipped a beat when the elemental bomb timer dropped below 10 seconds.
Nade suddenly remembered.
“I have to tell Iruki. That guy, every minute and every second is a dangerous situation. Just in case… …
“are you okay. Because even Iruki knows.”
” huh?”
Even knowing about the existence of the elemental bomb, there was no way that Sirone had been to the temple first.
‘I don’t have that kind of personality.’
How to incline the mind to the urgent side.
But even that was just human common sense, unable to solve two cases at the same time.
“Sirone.”
Sirone turned to Lian’s voice.
“Rian.”
I didn’t make a fuss.
He must have been the only one who could forget Sirone for a moment and fight in this terrible battlefield.
Perhaps out of pride, Lian smiled and pushed Amy on the back.
” ah.”
Nade lost the player, but rather fortunately, his heart pounded.
‘Am I ready to meet Sirone?’
Because he did everything he could, the warm hope disappears and only the cold reality remains.
At the point where you have to face everything like that.
‘Sirone… …
It seemed non-human.
“You’re getting stronger, Amy.”
As if comforting, the first emotion Amy felt was anxiety.
“You worked hard. Enter Valkyrie, receive special training from Mr. Garcia, and… …
I’ll try to list as many things as possible.
“I risked my life to fight alongside you, wandering around the battlefield. And then the fire… …
I didn’t feel like I was approaching Sirone.
“I almost died, but I did… …
Looking at Amy, who was desperately holding back her sorrow, Sirone opened her mouth.
“Sorry.”
It was sincere.
“I hurt you. You shouldn’t have said that. I am the worst boyfriend ever.”
“what.”
Amy tightened her trembling lips.
“What is the worst? you did your best Because I’m weak, I can’t fight with you… …
“no.”
Sirone shook her head.
“It was me who was weak.” The people around them waited for the first sincerity of Sirone, who had reached a new level.
“I was weak, so I said such mean things. You must have suffered as much as I did, but you made me take responsibility for my pain.” The reason why the Ultima system is possible is because everyone has a heart.
“therefore… …
Syrone said, guessing the wounds Amy had to endure.
“Let’s fight together. Whatever the outcome, I will never leave your side.”
Amy’s shoulders trembled with emotion, and her friends smiled.
uo ≫
……Huh
Amy clenched her fists and nodded.
‘I don’t cry.’
Until we end this war with everyone, not a single tear will be shed.
On the other hand, the army of Heaven, who was watching from outside the walls of Baska, was also stunned for a moment.
In particular, Satiel felt an emotion close to fear after the light of agape burst out.
‘What is this?’
It was certain that it was a type of Hexa, but it was a feeling I had never experienced before.
‘Is it included in the Guffin erasure?’
The reason I think it’s a little different from that is because there’s no peculiar discomfort.
‘After all, you’re saying that I don’t know. But also… … It’s something I know.’
Because she has tried countless times to recover her memories, there is only one case that can be deduced.
‘If it’s the Guffin itself.’
Agape is not experienced, but the contradiction is resolved if it is associated with the guffin.
‘After all, if the feeling of that light is a guffin… …
Satiel’s eyes turned to Ikael, but her expression was still cold.
‘why?’
If Ikael had regained his memory, he would have to react shockingly to the light from a moment ago.
‘Couldn’t he have regained his memory?’ Satiel, who had been contemplating Ichael’s gaze, shook his head ferociously.
‘No, it’s rather abnormal. Even I, whose memory has not been recovered, had a ripple in my mind.’
The lack of shaking in the Astral Body meant that he was intentionally controlling his mind.
‘I’m alive.’
Ikael looked down at the scene where the demons disappeared and millions of humans saved their lives.
“Are you relieved?”
At Nane’s question, Ikael turned his head.
“I have special feelings for humans…”
“Someone said this. A voice without heart is just a shell.” When Ikael was silent, Shura stepped out.
“How is the Buddha feeling?
Many demons died and humans lived.”
I’m…….
“I opened the psychic realm.”
I looked down at the joy of the citizens who had regained their chance of life.
“I called the devil, and in return, countless humans are suffering. Do you think it is cruel?” “Are they happy to be alive? Of course I’m happy. However, demons are the spirit of that era. It’s not fruit and water from outer space.”
Nane wrinkled her nose with a sad expression.
“Since when are humans… … Didn’t you just feel fear after suffering from demons?”
Shura couldn’t answer this time either.
“Did I open hell? No, I opened the era. The terrible pain that someone had to endure even before the psychic realm opened became a reality and hit everyone. Of those who rejoice here and now, how many are not responsible for the hell of this age?”
“But human beings are by nature… …
“There was once.”
Nane, who swallowed Ankera’s dream, knew about humanity that existed a long time ago.
“A truly strong human being who has nothing to fear from the spirit of the times.”
The archangels nodded.
‘It did.’ In fact, there has never been a time in the history of Heaven that demons have had such great power.
‘The Gaians are a race that fought against the gods. The demon had no place to set foot in front of their beliefs.’
He was not afraid of what was inside of him.
“So, as of yet, I cannot decide on the necessity of my existence.”
you said
“I will go and listen.”
After crossing the walls of Baska, the army of Heaven landed on the street where Sirone was.
The Yahweh of the age and the Buddha of the age faced each other with a block in between.
The sounds disappeared one by one, and finally silence came without even the sound of breathing.
Nade swallowed dryly.
‘My heart feels like it’s going to burst.’
Just looking at the people lined up right behind Nane, the energy was enough to overwhelm the world.
‘That’s an archangel. Is it the Ikael Sirone spoke of? that guy is probably already
“There is nothing to be nervous about.”
Miro put his hand on Nade’s shoulder.
“I don’t know until I try. Because we’re not too hard. Including you, of course.”
My heart was calmed down by the smile of the polar line.
“ah??????
Then, for the first time, the faces of those who guarded Sirone came into view, and a shudder arose.
‘and me.’
The strongest (self-proclaimed) electric wizard Nade.
‘I will finish this fight.’
As she looked back with her eyes shining like that, Sirone took a step alone.
“Hey you??????!”
Sirone turned around and smiled.
“I will be back.”
Nade then saw Nane approaching alone from the army of Heaven.
Each step Yahweh and Buddha took to meet each other was as long as an eternity.
Dante, who was watching seriously, smiled.
‘It brings back memories.’
Back in magic school, during the 2,000 man-to-person battle, Sirone and Dante walked like that.
‘Neither of us had any failures.’
Two people who had only experienced winning streaks in their short lives faced off, and the result was Dante’s defeat.
‘That defeat… …
The reason why I feel fortunate is that I am freed from the compulsion to win and am able to savor life.
‘But you are still carrying it.’
As the afterimages of the sword stood up around Nane, Sirone also floated a hexagonal hexa.
‘ good.’
Dante pushes Sirone’s back with his gaze.
gave it
‘That is the end of the world.’
Sirone, who shattered Hexa into golden smoke, collided with Nane, who created a sword fire.
As the two stared at each other in that state, the observers thought the same thing.
‘ Resembles.’
The pure impression of Sirone and the tattoo-filled Nane were never the same… … .
‘Why are you doing this? Are my eyes strange?’ It was as if one person was standing in front of a mirror, the same person with the left and right reversed.
“The other side of the mirror.”
Miro said.
“Then really… … Who could it be?”
Nane’s sword rose like a thorn, and at the same time, the Miracle Stream split and struck.
Cuckoo Cuckoo Cuckoo!
Every time the sword, which had thousands of visible afterimages, was entangled in the smoke of light, it made my eyes dizzy.
“The fight started the moment you took the first step.”
They just blocked each other’s way, and no one had ever stopped walking.
‘It breaks through.’
When Sirone gritted his teeth and frowned, Nane made the same expression.
‘What is necessary?’
The concept of a billion units to ask for it, all those harmony attacked Sirone in the form of a sword.
‘Absolutely not.’
When the Miracle Stream wrapped around Nane’s sword, all those concepts scattered like a delusion.
‘It’s not that cold. That’s the heart.’
While Hexa and Geomhwa collided with a roar, no one on either side dared to step out.
‘The same thing is colliding.’
It felt like the law of the world was bursting just by looking at each other.
“The world is one anyway.”
Miro said.
“The only thing left for the two people who perfectly defined that world is a difference in point of view. It’s like a mirror. But the problem is, you don’t know who’s in the mirror. Also, since both are perfect, they will never break.”
Sein asked.
“then?”
“Thus, what breaks is perspective. The moment the mirror breaks, they will know for themselves.”
Who is it that is pouring in fragments?

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-963.txt
=============YYYYY=============
Face to Face(3)
‘ amazing.’
Nane paid her respects to Sirone. It’s a realization. He’s reached the pinnacle himself, so he wasn’t particularly surprised.
Just the path Sirone chose.
‘mind.’
The fact that he stood at the end of the world with everyone’s heart in it is great.
‘Yeah, there was a road like that.’
Like the symmetry of a mirror, we walked different paths from the beginning but ended up in the same place.
‘I must say right.’
Hexa, the ultimate state that the heart can pursue, Nane had no choice but to admit.
‘But this is the beginning.’
As Nane’s sword flame emitted a more brilliant light, he began stabbing at the Miracle Stream.
whatever you can imagine
Because Nane’s sword contains all the harmony this world has.
‘Sermon, Bing-Yeong
All cold concepts stung Sirone in a near-infinite spectrum.
‘It’s not cold.’
Sirone’s heart, which denied Nane’s truth, was embodied in the Miracle Stream and destroyed the sermon.
Amy’s face was in shock.
“oh my god… …
Every time the particles of light and the sword of concept collided, something unbelievable was seen in the spark.
“What is that?”
pupil.
It is not clear whether it was human, but an innumerable number of pupils flickered across their retinas.
“The world is ripping apart.”
Miro said.
“That’s as far as humans can know. Is it an error in the universe or something more… …
Nade swallowed and said.
“What if we step out? What if you break the balance of power?”
“Are you stupid over there?”
At the place Miro pointed with his chin, he saw angels waiting with serious faces.
“The reason they don’t move is because Sirone and Nane aren’t fighting a power showdown.”
“Then what do we fight with?”
“All justice in the universe.” “The world is one, but the point of view has somehow become two. That’s a problem.”
Rufist continued.
“When I hit with a mass of 100 tons, Nane and Sirone each decide how that 100 tons will behave. In the end it doesn’t make any sense It’s up to them to decide.”
Miro nodded.
“That’s right. The two systems are perfectly interlocked. Only the two of you know the justice that is given out there. Even if I attack Nane with a polar line, it’s a situation where Sirone could suffer damage.”
While they were talking, the confrontation between Sirone and Nane reached its peak.
‘Did you realize this too?’
It was always me who asked questions.
‘Then how about this?’
The sword of the sermon was fired at Sirone, combining all the concepts of the end and end of the universe.
‘Agape.’
The Miracle Stream emanated a terrifying light and wrapped around Nane’s sword, breaking it.
Miro’s eyebrows trembled.
“Almost matched.”
If it were a conversation, the two would have talked about everything in the universe in a short amount of time.
‘And here it is the same. If it was one person, it would have been a god, but in the end, it’s just two people… …
still human.
‘Who is the one that breaks?’
At that time, Miro covered her face and watched it seriously, the angelic light shook.
At the same time, exclamations erupted from the Allied side.
“uh’? uh huh?”
It was a subtle movement that could not be seen with the naked eye, but it was a powerful feeling that made her concentration scream.
“Sir, Sirone… …
I was pushing Nane’s forehead little by little.
‘I don’t look alike.’
When the symmetry of the mirror disappeared and Yahweh and Buddha were separated, Nane’s face was distorted.
“Big!”
The sword fire stood up as if it were exploding, and the entire Basuka was shaken with powerful vibrations.
‘Perspective is breaking.’ It felt as if the world would split in two, but Sirone had no intention of stopping.
‘Never back down.’
Just when I opened my bitter eyes and took a step, I saw Nane’s smile.
“huh?”
At the same time as Sirone’s step landed on the ground, Nane stepped back the same distance.
“What, what?”
Allied forces, as well as the army of Heaven, narrowed their eyes.
‘Did you step back yourself?’
It was almost the same, so even Sirone couldn’t understand what he was doing earlier.
‘I wouldn’t have done it.’
If he was afraid of defeat and retreated, he would not have become a Buddha of the era from the beginning.
“It was an informative conversation.”
It was the reason I was offended by Nane’s words.
“A conversation? We risked the world and collided. there are no variables No, I checked all the variables. No matter what you do, the outcome will not change.”
“know. I lost.”
No one said anything, but the atmosphere of the Heavenly Army was agitated.
‘Buddha… …
It was Shura who was most shocked.
‘I know. He’s not one to give up so easily. Even if it’s Yahweh… … . no way?’
Suddenly, a thought came to my mind.
‘Is it that difficult?’
Nane stepped back and continued talking.
“Even though the direction is different, the essence is the same. It’s about thinking about what people need. I could understand your philanthropy. No, I truly understand you.”
Nane’s gaze moved away from Sirone for the first time, and turned to someone behind her.
‘Amy.’
If you close the world, Amy will disappear, and your love for her will also disappear.
‘Is this the right thing?’
I’m right in everything except one, so stop believing that this is also right.
‘That shouldn’t be the case.’
If it wasn’t 100%, the Buddha’s sermon would be abusive language, not the truth.
“I am watching you.”
As Nane ascended to the sky, the army of Heaven lifted its head with an absurd expression.
“Are you gone?”
When he turned his eyes back to the ground, the allied forces were behind Sirone.
3 Mara Ashur asked Ikael.
“What should I do?”
Since the Buddha had left the front line, the ultimate command authority had passed to the archangel.
said Leil.
“Please allow me to leave. As you saw earlier, Nane is not Anchera. We have a mission to rule over them by continuing the will of God. I will.” No words came out of Ikael’s mouth as he met Sirone’s eyes.
Satiel was alert.
‘If she regained her memory, there’s no way she would allow a war with humans.’
“Chief Angel.”
Just as Ashur was about to ask again, Mir kicked off the floor and jumped out.
“Enough now.”
He quickly closed the distance and thrust his fist into Shirone’s face.
“I will solve it.”
As the Miracle Stream wrapped around Ymir’s arm, an unfamiliar resistance surged up.
“Quack!”
A resistance never to be forgotten.
“Yaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!”
The light smoke exploded with a pop, and the wind pressure of the fist pushed Sirone back.
“Whoa!”
I had already experienced it as an omega, but the feeling of being victimized without going through Guffin was vastly different.
“It’s a jab, a jab.”
Lian stepped in front of Ymir, who raised his arms and thumped the ground as he charged.
“Your opponent is me.” As the great sword swung around and split the world, Ymir’s eyes shone.
‘This… … ?’
As the animalistic urge surged in, Ymir’s body, which was heading towards Sirone, twisted sharply.
“Ha ha ha ha!”
As he attacked while covering his face with one arm, the Daejikdo hit the top of his forearm.
M | 99
The moment the sensation called shock was delivered, it was so thrilling that the hair on my head stood on end.
‘Yes, this is it!’
Ymir, losing his temper from the excitement of the battle, twisted his back and threw his fist.
“Come on, Ozen… …
At the same time, a huge incarnation of Guanshi Yin emerged and struck Ymir thousands of times from left and right.
“Explode.”
As the final blow was struck, Ymir’s body was pushed aside four meters.
‘Four meters?’
The maze was bittersweet.
‘I hit it with the intention of flying 4 kilometers.’
When Ymir opened the attack, the giants rushed forward, shaking the ground as if they had been waiting for them.
“Sheesh! Those!”
Ashur lost his temper, but they were dead anyway by Ymir’s command.
Miro said as he signed his hand.
“Fight. Get ready.”
As the allied forces rushed towards the army of heaven, the angels inevitably began to move.
Only Sirone was watching the situation.
‘It’s disadvantageous at this rate.’
Unlike the Allies, which depend on a few characters, the Heavenly Army were all Xinjiang.
If it wasn’t for Miro’s defensive power, it wouldn’t be strange if Basuka had already flown away.
‘I have no choice but to do it.’
Only Hexa could do this.
“Whoa.”
Sirone let out a deep breath and drew in the Miracle Stream between her hands.
‘As expected, it’s not enough.’
However, as the melee continued in Basuka, it was the humans who suffered the most damage.
“Hand of God.”
As signals are fired over Sirone’s head, the clouds open up and open a huge hole.
“That one?”
The angels’ faces turned pale.
“Stop!”
As a huge group of light in the form of a hand pierced the sky, the archangels rushed.
The fastest was Rayel.
‘Accelerator!’
The moment Rayel, who was charging at the speed of light, put the brakes on the speed of light and punched out.
‘ huh?’
A blond-haired boy, apparently moving at the same speed, charged in from the side.
‘That one?’
In the eyes sparkling with madness, I saw two magic circles being assembled at the speed of light.
‘Gwangryong… …
When he thought that far, the boy’s fist hit Rayel in the face.
‘Phaeton?’
bang
The archangel’s body, pinned to the ground, dug a hole in the ground and was pushed endlessly.
“Ha ha ha! A long time!”
Before the inertia of power disappeared, Phaeton, who had caught up with Rayel, unleashed a series of blows with small fists.
“Did you miss it! uh? Did you miss me?”
Layel’s upper body was stuck on the ground, and her legs were flapping like fish.
When the angels who had been watching blankly for a while came to their senses and hurriedly turned around.
“no!”
The Hand of God pressed down on the entire Basuka, bending his fingers as if scooping up dirt.
‘Heaven’s army is scooped out.’
Like a filter, the entire army of heaven was caught in a fist of light rising to the sky.
“Yaaaaa!” At the same time as Sirone swung his arm, Hand of God threw everyone away.
Numerous angels invoked the judicial halo, but it was a nature that could not be stopped by the law.
“Aaaaaaa!”
The eyes of the allies widened as they saw the angel and Mara, the fairy and the giant flying like sand.
“… … What is that?”
When she turned her head to listen to the explanation, Sirone was breathing heavily.
“ha. ha.”
I didn’t like the current result
‘The Ultima system is too weak. All it takes is a wire break. It didn’t even fly to outer space.’
pop! pop! pop! pop!
Listening to the Pagongong sound, it seemed that some factors had already broken the power of Hexa and departed.
‘I need more ideas.’
As Sirone lost his thoughts, the Hand of God assumed the shape of a hand resting on his chin.
While everyone watched in bewilderment, Peyton walked away, dusting off his pants.
“Anyway, it’s slow… …
A roar erupted in the air,
Around Sirone, 11 people landed.
They glared at Phaeton as if they were about to eat it, but immediately got down on one knee and bowed.
“Messiah.”

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-964.txt
=============YYYYY=============
Face to Face(4)
As 12 people, centered on Sirone, knelt down, a murmur was heard from the allied forces.
“Who is it?”
Very few people knew the identity.
“Those… …
said Zulu, feeling Maze’s eyes catch fire.
“Be careful. The battle is not over yet.”
With the Hand of God, the army of Heaven was scattered all over the world, but with their abilities, it was a matter of seconds to gather again.
Among the 12 apostles, a black woman with long limbs and well-developed muscles spoke.
“Forgive me for being late. Looking for where the Messiah is going… …
It was the black dragon Abyris.
She was wearing a gypsy-style skirt and clad in accessories with the meaning of witchcraft.
He has an arrogant personality to the point of calling himself the Black King, Gwangpokryongmi, and always quarrels with Gwangryong, his natural enemy, but is always polite in front of the Messiah.
Phaeton smiled uncharacteristically for a boy.
“Hey, is that slow or something? You have to keep your head upright and take a look.”
Sirone’s quantum transmission transcends the light speed barrier, so in reality, Phaeton was only belatedly tracking it.
Earth Dragon Gaitan sternly scolded.
“Don’t be c*cky. Competition is always welcome, but teamwork is also important to fulfill the will of the Messiah.” It was a dark-skinned giant with extremely well-developed shoulder muscles, and was actually the best among the 12 apostles in terms of physical strength.
Sirone apologized.
“sorry. It was a situation where there would be setbacks if the simultaneous events were not developed. But we’ve bought time, so we’ll go ahead as planned.”
The 12 apostles bowed their heads.
“I follow the will of the Messiah.”
After shaking off Gangnan’s hand, Miro approached.
“Isn’t there something we need to do before that? If it wasn’t for me, Sirone couldn’t stop the atomic bomb. After all, aren’t you guys saying your calculations are wrong?”
The Fire Dragon Inpercus licked his lips.
“whatever? So did you send it?” Miro raised his head, rather excitedly.
“Ho-ho-ho!”
She stopped laughing and glared ferociously.
“It was so exciting when we tied it up and beat it up, right? Will you suffer this time?” As if to prove their sincerity, the incarnation of Guanshi Yin with thousands of hands emerged with a mad smile.
The dragon, Argan, raised both hands and stopped the maze.
“Everything went well, but don’t fight. Aren’t they each having their own circumstances?”
He was a tall man with a white face like a clown and black eye makeup.
She had a terrifying impression with her lips torn apart with a black rouge.
“shut up. The one you hit hurt the most.”
“No, that… … Because work is work.”
As Argan scratched his head in a quarrel, the white dragon, Assryker, stood up.
“sorry.”
In an instant, the hall became silent.
“I apologize for what happened before. Now that we have come to follow the Messiah, from now on we will treat you according to our relationship with the Messiah.” Even more than the maze, the people around me were stunned.
‘ beautiful.’
No, an indescribable charm seemed to cover her whole body.
‘It’s not attractive. It’s magical power.’
Even the cool-headed Lufist was dizzy, and even the women, Tess and Amy, couldn’t take their eyes off her.
It must have been because he was focusing on Miro right now. If he made eye contact, anyone’s legs would go weak and collapse.
“?red.”
Miro also had already experienced Baekryong’s ultimate goal.
Although she doesn’t have the ability to dispel magic like Sirone, Senseum, who has no blind spots, endured by hitting an iron wall against all senses.
‘However, it is impossible to engage in delicate combat in this state. If so, can this also be considered an attack?’
In any case, if the 12 apostles followed Sirone, it also met the purpose of the maze.
“Okay, then let’s get down to business. Si Lone, there must be a reason why you flew the army of heaven.”
“yes. For now, that was my limit.”
Sirone spoke frankly.
“Hand of God is an example of an aggressive use of Idea’s link. It uses the user’s will in the form of a hand.”
As everyone looked up at the sky, a huge hand of light gave an OK sign with their index finger and thumb.
Miro lowered her head and asked.
“What does that mean? Of course, it will take time for the entire line to form, but there is no special defense method.”
It was just fighting.
“no.”
Sirone shook her head.
“From now on, defeat the armies of Heaven individually.
I will.”
“huh?”
Everyone blinked.
A carriage that came out of the temple quickly ran towards Vasuka.
Dorothy was on the left and Aromi was on the right.
And on the bed opposite… … .
“Quantum transfer?”
Sirone was there.
“huh. It’s Hexa’s ability.”
When Sirone raised his index finger, the hexagonal hexa was quickly turned.
“It’s also the first ability I created.”
In fact, Guffin could have done it, but it was correct to say that there was no need for it.
“Everybody was strong in the days of the Gaians. Not just force, what should I say? Do you think everyone said they looked like guffins?” It took time to get to Baska, so this rookie could listen calmly.
“My first thought after receiving the Omega from Karatorsa was that I couldn’t do that.”
“Currently, mankind is not that strong.”
“… … unfortunately. So I thought. What is the most efficient way to use the Ultima system?”
“Is that the ability you just described?”
Iruki couldn’t believe it.
“huh. Quantum transfer is… … . Ah, the 12 apostles have just arrived. Anyway, the quantum transfer song… …
Dorothy held out her hand.
“wait for a sec. I don’t understand, so you’re in Baska, and you’re in this place, and you’re exchanging information?”
Sirone shook her head.
“No, it is not two separate things. Because there is only one me in this world.”
“But now you… …
“Yes, I am also in Baska. Well, how can I easily explain this? okay.”
Said Sirone, who flicked her finger.
“Actually, there is no city called Basuka. They do not exist in this world.”
“Hmm.”
While Iruki nodded as if he had realized something, Shirone pointed at the window.
“Dorothy, what do you think is out there?”
There were curtains on the windows.
“Well, mountains or forests? animals or
what… …
Dorothy stopped talking and blinked.
“You mean nothing?”
“okay. At least for us as observers.”
When Sirone pulled back the curtains, a wide meadow was revealed.
“And the moment we observe like this, the world is born.”
Aromi, an outsider, asked an innocent question.
“Then what if I pull back the curtains incredibly fast? So fast that you can’t even see it. Then will it be confirmed that there is nothing?”
“haha.”
Sirone laughed, but didn’t feel bad.
It must have been because there was a feeling that it was a good question.
“Common sense imagination is like that. But when you extend it to the realm of thought, everything that exists in this world can never overtake the background signal. I am confined to a solid wall.”
“What is that wall?”
“hour.”
“ah?… ”
“It’s called the light-speed barrier. The basic signals that make up this world are photons. It’s not because the light is fast, but because it’s basic, you can’t overtake it. Therefore, the speed of light is constant, and no matter how fast the curtains are pulled back, you cannot see the background.”
Aromi always nodded her head.
“Hoo, that’s right. No matter how fast the arrow is, if time stops, it won’t be able to move forward. Oh, is this example correct?”
“Exactly.”
A smile appeared on Aromi’s face.
“Huh, now I understand. After all, everyone trapped in the photon system cannot transcend the speed of light.”
“yes.”
Sirone nodded and added.
“But I can transcend.” With Aromi’s mouth gaping blankly, Iruki smiled.
“Is that quantum transport?”
“huh. The mind can transcend the speed of light. Actually imagining the end of the universe is incomparably faster than light.”
Dorothy asked.
“But isn’t that just imagining?”
“Even that doesn’t change anything. In fact, even now, Baska still exists.
isn’t it?”
“That is our position. therefore… … You’re the only one here, and you won’t know whether you’re in Baska or not until you observe it, I get it. The problem is you. The feeling of being in different spaces at the same time doesn’t seem logical.”
“That’s because humans have one mind and one body. In fact, on other planets, a single brain can drive millions of creatures. Their logic must be different from that of humans.”
Sirone spread his palm and raised the index and middle fingers of the opposite hand vertically.
“These two fingers are in different spaces, but I can tell immediately which one moves. Of course, this is not an exact example. This is transmitted through nerves, but I am connected by quantum signals.”
“It is the heart.”
Iruki said.
“It’s an integrated mental system.”
“huh. I found a way to maximize the power of the Ultima system. Of course, since I am only one person, the system will not be strengthened. You can only defeat enemies individually. And above all… …
Sirone’s eyes changed sharply.
“This is the only way to unite the human mind the fastest.”
Iruki realized.
‘This guy really… …
He was thinking of reviving the Ultima system.
“Does the range matter?”
“huh. There is no courtship of space. Because that’s my heart. step.”
Sirone placed her index and middle fingers on her palm again.
“It is the heart after all. If I, in the two spaces, observe each other’s existence, one will inevitably disappear.”
The moment their fingers met, Sirone quickly moved her middle finger out of her palm.
“Right.”
Iruki’s head turned.
“Nevertheless, strategically enough. In summary, if you exist in a region where you cannot observe each other, then the phenomenon you described is possible, right?”
* O” Heh.
Sirone in both spaces said the same thing.
“Simultaneous events.”
Dante, Amy, and Nade, as well as Miro, all had dazed expressions.
“What kind of nonsense are you talking about?” While Lian had already given up on understanding, Poine, the venomous dragon, burst into laughter.
“Chuck! Did the young wife live only by being deceived? The power of our Messiah moves the heavens.”
u tsu ” X.
Miro looked at him with a hard look, but he was right.
‘Hmm, that’s why they were forcibly disbanded. The basis of the idea is the Ultima system. It’s definitely a good way.’
After thinking, Miro asked.
“What are the criteria for transmission? If space didn’t exist, we wouldn’t be able to take coordinates.”
“that’s right. It needs a quantum signal from the observer. In other words, you cannot go where there are no people.”
“What is that?”
With Sirone’s mobility, it was a wall that could be crossed.
“Then from now on… …
After explaining the simultaneous incident, Si Lone turned to everyone and said.
“I will assemble a team to fight with me.”
No one came forward.
Because there will be sirone on every team.

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-965.txt
=============YYYYY=============
Simultaneous Incident (1)
Rufist said.
“Let’s think about it first.”
The confrontation was short-lived, but the army of Heaven remained clear in Lufist’s mind.
“The subjects became independent in Heaven, and the eternal beings were mobilized for the ministry of Ra Enemy, but scattered due to the collapse of the Council of Ten.”
The placenta would have died.
“In the end, all that came before us was power. Angels and Maras, fairies and giants.” Even so, it was true that it was difficult to deal with with human power.
Sein said.
“Heaven is not the only thing that matters. The elite of the demons still remain around the world. And sooner or later, the Pandemonium will be fully opened.”
Sirone said as the atmosphere became serious.
“We have three main goals. First, join the humanitarian relief efforts currently being carried out in the Ivory Tower. Second, subdue the demons and prepare for the demon world. Third, subdue the armies of heaven and essentially stop me.”
Nade asked.
“me : yes? Didn’t you already block it?”
“We talked a lot. Maybe about the whole universe. But one thing is clear… …
Sirone turned to Amy.
“I mean I love Amy.”
Only that fact must have been the reason he backed down from all levels of confrontation.
“huh?”
As everyone who knew Amy turned around, Tess asked with a bewildered look.
“What are you talking about? Why is it me all of a sudden?” Amy’s face flushed hot.
“That, that… …
Although he had never been stabbed, it was also true that he missed an opportunity to explain himself.
“So, when I first opened the fire world… …
Conscious of Sirone’s gaze, Amy told the whole story as if walking on thin ice.
“Hoo.”
After hearing the explanation, I understood why Nane backed down on her own when confronting Sirone.
“Still, it’s great.”
said Tess.
“It was a battle for the whole world, right? Still choosing Amy.”
Amy objected.
“Because it’s not like that! It was a philosophical problem, so I… …
“are you okay.”
Sirone laughed and said.
“Everyone has a heart. And as long as there is a heart, nothing is absolute. Amy’s mind can also change at any time.”
“That’s true, but I don’t mean to!”
“Yes, I believe. What I want to say is, it’s all the work of the mind. If I had chosen the world over Amy… …
Recalling the confrontation, Sirone confessed honestly.
“Maybe it was me who was broken into fragments.”
It was a situation that no one could guarantee, and Miro looked at the sky with a serious face.
“I’ll be watching from somewhere. To determine if one’s heart is precious enough to be exchanged for the whole world.”
“yes. It won’t take long. The nane I bumped into has almost reached it. Maybe even right now, I can come back as a Buddha.”
If only one mind is clear.
“That’s why simultaneous events are needed. If we don’t unite the hearts of mankind as soon as possible, then we won’t really be able to defeat Nane.”
Garcia said.
“Do you really think it is possible?” “All human beings are different, and the criteria for defining one are also different. To be honest, even I am not sure if I can belong to that integrated mental system.”
Of course, he had a strong sense of duty to mankind, but his generosity was not wide enough to accept all humans.
“I know it’s hard work. But if it wasn’t possible, I wouldn’t be so troubled.”
Dante asked.
“Then is there a way?”
“No, I can’t guarantee anything. The reason we are here is because all the factors of good and evil worked. Even evil affects the world on one axis. If demons had not spread, could the World Alliance have been created in human history?”
“Hmm.”
Garcia decided it made sense.
“It means that times are changing rapidly.”
“yes. The wheel of good and evil is speeding toward the end of the world. You can predict the law, but you cannot analyze the workings of the heart in it. We just do what we can and accept the consequences.”
Armin asked.
“What can we do? No matter what choice you make, if you can’t get results.”
There is one thing I realized after missing Havitz.
Life is such a complex ensemble of factors that nothing goes the way you think.
“I only ask for one thing.” Sirone showed the way.
“Do what your heart tells you to do. What you really want to do, just do it.”
Above the atmosphere surrounded by endless darkness, Nane sat cross-legged and looked down at the planet.
‘I couldn’t beat Sirone.’
Because philanthropy was stronger.
‘But do you know, Messiah of the age? The reason why Buddha’s gong did not exceed Ai…
Maybe it’s because the evil in the world hasn’t been fully born.
‘Of course it is the power of good.’
The labyrinth keeps evil at bay.
‘But until when? If the world becomes more turbid than it is now, even the Buddha will erase his mind.’
Nane’s eyes were filled with sadness as she watched the planet.
‘Personal love that permeates into the world, you will be watching from here. indeed… …
whether we deserve to exist.
Allied officers followed Sirone’s words.
‘What I really want to do.’
You can go see your family, or if you are afraid of dying, you can give up the war.
Sirone said that looking into one’s own mind is the beginning of the Ultima System.
And everyone’s will, which was formed like that, would permeate philanthropy and turn love for good and evil.
“Then, let’s go.” Surprisingly, many of those who gathered under one banner left the battlefield.
Miro said bitterly.
“Human beings are certainly diverse.”
“Ultima is a high-level spirit that recognizes all personalities. That’s right, integration comes next. A person who does not know his own mind cannot understand the minds of others.”
After answering that, Sirone asked.
“Will Mr. Miro stay?”
“Of course you should stay. After all, this is the center of the battlefield. So where are the people left here… …
Of course, Ryan, Nade, Amy, and Tess remained where Sirone was, and among the 12 apostles, the Super Dragon Aitra and the Thunder Dragon Blitz kept their positions.
Armin and Quan left, and Sein assisted Miro.
‘Dante, Lilia, and Eden decided to pursue the remnants of the demons, while Garcia and the allied forces are repairing Basuka’s walls.’
And the best part is.
“Sirone, you are everywhere.”
“yes. It depends on how far the observer’s area is set, but I think the area around Basuka will be covered as a spirit zone without quantum transmission.”
“Hmm, that’s right. Moving through space would be easy. The Ultima system is definitely effective.”
“Hehe, then can’t I just give you one sirone?”
When everyone turned to Tess with puzzled expressions, she continued with a bewildered expression.
“Why, why? That’s funny! Imagine.” The longer the silence, the more anxious it became.
“No, not that kind of imagination! Are you really kidding me? Really!”
It was a joke that could have been made because he was an honest Tess, but being too honest was a problem.
Sirone liked Tess like that.
“Ha ha, yes. I will trust you.”
I finally felt that I had returned to my friends.
“Iruki soon… …
Sirone’s face suddenly hardened.
“What’s wrong, Sirone?”
“… … No, no.”
Sirone regained his smile, but unlike a moment ago, his eyes were calm.
Miro guessed.
‘It’s not the case here’
Perhaps, in a very distant place, a sad situation befell Sirone.
“Big!”
Numerous angels gnashed their teeth against the invincible inertia.
Sirone’s heart in Hand of God was ‘Please fly away.’
Judging from that psychology, the strongest of the Heaven’s army must have been the most powerfully affected by the power of the Hand of God.
‘It’s formidable power.’
Ikael, who passed through the central continent and entered the northern continent before he knew it, looked at the fast-flowing sky.
Sirone, Hexa, Hand of God. Guffin. Ankera’s demise. The position of archangel.
“Chief Angel.”
The three Archangels and Maras, freed from the power of Hexa, gathered around Ikael.
“okay. Report.”
“The army seems Ashur is reconvening. However, Ymir and the giants seem to act independently.”
Uriel asked.
“Should I stop it?”
“No, leave it alone. I will take care of it myself.”
Satiel stepped out.
“Archangel, there is something I want to ask you. Why didn’t you come forward?”
When Ymir first arrived at Baska and opened the door to attack, Ikael did not give an order to attack.
“Have you recovered your memory?”
As Ikael fell silent, Satiel’s question became a little more deadly.
“I still have some feelings. If the job of the archangel… …
As Ikael stopped abruptly with a gong sound, the distant archangels hurriedly returned.
“Sathiel.”
At the cold voice, Satiel’s asteroid shook.
“Yes, Mr. Ikael!”
“Whatever I decide, it is President Cheon’s reason. Are you above me?”
“no. sorry.”
Since the archangel was cold enough to freeze, there won’t be anything to raise this agenda for the time being.
But unfortunately.
“Ichael.”
A smoke of light gathered in front of the angels’ eyes, and Sirone appeared.
“you… …
Satiel’s judicial halo nostalgia spun horribly.
unknown anger.
And the astral body of Ikael, who is still unmoving.
‘what? What on earth do I not know?’
“Sirone.”
Ikael moved slowly.
“Are you here alone?”
“yes. We probably have something to talk about.”
Ikael’s gaze moved as if looking at the rear.
” I am??????
With everyone’s ears open, a cold voice was heard.
“I don’t think I have anything to say to you.”
A sad expression appeared on Sirone’s face.
‘Ikael… …
Many things happened.
Ataraxia was taught in the first heaven, and in the second battle, she even stopped him.
Why is it so cold… … .
‘really… … You’ve got all your memories back.’
Because you are a mother.
There are no more emotions that used to carefully clash hearts with vague expectations.
All that remains is the terrible tragedy clearly imprinted on the celestial bodies, and the gazes of the angels who still doubt themselves.
‘It might be motherhood… …
Despite knowing it, Sirone wanted to speak confidently.
“Ikael, I am not weak anymore. So there is no need to be afraid of anything.”
Ikael’s gaze was clear, but he felt something snap and snap.
It is probably the limit that can be endured.
“I don’t know what you are talking about. As the archangel… …
“It’s not your fault.”
Eventually, Ikael’s starlight, which had become unbearable, shook with tremendous intensity.
“I died… …
Sirone conveyed it to her with all his heart.
“It’s not your mother’s fault.”

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-966.txt
=============YYYYY=============
Simultaneous Incident (2)
Ikael clenched his fists.
Rather than feeling combative, it seemed as if he was desperately holding on to something.
Eventually, an unbearable cry leaked out.
“Huh.”
It will be like a miracle.
A dead child coming back to life and telling her it wasn’t the mother’s fault.
“Ikael.”
Satiel asked coldly.
“What happened? If it is true that the memory was recovered, an explanation for it… …
Uriel stopped talking.
“wait.”
Satiel glared at him with fearful eyes.
“What are you? Did you just tell me’?”
“Whatever memories are lost, they are in the past. Ikael-sama hasn’t chosen anything yet.”
“gibberish.”
Satiel snorted.
“Is it in the past? Ikael cheated on us. He knew everything and pretended not to know.”
“Hey you.”
Sirone said with anger.
“Quiet. I am talking right now.”
It was anger with a reason, but Satiel, who was in the position of being victimized, was absurd.
“Are humans trying to be equal to archangels? Would you like me to kill you right now?”
Ikael said.
“Satiel, Uriel is right. I will judge and I will decide.”
“Big!”
Satiel felt a great sense of contempt rising from the depths of his mind. Guffin and Ikael, Sirone and Ikael. The relation of the latter, the lost former
It is all about endlessly stimulating memories.
‘hate. I hate you so much.’
It seemed more crazy because it wasn’t clear, and finally, Satiel’s reason evaporated.
“shut up.”
Ikael’s eyes twitched.
Swearing at the archangel was one of the few incidents in the history of heaven.
Uriel looked back, but Satiel’s face was already distorted like a monster.
“why? What are you guys?”
It seemed out of context, but Sirone and Ikael understood it correctly.
“How the hell are you guys doing this to me because you’re so handsome?”
The innocence disappeared from the starlight body, and tears of blood instead of light flowed from the eyes.
Three-headed Mara Ionas said.
“Satiel, fix it. You should be reminded of the mechanism of the fallen angels.”
Can angels fall?
Perhaps, if possible, it was when the mind dwelled in the pure mental body.
heart that hurts.
And the heart that torments oneself only comes out when one is prepared.
“What are you ignoring me for?”
Satiel didn’t stop.
Every time Sirone and Ikael agreed, it felt as though their minds would be torn apart.
‘Yes, now I know what it is.’
It’s a vague feeling.
“I was always a bridesmaid! You guys ruined me! Because of you guys!”
This time, Sirone also kept her mouth shut. Because she knew how much she cared for her humans until Guffin and Ikael gave birth to their children.
‘Poor angel.’
But also know.
That she had put an unnamed baby to a terrible death.
‘He killed me.’
Satiel shouted.
“say! what did i do wrong you know! Did you even try to crush the archangel’s authority? or not… …
The words suddenly stopped.
” ah.”
From the fragmented memories, numerous images emerged as if being sucked into a magnet.
Ankera, confidential conversations, death of a child.
‘no.’
My fingertips trembled, and my mind became so hot that my whole body was on fire.
“It can’t be.”
I try to look away, but delusion is impossible in the mind of an angel who is a categorical being.
“This is the reason… … there must have been yes?”
Ikael didn’t answer, and the longer her silence went, the more Satiel went mad.
“no! It’s because you’re bad! Yeah, that’s how it feels. It’s all what you did!”
Ionas shouted.
“Fix it! When the mental body collapses… … !”
“Ah ah ah ah ah!”
Nervously clutching her head, Satiel’s planetary body lost its circular shape.
“Kill!”
Blood-soaked eyes aimed at Sirone.
“I mean kill!”
As soon as the order was given, Ionas, who had disappeared, appeared in front of Sirone.
Extreme Decomposition – Atomic Movement.
“Don’t be resentful.”
The arm of Ionas, who had raised his right fist, disintegrated in atomic units and was fired at the fastest speed in the physical world.
Enemy Zero.
A military term meaning a zone of absolute safety.
It was also a state temporarily created by Sirone’s Hand of God inside Basuka.
“Win! We won!”
It is unknown where the information leaked out, but citizens came out to the streets and cheered.
The demons had been annihilated, and the giants, who were shocked by their size, had also disappeared.
“Long live Tormia! Long live Tormia!”
They were curious about the agape light exploding in the sky, but no one spoke first.
For now, all they could do was scream and run away from the unpleasant truth that the war wasn’t over yet.
“All citizens of Tormia, listen!” A carriage carrying a tall podium crossed the boulevard and stopped in the center of the plaza.
An old man, 17th in the royal family line, stood on the podium holding a loudspeaker.
The citizens did not know him, but they knelt down after seeing the royal clothes embroidered with the symbol of Tormia.
The plaza became quiet, and the stillness spread like a ripple and eventually engulfed every block.
“Dear citizens of Tormia, today the great king of a great country, Adolf XII, passed away.”
Citizens’ eyes were stained with shock.
“Oh, this can’t be…
The old man who sucked their gaze for a moment
opened this mouth
“Remember this only, people. In the face of the menace that invaded Basuka, our royal family did not back down an inch.”
In fact, it was because there was no information about the elemental bomb, and the old man secretly gnashed his teeth.
‘How dare you pass the royalty? Just try to catch whoever is behind it. I won’t let you go.’
He still couldn’t figure out what was going on, but his first priority was to restore the royal authority.
“Adolf XII fought the giants to the end and died bravely.
did.”
“Ah, Your Highness.”
One of the weeping citizens stood up.
“Then, isn’t it possible that the light that defeated the demons was the light that the king gave upon his passing away?”
One of the old man’s eyes was twisted.
‘What nonsense? annoying.’
But no matter how reasonable a person may be, he will find God where his life comes and goes.
“I think so too.” The atmosphere became somber.
“Even at the moment when he died fighting the giant, the king was only concerned about the people. And also, that is the royalty of Tormia.”
“Whoaaaa!”
As the citizens cheered, the old man drove the momentum and shouted loudly.
“The lineage of a great king will never be cut off! I am officially proclaiming, welcome Adolf XIII, the eldest son of Adolf XII, as the new king! let’s fight! We are Tormia! I will never run away!”
“Long live His Majesty King Adolf XIII! Long live Tormia!”
The voices of the citizens shouting hurrah did not stop, and they rode the waves to Allog Street.
Rufist, who was wrestling with documents in the Magic Association’s president’s office, frowned.
“I’m going to die loudly.”
The noise died down when Flew closed the window.
“The royal family moves fast. Actually, it’s just luck. In any case, I think there will be no problem with the succession to the throne.”
“Of course there should be no problem. These guys only know how to eat and do that.”
Someone knocked hard on the door from outside.
“President of the Association! Lupist! are you now? Wait a minute and talk to me! It’s urgent!”
It was the voice of the 7th rank in the direct line of the royal family, and I could roughly guess the reason for visiting this place.
The voice got louder.
“Open the door! did you know The fact that Baschka is going to be a mess sooner or later! How dare you deceive the royal family?”
Flew, who had her hands behind her back, asked, pointing to the door.
“What should I do?”
“Take it away. I don’t have time to wrestle with politicians.”
It was urgent to quickly check the damage situation and reorganize the city’s troops.
Flew opened the door halfway and said.
“sorry. The president of the association is busy with public affairs right now, so I’ll see you later.”
“What is it? Yes, you are the chief secretary. do you know who i am I am the direct line of the royal family… … evil!”
The chief of security came over and twisted the royal arm.
“I will be rude for a moment. Please understand that this is a special case of a wartime situation.”
“it hurts! sick! Ahhh!”
As Fleur watched with a sigh, Sirone walked from the end of the hallway.
“Let go! Okay, so please let go! it hurts!”
Sirone dragged herself along the floor and turned her head to follow the royals passing by.
When I turned my head again, I was already in front of the president’s office.
“Sister, who is that person?”
Flew opened the door wide and smiled.
“A person of no importance. come in.”
As Sirone moved to the president’s office, Lufist stood up and asked.
“Quantum transfer?”
“Space travel. Being too close is uncomfortable. I’m used to Baska anyway.”
Landmarks also varied.
“You said you were looking for me?”
“okay. As you may have seen on the way, the royal family has started their activities. I’m going to try to steal all the credit for this war for a stable succession. Your achievements too.”
“are you okay. I don’t care.”
“Of course it is. However, it is unknown whether the current royal family will properly lead the wartime situation.”
It was quite provocative to come out of the association president’s mouth, so Sirone blinked.
Lufist revealed his true feelings.
“We want to push the pony.”
“Hmm.”
Sirone neither affirmed nor denied, but seemed to be thinking carefully.
“Is there any particular reason?”
“She’s one of the few who figured out the atomic bomb project on her own. She thought she would use this opportunity to stage a coup, but it seems she didn’t.”
Sirone laughed.
“Because he is a wizard.”
“yes. that’s what we need I mean the Ultima System Project. If Pony becomes the king of Tormia, it will be of great help to the unification of mankind.”
It was a truth that could not be disputed.
“Then, how is the current king? Are you lacking in qualifications when you look at it?”
“You deserve it.”
Rufist looked out the window.
“The former King Adolf XII was not a good man. But he was a pragmatic person. Even that lunatic Gaold was accepted as the president of the association.”
That explained everything.
“I had three sons. They all have different personalities, but they are far from practical anyway. That means it’s far from war. It’s foolish to expect character from human beings, but it’s a problem when behavior is revealed on the surface. There could be a commotion.”
Sirone also knew everything about the history before she was born.
‘I’ll have to see for myself though. His personality may have changed as he got older.’
Having made up her mind, Sirone nodded.
“Then I will go.”
“Remember. Concepts like Annie Park and Messiah do not work for them. To catch it early… …
Sirone tapped the inside pocket.
“Yes, I will use this.”
Because no royal family can ignore the Five Stars of the Ivory Tower Integrated Space Management Department.

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-967.txt
=============YYYYY=============
simultaneous events (3)
Adolf XIII and the royal family got out of the underground bunker.
The royal family, whose ceiling had collapsed, was deeply displeased, but there was no time for grumbling.
“What happened? A battle that the king did not know was taking place in the capital. Please call the people involved in this matter right now.”
“However, the priority is to deal with the current situation… …
“Uncle.” Anger flashed in Adolf XIII’s eyes.
“Yes, Your Highness.”
“I am the king. No matter how much wartime, what use is the state if the royal authority is not restored?”
It wasn’t that he was ignorant of the nervousness of the newly crowned king, but that was why it was difficult.
‘Everyone refused.’
The fact that he did not respond to the call even though he sent a high rank was proof that he did not trust Adolf XIII.
said Robbins, younger brother of Adolf XIII, the first in line.
“Your Highness, the people already think of you as a great king. The people follow, the politicians follow, and in the end, the working-level officials of each institution give up.”
“Hmm.”
Anyway, that was a good thing to hear.
“It is also a great opportunity that the army of the temple is stationed in Baska. If we make Tormia the center of the world war, we will be able to receive huge amounts of support from other countries.”
The royals agreed.
“you’re right. In particular, the Southern Continent must be heavily charged. Aren’t we playing the role of a shield?”
Adolf XIII nodded.
“I am of the same opinion. Come to think of it… … They say that an ivory tower person is here.”
“This is Oh Dae-seong and Arian Sirone from the Unified Space Management Department. He is from his own country and is responsible for the fraternity of the times and the great axis of the world war.”
“Heh, what is philanthropy?”
Adolf XIII did not believe in what he could not see.
“Anyway, please treat me with utmost respect. Any amount of money is fine.”
In any case, if it was recognized by the ivory tower, it could be covered by subsidies from other countries.
“All right. But before that, there is one thing that needs to be addressed.”
“solve?”
Robbins narrowed his eyes and said.
“I am Pony, 127th in the direct line.”
“Kuhm.”
The face of Adolf XIII was also wrath.
“Oh Dae-seong and Pony, who are currently here, studied together at magic school. If she captures Sirone first… …
cried the royals, who had terrifying imaginations.
“You must kill! Haven’t you seen it before? The magic was cast without hesitation. Yielding the kingship must have been in order to live immediately. Now that the city is stable, it will definitely play tricks.”
Adolf XIII rested his chin.
“Is there anything I can do about it? It’s difficult to recruit 1-star residents of the Ivory Tower, let alone Odaeseong.”
“I don’t know, even the beauty world will use it.” It was a statement that diminished the authority of the royal family, but it was a different story when the target was a pony.
“Haven’t you had a clue before? She is a woman who went to the world beauty contest to enter the direct line of royalty. This is something she does, knowing that she looks great. She said, “This time, too, she will do whatever it takes.”
Finally, the possibility of overthrowing the kingship became realistic.
“… … can you do it The Magic Society won’t help us, and military command has now passed to the Crusade. If we don’t kill it for sure, we’ll be killed.”
Robbins said.
“I have a solution. It’s about using criminals.”
“It is a prison. But isn’t the concentration camp for class A or higher criminals also managed by the Magic Association?”
“There is a suitable person in the western prison, Inferno.”
I didn’t know that the card I prepared for would be used like this, because someday I might have to kill my father or older brother.
The royal family asked curiously.
“Inferno? No matter how heinous there is, it must be a B-class, right?”
“It is, but… …
Needless to say, I am not imprisoned for committing a crime.
“I can guarantee your skills. He is the son of the world’s greatest hit man, Gunzo Bedium. She also came from the same magic school as Sirone and Pony.”
“If it’s Gunzo Bedium, then the Black Line?” For royalty, it was a name that made their teeth tremble just by hearing it.
‘The son of such a man is imprisoned in Inferno? No, before that, how did Robbins… …
The faces of the royals turned pale for a moment, but soon regained their composure.
‘Well, it’s only natural.’
Anyone in the 10th place in the direct lineage had a chance to become king, and he had one card in his own way.
‘Let’s not complain. For now, it’s first to get rid of the pony.’
No risk was comparable to the crisis that she might enslave Sirone.
Adolf XIII’s expression did not change.
As you know, of course, he was a king.
“good night. Robbins, don’t leave the pony gun up to you. However, it is something that must be dealt with with certainty.”
“yes. Don’t worry, Your Highness.”
Just as Robbins lowered his head, he heard a noise outside the door.
“The Great Star of the Ivory Tower is asking for an audience.”
It was an urgent voice, and the royals were babbling.
‘Is it too fast?’
It was a good opportunity from Tormia’s point of view, but accidents always followed behind good things.
“Serve me.”
As soon as the instructions were given, Robbins exited through the back door and the front door opened.
Adolf XIII personally rose to greet Sirone.
“welcome. The newly appointed king sees the stars of the Ivory Tower.”
Feeling sincere in his actions and tone meant that he was desperate.
“yes. This is Sirone, the Five Great Stars of the Ivory Tower.”
“Sorry for being shabby. As you can see, after a great uproar, there was no panic.”
‘It’s a commotion.’
You probably don’t know how many people have died, but Sirone sat down at the table without expressing himself.
The ladies-in-waiting brought out a high-quality tea that was hurriedly airlifted.
“It is necessary to throw a banquet, but there is no time to prepare… …
“That’s all right.”
I didn’t want to waste time.
“The reason I came is to hear the vision from the new king of Tormia. Because humanity is in a precarious situation right now.”
“of course.”
As if something had come, Adolf XIII immediately corrected his posture.
“The Kingdom of Tormia won an unprecedented victory in the World War today. They annihilated the demons and drove out the giants. This is the result of the people of Tormia and the temple working together.”
Sirone passed for once.
“We will announce this historic moment to the world. With Tormia as the focal point, mankind will be revived again. Star of the Ivory Tower, entrust that role to me.”
‘Adolph the thirteenth.’ His real name is Adolph Thénar, and he is 44 years old.
Sirone knows his whereabouts until the age of 22 through Omega.
‘I’ve been ambitious since I was young, and my average problem-solving method is swift, stealthy, and brutal.’
Adolf XIII hinted.
“Tormia will do everything she can, that is, with all her heart and soul, to help the five great castles.” This could be said to be blatant, but Sirone recalled what Guffin had said.
-Listen to everyone’s story.
“Once I get it.”
Adolf XIII swept his chest.
‘what? I heard that the people in the ivory tower are eccentrics, but aren’t they rather hogu?’
He said, hiding his heart.
“If you need anything, just tell me. Whatever it is, it doesn’t matter.”
“no. I’ve heard the vision, so I’ll go. But where is the pony? It doesn’t look like it’s here.”
The expressions of the royals hardened slightly, and Sirone did not miss the momentary change.
“Can I call you? I have something to tell you personally.”
“Of course you have to. Ponies are truly brave royalty. You’re probably going out and doing your own work. Oh Dae-sung as soon as he returns… … Ugh!”
The moment I looked at Sirone’s face, electricity ran down my spine.
The feeling of being penetrated by the gaze.
‘What is it all of a sudden?’
Regardless of the political world or the social world, the poker face was good, but it was the first time I felt like I was being observed to this extent.
Sirone asked.
“What are you hiding?” Adolf XIII with a perfect smile opened his mouth.
“Hiding it. How could I lie to the stars of the ivory tower?”
Sirone smiled and said.
“I still haven’t fixed it, that habit.”
“yes?”
“When you lie, you put on your signature smile.”
“It is absurd. A smile is what you always do.”
“But in certain situations, I close my eyes once and then open them. Because of the memories imprinted in childhood. Haven’t you ever been beaten hard by your predecessor for telling a lie?”
Amidst the silence in the hall, Adolf 13 years old’s throat was swallowed.
‘How do you know that?’
It is a fact that no one knows except for his father and himself.
‘No, even if my father is alive, will he still remember me?’
It wasn’t such a big deal that even he himself would forget about it, but how could Sirone know?
“I know you went through a lot of training to have that perfect smile. But there’s just one thing she hasn’t practiced. but… …
Sirone pointed at him.
“How many people can feed the prince of Tormia with honey chestnuts?”
The fist of Adolf XIII on his lap trembled.
‘Is Oh Dae-sung of the Integrated Space Management Department a ghost?’
It is not insight or analysis.
‘It’s such a small thing. Even a spirit-type mage will have to wander in my depths for a month to find it.’
It was as if my soul had been stripped naked.
“I will give you one last chance. What are you hiding?”
Adolf bet the game.
“haha. I don’t know what you mean.”
Adolf 13-year-old, who was smiling and sweating, closed his eyes again.
Baska West Prison, Inferno.
Arriving after receiving an urgent telegram, Pony handed the document with the seal of royalty to the manager.
“This way.”
There is no nation under heaven that a king cannot rule, and the king of every country has the power to draw up indulgences.
‘I took on an unpleasant task.’
preparing to leave Baska
An urgent call came from Pony.
The content was to release the criminals from Inferno because they needed to recruit manpower necessary for the restoration of the country.
I was aware of the lack of manpower, so I obediently complied, but I felt skeptical as much as I was disappointed in the power.
“You can go here.”
The darkest underground facility in Building E, the deepest part of Inferno, welcomed her.
It was a place where special criminals were imprisoned, and all of them were vicious people.
‘What talent are you looking for in a place like this?’ Promising that she would return to Al Peas Magic School without any regrets if she took care of this, she walked down the long hallway. A woman’s moans could be heard from the farthest room.
I knew that it was impossible to sleep together, but the man’s breath leaked through the soft woman’s voice.
‘What kind of child is he?’
It is a self-evident fact that he is a prisoner who receives special treatment because he is said to be a talented person.
But her voice, already disgusted, was cold.
“Prisoner number 3824. Assigned to special probation. come out.”
The moaning stopped.
‘Special protection?’
It is one of the five keywords promised by Prince Robbins, and its meaning is… … . Kill the one who came to you.
‘It’s about time.’
The guard’s voice came from the ceiling.
“For 30 seconds, I will release the magic control device in Building E. Those who behave suspiciously while the siren is sounding will be immediately punished according to the king’s order.”
Immediately I heard a siren and felt the power control device go off.
“Brother, who are you outside?”
Pony couldn’t stand it anymore at the tender voice heard in the prison camp.
“Come out, son of a bitch.”
The moment you turn the key given to you by the jailer and open the door.
“Ouch!”
A hand flew out of the darkness and grabbed Pony’s neck.
bang! Pony couldn’t resist until she crashed into the camp wall with a noise.
“Kuh! this child… … !”
The moment he tried to cast the magic, his whole body was filled with electricity.
“Huh uh uh uh!”
“Shh.”
A familiar man with scattered hair brought his face closer and put his index finger to his lips.
Pony’s eyes widened.
“you?”
Electric Monster Licorn.
“what?”
Lichen also raised the corner of his drunken mouth as if he was interested.
“Pony? A long time?”
“You, you son of a bitch! Let go of this!”
The woman waved a lichen without hiding her naked body.
“brother! what is this bitch Could it be that you called another woman besides me? When only I… … omg!”
At the same time as the lichen swung her hand, the woman’s face exploded with a pop.
‘A tremendous electric shock.’
“Well, you were royalty too. What a pity. Be proud of yourself though. It’s proof that you’ve grown to the point of becoming a threat.”
Lichen laughed, exposing rotten teeth.
“die.”
As electricity entangled in the hand that was strangling his neck, Pony’s eyes widened.
‘Is that??????
Behind the lichen, the figure of someone familiar was shining in golden light.
‘Sirone?’

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-968.txt
=============YYYYY=============
simultaneous events (4)
Ionas’s fist, which had been disintegrated into particles, rapidly took shape right in front of Sirone’s nose.
“Kuk!”
When Sirone turned his head, the air was pushed back and a sonic boom exploded in the air.
“Still, you have talent.”
Sirone looked at Ionas.
‘Ionas of extreme decomposition.’
With her pale face and silver hair down to her shoulders, she resembled a human as a whole.
However, the pupilless eyes and double dentition would be terrifying to the average person.
‘Atomic Movement. This is really tricky.’
The ability to decompose one’s own body to the limit and make full use of movements at the atomic level.
The attack derived from it runs at the pinnacle of change that transcends the herbivore of the ever-changing manga.
‘It’s not just fast.’ The reason why you can’t avoid an arrow even if you see it with your eyes is because the reception time of each sense is different.
She could perceive it with her 11 senses, but avoiding the attack was entirely her own ability.
“Shall we start in earnest?”
Ionas, whose body had been disintegrated into atoms, launched an attack from an unpredictable trajectory.
‘Miracle Stream!’
As the smoke of light wrapped around Sirone’s body, a black hole opened as if it had been hit by a shotgun.
pop! pop! pop! pop!
The light spread in fragments, but before I knew it, Sirone had retreated 20 kilometers away.
“Yes, I will run away after all.”
Ionas, who had moved into a particle state, rotated around Sirone with only his face attached.
“I always wondered.”
The motion of approximately 1 kyeong of particles was integrally detected through Ultima.
“I’m so strong, why don’t I feel like I’m the strongest’?”
Sirone discovered a herbivore in the moving pattern of the first sceneries.
‘Left punch.’
The government, which can be called birth, passed by Sirone.
‘It was a hair’s breadth.’
Sirone opened the distance again and fired about 4,200 photon cannons.
“Is this all?”
Ionas’ arm moved at an invisible speed and deflected the photon cannon.
Uriel, who was watching the battle from 20 kilometers away, said.
“He was a strong boy.”
No matter what the standard of strength is, I remember that he was a person who made me think that way.
“And now I’m actually stronger.” Mental capacities are infinite, but humans have physical limitations.
Sensing and avoiding Ionas of extreme decomposition itself was close to a miracle.
“But I guess that’s all there is to it after all.”
Rayel silently agreed.
‘Actually, Uriel’s words are contradictory. Because strong things don’t need anything other than strength.’
The reason why I couldn’t deny it, though, is probably because of the question that popped into my head at some point.
‘Why can’t I, or we, feel that we are the strongest?’ Only Ikael knew the answer.
‘Maclein Guffin.’
All the strongest people in heaven have in common the experience of failing to beat the Guffin.
When the Guffin erasure occurred in such a situation, a transcendental concept that could not be explained in words was created.
‘Even if it’s erased from memory, we’ve already experienced more strength than that… …
Not reaching the feeling of being the best.
‘Sirone.’
Ikael’s eyes were filled with sadness as he looked down at his son who was fighting fiercely.
‘i love you.’
more important than anything in the universe.
‘I don’t deserve to be called a parent, but I can’t lose you again.’
I will never gamble on my children again.
‘Please step back now. Go back and live a happy life. This mother will take care of the affairs of the world no matter what.’
Every time Sirone narrowly avoided Ionas’s attack, Ikael’s heart felt like it would break.
‘I can’t beat Ionas at this level. But it’s not because I lack skills.’
Something beyond strength.
‘only… … It’s because he’s not a guffin.’
Even if the state of mind was equal, Sirone’s body was much weaker than Gaia’s.
‘The strength of a giant, the spirit that transcends the concept of an angel, and the unity of numerous Gaians.’
Because they were a race equipped with all of these things, the world of gods was shaken from the root.
“Ikael, I will give you one last chance.”
satiel said.
“Speak up about the Guffin erasure, and admit your mistakes. Then I will acknowledge your authority.”
Ikael clenched his fists tightly.
‘You mustn’t act on your feelings.’
The position of archangel was absolutely necessary to protect Sirone from all the heavenly armies.
“You know? Ionas is a member of my family, but he surpasses me in terms of combat power. If you follow me, I won’t act dogmatically either. In other words, if you tell me to leave Sirone alone, I will obey.” It was a sweet offer.
If only he could bear the humiliation of having to bow his head to the man who killed his son.
‘doesn’t care.’
Ekael’s eyes lit up.
‘Because I came back alive. If I can protect Sirone, I will prostrate at anyone’s feet.’
In the sight of looking down, Ionas’s fist hit Sirone’s stomach squarely.
“Keugh!”
Even though the kinetic energy was reduced by more than 99.99%, it was a piercing pain in the body.
“I think it’s great.”
Ionas walked through the air as if taking a walk.
“It is a human being who dies just by brushing against it. I’ll applaud you for enduring this far with a body like that.”
Sirone was not happy.
“You are strong. He will be a strong man who can fit within ten fingers in heaven. Therefore, if the only loser is me.”
Ionas raised his fist in front of his eyes.
“It means that you will fight with me, who is one of the top five strong in heaven.”
“haha.”
Even in the midst of pain, laughter broke out.
“… … What’s funny?”
Having experienced all of Omega’s history, Sirone knew the position of Ionas in heaven.
“Honestly, isn’t it dangerous?” Ionas’ eyebrows twitched.
“Ymir and Ashur are at odds, and Yuriel and Ikael are below them.”
flaw……?
Sirone pointed at Ionas.
“I’ll admit, though, that there are times when I go in. sometimes.”
A mere human cannot understand the age-old controversy of heaven, but it was not wrong anyway.
“It’s a joke. Forget it.”
Sirone recovered from the shock.
“It doesn’t make any sense anyway, does it? Because you will never be the strongest.”
“Now I get it..”
In an instant, Ionas flew over Sirone’s head and swung his leg.
With a whimper, the air parted and the sea 600 meters below parted in a huge width.
‘Suddenly?’
It was out of land.
Ionas, who was looking at the surface of the water where his wounds healed in an instant, raised his head.
“You are a typical loser with the mentality. If you crush me with the strongest in front, the bottom you’re standing on might feel a little shallow, but I’ll tell you exactly. You and I are on different levels.”
“I don’t know what the level is. Who is stronger has nothing to do with me. because… …
When Sirone opened her eyes, the Miracle Stream was strongly compressed in both hands.
“I have to win unconditionally.” A flash of light pierced the sky, and the Hand of God came down and bent a finger at Ionas.
A form of aggressive use of the Ultima system.
‘I was hit by that.’
It was such a powerful mental ability that it scattered the entire army of Heaven all over the world.
“How dare you relax against me?” Ionas’s double teeth were terrifyingly exposed.
“I can’t afford it. It’s a responsibility.”
Sirone looked at the sea.
It was the middle of the ocean that moved 800 kilometers west of the Jive Kingdom.
‘I can fight here.’ Of course, there is life here too, but it was strategically important to save humans.
The triangular pyramid of Ionas burned red.
“It is over.”
Extreme Decomposition – Atomic Crash.
Particles compressed into fist-sized spheres spread out in all directions with an explosive glow.
‘I increased the activity of the particles.’
This Onas, who moved to a different dimension of energy, aimed at Sirone’s back and raised the capital.
‘A human anyway.’
If you take out your heart, you cannot live.
‘ huh?’
The Hand of God, drawing a circle with the thumb and middle finger, was completely in front of me before I knew it.
‘damn!’
The remaining distance to Sirone’s back was 0.03 millimeters.
‘late.’
Ionas’s arms disintegrated into particles, and before they knew it, they crossed themselves in a position to block their faces.
At the same time, the Hand of God snapped his fingers.
“Ouch!”
As the shock wave hit all the particles of 1 view, Ionas’s body was plunged into the sea.
Whoops!
Water splashed, and a rough column of water rose from the bubbling surface.
“Kuaaaaa!”
Having broken the sperm whale’s backbone, he climbed up and glared up at the sky with his watery eyes.
“Like an insignificant human… … !”
Ionas, who had stopped talking, saw Sirone raising her hand.
However, the reason why I was speechless was the Hand of God, which was above Shirone.
‘Don’t worry, Ikael.’
As if to project Sirone’s heart, the Hand of God stretched out his five fingers toward the sky.
‘Because they’re definitely connected.’
At the same time, a sphere of light of unpredictable size was born on top of the huge palm.
Ionas, as well as the archangels who were observing from a distance, were at a loss for words.
Sirone looked down at the sea and said.
“Feel it too.”
Hand of God – Photon Cannon.
“This is my responsibility.”
As I swung my arm with all my might, the Hand of God slammed the Photon Cannon straight down.
The moment an astronomical mass hits the sea.
“Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa… …
Ionas’s scream was severed, and the sea evaporated as it exploded in the form of a crown.
Because the scale was so large, the whole process was clear as if time flowed slowly.
Kurleung! Kurleung!
With the steam completely obscuring the view, only a terrifying roar could be heard.
As the Hand of God waved his hand, his vision opened to reveal a huge hole in the sea.
‘ does not exist.’
Ionas was nowhere to be seen.
After a while, the gravitational force pulled the sea water, and a spectacular view of the sea currents being entangled unfolded.
At that point, Satiel cut off the lookout.
“… … disappeared.”
Uriel, Rayel, and Mara with transcendent eyesight were silent for a while.
The power of the Hand of God reminded them of a time they did not want to look back on.
‘Are you saying it’s not over yet?’ There was a certain connection, Sirone seemed to be saying.
Kurleung. Kurleung.
Like a video made for God’s amusement, the sea endlessly brought about amazing changes.
‘Two minutes passed. Is this enough?’ When it became clear that Ionas had disappeared, Sirone turned to the direction she had come from.
And he spoke in a friendly voice to the woman who was still watching him.
“Ichael.”
Although I can’t pick up my heart that was shattered after Guffin disappeared.
“I am not alone.”
I thought that if we can reminisce together, that would also be a beautiful life.
“therefore… …
With a beautiful smile shining in the sunlight, Sirone held out her hand to her from afar.
“Come with me, Mom.”

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-969.txt
=============YYYYY=============
simultaneous events (5)
King Baska.
The Royal Knights squirmed as the royals clutched their heads in terror.
“It’s great…!”
Yahweh’s wrath.
The Miracle Stream of red light was staining the large room red like blood.
“It’s not what I did.”
Adolf XIII, who met Sirone’s eyes, lost strength in his legs and hit his butt.
Sirone’s face wasn’t distorted in the slightest, but it was like seeing a ghost.
“Then who did it?”
“This is my brother Robbins. Trust me. I didn’t know anything until my brother said it.”
Because of his experience of lying and being severely punished, Adolf XIII answered with only the truth.
“Your brother.”
As Sirone knew, Robbins was as cruel and cold as Tenar.
‘It’s rather worse. No matter what, you’re trying to kill a blood relative. And Gunzo Bedium.’
The fact that Lichen’s father is the strongest hit man in the black line has been known since school days.
However, Bedium, who was identified through Omega, was a person who far exceeded Sirone’s expectations.
‘The reputation as the strongest hit man is only a superficially known fact. He traveled all over the world and assassinated two kings alone. His chapter and deputy ministerial ranks amount to 47.’
Even these numbers are nothing more than the history he achieved before Sirone was born.
‘The reason the world hasn’t turned upside down is because the people behind it have never been revealed.’
It was at this point that the saying came to mind that the best assassins were the ones who weren’t famous.
“Where is the prince now?” If Robbins was connected to Bedium, he had to find him as soon as possible.
“I do not know. Really.”
This time, even Adolf XIII did not close his eyes, and Sirone attempted quantum transfer.
‘Failed.’
Quantum transmission has a powerful feature of simultaneous events, but it also has disadvantages.
‘If you know the coordinates of space and time, space movement can always succeed.’
Because the photon signal is cold.
‘But the mind is different. To exist simultaneously in different spaces, the mind of the observer must work. And the mind is unstable and uncertain.’
In order for quantum transfer to be successful, the mind that perceives Sirone must be 100%.
It is not a difficult condition.
If it’s a family, you can easily be sure of Sirone with less than 30% of the information.
‘But those who have a priori information like Robbins can’t materialize me.’
This was the reason why most of the 12 apostles were sent to strategic strategic points in advance.
The royals noticed.
‘What are you thinking?’
He couldn’t figure out why he was still there after hearing about the plan to assassinate Pony.
Sirone muttered with a pitiful look.
“… … stupid child.” Adolf XIII’s shoulders trembled, but Sirone’s eyes looked beyond the ceiling.
“Hoo-wook! Whoop!”
Suppressing the fear of death, the pony looked at the light shining over the lichen’s shoulder.
‘Sirone. Shiro… …
As electricity flowed through his neck, his nerves raced and his limbs fluttered at will.
“Where are you looking? It’s been a long time since I met an alumni, so shouldn’t I say goodbye before I die?”
Unlike the horse, Lichen’s eyes were observing Pony like a person seeing it for the first time.
“I thought she was a decent woman, but Lichen lifted Pony’s neck and pulled out a chain scythe.
“Well, that is life.”
Following the grinding sound of cold metal, the chain scythe plunged into Pony’s brain stem.
“Ouch!”
Right before he could feel the touch, a strong impact hit his back and the lichen flew into the wall.
“who is this?”
Crouching down like an animal, he drew a chain scythe and saw a familiar face in his eyes.
“Oh, sir… …
It was the second most hated face in the world, and the most if you add disgust to it.
“Pony, are you okay?”
Sirone turned away from Lichen’s gaze and approached Pony, raising her upper body.
“Uh, what happened?”
Although her body is still in shock, she regains her senses and puts on an expression of incomprehension.
“Let’s go out at once. Can you stand up?” Sparks exploded in front, and Lichen swung his arm behind Sirone.
Just before the chain scythe stabbed him in the neck, the Miracle Stream completely wrapped around his arm.
“Big!”
No matter how hard I tried, my muscles wouldn’t move, as if I’d forgotten how to apply strength.
Sirone stood up.
“Licorn.”
The lichen’s arm moved on its own and the blade hung deep around his neck.
“Kiyi! Kiyi!”
Lichen let out a snake’s scream and threatened, but Sirone’s expression did not change.
“A long time.”
The sound of the snake suddenly stopped.
“Still unlucky. Am I still wandering around with a nice disease?”
“okay. sorry.”
The days of arguing over whose philosophy is right have already passed, so I brought up the main topic.
“Your father, where is Bedium now?”
Lichen tried to destroy the Miracle Stream, but all efforts were futile.
‘Damn it. Did this happen?’
Even though he was trained by his father, the world’s strongest hit man, the difference in level was too great.
“This is the art of the mind. How much is my interaction with you. If your heart is stronger than now, you will be able to push the Miracle Stream and move.” I didn’t think it was possible.
“Kill.”
Sirone pondered over the true meaning of the words.
“Heuk, I know he’s the one who will save you if you ask him to help you. But I don’t want to, so kill me.”
“Why? Because of shame?”
“no. If I get my life saved by you, I will have to give up something I hate more than dying.”
Lichen tore his mouth.
“You want to know where Gunzo Bedium is? ok let me know That’s what you want.”
In an instant, Sirone’s eyes widened.
“stop!”
As the Miracle Stream broke, a chain scythe passed through, slashing the lichen halfway through its throat.
Blood splattered all over the place, and Pony looked at him with shocked eyes.
“you… …
The staggering lichen opened its bloody mouth.
“Quack. look. Did I win?”
He overcame Sirone’s feelings, but what he got in return was his own death.
“… … stupid child.”
Seeing the sadness in Sirone’s eyes, Lichen shook her head as if she was wrong.
“I am an assassin.”
The lifeless body collapsed with a thump.
Silence ensued, and Sirone, who was savoring Liken’s last words, nodded.
“Bedium will come.”
To get revenge on Sirone for killing her son.
“Even the strategy of breaking the Miracle Stream and using his own life to kill me. Yes, you are also an assassin.”
Although he is the world’s villain, in the end, he persevered through every moment of his life with his convictions and left.
“Evil is strong.”
So, more people needed help.
“Pony, it’s Prince Robbins who hired the assassin. But other royals are also accomplices.”
“I thought it would. I didn’t expect you to act so quickly.”
“Because I came. Because they keep you and me in check And I, Sirone, made a decision.
“I want you to lead Tormia. I need your help to fight evil in the future.”
“My help?”
Sirone explained the principle of quantum transmission and the Ultima System Project.
“Time is running out. If you have a good leader, you can shorten it even more. A leader who brings people together and keeps them focused on one goal.”
“I know what you mean.”
said Pony.
“But I don’t have the qualities of a king. You know, Sirone. A man who is ashamed of lying cannot lead everyone. I can only take responsibility for myself.”
“know. That’s why I came to you.”
A thought flashed through Pony’s mind as she blinked and thought.
“If I become king, I will deny the king.”
The reason why wizards are called children of intellect is that they criticize even the privileges given to them.
“that’s enough.”
Sirone smiled.
Citizens who were doing relief work in Baska’s downtown simultaneously pointed to the sky and shouted.
“wow! What is that?”
A dragon covered in long green scales like grass was flying in the sky.
The figure of a small and cute girl disappeared, and it was the size of a city block.
“Can we do it at this point?”
After choosing the right place, Aethra drew in her breath and prepared to fire her breath.
‘Healing of life.’
The dragon’s breath boasts a powerful ability comparable to that of an angel’s halo of justice.
The special organs inside the body were charged with breath, and the charging time was different for each dragon.
Aetra’s breath had a charging cycle of 100 hours, which was far superior among the 12 apostles.
“Quaaaaaaaa!”
As Aetra opened her huge mouth and roared, a golden gale swept over Basuka.
“Ah, ah… …
As the wounds of those injured by the demons healed, they rose one by one.
Miro and the others were shocked.
‘It’s a tremendous resilience.’
Eitra, who blew her breath all over Basuka, folded her wings and descended to the ground.
People cheered.
“Oh, great dragon! save us! Glory to Tormia!”
After experiencing miracles several times throughout the day, it felt as if Tormia had been chosen by God.
the lady-in-waiting said
“Jeonheu｝, Miss Pony is asking for an audience.”
The eyes of the royals were shocked, and Adolph XIII’s face went pale.
‘Uh, how?’
Sirone was definitely there, and the assassination plan never leaked out.
When Pony came in, all the hypotheses disappeared and only the harsh reality stuck in his mind.
“shit??????
He forgot the king’s body language and spat out curse words, but there was not much time left to wear the crown anyway.
Pony’s gaze passed by the kneeling royals and stunned guards before reaching Sirone.
‘Really.’
Seeing Sirone again immediately after parting ways, it felt like my memory had caused an error.
Sirone looked back at the royal family and said.
“As of this time, Pony will succeed to the throne of Tormia. As the star of the Ivory Tower and the Five Stars of the Unified Space Management Department, it is my judgment that a person who assassinated a blood relative and took advantage of someone else’s credit to ridicule the people cannot be crowned king.”
The royal family had an intuition that it was Sirone who had solved Basuka’s disaster.
” dare… …
As the 44-year wait dissipated like foam, Adolf XIII was seized with anger.
“Pony! you finally me… … ! Whoops!”
At that moment, as the Miracle Stream shocked his heart, the king’s face turned as white as paper.
He sat down with a thump and clutched at his chest, his eyes filled with great fear.
“Huh! Huh!”
Sirone said coldly.
“I don’t want to waste time. Confess your faults to the people and lay down your powers. Then I will treat you as a human being.”
“Heuuuu… Adolf XIII’s face crumpled with tears.
“I’m sorry.”
Even if someone threatened me with a knife to my throat, I wouldn’t have been so afraid.
‘Heart, heart stops… …
Unfamiliar stimuli that were hard to feel once in a lifetime were still alive in my brain.
“Then from now on… …
Just when Sirone was about to speak.
“majesty! Something big happened!”
The door was opened violently, and all the noble officials in the castle came in.
“Giant, giant… … !”
Sirone and Pony looked at each other at the same time.

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-97.txt
=============YYYYY=============
[97] Genius who lost his light (6)
“Master… … .”
Sade did not hesitate to speak. Is Alpheas really the old Alpheas? Humans have hope because they do not know the future. However, there was no hope in Alpheas’ memories. Any happy memories were buried in terrible pain.
Alpheas closed his eyes again. A drop of tear flowed down.
“Master, are you okay?”
“Thank you, Saad.”
Sade let out a sigh of relief at the benevolent tone.
“Are you really okay?”
“Nothing. I’m sorry I said harsh things to you. But that’s who I used to be.”
“no. I’m sorry. I thought Master would be wrong, so I’d rather stay the same… … .”
Alfeas patted Sade’s shoulder.
“It was your decision. Maybe that was good.”
“Master, then… … .”
THAAD became anxious again. Maybe he should have pushed on as he initially thought. It must have been an opportunity for escape that would never come again for Alpheas.
“okay. It’s a memory I never want to recall. but… … .”
Alpheas looked at Erina’s portrait. When I remembered the moment we first met and confessed at the ballroom, a gentle smile came to my lips.
“No matter how painful life is, there are times when we live only to protect one moment.”
“okay.”
THAAD was finally relieved. Alpheas was Alpheas, no different from the old one.
A woman named Erina, who had shaken a person’s entire life, had settled in Alpheas’ heart as a painful but irresistible memory.
“Master, the one who committed this incident is Arcane. Currently, Mr. Etella… … .”
“I had a hunch from the time I got hit. It’s not the time to listen to explanations. Let’s move.”
As Alpheas walked to the door, Sade followed. The first hurdle was passed, but the problem started now. The entire school was under the spell of Arcane.
‘Please don’t be late.’
to infinity(1)
After learning about Alpheas’ past, Sirone and the others were silent for a while. It was such a shocking event and it was a heartbreakingly sad love story.
“That’s what happened to the principal… … .”
A certified 4th class wizard and the principal of a prestigious school. I thought it was a successful life no matter who saw it. However, if you listen to Arcane’s story, Alpheas in his youth was really great. Gold Circle winner who proved the photon theory at the age of ten. In particular, the memory transfer experiment was a progressive idea that the wizarding community had finally begun researching.
“Obviously, Alpheas was a genius. But I was weak. The world would have been different if I had only endured a little. But a little affection ruined everything. I can never forgive Alpheas like that.”
Sirone thought a lot. Arcane was a world-recognized villain, but he was also a wizard. At least in Erina’s experiment, he was just a great helper.
“okay. The principal may have been hypocritical in destroying your data.”
Because Arcane’s murderous spirit had softened, Sirone was able to get a little closer.
“But I would have made the same choice.”
“Does that sound come out even after seeing Alpheas? Well, in your eyes, an official 4th grade might look amazing. However, if you are swayed by your emotions, you cannot rise to the top. Erina’s death is unfortunate, but magic is magic. In that sense, Alpheas was unqualified.”
Sirone shook her head. History will tell you what was right, but Alpheas was not swayed by emotion. At least he thought so.
“If the experiment had been carried out further, there would have been numerous victims. You would have conducted human experiments without hesitation.”
“Don’t deny it. But the sacrifice of the few can save the many. After all, someone is bound to suffer. Isn’t it the duty of intelligence to save more people even at the cost of sacrifice? What would you do if there were parents with mentally retarded children in front of you? Can I still say something pretentious then?”
“you can do it.”
Arcane frowned as if in displeasure. But Sirone wasn’t being stubborn.
“As you said, if 10,000 people can be saved by sacrificing one person, it would be a reasonable choice. Even so, I will not sacrifice that one person.”
“If that happens, ten thousand people will die.”
“It is unavoidable.”
Sirone said with a firm look.
“Ten thousand people could die. However, even if such a situation arises, it is not an area that we as humans can intervene in. He’s arrogant to think he weighs people’s lives. Even if more people are sacrificed, we just have to do what we can. Then the day will come when we can save 10,000 people. What you are trying to do is no different from a dictator trying to stand above humans.”
Arcane realized that Sirone was his antipode. Can’t the few be sacrificed for the many? Some would call this a good thing, but if this actually happened, not many people would accept it. This is because humans are beings who wander in search of things that benefit them in the middle of good and evil. But Sirone was at the far end of the line. The cruel killer and the saint who saved mankind are all post-human. And both were equally persecuted by the public.
‘Your life won’t be smooth either. Even dying here will be a blessing to you.’
Wizards choose between good and evil based on their intellect. To Arcane, who believes that the effectiveness of evil advances humanity, Sirone is a future enemy that must be nipped in the bud.
“We are the kind that can’t get along. I’m sorry, but I have to die.”
Sirone took a step back. It was an Arcane that had clearly felt its power decline until just a moment ago, but now it was exuding the energy of a true great mage.
“Are you surprised, kid? Magic is a subtle thing.”
According to a study by the Magic Association, it is known that the mental fatigue of a wizard casting pure magic is equivalent to that of an ordinary person immersed in one task for 48 minutes.
However, Arcane ignored these arithmetic calculations and instantly increased his strength.
“Let’s finish with this. There will be no pain.”
A shadow rose from Arcane’s body and a black veil covered the sky. People were astonished by its enormous size. It was different in scale from the power of darkness that Canis showed off.
As Arcane raised his right hand, the veil came together in the form of a fist. Sirone was genuinely amazed. Judging by the size of his fists, a fall would blow off half the basin.
‘I can’t stop it. But I can’t avoid it.’
If the power of darkness is quantified, the force exerted by the unit cube (width, length, height 1 cm) is approximately 0.1 N, which is slightly better than that of an ant’s jaw joint. However, if the unit exceeded a billion units, everything on the ground could be wiped out with an enormous force of 1,000 tons.
“Stop being rude, Master.”
All eyes in the basin returned to the cliff. Alpheas stood with his hands behind his back. Then, a ray of light bent with a roar, and Sade landed next to Alfeas.
“Teacher Sade!”
A blush appeared on the faces of Sirone and the others. Just the arrival of Alpheas and Sade made it feel like a thousand troops had been won. Sade looked up at the power of darkness and cast a fire line. Streams of flame shot up in a double helix and converged into a huge ball of fire.
“wow… … .”
I couldn’t even open my eyes as the scenery around me was bleached to white light. However, Arcane offset the light that burned his retinas with the power of dark magic and stared straight ahead.
“Hmm.”
As I spread my palm toward the fire line, the power of darkness floating in the sky moved in the same motion and grabbed a huge fireball.
Chee Hee Hee!
Sirone shuddered. It was the first time something burned with such a huge sound. As the world plunged into darkness again, Sade frowned and converted the Spirit Zone into an offensive type.
“Sheesh! Annoying inspiration… … !”
Alpheas raised his hand to stop it.
“Stop it, Sade.”
“But Master… … .”
“It’s my job. It’s me and Arcane’s business. You want to leave it to me from here on out.”
Alpheas moved slowly. Then Arcane returned the power of darkness that stayed with the fire line turned off in the form of a veil and spread it across the sky.
“You are old, Alpheas. Well, even a wizard of time is just a human being in front of time.”
Alpheas ignored the first greeting in 40 years. At least not yet… … It was not the time for these two foolish, absent-minded old men to put an end to the past. Passing through hundreds of students, looking at the injured Iruki, Nade, and Sirone, he looked back at Etella for the last time. He had bruises on his white skin that must have already come from a collision with Arcane.
“You worked hard, Ethella. It’s because I’m immoral. All I can say is that I’m sorry.”
“no. I’m sorry. We couldn’t save the students.”
Alpheas shook his head. When she came to see her teacher interview, she was puzzled. But to this day, she couldn’t be so proud of her own judgment of hiring her. If it wasn’t for her, she wouldn’t be in the situation where all of her students are safe.
“principal. be careful.”
Sirone said with a worried expression. If it was an arcane whose energy was exhausted, it was considered that Alfeas, a certified 4th grade, was worth a try. However, the current Arcane was arguably in the best condition.
Alpheas smiled as if he already knew.
“Don’t worry. There is no magic that violates the principle of equivalent exchange.”
“But Arcane must have mental power… … .”
“okay. would have recovered But it is also magic.”
“Is it magic?”
“Abyss-type magic controls memories. It was created by Arcane, and it is the magic that Arcane uses best. Is that correct, Master?”
Arcane snorted.
“You don’t seem to have dementia. By the way, the magic you received is a magic called Abyss Nova that is incomparable to that. I’ve experienced the effects myself, so I don’t need to tell you.”
“It was great magic. Thanks to that, it was nice to be able to recall old memories.”
“Don’t be bluffing. Subjects who fled or ran away in fright. I must have been weeping at least in tears.”
“You got it right. But while Master didn’t see you, you’ve become very weak. It’s hard enough to even cast Abyss Memory against children as young as 100 years old.”
Arcane was not angry. When Alfeas is calm, he himself is calm too. The 40-year-old hatred could not be resolved with mere words.
Alpheas turned his head to Sirone as if enjoying the afterglow of the night before the storm.
“Sirone. In order to cast magic, you need a momentary strong concentration. It’s like the average person spends the result of 1 hour of concentration in 1 second. That is why Arcane did this.”
Alpheas tapped his temple with his index finger and said.
“It was cast on his own head. The magic to erase memories.”
“ah… … .”
There was such a way. If you erase the memory of using your brain, the mental fatigue will disappear. Of course, it was inevitable that it would become functionally overloaded, but once in a while, it would be enough to restore mental strength.
Alpheas understood Sirone’s feelings. Viltor Arcane. He was a wizard who endured on the battlefield for 100 years with non-mainstream dark magic. He’s a grudge from the past. He had no choice but to acknowledge his skill no matter what.
“okay. It’s a bold and cool technique. Arcane is a wizard who lives in such a world. So remember you too. The one who doesn’t have a single last resort, he will never be able to disappear combat magic.”
—————————————

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-970.txt
=============YYYYY=============
Existence of Absence (1)
Aetra, who sprayed breath and life healing all over Basuka, landed beside Miro and the others.
“Whoa.”
Returning to the image of a cute girl with braided hair, she wiped away her sweat and smiled.
“Hehe, you should be praised by Messiah-nim.”
The maze has arrived.
“It’s an ultra-fast activation.”
“huh. It increases your vitality by about 200,000 times.”
“200,000… …
When I imagined only the shame, it would be able to heal any wound except death.
“Is the effect good? In addition, because the immune system is strengthened, diseases and poisons can be cured.”
Miro said with sincerity.
“Are you invincible?”
“In a sense. but… …
Aethra’s eyes turned to sadness and turned to the people in the corner of the city.
Among the people who were drunk with the appreciation of victory, there were still those who couldn’t laugh.
Those who lost their families, those who went crazy with fear, those who suffered terrible things from demons.
Although not as much as Taeseong, even Eight felt maternal love for their miserable reality.
“You cannot heal a wounded mind.”
“Wouldn’t it be possible if it was a white dragon?”
A White Dragon Assriker who handles soul information.
“Probably not. Her epitome may make you feel better, but it cannot erase the scars that have been etched on her psyche.”
It was like taking drugs to forget the pain.
“Right.”
Miro changed the topic.
“I heard there is a charging time?”
“In the case of life healing, 100 hours. Among the 12 apostles, I am the longest.”
“100 hours. About four days later?”
Eitra grasped the true meaning of Miro’s question.
“okay. It’s definitely an ambiguous ability to get the timing in battle. Still, he told me to use non-Messica if necessary. Don’t be concerned about efficiency in saving lives.” It was a Sirone-like idea, and Miro agreed.
“But the time period of four days… …
Miro’s head turned quickly, her eyes wide open, and a lightning bolt fell where her gaze stopped.
“Blitz?”
Aethra tilted her head and asked, but Blitz was too nervous to explain.
“come.”
“Coming? what?”
A roar erupted from Basuka’s walls, and Miro’s eyes went cold.
“already?”
The armies of Heaven, which Hand of God had scattered all over the world, had returned.
‘It must have flown at least thousands of kilometers.’
If hexa is the ultimate function of the mind, then perhaps the stronger the person, the farther he flew.
‘Then who arrived the fastest?’
Ironically.
“Ha ha ha ha!”
He was the one who was presumed to be the strongest in the army of heaven.
“come out!”
As Ymir’s voice spread through the air, windows were shattered in every building in downtown Baska.
Miro spat out a double curse and cast a mass teleport with the gathered party.
Arriving at the front of the wall, the allied forces led by Garcia were attacking Ymir in droves.
“Are you kidding me?”
Every time Ymir spun around and jabbed, the Allies’ heads exploded one after another.
“Garcia!”
Even when Garcia heard Miro’s voice, he was only glaring at Ymir.
I was angry.
‘Why?’
The scene where the being who blew away the demon army in one blow exchanged sums with the allied soldiers.
‘Are you mocking me?’
No, it doesn’t feel like that.
Ymir was just enjoying this situation, the current battle purely.
“let’s go! We are the defenders of humanity!” The Allies, who had seen the blood so far, rushed at Ymir in a state of oblivion of fear.
And every time Ymir’s blow, blow, blow was fired honestly, his body exploded without a doubt.
……..
Garcia’s nose wrinkled.
“Aaaaaaa!”
I was angry for no reason, and the size of my anger was greater than meeting my parents’ enemies.
“wait!”
Garcia turned away from Miro’s voice, and Miro quickly followed suit, clicking his tongue.
Next to her was Enox, the representative of the fairies.
“Let’s work together.”
They, too, were aware of the intense sense of incongruity rising in their hearts, albeit vaguely.
‘Hellfire!’
Garcia’s fire magic exploded, and Enox created a wind and dug into it.
Ancient magic using the energy of the wind scratched Ymir, and on top of it, Heavenly Arms Guanse Yin poured out an attack like mad.
A cloud of dust rose and dissipated with a pop as if in an explosion.
‘Isn’t it shocking?’
Ymir, who inflated the air with muscle vibration, was walking over the corpses of the allies.
“Come on.”
At that point, Garcia, Enox, and even Miro stopped walking.
Lian had Ymir in his eyes.
‘I don’t know.’
They had been together for a while before Hand of God blew him away, but it was the first time he had felt this way.
‘I can’t feel anything.’
The talent for counting capabilities is not excellent, but at least it can distinguish the strong from the weak.
However, Ymir felt neither strength, nor weakness, nor fear, nor intent to kill, nor even hostility.
“ah??????
Anger welled up in Ryan’s heart.
‘It was like that.’
Just as you can’t see something very far away, everyone here can’t feel Ymir.
“Hey, what are you doing? Why don’t you hurry up!”
The same thought popped into their heads as they retreated the distance Ymir approached.
‘Why does this exist?’
The reason they were angry was that the very existence of Ymir denied them.
‘Ymir shouldn’t exist. because… …
The moment you acknowledge his existence, all substances except him have no value in existence.
“Pooh!”
Seeing them continue to distance themselves, Ymir looked up at the sky and let out a breath.
“I know what you are afraid of.”
Looking forward again, Ymir’s eyes contained 1% expectations and 99% futility.
“That is, for example. I don’t want to die. I don’t want to perish. I want to continue thinking.”
Ymir’s steps stopped abruptly.
“But it’s because I feel that that desire is also life. I mean, I can’t feel anything.”
Just as humans cannot feel Ymir. This Mir also couldn’t properly sense the universe.
“It was thrilling.”
The most intense memory in Ymir’s mind is the blow from Ogent.
Even now, when I think of that moment, the area where the molar was missing is clearly throbbing.
“You promised me. I will definitely come back.”
Ymir’s gaze moved to the blue-haired swordsman standing at the back of the maze.
“Keep your promises.” Playing Django wasn’t like Lian, but this time I thought about it for a long time.
When he finally moved on, Miro said.
“Do it together. I can’t catch it alone.”
“I know.”
He wasn’t foolish enough to stand up for himself against a strong enemy who couldn’t even feel fear.
“But I cannot back down. There is no other way back. Lian, who had passed all of Ymir, took the lead.
“This is the destination.”
Miro knows.
What courage it would take to reach that distance, just two meters away from Ymir.
“It was thrilling earlier.”
Ymir said.
“But it’s the thrill of meeting Ogent. Now, that won’t be enough to satisfy me.”
“do not worry.”
The straightness was drawn at an invisible speed.
“I will fight until I die.” A horizontal line was drawn across the landscape, and Ymir was at the center where the world was divided into two parts.
Lian’s right elbow ruptured as the impact rushed through the straight sword stuck in his forearm.
“Great!”
Deny’s strength is ignoring inertia.
With the sword resting on Ymir’s arm, Lian twisted his upper body with all his convictions.
“Aaaaaaa!”
As the Distortion of the Law distorted the world, Ymir’s body began to shift.
“Hehehe.”
Ymir, whose shoulders were shivering, pulled out his upper body while wickedly tearing the corner of his mouth.
“It’s ridiculous.”
At the same time, the other forearm rose and struck Lian’s body with terrifying speed.
Lian, who stepped back for a moment, defended with a great straight sword, and his fist struck the blade.
A shockwave exploded.
M | 99
As the brain ceased to recognize time, the criteria for fast and slow completely disappeared.
‘Sleepy.’
Through my half-closed eyelids, I could see thousands of Tess spinning and laughing.
‘I want to sleep… …
I didn’t close my eyes.
‘I want to close my eyes. I’m so tired. Why can’t I lie down? You can’t sleep if you’re standing.’
Ryan waited calmly.
‘I have to go to my hometown. Reina noona doesn’t seem to be in the royal castle. Shall she take Sirone?’
Still, the next moment never came.
‘Bored.’
With nothing more to think about, Lian blindly started counting from 1.
‘… … Two thousand three hundred and twenty-one, two thousand three hundred and twenty-two.’
how much time has passed
‘Aaaaaa! Aaaaaa! Aaaaa!’ Ryan had a hunch.
Perhaps the fact that the state in which time does not flow may last forever.
‘in action! I mean move!’ The brain has forgotten the time.
‘I can’t escape.’
I was afraid of having to experience this moment endlessly.
“Ha ha ha ha ha! Ha ha ha ha ha! Ha ha ha ha ha!” Tess’s many faces
He burst into mad laughter filling the sky.
Tess is in Tess’s mouth, Tess is in Tess’s mouth, Tess is in Tess’s mouth… … .
‘I’m going crazy.’
What holds Rihanna in time?
‘ Obsession.’
Even though the body, mind, and heart have already been destroyed, there is no more power to move.
‘I want to achieve something here.’
The absolute immutable idea was holding Lian in the middle of life and death.
The universe was filled with Tess’s face, ready to explode from her laughter.
‘ah??????
At the height of his madness, Lian finally realized the true meaning of Ogent’s words.
‘I, in order to reach where I want… …
How far can you give up?
Giving up a happy life, giving up the woman you love, giving up your life span, giving up your body.
‘I gave up on being human.’
If you still can’t reach it, there is probably only one option left to you.
Either throw away the obsession, or throw away everything except the obsession.
‘Go ahead!’
When Lian’s eyes entered his mind, time began to accelerate toward the future.
‘That’s right.’
As Ymir’s fist pierced the undestroyed sword, 80% of Lian’s body was ruptured.
‘doesn’t care.’
The moment the thought of only cutting settled in the great sword, Ymir’s eyes were shocked.
‘What is this again?’
Even as Rian’s body flew away like a porridge, the great straight sword was being reaped.
‘What’s left?’
What remains in the place where the body disappears?
‘ Obsession.’
It was a terrifying obsession.
At the moment of realization, Ymir crouched down and clearly saw the vision of someone drawing in the great sword.
‘Ogent.’
All the hair on my head stood on end as a state I could never forget felt through my whole body.
Lian, who had lost his body, gritted his teeth.
‘Cut it!’
Divine transcendence – the day of the divine sword union.
At a speed that far transcended the limits of living things, large straight lines cut through the atmosphere.
If it was a normal sword, the iron would have melted due to the heat of friction before it even went halfway through… … .
‘This is my conviction.’
<Idea> is not destroyed.
The speed at which the impact was running was far too fast for the sound to catch up, and in the moment of stillness, Ymir threw his upper body back with all his might.
‘ what?’
I thought I had definitely avoided it.
However, when I looked back, there were countless large swords pushing through all the spaces.
‘It destroyed my cognition.’
Natasha called it negative beats.
The next moment, the air exploded with a roar.
It was undoubtedly a fallacy.

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-971.txt
=============YYYYY=============
Existence of Absence (2)
An explosion occurred centering on Lian. It was powerful enough to blow the entire radius, but the party behind Lian was unharmed.
Everyone looked at the front as if wondering, and Sirone, who had arrived before he knew it, was casting Hand of God.
I saw Ymir leaning over the palm of the light that blocked the explosion.
“Whoa!”
While the whole area turned to black ash, only Ymir was breathing life.
‘Did I miss it?’
The moment everyone thought so, Mi Le’s chest opened and blood gushed out.
“Hmm.”
Even when he saw his own blood pouring in front of his eyes, his expression did not change.
‘Ymir… … I was cut by the sword.’
Rather, it was Lian’s party that was surprised, and if there was an army of heaven, they would have been shocked.
“Awesome, Lian.”
Sirone, who was looking at Ymir’s condition, had no choice but to sincerely acknowledge Lian.
‘In the history of Omega, Ogent is the only one who has wounded Ymir’s main body.’
Lian’s sword has now reached that point.
“Big!”
Smoke rose from where <Idea> was, and Lian’s body began to take shape.
Ymir watched the scene for a while, then tightened his chest muscles to stop the bleeding.
“It is standard.”
Sirone draws in the Hand of God
said.
“Remember the current power. I can’t shock Ymir at anything other than this.”
Even if you say so… … .
‘I couldn’t even see what and how he swung. It’s not a power that humans can produce.’
Lian’s body regenerated quite slowly, but the shell was not important in the realm of the unification of the divine sword.
“I waited beneath the frozen sea. It was a boring time. I’m not very patient, but I haven’t had much fun coming out.”
It was the years of enduring the blows inflicted by Ogent, chewing and chewing endlessly.
“You said you would come back. He told me so.”
Ymir nodded as he looked down at Lian, who had regained his form perfectly.
“You keep your promise, Ozent.”
The origin of the Ogent family, the pride of inheriting the legacy of the ancestors burned Lian’s heart.
‘but… …
My head was colder than before.
‘Avoided. A blow with the whole body.’
What about Ymir?
He also avoids the attack with all his might.
did it?
Ryan concentrated all his nerves, but he still couldn’t sense Ymir’s presence.
Sirone said.
“Lian, come here.”
Sirone, who had Lian retreat to the side of the party, said while putting the Hand of God in front.
“As you may have already experienced, Ymir’s attack has two types of shock waves. The first is the impact on the photon field.”
is called physical force.
“The second is the shock his body itself gives off while moving. It’s a unique wavelength, and if you get caught up in this shockwave, your mind will be paralyzed. Prepare in advance.”
As Sirone said, I had already experienced it, but I thought it was too much to be honest.
‘Are you saying there are no natural enemies?’
It is said that physics, magic, law, and even eating out are all destroyed with a single blow.
“I know you well.”
Ymir pursed his lips and said.
“It definitely feels familiar. Something that has been passed down since long before Ogent.”
The Hand of God reacted swiftly to Ymir’s movements and twitched his fingers.
“good.”
Sirone, Blitz, Aetra, Lian, Tess, Amy, Nade, Miro, Zulu, Gangnan, Sein, Enox, Garcia.
Then, towards the allied forces beyond, Ymir raised his hands and flicked his fingers.
“Come on.”
They felt it for the first time.
‘I haven’t thought about anything until now.’
What is Ymir’s way of living when he truly decides to kill someone?
“Huh huh r
As Tess clenched her jaws and held back her screams, Ymir’s body snapped.
muscle vibration.
As the shock wave from the body itself paralyzed the mind, hallucinations flickered before my eyes.
“first……
With no one moving, Ymir sprang out into the maze.
“Shall we start with you?”
Miro’s gaze, which was aimed at the front, moved to the side and caught the fist.
Ymir laughed curiously.
“Hoo?” Just the look in her unwavering gaze showed how deep she had reached.
Time is compressed to the limit.
‘All-sky projection.’
Thousand Arms Guanshiyin’s hand hit the left and right sides of Ymir, who was covering his face with both arms.
‘Hey, can I survive this?’ Miro, who was preparing for a deadly blow, saw Ymir flashing through the guard.
‘There is no shock.’
Before the eerie feeling could be conveyed, Ymir took a step forward and extended his fist.
At that time when he couldn’t even react, the Hand of God grabbed Ymir’s body.
“Huh!”
Sirone’s nose wrinkled.
‘I can’t stop this.’
Even with the quantum signal with all his heart, Ymir’s strength could not be completely suppressed.
“Kuaaa!”
While captured by the Hand of God, Ymir’s regime was shot, and Miro twisted his head.
bang! bang bang! bang!
His fists created wind pressure and knocked down the buildings at the back of the maze like dominoes.
“ha. ha.”
Miro let out a heavy breath.
‘I almost died.’
If the Hand of God hadn’t restrained Ymir, his head would have been blown off.
Sirone frowned and said.
“This is the limit.”
The Hand of God was released into light smoke and wrapped around Ymir’s body.
It would definitely have an effect, but I couldn’t even guess how much of an effect it would have.
“Goes!”
At the same time as Lian kicked the ground, the wizards who followed were equipped with magic.
At the stage of the unification of the swords, Lian’s body could not stand it and exploded with a bang.
Lian, who had entered the state of obsession and soul, swung <Idea> at the speed of his mind.
The atmosphere exploded.
In the thick haze, the mages attacked Ymir, relying on the Spirit Zone.
As fire, lightning, wind and cold exploded in one place, the surroundings of Baska’s walls were devastated.
“Whoa.”
Even the fighters were surprised at their own power, but it tickled Ymir.
“Hahaha!”
Garcia, who raised her mental strength to the limit, cast Hellfire from the sky.
Ymir, who strained for a while to cut off the Hand of God, bent his lower body and loaded his fist.
cried Amy.
“danger… …
Before he could finish his words, Ymir’s regime struck the heavens and Hellfire annihilated with a hook.
“Master!”
Garcia, who was on the other side, fell to the ground with her upper body missing.
Literally instant death.
“Aaaaaaa!”
A fire giant burst out of Amy’s body in anger and fired at Ymir.
“Dangerous!”
Sirone followed, and Sain cast Sun Moonlight Wheel to maximize the Hand of God’s restraining power.
“Quack. Kkkkkkkkk.”
Feeling the damage accumulating on his body, Ymir laughed with his shoulders trembling.
“Ha ha ha ha!” At the same time, he kicked off the ground and slammed his fist into Sein’s face.
Thousand-handed Guanshiyin pushed away the three men with his right hand and raised the capital with his left hand to strike down this Mir.
Ymir bent down and said with a tear in his mouth.
“Did you think you would win?”
Because he was polar, because he was omnipotent, because he inherited the lineage of Ogent, because he was a fire world, because he was the world’s strongest magician.
“Did you really think you guys would win?”
Ymir, who avoided the follow-up of the Thousand Arms Guanshi Yin’s attack, twisted his waist and drew his fist.
<Idea> was flying at a frightening speed, but Ymir’s government came first.
‘Posmetry.’
Zulu, who canceled the summoning of the lich, called the space-time bird along with the maze and soared in a flash of light.
Aaaaaang!
A shockwave swept through the front, and the blade of <Idea> reached Ymir’s neck.
‘ what?’
As time slowed down infinitely, Li An’s mind saw the rapidly spinning Ymir.
how fast is that?
Before he could even think about it, Ymir’s fist pierced Lian’s mind.
‘Gagging!’
Lian’s mind went far away, and <Idea> fell to the ground with a metal sound.
Although he couldn’t see it with his eyes, it was clear that Lian’s mind had missed the great sword.
“Lian!”
Just as Tess was about to jump out screaming, Sirone blocked her path.
“No, Tess.”
Even Shirone, who had experienced all of Omega’s history, could not comprehend the situation just before.
‘I attacked the psychic body.’
Ymir brushed off his knees and straightened his upper body.
“It’s nothing.”
And when he clenched his fist, a brilliant golden aura surged through the sky.
“link.”
Sirone realized that there was too little information about Lee Mi Le in the long history.
Ymir laughed incredulously.
“why? Did you know you couldn’t No, I didn’t have to.” Sirone’s gaze went down, but <Idea> still did not move.
may be dead
“Zulu! Zulu!”
When I looked back at Miro’s cry, Zulu had collapsed, spitting regurgitated blood.
“… … Don’t make a fuss.”
Just like the attack on Lian’s mental body, Ymir’s Fist chased space and time.
“Blitz. Eitra.”
Sirone looked back.
“Block it.”
At the same time as the instructions were given, the two apostles spurred the ground at the same time and jumped out.
The reason why he didn’t turn into a dragon is that Ymir can also become gigantic anyway.
“Go ahead.”
As Blitz’s body was wrapped in electricity, it hit Ymir, and Aethra went back.
‘I’m not sure about the Kwonbeop… …
After being hit by Aetra’s elbow, Ymir’s back staggered and bent to the side.
“haha.”
Excluding the mutation that is the sum of 10 billion Gaia, the dragon is the most powerful creature in the universe.
‘Nonsense.’
Aethra smiled bitterly.
The most chilling thing about Ymir is not knowing the limits of his abilities.
‘I keep getting stronger.’
Perhaps it is not producing even one-tenth of its original strength.
‘No, have you ever been to the limit?’
And Ymir raised his gear once again at the point of receiving the dragon’s pincer attack.
“Ha ha ha ha!”
When Blitz’s body flew out of sight, Sirone took out a dagger from her bosom.
“<Law Slaughter>.”
The most dangerous weapon in the world that changes the law and causes murder.
When Yahweh’s wrath was contained, <Dharma Kill> let out a scream while emitting red energy.
‘please! please!’
Sirone took a big step, looked at Ymir, and controlled the sensation in her arms.
‘Get out of space!’
When both Blitz and Aetra flew away, black flashes of light rushed towards Ymir.
Ymir quickly turned his head and grabbed the blade of <Law Flesh> with his huge hand.
There was a thump and the sound of blades breaking.
“What is this toy… … ?”
In the next moment, Ymir’s eyes widened, and the hand that held the <Slayer> shook terribly.
ack uh ”
Sirone clenched his fists.
Except for the atrocities outside the law, there was no existence that could be freed from <the killing of the law>.
‘It took properly.’
You can’t kill Ymir with an incident like getting hit by a carriage or falling a stone from the sky.
Eventually, as the dimension collapsed, the space around Ymir was distorted.
At the same time, the near-infinite law that could kill him began to work beyond time and space.
“You do cute things.”
Contrary to what he said while looking back at Sirone, his expression was as serious as ever.
‘this… … It’s definitely dangerous.’
As if coming from the entire universe, space that had turned black was encroaching on Ymir.

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-972.txt
=============YYYYY=============
Existence of Absence (3)
* ? ?
After Sirone destroyed Ionas, Ikael’s Astral body did not shake any more.
However, it was illuminating the sky with a more brilliant light than anything else in the world.
‘Guffin.’
As if pouring hot and cold water on my chest at the same time, pain and pleasure mixed together.
‘Really, really… …
Ikael saw Sirone.
‘It’s our child.’
The look of the man I loved the most in the world.
Sirone, who was looking down, held out his hand as if he was right in front of him.
“iced coffee.”
That’s when Ikael raises his arm as if to take his hand.
“Be careful.”
Archangels surrounded them.
Uriel, who had supported Ikael knowingly or unknowingly, was now only revealing a quiet hostility.
“Don’t you know? If you go to Sirone here and now, there will be no turning back.”
Yuriel was on the left, Rayel was on the right, and Satiel was guarding Ikael’s rear.
When Ikael’s gaze returned to the front, feeling them by turning his gaze left and right, Maras were blocking the road.
satiel said.
“Give up. Even you can’t stop all of us. And we won’t let things go.”
For a long time, Ikael felt the archangels’ flesh piercing like thorns.
“Whoops.”
One corner of Ikael’s mouth went up.
Uriel, Rayel, and Satiel were unable to react in front of an unfamiliar sense of discomfort.
He could only think of whether an archangel had ever laughed at anyone throughout history.
Ikael asked.
“Can’t stop all of you?” She already said yes.
Ikael turned and looked back at the archangels.
“Answer me. I can’t stop all of you. Did you really mean that?”
I had already said so, but the archangels reviewed their thoughts again as if possessed by something.
Really?
4 We……
Can you subdue Ikael?
“Sirone is my son.”
Because I kept it in my heart for such a long time, I was thrilled just to say it.
‘I’m not afraid.’
Guffin has left, but isn’t his son, who looks so much like him, reaching out to him?
“I have come back for many years, but I will not back down now. If, as the archangel, you would rather stand in my way than order… …
Ikael sighed coldly.
“Don’t expect any more respect from me.”
Satiel opened his judicial halo nostalgia and fired.
“respect? that’s what we have to say you are not an archangel It is like a cancerous mass that fights for humans and betrays the armies of Heaven.”
In front of the clear rules of heaven, Uriel could not reveal his personal likes and dislikes.
‘… … Do I have no choice but to fight?’
The judicial halo Ragnarok unfolded, and Rayel also activated the accelerator.
“You gave up your authority yourself, so don’t blame us.”
“My authority is given only because of my age.”
Ikael let out a laugh.
“It’s something you can’t talk about, worry about, or break.”
The moment the words were finished, the three archangels and the Maras in front charged at the same time.
It was a cosmic momentum, but Ikael’s eyes sank into a rather deep abyss.
She said.
“????
At that moment, countless living beings on the ground saw another sun floating in the sky.
Captivated by the laws of Law Killing, Ymir twisted in agony.
Sirone and the others calmed their rapidly beating hearts and just watched.
I don’t know how to kill Ymir, but the law was trying to create the incident by attracting everything in the universe.
It was not a realm that humans could imagine, and all they could see with their eyes was the sight of the surface of the black space surrounding Ymir occasionally glowing in full-color.
“Great!”
Ymir’s heart began to tighten with the will to kill all living things in the universe.
‘Die, please die.’
The reason why even those who don’t believe in God join hands is because, with an honest heart, they don’t want to fight again.
‘I just need you to disappear.’
Should the universe be sacrificed?
As the black space filled up to her neck and covered her entire body, Ymir glared at Sirone and said,
“In this way, I…
As his mouth was blocked by the space, his voice was blocked, and eventually covered Ymir’s face.
The sight that Sirone and the others can see is probably just a black sphere containing the entire universe.
“Is it over?”
After a while, the black sphere vibrated terribly, predicting destruction.
Cuckoo Cuckoo!
The ground shook up and down as if an earthquake had occurred, and buildings swayed from side to side.
‘doesn’t care. If only I could catch it here.’
At that moment, white cracks began to appear in the black space.
The rift accelerated, and a golden glow erupted fiercely from the hideous fissure.
“Kuaaaaa!”
Ymir spread his limbs and let out a roar, and the black space attached like a shell burned without even a trace.
Even after watching the scene with his own eyes, it took Si Lone a long time before he even uttered the word failure.
‘It can’t be.’
<Law Kill> never dies until the target is killed.
If it cannot be extinguished by a specific event, it is a legal weapon that must take the life of the opponent even by artificially manipulating the situation.
It doesn’t mean that it’s powerful, it’s just that kind of function.
‘However, the fact that he couldn’t kill Ymir…
Those who knew <Slaughter>, as well as those who did not know, intuited one fact.
“There is no way to kill them.” At least in this universe.
I was horrified by the terrifying truth.
“It was a good try.”
Ymir moved on, looking a bit weary.
“I don’t know what it is, but it’s pretty good. but… …
Ymir, who released a shock wave, threw himself at everyone causing delirium.
“It’s not the way I want it.”
“damage!”
The incarnation of Thousand Hands Guanyin made an iron barrier with countless palms.
“Yaaaa!”
As Ymir was raised, Miro’s pupils shook for a moment.
“Whoa!”
Quickly recovering, she exhaled a long breath and waved her arms.
Thousand Hands Guan Yin – Double Thunderbolt.
The moment Ymir was trapped in the joint, a blow of a billion units was pushed in from the limit of time.
“Hehehehe!”
Even in this situation, Ymir, who was smiling, felt terrible.
“Weak.”
Ymir stomped his foot and the ground shuddered.
“Weak!”
At the same time, there was a sharp sound that made your teeth ache, flying on top of the roar of the ground.
“……I”
Perhaps it was instinct.
Ymir, who had been hitting Miro’s face straight, turned his head.
‘ what?’
It was a fist-sized air bullet that flew through the atmosphere.
The moment I moved my other hand to block it, there was a bang and Ymir’s body was pushed.
“Big!”
The bullet in my hand exploded, tearing the shell.
‘ sick.’
The impact pierced the bone and escaped.
The party, who had been staring blankly at Ymir, who had been pushed back dozens of meters, slowly turned their heads.
“cadet??????
A dying sound, someone stepped out of the shadows in the alley.
At first I thought it was a corpse.
He was a man with scattered hair and a skinny face reminiscent of a skeleton.
“Ah, ah?????
It was difficult to even speak and her legs were stiff as if they were stiff, but Kang-nan noticed at a glance.
“Gaold.”
More than just being happy, I can understand how you were able to come this far with a look like that.
didn’t
As he looked around like a lost person, he caught sight of the maze that escaped from the moment right before his death.
For a moment, the black pupils that seemed to have died came alive.
“Don’t cry.”
Gaold said with a hazy expression.
“Smile.”
Sein approached.
“Gaold you… …
As we got closer, it gave off a stench, but the condition was so serious that even that was not a big deal.
Miro said.
“Why did you come?”
When Sirone and the others turned their heads, she had an expressionless expression on her face.
“I’d rather die. What are you going to do by appearing in front of us like that?”
Gangnan’s eyes widened.
“Is that what you want to say now? For whom did you save your life?”
Miro held out his hand as if to stop stepping out.
He would have said the same thing if not to maintain the integrity of the all-round projection.
“go back. Your role is now over.”
“I can’t go back.”
“why?”
Miro gritted his teeth.
“Why are you being so nasty? i said i like it You said I’d be your woman if you wanted to. You are the one who rejected it. And now I hate people like you.”
“……okay.”
“Get out of here! Disappear before my eyes!”
“Okay, maze. therefore… …
Gaold raised his chin and smiled faintly.
“Smile.”
The words were still incomprehensible, but Miro bit her lip while tightening her eyes.
As Gaold moved, Ymir, who had been watching the torn hand, raised his head.
A bone-and-bone human was limping and approaching, but strangely, he didn’t feel weak.
‘It’s the pinnacle of something.’
Ymir had a hunch.
‘If I were infinitely distant from the senses… …
Ymir raised his upper body, revealing that he would live again.
“The existence closest to the senses.”
“What are you talking about?”
Gaold, with one eye half-closed, spoke, and Ymir’s lips went up.
“… … You did well to come.”
Destroy everything and become the dignity of the universe.
“I am the strongest!”
As soon as Ymir threw his heavy body away, Gaold’s face contorted like a demon.
‘Bakum Press.’
With a thump, Ymir stopped charging and his back drastically bowed.
“haha! How is it? but… …
As Ymir trembled and slowly raised his head, Gaold’s nerves started to jump.
“Cheuk, heck, heck!”
But his expression, like Ymir’s, was a wicked grin.
“Are you the king of giants?”
Seeing Gaold’s unique mockery, Sain reached out his hand, realizing that it was unusual.
“no! If you break it here… … !” All humans in the city will die.
“Huh!”
Gaold’s eyes, which did not even pretend to listen, curled up.
‘ pain?’
In the space of the spirit without light, an endless passage of a single road spreads out.
‘What is pain?’
Gaold, standing at the starting point, walked towards the blade extending from the ending point.
The blade pierced the stomach.
‘It’s a pain.’
He did not stop even as he felt the blade continue to cut through his body.
As he advanced, another blade was waiting for him to pierce his shoulder.
‘Go ahead.’
The number of blades increased as the number of blades increased, and the forehead was pierced, the heart was pierced, the thighs were pierced…
Finally, in front of Gaold’s eyes, numerous blades that could pierce the whole body were waiting.
‘It will advance.’
Even though his whole body was in pain as if it were on fire, his legs did not stop.
If we stop here, the pain will lessen, but if that is death… … .
‘Great!’
Gaold charged with all his might.
‘Aaaaaa!’
Even if thousands of blades cut through my body, I don’t know where it ends, even if there is no end.
‘It doesn’t stop.’
Throwing your body towards the pain you see in front of you, that is… … .
“It is my life!”
As Gauld’s mind was completely compressed, the eyes of Sirone and the others shook in shock.
“Crazy… …
At the same time, the air press, whose power could not be measured, pressed down on Ymir’s body.

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-973.txt
=============YYYYY=============
Existence of Absence (4)
Ymir’s face contorted.
More than the weight he felt now, the unit of pressure that continued to mount was terrifying.
‘What is this again?’
The moment Le’s knees were about to stagger under the pressure soaring without knowing the limit.
Whoops!
The ground first caved in about three meters.
“Hmm.”
Contrary to expectations, Gaold’s expression as he glared at Ymir buried in the ground was serious.
‘Did you hold out?’
Only Autumn knew what a three-meter-deep pit meant.
“What, what?”
Sirone and the others looked around.
If the atmospheric pressure was enough to break Ymir’s knees, it would be normal if the city had already been blown away.
“What happened?”
Just as Tess was muttering, a fierce, tearing voice was heard from across the sky.
“You stupid bastard!” As she looked up, Minerva rode her jet and she was rapidly charging toward the ground.
Upon arriving, she approached Gaold and grabbed him by the collar and pulled him.
“it’s crazy? It’s not Taeseong sacrificing just because you’re an installation! And if the city blows up… … !”
When Amanta, Freed, and Thing arrived with Taeseong from behind, she turned her head.
“ha. ha.”
As expected, the eyes of Taeseong, who was breathing heavily, were halfway up.
‘Gaia’s ability.’ She, her star incarnation, had absorbed all of the shock De had inflicted on her planet a moment before.
Realizing the situation, Miro looked at Ymir with a surprised expression.
‘Nevertheless, the ground was crushed O…’
It meant that Taeseong’s condition was not normal.
Sirone approached her.
” are you okay?”
After recovering from the shock, Taeseong smiled.
“Do not worry. A shock of this magnitude does not destroy the star. I don’t have any problem.”
Sirone knew, but it was also true that the pain she suffered was separate from the shock.
Taeseong looked around and asked.
“Lian… … Where are you?”
Sirone couldn’t answer, so she changed the topic after grasping the atmosphere.
“Listen carefully. The reason I came here is to seal Ymir.”
It was a welcome sound to hear, but it was a word that never really touched me.
‘Sealing Ymir?’
It was a creature with strength that could not be completely subdued even with Sirone’s Hand of God.
Taeseong held out his hand.
“Sirone, please give me the key to planet Hexa.”
It was a planet gifted by Taeseong when he became Oh Daesung of the Unified Space Management Department.
“ah??????
When Sirone took out the pendant from her bosom, Taeseong took it and said.
“From now on, I will activate the Law of the Pentagram.”
In the number of the law, 5 symbolizes ‘external force’, and all kinds of summons and seals belong to this category.
In particular, what Taeseong is trying to do now is the Pentagram, which literally uses stars and planets.
“Normal things keep coming.”
Ymir, who had been listening to the conversation in the pit, tightened his fist and the body rose into the air.
Seeing them overcome gravity with only their strength, Sirone and the others put on a tired expression.
Landing on the ground, Ymir asked Taeseong.
“Are you going to seal me?”
“That’s right. Unfortunately, your existence is meaningless to the universe. I don’t know if it doesn’t affect me, but I have no choice but to use this method now that I have taken action.”
Ymir slowly raised his knees.
“okay?”
The next moment, as he slammed the ground with a thump, a tremendous shock settled in Taeseong’s incarnation.
“Huh!”
“Taesung!”
As the Five Stars hurriedly helped, they looked down at the land that Ymir had trampled on.
“Hmm, it’s pretty solid.”
Only the shape of the sole of the foot was stamped at the place where he struck with the determination to collapse the entire area.
“I will admit it to some extent. But can you stop me with just that much?”
It was Ymir who could not find a way to annihilate existence even with the law of <Slaughter>.
“You can.”
Taeseong hung the five pendants on his fingers and put his hands together as if putting his palms together.
“Please stop Ymir for a moment.” Those gathered here were the strongest in the world, but no one could answer.
The only time Ymir had stopped moving was when he didn’t move on his own.
“It’s a fun game. be willing to respond But shouldn’t I also have a sense of purpose?”
Ymir lowered his lower body and said.
“The moment I kill you, the game is over.”
“Stop!”
Sirone and the others moved at the same time.
The Hand of God, the halo of the sun and the moon, and now even the ‘enforcement’ of the Law of Thing worked on Ymir.
Fried was beaten.
‘Taesung is preventing the destruction of the planet.’
It’s truly heartbreaking to see her in pain.
“… … Is this right?”
The swordsman’s fighting spirit against the strongest enemy naturally pushed the corners of his mouth to the left and right.
“Yaaaa!”
Steel magic is engraved on the sword.
‘I’ll cut off my forearm.’
As he swung his body to the limit of his schema, the huge iron ring caused an afterimage.
Although not to the point of apostasy, Ymir also ate the law of redemption as much as he could.
The thrilling taste hit Fried’s brain.
‘It took properly.’
I thought so.
Until the steel enchanted sword shattered with a bang.
“It tickles.”
What Fred sees.
‘ iced coffee.’
It wasn’t Ymir’s fist, it was his son laughing in the tunnel of light.
‘Son, Dad… …
Before he could smile, Ymir’s fist burst into Fried’s face.
“Freed;” As the headless corpse still stood up, Amanta terrifyingly threw the world wheel.
Hey hey hey!
Even while trapped in Gaold’s Bakum press, Ymir twisted his waist and grabbed the world wheel.
“huh?”
With a crunching sound, all of Ymir’s fingers caught in the spokes broke.
‘done!’
balance of the world.
If Ymir had risen infinitely above the average of the universe, he would have blown at least his torso.
“Big!”
With three broken fingers, Ymir gripped the wheel tightly.
The moment the world ring shattered with a bang, Amanta suddenly had this thought.
‘Maybe the world has already… …
It may be tilted so much that it does not allow balance.
“Taha!”
Amanta’s body was torn apart by Ymir’s wind, and everyone could only watch.
“haha.”
Arius laughed dejectedly.
‘If you are strong enough not to sense the universe… … Originally, it shouldn’t exist.’
Sirone’s eyes widened fiercely.
‘Ankera.’
how contradictory
The fact that an entity that promotes the stability of the world created such a ridiculous monster.
‘Unification of 10 Billion Gaians.’
It was a cosmic monopoly on power that most of the user’s authority was contained in one entity.
‘At this rate, everyone will die.’
The reason the damage has been low so far is because all the fighters know their portion.
‘I have no choice but to take an adventure.’
Ataraxia – Hexagonal.
As the mind amplified transcendently, the Hand of God’s ability drew a huge upward curve.
“Keugh!”
Ymir’s movements slowed.
However, as expected, this was the limit with Sirone’s own Ultima system.
“hurry! Even a six-year-old cannot maintain it for long!”
Miro shouted.
“Gaold! Press!” The air press was immediately cast, and once again the giant’s body was buried deep in the ground.
“Now! attack!”
The moment all firepower was focused on Ymir, its power approached the G3 level, the standard for transmission mages.
“These bastards!”
Thousand Arms Guanshiyin’s palm broke like glass and Ymir came out and rushed at Taeseong.
“I will kill you!”
There was no longer any means to stop him, and a huge fist flew into Taeseong’s face.
“I won!”
thud!
Shock swept through the eyes of Sirone and the others who thought everything was over.
“Uh, how?”
Ymir’s fist was shaking in the air without reaching Taeseong.
Tears ran down Tess’ cheeks.
“Lian!”
A human figure was blurry in front of Taeseong, and the tissue of living things began to stick to it.
“Is this a last resort?”
This Mir, who has no interest in the enemies he has already defeated, amplified his strength with a cold attitude.
“huh?”
arm was not extended.
“Big!”
It’s a power that soars without knowing the end, but Ri An’s spirit was also rising to the same level.
‘Divine transcendence.’
If you want to do that, do it.
‘Don’t imagine.’
The moment I think about what I can and cannot do, the world of thinking closes.
‘With the shape of the country completely erased… …
the ultimate state of the body.
‘It’s enough to reach it!’ Divine transcendence-divine transcendence.
When the bandwidth of Idea was expanded, signals were sent out at an unprecedented speed.
Lian’s body was restored in an instant, and twisted while holding onto Ymir’s fist.
“Keugh!”
The twisting of the arm was fleeting, but it was the first time Ymir had succumbed to its power.
‘Now.’
Taeseong opened his arms with his eyes shining.
“The Law of Pentagon.”
The five pendants that turned into light were already handcuffed to Le’s hands, ankles, and neck.
“send.”
Ymir’s limbs opened wide as the distant planets pulled Ymir’s body.
“Kuaaaaa!”
As Ymir, who had veins in his neck, gave strength, his limbs moved toward the center of his body little by little.
“Damn it!”
However, in the end, it could not withstand the weight of the planet on its hands, feet, and neck, and the body unfolded again.
‘I can’t do it.’
If she persisted like this, her face and limbs would be ripped off.
“It won’t take long.”
Squeezing out the last of his strength, Ymir shuddered and looked down at Taeseong.
“wait.”
The moment he finished speaking, Ymir’s body turned into light and disappeared along with the five stars.
Minerva asked.
“What happened? Are you dead?”
“No, unfortunately.”
Taeseong, who had been feeling something for a moment, opened a vision in front of him with a serious face.
“Look for yourself. Ymir is in this condition.”
Miro’s face turned pale.
“oh my god… …
In the middle of the vast universe, this Mir floated in a fixed position at the point of the pentagram.
Tess asked.
“Are those twinkling stars over there?”
“Star.] No.”
Sirone bit his lip.
“It’s Eunha.”
Dozens of galaxies stretched the distance from Ymir’s face to his feet.
“yes. Using the Star Key warps space and transports it to the planet. I thought this could cause Ymir’s limbs to dislocate, maybe even her neck… …
Sirone said.
“So you covered up the distortion of space with your size.”
“yes. It is the result of pouring all his power into gigantism. Of course, the force converges to 0. It will be fine for a while.”
Miro agreed.
“Well, even if you want to send a signal to move a finger, you have to cross the universe.”
Ymir, reflected in the vision, shook his shoulders.
“Quack.”
I couldn’t hear his voice because it was outer space, but I got goosebumps just looking at his eyes as he turned his head.
‘Those eyes are bigger than the galaxy?’ Ymir moved his lips.
“Don’t be overjoyed. Although my strength has weakened, the planets of the pentagram have also become smaller than my cells.”
I could hear it just by the shape of my mouth.
“It must be somewhere. The moment my power is concentrated there, the seal is broken and you are doomed.”
Ymir’s eyes widened.
“Aww! Aaaaaa!”
The sound of the spirit that transmitted power to the whole body spread through the galaxy between the galaxies riding on the body.
continues in the next volume

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-974.txt
=============YYYYY=============
Demonic Hell⑴
While repairing her wounds with a roaring sound, Sirone looked towards the horizon.
Numerous starlights were twinkling at the end of the field of view.
It was starlight only here, but when approaching, it was a gigantic shock pile that could not be measured with the naked eye.
‘Ikael is fighting.’
The reason why angels are strong is because the concept of origin, that is, that their abilities are not accompanied by a purpose.
The Archangel of Destruction just destroys, the Archangel of Birth can create anything.
The limitless scalability of concepts is the strength of the angels, but Sirone, who has now mastered all things, can see their only limit.
‘universe.’
Even Uriel cannot destroy anything that does not exist in the universe, and whatever Kariel creates will eventually become something that exists in the universe.
But Ikael is different.
Amplification has the potential to transcend the universe, and was actually demonstrated by Guffin.
The starlight on the horizon suddenly spread like the Milky Way and at some point disappeared from view.
After a while, Ikael flew towards Sirone, cutting the surface from the distant sea.
The asteroid was weakened and the face was fatigued, but the satisfaction of the one who made the decision was not visible in the eyes.
“ah??????
As Ikael found Sirone and accelerated even further, the sea tens of meters below split into a V shape.
The tears of light drew away from the horizon, and Ikael hugged Sirone without slowing down.
“Ahh!”
At the same speed as a physical attack, Sirone screamed briefly, but the shock was not delivered.
‘It’s a mother.’
Right before crashing into the sea, Ikael stopped, absorbing all inertia with his body.
It felt like Sirone’s sense of reality was filling the empty heart that had been pierced until now, but at that moment, an indescribable guilt tormented her.
“I’m sorry.”
It was Ikael’s first word.
“It’s not your fault.”
The conversation they share is still awkward, but the feelings in their words are sincere.
“no. I already killed you a long time ago, and even after I regained my memory, I ignored it. You don’t deserve to be a parent.”
I think it can’t be helped, but I understand the guilt she must be feeling.
“But I can’t go on like this forever. It’s good to let go of the past.”
Ikael shook his head resolutely.
“There is a heart that cannot be shaken off. Parents have children. Never mind. To see your face without guilt is even more terrifying.”
“great.”
Said Sirone, who was lost in thought.
“Come over here and have a seat.”
Ikael blinked at the unexpected words, but thought that even that could hurt him, so he quietly followed Sirone’s words.
“Can I do this?”
Sirone raised her hand after briefly looking down at Ikael, who bowed her head reverently.
A soft light like smoke flowed through her body and gathered in her hand, shining transparently.
‘This is my first step.’
Many thoughts ran through Sirone’s mind as she placed her palm on Ikael’s celestial body.
‘You are right.’
In a cold world, we can’t undo anything, and we’re just blocking endless pain.
That is why Nane wants all humans to realize the truth and break the chains of suffering.
‘but……
There was a god with a heart.
A ray of light, hope, the Messiah that God sent from outside the world after sacrificing himself.
Hexa.
‘If that’s me.’
I will deny the cold world to the end, embrace everyone’s anger in my heart, and say this.
“Ichael.”
I want to believe that it can be undone.
“I forgive you your sins.”
A great love without condition, reason, or ground permeated Ikael’s luminary body.
“ah??????
Ikael’s shoulders trembled.
It felt like the whole universe was reassuring her that it was okay and that you were safe from it.
‘I am truly a happy angel.’ The ultimate of the heart, the love of absolute fraternity
Because I was able to receive it from not one person, but two people.
“wake up.”
No more guilt remained in Ikael’s heart after the purification was over.
That was his heart, but because of that, Ikael felt sorry for Sirone.
“How could that be? Can you forgive everything for nothing, for no reason?”
“I don’t know.”
Sirone said honestly.
“Maybe it’s because I’m stronger. If so, is it hypocrisy? Maybe it’s just copying what Guffin taught us. But it doesn’t matter. The important thing is that you can do it.”
Unlike the law, the heart can be changed, and the world Sirone sees is such a place.
“As Nane said, reality is painful, and if it didn’t exist from the beginning, there would be no suffering… …
Didn’t they meet like this because they also existed?
“I believe there is still something here that is not enough for the universe to close.”
“is it so.”
Ikael was convinced.
“What do you want to do? I’ll help. I will fight for the world Sirone wants.”
It was her sincerity after the purification was over, so Sirone was no longer in trouble.
“If I were to tell you how right a human being can be, I would like to ask him this.”
Sirone looked up at the sky and said.
“Do you know how huge the human mind can become?” When Iruki arrived at Basuka, the aftermath of the shock had subsided to some extent and he was in a state of maintenance.
“Iruki.”
Sirone came out to meet him.
Seeing Sirone outside the door, whom he had been with in the carriage until an hour ago, made him feel strange.
“How is the atmosphere?”
“A little calmed down. It is neither good nor bad.”
Although the formidable enemy named Ymir was sealed, two of the Five Stars were killed and even Garcia, the commander of the Valkyrie Corps, was lost.
The two talked while walking to Crete, the capital of Tormia.
“What about the Allied damage?”
“It hasn’t been officially counted yet. There will be an announcement from the Army Command sooner or later.”
When Pony arrived at the royal castle, Amy and Nade ran and hugged the rookie.
“Iruki.”
In an atmosphere of mutual comfort, Sirone asked Minerva.
“How is Taeseong?”
“I haven’t woken up yet. of course. Because Gaia concentrated all her power on the five planets. Even if you stop this Mir with that, you’d better not expect any more help from Taeseong.”
A shadow fell over Sirone’s face.
“More than anything else, the Demon Realm is the problem. I’ve found most of the corps commander’s locations, but it’s not an easy task.”
Minerva noticed immediately.
‘Right. Sirone isn’t the only one here.’
Currently, Sirone is struggling in various parts of the world where the 12 Apostles first occupied.
‘What kind of experience are you having?’
He might be fighting the demon corps commander to the death, or he might be wiping away the tears of a child who lost his family.
‘Maybe it’s both’
It was impossible without the circuit of thought becoming something that transcends human beings.
If there is such a thing as a god, wouldn’t that god’s brain have a logical structure similar to Sirone’s?
Seeing Sirone smile, Minerva averted her gaze as if stabbed.
“Anyway, this is the reason Taeseong came to Baska. You can no longer be safe in the Demon Realm. That’s why he wanted to meet Rian in person.”
” me?”
Ryan pointed at himself.
“Yes, you. The remnants of the demons still remain in numbers that cannot be ignored. Besides, the corps commanders who can open the Pandemonium are still alive and well. Perhaps it is because of the countermeasures against it.”
“Hmm.”
Just as Rian was thinking about the countermeasure, Gaold suddenly coughed up blood.
“Ouch! Kuck!”
It was only a handful of blood, but it was a pity that there seemed to be no more blood left to possess.
Minerva, who had been helping him until now, looked back at the maze and shot at him.
“Hey, you take it now. I’m fed up too.”
Miro looked at Gauld, who was coughing continuously while crouching on the floor, then turned around.
“joy.”
And as if he didn’t want to care, he walked to the corner and leaned back, and Kang Nan opened his eyes.
“That’s real!”
Sein put his hand on Gangnan’s shoulder.
“it’s okay. we do.”
As Sain put Gaold’s arm on his shoulder, Gangnan came to the other side and stood up.
“Get some rest. I’ll take you to Zulu’s room.”
Currently, Zulu was also attacked by Ymir and was in a state of life and death.
Gaold did not look up until he left the hall, shuffling his legs to the door.
Miro, who had been following the figure with a cold gaze, spat out nervously as the door closed.
“It’s disgusting, really.”
From the moment she reached the immaculate image of the omniscient projection, Gaold’s pain could not shock her.
‘It’s over now. No matter how obsessed you are with me, only you will suffer.’
I was just angry.
“I’ll go in and rest. Let’s break up today, let’s talk more about it tomorrow.”
Even now, all parts of the world are going back urgently, but no one disagreed.
‘Asmodian War, Assassination of Havitz, Collapse of Flower Garden, Elemental Bomb, Army of Heaven, Seal of Ymir… …
I couldn’t believe that all of this happened in just one day.
‘ I’m tired.’
Everyone’s eyes widened.
In an area 13 miles (21 km) north of Baska, the corpses of Allied soldiers were stirred.
Following the sound of stone chewing, the corpse turned over and Paimon emerged from the ground.
“Turn it off!”
Out of his throat, dirt mixed with mucus spewed out like a fountain, endlessly.
“Haha! Haha!”
Her face as she shook her neck and tried to free her body from the ground was nowhere to be found. Her eyes were gone, her nose was swollen, and her only moving organ was her jaw joint.
“Kaak! Kaak!”
Still, since he was the best longevity of the demons, when he shook his head without stopping, his body began to come out.
Soil flowed down the belly, which had swelled more than 100 times its original size.
“done. it’s okay.”
The moment she was hit directly by Sirone’s agape, she was the one who moved the furthest in the regular eating out van.
The place where he arrived by mobilizing all his momentum was the 120 meters underground.
As soon as it melted into the light, it seemed that it instinctively moved to a space where it could avoid the light.
Actually I don’t remember very well.
“Damn Yahweh!”
If demons also came from the human heart, Sirone’s philanthropy has the power to purify the extreme emotions that characterize demons into the most stable state.
‘Definitely fatal.’
She was left with only a torso, no limbs, and her stomach was about to explode from digging up soil.
“Kwuq! Kww!”
He vomited up dirt several times, but it seemed more convenient to tear the belly skin apart.
“Whoops.”
When he got a little older, Paimon laughed madly at the night sky.
lived anyway
“I won! Yahweh!”
There was a setback in the plan, but sooner or later, the commanders of the corps scattered across each continent will open the Pandemonium.
“We won.”
As her body began to rot, it began to degenerate into a huge hospital.
The disease that started here will flow to the southwest on the wind, eventually infecting the whole world.
“It is Satan.”
She melted away, gauging the moonlight with her thick eyelids.
“Lead the whole world into despair.”
Paimon’s corpse was scattered like smoke and flew to Baska as a shapeless reaper.
The name of the disease is Emotional Disease (or Emotion scale).
It was an unprecedented catastrophe that triggered a terrible tragedy by acting on certain conditions in the brain.

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-975.txt
=============YYYYY=============
Demon World Hell⑵
The moon had risen, but the heat still remained in the place where the four archangels fought.
The largest trace was a huge groove that stretched over 10 kilometers in three different directions.
And from those three directions, Satiel, Uriel, and Rayel walked almost simultaneously.
The three archangels we met in the center were silent for a long time.
It was Yuriel who spoke first.
“… … You left.”
Satiel’s fist flew, and Ray El quickly grabbed her by the wrist.
“Calm down.”
“Let go.”
Satiel said while fixing her eyes on Yuriel.
“I’m serious. You’d better let it go. Otherwise, you will be destroyed by me first.”
Uriel said into the air.
“There’s nothing worse than finding the reason for your defeat in someone else.”
“Look for someone else?”
Shaking off Rayel’s hand, Satiel approached.
“You are not doing your best! Do you know that I don’t know? Do you intend to betray Heaven too?”
Uriel remained silent.
When Satiel held out his hand, the Nostalgia of the Judicial Halo began to spin at a terrifying speed.
“I will disassemble it.”
The moment he was about to launch an attack, Uriel said.
“Is Ikael… …
Her fingers twitched, and Uriel stared straight into Satiel’s eyes.
“Why did you leave us?”
said Leil.
“You must have chosen blood before heaven.”
It was only after he had said it out of his mouth that he realized how bizarre the situation was.
‘I see. This is really strange. Angels, and even the archangel, have human children.’
said Uriel.
“I am not talking sentimental. The fact that Ikael chose Hexa means that he abandoned Heaven of his own will.”
Satiel felt the limits of her patience.
“So what? That’s why you’re so angry right now. What do you want to say?”
“Rather than what I want to say, I never thought I could do that. That an angel could betray Heaven.”
Rael asked.
“So you just sent it? only… … Because you don’t understand?”
“I will fight Ikael.”
Uriel turned around.
“But from now on, it is my fight, not heaven. Only my will will define this war.”
Satiel didn’t understand, but Ray El thought it was a natural result.
‘Uriel… …
Although his actions are heavy and he is clumsy in expressing his opinions, it seems that Ikael always did what he wanted.
‘The one who felt the greatest deprivation might not be Satiel, but Yuriel.’
No, maybe even myself.
‘Uriel has left. The remaining archangels are me and Satiel. If that’s the case, then I…’
To be honest, neither Rayel nor Ikael wanted to choose anything from the moment they left.
‘That kind of existence, Ikael.’
It was the only direction in a world without direction, and the only meaning to an angel who did not know the meaning of existence.
“You go away too.”
Satiel spat.
“I don’t need a conflicting archangel. And you don’t want to be with me anyway, do you?”
Rayel, who was staring at Satiel, turned away without saying anything.
Satiel gnashed his teeth as he watched Rayel disappear into the darkness.
“Are those things angels?”
The asteroid began to turn red again.
“What an archangel! What is the noblest being in the universe! After all, you just envy humans!”
Her twin Mara Gallio reached out.
“Satiel! You must preserve the asteroid… …
“Ichael! Ichael! Ichael!”
Red tears welled up in Satiel’s eyes.
“Why is it always Ikael? What’s different about me! Ikael forgives no matter what he does, so why can’t I!”
Looking back, I wondered if there was anyone in the world who received universal love as much as Ekael.
“From now on, I am the archangel.”
Wiping away tears with her arms, she declared.
“Listen to the entire army! I will punish Ikael for betraying Heaven! I am the noblest angel, and I am the only one who can uphold Anchera’s will!”
Her voice boomed, but all that came back was an empty echo.
“Ikael will annihilate all the humans he loves! I will set the law straight!”
Galio felt miserable as he saw his master burst into a cry close to screaming.
‘No matter how much I shout… … ;;
Her voice couldn’t shake the world like Ikael’s.
After washing herself at the inn, Sirone walked down the hallway to Amy’s room.
It was past midnight, but judging by the presence of people in the doorway, it seemed that other people could not fall asleep easily either.
“Amy.”
Hearing a knock, Amy came out and led me into the room with a smile on her face.
“come in.”
Sirone guessed the deep sadness behind her smile.
“I came because I was worried.”
“are you okay.”
To her, Garcia was both a teacher and a benefactor who made the most of her life.
“I’m sad, but I won’t cry. I promised so much. I don’t want anyone to cry when I die.”
She also seemed to sense that the war was not over yet.
“I met your mother.”
It was broad daylight on the other side of the planet, and incidents were happening all over the world, but this was the only story Sirone could tell with pleasure.
“really? Are you talking about your mother? If so, maybe… …
“Yes, it is Ikael. It’s a bit awkward now, but it’ll get better with time. I will introduce you too.”
Amy was delighted with her work.
“of course. What happened?”
The two sat side by side on the bed and talked about everything they had experienced so far.
Amy was cautious when talking about Nane, but Sirone understood.
“I think it might have been. Because I also came here through Nane’s philosophy.”
“I still feel bad. I was honestly shaken. Not me, but what you suggest. Yudo, who brought up this story, felt like he was committing a crime against you… …
“huh. I did too. I left you and your friends for the sake of humanity. That’s right, Amy.”
Sirone put his hand on Amy’s shoulder.
“What is hard for me is hard for you. That’s the heart, and now you know.”
Ultima might not be that far away, Amy suddenly thought.
“Sirone.”
As moisture seeped into Amy’s voice, Sirone turned to face her.
Her hair, which had been burned by the fire, was short, but it couldn’t change Amy.
The silence lengthened, and the lengthened time seemed to push the two people’s faces from behind.
Just before our lips met, the door slammed open.
“Amy, what are you doing… … what?”
The faces of the two people who dropped their bodies excitedly at Tess’s voice went red even to their ears.
Tess laughed bashfully.
“Sirone was there too. Did I interrupt you?”
“Haha, no.”
While Sirone waved her hand, Amy glared at Tess mischievously.
“You know, what do you ask?”
He probably wasn’t so ignorant that he didn’t know that he was with Sirone.
I watched Amy’s reaction cutely
Tess pointed out the door with a big smile.
“come out. Let’s drink.”
“this time? Are not you tired?”
“All troops, excluding the wounded, will gather at the cafeteria, Nade said. It’s been a while since we’ve gathered, but we should at least say welcome. Because Rian doesn’t know the magic school friends well. Me too.”
“Ah, yes.”
He is friendly with everyone in Sironeya, but among his friends, there were some people who didn’t communicate with each other.
“Okay, let’s go.”
Heading to the restaurant, the noise echoed in the hallway even before we arrived.
“uh? Sirone, Sirone!”
Nade, who had finished two beers, stood up while chewing on meat, and his smile was convex.
“Ooh, are you two coming together? Look, did I say that? I’m sure you’ll be together.”
As Amy’s eyes tightened as she found the ringleader, Nade held her belly button and laughed.
Dorothy brought drinks and food.
“thank you.”
If Sirone hadn’t come, this rookie might not exist in reality by now.
“Thank you. We fought together.” Drinking in a friendly atmosphere
I was upset, and blush bloomed on everyone’s faces.
However, while each of them shared their stories of heroism, Lian sipped his drink alone with a smile on his face.
“nice to meet.”
Iruki spoke to Lian, who was sitting next to him.
“I heard a lot about you from Sirone. Although, of course, I knew it through hundreds of reports. Let’s be friendly.”
When Rian’s beer glass was empty, Iruki held out the bottle and held it out.
While everyone watched happily, Lian politely held the glass with both hands and held it out.
An awkward silence continued for a while, and the rookie stared at Lian as if he hadn’t expected it.
Tess frowned and shook her head.
‘Ugh, that stuffy guy.’
Sirone’s friend.
Since Lian was a friend of the lord, he thought that he couldn’t do anything recklessly.
“Greetings. My name is Lian, the knight of Sirone. I wish you well in the future.”
said Amy.
“Hey, Lian. You don’t have to go that far. They’re all friends, and they’re all about the same age.”
“Sorry if I broke the mood. But I can’t be the first to commit rudeness.”
Sirone gave a friendly smile.
‘I’m still nervous.’
The reason for borrowing the spirit of alcohol to talk about saga is to blow off the stress of battle.
But Ryan is different.
Under the circumstances protecting Sirone, he would never let go of his heart.
Such a friend was dependable and trustworthy, but as expected, Sirone was also cautious about playing when he was playing.
“Yes, Lian. I hope you are comfortable. Anyway, we will fight as a team.”
Only then did Lian take the glass with one hand.
“Good good! Let’s drink until our nose gets crooked today. Let’s toast. Cheers!”
After another round of rounds, the topic of the table shifted to the Ultima system.
Iruki asked.
“What are you going to do? Honestly, the only breakthrough is the Ultima system, but is it really possible?”
to unite the human spirit.
“I have a few alternatives in mind. If Mr. Miro comes tomorrow, I want to discuss it with you.”
Amy was startled.
“Is there an alternative?”
Aside from the solution, the very fact that there is an alternative came as a shock.
“huh. It’s not perfect, of course.”
“for example?”
When Tess, who was blowing on the bottle, asked, Sirone thought for a moment before standing up.
“Then let’s try it here.” While everyone stopped chatting and looked on, Sirone put his hands together and closed his eyes.
The light spread between the palms, and finally became a transparent glow and blazed.
“Miracle Stream? suddenly what… … ?” With her arms wide open, you turned to everyone and said with playful eyes.
“Your sins?????
The light emanating from both palms filled the dining room.
“Sahanora.”
“ah??????
The thrilling time comes, and by the time 10 more minutes have passed since then, at the restaurant
“Uhhhh!”
Nade was pouring out a loud cry.
“sorry. How can love like this exist in the world? I don’t even know… … I will live kindly. Aaaah!”
Iruki shouted as if tired.
“Oh, stop crying! What sins did you commit so many times in your life that your tears won’t stop?”
It’s probably a one-day affair with a brain god.
“This bastard! You cried too! And who was it that weaved at me in the temple? You are the crybaby!”
“… … The words of living a good life are all lies
Guman.”
Sirone agreed.
“Haha, it’s not that easy. However, the light of agape purifies the human heart. Why this is important will be discussed at a formal meeting tomorrow, but it will help build an integrated mental system.”
Dorothy asked.
“But isn’t your opinion too technical? I was so moved and satisfied.”
Sirone smiled.
“Because the situation is the situation. It’s not like I wish it was like this. You must succeed. After tomorrow’s meeting, I will go on a pilgrimage to various parts of the world to spread this light.”
“A pilgrimage?”
Nade’s and Iruki’s eyes lit up at the same time.

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-976.txt
=============YYYYY=============
Pandemonium Hell (3)
“by the way… …
Tess asked drunkenly.
“How is the world situation? I mean simultaneous events. After all, you are somewhere other than here.”
“yes.”
A lot of things were happening all over the world, but that was the end of Sirone’s answer.
Iruki asked.
“Is it medicine that you don’t know?”
“Not necessarily, but… … What would it be like to know? Right now, they needed a break, and bragging about useless things only accumulated fatigue.
said Amy.
“Yes, if you don’t want to talk, we won’t listen. Actually, this is normal.”
Pushing through information they couldn’t process would be nothing more than a simple mental attack.
‘But also… …
Sirone looked out the window in the darkness.
‘It’s definitely a reality that’s happening in this world.’
Havitz’s homeland, the Gustav Empire, was the country with the largest surviving population after Jincheon.
It was natural since it was a country that started a war, but now that Habitz has become more distant from humans, Gustav cannot avoid the attacks of the demons.
“Messiah, over there.”
The sun was still up, but the scenery amidst the snowstorm was as dark as night.
Beyond the snow curtain, only the lights of the castle swayed like ghosts, giving directions.
“Masarba.”
It was a strategic point and a huge city that must be passed through before going to Gustav’s capital.
Si Lorne, wearing a gray coat with a hat, glared at the city while exhaling white breath.
Between the sound of the rough wind, the sounds of battles between humans and demons could be heard.
“let’s go.”
As Sirone moved, the smoke of the Miracle Stream stretched out thin branches in front of her and turned into a giant hand, clearing the blizzard aside.
“Are you sure you’re here?”
The light dragon Phaeton and the black dragon Abyris, who followed behind, looked at each other before answering.
Abiris answered.
“yes. As a result of examining the entire Gustav Empire, we have obtained information that there is Ciri, the commander of the Hell Army’s 6th Corps.”
Her face, resembling a black panther, contrasted with the snow and gave off an eerie force.
“It won’t be particularly difficult to subdue Ciri, but there is no guarantee that you will be able to stop Pandemonium.”
The demon realm was to be opened beyond the photon signal because it was a decision, that is, a function of the mind.
“huh. The odds are half and half. Let’s do our best.”
Peyton said.
“I’m keeping my mind tight. Your brain might burst if you try to keep up with my speed.”
“Heh, being fast isn’t good enough. I found Siri’s information this time too.”
“It was lucky.”
The most important part among the 12 apostles was how helpful they were to the Messiah.
Abiris, who had been choosing his words for a while, couldn’t overcome his annoyance and slapped Phaeton on the shoulder.
It looked like a joke, but the power of the dragon’s power was enough to make your bones tingle.
Phaeton, whose face was flushed, noticed Sirone and slapped Abiris on the thigh.
Abiris immediately counterattacked, and eventually the arms of the two apostles crossed at great speed.
Hearing the sound of breaking bones, Sirone frowned and turned around.
“stop.”
The two apostles knelt at the same time.
“sorry!”
“How many times is this? Just one more fight and I’ll walk alone from now on.”
They hurriedly lowered their heads at the eerie words, but they also felt unfair.
‘Why are you pairing with this guy?’
Not only the 12 apostles, but also the Messiah should have known that the light dragon and the black dragon were natural enemies.
Abyris asked.
“Messiah, it is understandable that you paired us with the harmony of yin and yang. But I don’t fit Phaeton at all.” “It’s not because of the harmony of yin and yang.” Peyton raised her head.
“yes? If so, what kind of deep will does the Messiah have for us both…”
Sirone answered immediately.
“Everyone hates being a pair with you.” In a word, an abandoned combination.
In the eyes of the other apostles, he was both a light dragon and a black dragon, and he had the same personality that he did not want to get entangled with.
‘These children… …
When Phaeton and Abiris recalled the faces of the other apostles and strained their eyes, Sirone smiled.
“Still, I am there.”
More than anything else, Phaeton lowered his head, relieved that Messiah’s anger had been relieved.
“of course. And it’s an excellent choice. Because we will achieve the greatest results.”
“of course. Let’s get rid of everything.” The fierce burning in the eyes of the two apostles was the real reason Sirone had brought them.
As the blizzard entered the city, it turned into small, sharp ice crystals.
“It’s dangerous.”
Contrary to her words, Sirone calmly raised her hand and compressed the smoke from the Miracle Stream.
A flash of light instantly stopped the blizzard, but soon engulfed the space again.
Abyris, with ice clinging to one side of her face, looked around and approached.
“It’s magic.”
“Well, Siri’s Pandemonium is cold. Even though it hasn’t been opened yet, it’s this much power… …
Anyway, the odds of Siri being there are higher.
“Are there any survivors?” I don’t know if they were annihilated by the demons or if they evacuated to the castle in the center of the city, but there were no citizens.
I could see that the windows of every house were broken and the inside of the house was full of snow.
Help me.
Hearing a voice that could not be detected by human hearing, Sirone’s steps stopped abruptly.
Shirone jumped at the sound from the end of the area lined with twenty stone houses on both sides.
All the cold-weather windows were broken and it was dark inside, but a faint light shone from deep inside.
“Huh. uh huh.”
As I entered the house following the sad groans, a woman was holding her child and crying.
“My baby, my baby.”
“What happen?”
As Sirone approached, the woman held out her hand with a distraught look.
“help! The child is not breathing! please please… …
Seeing that her husband was not there, she was terrified and could not escape and seemed to be in an isolated situation.
It was not at all a cold period in which a child could survive, but Sirone reached out with hope.
‘Heart is beating.’
Sensing the vibration through her fingertips, Shirone hurriedly hugged the child and activated the Miracle Stream.
‘If there is life, I can save it.’
As the energy of light permeated the child, a cool smile appeared on the woman’s lips.
The moment the fingertips turned into sharp ice flew towards Shirone, a small magic circle was born in front of Peyton’s eyes.
It flew at the speed of light and kicked the woman in the face, which shattered like pottery and scattered into powder.
Then, from the neck down, it became ice powder and scattered, and a few steps behind it transformed into a woman with the color of opaque ice.
It was Ciri, the commander of the 6th Corps.
“Ho-ho-ho! Too bad! I thought I could feed you properly.”
The moment Phaeton attacked the woman, Abhiris had his arm around Sirone’s neck.
It was a move to protect Sirone’s vitals in case Peyton’s attack failed.
“I knew.”
Sirone stood up, looking down at the snowflakes running through her fingers.
Siri laughed.
“I’m sorry if I offended Yahweh’s pride, but… … I don’t think you knew at all.”
“When I found out my heart was beating, the first thing that came to my mind was that it couldn’t be.”
I wasn’t stupid enough to not know my biological limits.
“The reason I tried to revive him was because the child was dying right in front of the mother’s eyes. If I’m wrong in my judgment, even if it’s one in a million, or even one in a billion… …
So if one life dies.
“The pain is incomparable to the universe.
All right, Siri. You can’t do that. No matter how much you hate me, you shouldn’t cheat like this.”
As the Miracle Stream rose like a flame, the smile that hovered around Sari’s mouth disappeared.
Then even the last bit of life left in her eyes cooled like a city.
“That’s why I hate you. They always use swarms. Do you know how many parents have lost a child simply because of an accident or bad luck? Rather, like Buddha, just say you hate me. Then I will scream in fear.”
“Even if it doesn’t make sense, that’s the heart. Siri, realize love and repent.”
“gibberish. Philanthropy is hypocrisy. I’m sure you’re keeping an eye on when the demon realm will open anyway. Because you have to protect the people you love. Why don’t you try it? Would it be quicker to kill me or open the Pandemonium?”
“There is no priority in philanthropy.”
“Then prove it.”
Siri thumped and knelt down on her knees.
“I know I can’t win a fight with you. So from now on, I will repent of my sins and perish.”
I had already heard the news that Yahweh had pushed Buddha out of Baska.
“But can you really believe me? Maybe I can open the demon realm. Can you watch me until I disappear?” Siri laughed.
“Knock! Look! You can’t! Do you doubt the truth? You will hate me for making such a proposal, right? Let me guess what you’re thinking? What should I do, kill now? Then, when the demon world opens first… …
“Siri.”
Sirone took a step forward and looked down at her with friendly eyes and said.
“good. If you can trust me with that… …
As Phaethon and Abyris gulped, Ciri returned with a serious expression.
“Lord, I am sorry for my sins.” As Ciri’s body shattered into ice crystals, her Pandemonium Ice Age was activated.
When the temperature went down enough to feel it on his skin, Phaeton let out a furious roar.
“How dare you deceive the Messiah!”
Dispersing into powder toward extinction, she glared at Sirone and burst into laughter.
Sirone waited for her as promised at the beginning.
“By this, all beings will realize how stupid Yahweh is! I feel bad for this! I… … I… …
At that moment, Ciri saw herself reflected in Sirone’s eyes and realized.
“I won… … . I… … The fact that hot tears are flowing from your eyes for the first time in your life
O
“why… … why… … ?”
It was only when I looked into your eyes with a poem filled with sadness instead of anger that I finally understood everything.
‘Really? really me… …
The moment I experienced the huge chaos that formed the village turned into something clear.
“iced coffee??????
everything is clear
‘I see.’
maybe it could have been reversed.
“Hey, Yahweh?????
Ciri’s hand reached out urgently, but before that, her body was untied into crystals.
Cirone, who was watching Siri disappear, turned around with the same expression as the first time.
“… … let’s go.”
Watching the lonely weight of the footsteps, Aviris spoke to Phaeton.
“We must remember the events of today.”
“??????okay.”
We must follow the Messiah who fights the greatest battle in the universe alone.
Also, that must have been the last message left to the 12 apostles by the Mudeung Dragon, Kara Torsa.

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-977.txt
=============YYYYY=============
Pandemonium Hell (4)
The Jincheon Empire was one of the countries that suffered the most damage from the demons.
However, as the country boasted the world’s largest population before the war began, there were still 100 million people still alive.
“It is Satan.”
Bassago, with multiple horns that make you sick just by looking at it, descends like hair down your back and looks towards the sky.
He spread his four arms wide.
“Dye the whole world with evil.”
As the Demon Realm opened, cracks began to appear in the muscular body that was petrifying to gray.
The body, which had maintained its shape even with numerous cracks as if glued together, was blown away by the breeze, and the commander of the 3rd Corps of the Army of Hell was annihilated.
Unbelievable changes began to occur in the quiet mountain where there were no humans or even demons.
The blackened grass grew to a height of more than tens of meters and broke the surrounding trees.
The winged insects fled, but for reasons unknown, they also rapidly changed shape and crashed to the ground.
Then the animals screamed, and finally the entire mountain landscape began to transform into a harmony that could not exist in reality.
The energy of chaos that formed Bassago was spreading in the form of radioactivity, causing biological mutations.
“You are late.”
The earth dragon Gaitan looked down at the landscape where the entire mountain came to life like a giant monster.
Sirone said with a sad expression.
“Bassago’s ability is mental radiation. It spreads the mind like a wave and changes the cells of living things. The Pandemonium has opened, so this is just the beginning. Many mutants will enter the human city.”
Even while they were talking, mental radiation rushed in, and sparks flew against the Miracle Stream’s defense walls.
Paired with Gaitan, the White Dragon, Assriker, looked over the city beyond the mountains and said.
“First of all, controlling human access is a priority. It would be good to see what the range of radiation is.”
“okay.”
Without imagining what monsters might be waiting for them, Sirone and the apostles went down the mountain.
“Kuaaa!”
When Gamagin, the commander of the 4th Corps, opened the Devil World, the entire continental plate of the 10 kingdoms in the archipelago began to shake.
“this??????!”
By the time Sirone caught him with the Hand of God, the vitality that was transmitted had already drained away.
“Messiah! Avoid!”
As if they were concocting each other, corps commanders from all over the world were simultaneously opening the Pandemonium.
‘I have no intention of fighting.’
As long as he is determined and focused on opening the demon realm, the only way to stop it is appeasement, but he already knew from his experience in Gustav that it was almost impossible.
An earthquake of clear power of destruction threw all creatures on land with feet upward.
I saw a landslide in the mountains and a tsunami rushing in from the reddish sunset.
‘damn!’
It was an enormous amount of flow that hit 10 kingdoms in the archipelago once and escaped.
As the Hand of God expanded to its greatest extent, it crushed the waves on one side, but tsunamis were pushing in from all directions across the archipelago.
And at the same time, Marbas, the commander of the Fifth Army in the Middle East, opened the Explosive Pandemonium.
“I will burn everything!”
Even though it was just morning, the temperature in the desert soared and the oasis dried up.
People suffering from the heat have already appeared, and weeping cries were heard from the oasis where the water disappeared.
And again, at Baska’s royal castle, Sirone was waiting for the dawn to dawn. At the table, drunk and sleepy friends were snoring or talking in their sleep, and only Rian kept his seat while sipping alcohol in a steady rhythm.
“Looks like things are bad.”
yo. this. . o”
■?
He didn’t want to give more information to his friends than he had been entrusted with, but it was reassuring if it was Rian.
“While we were drinking, a terrible tragedy struck the world. About 1.8 million deaths alone. The 10 kingdoms in the archipelago suffered the most damage. There will probably be an emergency in the morning.”
“… … Right.”
Rian followed the iron rule of not thinking about the sword.
“Sirone, stop resting too. I will take all my friends home.”
“No, do it together.”
Lian lifted the men in layers, and Sirone lifted the women into the air with the Miracle Stream.
The fact that there was no sign of anyone waking up was probably because they were tired, but it meant that it was a place they could trust.
‘That trust is so good.’
Praying that they could rest in peace a little longer, Sirone and Lian left the restaurant.
The next morning’s situation was as Sirone had imagined, and frankly worse than that.
Even though it did not affect the Central Continent, officials muttered the same thing in a state of panic.
“The whole Pandemonium has been opened.”
An emergency meeting was called, and everyone except Taeseong and Zulu, who were still unconscious, gathered at the castle.
The succession ceremony is scheduled to take place in the afternoon, but as the situation is urgent, Pony sits on the throne.
The first thing she did after receiving the king’s power, albeit temporarily, was to look back at Sirone.
“Did you know?”
“huh. Rather than knowing it, I was there. Sorry. I tried, but it was impossible to stop the Demon Realm.”
“Based on the reported time, it was when we were together yesterday! Why don’t you tell me then Pony shut her mouth.
Knowing nothing changed, and Sirone was the only one who could take action.
“And there is a mistake in the report. Not all are open.”
Sirone said.
“The first thing I instructed the 12 apostles was to find the location of the corps commander. Then you can go to simultaneous events. Some were on time, some were not, but there is the only corps commander I couldn’t find.”
“Baal, commander of the 1st corps.”
Sirone nodded at Miro’s words.
“yes. And Baal’s Pandemonium is a deadly cross, or meteorite impact. What makes it different from other demon realms is that once a meteorite collides with it, the planet itself is destroyed.”
Taeseong can no longer protect the planet.
Sein asked.
“How can you be sure that Baal did not open the Pandemonium? Meteor impacts take time. In other words, it could have already opened the demon realm and disappeared, right?”
“There are experts in this field. He is a person who can look into the space realm with the Spirit Zone.”
Amy put on a puzzled expression.
“Sending the Spirit Zone out of space? who?”
Sirone raised her index finger and said.
“Ivory Tower 3-star resident Arnold Lampa.” Lampa was located on an uninhabited island in the middle of the sea, 200 kilometers east of Galliant.
“The Demon Realm is not a phenomenon. It is a system that pre-existed before that.”
There, Sirone talked with Rampa about this Demon Realm, more specifically about Baal.
“For example, it is said to distort the law, but if you look at it that way, it is the same kind as the hidden code of Shiok that Oh Dae-seong said. But it’s much bigger and more complex code. Shall we say that there is a world with its own law within the whole law?”
“yes. Jincheon, the 10 archipelago kingdoms, the Middle East, and Gustav are not the environments I knew before. We have requested cooperation from the World Climate Organization, but we do not know how effective it will be.”
“What I want to say about that is this. I can also use the breakaway spirit zone to attract meteorites from the near universe. It is a magic called Meteor.”
Rampa’s Satellite Chong, who had been listening from a distance, corrected the mistake.
“It would have been possible 30 years ago.”
Rampa clicked his tongue at the words of the disciple who couldn’t understand the atmosphere, but Sirone smiled at him.
“If Meteor brings the meteorite directly, Baal’s Pandemonium is probably the law, the principle that changes the direct path of the meteorite. But even so, we have no choice but to use meteorites in the solar system.”
“How many?”
“There are 7,543 distances that can hit a planet in 30 days. Of these, 1,411 have a mass capable of causing lethal impact. Incidentally, even I cannot move these 1,411 meteorites. It is not meteor level.”
“Perhaps all. When the Pandemonium opens, the meteor’s course will subtly change.”
“yes. I’ve already tried it, and so far there is no special movement. The Pandemonium has not been opened yet.”
“all right. Please keep watching. If you notice anything odd, let me know.”
Lampa and Chong Yi lowered their heads.
Sirone in Baska relayed the conversation he had with Lampa to everyone.
It was fortunate that the Pandemonium hadn’t opened yet, but everyone looked tired.
“1,411?”
Meteor magic, which collides with a single meteorite, can end a city.
“are you okay. I’ll find out more about that. The World Climate Organization will work in conjunction with Pony.”
After listening to this, the friends also realized why Sirone only delivers necessary information.
‘It’s not my major. It’s an unsolvable problem. I won’t be able to do anything if I listen to all of this.’
As if reading Nade’s thoughts, Sirone nodded.
“Now let’s have a meeting where we can. First of all, the succession to the throne. If Pony takes over Tormia, I can effectively convey my voice to each country.”
The official who was listening asked in a voice mixed with concern.
“Which country will listen to us? Due to the invasion of demons, our power has already gone to the bottom.”
“But there are generals of the temple. Only this rookie knows the core technique of the elemental bomb. If we use this strategically, we will gain support from other countries.”
“But that would allow other countries to use elemental bombs. Isn’t this rather dangerous?”
It sounded correct, but the way he spoke was not good given that he was an aide to Adolf XIII.
“The elemental bomb is important in warfare. The light of agape subdues the demons, but it needs the explosive power of an elemental bomb to be as powerful as it was in the sky above Baska. We will make bombs, but we will only use them in an agape way.”
Pony asked this time.
“Can I control it?”
“I have to. Let’s create a task force. Rufist-san will have to manage it. Also, the Nade Group should monopolize the production of bombs. With these two things, you will be able to exert influence over other countries.”
Miro asked while the official was completely silent.
“What about Heaven’s Army?”
“It is still scattered all over the world. They are coming together little by little, but they won’t be able to act very quickly.”
“why? Is it because you are asleep?”
“That’s an important part, but there’s an infighting. The biggest event is that Ikael sided with humans.”
Pony’s eyes widened.
“Really? How did you capture the enemy commander?”
“I didn’t embrace it. She is my biological mother.” Silence fell in the hall.
Amy already knew, but the other friends looked shocked and couldn’t keep their mouth shut.
“An archangel, no, an archangel is your mother?”
As even the officials watched with bated breath, Sirone made eye contact with Amy and smiled.

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-978.txt
=============YYYYY=============
Major premise (1)
It was a shock to everyone, both those who guessed the relationship between Sirone and Ikael, and those who did not.
The question that shakes the very foundations of biology, that angels have human children, did not even arise.
It was only important that Yahweh, who represents humanity, and the head of Heaven’s army were connected by a strong link.
‘Sirone is… … A child of Ikael?’ For the officials close to Adolph XIII, the strengthening of Syrone’s cause was not a good thing.
There is not much time left before the succession ceremony, but they are also the people who came here after experiencing numerous reverse electrodes.
‘There is no giving up until the end. I have at least one card. But if what I said is true… …
Their future was clearly looming.
‘Should I ride the pony line even now? If I do this, I’m really going to be purged.’
The Pandemonium opens on each continent and humanity is in danger of being destroyed, but who cares?
The reason they are here is to protect their own lives, not to save the world.
Sirone, who knew most of human history, was reading their minds as well.
‘it could be.’
As I heard in Guffin’s last message, protecting oneself was not a sin.
Waiting for everyone in the Grand Hall to clear their minds, Sirone spoke again.
“Ikael’s joining will be of great help to mankind, but we cannot survive with that alone. If we classify the world situation with the concept of enemies, now mankind
There are 3 powerful enemies. It’s me, Ymir, Habitz.”
They were strong people who could not present a counterargument.
“Either way is fatal to mankind. In fact, in terms of the depth of the realm, I think I am second to them. But why couldn’t I stop it…”
Miro said.
“Ultima System.”
“yes. It is because the state I have reached is based on my heart. After the succession ceremony, I will go on a pilgrimage around the world and gather the hearts of mankind. I can do kingdom or city scale through Pony, but I plan to go directly to villages and remote areas where the social system has not penetrated.”
“so?”
When I turned my head to where the voice came from, Gaold sat sullenly in the corner.
It was Gangnan who looked after him, and Miro turned away from Gaold as soon as he glanced at him.
“What are you going to do? Are you going to visit each one and beg them to change their minds for the sake of the world?”
Sirone was speechless.
“That would be fine too. But would you know? What is the human heart
hey… …
Kang Nan lit a cigarette in his mouth.
“Cool! Cool!”
Aside from being in front of Pony, who would become the next king, Kang Nan was also halfway giving up.
Gauld, who had been coughing hard, continued by inhaling a long cigarette again.
“Humans will never eat strawberries if they want to eat apples. Even if you just want to eat it. In the end, it is the heart that can’t even turn around the trivial question of which fruit to eat. If you threaten with a knife, of course you will eat strawberries, but that is far from your heart. To change his mind is to change himself. In other words, he becomes a completely different, new human being.”
The heat of the officials hurriedly dissipated as Spark threw a living cigarette butt.
“There is only one way a human who wants to eat an apple can change his mind to eat a strawberry. Do you know what that is?”
Gaold spread two fingers.
“I’ll give you both.”
Sirone was still silent, but answered with a look as deep as Gaold’s.
“If told to eat both apples and strawberries, humans would happily eat strawberries. that’s the heart They are uncontrollable monsters that want to devour them all. The only thing that can be done is to confine even the extreme maze inside the cage. Harvits completely freed him. Perhaps only I can kill that monster.”
Cutting out the heart perfectly.
“But you want to tame it? I have no intention of pouring cold water on it, but I assure you, that is absolutely impossible. Not everyone can be you.”
Gaold’s analysis, despite his apparent depravity, was still sharp.
Mir also admitted.
‘Still, it’s not completely gone.’
Well, in a way, Gaold’s life may be the reality of the monster I just talked about.
‘You can’t lock it up, you can’t release it. It cannot be tamed nor killed.’
The name of that life would be Miro, but she didn’t want to think about it that far.
“Mr. Gaold is right.”
Now, everyone’s eyes turned back to Sirone, and Sirone accepted it meekly.
“I talked about it in front of my friends yesterday, but it’s a matter of technical thinking. I don’t think we can reach Ultima in time using normal methods.”
“then?”
As Miro spoke, a knock was heard.
The big door opened, and Blitz and Aitra, who had left for somewhere last night, entered.
“Messiah, I have brought you.”
Following the apostle were Luver and Mongah, familiar to some people.
Louver greeted with a benevolent smile.
“I have been called by Oh Dae-seong.” While the people who had experienced Drimo were making faces of surprise, Miro suddenly realized.
“No way, Sirone you… …
There was such a way.
“yes. Mr. Louver is a dream keeper and manages Dremo’s territory. That is to say, he is connected to the spirit of humanity all over the world.”
Through Omega, Sirone also realized what kind of existence Louver was.
He wasn’t as top-level as Taeseong or Argones, but he was definitely an administrator in charge of a part of the system.
“The plan is this. With the approval of Mr. Louver, the manager of Dremo, the Ultima System is installed in the psychology of all human beings. It is implanted directly into the mind.”
“uh… …
A few people tried to speak up, but my mind was still unorganized.
When I finally understood what it meant, Amy opened her mouth with an expression full of joy.
“That way… … Miro intervened.
“It’s a contradiction.”
It was a problem that only she, who had no blind spots in thinking, could grasp.
“The method itself is good. But it doesn’t include a major premise. That there really should be an Ultima system. It should be at least conceptually complete. But if that was the case, I would have already solved it with education, training, or mental resonance. The reason you can’t do that is because it’s the realm of the senses. It’s easy to explain what intimacy is, but who knows what it feels like? I can’t even guess.”
“That is why the pilgrimage is necessary.” Sirone explained.
“This world consists of the exchange of photons and quantum signals. In other words, half of it is the background, and a being with a heart fills it with something to make the world. That means that all events exist with probability, and any impossible thing can happen.”
Sirone raised her index finger and asked.
“Then why don’t quantum phenomena occur?”
Everyone listened.
“Why doesn’t it suddenly fall through the floor and onto the first floor, go to the wrong place along the way, or turn into a grotesque monster?”
Miro said.
“Because that doesn’t happen. Because it’s definitely never happened before. It’s contradictory, but you want to say that the contradiction is the truth, right?”
“yes. If this world is only made up of hearts, anything you want is possible. It’s jumbled and messed up, but it’s logical in itself. But basically it’s a photon signal. That signal creates a prejudice, possibly reducing the tenuous probability of that happening to zero.”
Sirone looked at the people.
“Assuming a world of electricity, the combination of photons and protons seems surprisingly efficient. The background is laid out, and users define it themselves. The photon signal acts like a kind of consensus mechanism. There is no need for special coordination because everyone’s justice is combined to become the world.”
The world is built at the speed of light.
“Those who used this world long ago realized the truth and developed and used the signal to the limit.”
And finally, one of them denies the cold world and goes against cowardice.
“Not everyone reached Ultima from the start. Just a small incident, that one incident can change everything.”
“Limits of Cognition. Are you talking about the realm of faith?”
Sirone nodded at Sain’s words and made a small ball out of materials.
“In the world of light quanta, all truths are obtained inductively. For example, this ball can’t go through a wall, not because it’s true, but because it’s never happened before. however… …
After catching the ball in the palm of her hand, Sirone turned around and threw the ball at the window.
“One day.”
The ball flew straight through the window and flew outside.
“When that inductive logic is broken.” As everyone stared blankly with their mouths open, Shirone turned his head away.
“Human cognition is going beyond its limits, allowing it to enter new realms. In other words, the probability that had been squashed down to 0 percent skyrocketed.”
Because half of the world is made up of the mind.
“It is often said that they believe in God. But even a priest cannot be perfect. Not to disparage them, but you can’t believe something that no entity can perceive. This is why Eden’s defenses cannot be perfect. However, if a god really descends into this world, or if even a minor miracle similar to it happens, perhaps the whole world will believe in a god.” Syrone sorted it out.
“This is why I want to purify people’s hearts through pilgrimage. Because a quantum signal is a concept like multiple users using the same bandwidth, it is less effective if mutual sincerity is not intertwined. If I passed the gong a moment ago, but the person who uses the mind skill strongly rejected it, the two phenomena would have collided.”
Sein said.
“But there is no one like that. Because no one has expanded their cognition as well as you.”
“yes. Because you can’t even imagine that it’s possible. But if you’ve already seen it with your own eyes, you don’t know.”
Miro said.
“I know you can’t do that. It’s not a skill that can be imitated to the extent of seeing it with the naked eye. That’s why you’re trying to plant the Ultima system yourself.”
So, while Sirone’s words were only about possibilities, he didn’t even consider the maze anymore.
If it’s not impossible, it’s because it’s the current situation of mankind that you have to do something.
“Okay, I understand what you mean. But there’s a second problem. Even if we move the Ultima system to the depths, what about the aftermath? Actually, you too realized Ultima in heaven. If you get only the 11th sense without going through anything from the 6th to the 10th, you won’t be able to integrate it. Even if I tried to understand all the signals, it would only lead to social chaos.”
Arius, who was lying on the floor with his chin propped up, added.
“It is a question of whether people will accept it. In the case of Sirone, Ikael implanted Ataraxia. But he must have been on the verge of destroying his mind at the time. Can ordinary people who are not even Unlockers bear such a shock?”
Come to think of it, his nickname was Grave Robber.

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-979.txt
=============YYYYY=============
premise (2)
Miro, who maintained a critical attitude, could not hide his disappointment when he heard Arius’ words.
“How could there be no way?”
“The human mind is exclusive, and it loathes the concept of forced penetration. That’s why divers use familiar concepts as keywords and endlessly detour. Even so, you can’t avoid the egoist. After all, it is impossible for another person to know the mind of another person perfectly. Robbery is rather irrelevant. Because oblivion is a natural flow for humans. But to engrave something on the mother’s mind is just the same as what Ikael did to Sirone. You’ll go crazy, and you could die of shock. Normally, I dive like it doesn’t matter, but this time it’s different.”
“Then why can’t we talk about it from the beginning? Even if Agape expands the limits of cognition and Ultima is transplanted through Dremo, it is only if the person concerned does not accept it.”
“I have something in mind about that.”
Sirone said.
“If you feel reluctant to accept someone else’s concept, make it a given.”
Most couldn’t understand, but Ariusman had a serious expression on his face.
“Hmm.”
It was a judgment that made sense.
“You mean you lower the threshold by repeating the experience.”
Sirone nodded, and Miro looked down at Arius and spat out fiercely.
“Explain.”
“yes.”
Arius, who straightened his upper body, straightened his posture for the first time and began to explain.
“Humans are creatures of adaptation. The more you repeat the same experience, the more you take it for granted. For example, no matter how delicious food you eat every day, you get tired of it. Of course, the reverse is also true.”
Arius raised the index fingers of both hands.
“Let’s call Mr. Sirone’s Ultima system Keith. And it is assumed that the target to be transplanted is a person who has never been kissed since birth. In that case, when the concept of kissing was implanted, there would of course be a backlash. It’s because what you haven’t experienced has been defined in your head. But what if we implanted the experience, the memory of having kissed before, all at once? Of course, the backlash drops to less than half.”
Miro opened his mouth in an absurd way.
“So now… …
“yes. What Mr. Sirone is trying to say is to conceptualize the entire experience of the Ultima system. Obviously there is a possibility. Indeed, familiar concepts are portable. Even if the memory of turning the pedals is transplanted differently to a cyclist, there will be some confusion, but in the end it is the same as accepting it as one’s own memory. In that respect, as much as the mind is exclusive, it is also a very strong attribute of self-identification.”
Miro said.
“But this time it’s not a kiss. It is transplanting a state that no one has reached in human history.”
Arius objected.
“On the Ultima system, there is only one experience. This is because the information in 1 digits is integrated no matter what is added. Once you can conceptualize it, the equation itself will be easier. And don’t speak easily. Master, you haven’t even kissed before.”
“Suddenly, the story… …
Miro looked where Gaold was and sighed when he saw that he was preoccupied with his own thoughts.
“good. So where do you get that experience? Even Sirone has never been integrated with anyone.”
Minerva asked.
“4-star villager castle brain. That guy is Gai Ain, right?”
Sirone readily admitted.
“yes. But he lost Ultima. It won’t help you this time.”
Sirone knew what happened between Adam and Eve through Omega.
Miro asked in frustration.
“Then what are you going to do? Isn’t there a way?”
“no.”
Sirone looked back at everyone and said.
“There is only one. The one who has a perfect Ultima system that doesn’t even need to be integrated anymore.”
“Is there such a person?”
Miro flashed the person he knew into his head like light.
I tilted my head for a moment, but when the category surpassed people, I finally realized it and opened my eyes wide.
“… … Ymir.”
The hall was buzzing, and even Lian, who had been contemplative without interfering in the conversation, opened one eye.
“Yes, Ymir. The only life form in the universe that has the experience of integrating 10 billion Gaians.”
With no one speaking, Sirone looked back at Louver and came to a conclusion.
“Through Dremo, we enter Ymir’s mother’s mind and steal the Ultima system. It’s transplanting it to all human beings. Then we can end the war.”
“Whoops. Whoop whoop.”
A half-mad voice echoed through the grand hall, and his eyes turned to it.
Arius was shaking his shoulders like crazy.
“Heh… … Kkkkkkkkk.”
Even though Sein is the number one person in the mental system, he can’t keep up with Arius when it comes to stealing, so the audience waited until he exhausted all of his emotions.
“ha.”
He, who had become a dog in the labyrinth and had been subdued even to his spirit, lifted his chin like a human for the first time.
“Will this happen in the end?”
Then, with his missing eye, he estimated the direction of the maze, raised his index and middle fingers, and said,
“Master, would you like a cigarette?”
“Shut up and speak quickly.”
“… … yes.”
Arius sighed and said.
“I have the experience of going into the psychology of Mr. Sirone’s mother, who is called Yahweh, and even the psychology of my master Miro.”
Both approached with bad intentions, but there was a sense of authority.
“It was amazing. yes, it was great But in the end, it’s just a human mind. It’s not that sirone-san or master are shallow, it’s just that they’re so. What I really want to say is… … 10 billion minds.”
Unlike the trembling shoulders in fear, Arius’ mouth was filled with happy madness.
“And its integration. I can’t even guess what the world would look like. Are you really going to do it? If you want to say that you are the only hope, let me say this. It’s just suicidal. He said he would give up without a fight.”
Sirone asked with a smile.
“So you’re not going?”
“I have to go.”
For the first time, Arius felt sorry for the eyes he had plucked out as he decided to dedicate everything to Miro.
“I will definitely go. However, as a leader, I am not going to live. I will do my best, but I want you to keep that in mind.”
“great. I will also join through simultaneous events, but as this is the most important issue in the Ultima System project, we need more collaborators. If you would like to support… …
Before he could finish his words, the hands of many people spread out in the Grand Hall went up.
Lian didn’t even have to check, this Rookie and Nade, Amy and Tess
eyes burned
Nade has arrived.
“Sirone, we are going too. You know my stubbornness am i sure to go? huh?”
Sirone gave an embarrassing smile.
I was moved by the determination of my friends, but considering the difficulty of the mission, it was an impossible team.
“The little ones are missing.”
Nade and Iruki looked back, narrowing their eyes, but soon shrank their necks like Zara.
Miro was walking toward Sirone, emitting an incarnation of the Thousand Arms Guanyin like smoke.
“How am I?”
He was a person who didn’t need to be judged, but it would have been easier to build a team that way.
Sirone, who was examining the energy of the iron wall emitted by the Thousand Arms Guanshi Yin, nodded.
“Enough.”
When even the maze asked for permission, Iruki, Nade, and Tess quietly backed away.
On the other hand, there were two people who still did not give up: Lian and Amy.
said Amy.
“Sirone, I will go too. You’ve experienced Dremo, and you’ve played an active role there.”
It was Sirone who saved his life with Amy’s base.
‘Amy is strong.’
Her power to conquer the world of fire is beyond imagination, but Sirone did not readily answer.
‘A little… a little bit ambiguous.’
that level of difficulty.
When Sirone first mentioned applicants, she turned her attention to the person she had in mind the most.
‘Mr. Gaold.’
He knew that if Miro went, of course he would follow, but he was still lost in thought.
People opened the way to the left and right, as if Sirone’s gaze contained invisible power.
Miro moved along the path.
“What, are you not going?”
Contrary to expectations, no answer came back.
“Are you really retired? If you can’t fight then leave. Don’t keep fooling around in front of me.”
Kang Nan glared at her.
“You speak harshly. I’ve never ruined myself for a single moment. It’s all because of you.”
“okay? I’m sorry. But what can I do, it seems like I don’t have a body to break anymore? Foolish deaf person.”
He cursed at Gaold, but Gangnan was so sad that it brought tears to his eyes.
“What are you doing… …
Why is Miro being mean to Gaold?
“There are conditions.”
As if not paying attention to the conversation between Miro and Gangnan, Gaold looked back at Sirone.
“Please speak.”
“Instead of me going, the labyrinth stays here. If it’s decided like that, I’ll destroy Ymir or whatever.” Garold’s remarks may have come from the same cold analysis as Sirone’s, but she came as an intolerable insult to Miro.
“This bastard!”
The moment Miro, who came running in one step, swung her leg and slapped Gaold’s chin.
‘omg.’
Everyone who watched blinked quickly, realizing it was an hallucination.
Miro was breathing heavily.
“… … kill it.”
I really want to kick it, but the moment the seal in my heart is lifted even a little bit, Jeon Too-yeong breaks.
“Just die. Get out of my way.” Sirone seemed to understand a little why Miro was being so cruel to Gaold.
Then Rufist came in.
“I am Lufist, the head of the Magic Association, who was in charge of the succession ceremony. Please follow me.”
Respectful, he looked at Pony and said.
“It is time to become king.”
The news of the succession ceremony being held reached the farmland outside Baska.
“I’m going out to a place like this. After all, people live a long time to see. Is that so, honey?”
The wife watched pathetically as farmer Clein tying a bow tie on his tattered clothes.
“Are you really going to come? What would a farmer like you do in a place like that?”
“You won the war. There are only a few houses other than ours where the whole family has survived. Anyway, the city is said to have been devastated, so let’s look for something that can make money.”
“I can’t live like this because I have the head to do that. Don’t go overboard and go somewhere.”
Klein scratched his cheek.
“Why has my whole body itched like this since last night? Did something strange happen here?”
“The only thing that’s strange is your face, isn’t it?”
“My wife, what are you talking about… …
My son jumped out of the kitchen when my husband turned his head in disapproval.
“dad! Are you going into the castle?” my dear son
“ha ha ha! okay! Dad went in today… …
The moment I threw my heart at my son, an intense pain spread through my whole body, like being stabbed in the teeth with an awl.
“Aaaaaaa!”
The son stopped walking in surprise, and the wife put her hand on the shoulder of her fallen husband.
“honey! What’s wrong?”
“it hurts! Do not touch! It hurts!” I was about to lose my temper.
“Are you sick anywhere? here? here?”
“I don’t know! I don’t know! just everything… … Uhhhh!”
As if his sense of pain had become more than 100 times more sensitive, his bronchial tubes seemed to burn just by breathing.
Farmer Klein.
In the Baska area, it was the name of the first person infected with emotional disease.

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-98.txt
=============YYYYY=============
Please enable JavaScript
[98] Infinity (2)
Arcane made an annoyed expression.
“joy. you compliment me All passing dogs will laugh.”
“Are you okay? It is said that mental power has been restored, but in the end it is just an illusion of the brain. If you intend to add here, you cannot guarantee your life.”
There is no free magic in magic. The mental power recovered with the Abyss Memory was an equal exchange achieved at the risk of causing brain death.
“so? Are you trying to stop me after all?”
“If you back off, we can end it here. Maybe this is your last chance. So far, everyone is safe, so I can suggest something. But if you can’t let go of your tenacity, you have to pay the price.”
“Quack. Even now, the tongue is excellent. You pretend to be thinking about it, but in the end you only know yourself. Do you think your past will be covered if I step down? It’s already late. Not only those in this seat, but also the students affected by Abyss Nova have their ears open, so you will no longer be the principal.”
Sirone looked back at the students who had lost their memories. When the magic is lifted, everything that happened here will remain as a memory. Even if the battle ended safely, it couldn’t be a big deal.
“Chuck! Are you aware of the situation now? Why don’t we just kill them all here? If so, are you willing to overwrite it for me?”
Alpheas gently raised the corner of his mouth.
“One joke too.”
“Then why don’t you go with me? I am giving you one last chance. Shouldn’t Erina take care of what she left behind? Come on, look. the results I have achieved. It’s a magical organism harvester!”
Sirone and the others turned around to where Arcane pointed. Harvest was lying on the floor, strewn about like a rag.
“… … Well, it did look a little off. In any case, the experiment was successful. If you help me, I can achieve even higher results. And that is exactly what Erina really wanted.”
Upon hearing Erina’s name, Alpheas’ eyes lit up with a cool light.
“Master. Please grow up.”
Arcane finally revealed that he was going to live. They were having a trivial conversation, but in reality, it was all meaningless words. It was a bad relationship from the beginning.
“You think you can beat me? Principal? That’s not even funny. Pretending to be smart and making foolish decisions is still the same, Alpheas.”
The powers of darkness that spread in the air united again in the form of fists. Against him, Alpheas slowly raised both hands and prepared to cast magic.
“No, this is right. One foolish judgment is enough.”
Alpheas compressed the photons between his palms. Upon seeing the photon output that any wizard of light can cast, Arcane snorted in displeasure.
“Are you going to stop me with something like that? You have become weak, Alfeas.”
“You won’t know until you try.”
“Chuck! Wasn’t that the word you hated the most? Where has Alpheas gone who used to say that you should know before you try?”
“Wizards are those who live the future. Although his gun is gone, he is not as old as I am. Do you think I have not counted your 40 years?”
“Hoo. Did you foresee today? So what you prepared is only photon output?”
“Let’s finish with this.”
Alpheas raised both hands to the sky. Then, the photons between the palms compressed and became smaller than dust. At the same time, Arcane swung his fist. A huge power of darkness poured down to the ground. End with this. It was a blow that poured out all the resentments of 40 years.
Sirone and the others stared at the power of darkness falling at an incredible speed. When I saw it up close, it was much bigger than I expected.
Alpheas’s hands slowly fell down. The movements of his arms continued like flowing water, and then began to split into dozens of afterimages. The eyes of those who watched were filled with wonder.
‘what?’
The afterimage of Alpheas moved terribly slowly. The photons compressed in his palm disappeared in an instant. Even during that time, the Power of Darkness had not yet reached half the distance.
Sirone couldn’t move a single finger. No, he couldn’t even breathe. Time is passing slowly. Only a drop of photon, smaller than a speck of dust, was moving at the speed of light.
The photon plunged into the great darkness. The wave-like ripples slowly oscillated and moved away as slowly as time slowed down.
and the next moment.
Flash!
There was a powerful explosion of light that made the world a blank slate.
The power of darkness was torn apart and spread. The light that spread throughout the magic school weakened from the center and then disappeared in the form of a ring.
When time returned to normal, Sirone and the others looked up at the sky with absurd expressions. A pale moon hung in the night sky where even the clouds had disappeared.
‘What kind of magic is this?’
It does not have physical force like Photon Cannon, nor does it have durability like Shining. It was a magic that was created to explode the strongest light in only a moment.
Arcane’s impression was distorted.
“Alpheas… … .”
“It’s the magic of the Big Bang. It’s embarrassing to put it on the association, but I think it’s good enough as a farewell gift.”
“surely… … You didn’t just run away for 40 years.”
Arcane realized what Alfeas was aiming for. It is not a magic developed as an antidote to dark magic. It wasn’t even about getting over yourself.
Alfeas only assumed this moment, this situation, and polished the Big Bang for 40 years.
“It was pretty good, for you.”
Arcane’s knees thumped and hit the ground. Due to the aftermath of the Abyss Memory, her brain function was seriously impaired.
“It will be good, Alfeas. The 50-year bet paid off. Since you have defeated the Arcanes of the world, your reputation will rise. Do you want to become the archmage of your dreams?”
Alpheas shook his head. Even at this moment, he is obsessed with superiority and inferiority. Knowing that it was the driving force behind the creation of today’s Arcane, on the other hand, felt sorry for him.
“Master is no longer the archmage. It was called that 50 years ago. That’s enough time for a 10th-class newbie to become a 2nd-class archmage. Our time is already over. The world has changed, and I am too old to be ambitious. How can you not know that?”
A vein stood on Arcane’s temple. Even though he was defeated, his years of living enough to receive admonitions from his disciples were not insignificant.
“Why do you think you are an arrogant Alpheas? You’d think you’d been caught up in some unfortunate misfortune. let me tell you the truth you are not a genius I’m just a lowly wizard running away from misfortune.”
Arcane gave strength to his shaking legs and stood up.
“Old? I became an archmage at your age. How about being honest? I don’t have one. Aren’t you making excuses because you don’t have the confidence to go up any further?”
“It’s not just about going up. As you get older, you should have appropriate introspection. But Master is still no different from a boy who only pursues sweet ambitions.”
“Chuck! Foolish Alpheas! What are you so afraid of? Take a step back and see. There is no categorical imperative in this world that says it should be!”
A terrifying aura exploded from Arcane’s body again. Realizing that her memory had been erased again with Abyss magic, Alfeas raised her eyes in surprise. The brain would withstand one Abyss memory, but the second was death with an almost absolute probability.
“Stupid old man! Are you determined to die?”
Arcane responded with a sneer and cast a dark power. The shadows beneath their feet extended to cover the basin, lifting the amnesic students into the air and moving them to the cliff.
This time, even Alpheas couldn’t help but be terrified.
“Stop it! It’s just pointless killing! What the hell will you be left with like this!”
“The winner’s satisfaction remains.”
“You fool! I want to win even at that age! I don’t think you’ll ever be a boy!”
“You foolish Alfeas. Listen carefully.”
At the end of his life, Arcane said with a confident smile.
“Wizards… … He is forever a boy.”
400 people captured by the power of darkness flew off the cliff as if scooped up with a gourd. Alpheas couldn’t understand. To use the mental strength he gained in exchange for his life on such a foolish thing.
‘What the hell drives you? What does this stupid conviction bring?’
Anyway, now wasn’t the time to care about Arcane. Alfeas, who poured all his energy into the Big Bang magic, hurriedly turned to his side and shouted.
“Save the students!”
As soon as the instructions were given, the THAAD turned into a flash and flew away. Sirone followed, and Nade and Iruki also teleported to the cliff. It was 400 people. You can’t save everything anyway. However, the situation was so urgent that even such a thought was a luxury.
Sade descended halfway up the cliff and created a wall of air with air-type magic. However, he had to make a wall of at least 50 square meters, so the thickness had to be thin.
In the end, a hole was pierced in the weak part of the durability, and the students poured down.
Under THAAD, Iruki and Nade were active. But it was too late to turn things around. Tears welled up at the sight of excellent students falling from children to seniors.
“Damn it! Damn, damn!”
Iruki looked at the sky through his hazy vision. The stars in the night sky twinkled, and a single flash descended vertically.
“Sirone!”
The flash passed even Iruki and kept going down. A red-haired girl caught the eye of Sirone, who was moving at high speed.
“Amy!”
Hearing Sirone’s voice, Amy looked away. Since it was an impossible reaction when affected by Abyss Nova, Sirone shouted again with a glimmer of hope.
“Amy! Wake!”
‘mental?’
Humans are thinking beings. Because he finds it harder not to think than to think. However, if you get caught in Abyss Nova, which blocks your memory, the source of your thoughts will not be provided.
“Amy! Amy!”
Still, Amy could think.
Because she is Amy of the Karmis family.
“Amy! Come to your senses!”
‘It’s annoying. Please don’t do this.’
“it’s me! I mean Sirone!”
‘Sirone?’
What did you mean? It was an unknown word. But Amy couldn’t let go of the three syllables that kept tickling her brain.
‘What is it, what is it? what was it I’m very curious.’
Amy kept thinking. As electricity spread through her cerebral cortex, she began to seek out information. Finally, a pattern flashed and the meaning of Sirone rushed into my body.
‘Oh right. Sirone! It was sirone.’
Amy took a deep breath as if she thought she was dying of frustration. At the same time, her eyes burned red, triggering her crimson eyes ability. Abyss Nova burned in an instant, and her memories flooded in.
‘What an idiot! What am I doing?’
Her specialty is her red face. Scientifically, she says it is self-image memory.
People of the Karmis family can return their condition to a specific point in time when the red eyes are manifested.
For example, it is possible to save the action of lifting a sword and slashing, and repeat the same action infinitely without errors. Moreover, since it is an area of feeling like a schema, the correction of errors was also immediate.
The famous saying, ‘One mistake is the foundation for progress, two mistakes are the shame of the family’, was the word that revealed their confidence.
‘what? What condition are you in now?’
Amy analyzed errors at the neural level based on self-image memory. She is currently in the sphere of influence of gravitational acceleration. Her center of gravity tilted 87.6 degrees and her heart beat 1.6 times faster.
‘It’s going down.’
I didn’t really have any complaints about that. I saw Sirone descending on a flash of light. He remembered what had happened to him. How could he forget about you?
—————————————

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-980.txt
=============YYYYY=============
premise (3)
While riding in the carriage to Allogue Street, Sirone fixed her gaze on the scenery outside the window.
Lufist stared intently at Sirone, and Fleur, who was sitting next to him, gulped down his saliva.
‘This is something I can’t even do.’
He was a comrade who fought alongside him, but from now on he had to open his mouth as a representative of Tormia.
Rufist said.
“Sooner or later the temple will be reorganized.”
“… … okay.”
Sirone did not turn his head.
“It means that the power structure of the Three Emperors is changing. The elemental bomb technology will be monopolized by Tormia. Of course, this is the content of the agreement already made with the general military of the holy war.”
‘Iruki… …
Originally, it was a contract to hand over the secrets of the atomic bomb as a condition of providing a flower garden.
“But the situation subtly took a turn when you were protecting Basuka. After all, if you don’t agree, even the General Commander won’t fulfill the contract.”
It was such a problem.
Flew waited for Sirone to answer with her hands folded.
‘I can’t beg to do it.’
Although they are close friends like older sisters and younger siblings, their feelings do not work when it comes to the question of the safety of mankind and the future of the country.
Sirone opened his mouth.
“It is possible with the technology of the elemental bomb. Kashan, Jincheon, and Gustaf won’t be able to use their strength as much as before. Are you thinking of pushing one of them out?”
“no.”
Lufist stretched out his upper body.
“That too is a story when the balance of power is tight. I intend to raise Tormia to the top position.”
If it was ambition, it would be ambition, but from Tormia’s point of view, she wouldn’t want to miss this opportunity.
“Of course, if the ivory tower admits it.”
If it is approved by Oh Dae-seong of the Integrated Space Management Department, other stars will have no choice but to feel the weight.
“I’ll leave the elemental bombs to you. If Iruki made that decision, I have no intention of objecting.”
At first glance, it seemed like an easy consent, but Flew quickly realized that he had drawn the line.
‘It means that I will not give more power to the kingdom. In fact, even this is an achievement… …
I couldn’t help but feel sad.
Above all, the fairies and dragons that Sirone had under his command were once the armed forces of Prince Lee of the temple.
“sister.”
When Fleur woke up from her thoughts and raised her head, Sirone was smiling.
“sorry.”
Flew also laughed and shook his head.
“No, I am sorry.”
When you get obsessed with one thing, there are cases where you forget what is really important.
Sirone is Sirone.
He was a good younger brother who had never let me down since I first met him at the Magic Association.
“Come to think of it, I’ve grown up a lot. It seems like yesterday that I was at a loss because I couldn’t even do the force.”
“haha! My older sister was also very disciplined. I am the chief secretary now.”
Memories came and went without a break.
“Hmm.”
It was not a satisfactory result, but Lou Fist closed his eyes without further request.
“Oh right! The 5th prestigious convocation day?”
“Yes, do you remember? So while we were passing by, my sister secretly gave me a high five…”
What really matters is that you already have it.
The crossroads in four directions, east, west, south, and north, centered on Allog Plaza, were filled with crowds.
“Long live Tormia! Long live Tormia!” It is unusual for the king to change in one day, but surprisingly, the citizens did not panic.
It is probably because it gave them a sense of security to quickly seek change in the midst of the complicated world situation.
Most of the procedures were completed, and the last thing left was for Adolf XIII to hand over the crown.
While Pony knelt down and bowed her head, King Adolf XIII took off his crown and approached.
‘I, I… …
I thought I had already given up, but something hot welled up again from deep inside my heart.
‘why me?’
Decades of waiting to become king flashed through my mind like a kaleidoscope.
In the end, he became the king, and now he was in a situation where he had to hand everything over to the lowest-ranking pony in a single day.
” majesty?”
The crown hovered over Pony’s head for a long time and swayed weakly.
“majesty.”
The official’s second words were to live.
As time passed, people’s doubts would grow, and it was not the painting that Lufist wanted.
Adolf XIII relaxed his hands, and the crown brushed past Pony’s face and fell to the floor. The clear sound took the strength of the stillness and spread as an echo to the far end of the Alog Street.
“gibberish… …
Adolf XIII bit his teeth hard.
“Stop talking nonsense!”
As the citizens gathered in the square looked surprised, he lost his temper and shouted.
“This is a scam! I am the noblest of royalty! Why should I be swayed by these people?”
Shiro and the others, who were watching from the bottom of the podium, were also in an agitated mood.
said Nade.
“That way, I’m going to go to the goal.” said Iruki.
“It must be the so-called King’s Wrath. He seems to have endured on his own, but in the end, this is the limit.”
Adolf XIII pointed the finger at the Sirone team.
“Do not be fooled, people! They are the ones who threw bombs over Baska! You are being teased!”
Lufist, who was watching the situation from behind the podium, nodded at Fleur.
“Take care of it.”
It was the order promised, and Flew grabbed the phoenix and pushed his heart into his eyes.
“This crown is mine! A human being born as a king, that is me, Adolf… … Aaaaaa!”
Adolf XIII, who was about to put the crown on his head that had fallen on the floor, suddenly let out a scream.
The flue that was about to jump out stopped moving, and Sirone’s eyes changed into a question.
‘ what?’
At first, I thought it was an ambush, but there was no magic that could fool his eyes.
“it hurts! Aww! head, head… … !” Adolf XIII, who had been rolling around holding his head, forgetting the king’s body, grabbed his chest this time.
“Knives, blades! It looks like the blade is coming in!”
People were at a loss for words as they felt like they were watching a play that was not happening in real life.
and the next moment.
“Aaaagh!”
With the sound of someone’s tearing screams, everyone fell to their seats and began to roll on the floor.
“Oh, it hurts! My whole body hurts!”
The moment I instinctively felt that something was wrong, the same pain came to Sirone and the others.
“Keugh!”
Sirone finally realized.
The moment I inhaled, my throat felt like it would tear, and my lungs felt like they were on fire.
‘It’s not magic. More intrinsic than that… …
some kind of system.
Looking around, not only my friends but also Miro, Sain, and Gangnan were suffering.
While everyone in the square was rolling on the ground, the only person standing was in sight.
‘Mr. Gaold.’
Only Gaold had a serious expression on his face, as if he felt no pain.
At the same time as the sound of the jet bursting, Minerva landed in front of Sirone.
Her face supporting Taeseong was also slightly distorted in pain.
“You are awake.”
As Sirone approached, Taeseong moved away from Minerva’s support.
“Sirone, this is Demon World. Paimon’s Demon Realm has opened.”
“Paimon?”
Didn’t it melt and disappear in the light of agape?
“I was revived with a short hair difference. my fire
It’s Char. Even if you don’t lose consciousness… …
Sironer] shook his head.
“It’s not Taehyung’s fault. Even if he was conscious, it would have been difficult to detect.”
It was a dilemma like an angel’s ‘looking down’.
“Rian, please summon everyone in the party. I will tell you how to get rid of the Demon Realm.”
As it should be, at present, all four of Shiro and the others were struggling in pain.
“What kind of demon world is this?”
“Paimon’s Pandemonium is a hospital. It’s a disease of a kind that doesn’t exist on the planet. The name of the disease is emotional disease. It is a terrible disease in which nociception is modulated on a scale of emotion.”
“A measure of emotion?”
Taeseong looked back at the people and said.
“The human body works in a special way according to the mind. Heart rate, brain waves, hormones, everything changes. Emotional disease is a disease that is dormant in the pituitary gland and is activated when the body reaches a certain state. To put it simply, the pain spikes when you love something and settles down when the object is removed.”
The moment she finished speaking, Sirone’s distorted face returned to a calm state.
“… … okay.”
“How did you do it, Sirone?”
“Killed him.”
Sirone looked back at her friends and said.
“A little air.” “But this is something only I can do. It’s because you can love even the smallest air with the same weight.”
It was the realm of absolute fraternity.
Even the act of breathing out the air is the same weight as killing a person to Sirone.
“Anyone who lives on an oxygen hobo can use the same method as me. But if that’s not philanthropy… …
“You can’t keep breathing. It cuts the air itself out of the heart.”
“okay. It’s going to be hard, but kill something first. What you value.”
The moment he said it, Sirone got goosebumps.
‘I see.’
It was a truly terrible disease.
Meanwhile, the friends who got a hint from Sirone’s words began to devise their own method.
“done.”
The first person to solve the problem was Iruki.
“What did you kill?”
“The generals of the holy war.”
It was a kind of mental murder.
“ah.”
In retrospect, there are many things that human beings consider precious in life.
Among them, it can be said that it is like Iruki that he chose the commander of the holy war… … .
‘Even if it’s not Iruki.’
What else could it kill?
Nade and Amy’s eyes seemed to have the same thought, and a light of determination came into them.
“Whoa, me too.”
What the two abandoned were the positions of head of the Nade Group and commander of the 1st Valkyrie Corps, respectively.
While getting out of the pain one by one, Adolf XIII cried out in tears.
“Aaaaaa! help me! it hurts! it hurts!” He wasn’t struggling, but the pain Pony felt was no different from him.
‘No king. I can’t give up.’
Although he heard of ways to alleviate his emotional illness, things were not going well with Sirone’s friends.
It was different.
‘If I give up on the king, Sirone will lose a means to lead the country.’
So what should I kill?
“Jeonheu｝! Let go of the king’s authority! Then the pain will go away!”
Most of the officials used Iruki’s method.
It was honestly easy.
Anyone could give up a career if they had to keep swallowing glass dust instead of air.
However, the weight of the king is a little different
was
“Yes, give up! I am no longer the king! I will give up! So my feet… …
Adolf XIII’s eyes widened and he grabbed his neck with his hands.
“Quaaaaa! it hurts! It hurts more!”
“It’s not about shouting with words! Seriously, seriously, you have to give up!”
“Aaaaaaa!”
While watching the gruesome scene, Sirone and the others realized another fear of emotional illness.
‘It has to be perfectly cut out.’
That meant that as the symptoms of emotional illness progressed, the character had no choice but to change.
What remains at the end?
“Huh!”
Kneeling on one knee, Miro gritted her teeth and endured.
‘I’m not giving up on anything.’
Since she had already cast out everything except the polar line, there was nothing to give up.
‘The pain continues to rise.’
Every time my heart beat, my chest felt like it would tear, and my lungs were so hot that I was afraid to even take the next breath.
“Miro, give up even one!”
By the time Kang Nan’s voice faded away, and cold sweat dripped down like water droplets.
‘It’s not on the pain level. Being alive is hell… …
Miro finally realizes.
‘It’s like… …
A man’s face crossed his mind.
“Is it very difficult?”
Miro, who had been watching the shadows cast on the ground, lifted her head with difficulty and looked up.
The only human who does not suffer from emotional illness.
No, they are not even sending a message because they are already living in more terrible pain than anyone else.
“you… …
Gaold was looking at the maze with pity.

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-981.txt
=============YYYYY=============
premise (4)
Even in his confusion, Miro could see Gaold’s scrawny face clearly.
Of course, he was living in more terrible pain than himself, but his eyes were vividly alive.
‘how… …
All the guesses I knew in my head were destroyed, and Miro realized for the first time.
‘How did you live like this?’
I’m afraid to even breathe right now, but I couldn’t believe that I had lived through this kind of pain for 20 years.
“I don’t know what’s going on, but Miro knew that Gaold’s words were not affected by emotional illness.
And that meant that the pain Gaold normally felt was beyond imagination.
“Be patient a little longer. Don’t try to fight the pain, don’t try to avoid it, just accept it.”
Miro just left himself alone.
Forgetting the idea of breathing, he entrusted the basics of living things to the laws of nature.
The size of the pain did not change, but the attitude to accept it became much more resilient.
The voice of Adolf XIII was heard from the podium.
“Huh! I’m trash! I am insignificant. I am the worm of the world.”
In the end, it seemed that he had let go of the king’s authority.
It also meant that the personality of Adolf XIII was completely different from before.
“Help me. I am a poor fellow. please… …
The dignity of royalty could no longer be found in him who was crawling on the floor with tears flowing from his nose.
People in the square were still writhing in pain.
Suffering triggers unfounded anger, and acts of violence have occurred in certain places.
Some had broken noses, others were trampled to the ground, bleeding from their heads.
Surprisingly, most of those who were beaten came to their senses with the pain of emotional illness gone.
‘flesh.’
Since humans value their own bodies, destroying them can alleviate symptoms.
Miro bit her lip.
‘crazy… … ‘
I finally understood why Paimon had boasted so much, and why Harvits coveted Mayray’s ability.
‘This disease is hell.’
Emotional illness is scary because it not only hurts the body, but also makes the mind and heart sick.
someone shouted.
“Hit! Then it won’t hurt!”
Learning through experience is the fastest, and another method was suggested in the plaza.
‘What was given up is morality.’
It is good to destroy the body, but it is also possible to give up being a law-abiding citizen.
The scene in the square quickly turned into a scuffle.
“Aye! die! Die!”
Pain paralyzes thinking, and I would do anything to get rid of the immediate pain.
The citizens were beasts, and Sirone watched the scene with sad eyes.
‘This is the world of Havitz.’
The current situation is not even a tragedy.
You can survive by giving up a few things right now, but how long will it work?
‘You have to keep killing in order to live. At first it’s strangers, but friends, family, and even yourself… …
As time goes on, horrific things will be done that cannot be compared to just beating someone up.
“it’s okay.”
Finally, Pony succeeded.
When her friends looked away, she was clenching her teeth with her index finger broken.
Kang Nan said to Miro.
“You break it too.”
Miro shook her head.
“It’s no use.”
Isn’t it yourself that you threw away first in order to reach the extreme line of perfection?
“I will do it.”
Shirone, who thought she had matured to a certain extent, raised her arms and activated the Miracle Stream.
Brilliant light gathered on the top of the head and spread out as countless particles.
“Aww! it’s annoying! I will kill them all!”
The citizens of the plaza did not see the light.
The only things that came into their field of vision were the faces of others they were fed up with and the bloody world.
As Lufist appeared on the podium and cast his magic, a huge iron pillar slammed down the center of the plaza.
Woo woo woo woo!
As the ground shuddered at the same time as the roar, the citizens stopped moving with frightened expressions.
“ha. ha.”
Having come to their senses a bit, they realized that it was no longer difficult to rest.
“Uh, how?”
Most would have killed something unknowingly, but so did those who didn’t.
Gaold said.
“You did something dangerous.”
Controlling the minds of citizens through Hexa can alleviate emotional illness for a while.
“Pain is the evidence of life that living things have. You can’t paralyze it that easily.”
“I couldn’t help it.”
If the status quo is maintained only by killing something, forcible removal of pain only raises the threshold.
That’s why Sirone also waited for people to get rid of the pain on their own.
“The second wave will bring more pain. But Miro-san has no other choice than this.”
Miro stuck out her tongue with wide eyes.
“Ok, thanks. To be honest, I think I will live for a while.”
Pony came down to the podium and said, showing her index finger that was bent to the back of her hand.
“The threshold of action is also a problem. If my brain convinced me that I broke my index finger, it would have already killed it. If so, even if you break the other index finger next time, you won’t be able to return to the incubation period.”
Nade asked.
“Wouldn’t it be okay if I broke my middle finger?” “That is ambiguous. It’s a different kind, but the concept of one finger is the same. I think I can break both of them at the same time, but I think I need to have accurate information about them to last as long as possible.”
Sirone nodded.
“You will need a lot of data. I’ll go and deliver it to the World Health Organization. Seriel will help. Blitz, go first and make the foundation for quantum transmission.”
“yes.”
Blitz, who lowered his head, immediately flew up into the sky and disappeared over the horizon.
said Amy.
“Pony, you don’t have to think too physically. I can’t give up on the king, but there are a lot of conceptual things. If the next wave comes, give up on me. The concept of friends.”
“I can’t.”
Pony shook her head resolutely.
“I’d rather have my body broken. I will never do anything like that.”
“But how are you going to hold on… … said Iruki.
“Pony is right. The danger of emotional illness is that the threshold continues to rise. Maybe you can break up with Amy. But then what? It doesn’t work the same way. In the end, you will have to go beyond severance and inflict harm, and if it continues like that… …
have to kill
Everyone who got goosebumps just thinking about the future that has yet to be shut up shuts their mouths.
Nade looked up at the sky and asked.
“What will happen next? We, and this world.”
No one could answer.
“Oh, Lord Yahweh.”
By the time the brief meeting was over, all citizens were approaching Sirone.
“Your light has saved us again. please protect us I don’t want to go through that again.”
All citizens knelt down and shouted.
“Sirone-sama! Please stay at my house! Please keep me in your light!”
“What are you talking about! I will monopolize that light! I only have 3 children!”
Sirone gasped at the sight of the citizens approaching from all sides, shaking hands.
“Then let’s choose a turn and let it shine! That is the fairest!”
“gibberish! How many people do you turn around? Instead, let’s make a specific place and gather there! Yes, we are building a church here!” Sirone couldn’t respond to their voices.
“It will be like this.”
Gaold said.
“I don’t think there are people outside Baska. Everyone puts their own pain first. Do you eat apples or strawberries? They will understand if you free all mankind from suffering. Because it gives you both. But if you can’t, they will be greedy for you endlessly.” Taesung said.
“The first wave was at a level where you just had to throw away one of many things. Therefore, agape, the intensity of the mind was not that great. But people’s threshold will continue to rise, so there will be a limit to Hexa’s power.”
Sirone’s Ultima System alone could not save all mankind.
“There is a positive side.”
Miro didn’t miss a thing.
“As I saw them, I felt that the opening of the Pandemonium made the integration of the Ultima system relatively easy. The more people suffer, the more they trust you.”
“Ironic. Evil strengthens a child.”
At Sain’s words, Miro nodded.
“The cycle of good and evil. Perhaps this is the last round left for mankind. It is still unknown which spokes will break and which spokes will remain.”
“Let’s go back.”
Sirone turned around as the soldiers blocked the citizens from approaching under Pony’s instructions.
“I need to close the Pandemonium as soon as possible.”
Sirone and the others arrived at the king’s castle using a mass teleport.
The first order given by Pony was to promote all the castle staff.
‘Most of the senior officials have given up their posts. There’s not enough people to handle the business.’
Re-employment could also be tried, but no one applied.
“As of this time, martial law is declared. Ban all citizens from going out except for royal guards. The key is to minimize the disturbance that will occur in the second wave.”
After dealing with the urgent matter, Pony asked Sirone.
“how is it? Have you reached the World Health Organization?” “Yeah, I just arrived. I’m talking to Seriel. I will pass on information as it comes in.”
Even those who experienced it directly had not yet established an accurate standard for emotional illness.
Taeseong said.
“This is not the only problem. Five Pandemoniums have been opened all over the world, including here in the Central Continent. To install a new system into the system of demonic reality. To solve this problem, we have to remove the root part.”
Sirone already knew the answer.
“The world behind it.”
“yes. The system of the demon realm raised the law of the other side world to reality. Therefore, if Hell can be completely purified, the Demon Realm will disappear by itself.”
Sein said.
“Continuing from Ymir’s mind, this time it’s the other side? Then who goes there?”
Again, with everyone raising their hands, Nade pushed the hardest.
“me! No concessions this time! Sirone, I’m coming!”
Taeseong shook his head.
“No, no. The other side of the world is not a place that anyone can go to. Sirone is possible because he opened the tissue paper, but a special method is needed for a being with the 5 senses to fall into hell.”
“What is it? I can do it too.”
“You will die.”
“The other side of the world is where the extreme emotions of reality gather. To enter the state of incarnation, you need to make a contract with Satan or have emotions that the system of reality cannot accept.”
“Emotions that reality cannot accept?”
“yes. As with Sirone’s fraternity, certain emotional limits must be reached. Death is the most common and easiest way, but there are special cases. This is called sin. Those buried in evil. Perhaps Siok is such a case.”
Iruki rested his chin.
“Then it’s a bit difficult. Because we cannot accumulate sins, and we cannot die.”
“yes. That’s why I’m begging you.” Taeseong turned his head.
“Lian, only you can fight in hell with Sirone. Please stop the Demon Realm.”
“ah??????
everyone realized
Only Rian, who has the ability to restore ideas, can experience hell while alive.

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-982.txt
=============YYYYY=============
What you can’t choose (1)
“Lian… …
If the standard was to be a swordsman who reached the stage of transcendental ideals, Nade had no choice but to give up.
said Tess.
“But how do you enter the Underworld? Aren’t you supposed to be almost half dead?”
“Yes, that is it.”
Tess’ face turned pale, but Taeseong remained calm.
“in fact… … You can’t go to the other world by half dying. They are usually said to wander between death and death. Even so, it straddles the boundary between reality and the other side, but does not enter perfectly.”
Sirone said.
“The difference between reality and the other side is a blank sheet of paper. That’s why it’s called Pakji. However, the mental distance is end to end. That is why ancient people called it the river of no return.”
“Wait a minute, Sirone! So you’re saying that Lian can’t come back?”
“Seekers call the thing that crosses the boundary between the underworld and this world choeni bardo. But now it’s impossible even for me. It is because the princess of Jincheon, Jin Seong-eum, completely sealed the passage from the other world to the real world.”
Miro said.
“Thanks to that, humanity also has hope.”
“yes. Victory is impossible if demons, who are constantly reborn in the fires of hell, come over to the real world. It was such a huge achievement, and in return she… …
You must suffer forever in hell.
“So you’re asking me to handle it? There is also a woman named Jin Seong-eum, so Rian should be prepared to die too?”
Sirone understood Tess’s heart.
“Do not misunderstand. That’s half of what I mean, of course, but there’s no way to get back
It is not that there is no If you release the voice from hell, the barriers of boundaries will also disappear.”
“How do you free them? Is it possible? Has anyone ever been able to purify Hell?”
It was something even Guffin couldn’t do.
Taesung said.
“The problem comes next. Sirone can go to the other world through Bakji. But Lian has to use brutal methods. The best way is to burn it.”
Tess was on the verge of fainting.
“Lian has a strong spirit. It doesn’t budge from any kind of shock. It burns, burns endlessly, and condenses emotions to the extent that reality cannot accept them.”
“No, how could a person do such a thing…”
“Impossible.”
When Lian cut off his words, Tess turned her head and replied as if she had been waiting.
“yes? Do you think so too? You set fire to a living person.”
“No, rather the opposite. I can’t say for sure because I haven’t experienced it, but even if I burn it, my mind won’t be shaken. We need something stronger.”
Contrary to Tess’ blankly opening her mouth, Taeseong gave a satisfied smile.
“So, Lian, I need you. If you lose your reason and fall into hell, you will only be eaten by hungry ghosts. The method doesn’t matter. Fire only helps to gather emotions, what really matters is your will.”
“I understand.”
Lian, who turned around the Grand Hall, looked straight at Sirone and said.
“I’m coming too, Sirone.”
u Q ah h*
Tess, who confirmed the firm trust between the two through their eyes, lowered her head sadly.
said Pony.
“Not only Baska, but other regions are also a problem. Although the army of hell has spread radially, there will still be a significant number of demons in the central and southern regions.”
Sirone looked back at her.
“huh. Actually, I was just about to talk about it.”
Amy asked.
“I followed Dante. Have you reached Creas?”
There were Amy’s home and Lian’s home, and above all, Sirone’s adoptive parents.
“yet.”
“You didn’t arrive? What is it?”
“that is??????
Sirone opened his mouth.
From the top of the mountain overlooking the city of Creas, Dante put on a tired expression.
“That’s amazing… …
Hundreds of thousands of Demons completely surrounded the wall and were conducting a siege.
Giant monsters with their horns pierced the iron plated castle gate, and demons followed as if they were being sucked into the hole.
“let’s go. I do not have time.”
As Dante said, Sirone looked back.
Thousands of refugees rescued from each region so far stood there looking tired.
“I-I’m going there… …
An old man with a cane spoke on behalf of the refugees.
“We won’t help. I don’t know if it’s a bandit, but how can you kill monsters like that… …
Eden said.
“I will stay and protect the people. You guys go and help people.”
As the procession was large, it was only a matter of time before even a flying demon was caught passing by.
‘Eden’s defense magic. Even in the worst-case scenario, I’ll be able to last for a few hours.’
Said Sirone, who made her decision.
“Okay then let’s go. Dante, please investigate the situation at the Magic Association Creas branch. Lilia-san, please support the side of the castle wall. I will go inside the city and rescue people.”
Even as they spoke, a fire was burning every moment inside the city.
Dante hurriedly called when Sirone was about to cast the space movement magic.
“Sirone.”
“huh?”
“Stop by the Ogent family first.”
Sirone couldn’t answer.
“go. you deserve it If you don’t save your parents first, no one in the world will be able to help you kindly.”
“… … Thank you, Dante.”
Dante nodded, and Sirone’s body turned into a flash of light and flew toward the city.
Sirone, who had landed exactly in the middle of the Ogent family’s great sword, heard a familiar voice.
“Taha! Taha!”
In front of the main building, Reina was shooting an arrow at the anglers.
The rhythm of the speaker was excellent, and the demons fell down, but when the opponent rose to the rank of company commander, not even their teeth were eaten.
The company commander, whose whole body was covered in scales, approached, bouncing arrows with his forearm.
“Hehe, you are a human who attacks demons. It’s been a while since I found an interesting toy. I’ll tear off your limbs one by one.”
Reina calmly pulled the steel bow’s string all the way.
An arrow powerful enough to pierce the scales was fired, but the demons caught it right in front of their eyes and charged.
“Ha ha ha! A human like me… … ! Kuck!”
Before he could finish his words, the Hand of God flew in and struck the company commander with the back of his hand.
At the same time, a hand of light swept across the floor, seized the hungry ghost, and sent it flying across the sky.
It was literally the hand of God.
Reina, who had been watching blankly, turned her gaze to the front.
The bow fell with a thud.
“Sirone!”
As she ran away with tears in her eyes, she shouted while holding Si Lone’s hands.
“What happened? Why are you here?”
“It takes a long time to explain. What about Uncle Bischoff?”
“He’s fighting on the wall. Your parents took refuge in a magic school. It’s probably the safest there.”
‘Well, it’s not at the level that the military can stop it.’
On the other hand, at Alpheas Magic School, there was a certified second-class wizard, which was rare even in the association.
‘Deputy Principal Olivia.’
Reina continued.
“After taking my parents to the magic school, I came back briefly and was surrounded. No matter what, I think I have to protect the family seal.”
“I see.”
In a knight’s family, the seal is like the heart.
Reina was grateful for giving up such an important item and evacuating her parents first.
“It went really well. To be honest, I was giving up halfway through. Hurry to the magic school… …
At that moment, there was a pop across the city and a mushroom cloud of fire rose.
“Is that it?”
It was where the magic school was located.
Alpheas Magic School was large enough to compare to small villages in other regions.
The demons who came over the mountain gathered in the central building that had turned into a fortress and started a siege.
At the high level of the 5 prestigious teachers, the demons were clearly embarrassed.
But that doesn’t mean they’re not a race that throws away their belligerence, so they start pouring in the offensive.
Sade, who was bombarding the ground with fire magic, shouted while looking back at Alfeas.
“principal! The barrier has been breached!”
The wrinkles around Alpheas’ eyes deepened.
“… … Teachers evacuate with students and citizens. I’ll buy you some time.”
Shiina said.
“I can’t leave the headmaster behind. I’d rather stay here.”
“This is not the time to be stubborn. Shouldn’t the student die before the teacher’?”
“Then I can stay.”
Olivia stood next to Alfeas, staring at the window with a cold gaze.
“What kind of time is this old old man wasting? Leave it to me. I will get out without dying.”
Everyone knew that it was a bluff, and Alpheas raised the corners of his mouth gently.
“Geukkeu, inspiration is right, but… … As he walked to the window, a terrifying life-blood began to rise from his body.
“You haven’t forgotten who I am, have you?” Mirhi Alfeas.
Olivia’s expression became hazy at the sight of Alpheas’ back that overlapped with her youthful appearance.
“… … It’s the main book.”
Even at this age, I want to spend the end of my life with the man I love.
Approaching Alpheas, she spoke to the other teachers.
“go. We will take care of this.” In the lofty atmosphere of the relationship between the two, the teachers could no longer be stubborn.
“I will come back.”
After Saad said that, he left the room, and other teachers quickly followed.
When the iron door in the basement was opened, the advanced class students were waiting with nervous expressions.
Behind Mark and Maria, the only seniors, were Sirone’s parents.
Saad looked back at the students and said.
“You have to act calmly from now on. I’m leaving the magic school. I’ll take you to a safe place.”
If such a place exists in the world.
Even in the advanced class, they were aspiring wizards, and they followed the teachers without disturbing anyone.
Just as she was about to leave through the back door, Shiina, who had been checking the road first, raised her hand.
“The demons are coming.” It was clear that the team was trying to infiltrate the building by bypassing it, and the number was at least elite.
“damn! Needless to say, at this time… …
“I will lure you in. Take the kids and run away.”
Thinking of diverting their gaze before they find the door, Shiina casts teleportation.
There was no time to stop, and even if there was, the role of the teachers was clear.
“There! chase!”
The demon’s operation team chased after Shiina, who was getting farther away, and fired an explosive pierced through her back.
Hundreds of thorns flying in pillars of fire bombarded the ground, shaking the entire site.
“Keugh!”
The heat was blocked by spreading cold air, but the shock wave devastated the eardrums.
‘What kind of firepower… …
He tried to counterattack by raising ice magic, but the enemies even surpassed his imagination with physical abilities.
The thorns were fired again, and this time it changed its trajectory following Shiina as if it had a will.
‘guided missile.’
Biting her lips and waiting in her seat, she cast teleportation at the correct timing.
The spikes collided and caused an explosion, and she rolled on the floor in the shockwave.
‘I’m angry.’
Even before the world came to this point, she had her own pride.
-You will be a good teacher.
Armin knew.
The enemies that will appear in the world in the future are not at the level that mere humans can handle.
“Do not be ridiculous.”
Shiina, who energized her wobbly legs, pulled up Absolute Zero’s battery.
It’s a local magic, but at least a few people should be able to use it as a road companion.
“Come on, you bastards!”
How many times in her life had such harsh swear words come out of her mouth?
Even though they were prepared for death, the demons only threw themselves away with greedy eyes.
“I will not kill you. I have a lot to hear.”
The moment Shiina’s hand lifted, hundreds of thorns bent from left and right flew away.
‘ huh?’
The world tilted sharply to one side, and all the thorns began to fall down.
‘ what?’
Have the planets turned upside down?
‘no… …
It is you who is moving.
When he realized, there was no one around, and he was standing alone on the ground.
“Cheak!”
A short burst of demonic scream.
When I turned my head, all the members of the operation team were lying on the floor with their heads hanging off.
“Uh…7”
Then, in the center of that bloody landscape, a man’s back caught Shiina’s eyes.
was a one-armed

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-983.txt
=============YYYYY=============
Unavailable (2)
It was too hasty to judge someone based solely on being one-armed, but Shiina knew with her heart.
“Quan?”
The man holding the sword slowly turned around.
Except for the fact that her right eye was closed, Shiina’s appearance was exactly what Kuan thought.
“Are you okay?”
Shiina ran to Kuan.
I couldn’t figure out if I wanted to be hugged or if I wanted to slap him on the cheek.
‘bad guy.’
the cheeks
‘I’m not the only one suffering.’
The moment she put strength into her shoulders and accelerated her steps, she saw Kuan’s face.
A sword scar on his right eye.
It was clear that the cut, cut diagonally, was not a cut on the skin, but a stab in the eye.
‘He’s a real bad guy.’
Her arms swung with all her might, and before that, her face was buried in Quan’s chest.
“why… …
Hot tears wet Quan’s chest.
“Why are you so stupid… …
The power of the demons she experienced was on a different level from the enemies she had fought so far.
However, Quan’s swordsmanship had reached a level far beyond them.
It was such a wound.
Kuan, with one arm wrapped around her back, spat out as much emotion as possible.
“it’s okay.”
Didn’t you keep it thanks?
If I could protect her at the cost of losing an eye, it would have been cheap… … .
‘This is not enough.’
Knowing the strength of his enemies, Kuan was prepared to pay more.
“Let’s go. Where are the others?”
Shiina’s eyes widened wildly, and she pushed Kuan’s chest as she spoke.
“Is that the end? Are you talking about leaving without a word and then suddenly coming back?”
“That’s right.”
It was so nonchalant that it was rather embarrassing.
“Then why did you come? Why did you come down to this region? There will be plenty of places for you to fight.”
I don’t know.
When Shirone told her to do what her heart wanted, the first thing that came to her mind was Shiina.
‘What did you expect?’
It is still in a form that can be called a human, but how long can it be maintained?
In Kuan’s head, he could see his own future in which even his limbs were amputated and turned into chunks of meat.
“It is part of the strategy. I have nothing left. Shiina-san, please close your heart.”
“uh… …
She pursed her lips to speak, but soon closed her mouth and put on a cold expression.
At that moment, the demons who ran after hearing the explosion of the operation team filled the front line with blackness.
“Quack. What are you?”
They were about 3 meters tall and had dozens of mouths on a muscular body without skin.
Even though a piece of amulet was covering her face vertically, she could not calm the disgusting feeling.
Brigadier Kerer.
One of the things that divides the ranks of anglerfish is the number of mouths, and Kerer had a whopping 237 mouths.
“Please step back.”
Kuan blocked the way with a serious expression.
‘Is it one ear?’
An ordinary anglerfish has the energy efficiency of digesting a loaf of bread in two seconds.
‘That’s why I’m always hungry, but…’ …
Once full, the anglerfish was one of the most difficult demons to deal with.
Quan drew his sword.
“I’ll lure you as far away as possible, so stay away.”
“no. I will fight too.”
“They are stronger than turtles. It is too much for you to handle with your skills right now.”
“It doesn’t matter, to you.”
Quan looked back at her, frowning at the cold tone that left a residue.
“I only have one arm.”
The bitter feelings were conveyed as they were.
“I can’t fight with you.” As Shiina’s eyebrows drew a sad figure, Keruere burst into laughter.
“Puhehehe!”
The sight of tongues protruding like rainbows from his entire mouth made him vomit.
“That’s it. Even if you die, only that woman… … . huh? But what? I would definitely eat that woman first. Fuhehehe!”
The subordinate frowned.
“Stop laughing. Even we are hungry.”
Keraire was serious.
“Okay, let’s do it quickly.”
Shiina’s shoulders trembled as the energy of demons rose from the group of meat-killing demons.
The first demon.
The desire to eat, which existed from the moment the creature was born, made her mind confused.
‘I have to run away.’
Just before the omnipotence and omnipotence of space movement were combined, Ker-Ehr came right in front of me.
The demon’s face was reflected in Shiina’s retina, but the signal had not yet been transmitted to the brain.
‘ huh?’
When I came to my senses, I wasn’t there anymore, and everything that had happened in an instant rushed into me.
‘Quan.’
He felt his one arm, the only one he could wield, wrapped around his waist.
Shiina bit her lip and said.
“because of me… …
“Calm down. Because this is the beginning.”
Hearing those words, Shiina raised her head and saw the demons moving at tremendous speed.
‘They’re chasing after this?’
Even the energy metabolism of an ordinary anglerfish reached 30 times that of a human, and that of a carnivorous demon was 240 times.
“There! excuse me!” Quan said at the time when he felt a strange feeling that even though he could hear it from afar, he was approaching him.
“You may lose consciousness.”
” what……
The moment Shiina opens her mouth.
Clown Pierrot – super-excited.
As the landscape tilted more than 70 degrees, the flat land turned into a cliff as huge as the world.
“Huh!”
Gravity shook the inside of the stomach, and according to the acceleration, a shock was applied that turned the blood in the whole body backwards.
“Huh!”
the world rotated
In that landscape, the afterimages of demons were passing over the retina at tremendous speed.
‘Where is this?’
In a state of disorientation, Shiina half-forcedly embraced the landscape.
The sky and the earth interlocked vertically and began to tilt sharply to one side.
‘It will fall.’
Gravity that can’t help but think so.
“ah??????
However, the scenery waiting beneath her feet was a sky covered with white clouds.
falling into the sky
‘And this… …
The world where a man named Quan lives.
‘Because it’s so crooked.’
Confessing your love or walking hand in hand is something you cannot even dream of.
Shiina’s eyes grew hot.
‘ still… …
The sea of sky that we looked at together was so beautiful that we couldn’t give it up at all.
“Kuan-san, I… …
The moment she was about to express her determination, Shiina’s stomach convulsed.
“town!”
That moment when his cheeks swelled up due to vomiting, but he couldn’t spit it out to Kuan.
“Miss Shiina.”
After the landscape turned half a turn, the weight of standing on the ground spread throughout the body.
It probably didn’t go very far, but it was important to persevere anyway.
“Wook! Woo!”
Kuan patted him on the back.
“If you want to vomit, vomit. It is only natural that the gravitational acceleration keeps changing.”
She endured, and whispered ferociously.
“Is that a problem now? As the demons stopped talking, the shouts of the enemies looking for Kuan and Shiina could be heard from all directions.
“come out! Where are you!”
“Cowardly child! come out quickly! Do you think we’ll be this hungry?”
He was in the middle of the scattered demons, and no enemy could find Quan’s location.
‘Surely this is a circus.’
said Quan.
“You will not be able to fight like before, as your energy has been consumed rapidly. Now we just have to deal with it.”
They were all screaming, but their shoulders were drooping, and eventually even their voices were locked.
“I will.”
Since he wasn’t the type to intercept the ball, Ku An’s closed eyes frowned even more.
“Because I have to get used to it in the future.”
As she said with a smile, she tightened her eyes and fired ice magic in all directions.
A scream erupted as the thick icicle landed precisely in the carnivore’s open mouth.
When the sight opened, Kerer, who was still looking around, finally found Quan.
“How dare you mock me!”
The posture of kicking the ground was good, but it was so slow that it was incomparable to the first time.
“Big!”
There was an empty stomach rumble so strong that it could be mistaken for thunder.
“wait! Chew me up!”
Grabbing the still-living subordinate and hugging him with both arms, his entire mouth moved.
“Kuaaa! Aagh!”
“Be patient. I will avenge you.” Hundreds of mouths licked the flesh on her side, and Shiina made a disgusted expression again.
“I’m going to live for a while.”
Kerer, who had thrown his withered subordinate to the floor, widened his eyes at Quan.
“Just kill… …
Kuan’s appearance disappeared.
At the same time, the ground tilted in Keruère’s field of vision and finally flipped completely 180 degrees.
“this??????!”
Even while raising his arms and waving at the situation of falling into the sky, he did not realize.
When I realized that the neck cut by Quan was falling from my body and was going up to the sky, my face spun around, and the world turned around and the unbearable motion sickness intensified.
“Aaaaaaa!”
The face that fell with a thump rolled on the floor.
Shiina stared blankly at Ker’er’s body still struggling with her arms.
“Let’s go.”
When Kuan returned to her sword, she hurriedly turned her head.
“that’s right!”
THAAD seemed to have escaped safely, but demons were still gathered in the central building.
“The principal is still here. It was surrounded by demons, but at that moment, an explosion erupted from the central building.
“oh my god… …
Where Shiina turned her head, a huge mushroom cloud was rising into the sky.
‘haha. Cheek. Alfeas, crushed by the rubble of a building, burst into laughter.
“Alfeas! are you okay? hey!”
Olivia crawled over and shook his body, oblivious to the blood flowing from her head.
“don’t worry. I won’t die like this.”
Looking at it with lighting magic, a huge pillar crushed both knees.
“… … Why did you do that?”
When the demons entered the building, Olivia tried to cast the self-destruct magic.
But Alpheas was faster.
“A bomb?” While pressing the detonation switch of the bomb piled up in the basement, she protected Olivia with magic.
“why? Are you going to sue me?”
It is absolutely illegal to store explosives in schools, but Olivia chuckled.
“Is this what it means to be confident? A wizard too.”
“It doesn’t matter, magic or bombs.”
“… … It is you.”
Whether it’s a particle or a wave of light, like Al Peas in his youth, when he thought it was enough to be beautiful.
“wait. I’ll take your leg off.”
When Olivia tried to lift the pillar with magic, Alpheas frowned.
“Arthur. It’s probably buried as deep as 10 meters underground. If you touch it wrong here, you will be crushed to death.”
“It’s the same. Because the second collapse will happen soon. Whether it works or not, I have no choice but to try it.”
“do not do that.”
Hearing Alpheas’ unusual voice, Olivia quietly looked back at him.
“little bit more… … Will you stay with me’?”
I already knew.
The fact that there is no way to get out of the underground with the power of two people who have run out of energy.
“okay.”
Olivia squeezed into the narrow space and lay down next to Alpheas.
It was quiet.
“What are you thinking about? Thinking of your wife?”
“Not that shameless. I said goodbye Before the demons come.”
“then?”
“Is this also the main book… … I want to.”
Alpheas turned his head.
“It wasn’t something I didn’t like. When you confessed, I thought I might have a new life. Sorry. I didn’t have the courage.”
Olivia was in tears.
“Are you saying that now? stupid long.”
“Cheuk, anyway, you heard it alive, didn’t you?” She smiled and nodded and gently stroked Alfeas’ cheek.
When I turned off the lighting magic and slowly brought my lips together, a stream of light flowed in from outside.
“huh?”
In the next moment, the entire wreckage of the building began to rise slowly, driven by some force.
“principal! Are you okay?”
Sirone’s face was visible above the pit, and a huge hand of light was grasping the rubble above it.

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-984.txt
=============YYYYY=============
What you can’t choose (3)
“Sirone?”
After confirming that the two were all right, Sirone said with a smile.
“Please wait.”
The sound of the Hand of God pouring building debris into the clearing at the top of the mountain could be heard from here.
“what? however… …
The postures of Alpheas and Olivia lying down were quite meaningful.
“What were you two doing?” Realizing that she was still in her arms, Olivia dropped her hastily.
“Ugh!”
Alpheas groaned in pain.
“Mi, I’m sorry. are you okay?”
As if the pain was not going away easily, he frowned arrogantly and winked at Sirone.
“Thank you for saving me, but can you cover it up again? It was a very important topic right now.”
Olivia’s face brightened.
“What nonsense are you talking about, you crazy old man!”
Sirone laughed.
Seeing that both of them were full of energy, it seemed that there was no internal injury.
“I’ll take it out now.”
The Hand of God penetrated the ground and lifted the two as if they were being pulled out of water.
“Hmm, light.”
Alpheas smiled.
Who would have known that the child who asked what magic was would become the light that saves the world.
Upon reaching the ground, Olivia was able to confirm the power of the bomb that had just exploded.
“oh my god… …
The entire radius was blown away, and a huge crater was formed where they were.
Shiina came running.
“Sir! Are you okay? how
what happened? The school exploded!”
Olivia chinned.
While receiving emergency treatment from Sirone, Alfeas raised his thumb.
said Rayna.
“My kneecap was crushed. The magical treatment was given by Sirone, but I think he will have to combine surgical operations.”
“I must go to the army. It would be the only place where you can meet surgery in this situation.” Sade’s voice was heard from outside the crater.
“Master! Are you all right?”
Arriving in front of the group by teleportation, he too lost his words when he saw Sirone.
“What happened? An explosion?”
Saad, who had heard everything from Shiina, let out a sigh of relief and said,
“thank god. Others are hiding in the mountains. Sirone, your parents too.”
I shot the lighting magic up into the sky, and 10 minutes later the students came down from the mountain.
“uh? Shirone-senpai!”
Mark and Maria ran first, but Sirone did not even receive a proper greeting.
It was because he saw Vincent and Olina standing in the crowd of students, haggard.
” mom.”
They didn’t even expect to have a son, so Vincent and his wife froze in their seats.
But nothing could overcome the hot energy burning in his chest.
“Sirone!”
” mom!”
As Sirone hugged Olina roughly, Vincent covered them in tears.
Numerous questions that did not wait for an answer were poured out on each other, and people watched happily.
Sirone exhaled impulsively.
“I found my birth mother.”
Why is this timing?
The thought of making a mistake flashed through my mind, but it seemed like there would be no timing if it wasn’t now.
“Uh, hey, I thought I should tell you first. Of course, my father and mother… …
“okay.”
Olina, who was making eye contact with her husband, said while caressing Sirone’s cheek.
“That’s great.”
“… … yes.”
In the end, Sirone burst into tears.
The night streets of Baska, where martial law was declared, had turned bleak like a ghost town.
Occasionally, the screams of emotionally ill people floated through the air like ghosts.
There was an echo of a loud bang, and from somewhere a woman’s cries of terror could be heard.
Pony’s face overlooking the city from the castle was already exhausted.
‘I’ll be able to get past the day.’
After breaking two more fingers, she realized that self-injury was not a problem.
‘The rise in the threshold is much larger than expected. I can’t even last a few days in this state. I have no choice but to be patient.’
The key was to get rid of the Demon Realm, and as soon as I wake up, Sirone and Lian will leave for the Underworld.
‘Is it okay?’
According to Sirone’s hint, the process of going to hell in the state of a living body is truly terrible.
If you don’t do it, you will become a demon.
It was Sirone’s expectation that even if he maintained his sanity, things would not be normal.
When I lowered my gaze toward the garden, Tess was out alone, looking up at the moon.
‘Are you Lian’s lover? It must be disturbing.’
Since it was not a situation where anyone could sympathize with anyone, Pony closed her eyes and went inside.
“ha.”
Tess sighed.
‘Are you really going?’
Hearing how to cross the river of no return burned his stomach.
‘I can’t stand it. It’s crazy.’
If it wasn’t for the situation where all of humanity would perish, Sirone wouldn’t have taken Lian either.
‘Bad child.’
Even when I was angry with Ryan, I ran chills down my spine when I thought of the fear he must feel.
‘Yes, I should wake up too.’
After returning to the castle, Tess packed snacks and headed to Lian’s accommodation.
“Rian, it’s me.”
“… … come in.”
Again, his voice was trembling.
Taking a deep breath, she opened the door with an effortless expression on her face.
“hi? A beer or something… …
Tess’ movements stiffened as she held the bottle up.
“Whoa! Whoa!”
The heat was hot in the room, and Lian was doing push-ups with her shirt off.
he said, turning his head.
“What are you doing, won’t you come in?”
It was a stiff expression, but there was no fear of tomorrow.
Tess slammed the door shut and sat on the bed.
“Are you okay?”
“Emotional disease? No problem for the time being. Even if I break or tear something, it will be restored.”
“No, not that. Do you know what you have to do tomorrow? You, still in the fire… …
Tess abruptly stopped talking.
Even if it is something that has not happened to you, it is terrible. How would the listener feel?
“Yes, it sets my body on fire. That way you can enter the Underworld.”
“Aren’t you afraid?” Tess finally couldn’t stand it and spat out.
“You don’t know what kind of effect the fire on your body will have in this world! it’s crazy? Or are you really stupid? may not die But that’s what makes it even worse, you idiot!”
Ryan stopped exercising and got up.
“Tess.”
Then he took the beer bottle Tess was holding and said while removing the cap.
“don’t worry. You will do well.” Tess was staring blankly at Lian, who was drinking beer, and suddenly got goosebumps.
‘I’m not stupid.’
It’s courage.
The courage to not give in to anything was Lian’s talent.
After the workout, Lian drank beer with Tess.
Time passed without any mention of tomorrow, and it was midnight.
After a moment of silence, Tess, who was fiddling with the bottle, burst into laughter.
“ha ha ha!”
It’s such an atmosphere when a man and a woman are in the same room.
“What, all of a sudden?”
When Lian asked, Tess’ laughter spread to a self-deprecating smile, and the words continued.
“We are cool.”
she asked, turning to Lian.
“Or am I just being cool? In fact, you are not thinking about anything.”
Ryan was speechless.
“Do you want to do it?”
When there was no answer even after exerting the greatest courage, Tess hurriedly changed the atmosphere.
“ha ha ha! I’m kidding! I hope I do you… …
Was that why it was more sad?
A warm feeling gripped her heart, and tears welled up in her eyes.
“Couldn’t you just tell me? I will never bother you, so can you just tell me that I love you?”
“You are a good person.”
“why! why!”
Tess jumped up and stood in front of Lian.
“You are leaving tomorrow! You don’t want anything! What’s so hard about just saying something?”
“Why did Sirone choose me?” I was angry at the sudden question, but I couldn’t get anything out of it without going through Sirone.
“Only you can enter the other world, you are strong, and Sirone trusts you the most.”
“no.”
Lian shook her head.
“If that was the only reason, Si Lone would have gone alone.”
When I heard it, I was right.
“I don’t know the principle, but it seems that Shirone is all over the world at the same time. When I heard that, the first thought that came to my mind was this. Then how do I keep it?”
Tess kept her mouth shut.
“If Sirone dies in one space, what will happen to Sirone in another space? Will everyone die, or will only Sirone die in that space?”
“so… … Did you ask Sirone?”
“No, I didn’t ask. If it was tactically necessary, I would have told you without asking. But Sirone did not reveal. That means… …
Ryan’s eyes turned cold.
“When Sirone in one space dies, all Sirone in the world will die.”
Saliva ran down Tess’ throat. “That’s why I didn’t say it on purpose. Knowing this will lower your morale.”
“Ha, but it’s just speculation. If you ask Sirone tomorrow… …
“You really think so?”
Lian stopped talking.
“Do you think Sirone would have asked her friend to do something she could do alone, knowing that her friend would suffer terribly?”
no.
“I will go to hell by any means. And I will protect Sirone there. Tess, I know your heart. But I don’t want to take on any responsibility other than Sirone. It will prevent you from making a choice when it really matters.”
If your judgment is delayed because of the lingering attachments left in reality, you should cut off everything and go.
“So, you can’t take any responsibility for me? Even just saying a word? Even 1 percent?”
Ryan said firmly.
“Even 0.1 percent.” “Sorry. It’s okay to resent it anyway. I’m already determined. I must… …
“ha ha ha! Ha ha ha ha ha!”
Tess’ laughter was mixed with crying, but somehow her expression looked lighthearted.
“It’s really like you. I know that? You are the worst of the worst men I have ever met.”
“sorry.”
“no it’s okay.”
Tess grabbed Lian’s head with both hands.
“Because I never regret it. Now I know why I like you.”
Because he is a real knight.
‘And me too.’
She put her hands on Rian’s hair and said with a sharp expression.
“go. Go fight.”
“?????Tess.”
“Listen carefully to what I say. You must keep your sanity. And if Shiro is in danger… …
Tess held back her tears.
‘Don’t cry, Tess. Smile. You have to laugh.’
Somehow I couldn’t see the tears, but in the end I couldn’t make a smile.
“If Sirone is in danger… …
Biting his lip, the words he pulled up finally passed through his throat and out of his mouth.
“You must die. Promise. I won’t hesitate even for a moment. It is to protect the lord.”
Lian lowered her head and closed her eyes.
“okay.”
Suddenly I had this thought.
If peace reigns in this land someday, it would be nice to live with Tess.

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-985.txt
=============YYYYY=============
Unavailable (4)
At the Creas Defense Forces Infirmary, Alfeas underwent surgery to put the bone fragments together.
Excluding Alpheas, numerous wounded soldiers were bleeding and moaning in pain.
“Huh.”
They saved their lives with recovery magic, but they suffered severe functional damage to their bodies.
Lyria asked.
“Sirone, how can you help me?”
“Nothing is impossible with quantum phenomena, but curing someone is an elusive problem. Hexa’s ability is that two people’s perceptions collide over one world.”
Sirone turned around.
“Usually I win. You can’t beat me for feeling the world based on my 11 senses. But what if it was the body of another person or a common thought recognized by everyone? For example, asking the sun to suddenly disappear would probably be difficult.”
said Dante.
“Everybody thinks it’s impossible
peel.”
“okay. If it were me, I would get rid of the sun with greater power, but my heart is different from the law. The Miracle Stream could take your life. Because death is a natural perception. But I can’t make you a woman. It is because it is a certainty that transcends the five senses.”
“Hmm, it’s a technique of the heart.” Sirone took out a ballpoint pen.
“The basis of Hexa is a perfect state of mind. For example, if I recognize that this ballpoint pen does not exist… …
The ballpoint pen is gone.
“It really doesn’t exist. It also means that my perception overwhelms you. But if you can create the same state of mind as me, you can too.”
Sirone handed over a ballpoint pen, and Dante took it and stared at it.
‘Ballpoint pens do not exist.’
He tried to erase it somehow, but the ballpoint pen was still imprinted in his hand and in his eyes.
“… … I understand. No matter what method you use, a perfect state of mind cannot be created. As long as we don’t know what the condition is, we can’t block suspicion.”
Sirone nodded.
“It is the limit of perception. People in particular are incredibly confident in their bodies. Regenerating an amputated leg would be something that could never be established from their point of view. No matter how desperate you are.”
“If you truly believe it?”
Eden asked.
“What if someone believed in the power of the mind to the same extent as common sense? Can it be cured then?”
“Then nothing is impossible.”
Sirone smiled.
“But if it were that easy, we wouldn’t be fighting hard. Legal treatment is the most convenient way to fix the principal’s knee. It is not necessary to solve simple quadratic equations with algebra.”
While Dante, Eden, and Lilia were testing the quantum phenomenon by passing ballpoint pens around, Sirone looked at the scenery of the infirmary and headed for the door.
Dante followed.
“Where are you going?”
All the demons in Creas City had been wiped out, and the refugees had also joined the city.
“Wherever. There are soldiers here and there are people to share the pain with, but there are also places where it is not.”
“Can we do quantum transfer?”
“Simultaneous events are like a paving stone. When the two me recognize each other, one disappears. Beings with 5 senses would not be able to recognize each other even if they were placed between just one wall, but I have 11 senses.”
Dante kept his mouth shut.
“Quantum is a phenomenon originally created to build systems on a cosmic scale. There is a feeling that time and space are too narrow to be used inside the planet. If two me pass by at a distance of several tens of kilometers, it is about the extent of normal humans barely passing each other.” Sirone brought his two fists together, almost sticking together, and slowly crossed them.
“No need to complicate things.] You shouldn’t be aware that there is another me in a certain space. But what if a fierce battle takes place in a certain space? I will maximize my senses to fight.”
Sirone spread her right hand and covered her left fist.
“In this case, the first I recognized becomes the real one, and all the remaining me becomes emptiness. If you’re on an important mission, there’s bound to be a setback.”
“Right.”
“I want to move as organically as possible within the scope I can afford. There are many villages outside of Creas, so I’m thinking of going there. In the meantime, please.”
“Don’t worry about that. however… … Dante’s face nodded happily
it got serious
“When will you come? Emotional disease.”
This was the reason why Sirone and the others couldn’t smile comfortably even though they had won a small victory.
“Within 24 hours.”
Sirone slowly turned around.
“You have to prepare, Dante. We will all see a different world than before. mind
keep the tone and… …
What I wanted to say was this.
“Save yourself.”
Pesian kingdom.
It was around 2:00 in the morning when the remnants of the demons rushed into the kingdom south of Tormia.
As it belonged to the poorest country in the Southern Continent, it lacked supplies and manpower to stop the demons.
At around 4:00 in the morning, the demons that penetrated the capital spread radially and slaughtered humans as they could be seen.
The port city of Verikent.
Dark blood soaked into the lifeline of Pescia, where 200,000 people live.
“Aww! Save people!”
The demons who occupied Verikent were an army led by Brigadier Della under the command of the 6th Corps.
Dela, the demon of delusion, took the form of a slender girl with black hair that hung down to her shoulders.
However, his true color was the worst of evils, playing with human emotions like toys.
“Please save me. Please, please save me.”
About 100 people who entered the pier after fleeing the alley knelt down and prayed.
Men, women, old people and children.
While searching for a target, she spotted a stout man glaring at her.
He, who had fought the sea all his life, was showing a distinct aggression unlike other people.
Dela asked in the language of the behind the world.
“Don’t you like me?”
The language of the demons felt like tearing dozens of sheets of paper at the same time.
“What are you talking about, dirty evil
Mark!”
He fired hard, but he knew that the man also had no chance of winning against the demons.
‘Aim for a gap and jump into the sea.’
The sun hadn’t risen yet, so if you dived under the water and hid in a ship, you might be able to save your life.
“Looks like the captain, let’s have a bout. If I beat you, how about releasing me?”
After thinking for a moment, Della nodded.
“good.”
It was human language, and the man was displeased that his voice was unexpectedly beautiful.
‘Pretend to fight and fall to the side.’
The distance to the water is 20 meters.
If it was a demon, it was a distance that could catch up in one second, but the story would be different if you avoided the blow.
‘You can avoid it. can avoid… …
Sparks flew from his brain like a revelation, and the man threw himself away, blocking his thoughts.
don’t look back
Relying on his senses while still breathing, he threw himself off and rolled on the floor.
‘I run here.’
I saw the Black Sea.
As the man plunged into the water with a splash, the captives exclaimed.
“ah??????
Jealousy for life and despair that he will die at the same time.
“It’s not human, but it’s a human choice.”
Della turned to the people.
“One person escaped, so you guys will have to pay for that crime. Previously… … Anyone else up for the challenge?”
As soon as the words were finished, those who could run with all their might raised their hands.
Della chuckled.
“Okay, give me a chance. from you there Take a step back to the sea. I will kill one person for every step I take.”
The man who was called stood up immediately, but his face hardened after hearing the words behind him.
“That, like that… …
“How is it? You were going to throw everything away and run away anyway, right? If you’re going to do it, do it proudly. start.”
Numerous gazes pressed the man.
“If you don’t like it, make someone else do it?”
Before he had time to make a decision, his foot moved backwards by itself and took a step.
“For now, one person.”
Della waved her hand and blew the old man’s head off.
“Wow!”
The woman screamed, but she was also hit and pierced through Della’s blow.
“He who cries also dies. Go ahead.”
“Huh”
When the man cried, Della even designated a person to show him.
was a child
“Okay, this time I’m going to kill him. What are you doing, run away? Or will you come back? Is it better to wait for someone else to kill you?”
“Save me, please save me. please… … As the man ej*culated, Della’s expression became ecstatic.
“walk. Or should I trade you with this kid? This kid will run away whether you die or not.”
Bloodstains rose in the eyes of those who bowed their heads.
‘Evil! devil!’
And among them was Etela, who was once filled with the will of goodness.
There was still a spark of goodness left, but it was just a weak emotion like a burnt-out charcoal.
‘What can I change?’ During her hiding she was the one who descended to the edge of the abyss where humans could fall.
‘Everyone will die anyway.’
the devil is coming
Here comes the worst human ever, roaming the planet only after her scent.
Della shouted.
“good! Then let’s give this kid a chance!”
“Keugh!”
Della’s hand went up as the man with his eyes tightly closed took a step back.
“Ho-ho-ho! I knew it!”
Just as I was about to split the child’s head with the water tap, I heard a scream from the other side of the pier.
“Kuaaa!”
It was the demon’s scream.
“what?”
Turning her head, Della’s eyes widened, and she saw countless men falling in her field of vision.
Hundreds of fountains of blood gushed from the backlit shadows.
“Sniff sniff. Sniff sniff.”
The sound of sniffing like a dog.
Then there was the sound of iron striking and the sound of something heavy dragging the floor.
“… … Here.”
I saw the silhouette of a man pulling a bundle as large as a wagon with one hand.
It was Chagall of the rapid-fire sword.
When the red was broken by an uninvited guest, Della gave instructions with a frown.
“What are you doing? Go and kill him.”
At the same time as the demons rushed in, Chagall’s arms disappeared with the bee’s flapping sound.
“Kuaaa!”
A structure unique to a rapid-fire sword, dozens of blade shells rushed in and embedded themselves in the bodies of the demons.
The muddy blood of the demons burst like a fountain through the hole in the blade that had completely penetrated.
“ah??????
With the appearance of a master who could not be found in the Pesia kingdom, hope dwelled in the eyes of the people.
“Sal, please save me!”
As soon as a woman ran, all the people who gained courage got up and ran to Chagall.
“Save me! Those bad demons… … Kuck!”
A rapid-fire sword was lodged in the man’s neck, and the slaughter began before he could even scream.
Della watched with a blank expression.
“… … What is that?”
It wasn’t human, it wasn’t human.

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-986.txt
=============YYYYY=============
other space(1)
When dozens of people were killed by Chagall’s attack, those who remained hurriedly stopped walking.
Behind them were demons, and in front of them were demons who stabbed them to death.
“Why why?”
As Chagall approached, those who had risked their lives to escape slowly retreated.
“Why are you killing us? You are human too… … !”
Before she could finish her words, the rapid-fire sword mercilessly stabbed the woman in the abdomen.
“Aaaaaaa!” At that moment, people clearly knew where to go.
“Run away!”
The fact that the man in front was far less human than the demons behind him.
“Big!”
Baring his teeth, Chagall swung his arms wide and threw the huge bundle into the sky.
His skin was torn, and hundreds of quick-firing swords spun and rained down like rain.
Kicking off the ground and charging, Chagall caught the falling dagger and began killing indiscriminately.
The port quickly turned into a sea of blood with the blood spewed out by those stabbed by the dagger.
“Knock-knock! What a fun person you are!”
It was said that demons came from humans, but it was pure evil that even Della had never experienced.
Steel claws protruded from her fingers as she bent her lower body against the charging Chagall.
The corners of her mouth were grotesquely torn, and her beautiful face quickly turned into that of a vicious beast.
Amidst the frightened, motionless people, Ethella bit her lip.
‘Not yet, not yet.’
Chagall had reached the pinnacle of slaughter, which cannot even be called a skill.
He didn’t even know if it was a set procedure since Ra Enemie mocked his fate.
‘It’s not madness. obviously some ability. Now, there is no chance of winning in a head-to-head confrontation.’
He fought seven times while escaping, and each time Chagall’s power grew stronger.
‘One chance.’
Even if it meant sacrificing everyone here, he had to seize the opportunity.
“It’s quite good!”
Even while Della and Chagall were circling the same place, demons and people were dying.
“How about this?”
As Della accelerated, the body disappeared and a stormy wind rose.
Chagall couldn’t even move at the speed at which the moment was lengthening like an eternity.
‘Huh, human anyway… …
While orbiting around the target, she turned sharply and aimed at Chagall’s side.
‘I’ll play with it to my heart’s content.’
Pulling out her sharp claws to the limit, she aimed at Chagall’s shoulder and swung it.
‘ uh?’
Chagall’s pupils moved sideways.
‘I saw me.’
When she stopped her attack in a hurry and tried to lean her upper body back, she heard a vibrating sound.
‘Huh?’
When Chagall’s arms moved, the seesaw of time reversed and Della’s motion stopped.
Dozens of rapid-fire swords, still falling like rain, moved simultaneously and pierced Della.
hooked
Starting with the first blow on the collarbone, the blade of the rapid-fire sword dug in every centimeter.
Della’s face had been stabbed more than seventy times by the time it turned into a perfect demonic form.
“Kyaaaaaa!”
Staggering back, her eyes opened wide, and blood gushed out from all over her body.
“Huh uh uh uh!”
Chagall charged again.
He knew from experience that powerful demons would not disappear to this extent.
“100 million! 100 million! 100 million! 100 million! 100 million!”
stabbed, stabbed, stabbed again.
Della, who was being attacked with half-open eyes, suddenly witnessed a strange sight.
‘what?’
Around Chagall’s body, things that were not real colors shimmered grotesquely.
And the next moment, he began to stab the rapid-fire sword at an unexpected place, not at Della.
‘I don’t have anything?’
But surprisingly, the blade of the rapid-fire sword was disappearing as if something had really been stabbed.
‘The other world?’
It is killing the existence of another dimension.
“Knock-knock! Knock-knock!”
The reason why I feel good even in the midst of extinction is that Chagall’s situation is not that different.
Della hugged Chagall.
“Poke it as much as you like. don’t wait in hell At that time, I will repay you hundreds of millions of times what I am now.”
Chagall turned her away without even listening.
And he continued to stab her abdomen, where there was nowhere else to stab, and moved forward.
The feeling of a hand tearing through the flesh.
Like an obsessive-compulsive patient, the only thing that moved Chagall was the sense of impact in that brief moment.
Consciousness goes away.
‘Tia.’
As his consciousness grew farther away, the numerous anguish that plagued him in reality dispersed like smoke.
“Tia!”
The last quick-fire sword I had been saving for one hit was thrust deep into Della’s forehead.
An eyeball pops out of her eye socket with a crackling sound… … .
‘Now!’
Etella’s regime aimed at Chagall’s side.
When Chagall turned his head, his pupils were so cloudy and dark that he could not be thought of as a human being.
‘Master’s enemy.’
And now he’s after Ethella
He was also the enemy of the 6,000 people he killed on the way.
Chagall, who had used up all his rapid-fire swords, swung his fist, but Etella was prepared.
Taking the blow to her shoulder, she twisted and thrust her fist into her ribs.
“Big!”
Chagall’s face contorted, and Etella quickly withdrew her fist and attacked again.
‘one more time.’
If it could create an interfering wave of waves, even the masters of the schema would have their guts ripped out.
“Kuaaaaa!”
As Chagall screamed and straightened his upper body, a strange light appeared in Etella’s eyes.
‘How can this… …
Chagall was already holding the rapid-fire sword.
“Black!”
They avoided the attack with a narrow gap, but dozens of daggers began to appear in the air.
‘Material Embodiment?’
It’s not like that.
The anxious energy that I felt every time I collided with Chagall was finally materialized.
“Aaaaaaa!”
The sight of the blades rushing in so densely that there was no time to avoid them gave me goosebumps in itself.
He backed away with all his might, but in the end, Ethella was hit in the thigh.
“Huh!”
As soon as he looked down at the blade stamped into his thigh, red blood fountains gushed high.
Grabbing the skin of the rapid-fire sword with her hand and pulling it out, she tightened her muscles and stopped the bleeding.
“Tia.”
Whenever Chagall took a step, his teeth shuddered and countless rapid-fire swords fell.
Even Ethel did not know why.
Just guessing, Chagall seemed to perfectly believe that the rapid-fire sword actually existed.
‘Can you do that? No matter how much you believe… …
Ethella realized.
“ah.”
limits of awareness.
Chagall was a person who had already experienced the overlapping of virtuality and reality once through La Enemie.
Just as people believe that what they see with their eyes exists, the rapid-fire sword was the same for Chagall.
‘It’s a big deal. I can’t stop it now.’
After seven battles, Etella’s strategy was to wait for the rapid-fire sword to be consumed.
But now the number of weapons was infinite.
“why?”
Ethella shouted.
“What do you want? If you want to kill, you can kill. Why are you torturing me?”
Although he fought fiercely, he never saw that Chagall had no chance.
“Because I hate you.”
When he realizes that his life and everything that happened in it was just a dream.
“You are not Tia.”
What is left of man?
“I will torment you. Until you howl in despair, no, I’ll haunt you though! continue! continue! forever!”
everything was a lie
When Chagall woke up, the only thing Chagall could be angry with was Ethella, who was Tia.
“I sympathize with your life. But it has already reached the point where it can’t be forgiven. I killed too many people.”
“not there yet.”
Chagall laughed bitterly.
“I will kill them all. When I kill, kill, and kill again, until I am the only one left in this world.”
when that time comes
“You can tell. what is real and what is false. what my life was like.”
The fact that it wasn’t a lie made it even more frightening.
“go. go anywhere I will follow you. I will kill everything connected to you. You will experience the same pain as me.”
Ethella contemplated suicide.
If he took his own life here, would Chagall stop meaningless killing?
‘it is not so.’
Ending Chagall’s life with his own hands was the only way for Master, the victims, and mankind.
While the two glared at each other, the few people who couldn’t escape managed to get up.
With just that brief slight movement, Chagall’s hand moved, and the rapid-fire sword penetrated the back of everyone’s head.
“Quack. Kkkkkkkkk.”
The scenery distorted again around Chagall, who was staggering and shaking his shoulders.
Landscapes and colors that are not of this world, and the feeble screams of the dead leaking out.
Ethella’s eyes sparkled.
‘I see.’
At the boundary between delusion and reality, Chagall was already neither dead nor alive.
Etella, who had been glaring at Chagall fiercely, turned around and quickly left the port.
‘This is the last one.’
It was not about running away, but about risking everything to negotiate with Chagall.
‘Don’t worry, Master.’
Realizing her mission, Etela’s eyes burned with strong will of goodness unlike before.
The chase, which lasted all night, ended in the morning.
At the top of the Ardos Mountains, Etella knelt down and meditated.
The refreshing song of the birds suddenly disappeared, and I felt a great evil energy.
When I slowly opened my eyes, Chagall was coming up with a haze that was bigger than the night.
“You are misunderstanding something.”
The translucent devil’s face intermittently overlapped Chagall’s face as he spoke.
“Isn’t that the way it was written before? If you hide where no one is, you will die.”
“I went to many places avoiding you.”
Things that had fallen endlessly to fight evil flashed like a kaleidoscope.
“Beast cages, brothels, sewers… … . The light of the soul has gone out, and the body has become dirty. The Ethella you were after at first is no longer there.”
Chagall’s brow wrinkled.
“What are you talking about?”
“I hated myself for losing my will for good because I was mad for revenge, but now I realize it.”
Ethella smiled.
“The true meaning of Master’s words. sacrifice. Courage to embrace evil.”
“Kill them.”
Ethella was no longer afraid.
“You don’t have to follow me anymore. because… …
He smiled softly at Chagall, who was striding forward, and spread his arms.
“I will forgive you.”
“Aaaaaaa!”
Chagall defeated Etella.
“shut up! Stop talking nonsense! die!”
Despite the random fists, Etella did not even move.
‘It’s a sacrifice, Master.’ As she waited for the end of her life, she saw Chagall, half turned into a demon, before her eyes.
“why! what are you What are you like!” Tia.
Half-conscious, he bit Etella by the scruff of the neck and made a beastly noise.
“Kreureung! Kreureung!”
Etella embraced Chagall’s back, which moved with animalistic desire, with her arms.
‘Don’t miss it.’
By doing good, evil became the greatest.
Like that, good and evil amplify each other, creating extreme emotions that humans can’t reach… … .
“Aaaaaaa!”
Eventually, the scenery changed terribly, and he began to fall into hell in a state of flesh and blood.
Last minute in reality.
Ethella looked up at the sky over Chagall’s shoulder and parted her dry lips.
‘iced coffee?… ”
I saw a sky full of clouds of fire.
‘The world behind it.’
It was a soul purifying system in which emotions that could not be dealt with in real life were stored.

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-987.txt
=============YYYYY=============
other space(2)
* * ?
Crete, the capital of Tormia.
The screams that had been heard all over the capital the night before were quieted down around dawn.
From the tallest watchtower, Miro captured the pale scenery of dawn.
‘He must have found his own way.’
Because a lazy person cannot exist in the face of pain.
“ha.”
Miro was like that too.
There was nothing precious to her who sealed her heart to protect the good.
The only way is to accept the pain.
‘It’s painful.’
It was as if knives were mixed in his veins.
I was afraid to even breathe because every breath of air seemed to tear my organs.
‘I wish time would stop.’
Who can dream of a hopeful future in a life where every moment is painful?
‘I have to endure it.’
At least Gaold did, so she clenched her fists and took a deep breath.
“Keugh!”
Just as the signal of pain pierced his brain, Gaold’s voice was heard from the door of the watchtower.
“Initially… …
Standing side by side with Maze, he looked down at the city and opened his mouth.
“I am angry. When you’re too angry, listen to fight the pain. Picking up the wounds, prodding them. But how long can that be? In the end, you are the one who hurts.”
Before I got emotionally ill, I thought it was all about putting up with the pain.
‘Pain is not like that.’
Any terrible pain can be endured if there is hope that one day it will go away.
‘True pain is… …
The fact that it never ends.
‘Can I hold on, can I? Will I be able to fight to the end without succumbing to pain?’
like Gaold.
‘Stupid child. how… … How can I live like this?’
I thought I understood all human emotions on the journey to the extreme.
How arrogant.
‘Human beings shouldn’t talk carelessly about things they haven’t experienced.’
I thought I knew Gaold’s pain.
It will be hard enough to die. It will hurt thousands, tens of thousands of times more than if my hand was cut.
that would be really terrible
‘… … say.’
should have been silent
At least I shouldn’t have made any judgments about his pain.
Gaold asked.
“Are you really going?”
There is no way to survive in the spirit of Ymir, where 10 billion Gaians are united.
“If you’re thinking of paying with your life to go sightseeing, I won’t stop you… …
“no.”
Miro shook her head.
“I don’t care how the mind came about. It’s just there what you need to get rid of evil.”
“What are you going to do? You really don’t think you can make it, do you?”
“Why are you asking me that?”
Miro smiled at Gaold.
“You have to find a way.” “Find it. Whether it’s chasing me and protecting me, fighting enemies, or beating up Ymir, it’s up to you. Somehow get the Ultima System in my hands.”
“I don’t like it… … i won’t tell But what if you can’t? There are things that are impossible.”
“okay?”
Miro grabbed Gaold’s collar with both hands.
“Then I die. Do you see what I mean? It’s saying I can’t be happy. Do you want to die in pain?”
While receiving Miro’s evil gaze, Do Gaold’s expression did not change.
“ha.”
Miro sighed and placed her forehead on Gaold’s chest.
“Do you know what annoys you the most?”
“What?”
“That you are stronger than me. You, the human being, would be annoyed and annoying to death, but since there is still value to use, you can’t get rid of it. That makes me so angry.”
“… … I’ll try my best.”
Miro raised her head.
“Let’s go in together, in the spirit of Ymir. I’ll come up with the means, so take care of your emotional illness.”
Gaold thought simply.
It would be enough to raise the sense of pain much more than it is now, that is, to an unimaginable level.
“I’m going to talk to Sirone.”
As Gaold tried to leave the watchtower, Miro, who was watching his back, opened his mouth.
“I will ask you one thing.”
Gaold stopped at the door.
“Why do you like me?”
As he tilted his head, as if he hadn’t expected it, Miro asked as if to scowl.
“Am I that pretty? Are you in good shape? Or are you just coming? He always makes it hard for you.”
“You?”
With an absurd smile on his face as if he was going to listen to everything, he said as he pulled the doorknob.
“Why do you hate me?”
After Gaold went down the stairs, Miro thought for a while.
Neither could she say anything.
Three streets, 32 kilometers from Baska.
The two-headed carriage stopped, and Meniruki and Nade unloaded the large suitcases.
“Is this right?”
Iruki checked the sign.
“That’s right, the fork in the journey. Did we arrive sooner?”
Just as they were about to check the time, the smoke from the Miracle Stream condensed in front of the two of them.
“Sirone!”
Sirone, who appeared in front of them by quantum transmission, smiled and raised her hand.
“Did you wait long?”
said Nade.
“no. We’re just here too. But what about the wagon? Shall we leave it here?”
It was the time to prepare for the next two days and start the mission in earnest.
Iruki and Nade planned to spread the Ultima System on a pilgrimage around the world following Sirone.
“Because we’ll be going around remote areas, that would be good. And I’m sorry. Dorothy and Mr. Liz, actually you can go together.”
Iruki shook his head.
“There is not enough manpower in the capital. At times like this, you should also draw on connections you don’t have. She said Dorothy was bringing an excavation team.”
said Nade.
“Liz will also join Pony. I handed over everything about the elemental bomb manufacturing plant.”
Friends of friends and friends of friends, where the hell is the enemy?
Nade asked, weighing the backpack on his shoulders.
“Then where shall we go?”
Although Sirone learned all the geography of the world through Omega, the aftermath of the war was unknown.
“How about this?”
Iruki unfolded the world map in his head that he had been saving since Valkyrie General Command.
“To explain my map, every place where the army of hell passed is lit up. The dark part is sparse like an island. I think we can use that place as a point to move.”
“aha. Then where is the nearest one?”
“O”
As I zoomed in on the world map with my thoughts, thousands of place names within a radius came to mind.
“The Borshua region.”
Sirone nodded.
“It’s the Akros Kingdom.”
As a country that came down long along the coastline, it had a border with Tormia to the north.
“Although it was almost destroyed in the war, it seems that the area near the seaside has not suffered much damage. Let’s go there first.”
Nade asked.
“But what about emotional illness? I’m buying time with Sirone’s ability now, but I won’t be able to handle it later.”
“I guess there is no back. It will be solved if Sirone and Li An purify the back world. If it’s impossible… … Iruki shrugged his shoulders.
“Isn’t it the same anyway? The end of the world.”
“Of course it is. What I’m worried about is that we’ll be incurable before the Underworld is cleansed.”
The threshold of pain rises endlessly, and in order to calm it down, the power of Hexa must continue to grow stronger.
Sirone said.
“It’s a bad thing to have your ability to act at a critical moment. but this is for the best According to Seriel… …
Sirone gave them information he had just received from the World Health Organization.
“It seems that emotional diseases can be transmitted through the human body. Emotional disease outbreaks were also found in areas other than the direction of the wind. It was confirmed by the World Climate Organization.”
Iruki’s expression became serious.
“Hmm, then the propagation speed must be faster than expected. There will be those who give up their hometown to soothe their pain. You’re giving up the biggest material piece of real estate, your house.”
“huh. Pony took emergency containment measures, but since even the soldiers are infected, it’s impossible to prevent them from escaping. That’s why you made the decision. Those who carry out the core mission are trying to increase the incubation period with Hexa’s ability.”
Since they were a community with the same destiny, Iruki and Nade also accepted their opinions meekly.
“I understand. Then let’s go.”
The world is heading toward ruin day by day, but the hearts of the three are a little excited.
said Nade.
“Come to think of it, this is my first trip after graduation. We promised before, let’s be together even when we go out into society. A dream has finally come true.”
“It’s because it’s free. Was unemployed a dream?”
Nade pointed at Iruki’s words.
did.
“Then he is also dog hair! Just get better. I will make a lot of money.”
“haha!”
Listening to the two bickering, Sirone let out a relieved laugh for the first time in a long time.
‘Yes, I’ll start from here.’ I hope everyone can laugh
“Sirone.”
Miro came to the room.
“What are you doing?” It could be said that the atmosphere in the royal castle was heavy because Lian had to leave for the Underworld soon.
“interview. Did you hear from Gaold?”
“yes. I decided to go with Drimo. I’ll be leaving as soon as Lian’s work is done.”
“huh. Before that, there is something I want to say. I can deliver it anytime, but when I enter Mir’s mind, I only want to focus on the mission.”
It seemed that he was giving homework.
“Yes, please.”
“I mean Havitz.”
Power entered Miro’s eyes.
“I got a lot of information while attempting to assassinate Havitz this time. I’m sure he’s the most dangerous. If the circumstances are right, he could even kill his Buddha.”
Sirone was just listening.
“Quan, who attacked Habits while listening to God’s frequency, expressed the situation at the time like this. that it was embarrassing He said he felt like a delusional child.”
“okay.”
Quan’s feelings were fully understood.
“But Havits definitely exists. There must have been moments when Mei Ray and Lian felt something. Therefore, it is not delusion, but we who dismiss it as delusion are the problem.”
“Limits of Perception.”
“okay. The quantum barrier you mentioned. If the human mind defines everything, vanishing is the exact opposite. Havitz is in the realm where nothing should be defined.”
“for example… … Is it purity?” Miro clicked with her fingers.
“That’s right. pure existence. In other words, if you are a child who has just opened your eyes and accepts the world without any preconceived notions, can you see Habits?”
“Hmm.”
Sirone rested her chin.
“Perhaps, no, you can definitely see it. because… …
both said at the same time.
“Even if you see it, you don’t see it.” Miro nodded her head.
“He can see Harvits. It’s because I don’t even know what the form of Havitz is. Without any preconceived notions, it just sucks in all the signals it gets into the optic nerve.”
“… … It is not invincible.”
Said Sirone, who was lost in thought.
“But isn’t it the same? How do you get help from a toddler who doesn’t even know what a Havitz is?”
“There is one.”
Sirone’s eyes widened.
“A child who is not perfect, but still close. No, that kid could kill Habits.”
“that is… … Who are you?”
Miro raised his index finger and said.
“Wenna Wizard.”
Along with Nane, Jin Seong-eum, and Sirone, it was a name that was listed as the 6th place in the list of candidates for the Ivory Tower.

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-988.txt
=============YYYYY=============
other space(3)
Kashan Empire.
Averion, a cultural city, was a special tourist zone where you could see the world’s customs in one place.
As an empire with a strong sense of pride in its culture, it was one of the cities that did not suffer significant damage in the aftermath of the war.
Humans’ ability to survive was truly tenacious, and when the demons’ momentum subsided, the market revived.
It looked like the only paradise in a ruined world.
“Hmm.”
And in the midst of that crowd, Havits drew his sword while activating his vanishing ability.
“buy! Cheap! The royal cactus essence, which can only be found in Aberion, is only money… … Kuck!”
Havitz, who had decapitated the merchant, accepted the glass bottle he was holding and introducing.
Blood fountains erupted, but no one in the market felt uncomfortable.
“I sell pretty necklaces. It is a handicraft weaved with desert crystals. A gift to her wife… …
Havitz held out his arm while tasting the cactus sap, and the tip of the sword pierced the old woman’s neck.
In that state, he looked into the glass bottle and tasted it, then drew his sword and turned around.
Then, he put the glass bottle on the head of a passer-by and stuck it.
There was a knock and the bottle broke.
The passer-by who sat on the floor did not understand the situation he was in, even though he was possessed by blood.
Havits thrust the sword through his abdomen, and finally slaughtered passers-by at will.
In the market that turned into a sea of blood, people were still laughing and chatting.
Harvitz’s eyes were locked in the abyss.
“It’s a bad place.”
When the Pandemonium was opened, Habitz experienced great pleasure through the god’s frequency.
In particular, when emotional illness broke out, I lay down on the wasteland for almost half a day and shuddered.
However, the voices collected from Averion were far from what he liked.
As he waved his sword and regurgitated the crowd, he stopped in front of a shop selling cloth.
A young woman with a child on her back was bending over, choosing fabric.
Harvits looked at the child.
“Ah, ah.”
The child, who must have just turned 10, stretched out his hand to Havitz and smiled.
Havitz held out the bloody sword to the child and slowly moved it left and right.
“iced coffee. ah.”
The child wiggled his hand to grab the sword.
A middle-aged woman, the owner of a cloth shop, said while looking at the lively child.
“A son? I am curious.”
“Oh, is it? It’s rare. He is calm at home.”
“It’s a good thing that you come out too. Perhaps Kashan’s guardian deity is giving it a blessing.”
The baby’s mother laughed.
“Are you the guardian of Kashan?”
“This is what my grandmother told me when I was little. They say babies can see God. It’s a different thing from the eyes of an adult who is tired of septa. So, in her grandmother’s days, when a baby beckoned into the air, a prayer was raised. Please, please let my baby grow up healthy.”
“yes??????
It may be an old folk tale, but when I became a mother, I became interested in those things.
The shop owner hinted at it.
“Why don’t you try it? You have to get down to make money.”
“Oh, is that so?”
It was embarrassing to try it, but she still closed her eyes for the sake of the baby.
“God.”
Harvitz cleared his ears and yawned.
“Please don’t let my son get sick. And let him be a great man.”
Havitz raised her face to the baby and made a funny face, letting out an innocent laugh.
“cadet! Aww!”
Mom was startled.
“Oh, I laughed. Did you just hear?”
I got goosebumps from being honest, but I knew it was just a coincidence anyway.
“Look at it. It’s God’s answer. bless the baby
would have given it to you.”
In any case, I was in a good mood, so my mother handed over the two pieces of cloth I was weighing.
“Give me this.”
Since it was a fairly expensive cloth, the profitable shop owner was excited to put the item in it.
“My mom likes it, so I feel good too. I put another handkerchief in her, so she’ll have a baby bib.”
“thank you.”
Havits held the baby’s bracken hand and moved it up and down while the mother picked up the item.
“huh. handshake. handshake.”
“cadet. cadet.”
The baby, who had been salivating and laughing, clung to the coop again when the mother turned around.
“bye.”
After waving to the departing baby, he dug into the crowd again.
“Yesterday there was a bad sandstorm. the window… …
As he swung his sword at a passer-by, his throat was severed with a single blow, and a fountain of blood gushed out.
“The blade is dull.”
Hundreds of corpses were soaked in blood behind him as he headed towards the forge.
Wena Wizard.
He was once ranked 6th in the list of candidates for the Ivory Tower, and his track record has been obscure since then.
“I think I’ve heard the name. How old are you now?”
Miro said.
“Seven years old. I only heard about Wizards when Hugo joined Shion. He’s dead now… …
“yes. It is a pity.”
Sky Hugo was also a wizard with a full future to the extent that he was ranked ninth among the candidates for the Ivory Tower.
‘He was a strong person.’
Although he was overpowered by Sirone, Dumpra’s incarnation skills were amazing.
‘Does that mean that the ivory tower rated the four-year-old Wizard higher than Hugo?’
Sirone gradually became curious.
“What kind of child are you?”
“Mother Awakener. I heard that the spirit zone was already opened when the fetus was 3 months old.”
“Right after the brain is formed.”
“yes. With an immature brain, he reached a level of concentration impossible even for adults. Can you imagine what happens when a fetus perceives the world through synesthesia in the womb?”
Sirone couldn’t answer.
In human history, there are quite a few people who have been awakened from birth, but this was the first time they entered the Spirit Zone.
“Where are you now?”
“I don’t know. When the World War broke out and the supply and demand of manpower became important, I got a list of candidates for the Ivory Tower… …
This was the last list since no new additions have been made since Sirone entered the Ivory Tower.
“As a result of the tracking, all died. But if you’re on the list of candidates for the Sang A Tower, it’s no small matter. Of course, some people are really dead, but at least the Wizard will be alive.”
“How can you be sure?”
“Because I can’t die. It’s actually a bit contradictory, but there’s no such thing as “absolute” in combat, right? However, considering the characteristics of wizards I have researched… …
“You mean never?”
Miro nodded awkwardly.
“Human beings are born, learn the world, and have the ability to conquer that world. But not Wizards. From the time he was an embryo, he belonged to the world. To be honest, I wonder more how the child could die.”
She pointed at Sirone.
“For example, if you attack me, I will consider all the variables in a split second and make the best choice. No matter what happens, it is said through thought and calculation. But the wizard… …
“You mean you just know?”
“I think maybe. According to what I have heard.”
“Hmm.”
Sirone was lost in thought.
“All wizards use batteries. The pinnacle is Sirone, it must be you. Wizards are fundamentally different. If I had to put it into words… … Shall we call it pre-knowledge?”
“Sunji.”
“okay. I don’t calculate, I don’t think, I just react. like nature. And because of that… …
Sirone said.
“pure.”
Harvits can be recognized.
“huh. still seven years old As you get older, your perception may be limited and your wisdom may deteriorate. So we have to do it now.”
“But isn’t that too harsh? If you’re truly pure, dealing with Harvits… …
“It is unavoidable. Because neither you nor I, even me, can kill Havitz.”
“Because it is impossible to collide.”
“okay. Havitz’s death event itself doesn’t happen. The moment we make any calculations, the law spits everything out of the conflict boundary. No matter how hard I tried to get close, I couldn’t make it. But wizards can.”
“Because it doesn’t count.” Miro nodded.
“Havitz’s chaos is like an amoeba proliferating with desire. It’s so violent, you can’t predict where it’s going to stretch its tentacles. But strangely, very strangely.”
According to her insight.
“Purity. So when you don’t define Havitz, it seems to be quiet like a lie. As if chaos had fallen asleep.”
A thought ran through my brain.
“Idea and Chaos. Number 2 of the law Yes. If chaos is not defined, chaos itself cannot exist.”
“We need to find the wizard.”
Miro’s voice gained strength.
“Havitz can hear the vibrations of the heart. Now is the point where even perjury is impossible. There is no other way than the Awakened Mother.”
Sirone also understood.
“I’ll go with Amy. With Mr. Lampa’s help, I think we’ll be able to find her.”
Tess was almost crying.
“oh my god… …
How can he be sane when he is anointing Lian, who is alive and well, with black oil?
‘It must be painful.’
He wouldn’t be able to stand it even if he asked himself to hold his hand over a campfire for three seconds.
“This is not it.” In an instant, my mind went round and round, and I reached a state where normal thinking was impossible.
“Sirone, wait a minute. Even though… …
Then something heavy was placed on his shoulder and Tess looked back.
“ah??????
It was Lian’s grandfather, Klumph.
Sirone, who turned her head at Tess’ voice, found him and moved on.
“hello.”
“OK.”
Klump stared at Lian, who was sitting cross-legged, from a distance of 20 meters.
“Are the preparations going well?”
“yes. sorry.”
I had already told this to Lian’s family in Creas, but it must have been on a different level than seeing it with my own eyes.
said Tess.
“Grandpa, do we really have to go this far? How to set fire to a living person. If you can’t stand this… …
The moment Lian’s idea disappeared, his body would also turn to ashes.
“Of course not, my precious grandson.” Tess’ eyes widened, and Clump continued with a benevolent smile.
“No one can set fire to my grandson. As long as I don’t do what that fool does with my own hands.”
“Grandpa.”
“Let’s go. Open her chest proudly. Shouldn’t you at least respond to Lian’s courage?”
Holding onto Klumph’s arm, Tess moved towards Lian with heavy steps.
The smell of oil stung my nose.
“How does it feel to be dragged into hell?”
Lian, who was lost in meditation, opened one eye.
“I don’t know if I can. Because it’s a gem disease in this way. It may take a long time.”
Tess shouted.
“That’s not it! how you feel can you hold out If it doesn’t work, take a break and do it.”
The word to give up didn’t come out, so I spat it out, but it seemed to have become more cruel.
“It will be difficult.”
Klumph finally took on a serious expression.
“You won’t want to endure it. But maybe that’s the key to hell. If you wish, I will avoid your seat.”
Who would want to show their family how they were screaming in pain?
Instead of answering, Lian looked at the wall in the distance.
A black-haired swordsman was standing.
‘lie.’
Even after the battle in Baska, his brother never visited Lian.
“Let’s start, Sirone.”
As Sirone approached, Clump and Tess stepped back, keeping their eyes on Lian.
Tess was nervous.
‘Shall we go back to the castle? should i stay here? No, because of me, Lian is more
If you are suffering… …
“Tess.”
When Tess looked pale, Lian smiled with one eye closed.
“Look smart. how well I do it.”
While Tess, who had managed to suppress her burst of tears, clenched her teeth and nodded, Sirone raised her hand.
“See you in Hell, Lian.”
A small flame burned on the palm of my hand.

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-989.txt
=============YYYYY=============
other space(4)
Hwangseong Yeomra.
Accompanied by Gaitan the Earth Dragon and Assrike the White Dragon, Sirone knocked on the gate of Enma.
Even before confirming their identity, the gatekeepers put on a dazed expression as if they were bewildered.
‘Oh my god, such a beauty… … White Dragon As Striker.
Not only the soldiers but also the officials opened their mouths in a daze at her appearance, which reached the pinnacle of all living things.
“This is Sirone, the Five Great Stars of the Ivory Tower. Emperor of Jincheon… …
As everyone’s eyes were fixed on As-Skiker, Sirone cleared his throat.
“Hommum, hey, I’m here to see His Majesty the Emperor.”
No answer came back.
As Sirone let out a sigh in a familiar situation, Assryker opened his mouth.
“This is the Five Great Stars of the Ivory Tower. Can I have an audience with His Majesty the Emperor?”
“yes? Ah yes! please wait a moment
Come on!”
Baekryong’s ultimate protection was so strong that even the gatekeeper of Yeomra, who was famous for his naivety, was willing to follow.
Three minutes later, the Royal Guards, accompanied by a small but luxurious carriage, arrived at the gate.
The same situation as three minutes ago had occurred, and even the ladies-in-waiting had lost their souls to her.
‘… … I can’t go to places where there are a lot of people.’
It’s okay to share a few words.
However, the situation becomes serious when the assriker talks to a specific person for more than 5 minutes.
‘You’ll have to risk your life.’
Countless kings, leaders, artists, scholars, and priests throughout history have died from love sickness.
Even more terrifying was the will of a king who took his own life 1,400 years ago.
‘It is said that it is better to know her even if I die now than to live an eternal life without knowing her.’
It was the fear of the white dragon that handles the soul.
Upon arriving at the civil war, Jincheon’s general, Oh Ryong-jang, was performing a sword dance on a high platform.
They were Yucheong, who is called the incarnation of the sword, and Hwang Yi-seong, who is nicknamed the Devil of Paedo.
‘It’s very thin.’
Sirone watched for a moment the dance of the two who wielded swords and axes in a flamboyant way.
It must have been the unique momentum of the Jincheon Empire to not stop fighting despite the visit of Oh Dae-seong.
“Taha!”
As Hwang Yi-sung rushed forward with his ax raised, he felt the force behind him as if a wave was rising.
Yucheong, who put his sword forward, rushed like a flash and broke the waves, and a strong wind blew up.
Gaitan was indifferent with his arms folded, but the expression of Assryker got worse and worse.
‘These… …
Aren’t you intentionally ignoring the Messiah who will save the world?
She turned to the manager and said.
“Are all the generals of the Jincheon Empire so rude? I’m a little disappointed.”
“Oh, sorry!”
He was not just a general, but a general at the pinnacle of the military, but the official responded immediately.
‘Looking forward to me.’
Showing an ugly figure in front of Assryker was something he hated more than dying.
“General!”
He raised his voice uncharacteristically for a civil servant and shouted loudly as he threw his fists.
“Sirone, the Five Great Stars of the Ivory Tower, has arrived! You have to be polite!”
The movements of Yoo Cheong and Hwang Yi-seong stopped abruptly.
‘Am I crazy?’
She already knew about Sirone’s visit.
However, it was the law that even the emperor did not stop the sword of Oryongjang, which symbolizes the power of Jincheon.
“To prevent a samurai from flying… … Hwang Yi-sung, who put his ax on his shoulder, frowned arrogantly, but soon his expression relaxed.
“huh?”
The moment I saw the woman staring at me, I felt like my soul was ascending to heaven.
‘Who is that woman?’
Hwang Yi-seong has an honest personality.
In addition, his wife was Princess Yeon, the most beautiful woman in the kingdom of Moon, but she could not ignore the feeling of Geuk-ho.
‘I’d like to share a word with you.’
The gulp went over, and Yu Cheong, who was next to her, couldn’t take her eyes off her.
“ah??????
Hwang Yi-seong belatedly expressed an example.
“I didn’t notice it because I was fighting a whole-body battle. This is the surname of General Hwang.”
Yu-cheong was not to be outdone, so he swarmed with his sword.
“This is Jincheon’s Oryongjang, Yucheong. Please forgive the rudeness. There is no compromise when it comes to swords… …
Sirone just wanted to get into the civil war.
“No, thanks. I only came because I had something urgent to say to His Majesty the Emperor.”
Assryker added.
“Thank you for your kind hospitality. Please don’t worry about us and keep training.”
“Ah yes. then… …
When the two generals started fighting again, Sirone moved towards civil war.
Perhaps because he was conscious of the As-Skiker, the impact sound of the cold weapon was several times louder than before.
‘watching.’
Assriker, who was passing by the podium, slowly turned his head to watch Bimu.
‘Looking at me.’ Yoo Cheong and Hwang Yi-seong, who had the same thoughts, pulled out all the strength they had.
A roar echoed throughout the enclave.
“Yaaah!”
Yu Qing’s face, which was pushed back by Hwang Yi-seong’s blow, turned red from ear to ear.
‘Keugh!’
You can still feel the gaze of the Astriker.
‘What disgrace is this!’
I was dying of pity at the thought of how little she would see me.
“Hwang Yi-seong! Do you look down on me!” Salcho was developed in the skill competition, and Hwang Yi-seong also used the secret technique of repentance to be outdone.
In a situation where it wouldn’t be strange if anyone died, Sirone stopped walking.
I didn’t look back, but I was able to recall the scene of the dance just by listening to the sound.
“Go, whey!”
As Riker watched the murderous blow toward his comrades with indifferent eyes.
‘I win! The thing she loves about her is… …
Just as the cold weapons were about to break each other’s bodies, a blindingly powerful light exploded.
“Kuk!”
The hearts of everyone around them sank calmly, driven by an unknown force.
“Heo-eok! Huh!”
The two generals who managed to stop their swords gasped for breath with dazed expressions.
‘what? why am i… …
Did you try to kill your colleague?
The two of them suddenly realized it and turned their heads to see Sirone facing the front.
“Ass Rider.”
Her shoulders twitched at the cold voice.
“Yes, Messiah.”
“I must have said that? Never keep an eye on a specific person for a long time.”
The existence of the white dragon itself is a weapon.
Just staring at someone makes your heart boil.
“sorry. To build up her pride without knowing how much the Messiah sacrifices… …
I understand your feelings, but if it continues like this in the future, the unity of mankind will be difficult.
“People almost died. If you think you can do more just because you’re strong, you don’t have to stay by my side.”
Sirone’s face turned pale due to the rain.
“sorry! I will never do that again!”
“let’s go.”
Seeing her sullenly following her, people opened their mouths in a daze.
A similar situation occurred during the civil war, but she did not make eye contact with anyone.
Upon arriving at the palace, Jin Kang opened his mouth.
“Are you here?”
‘The emperor of Jincheon, Jin Kang.’ The steely eyes were still there, but everything else seemed at stake.
Aside from being skinny, I didn’t feel the vitality that is natural for humans.
“I came because I have something to tell you.”
“If it was caused by the Demon Realm, I already received a report. The Empire’s doctors are preparing countermeasures with all their might.”
Jin Kang glanced at the two apostles guarding Sirone’s left and right.
As Riker made eye contact, but Jin Kang could not find any change in emotion.
‘Such a soul.’
she was sad
‘Even though I’m alive, I’m not alive. I can’t squeeze out any more.’
Any parent would feel the same if they thought their child was struggling in eternal pain.
“I will go to the world behind it.”
A light flashed in Jin Kang’s eyes.
“If you purify hell, the underworld will disappear. We are currently preparing in Tormia Kingdom.”
“… … Right.”
The reason he didn’t ask about Seongeum was probably because he was still the emperor of Jincheon.
“I can’t save it. However, if Hell is purified, it will be freed from suffering.”
Jin Kang’s eyes turned red.
“The magician Jin Seong-eum is the one who saved humanity from the swamp of despair. She was able to fight this far because of her. If I meet her in her hell, I will kill her at her charge.” Jin Kang struggled to endure it.
This is because the emperor Jincheon wants is a son of heaven who rules over all people, not a human being bound by family love.
“I will be entering the world soon. Before that, I came to ask permission for the extinction of the voice.”
I knew why he had to ask for permission.
“… … When my daughter disappears, the psychic realm will reopen.”
“yes. Of course, if Hell is purified, there will be no problem. But if you are faced with a situation where you have to choose between the two… …
The purification of hell and the extinction of the sacred sound.
“I will choose to liberate the voice. Even if the psychic realm opens again.”
Now it was the emperor’s turn to answer.
“Then Jincheon will lose. Humanity, of course. Are you asking me to abandon the empire and save her daughter?”
“It’s up to His Majesty’s heart.” A heavy silence passed.
“You chose it even after knowing the ending of the voice. Do you regret sending your daughter that way?”
“regret… … do you?”
Jin Kang turned his head and recalled the feelings at the time, but his mouth did not open any longer.
“If I can’t choose, I will.”
As Sirone was about to lead the apostles out of the palace, a hoarse voice was heard.
“If it were me… …
Jin Kang stood up.
“If it were me, I wouldn’t have done it like my daughter.
hey.”
Then, with a polite fist, he bowed his head deeply toward Shirone.
“Liberate the hero of Jincheon.”
“I will do my best.”
After saying that, as we headed towards the gate, all the servants bowed in unison and shouted.
“Please free the hero of Jincheon!”
I wonder if the burning of a living human being is more beautiful than any other flame…
“Whoa!”
For a moment, I had such a crazy idea.
“Lian!”
If life could be seen, wouldn’t it be burning in that form?
Even if he was breathing while standing, even if he was crawling on the floor, the flame was always pointing upward.
‘It’s on fire. What should I do now?’
Endlessly restoring his body, where pain was everything, Lian walked around aimlessly.
‘It’s much harder than I thought.’
The thought that I’d rather die flooded my mind, growing in size in an instant.
“Great!”
There will be no screaming.
Lian made that promise, and thought he had kept his promise to the end.
Even until Tess sheds tears as she rolls on the floor and screams evil for three hours.
“Lian, Lian!”
Two more hours had passed since then, until Klump bit his lip until it bled.
“Aaaaaaa!”
I thought that Rian never did anything evil.
“Sirone! now that’s the limit I’m going to go crazy! Let me rest for a moment.”
Sirone shook his head coldly.
“If you stop now, you will have to repeat the process from the beginning. This is for the best.”
Tess covered her ears at Lian’s shout.
“please! Please stop!”
“??????haha.”
When I turned my head to Lian’s laughter, he was standing up before I knew it.
“Heh heh! Hehehehe!”
At first I thought it was crazy.
However, his voice, clearly staring somewhere, did not waver.
“I see, Sirone.”
Every time the flames flew, countless scenes that were not real were overlapping.
“uh… …
Inside Tess’ retinas, the ghosts screamed.

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-99.txt
=============YYYYY=============
[99] Infinity (3)
‘Like an idiot… … really stupid… … !’
He came to me first, and I gave him coffee, but he threw away his hand coldly. Amy closed her eyes tightly as if turning away from the scenes dotted with her regret. She and she shouted with all her might.
“Sirone!”
Sirone smiled. It was fortunate that Amy had her memories back. At least for the last moment, she is able to leave as a sirone who remains in someone’s memory.
“Thank you, Amy.”
Sirone’s tears fell down Amy’s cheeks.
‘Why are you crying, Sirone?’
Amy was anxious. Something went wrong. Then, the moment she saw the will to live slowly slipping out of Shirone’s eyes, she realized.
Please enable JavaScript
“Sirone! no!”
“Sorry. I couldn’t keep my promise.”
Sirone embraced Amy and fully opened her immortal function. As consciousness expanded to infinity, the ego began to fade like water.
‘Hello everyone… … .’
Father, mother, members of the Ogent family, and friends at school. Shirone could laugh because she was loved by so many people. A huge light flooded the bottom of the cliff. Falling students, Iruki, Nade, and even Sade were swept away by the brilliance and disappeared.
The next moment, a huge flash of light shot up vertically.
It was a mass teleport that moved as many as 400 people at the same time.
‘Ah, that’s right.’
Lying on the ground, Arcane watched as the flash of light soared over the cliff was scattered in dozens of directions. It was only at the last moment that I was convinced. where she was And what a wonderful life she had.
‘It’s a playground that I regret playing for the rest of my life. Isn’t that right, Alfeas?’
The legendary archmage who dominated the world passed away just like that.
“Master?”
Canis was dazed in front of Arcane’s corpse. Wasn’t he still a disciple? But he left without even leaving a will, doing what he wanted to do until the end.
“Was it really nothing? Were we just tools?”
Canis ran to Arcane and shook her collar.
“wake up! How could this be! I’d rather die! Why are you leaving me alone!”
Arin approached Canis with sad eyes. His reflection in menarche was that of a man made of liquid like sludge. The shape did not stay still for a moment, spreading like a liquid and then rising again in the form of a human being.
“No, Canis. I didn’t die because of you. That person took advantage of us. The villain of the world.”
“Hehe, what’s wrong? It looks like you’ve realized it now.”
Harvest said in a muffled voice.
“Yes, Canis. everything died because of you Arcane, I will die, and someday Arin will die too.”
Arin, who was glaring at Harvest, hurriedly turned to Canis. As expected, she was shocked, and as the human form collapsed, she was released into muddy water and stuck to the floor.
“why? What did I do? Living in Radum? Is it because you are an unlucky child?”
“Because I am weak.”
Harvest’s conclusion was simple.
“How long are you going to live hoping that others will notice you? There is no such thing as saying that you have to live like this, or that you have to die like this. Arcane just lived his own life.”
Arcane sacrificed his life in exchange for his evil beliefs. Harvest fulfilled the contract as a magical creature, even choosing to self-destruct.
‘I am… … What did you want to die for?’
couldn’t find anything Blindfolded, she was nothing more than a wildling colt. It was a life made up of all kinds of shells.
“Like Master… … .”
“Yes, and like that boy.”
Sirone was lying in the middle of the 400 students. He said he wouldn’t hurt anyone. And he stood by his convictions to the end.
Canis approached Harvest and checked his condition.
“How are you?”
“If you ask me, I will die. Because if you don’t parasitize life, you can’t live.”
Arin said.
“All you have to do is sign a master/servant contract with me. Canis will not be able to hold on because her mental strength is exhausted.”
Harvest shook his head.
“I’m sorry, but that’s not possible.”
“what? why? It will perish at this rate!”
“Because my master is Canis.”
Harvest’s words pierced Canis’ chest. It was time for him to raise the banner of his convictions. Will I be able to survive? Either way, both would die.
“Harvest. I will accept you as a vassal. But I will not forgive you for betraying me twice.”
“Quack. You know. master.”
“Canis! It’s too dangerous! If it goes wrong… … !”
Arin stopped talking. As the mud soaked into the shape of Canis, which was made of liquid, it was becoming hard. Will he one day be able to gain an unshakable heart? Like the look of Sirone she looked up to with her menarche.
Canis put her hand on Harvest. As the subordination contract progressed, Harvest began to suck up what little life force was left. His eyes closed as his consciousness fell into darkness.
Away from Canis and the others, Alpheas stood sadly. He saved the students by dying, but he lost too much.
“principal.”
Ethella was of the same mind. Starting today, there will be big changes in the magic school. The students who have regained their memories will fall into confusion, and the mistake Alpheas made 40 years ago will also come to the surface.
“Ethella, I am a sinner.”
“Don’t beat yourself up too much. If even mistakes are unacceptable, human existence itself is a sin.”
Alpheas shook his head. Anyone can make mistakes. But with everything comes responsibility. Like Arcane, he had no intention of running away.
“He is the one who raised dark magic to the ranks of great magic. Harvest can be said to be an innovation in the field of memory transfer. Abyss Nova will be registered as a prescribed magic in the Magic Association.”
In front of Arcane’s corpse, Alpheas put his hands together and mourned his death.
“Arcane, the Archmage who was always a boy. The magical path you have walked will be passed on to posterity.”
Alpheas opened his eyes and looked relieved. Ethella, on the other hand, was still worried. It was an incident in which her entire school life was threatened, so it was not a problem to be dealt with within the school.
“Principal, what do you plan to do next?”
“What can I say? I am also in a position to wait for treatment. Why don’t we leave the matter of punishment to the experts and praise the hero of the day instead?”
Alpheas looked around to find Sirone. He was a boy with a knack for surprising people the more he looked. He couldn’t guarantee that even he could move 400 people at the same time.
“I’m in trouble!”
Where Sirone fell, Amy was weeping.
Feeling the unusual atmosphere, Alpheas and Ethella hurried their steps. Iruki and Nade were running from afar.
But before they even arrived, Amy shouted first.
“Sirone is not breathing!”
Meet God (1)
Syrone has spread enormously and also faded. He was permeating everything, forgetting even the lingering attachment to the world. Then some powerful force pulled him to a point. If there is more to humans than life, it is safe to call it the hijacking of the soul.
“omg! omg!”
As Sirone’s mind was reassembled, her memories before attempting the Immortal Function came back. Trembling for a moment at the fear of his death, he let out a rough breath and checked his body condition. He seemed to have no special abnormalities except that he was not wearing any clothes.
“Where are you?”
It was a space full of white. I couldn’t feel the distance in this place where the monochromatic scenery was infinitely spread out. I tried to move slowly, but I didn’t even think I was moving.
‘It’s very strange. It feels like all five senses are paralyzed.’
Sirone suddenly came up with a unique idea. As an experiment, he slowly bent his knees and stepped on the soles of his feet as if he were going up a flight of stairs. Surprisingly, his body floated.
“what?”
Sirone endlessly climbed the stairs. Pausing for a moment and looking around him, he was speechless.
“… … .”
I didn’t feel like I was up there. Wherever I moved, it was just the same white scenery as before.
“There is no distance.”
Space cannot exist if it cannot be measured. Sirone went down this time to confirm the hypothesis. The prediction was correct. No matter where it moved, it didn’t move.
When I couldn’t find the meaning to move anymore, I heard a woman’s voice.
“awesome. Do you understand the meaning of space? You deserve to be here too.”
Sirone did not look back. There was no concept of direction anyway.
“Who are you? Am I dead?”
A beautiful woman stepped out of a gap in the white landscape. When the sense of distance arose, the scenery changed in an instant. A gigantic temple he had never seen before was looking down on Sirone as if it would crush him.
“wow… … .”
It was on an unimaginable scale. Even ancient temples were not so large. Hundreds of pillars supported the ceiling, each about two kilometers tall.
“Here is… … .”
“Nice to meet you, Sirone. I was waiting for you.”
It was a woman with light blue hair that reached her ankles. Since Sirone was born, she has never seen such a beautiful woman. It wasn’t about her looks. value of existence. Her value here was absolute, just as the man she fell in love with felt that her lover was the most beautiful in her world.
“Oops!”
Sirone hurriedly covered her face. Unaware of his nakedness, he proudly exposed his body.
“Whoops. You have nothing to be ashamed of. Because this isn’t your world. Your body is still in the original world.”
The clothes were instantly put on by the woman waving her hand. Sirone stared blankly at her own figure until she finally gave up. There was only one thing that came to mind right away.
“Is this the underworld?”
“no. The underworld is not. It’s just a spot (dot) different from where you used to live.”
Sirone tilted her head. A point is one dimension without space. A point moves to become a line, a line moves to become a plane, and a plane moves to become a three-dimensional space.
“no way… … ?”
Sirone recalled the white space she had just stayed in.
“that’s right. that’s the spot. It is not that there is no space, but that it is compressed to infinity.”
According to her words, it was natural that she couldn’t feel the distance. But even though she is trapped in 1D, her own body is 3D. If she could measure the distance between her right and left arms, wouldn’t space exist?
“aha. It means that there is a third dimension in the first dimension.”
“Your insight is great, too. that’s right. That is the essence of space-time. No matter how huge the world is, it’s just a dot when you see it from a distance. Conversely, if you go inside, no matter how small a dot, an infinite world is unfolding.”
Sirone was finally able to calm down. In a world where logical conversation was possible, there was no need to be afraid, even in the afterlife.
“Then who are you?”
The woman laughed like an idiot. It felt eerie, but even that was beautiful to Sirone. Because she is the most valuable being right here.
“I am a god.”
* * *
The magic school was in a state of total chaos.
It took eight full hours just to collect Arcane’s body and send the students back to their lodgings.
The students were still lying in their rooms with their memories blocked. If the teaching staff regains their memories, the work will gain momentum, but thinking about the commotion that will happen when all the students wake up makes me nervous.
To make matters worse, Kanis and Arin, the suspects in the case, disappeared, so Nade, Iruki, and Amy were the only ones taking care of Sirone, who eventually moved to the infirmary.
In fact, the word caring didn’t fit. Sirone wasn’t breathing and his heart stopped. But he never put the word death in his mouth.
—————————————

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-990.txt
=============YYYYY=============
Karma Chain(1)
behind the world.
This place, called Hell, is as wide as the real world and has a society as organized as humans.
However, while human society was a product of reason, hell society was a product of emotion, and the system was different.
The most representative is that if the base of reality is water, the base of hell is fire.
A world where the sky is mostly covered with fiery clouds, and hot fire flowers fall instead of cold rain.
The fire that fell to the ground melted like lava and flowed into a huge river of fire.
Cities are formed along the tributaries of the rivers, where, without exception, there is a device called a purification plant.
A lava dam that adjusts the amount of fire, a soul treatment plant that controls the quality of fire, and a 24-hour hellfire simmering fire pit.
And the place in charge of all these purification facilities was the Hwa Resources Management Corporation, which boasts the highest authority in hell.
“Aaaaa!”
A shrieking sound could be heard from the office of the head of the Korea Fire Resources Management Corporation, also known as the Chemical Corporation.
It sounds painful, but between the syllables there was a feeling of pleasure.
The door opened hastily.
“president! What are you doing!”
The president, who had put both legs on the table, hurriedly crouched down and turned around.
“Aww! what!”
Chief Secretary Monoras said calmly.
“No, I came because I heard a sound.”
The president of the chemical company, Lethe, narrowed her eyes and took a cold look at the Monolas.
A pig’s head with reddish-brown skin, the worst and lowest demons with no intelligence.
‘Why is that guy… …
Are you working as the chief secretary of a chemical company?
“Sniff sniff. Sniff sniff.”
Lethe’s face contorted when Monoras sniffed the bell as if searching for something.
“What are you doing?”
“It is nothing. Hmm, ha. Hmm, ha.” I would hate to hear that blinding voice, but what annoyed me the most was the fact that he was the most shameless guy in hell.
“Monoras.”
“Yes, boss.”
Lethe snapped her fingers.
“Come over here for a minute.”
“I have to go to work now. I am busy.”
When her dull body did not budge, she quickly nodded as if she had expected it.
“okay. Okay, so come see me for a second.”
Monoras, who had been blinking his eyes, walked to the desk, giving out a hint of dislike.
“why? Even if you’re going to eat… … Before she could finish her sentence, she jumped over her desk and slapped her fist on the chin of her monolas.
“This bastard is real!”
The pig’s body flew through the wall of the president’s office and landed bluntly on the wall in the hallway.
Lethe, who ran with all her might, kicked his stomach and began to step on it with small steps.
“Didn’t I tell you not to come in? You said it over 300 million times! Are you ignoring me now?”
Every time Lethe struck, it made the same sound as kneading meat.
“Kwuik! Kkuik!”
Lette followed with strides as Monoras rolled down the hallway making a pig-picking sound.
“How many more times do you want to come to your senses? I’m the boss! okay? Answer me! Who is the boss?”
“My, I am the boss!”
“Aagh! it’s annoying!”
When Monoras’ stomach was kicked, the giant’s body hit the ceiling and fell vertically.
“ha! ha!”
Lethe caught her breath as she glared at the pig’s weeping face as she clutched her stomach.
“I am the boss! I! So for you, not me, but you… … !”
“president.”
A voice came from the end of the hallway.
A refreshing voice that does not match hell.
But this was their job.
informator.
A woman with goat-like horns on her head approached her like a cat, clutching a file folder to her chest.
“You’re still good friends.” Lethe, who was breathing heavily, looked at her monolas with her unfocused eyes and lifted her head.
“what’s the matter?”
“Ah yes. Two live births came in. Baramaon District 7, in the Tomb of the Spine. It is a different type from Jin Seong-eum’s sacrifice.”
Lette sighed as she recalled how the purification system was messed up due to the sealing of the psychic realm.
“What type is it?”
“Taegeukyo.”
“What!”
Lethe’s eyes widened.
“It’s a super-large emotional body! No no! Right now, purification facilities across the country are almost paralyzed. It cannot be purified.” The informator shrugged.
“Even if you say so… …
From the perspective of the Korea Fire & Marine Resources Management Corporation, it was a problem that had to be solved by putting all duties aside.
“damn! What a madman!”
Taegeuk refers to a phenomenon in which two concepts that refer to each other are merged into one.
Usually, it is only a temporary, one-off phenomenon, but once it came over to hell itself, it was a problem.
“I wouldn’t be able to cross the threshold of hell with some taboo. What the hell, how did you get here?”
“Well, the type of karma chain is the color realm. I reached First One with the amplification of good and evil.”
“Ugh.”
Lethe made a tired expression.
“It’s a complete mess, these things. Aside from what evil decrees, what does good accept?”
“I think it was a way to prevent evil.”
“Hmm.”
As Lethe rested her chin on her chin and thought, she heard strong snoring on the floor.
Monoras, who had fallen asleep before he knew it, was talking in his sleep.
“Hehehe, boss, it tickles me.”
The blood drained from Lethe’s face, and a few strands of hair stood up like static electricity.
“cadet! really!”
As soon as he kicked it without stopping, Monoras’ face crashed into the wall.
“Mmmm, mmmmm.”
Lethe turned away with tears in her eyes.
“That’s the chief secretary! I can’t cut it, and I can’t quit. Is there an alternative god?”
Just as Taeseong manages the resources of the real world, Lete manages the resources of the other side.
The difference was the extreme work stress from a company with no breaks or retirements.
District 7 of Baramaon.
The skeletons were piled up with their vertebrae pulled out, giving it the name ‘grave of the backbone’.
There, all deformed children roamed the tombs and sucked out the marrow.
As a race called Limbo, their fighting power was weak, but their cruelty was unrivaled.
There was no life to be found in his bony legs bent and marrow-sucking eyes.
“Aaaaaaa!”
At the roar that exploded in the air, Limbo threw bones and quickly scattered in all directions.
The space shuddered, and a man and a woman hugging each other fell onto the tomb.
“Keugh!”
Chagall’s expression crumpled as Etella groaned, stabbed by a sharp bone.
“Whoa. Whoa.”
When I came to my senses and looked around, I found that I had fallen into a place completely different from reality.
“Where are you?”
“maybe… … It must be hell.”
When I turned my head again, Etella, who was still lying down, spoke calmly.
“Because this is the only place you will go.”
“Kick!”
Chagall shook his shoulders and laughed.
“Ha ha ha! Was this after all? Did you forgive me or what to bring me to hell?”
“Are you disappointed?”
Laughter broke out and stopped.
“no.”
Rapid-fire swords rained down like hailstones, and Chagall grabbed one of them.
“You must be disappointed. Falling into hell because of someone like me. But what should I do? From now on, what you will experience is me, not hell.”
Chagall’s tongue licked the blade.
“Since you’re already dead, you can’t die again, can you? isn’t it? Shall we try an experiment?”
A rapid-fire sword was embedded in Etella’s shoulder.
“Huh!”
At the same time, Chagall, who felt the pain of a knife stabbed into his shoulder, instinctively backed away.
“damn! what!”
Ethella raised her upper body and examined her chest with a surprised expression.
“This??????
A chain that started from the side of the heart pierced through Chagall’s clothes and was connected to the chest.
“damn! annoying.”
As Chagall pulled the chain, Ethella was overcome with a shock that drained her soul.
“Huh!”
Ethella crawled forward, and Chagall, shocked by the same shock, sat down.
Both of them thought the same thing.
“It is connected.”
Chagall, who thought he needed more information, stabbed himself in the thigh with a rapid-fire sword.
“Kuh! What are you doing!”
Ethella grabbed her knees and lost her temper, but this made it clear.
“Hmm.”
You have to take the lead.
Chagall pulled the chain again, but this time Ethella responded in the same way.
Clap!
The moment the chains were pulled tight, both of them shivered as if they had been electrocuted.
“Big!”
While I crouched down and waited for the pain to subside, my thoughts were somewhat organized.
“I got dirty. Are these my sins?”
When she turned her head, Ethella was also looking at Chagall with a dejected expression.
‘do! do!’
The scenery of reality disappeared, and Rian saw that everything in his field of vision was dyed red.
At that moment, the burning pain disappeared.
“Huh uh uh uh!”
I felt the extreme emotions quickly cool down, but nothing happened to return to reality.
In a sense… … It is dead.
“That is it.”
Lian checked the surroundings while holding the handle to see if <Idea> was well.
There were hungry ghosts all over the place, and they were eating stones like crazy as if they couldn’t stand being hungry.
“Khehe! Khehe!”
The stone caught in his throat was coughing, but when he found Lian, he stopped breathing. Thousands of anglers who smelled the raw flesh were looking this way.
The sulfur smell was disgusting and the air was hot, but at least not as much as burning.
“Shall we loosen up a bit?”
Looking back at the ghosts who were already narrowing the distance, Lian pulled out a great sword.
“Keeeee! It’s meat! meat!”
Spouting incomprehensible words, hungry ghosts gathered from all directions like water filling up.
The moment when Lian, who had confidently stepped forward, was about to swing the great sword horizontally.
“Kuk!”
My heart felt as if it were burning, and the strength of my whole body began to drain rapidly.
‘ what?’
Lian, who rolled on the floor to avoid the attack, examined his chest with his great sword forward.
The frame was pierced through the body.
Small chains were endlessly wrapped around the floating red stone instead of a heart.
‘Is it because of this?’
When I gave strength in that state, the speed of winding the chain became extremely fast and caught fire.
“Huh!”
Feeling the burning pain, Lian frowned, and the demons clapped.
“Gehenna! Gehenna!”
I didn’t know what it meant, but I guessed it roughly.
‘Right. The lights are not off. The fire of reality is applied differently here.’
That’s probably Gehenna.
“It doesn’t matter.”
Lian raised an eyebrow and stood up.
“Come on.”
The demons gathered again, and regardless of the pain, Lian swung his sword freely.
The weak demons were not opponents, but the fire in their chest grew hotter as they moved their bodies.
Smoke rose from Ryan’s mouth.
“Huh!”
The hungry ghosts realized that the opponent was strong, but did not give up and took their time.
A chain slipped from Lian’s chest and at one point anchored him to the ground.
Rian, who rushed in without noticing, knelt down with his upper body bent by the force of the pull.
“Keugh!”
There was no power.
As if they had already expected it, the demons burst into screams and attacked Lian at the same time.
“It’s meat! I will eat!”
The moment the demons hammered their sharp teeth, Lian clenched his teeth and stood up.
“Something like fire… …
The chains nailed to the ground were pulled taut and red hot as if they had been heated.
“Gehenna! Gehen… …
The hungry ghosts, who had stopped their actions, looked around.
The earth turned into lava and swayed, and the bodies of the comrades were flowing like porridge.
“How can Gehenna… … !”
divine transcendence.
As Lian advanced, the heated chains broke free, scorching the atmosphere.
“Hee! Gee, hell fire!”
The ghosts started to develop, and demons in a pure state flowed into the heart along the chains.
“Huh!”
At the same time, thick smoke began to pour out of Lian’s mouth as if his lungs were on fire.

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-991.txt
=============YYYYY=============
Karma Chain(2)
Is this what it feels like to become a bomb?
As things that were not his own filled up exponentially, Lian clenched his teeth.
“Big!”
It wasn’t until hot smoke billowed out from between my teeth that I realized I couldn’t stand it.
Regardless of the pressure, demonic energy was rising through the chains of Gehenna.
“Aaaaaaa!” With her upper body wide open, Lian vented the irritating pressure outward.
Kurrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr
With him as the center, hot steam spread along the ground while eating reverse rotation.
“ha! ha!”
He exhaled heavily, but didn’t feel particularly tired.
I heard Sirone’s voice.
“Gehenna.”
When Rian slowly raised her head, Sirone was walking over the horizon.
“Sirone, what is this?”
“A fire that never goes out. aka g
It’s called jade fire. In fact, this is a phenomenon that cannot happen to a living God.”
Sirone looked around and said.
“Usually, it burns in hellfire and becomes the origin of demons. But you endlessly regenerated your body in real life. That’s why it became Gehenna, the living hellfire.”
“Are you saying I have to keep wearing this?”
“Even if you fell into hell, your mind is still tied to reality. It’s because it’s a living body. It is called karma, and the chains tied to the heart represent the lingering regrets in reality. If you purify that karma, the chains will disappear, but
“I am going to die.”
Sirone nodded.
“huh. A complete annihilation. The body has already disappeared, but the soul is also evaporating.”
“okay. But how do you purify?”
“Hmm, in my memory…
Sirone recalled Omega’s records.
“The other side of the world is the realm of emotions, so I don’t know exactly. I have only experienced it indirectly by following the movement of atoms, that is, the record of birth and death. When Guffin met Lucifer, a voice was heard from the sky.”
” sky?”
Lian, who looked up at the sky full of flames, exclaimed in a loud voice.
“hey! Say something!”
Whoa!
The sky was just spitting out angry flames.
When the red light came on, the informator fidgeted and twisted his back.
“What do we do! What do we do!”
Basically, at least one informator is always attached to the person subject to purification.
It was a world overflowing with labor, and most of them had nothing to do.
“I broke the karma chain by myself.” As far as she knew, this was impossible, especially if she was in hell-fired Gehenna.
beep! beep!
The buzzer rang every time Lian shouted, but he didn’t have the courage to respond.
“I have to tell you about the purification time… …
The time of the photon field is used as a measure of the magnitude of emotions in the underworld.
In other words, the greater the pain, the faster time passes, and the weaker the pain, the slower it passes.
“But why?”
Is it not measurable?
The signal that emerged from the blood in the hemispherical bowl was the phrase ‘impossible to measure’.
It was the first time in my life, and I didn’t even know that these signs could appear.
“president!”
In the end, Informator, ignoring the red light of the beacon, went straight to find Lethe.
“what?” Lethe raised one eyebrow.
“Impossible, what do you mean? No being can receive such a signal.”
“Because there really was such a signal.”
Seeing the informator’s unhappy expression, Lethe buried her elbow on the desk and touched her head.
“The chains of Gehenna… …
The Hwa Resources Management Corporation is rusting in hell, but it is an independent institution.
As a group faithful to the original purpose of being behind the scenes, only the purification of demons was the main task.
“Are you a weird guy?”
It’s a bland reaction, but in fact, there was no other way to explain it other than that.
“Not even Satan can go against Gehenna. He too was born in Hellfire. In short, it’s a system failure.”
“What should I do? You can’t honestly say that it’s not measurable. The beacon keeps ringing… …
“Don’t make a fuss. It’s a simple error. The Karma Chain does not in any way bind the Purified to Hell. That it was just cut off for a while. It will reconnect.”
“And what if I hang up again? It is dangerous for a living body to roam freely.
You can come to the chemical company.” Lethe, her eyes widened, went outside the door.
“Monoras, come in.”
I waited 10 seconds after that, but I couldn’t even hear footsteps in the hallway.
“ha.”
She bowed her head deeply, hesitated for a moment, then opened her lips and let out an excited sound.
“Ahhh… …
With a bang the door opened.
“president! what’s going on… … !”
Monoras entered with his eyes wide open and saw a completely different scene from what he expected.
The informator was looking back, and Lethe’s cold eyes were open in front of the desk.
A long silence passed.
“Hmm.”
Monoras licked his lips and, without saying a word, turned and headed for the door.
“hey!”
Lethe hit the desk and stood up.
“I called you! Please do some work! Just looking at you makes me a thousand years old!”
Monoras asked in an amused tone.
“What is it?”
It was known from the beginning of the birth of the Underworld that it was not worth using a bad basket.
“Go on a business trip. There’s a problem with the purification system right now, so we’ll have to call in an expert. The city of magic engineering, Laviette. Tell the Grand Duke to come this way.”
When Monoras was about to leave the room without a word of understanding, Lethe spoke quickly.
“Don’t take bribes. okay?”
“yes.”
“Don’t even accept entertainment. Don’t hit the demons, don’t bully the residents, and don’t use power. No, no.”
Lethe waved her hand.
“Just do it. It’s okay to do everything, so please do your job properly. Don’t leak anywhere else. huh?”
“Do not worry. Who am I’?”
Who are you?
Monoras, who turned around in front of the door, gave a wink with a nice smile.
“This is Monoras, the chief secretary of the chemical company.”
Lethe, who had been staring blankly with her mouth open, sat down in her chair.
“… … I will really go crazy.” Long after noon, Sirone and Amy arrived in the southern part of Tormia Kingdom.
The damage to the demons was not so great, but the aftermath of the emotional disease spread to this place.
As screams could be heard from door to door, Amy pointed the way to the noble quarters.
“As far as I remember, that building is right.”
It was so gigantic that it was comparable to the Karmis family’s mansion.
Sirone confirmed the surname ‘Cross’ engraved on the nameplate.
“Kayden.”
Amy nodded.
“I will be at my hometown. I checked the formation of the Valkyrie unit just in case, but they didn’t enlist.”
“Do you still like Maya?”
“So you must be stuck. If you like it that much, why don’t you confess? I’m going to die of boredom.”
“But Caden… …
“Yes, I was destined for the Red Cross. The ability to use your 100% potential in everything else, even though what you really want never comes true. At the time, I thought it was absurd, but… …
Now that I have approached the truth of the world, I can fully understand Cayden’s feelings.
“The fate of reaching the limit of the law at the cost of giving up the heart. Perhaps that is the mechanism, the Red Cross.”
“That’s why I asked you. If it’s a miracle stream, maybe there’s a way. If Cayden joins, it will be of great help to mankind’s power.”
Sirone also had no objection to that.
“Okay, let’s go in.”
There was a knock on the door from outside, but neither the guard nor the butler came to meet him.
Since he was one of the best families in the kingdom, he must have been able to control his emotional illness well, but he was still struggling.
“Who are you?”
Just as I was thinking about getting over the fence, a man in a martial uniform walked over from the garden.
He was Caden’s father.
“hello. This is Amy. Karmis Amy.”
Cayden’s father, who had been watching her, rather looked at Sirone and his eyes lit up.
“Is it Yahweh?”
“hello. I want to meet Cayden.”
The door opened, and Caden’s father walked into the mansion with his hands behind his back.
“I knew someone would come. Unless my son is really an idiot. come in.”
The mansion was cold and even the air was cold.
The reason why I couldn’t blame the emotional illness was because I felt the chill that had lasted for a very long time.
“It has been a long time since we spoke. Did you say Fisho, he hasn’t come out of the basement since he went to the funeral.”
Father knocked on the iron door.
“Kaden, your friends are here.” He didn’t hear an answer, so he sighed and went up the stairs.
“From now on, take care of yourself. maybe dead It’s a pity. The family genius… …
There was a sense of loss in his voice that he couldn’t do anything until the world was destroyed.
When her father left, Sirone made eye contact with Amy and knocked on the door again.
“Kaden, I am Sirone. Amy is here too. Can I talk to you for a second?”
“??????go back.”
It was a sound I couldn’t hear without putting my ears to it, but it was definitely Kayden’s voice.
said Amy.
“I will be back soon. I have something to tell you about Maya.”
I tried throwing a bait, but there was no response until 5 minutes had passed since then.
“Sirone, let’s open it.”
Amy pointed to the doorknob.
“Can you open it? open it.”
“Coercive methods do not help persuasion. If Cayden doesn’t want to… …
“There is no reaction even after hearing the word Maya. If you’re stuck inside yourself, it doesn’t matter one way or another. Someone has to go in and get them out.”
It made sense, so Sirone cast Miracle Stream on the doorknob.
Quietly, as the lock unlocked and the door opened, the sound of a pen brushing paper quickly was heard.
“No, this is not it!”
At the dark desk, Cayden was drawing with a single light.
“… … oh my god.”
Seeing the room covered with Mayan paintings, Amy gave goosebumps.
“Not even this!” Cayden threw the paper he was drawing on to the floor and pulled out a new one.
At first, I thought it was a failure, but when Sirone entered and checked it, it was the perfect Maya face.
‘The technique is very strange. How did you… …
Sirone looked back at Cayden and stopped thinking.
“Huh. uh huh.”
Can you call that a painting?
Cayden was just drawing his pen from left to right at breakneck speed.
‘It’s just a straight line.’ However, when the lines continued to be added and became planes, a picture of perfect intaglio was born.
“no! This is not it!”
Cayden threw away the paper again and this time held a pen in each of his right and left hands.
The feast of lines created by moving both hands at the same time was drawing a new Maya.
“shit! why! why!”
Cayden, who threw the finished painting away on the floor, clutched his head and wept.
“Why can’t I draw Maya?”
Sirone watched him with sad eyes.
did
‘Technically, there is no problem. No, it has already transcended human limits. but… …
In Caden’s eyes, she would not be Maya.
‘Because I love her.’
No painting can contain the essence of a woman named Maya.
“Kayden.”
Sirone put his hand on Caden’s shoulder.
“Go to Maya. She’s in a dangerous place right now. She might die.”
“… … I can’t.”
Caden said with a desperate look on his face.
“I can’t draw Maya. If you can’t draw, you can’t protect it. I won’t.”
Amy finally realized why Cayden had been drawing like crazy.
“Maya is now… …
Sirone keeps quiet about the simultaneous incident, but this time he conveyed the information.
“It’s as bad as you.”
Caden’s gaze first turned to Sirone.

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-992.txt
=============YYYYY=============
Karma Chain(3)
Galliante Island.
When the Ultima System Extraction Team arrived at Mount Toa, Kergo Chief Mahatu came out to meet them.
“Welcome, Mr. Sirone.”
“yes. How are you? I’m sorry to say this as soon as I arrive, but I’ll take care of you for a while.”
“Thank you. It is the glory of Kergo.”
Mahatu went down underground and led them to a mysterious temple.
It was a scene familiar to Miro and Gaold.
“The Kergo tribe. It’s a fortress, but… … Will it be safe?”
To Sein’s concern, Mahatu said.
“There is a separate shelter underground. My direct subordinates will take turns guarding it 24 hours a day.”
Because they have to go through Dremo, the team members have no choice but to fall asleep defenseless.
It was the reason Sirone set up a base on the island.
‘While sleeping, activity is impossible. I want to avoid overlapping simultaneous events.’
Mahatu emphasized again.
“Please leave it to me. I will risk Kergo’s honor and my life to protect you.”
Arius said while crawling on the ground.
“The dreamer can penetrate the dream. Through Drimo, you will enter Ymir’s REM area, the 6th level of depth. But getting out is another matter. I can’t install the door.”
Divers inject keywords into objects and use them to install doors.
“This is absolutely magic. Keywords cannot be injected into Ymir outside the galaxy. Even if he did, he would die instantly.”
Miro asked.
“Then how do we get out?”
“If you really intend to come back alive, I would like to tell you to stop now.”
“Answer me.”
Arius fell forward as Miro kicked him in the butt, landing his chin on the floor.
“It comes from the deep sea. Falling from Ymir’s Dream to Drimo again. But the reason it’s quite difficult is, once you get to the depths, the upper levels become a complete mayhem. Because the core of the self has been attacked.”
Gangnan rested his chin.
“Battle is unavoidable. In other words, you mean we have to break through the Egoists, right?”
“Puhahaha!”
Arius burst into laughter and quickly coughed.
“sorry. It’s so absurd. Think about it anyway. Even in the current room, Ymir is the strongest. But now we are entering the world where Ymir is the master.” The atmosphere got heavy. “I have no intention of giving you despair. Our team also has Mr. Polar, Fraternity, and Autumn de. What I want to say is, the choice to fight and win must be made before death. Once you enter Ymir’s mind, a lot of information will come to you. I’ll try to find a way out somehow.”
The moment Arius’ explanation ended, the group entered a bunker deep inside Mount Toa.
There was a bed prepared in advance, and several days worth of food and water were piled up in a corner.
Mahatu said.
“Once you shut the door, no one could open it until you gave a signal, forever. Even after 100 years, this gate will be guarded by Kergo’s descendants.”
It was a grandiose statement, but no one knew what would happen.
“thank you. I’ll be back.”
After Sirone’s greeting, Mahatu closed the door, and complete darkness came.
Sirone, who cast lighting magic, pointed to the bed.
“Let’s start. It would be better to come up with a specific strategy by entering Ymir’s mind first.”
As the six occupied the bed one by one, Arius cast a sleep spell.
Sirone slowly opened her eyes.
It was inside a cabin that seemed abandoned a long time ago, and moonlight was seeping through the walls.
As I focused my senses with lucid dreaming, I felt myself sitting on a chair in the center of the cabin.
A cold wind, the smell of old dust.
A skinny girl in a white rag was walking around the cabin with her hair covering her face.
‘It’s a nightmare.’
You will probably have to be locked in a hut with an unknown girl until the end of this section.
A normal person would have been crushed by the scissors, but Sirone calmly opened her mouth.
“Mong.”
Louver’s satellite and dream designer.
“I don’t have time to play around.”
The door to the cabin creaked open and a pale-faced, goofy-eyed boy entered.
“sorry. But it’s no joke. The fastest way to use nightmares
Because it is.”
Sirone and Mong-a followed the girl passing between them and turned their gazes.
“what does it mean?”
“It doesn’t make any sense. That’s the hallmark of nightmares. In short, it just needs to be terrible.”
Mong-a grabbed the girl’s wrist and lifted her dark hair covering her face.
A distorted face appeared as if it had melted in the heat.
“Nightmares deal with negative energy. Events unfold in a way you never want to experience. In reality, everyone wants a girl to have a pretty face, and they probably do too… …
“Behind it, there is a psychology that fears the worst is about to happen.”
“That’s right. The reason this is important is because the dreamer intends to inject Ymir with nightmares. Even if you are the owner of a dream, if you are surrounded by negative energies, everything will attack Ymir. Then we can save the mobility of our team.”
Sirone blinked and was lost in thought.
“I know it works, but… … Is there really a situation where this Mir feels fear?”
“I don’t know. However, since it is using the inner energy, the possibility is not completely absent. In fact, what worries me more is when the nightmare actually unfolds.”
It must have been on a different level from the nightmares of ordinary people.
“Let’s leave at once. By now, the others must have followed the nightmare.”
Sirone got up from her chair and looked back at the girl before going out the door.
Sirone, who was staring at her barefoot, slowly lifted her hair.
A pretty face appeared.
When the girl smiled, revealing her white teeth, Sirone smiled and stroked her hair.
“everything will be alright.”
At the end of the wasteland sucking in the moonlight, Maze and the others were waiting.
10 kingdoms of the archipelago.
Most of the island was submerged as the tsunami caused by the earthquake in Gamagin, the commander of the corps, caused a tidal wave.
Sirone, on board a sailboat carrying refugees, looked at the sea from the deck.
‘The Kingdom of Dionas.’
Although it is the least damaged country, it would take several months to cross the windless zone.
“Messiah.”
Poine, the poisonous dragon, approached Sirone.
“According to Kaios, the tectonic plates are constantly shaking. If a tsunami occurs, people on the boat will not be safe.”
“It is not a one-off. It’s serious.” Demon world is another poem planted in reality
Because it’s stem, it was impossible to block it
‘As long as the purification of hell does not end… …
While Sirone was in trouble, the crew carried blankets and food to the deck.
“Now, take turns! Since supplies are limited, we will distribute only the quantity. If we do, we don’t know how we will change!”
The reason for threatening them is probably because they know how cruel it is to survive in an isolated sea.
“… … I will eat.”
One by one, the people who came alive in their exhausted eyes headed for supplies.
started to gather.
“Back off!”
At that time, the stalwart knight pulled out his sword.
“Where is the commoner going to lay his hand! According to the laws of the kingdom, Minister Desika will cook first.”
People’s eyes turned to one place.
Decica, the interior minister of Rosarion Kingdom, was taking a break with a cold expression.
“Move! I mean Vicky!”
The knight who defeated the people brought a thick blanket and plenty of food and presented them to the minister.
The expressions of the sailors who watched the scene became grim, but they could not handle the article of the Home Secretary.
“There will be problems. The bread taken by a skinny human like that anchovy is one-fifth of the total.”
Because there was not enough time to load supplies, the amount of food per person went far short of one meal.
“At least you have to eat your fill. Well, since it’s a creature, it’s only natural.”
In Poine’s eye smile, there was condensation of unapproachable miasma.
“What would you like to do? If you give only one name, this old man will give you a sharp admonition…
“Let’s go.”
Poine tilted her head.
“yes?”
“We should get it too, bread and water.”
Sirone, who waited at the end of the line, was able to pack supplies on her turn.
As expected, bread was scarce, and all they got was half a bucket of water and a shabby blanket.
Those who couldn’t eat were angry, but the knight’s sword was still more frightening than hunger.
Poine sat down next to Sirone.
“Messiah must have a lot of troubles too. In my opinion, ‘extraction’ is also fine.”
One way would be to remove factors hindering integration.
Sirone said.
“Desica is not fair. However, in order to extract, a more fundamental standard is needed. If everyone in this seat becomes Decica, what other actions can be taken? Because principles and principles alone do not unite human beings.”
“What matters is the heart… …
Poine spared his words, but the light in his slender eyes became even more terrifying.
“Drink slowly.”
When Sirone looked away, the girl was drinking all the water for the day.
“Oops. It looks like you drank seawater. It is an unbearable pain for children.”
As expected, the child who licked the last drop cried out, as if it hadn’t sunk.
“Mom, I’m thirsty! I will die of thirst!”
Although the mother could not even touch the water, her child’s pain burned her even more.
“Water, water… …
As people’s eyes turned to the minister, Desicca turned her head away.
‘No water. It is said that the knights can find food, but water is life in the sea.’
Then Sirone beckoned and called.
“Baby, come here.”
When the child who saw the water ran to it as if possessed, Sirone handed him an open water bottle.
“Drink this.”
The child raised his head and emptied the water in an instant.
“Are you okay now?”
“??????yes.”
As the child bowed his head in disdain, Poine held his water bottle and said,
“Take this to your mother. Instead, you should drink sparingly from now on. got it?”
The child hesitated, but eventually accepted the reality without turning away from the pain of the family.
“thank you.”
A heavy silence fell on the deck.
The man on the other side jumped up as if he had made up his mind, approached Sirone, and offered him water.
“ruler. Take a sip.”
The man who received Sirone’s gaze scratched the bridge of his nose with an embarrassed expression.
“I can’t give you everything, but we should help each other and live. drink. Because there is no need to be burdened.”
As if a wall had been demolished, people were finally able to see who was around them.
“excuse me… … Let’s eat this together.”
A small loaf of bread was split in half and divided into the hands of those who had not been fed.
“grandma.”
A young man handed Poine a bucket of water.
“Take this. You’re older, but if you don’t drink even one sip, you can’t stand it in broad daylight.”
The gaze of the venomous dragon, said to be the cruelest among the 12 apostles, pierced the bucket.
Water is just a drop to a dragon.
However, her smile had a different warm energy than before.
“Thank you, young man.”
Taking a sip of lukewarm water, Poine turned his gaze to Desicca.
‘Criteria for extraction.’
The Messiah’s words finally made sense.

=============ZZZZZ=============
