=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-994.txt
=============YYYYY=============
Karma Chain (5)
Ethella saw hundreds of chains extending from the heart of the voice, connected in all directions.
Although he did not know the details of the underworld, the chain was telling his identity.
‘Genuine sound.’
A woman who sealed the psychic realm for the sake of mankind.
It was clear that he had entered the state of a living body, and how he felt could be seen by comparing the chains connected to him and Chagall.
“you are… … Is it a true voice?”
Ethella took a step closer and asked.
“Oooh…
The voice shuddered, and chains slid from the end of the Valley of Wailing.
A force rushed towards her from all sides.
_Ah ah ah ah ah!
I never made a sound with my mouth, but the cry of my soul was carried on the wind.
“You’re annoying.”
Chagall kept his eyes on the voice with the rapid-fire sword in his hand.
I wasn’t interested in who she was, but it was natural for me to think more about the chain.
“Oh, don’t come… …
A muddy, hoarse voice escaped from the mouth of the voice wrapped in chains.
Ethella said.
“Take it easy. I too, guardian of goodness, will not leave your suffering unattended.”
Clack, clap!
Seongeum, who struggled for a moment, shook his head.
“Sirone.”
“Sirone?”
Etela’s eyebrows rose, and Seongeum swayed and looked down.
“Tell Sirone my words. never come here go back.”
“I don’t know what you mean. Where the hell is this? And what about the chain? Why can’t Sirone come here’?”
When the second wave of pain was delivered, Seongeum spread her limbs and raised her head.
-Ah ah ah ah ah!
Hearing the screams of the one called the Steel Lady was a horror in itself.
said the voice.
“This is the Valley of Wailing. The river of the source where the devil of reality flows and the fire of hell flows. but i dried it Instead, it ended up like this.”
Ethella looked around.
If hellfire had flowed here, it would have been unapproachably hot.
The voice spoke.
“I don’t know what happened to you, but the chains represent human karma, real attachments. Chains are hell And those who entered hell in a living state are imprisoned here and made to suffer forever. Until it is purified.”
Etella examined her chains.
“But I, no, we are not bound to Hell. They are connected to each other.”
“I don’t know why. But maybe… … Maybe it means you two are hell for each other.”
While Ethella was lost in thought, Chagall snorted and walked out.
“gibberish. I don’t know if it’s this woman, but these other chains can’t give me any pain. Well, it’s a little annoying, but at this level, hell is a good place to live, right?”
Seong-eum had no expression, but for a moment she looked at Chagall with a pitiful look.
“All is well, wicked man. There is anguish because there is obsession. There is no one who can avoid suffering here. You will end up cursing that chain. You will shed bloody tears like all flesh and blood gods, including me.”
Waves of pain rushed in several times while he was speaking, but the vocal voice was silent for a moment.
‘It’s superhuman mental strength.’
Right now, I don’t know what the chains connected to him and Chagall mean, but at least Seong-eum needed to be released as quickly as possible.
“Is there anything I can do to help?”
“go back.”
The voice repeated the same words.
“There is no way out of the karma chain. no one can quit No, you can’t cut it. Ruin will happen in the real world. Tell Sirone to go back.”
“I can’t.”
If Sirone really came to the Underworld, she would definitely have some possibility.
“I will set you free. wait for me. I will find a way somehow.”
Voice was no more.
Falling into hell and suffering was all she did, but she felt something in the process.
‘Maybe this is also natural?’
Seong-eum, who was watching the karma chain connected between the two of them, said.
“You are free to do anything. but keep in mind This place… … That this is not a place where you are left to care about the suffering of others. One day your karma chain will bind you.”
“We will overcome.”
Just like the voice does.
Ethella turned around and looked up at the Valley of Weeping.
“Let’s go. The first step is to get out of here and get information.”
Chagall laughed.
“Do you think I will let that happen? First of all, I don’t care what happens to that woman. and… … If it’s what you want, I won’t do anything.”
Ethella opened her cold eyes for the first time and glared at Chagall’s face.
It was the look of hatred and resentment that I couldn’t see even after countless battles in reality.
Perhaps it was Etela’s personal feelings, not the spokesperson for good.
“You are not the only one who can restrain me. I can redeem you too. If I want to see who wins, I will.”
Chagall kept her mouth shut.
Of course, I wasn’t scared, but looking at Etella’s eyes, I felt an inexplicable anxiety.
‘What is this?’
A stimulus that made a corner of the heart flinch along the karma chain was transmitted.
It was similar to the emotion that completely changed his life in the real world.
‘Tia.’
Now, the face of a woman who doesn’t even know if it’s real or not comes to mind.
“Quack.”
Chagall shrugged.
“Okay, there’s nothing to do, so let’s go. But remember. I will never see you smile.”
Ethella put on a hateful expression again, but was satisfied with this and went to the wall.
The two people, tied to Taegeuk’s chains, began to climb the rock wall.
“Keugh!”
Lian, who was moving her steps, stopped abruptly.
Because again the chains of Gehenna ricocheted out of his heart and pierced him into the ground.
“Huh!”
When I tried to break it with the power of divine transcendence, the second and third chains came out.
“Rian.”
When Sirone turned around, Rian, who felt impatience in his gaze, put more effort into it.
The three chains broke with a clank, and the source of the devil seeped into his body.
“Huh!”
” are you okay?”
Lian nodded.
“I just got used to it. I knew the trick. But, this is really inconvenient. They come out without even trying.”
“Perhaps it is impossible to move in hell while incarnated. You must be a special case.”
Is this really an unusual case?
‘Lian’s chain burns hellfire.’ As I guessed, it could have been an error shaking the foundations of the system behind the scenes.
‘According to Guffin’s experience, there must have been an upper class in addition to Satan’s army in the Underworld.’
If so, there was a high possibility that they were keeping an eye on them.
‘Eventually some movement will be revealed. I need to find something like a city in it.’
Although the psychic realm is sealed, demons from the real world are endlessly flowing into the other side world.
No, now that the Pandemonium has been opened, Hell must have been saturated with unprecedented visitors.
‘Even if all the fires of hell were extinguished, the world itself would not be purified.
no.’
What Sirone was aiming for was to meet the person who manages the hell system.
“Let’s go, Sirone.”
Lian, who did not want to cause concern, moved first, and Sirone followed without a sound.
The reason why I wasn’t so lonely even after falling into hell was probably because Lian was by my side.
As I climbed to the top of the sheer mountain peak, I heard a strangely huge scream that I had never heard before.
“That one?”
Countless humans were walking towards the place where the huge river of fire flowed.
The reason they couldn’t escape was because there were countless hungry ghosts around them.
“That’s a huge number.”
There were so many hungry ghosts that the army of hell that invaded reality was not even the number.
“Aww! Aww!”
Devils attacked and ate humans from all sides, and those at the forefront were being whipped by masked demons and drowned in the river of fire.
“Those bastards!” Rian grabbed the big sword, but Sirone opened her mouth with a calm expression.
“calm down. I am not a human living in reality. It’s just that the emotions at the moment of death are embodied in human form.”
“but… … You are suffering.” Ryan doesn’t know what’s difficult.
“If the chains represent the attachments of this world, then they don’t have chains. Emotions have entered the other world, but the mind must have already gone elsewhere.”
“By other places, do you mean the outside world?”
“… … anywhere. Because no one knows What I’m trying to say is, I’m not really a referee. It is a system in which the emotions of reality flow into the other world and are purified.”
“It’s a cold world.”
If there is no salvation or hell in the first place.
The two of them quickly descended the peak to a place where there was a procession of people.
Everyone was naked, and demons watching for an opportunity were attacking people.
“Aaaaaa! help me!”
When an anglerfish brought a human, dozens of them rushed around it and ripped off the flesh.
A demon wearing a mask wields a whip
drove away the demons.
“Go away! Do you know how scarce the resources are right now? Anyway, it’s a problem everywhere.”
Sirone read the letters written on the armbands on their forearms with Ultima.
‘Fire Resources Management Corporation.’
While moving among the crowds, countless people were eaten by hungry ghosts.
“scared. scared.”
The woman walking beside her turned to Lian.
“Where are we going? Will it disappear like this? No, I don’t want to disappear.”
I know it’s a system. But even if it was a lie, Lian couldn’t turn a blind eye to those who were suffering.
“Sirone, I don’t quite understand.”
Sirone nodded.
“okay.”
And that would be the reason humans have to fight in this cold world.
“How can I save them?”
“Hell fire.”
Sirone pointed forward.
“You can get rid of the river of fire. But even with Yahweh’s light, it’s hard to get rid of all that… …
“Hey, you two there.”
An employee of the chemical company noticed the strangeness and approached.
“What are you guys?”
The biggest proof was that Sirone and Lian didn’t feel fear.
“Why are you here? It’s not a place for you guys to be. Get lost in the original world.”
At that moment, several chains protruded from Lian’s heart and pinned him to the ground.
The surprised employee of the chemical company watched without a word and then slowly raised his head.
“Gehenna. no way… …
The Chemical Corporation had already issued instructions for those who had broken the chains of Gehenna.
“Kill! It’s this guy!”
The procession became a mess, and the staff as well as the ghosts rushed at Lian.
“I will stop. Eliminate the fires of hell.”
Sirone stepped forward and radiated the light of Yahweh, and the demons burned in an instant.
Meanwhile, Lian broke her chains and ran into the river of fire.
‘Can I do it?’
Without time to figure out a way out, he jumped into the river before the chains went in.
“No, no!”
The fireman shouted, but Lian’s body had already fallen into the fire.
“Aaaaaaa!”
Hundreds of chains sprang from Lian’s heart and began to suck in the hellfire.
“Uh-oh… …
In a situation unprecedented in the world behind the scenes, the staff stopped fighting and watched the scene.
A violent foam rose in the middle of the river, which after a while retroactively calmed down.
“Rian… …
Sirone looked back with a nervous expression, and the worker at the chemical company smiled faintly.
“That’s right, where the fires of hell quaaaaaaagh!
A single flash of light pierced the flames and soared into the sky.
The great jigsaw <idea> linked to the chain gushed endlessly and pierced a huge hole in the cloud of fire.
Along the chain, a planetary scale of flame twisted like a twist and ascended to heaven, and a river of fire began to reveal its bottom.
Sirone, the staff, the hungry ghosts and the humans all stopped moving in a state of fascination.
“Aaaaaaa!”
Lian, who was extending a chain from his heart, was roaring with his limbs wide open.

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-995.txt
=============YYYYY=============
Tomb of the Gods (1)
Drimo.
Seekers around the world, including Sirone, now understood dreams.
“Dremo is a system that processes logical and illogical signals.”
Sirone said.
“Therefore, signals from the real world and the other world come in at the same time. This is why dreams are contradictory when you wake up.”
Miro added.
“It’s not really a contradiction. It is perfectly logical, at least in dreams.”
Sein agreed.
“That’s what makes hidden codes so scary. Things that can only be dreamed of happen in reality.”
Even now, thinking about Shi-ok made my teeth clench.
‘I’m still in the labyrinth… …
To the extent that not being able to choose her at the time of the 20 judges is the biggest regret of my life.
Of course, I had no intention of hurting Gaold.
‘I don’t deserve it’
Old Ga is the only one who is qualified to love Miro, and that’s why Miro’s heart also had a crack.
‘but… …
What you like is what you like.
Sein, who was looking at Miro’s face, met Kangnan’s gaze.
We both knew what each other was thinking, but in the end, we didn’t show it and looked away.
“by the way.”
Gaold looked up and said.
“Certainly not a place to go sober.”
Aaaaaaang!
A monster-like roar was coming from all around the machines turning.
“This is the heart of Dremo.”
The world called somnambulism was spreading frantically before the eyes of Sirone and the others.
Gangnan opened his mouth.
“oh my god… …
No madman’s head seemed like this.
Mysterious structures were repeatedly assembled and dismantled, and among them were ancient artifacts from Sirone’s planet.
Abstract and Impressionist paintings, sound waves exploding like firecrackers, unknown mathematical formulas.
Louver said.
“The process by which illogical emotions are expressed as rational symbols is phenomenal. That is why some people call dreams a source of inspiration.”
Arius, who had robbed countless minds, could only spit out praise this time.
“Awesome. The common sense we know is overturned, and concepts belonging to completely different categories are combined without difficulty.”
Mongah said proudly.
“In dreams, all concepts go through a mysterious combination. There, logic and non-logic are distinguished. When you wake up from the dream, only the logical part remains. This is very important. If illogical code comes up in reality… …
“Because the world is changing.”
Sirone said.
“It is the human mind that defines the world. Therefore, if you perceive the world based on illogical criteria, the world itself will eventually become distorted.”
Sein asked.
“Eating out?”
Mongah nodded.
“yes. But is it rather a small part in that it uses equivalent exchange?”
Louver took the word.
“There are cases where concepts are artificially manipulated. A representative example of this is <Objet>.”
“ah??????
“Concepts that should not have come out to the world of logic are implemented using the expedients of the system. People who do such things are called grave robbers, right?”
When Louver looked away, Arius shrugged.
“Ha, but not all objects that exist in the world are the work of grave robbers, right? <Idea> that Mr. Lian has is also a representative example of self-expression.”
“If you are a user with faith, the system cannot do anything about it. But rules are meant to be followed. The reason I didn’t enter your dream and punish you is because of the rules.”
“… … sorry.”
Louver didn’t scold anymore.
“All right. In any case, there are parts where objects have contributed to the world. Besides, I… …
Louver smiled bitterly.
“It’s not like I’ve never broken a rule.”
“Mr. Louver broke the rules?” It was something even Sirone hadn’t heard.
“That’s right. There was only one time when, with my own will, I brought an object into reality. That is the object that Oh Dae-seong uses, <Demonic Sword Armand>.”
Many thoughts passed by.
Of course, Louver would know the source of all the objects, but it was quite a strange feeling that Armand was made by his own hands.
“I have met Armand. Was she a Hwajok?”
“yes. It was what she wanted. I’ll tell you later when I get a chance.”
Louver has nothing to hide from Sirone.
That’s why I guessed that the reason for avoiding words must have been personal feelings.
‘If it’s Arius… …
The person who handed over Armand to Kazura’s prince Zion must have known something.
But even that Arius just kept his mouth shut with a disgusted look on his face.
The place Louver led was at the bottom of a huge pyramid.
“This is it.”
The small fountain pointed by Louver contained a viscous red liquid like a mirror.
“A non-physical engine, often called a dream engine. When it is put into operation, the barrier between logic and illogicality breaks down, and the boundaries of space as well as time disappear.”
Sirone said.
“That’s why dreamers can exist in everyone’s dreams at the same time.”
“yes. It is not a logical phenomenon like simultaneous events. It just doesn’t have space-time itself.”
When Louver started the dream engine, blood-red liquid gathered in the air and caused a chaotic change.
Mong-a held out her hand.
“Currently, I am injecting negative energy, Nightmare, into Ymir’s dream. Dreams will be at their maximum, embodying the event that Ymir fears most.”
Arius added.
“If there really is such a thing.”
When everything was ready, the red liquid began to change its shape at a tremendous speed.
Like a human face, like a monster, maybe all of this is an illusion.
“I’m going in.”
As the engine of dreams turned the Drimo, the scenery around it began to change little by little.
It was Ymir’s dream.
It was dark and I couldn’t see anything. ‘here?’
It was as if the world that had swallowed them turned away from their existence.
I heard Gaold’s voice.
“It resembles a vacuum.”
The words were so close to the correct answer that the party rather couldn’t answer.
The maze recited in my head.
‘Ymir’s dream resembles a vacuum.’
Isn’t it natural for Ymir that even insignificant creatures do not appear in his dreams?
Gangnan asked.
“Is this a nightmare? Or do you have no dreams?”
I heard Mona’s voice.
“The problem is that we don’t know that. But I think it’s more likely a nightmare. If it were really a vacuum, it would erase our existence as well as our communication.”
Miro said.
“I used Shining Magic, but the light doesn’t turn on. Sirone, how about Miracle Stream?”
“It is the same. It can be cast, but this space is controlling the phenomenon.”
Sein swallowed his saliva.
‘It’s not just a vacuum. A world of power that even ignores Sirone’s abilities. maybe here… …
It seemed like it could be annihilated.
“There is something.”
Cirone stopped at the sound of Gaold’s voice and looked at the pupils floating in the air.
The reason why I can see even though there is no light, is probably because that is the only reality of this dream.
“It is a nightmare.”
Mona said.
“I don’t know why this is a nightmare… … At least it’s not like Nightmare didn’t work.”
“Hmm, the fear of Ymir.”
Arius raised his chin and analyzed the psychology contained in the keyword eye.
‘Voyeur, watch, watch. Or is it the sensory system? It could be a physical weakness.’
The eye has so much symbolism, but at least it is far better than the infinity of the vacuum.
“It’s getting more and more.”
As he moved, the number of pupils continued to increase.
Even so, the distance could not be measured, and finally the entire darkness was filled with pupils.
‘Many eyes. It’s a passive concept. Are you a persimmon poet? Or resistance to Quan Yin?’ Miro said as Arius kept rolling his head.
“Ankera?”
“no.”
Arius, who stopped walking, opened the spirit zone and felt the number of pupils.
Synesthesia’s insights never miss, but this time there were too many.
“The number of pupils is about 10 billion or more. This is probably Gaia’s eye.”
At first glance, he understood, but Miro tilted his head.
“But why 10 billion? Two eyes are a pair. Then over 20 billion
Shouldn’t it be?”
“That’s the point. Why is there only one eye? It is psychological unification. It’s like the friends you hate appearing compressed into a single human being in your dreams.”
The group listened quietly.
“Then here is the problem. Why is the concept of the eye itself not unified? If it’s just a fear of surveillance or voyeurism, wouldn’t one giant eye suffice?”
“well. Because Ankera is there?”
“That is one answer. Avoid conceptually redundant forms. But that doesn’t mean it doesn’t output that many numbers. Perhaps this number itself can be a terror to Ymir.”
Sirone looked up.
“Ten billion eyes. Why are you afraid of this?”
“Because there is not one.”
Arius continued.
“Eyes also have the meaning of perseverance and materialization. In other words, 10 billion eyes are defining it. Right on Ymir. And he’s afraid of this situation. thus… …
Arius circled around and aimed at the center of his gaze.
“There is Ymir.” As soon as Arius finished speaking, a shape appeared from the darkness where there was nothing.
Ymir, who was sitting cross-legged, smiled at me with his chin resting on his chin.
“That is correct.”
“Ymir.”
Everyone took a combat stance, but to be honest, even the people who saw it didn’t know what stance they were taking.
‘I have no sense.’
Because 10 billion eyes don’t define them.
“okay. as it were… … Is this a dream’?”
Normally, they do not recognize dreams, but this Mir was not a being in the ordinary category.
“Yeah, that’s a good way. Perhaps this is what you guys are looking for?”
Ymir held out his hand, and the orb of electricity emitted a blue light.
‘Ultima system.’
It was almost the same shape that Sirone got from Babel.
“Honestly, I feel bad. No enemy has penetrated my mind. Are you a manager? Well, the world is on the brink of destruction… …
Sirone said.
“Ymir, hand it over. If you are really strong, use your strength for the world.”
Ymir willingly held out his hand.
“Okay, take it.”
After watching for a while, Sirone threw herself, but no matter how much she stomped her feet, the distance was not shortened.
‘No, it’s not that kind of problem.’
To be honest, I wondered if I even had feet.
“Look, look, you can’t take it. I don’t even know who you guys are. Do you know why?”
Ymir pursed his lips and said.
“I don’t even care.”
Unless 10 billion eyes define them, they are still nothing.
Ymir absorbed the Ultima System into his palm and slowly stood up.
“I will tell you that I ate one. But you will have to struggle to meet me. Because my memory… …
Ymir’s figure disappeared into the darkness.
“Because it is the tomb of the gods.”

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-996.txt
=============YYYYY=============
Tomb of the Gods (2)
Ymir left.
She is probably waiting for Sirone and his party in the deepest part of the first level of depth, the psychology of the mother’s womb.
“however… …
A strong voice was heard.
“Is it really a nightmare? For something like that, Ymir is too calm.”
Arius replied.
“I wouldn’t have been calm. You can tell just by the fact that she left immediately. Of course, I didn’t cry out of fear, but I think it’s true that the situation was unpleasant.”
Miro asked.
“What would have been unpleasant?”
“I have something to tell you first.” Mona said.
“Currently, my dreams are out of control. Because Ymir doesn’t define us by anything. It is a kind of text state. It is a challenge.”
“Arius, is there any way?”
“You just need to find keywords that are connected to the 5th level of in-depth, unconsciousness. However, the problem is that there are only pupils, and the fact that there are over 10 billion is a bigger problem.”
Gaold muttered.
“Wouldn’t there be something special in the eyes?”
Everyone looked around, but at each moment about a third of them all blinked.
“fear. fear.”
Arius looked again.
“After all, this dream is the only hint. Why does 10 billion eyes make Ymir afraid? Dismantling of the Ultima system? The very fact of being defined?”
“Couldn’t it be the eyes?” Sirone said.
“To be more precise, there are not only pupils in this dream. A state resembling a vacuum, and us too. To be precise, those of us who are not defined.”
“Hmm, that’s right.”
Arius, lost in thought, raised his head.
“Tombs of the Gods.”
He muttered as if he had received some revelation, and spoke to everyone in a raised voice.
“Yes, this is a nightmare. Ymir said, his own memory is the tomb of the gods. In fact, I was overlooking it because it was impossible, but Ymir understands it.”
“Explain so I can understand.”
“Based on the 6th level here, the realm of REM, consciousness and unconsciousness are separated. In other words, this is the middle ground where consciousness and unconsciousness are mixed. But look at this dream. Nothing. In other words, you are conscious of nothing.”
Sein asked.
“Because it is too strong?”
“yes. To Ymir, all matter is lighter than air. It means that there is no special stimulation transmitted through the senses. It is a state resembling this vacuum.”
“Hearing is everything. But why is that a nightmare? It’s the same in real life.”
“It exists in reality. Ymir has defeated countless foes since her birth. They must be worshiped as gods in any civilization. For Ymir, the experience of the senses is, at best, that much. A powerful enemy that can be counted on her fingers.”
All the enemies that Ymir had fought so far flashed through Sirone’s mind.
“Usually that kind of is placed in the realm of consciousness. Why, isn’t there such a thing as a memory that you will never forget for the rest of your life? But Ymir would be the opposite. The unconscious, lacking in senses, sucks up the stimulus like a sponge.”
“Then what about the realm of consciousness?”
“Only the shell remains. In fact, there may not have been anything special in the surface layer. So it’s more serious. Perhaps from the deepest level 5, below the REM area… …
Arius said in a solemn voice.
“The strong enemies who gave Ymir the greatest stimulus in his life will be holding on.”
tombs of the gods.
“It is in reality. It could be anywhere in the universe. But not in this dream. So it’s a nightmare. all enemies
I had a dream that disappeared and I couldn’t feel any stimulation. That is probably what provoked us.”
Miro said.
“I understand. So how to go down?”
“It’s those eyes after all. The way out of the nightmare is to give Ymir a stimulus comparable to the one he fought. She goes into the tomb of the gods.”
Silence passed.
Normally, there would be an overflow of volunteers, but since the opponent was already different, he needed time to think.
Miro asked.
“then… … who will do it No, what are you going to do before that? Can I hit you really hard?”
Arius said.
“In the first place, those eyes don’t even define our bodies. If it’s Mr. Kang Nan’s schema, there might be some possibilities, but I think magic would be good for now. Mr. Sirone or Mr. Gaold will do it.”
“Hey, me?”
At Miro’s words, Arius avoided a direct answer.
“Let’s attack. Among Mr. Sirone and Mr. Ga Old, the person with the highest single destructive power should do it.” Miro laughed when neither of them answered.
“Yeah, well spoken. Gaold, if you and Cirone decide to play, who will be stronger?” said Gaold indifferently.
“I’m not a child, childishly… …
Of course, but the fact that Gaold didn’t give a definite answer was a subtle surprise.
“Uh, what is it? Could it be that Gaold is also going to give up in front of Sirone? why? Aren’t you confident?”
“Are you Satan?”
In the end, Gaold decided to step in, and soon after, the air press was cast.
“Great!” Tremendous pain flooded in, but 10 billion eyes didn’t do magic justice.
“… … Can’t you?”
Everyone who had been waiting with confidence because it was Gaold finally realized the seriousness.
“I will try.”
Hearing Sirone’s voice, Gaold said.
“wait.”
Gangnan insisted.
“Don’t build your ego. Ymir is your worst enemy. Even if we join forces, we will not be able to grow… …
“It’s not that kind of problem.” Gaold’s voice was serious.
“Even though it’s the magic I cast, the power can’t be measured. Sirone will be the same.”
Miro tried it himself.
“Yes. There is no sense of reality at all. I have to do my best to run, but it’s just imagining it. Only then can you set standards.”
“But I can catch it.”
Gaold said.
“You can catch it based on the sense of pain. If you continue to increase your power like that, you will reach the realistic best, that is, your strength.”
Gangnan was worried.
“Are you okay? If the nightmare doesn’t break even if you reach the best of realistic… …
Only Gaold had standards, and the Gaold she knew was not a man to give up.
“God.”
Gaold tore his mouth open.
‘Where should I look for a mug?’
As the air press was activated, Gaold’s sense of pain began to soar without knowing the end.
“Great!”
Although it had already reached full strength, the nightmare still did not budge.
‘Yes, you are the owner, right?’
As Gangnan feared, Gaold ran faster towards the path of the blade that was spread out in front of him.
“Aaaaaaa!”
When Gaold’s desperate scream was heard, Kang Nan activated the schema to the limit.
“Gaold! Gaold!”
It felt like I could feel some bodily sensations, but it was still far from reality.
“Stop it! You will die before you even fight!”
“Quiet, wait.”
Miro said coldly.
“There is no way we can help anyway. Let Gaold take care of it.
Leave it.”
Kang Nan was about to die of resentment at not being able to grab Miro by the collar right now.
“Aaaaaaa!”
Gaold’s screams were a nightmare, and Sein finally spoke.
“Maze, it’s too long.”
It was the first time Gaold, who overpowered an opponent in an instant, had held off the air press for so long.
“I die like this.”
Old Ga Old would never stop until Maze told him to.
“If you die, you die. Are you going to live here?”
Sae-in also loved her, but at times like this, there was no way to suppress the creepiness.
Eventually, Sirone stepped in.
“Anyway, once… …
At that moment, I thought my eyes were shaking, but I felt a weak vibration in everyone’s body.
“Sense… …
are being defined
Gaold’s howling like a beast began to be reflected by the nerves running through his body.
“Aaaaaaa!”
Finally, with a thud, a hole in the floor of the Nightmare with a radius of several hundred meters was born.
The shaped Mong-a said.
“The nightmare is over.”
At the same time, Gaold slumped to the ground and let out a heavy breath.
“Haha! Haha!”
“Gaold!”
The moment Kang Nan jumped, Miro came up to him first and patted him on the back.
“Hey, how cool is that? good job. You did very well.”
Seeing Gaold’s shoulders tremble, Gang-Nan lost his temper for a moment.
“Did you do anything? It is also worth bringing… …
Before she could finish her words, Kang Nan grabbed Miro by the collar and jumped her up.
Without stopping there, he raised his arm, and Miro’s toes rose to the ground like an awl.
“Are you crazy?”
Miro’s gaze, looking down at Gangnan growling like a wolf, was terribly cold.
“What, all of a sudden?”
“I’ve known you’re a psychopath for a long time, but listen carefully. If you play with the gaold one more time, then I know I will crush you.”
Miro looked at Gaold for a moment.
“I’ve known for a long time that you’re stupid.”
“What is it?”
“Aren’t you here to fight for the world? In the end, you broke through. Do you think this would have happened if I had dried the garold?”
“that is… … Is it extreme?”
“okay. I’m fighting because there are kids like you who are swayed by weak emotions and then get beaten up by evil. To carry everything on your back and block it until the very end.”
Kang Nan raised the maze even further.
“Tell me you’ll never use Gaold again.”
“Nope? Do you deserve that? Above all, Gaold will do it.”
Gangnan raised his fist.
“You can really get hit by one.”
When there were signs of violence, the party approached, but Miro’s life came first.
“Leave your hand.”
The incarnation of Guanyin with thousands of arms soared high, and thousands of arms aimed at Gangnan.
“This is your last chance.”
Gaold stood up in an atmosphere where the Thousand Arms Guanshi Yin seemed to move at any moment.
“It’s a maze.”
A hot energy like fire was emanating from the back, which felt bigger than before.
“You’re right. We’re here to fight. I don’t fall down like this either. but… …
There was power in the low voice.
“Don’t touch the river.”
Kang Nan’s head jerked back, and Miro’s eyes shook for a brief moment.
‘It was like that in heaven too.’
It was Gaold who sacrificed his life to save the maze, but went to the limb to save Gangnan again.
“mister… …
Gaold gave a dry smile.
“Hey, don’t worry. I barely made it this far, but I have to go catch it, Shin.”
Miro doesn’t know.
How a fourteen-year-old girl saved Gaold when he fell into hell and lost consciousness.
‘I’ll never know.’
As humane emotions crept into his heart, Miro desperately made up his mind.
‘It must not be broken. It must not be broken.’ Her eyes quickly cooled, and she raised her arms with a bright smile as if she hadn’t done that before.
“okay. sorry. Can you please release this now?”
Gangnan didn’t get angry, but he was more concerned about Gaold’s condition.
She untied her collar and walked away, supporting Gaold.
“Are you really okay?”
“Because it’s okay. In any case, the temperament is arrogant. When are you going to break that habit?”
“Who started first? why? Is it because you’re really afraid that they’ll hit you?”
“haha! I’m glad you didn’t die. Well, you still have to have that level of knowledge to say something like that, don’t you?”
“huh?”
Gaold, who was lying on Gangnan’s lap and breathing, pointed at her with his index finger.
“You said you wanted to become the world’s strongest woman?”
” ah.”
I’m sure I remember, but had I ever told Gaold anything like that?
“Do you know how old he was then? When the hell are you talking about enemies…
“It will be.”
His eyelids closed, and soon Gaold fell asleep with even breathing.
Miro put his hand on Gaold’s forehead and saw Gangnan laughing.
I thought you were a pretty person.

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-997.txt
=============YYYYY=============
Tomb of the Gods (3)
About ten minutes later, Gaold regained consciousness.
Her hair was bleached white, but her eyes looked clearer than ever.
Miro asked.
“How are you?”
“are you okay. 100 percent recovered.”
Humans can’t do that, but I thought that it might be possible for Gaold now.
‘I’m not losing my memory.’ It meant that he was concentrating on the battle, and the root cause must have been the maze.
It was an opportunity for the team.
‘If your mind is clear, Gaold is invincible.’
said Arius, looking down the huge hole in Ymir’s dream.
“This is the fifth level in depth. This can be said to be the beginning of a full-scale exploration. Would you like to go?”
“of course. Let’s leave now.”
Then Mona said.
“for a moment. I’d rather stay here.”
Sirone asked.
“why?”
Nightmare’s ability, Nightmare, was able to exert sufficient effect even in the depths.
“If Ymir is really offended by this nightmare, then I’d rather stay here.”
Arius was convinced.
“okay. Ymir invites us into the depths to destroy the Nightmare. Therefore, there is a high probability that Egoist will not activate.”
“Because you want it.”
“yes. Conversely, if we get rid of the nightmare, the egoist will attack us in an instant. Mongah is right. Someone has to keep this nightmare alive.”
Louver said to Sirone.
“There is no door, so you have to go through the Dremo when you return. It seems like the right decision for Mong-a to stay.”
“Then we go downstairs. Mong, please.”
Mongah nodded, and Syrone and the others jumped down the hole, following Arius.
It was the spirit of Ymir, the 5th level of depth. It’s already been a week since Sirone left for many worlds with their respective teams.
In the meantime, the blood of demons blew through the world.
The number of deaths increased day by day, and the screams of the emotional sickness continued in the Central Continent.
“Kill! Aww! I’d rather kill you!”
Those who had nothing more to throw away were forced to completely surrender themselves to suffering.
Lucky people met Sirone and regained a moment of peace, but it was only a stopgap.
Sirone bit his lip.
‘At this rate, everyone will die.’
Neither the earthquake, nor the cold wave, nor the scorching sun seemed to be as terrible as emotional illness.
‘I have to find a way.’
Sirone’s gaze was directed somewhere in the central continent.
World Health Organization.
Sirone watched the patients through the glass windows installed along the long corridor.
All of them, their bodies under pressure, screamed, but no sound came over them.
“The capacity is also limited.” Sirone looked back at Seriel.
Although less than two weeks had passed since the outbreak of emotional illness, her face had been greatly damaged during that time.
“Actually, there is no meaning other than restraint and experimentation. That no anesthetic works.”
The devil’s egg is like that.
“Don’t be too pessimistic. There will be a room law. I am also looking for it in every way.”
At the end of the hallway stood Seriel’s superior, Tenos.
“You’re here early.”
Tenos nodded and said.
“I can’t say good morning. It was urgently evacuated at dawn. All family members are dead.”
The place Tenos pointed to was not an inpatient room, but a small room where patients were consulted.
Looking through the window on the door, I saw a man with his head down.
“Is that Klein?”
There were traces of self-injury even on the outside of the clothes, and the face was skinny like a corpse.
but… … Somehow it seemed lighthearted.
“okay. A farmer who lived outside Baska. As a result of the epidemiological investigation, it is presumed that he was probably the first person infected with emotional disease.”
Sirone was speechless.
“It doesn’t make any sense, but it does. It has already passed through the central continent and spread to the southern continent. In this camp, countless nobles come every day with bags of money.”
Tenos lit a cigarette in front of a no smoking sign.
“They must be hoping for something, to the headquarters of medicine. I wonder if it can at least reduce the pain. But I still haven’t found a way to alleviate the pain, let alone a cure.”
“They were all high-ranking officials or royalty.” Tenos built Arsenic.
“Isn’t it obvious? That’s lucky. I came here with the nameplate of being the first infected person. No, should I say bad luck if I judge it that way? Now I can’t even commit suicide.”
In some cases, the expert’s words offended the listener, so Seriel quickly cut off her words.
“Let’s go in.”
Even while the door was opened, Klein didn’t even react, let alone move.
Dilated pupils, gaping mouth, seemed to be somehow happy.
‘The pain is gone.’ Something was thrown away, and Sirone didn’t want to hear what it was.
From Sirone’s point of view, the reason why emotional illness is more dangerous than other demon realms is not because of pain.
‘Really dangerous things don’t get destroyed O’
This was the reason why the World Health Organization called emotional disease the Emotion Scale.
“Materials are important for emotions, for example.”
said Tenos.
“Material is life. Food, clothes, a place to rest, of course the sum of them is money. Seekers like you may be trivialized,” Seriel drew the line.
“Sirone doesn’t take it lightly.”
“anyway… … Those who have a lot have a lot to throw away. Besides, it’s cunning. I don’t just throw anything away to suppress the pain. It is said to be finely classified and used one by one. But this farmer couldn’t do either.”
At first glance, it is said that there was nothing left after 3 days of infection with emotional disease.
After that, it’s just a terrible pain.
And this morning he lost a child.
“It’s not just Lee Yijae’s fault. At least I thought it might lessen the pain.”
Even the researchers were the ones Shirone suppressed emotional illness with the Miracle Stream.
The World Health Organization would become a battleground if patients had a way to get rid of their pain.
Having grasped what Tenos wanted, Sirone firmly shook her head.
“The standards are clear. It is used as the quickest way to stabilize the world. Leaning on emotions only adds to the confusion.”
“I guess so.”
There was no way that a country’s royal family or minister would leave it alone after knowing the mystery of Sirone.
‘but… …
Tenos had Klein in his eyes.
‘If the Lord of the world hadn’t come here, that man could have been me.’
Klein opened his mouth.
“Please kill me.”
Seriel walked over and patted his shoulder.
“It was an accident. After three days of suffering, Mr. Klein was already losing his mind.”
“I should have died. Even if I had gone mad, I should have died.”
“First of all, get some rest.” Klein raised his head.
“I have no intention of living. What experiments do you do when you come here? do it. Whatever you do. Cut open my stomach or take out what’s on my head, whatever you want.”
A cold silence passed.
The reason Seriel and Tenos spared their words was because they honestly expected such things.
‘There is a limit to experimenting on nobles. Even the temple’s leading figures are hospitalized here. When a cure comes out, they are the first to get better.’
Seriel suddenly had this idea.
Even though the world is heading towards catastrophe, seeing that we have to consider these things, we wonder, ‘Are humans still worth living?’ Since it was a problem that could not be changed anyway, Seriel got rid of his distracting thoughts and focused again.
‘Klein presumed to be the first infected person.’ Since he had already lost his family, and because it was his own responsibility, he would not choose to do anything.
‘I have a few hypotheses I’d like to confirm. At least a bioequivalence experiment on a banned substance… …
Seriel shook her head.
‘Let’s not lose our reason. The more you hurry, the more important the rules are.’
Having regained her composure, she finished poisoning Klein.
“My heart is grateful. However, according to the 13th Holy War Convention, the World Health Organization… …
“please!”
Klein prostrated himself in tears.
“I think I’m going crazy because I’m angry, because I’m angry. I want to take revenge on this damn bottle. And me too! Please use me!”
Seriel looked at Sirone’s eyes.
‘Human experiment.’
It must have already been done in the shadows, but the value of the name of the world organization was on a different level.
“If I don’t write, I’d rather die in a place where no one is around. I don’t want to live in terrible pain any longer.”
Sirone asked Tenos.
“How effective will it be?”
“You may fail. However, when it comes to data collection, there is a difference in quality and quantity. After all, this is where the world’s best biologists gather.”
“It must not lead to death.”
“I can’t say. You could die.”
“Even if that were the case, you shouldn’t conduct experiments knowing that you could die.”
Tenos then turned his head.
“What are you thinking?”
Sirone approached Clein, who was touching the ground, and brought her to eye level.
“It can be tough. Are you really prepared?”
“Are you sure? Now ask me to do anything. do whatever it is
I will throw it away.”
Sirone nodded.
“is it so. I will follow your will. Humanity will owe you a great debt.”
Seriel shouted.
“Sirone, what now… … !”
At that time, Sirone raised her hands and raised the smoke of the Miracle Stream.
As the orbs of light gathered from the sky slowly descended, Klein gaped and opened his mouth.
He had never seen magic before.
“Eh, what is this… …
“I will forgive your sins.” As the light of agape descended on Klein’s body, the incubation period of the emotional illness was extended.
“I will never be sick with emotional illness in the future. This is my heart for your determination. Are you still willing to take the test? Even if I refuse, my opinion will not change.”
A fire burned in Klein’s eyes.
“I lost my wife and I killed my children. I want to atone. It never changes.”
Seriel’s eyes warmed, but Tenos still asked with a hard expression.
“Didn’t you tell the patient that you wouldn’t use that ability?”
“The standards are the same. However, Mr. Klein is no longer a hospitalized patient here.”
Sirone stood up and continued.
“Just like me, Seriel, and Mr. Tenos, he’s a person who risks his life to fight for humanity.” Tenos raised his glasses.
‘The fastest way to stabilize the world. Is this Yahweh’s standard?’ It felt like my blood was boiling for the first time in a long time.
“Please, Seriel. Please make a cure. At least in some way to alleviate the pain.”
Seriel kept her mouth shut and nodded.
‘Do it. I will definitely do it. Because that’s the only qualification I can breathe comfortably.’
On that day, an unknown team was formed at the World Health Organization.

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-998.txt
=============YYYYY=============
Tomb of the Gods (4)
Spirit of Ymir.
After arriving at the 5th level, Sirone and the others couldn’t go deeper for 7 days.
“I’m going crazy.”
Arius became impatient.
As previously expected, the depth level 5 was a fairly rational environment, but the problem was that there was no discrimination.
“Hello, Mr. Sirone.” The villager, who seemed to have placed a white egg on a wooden doll, bowed his head.
And in another place, a person who looked the same as the villager from earlier greeted him.
“Hello, Mr. Sirone.”
Sirone just passed by without replying.
‘I don’t know who it is.’
The residents had no name, age, or gender, and the scenery around them was the same.
It was a world in which structures such as the simplest circles, triangles, and squares were randomly arranged.
“I feel bad.” Miro couldn’t stand it and frowned.
The residents and scenery they see now must be Ymir’s eyes to see the world.
“Anyway, does it make sense that all villagers are the same? At least there must have been people who left an impression, right?”
Sein said.
“Looking at it now, it doesn’t seem to exist. I don’t even care about the background. Is the world we live in fiercely so simple to Ymir?”
“They said it was the tomb of the gods.” Sirone said.
“At least they said that Ymir acknowledged it. So it’s not like there aren’t any beings left in the impression. At least Lian has to be there.”
The maze grabbed a passing resident and shouted.
“hey! Where is Ymir?”
It is taboo to raise one’s name in the spirit world and use it as a droid, but the villagers didn’t care.
“Hello, Sirone… … !”
Miro’s fist pierced the villager’s face.
Sein let out a sigh, but it was only a mental body anyway, and honestly, he felt relieved after being deceived.
When Miro withdrew his fist, the villager stumbled like a doll whose thread had been cut and fell down.
“You know what really sucks? That means we’ve met the guy we just destroyed 3,000 times.”
In fact, it was a problem that no one could prove, but that’s why Miro’s words had some truth.
“Let’s get rid of everything. First of all, you have to reduce the number to increase the chance of meeting new residents.”
Sirone said.
“You’ve already finished off a city, Mr. Gaold.”
They had done everything that could be done in the deep 5th level world.
Arius said.
“The point here is that no villager responds to the keyword for Ymir. Perhaps this is already a world ruled by a being other than Le.”
“Didn’t Ymir use all the names of the gods he fought with? With Sirone’s Omega. I even tried sirone, the buzzword in the world, ‘Hello sir sirone.’”
Arius’ steps stopped abruptly.
“Hello, Mr. Sirone?” Miro opened her eyes.
“Are you okay?”
“No, this is something to think about. Why do the inhabitants of this world say hello to Mr. Sirone? Not even responding to Mr. Gaold who pierced the nightmare.”
Sirone said.
“I thought it might have something to do with the Ultima system. But all I tried was in vain.”
“Of course it is. What I want to tell you is that it is structured like consciousness, but this place is definitely unconscious. It wasn’t like finding a specific keyword to activate it like in the surface layer. That’s what it’s like to lose.”
Miro said.
“Are you saying you were mistaken after all?”
“I admit I failed, but… … Misunderstanding is a word that hurts experts. You cannot mistake what you don’t know. I am new to this kind of in-depth.”
“okay. Keep talking.”
“If this was the surface layer, the reason why the residents have no personality can be interpreted as Ymir’s view of the world. But there are many overlapping things in the unconscious.”
“aha.”
Arius spread his arms.
“It is everything in the end. All of them, in other words, this world itself is the keyword.”
I got it.
“But does knowing that change anything? After all, it’s the same thing as having tried everything.”
“perhaps… …
Arius, who paused for a moment, opened his mouth after a long pause.
“I feel like there are things I haven’t tried.”
Sirone asked.
“what is that?”
“Inverse Integration.”
Arius raised his index finger.
“The villagers are Ymir’s point of view, but they are also Gaian. The unification I spoke of in my nightmare. In other words, these are the simplest diagrams of the Ultima system that Ymir thinks. And Sirone-san couldn’t break it.”
u 99
Sirone, who was watching the busily moving residents of each street, readily acknowledged it.
“It’s impossible for me alone.”
“is it so. That’s why there was no response. But what if Mr. Sirone is incorporated into them?”
To blend in with those who just roam the streets, unable to find meaning or purpose.
Shirone, who has trained her mental skills to the limit, can move in a state of no mind.
“maybe. The inhabitants of this place are united, but in reality they are only shells without a heart.”
Only the concept of integration remained.
“all right.”
When Sirone immediately erased his mind, Sein, who was beside him, felt terrified.
‘Perfect nonchalant. Currently, Sirone exists only by the work of the mind and body.’
Sirone said.
“Then let’s begin.”
It was clearly spoken, but it was a tone devoid of emotion, like a machine.
As I walked to the place where the residents were, they bowed their heads to Sirone.
“Hello, Mr. Sirone.”
Sirone, who had been listening to them indifferently, at some point quietly opened her mouth.
“Hello, Mr. Sirone.”
All the inhabitants of the world stood still.
Sirone and the others anxiously watched the world caught in perfect stillness as if time had stopped.
Arius said.
“Ymir’s subconscious responded. something here… …
At that moment, the golden light emitted from the bodies of the residents soared toward the sky.
“idea?”
It was a gigantic hexa that was created by the 10 billion Gaians that make up Ymir.
A mighty voice was heard from the sky.
-He who does not belong to us, we deny your existence. get out of this world
If it were real, the heavens and the earth would have trembled, but the only ones suffering here were Sirone and the others.
“Keugh!”
-denial! denial! denial!
As the entire world surged forward, the bodies of Sirone and the others were pushed endlessly.
Although he quickly regained his consciousness, he had already been pushed several kilometers away, and Miro developed an incarnation.
‘Thousands Arms Guanshi Yin.’
The incarnation of the Heavenly Arms Crown, Seeum, growing huge without knowing the limit, their palms collided.
A tremendous bangong sound exploded, but it could not stop the power that defined the whole world.
“Sirone! Break Ultima!”
Sirone reacted mechanically and regained her mind where she was blended in with the residents.
‘I deny negation.’
In an instant, the Ultima System was split into two, and the explosive power generated there.
Indeed, the world was on the verge of collapse. As the landscape radiates like thorns, all structures crumble to dust and the inhabitants
It screamed.
“Keeeee! Kieh!”
As the forms located in the middle of the human and the dummy grabbed their heads and suffered, it was so frightening that it made my shins tingle.
“I’m awake! What now?”
Sooner or later, Sirone caught up with Miro and the others, but even there, the residents were saturated.
“Fight!”
Arius, the weakest, was placed in the center, and the others surrounded him and formed a defensive line.
And countless residents began to run towards them.
“scram! get out!”
The villager rushed in with a white face and raised a clumsy sphere fist.
‘How strong is it?’
Since it was Ymir’s spirit, it must have been as powerful as he felt for Gaia.
Aaaaaang!
Gaold’s form, which had blocked the villager’s blow with a full blow, was blown away by the shock wave.
“Gaold!”
Just as Gangnan was about to approach, Gaold appeared, holding onto the sphere’s fist.
“are you okay. This is enough to endure.”
“Tombs of the Gods.”
Arius said.
“This world is just a shell of Ultima. After all, there is nothing stronger than Ymir in Ymir’s mind.”
After that, it was a series of battles.
The air press slammed down and the Hand of God struck the villagers with the back of his hand.
‘Too many. It can’t end like this.’
Louver, who did not take action until fatigue appeared on the faces of the party, said.
“I will.” As he flew up into the sky, he opened his arms to the left and right, and a ring of light appeared in front of his palms.
“Dream Machine.”
There is a condition of being in the mental world, but the dreamer can transform all dreams into objects.
However, as the distance from the REM area increases, the level of objects that can be summoned decreases.
‘It’s possible if it’s in the 5th level.’
The object that Louver summoned at the stage just below the realm of REM was a small wooden box.
“<Firstborn’s Butterfly>.”
Although the appearance was ugly, it was a dangerous object that could not even be rated if extracted in reality.
“Wake up from your dream.”
When the box was opened, all the Gaians living in this world began to be released into particles of light.
“What, what?”
The Butterfly of the Firstborn is one of the three dreams that Drimeau’s office treats specially.
kind of enlightenment.
If it comes to reality, the effect will be ‘momentarily leaving the photon field.’
“Keuuugh!”
As Drimo was shaken by the shock of the summoning, the aftermath hit Louver, the incarnation.
Still, he didn’t close the box.
‘It’s still not enough. little bit more!’
What the firstborn butterfly actually attacks is Ymir’s spirit, not the inhabitants.
However, even if it was unconscious, it was unreasonable to give a huge shock because it was at the 5th level.
“Mr Louver! It’s dangerous any longer!”
Sirone shouted, but Louver just held on with the box open as if he had already made up his mind.
“Sirone! excuse me!”
Miro pointed to the sky and everyone turned around.
Particles of excited light moved in a dizzying fashion and began to coalesce into a single point in the sky.
A huge voice was heard.
– Deny it.
When everyone crouched down and covered their ears, Louver screamed and fell.
“Aaaaaaa!”
The box closed by itself, ignoring the force of the grip, and the pillar of light struck the ground like an awl.
Woo woo woo woo!
Sirone looked ahead at the vibration she felt for the first time after entering the 5th level.
“uh?”
Standing there was Mackline Guffin, with steely hair and an intense impression like a beast.
“Guffin?”???
As Sirone muttered, the party turned around.
“what?”
“It’s McLean Guffin.”
Miro studied Guffin’s face.
I don’t remember, but I found myself with a frighteningly fast heart.
‘Does the heart remember?’
“Concentrate.”
Gaold stopped talking.
“He moves.”
As the guffin slowly approached, a miracle stream rose and shot into the sky.
“Hand of God.”
A gigantic hand, on a different level from the one Sirone developed, controlled the entire sky.
continues in the next volume

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-999.txt
=============YYYYY=============
What is Infinite(1)
Mackline Guffin was a person who existed in the world right before Sirone was born.
Even though it was erased, Sirone and the others were shocked to see such a person right in front of their eyes.
“No, why… …
Arius’ expression was serious.
According to what I heard from Sirone, Imi Le collided with a Guffin in the early days of her birth.
‘Of course I thought it would be the final gateway… …
It is true that other people also vaguely thought that Guffin would be the final gateway.
“If Ymir’s unconsciousness is divided into layers based on the size of the senses, Sirone understood the current situation.
“It’s no wonder that the guffins come out first. Even though we clashed, we didn’t give each other our full strength.”
Still, the power was great.
“The mere fact that it is at the fifth level is proof that it was a powerful shock. I have no choice but to fight anyway.” Sirone was calm.
The form is the same as that of the Guffin, but it was just a fictional character created by Ymir anyway.
‘But it’s strong.’
Just looking at the size of the Hand of God floating in the sky made me feel how great it was in its heyday.
Miro said.
“Let’s start, Sirone.”
As the incarnation of Guanshi Yin with his thousand hands rose up into the sky, the Guffin’s Hand of God crushed it.
“Huh!”
Miro’s face crumpled.
Thousand Arms Guanyin’s fist struck the palm of light quickly, but it was only pushed back by overwhelming power.
“Come down!”
Garold and Sirone, who had Sein’s sun and moon halo spread, attacked at the same time.
joint work in the middle
“Big!”
Truly overwhelming power.
Guffin’s Hand of God slowly covered the ground without slowing down.
get faster
Everything brightened, and finally, Sirone looked around at the pale world.
I heard a voice from a place where I didn’t know if my eyes were closed or open.
“Sirone.”
It was a terrifying voice like a ghost.
“Where are you?”
I couldn’t feel direction or gravity, and even time felt like it had stopped.
“AA AA AA!”
Sirone shouted at the ensuing scream.
“who is this!”
“… there is… a crab… I…
I couldn’t make out the content of the broken syllables, but I could feel one thing.
‘anger.’
They called Sirone.
“Awesome!”
As more than 10 billion syllables overlapped, it produced a sound like a thick string plucking.
In the cosmic sound waves, Sirone was able to intuit the protagonist of the voice.
‘Gaian.’
They, who are united as Ymir, are seated in the unconscious as anger and despair.
‘no. The Gaians are already being integrated. But why does this sound… …
A thought flashed through my mind.
‘The Butterfly of the Firstborn.’ According to what I heard before, it was possible to temporarily leave the photon field.
A hypothesis was formulated.
‘If there is an outside world, what is affected when <Chuang Tzu’s Butterfly> activates… …
Maybe a user?
‘In reality, the Gaians were integrated into Ymir. But in the outside world, they are each distinctly individual.’
<Zhuangzi’s Butterfly> was opened in the 5th level, so it will not be fully awakened.
‘It’s just that they’ve been conscious to some extent, and their consciousness is flowing
ramen… …
I got goosebumps.
‘What state is Ymir in now?’
“AA AA AA!”
Sirone tried to cover her ears at the sound of another scream, but to no avail.
The sound waves are broken, so you can’t understand them with your ears.
‘It’s calling me.’
I’m deciphering the signal with Ultima, but even the meaning has been broken into fragments.
‘What do you want to say?’ Sirone gritted his teeth.
It is because I felt the extreme texture of the language before I grasped the meaning.
If it had to be conveyed in language, it was something that could not be expressed even with a list of 100 million words.
‘Careless. God is indifferent.’
Sirone knows.
The moment they convert their feelings into language, most of what they say is distorted.
It would be perfect in itself if I just melted into this concept without thinking about anything… … .
It is also futile.
‘Let’s think. I’m thinking.’
Sirone tried to somehow put language together to give meaning to the current feeling.
for example.
‘One dot goes around a circle.’
It can be said that the point that does not stop and goes through the orbit endlessly symbolizes infinity.
Perfect, nonchalant.
‘Stuck in infinity.’
To use a little more language, it is to be trapped within the definition of infinity.
That’s not infinite.
… … said, a certain Gaian voice was heard.
Wouldn’t true infinity mean forgetting even the concept of infinity?
In order to do that, isn’t it not to go endlessly, but rather to have nothing?
‘Nothing that doesn’t think about Han.’
That is, infinite without infinite.
‘Empty your mind.’
Sirone emptied his mind.
‘Forget its existence.’
When Sirone’s existence disappeared, the universe, materials, and concepts became essentially non-existent.
‘It must be infinite.’
So, if Sirone still exists, or if he is thinking of something.
It is just an illusion.
‘An illusion without a subject.’
There were no screams and no Gaian voices, but the illusion continued.
‘how is it?’
Maybe I’m mistaken as if I heard this.
‘Are you infinite now?’
Sirone let out a silent shout.
I opened my eyes at the same time, and the whole world exploded with light, and all concepts were born.
the world is made
“Aaaaaaa!”
A curtain of light was peeling off around Sirone, and a faint voice was heard in the distance.
It was clear this time.
‘We are imprisoned gods. infinite human beings.’
The scenery of the 5th level returned, and the figure of the party was seen being crushed by the Hand of God.
‘Open it, Hexa.’
In an instant, a signal from the outside world that no one should know about was imprinted in my brain.
“Keugh!”
don’t know the meaning
Perhaps it is the name of a rare insect, such as the sand burrowing beetle, that is not particularly used in real life.
‘but… …
It was a sign from the outside world.
‘I can’t imagine the unimaginable. But I picked up some fragments now.’
An extremely blurry image of the outside world was drawn in Sirone’s mind.
Even if that image is completely wrong.
‘ no way??????
The imagination that was triggered there was different from anything in reality, and I was thrilled.
“Sirone!”
When I turned my head to Miro’s voice, Thousand Hands Guanshi Yin was almost crushed to death.
Sirone, who was looking up at Guffin’s Hand of God, opened her eyes while biting her molars.
“infinite?… ”
radish
I /\≫
Like smoke from a rocket, the Miracle Stream spread out in all directions.
‘Hand of God.’
As if it had received momentum, Sirone’s Hand of God collided with Guffin’s palm.
‘It’s just an illusion.’
The party, who had endured with all their might, turned their heads as they realized the pressure had suddenly eased.
“What, what?”
Sirone’s Hand of God grew indefinitely and inserted a pod into the hand of light made by Guffin.
“Yaaaa!”
Sirone’s Hand of God, pushed vigorously as if an adult broke a child’s hand, soared into the sky.
‘Guffin.’
Then, along with Guffin’s Hand of God, it began to fall vertically towards the ground.
‘Even though Ymir remembers you, I was happy to see you.’
Cuckoo-cuckoo-cuckoo!
The guffin, which was hit directly by the waterfall of light, faced extinction while standing alone.
At that moment, Sirone seemed to see it.
A faint smile appeared on the guffin’s face as it faded in the light.
The waterfall of light continued for a while and only disappeared after 5 minutes.
“Is it over?”
When Arius, who had been lying down like a dog, raised his head, there was a huge hole in front of him.
Gangnan winked and raised his thumb.
“Nice job, Sirone. You did it this time.”
Since it was a team, it didn’t matter who succeeded, but I wanted Gaold to act as a last resort.
“I was lucky.”
“Lucky… …
Miro looked at Sirone with a serious expression.
‘The technology is the same. The reason it can increase its power is probably because it has reached a certain level. but… …
Oddly enough, it didn’t feel like a state.
‘It feels strange. It’s really strange.’ To the point where I couldn’t bear to go up to Sirone and ask her what happened.
‘A sense of heterogeneity. Yes, it is a vague fear that arises from a deeper level than instinct.’
In other words, a sense of cosmic heterogeneity that transcends living things.
Perhaps this is the reason why Mongin Louver looks at Sirone a little coldly.
‘The firstborn’s butterfly’. I thought it was dangerous, but… …
Ruber sighed.
‘Sirone, Oh Dae-seong is a good person.’
As the incarnation of Drimo, she loves all beings who dream, but Sirone’s dreams are truly clear.
‘sorry. It’s not something I can help you with. Maybe ‘them’ too… …
The size of the aftermath could not be predicted, but at least it was true that the situation was twisted.
‘Argones will not stand still. Even if it doesn’t reach the ‘last moment’.’
Louver shook his head thinking that he should at least reveal this.
‘I’m not an immature dreamer. It exists in reality, so I’ll go through it enough.’
He just didn’t want to see Sirone screaming in sorrow in the future.
Arius said.
“Let’s go down at once. I delayed too much time. Spent about a week here?”
Miro shot.
“It’s all because you can’t come out. I’ve fed and put them to sleep until now, but it doesn’t help anyway.”
He made no excuses.
“sorry. But now that I know how, it will be faster. Of course, if you can destroy the god who is sleeping in the fourth level of depth.” It was certainly surprising that Guffin was first, but Gaold didn’t mind.
“Thinking about it won’t change anything. No matter who it is, just hit it and it’s enough.”
Without a moment’s fear, Gaold threw himself into the pit, and an ordeal immediately followed.
“Sirone, let’s go too.”
Even after everyone left the 5th level, Sirone remained for a while, lost in thought.
‘I shouldn’t reveal it.’
When I reached the state of infinite infinity, I felt that Miro and Louver’s gaze became colder than before.
‘It can be enough. To be honest, I see myself that way too. This makes no sense.’
If an event has no precedent, then whatever it is, it must be a mistake.
I was afraid, and my heart was filled with the fact that I couldn’t predict what would happen.
“Guffin.”
Turning around, Sirone remembered that Guffin had smiled at the last moment.
‘The Butterfly of the Firstborn.’
Was he really a guffin?
“It doesn’t matter.”
The fact that he warmly smiled at himself who had reached the state of infinite infinity was important.
“I’m fine.”
Feeling much lighter, Sirone moved quickly and flew to the entrance of the 4th level.
‘Yeah, I’m not wrong. We’re moving on.’
perhaps… … .
Even that may be an illusion without a subject.

=============ZZZZZ=============
