===============================
Chapter - 801 - Law Murder (2).txt
===============================
Law Murder (2)
Marsac, the imperial castle of Gustaf, was teeming with women who came to become maids of the empire.
‘How could this be… …
While Havitz’s notoriety spread all over the world, more than 300 people applied.
“Did you come to know who the Emperor is?”
I asked the cold-looking woman with a pointed chin waiting in the left column.
“Hey, so are you. I wish we could refrain from talking to each other. We will be competitors from now on.”
‘I’m not… …
Unlike the other candidates, Abella was the one who came to kill Havits.
“Is it for money?”
The woman looked back coldly.
“Then what? No matter where you come from, let alone pay, the employee welfare is excellent. More than anything else, she becomes the maid of honor of the imperial castle.”
The value of a commoner was determined by the nobility, and if she was a court lady of the imperial castle, the nobles would not look down on her.
“But you’re a tyrant, aren’t you?”
Everyone turned to Abella, and the atmosphere at the scene was frozen like an arctic.
“Hey, what did you just say?” The captain of the guard who was leading the lady-in-waiting approached with great strides, intent on killing him.
‘are you okay. I’ll be fine.’
The most important part of the project for Abella is to love Havitz.
If the alpha fish loses its original value, the law is twisted, and then everything is over.
“Speak again what you said earlier. You better pray to God that my ears are strange.”
“Uncle Harvits is a tyrant.” In response to the emperor’s lack of respect, the captain of the guard drew his sword.
“If you kill me, you will die too.”
The blade stopped abruptly around Abella’s neck.
“What does that mean?”
“I didn’t come here to serve the emperor. Personally, I came to see Mr. Havitz.”
“you… … You know His Majesty the Emperor?”
“If you have any doubts, you can report it to your superiors. Tell Mr. Harvits that Abella has arrived.” I never had the courage to do so.
‘I’m embarrassed.’
Besides, if she was telling the truth, she would never be rude.
‘Let’s leave it to someone else. If you get entangled for no reason, you will die.’
The captain of the guard, who had secured his sword, spat out a word as he returned to his seat.
“Be quiet. There is a procedure for everything.”
It seemed to be pulling back, and Abella stuck her tongue out against the guard commander’s back.
The woman who was watching the absurd thing from close by said with shocked eyes.
“Are you crazy? Why would you lie like that?”
As expected of a lady-in-waiting, she admits that she excelled at improvisation, but when the truth was revealed, she died on the spot.
“For now, you have to live. And the captain of the guard won’t even be able to check it, because he has a bird’s chest.”
The woman smiled and held out her hand.
“Let’s formally greet each other. I am Catenia from Manaca. I am thirty-two years old. Am I your sister?”
“yes. I am Abella. I am twenty-three.”
Catenia asked at the end of her voice.
“But do you really have a big liver? How can you say insulting words to the Emperor of the Empire so easily?”
I honestly don’t know.
‘Mister Habitz.’
My teeth tremble when I hear his eccentric evil deeds, but in a corner of my heart… … .
– Ugh, it’s okay. are you okay.
When he stroked my back and said it was okay, I felt like I had a fence for the first time in my life.
“Well, it’s true.”
Abella shrugged and covered it.
“but… … . I’m also scared to be honest. But since I’m old, I’m expecting that I won’t go into the side room. Oh, I’m sorry.”
Unlike Catenia, Abella was of the right age to enter Havitz’s bed.
“are you okay. Actually, I’m going into the side room.”
“what?”
No matter how wealthy Catenia was, if she had to go to Havitz’s side, she would have had a different opinion.
“Enter Group 4!”
When the guards opened the gates, 30 people rushed through the arch.
As befits the world’s largest man-made structure, the road to the imperial castle was endless, and finally stopped in front of the spacious central government office.
‘You’re here.’
Another Kashan spy had secretly infiltrated the place where the first interview was held.
El Crouch, the assassin of Empress Uorin.
Once a doll maker, he learned black magic from an oriental puppeteer and transformed his body into a doll.
‘Two lives left.’ He lived for over 200 years by distributing his life to a porcelain doll, but now that too was coming to an end.
‘Well, he lived a long time.’
On the day we left Kashan, Uorin said.
“I’m sorry, Crouch.”
When Crouch, who hadn’t attached any flesh, raised his head, the stuffed mechanism instead of the intestines turned.
“It’s unreasonable for the queen to apologize.”
Wu Lin laughed bitterly.
“We’ve known each other for a really long time. No matter how much I think about it, you’re the only person who will move <Slaughter> to Marsak.”
“It is an honour.”
Crouch’s job was as a carrier.
“The biggest problem is, of course, the Balkans. We can’t send a lot of assassins to him who reads the crowd flag.”
“Plural number. It means that you cannot read the life of one person, but you can notice the life of two or more people.”
“okay. As the number increases, the discipline will become clearer. Currently, Alpha Fish is training to eliminate its hostility towards Habits. Therefore, there is no problem with you infiltrating.”
“The real problem is the day of planning.”
When the alpha fish reveals its intention to kill, it becomes two people in addition to Crouch, so the Vulcan reads the military standard.
“I should be dead the moment Alphafish kills Havitz.”
It had to be a singular number, and only Crouch, who had multiple lives, could do this.
“You may have to die twice.” That would be eternal death.
“In order to deliver <Slayer> to Alpha Fish, it must go through ‘initialization’. The process is risky.”
“I know, Her Majesty.”
“So Crouch.” Uorin approached Crouch.
“I didn’t entrust you with two lives. If you… … It’s because I believe that I can get out of it once. Do not die.”
Crouch’s facial muscles, made of wire, twisted and the shape of his mouth rose.
“This is the life the Queen gave me. I will not resent you even if all the porcelain dolls I gave you break.”
“Isn’t that what you mean?”
Crouch smiled, but his eyelids were missing, so they just seemed wide open.
“You don’t have to act like a girl to me either.”
Uorin inflated her cheeks.
“What?”
“Until the day we return, keep it intact.”
After leaving Kashan, Crouch assassinated Marsak’s handmaid and assumed her role.
‘My name is Orphe.’
As a master of disguise, he perfectly imitated not only his appearance but also his personality and trivial habits.
Even Abella, who knew that the strategy would be at the first interview, could not find Crouch.
‘He must be watching me.’ As she looked around her, making eye contact with her, Crouch looked away from her.
‘It wouldn’t be nice to know each other.’
Waiting interviewers approached the four women and conducted a physical examination.
The body was groped to determine whether it was a man or a woman, and women with tattoos were also eliminated.
“Pass. To the next gateway.”
Six women were eliminated and the remaining 24 followed the guards to a small waiting room.
“Congratulations on passing the first interview.”
An official with a goatee stood on the podium holding a list.
“Of course, I have to take the 2nd, 3rd, and 4th interviews as well as the final exam.”
Power entered the maids’ eyes.
“The final selection was 30 people. It’s a competition where 1 in 10 is eliminated. But I will draw a special loan at this gateway.”
“Special loan?”
The ladies-in-waiting candidates murmured.
“Among these people, is there anyone who would like to support the Emperor, that is, His Majesty the Emperor by his side?”
No one wanted to help the killer, and there was a cold silence.
“I am not forcing you. However, in the end, it is decided to draw by lottery. If you don’t have the confidence to pass… …
“I will do it.”
Everyone’s eyes focused on one place, and Catenia stuttered with an absurd expression.
“you you… …
Abella shrugged.
“I told you, this is it.”
The official checked the number on her name tag and quickly flipped through the ledger.
“Hmm, Youth Abella. I am from a gypsy… …
There seemed to be no particular abnormality.
“Go through the door over there. The ladies-in-waiting will re-examine it, and if there are no abnormalities, you will pass immediately.”
“yes. But I have one request.”
Assuming that it was a dying person’s wish, the official closed the ledger and raised his chin.
“Tell me.”
“Havitz, no, His Majesty the Emperor might remember me, so can I give you a word in advance?”
“His Majesty the Emperor?”
The official who was looking left and right said.
“Hey, isn’t there something wrong with your mind? then you can’t pass It is a life-and-death matter.”
“It’s the manager who’s life is at stake. If you leave me like this, I don’t know what kind of trouble will befall me later.”
‘damn! Why is this happening to me… … !’ The official, who felt the same emotions as the captain of the guard, asked with a frown.
“Then, how is your relationship with His Majesty the Emperor?”
Abella smiled broadly as she carefully observed the candidates watching with pale faces.
“A childhood friend.”
“majesty! The maid of honor is asking for an audience.”
The gates of the Great Hall opened and an old woman in her seventies crossed the Grand Hall with a dead expression.
A Vulcan sitting on a throne snored, and a military tactical map lay on the floor.
Harvits and the other 4 artists were sitting there, playing with dolls with military sculptures.
“Rumble! bang! Cannon Boom!”
Comedy Zetaro was frightened.
“Aww! My eyeballs are missing! Put it back in quickly! eyeball! Gather your eyeballs!”
Battle doll Natasha moved the sergeant’s horse.
“die! die! die! die!” The king of domestic affairs, Sumodo, crumpled the map.
“All the women of the Kingdom of Paris are mine! Wait, even if only women in their 10s and 20s of childbearing age are selected, there are about 4.47 million… …
The maid coughed.
“Hmmmm, Your Majesty the Emperor.”
Harvitz threw the sailboat and turned his head.
“why? Are you busy now. A government meeting is in progress.”
“Are there any friends you made a long time ago by the name of Youth Abella?”
“Who? Hmm.”
If she had told a lie, she could have lost her throat, but the lady-in-waiting kept her mouth shut like a coward.
‘If I die, I will die.’
don’t imagine the future
This was the first requirement a maid of the Gustav Empire had to have.
“I don’t know.”
The maid bowed her head.
“All right. When it comes… …
Vulcan lay down and spoke like a drool.
“Why, you know. A girl I met before. What kind of flower shop do you think… …
Harvits opened her eyes wide and stood up.
“Youth Abella!”
The four arts looked back at him at the same time.
“that’s right! It was Abella! But why? Gap, her baby, why are you looking for her?”
The name is vague, but I have never forgotten the promise I made with the girl at the time.
“It’s not what I’m looking for, and I’m a child who came in as a lady-in-waiting this time, and I want to have an audience with Your Highness.”
“Abella came to see me?” Havitz’s shoulders trembled.
“You have completed the flower garden!”

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 802 - Law Murder (3).txt
===============================
Law Murder (3)
Harvitz’s reaction alone showed that the woman named Abella was telling the truth.
The lady-in-waiting skipped all other procedures and summoned her to the grand hall.
At one time, it was a story about the flower garden that Havitz had always been talking about, so he looked at the Gustav 4 technique with curious eyes.
“Mister Harvits.”
Abella approached with a smile.
“Abella!”
As if back in the day 14 years ago, Havitz held Abella’s hand.
“You’re here. Do you know how troubled I was? What would the flower garden look like? The shop… …
“I’m sorry, mister.”
When Abella cut Havitz off, all the maids in the Grand Hall flinched.
‘it’s crazy. To cut off Your Highness.’
Among the ladies-in-waiting who directly assist the emperor in the Grand Hall, the ‘Havitz Manual’ is floating around.
‘I’m going to die.’
There is no standard for responding to chaos.
That’s why ‘It rains when you hold a ritual for rain’ is just a coincidence created by a game of probability… … .
‘Rule 283, don’t show any reaction when Harvitz speaks excitedly.’
For the ladies-in-waiting, this jinx was the only lifeline.
“huh? What are you sorry about?”
That’s why they couldn’t help but be astonished at Havitz’s questioning.
‘Is the jinx broken?’
Abella smiled bitterly.
“I opened a flower shop, but there are no flowers that the uncle bought me. They died because I raised them wrong.”
“That’s why you couldn’t come.”
“no. I didn’t want to meet you. I was too young back then I just lived with a lover like that.”
“okay??????
Harvitz seemed a little disappointed.
“You opened a flower shop, though. I can buy you any number of flowers, so don’t be too heartbroken.”
Shock swept through the maid’s eyes.
‘Your Highness said something to be considerate of others.’
It was the first time that even she, who had spent her entire life in the imperial castle, had seen such a situation.
‘perhaps… … Maybe we had the wrong idea about the character Havitz.’
It didn’t matter to me to stop talking in the first place.
‘I killed a lot of maids, but couldn’t it be for a completely different reason than we expected?’
Since the head maid was lost, not to mention the confusion of the other maids.
‘Why aren’t you angry? Why don’t you kill me?’
Many jinxes were being broken, such as not making eye contact and not using negative words.
‘It’s pitiful.’
Vulcan, who read the court ladies’ standard, squinted one eye.
‘Fear arises because you don’t even know why you’re dying after you’ve done something to die. Your Highness is also a person. I enjoy playing with my friends, and I know what love is.’
Harvits is also a person.
‘I’m always someone who just wants to have fun. Well, since they only have the intention of using others, they are tailoring themselves according to their taste.’
Chaos is not to be met with the head.
‘consensus. You just have to honestly express your emotions as they are without calculation. That’s all Her Highness treats people.’ Of course, adults can’t.
‘Abella is possible.’
It is because Habitzra is a friend who has been in sympathy with the deepest place of chaos and emotions.
“Anyway, I’m here, so that’s okay. You kept your promise.”
Throwing away miscellaneous thoughts, Havitz sat down on the map and knocked on the floor.
“Come on. From now on, we’re going to conquer the world, so let’s play with us. My friends have fun too.”
It was touching to see the Emperor of the Empire treat her innocently, but Abella’s eyes were filled with sadness.
“Really nothing has changed.”
“Are you very old? You grew taller and prettier. If you don’t like conquering the world, what else should you do?”
Tears welled up in Abella’s eyes.
“Your uncle is a bad person.”
Everyone’s heart sank, and Balkan couldn’t guarantee Abella’s future this time either.
‘Sympathy and hostility are obviously different. Will His Highness not be angry again?’
Harvits blinked.
“People say yes, you are bad. But honestly, I’m not sure. To me, this is what it looks like now… …
Abella cried and said.
“I like it because it looks like the old mustache man.”
“ha ha ha! Yeah, it’s fine as long as you like it, right?”
Vulcan’s eyebrows twitched as he felt relief at Havitz’s laughter.
‘Hoo? This… …
Abella was devastated.
‘I’d rather be scared, if I could hate and hate to the fullest like everyone else… …
An atrocity that wants to plunge the world into hell.
‘But for me… …
He was the kindest and warmest man in the world who would listen to anything he wanted.
‘I’m not going to die, am I?’
In Harvitz’s arms, Abella would be happy for the rest of her life, but she had to kill him for the sake of humanity.
‘That’s an alpha fish.’
She calmed down and said, wiping away tears.
“I can’t play house with you like before. Now I am an adult.”
“okay? Then what shall we do?”
“Adult play.”
Abella moved towards Havitz, who was sitting with her buttocks on the floor.
“Mister, will you marry me?”
The gaze of the 4 guineas moved to Havitz, and a sound leaked from the ladies’ throats all at once.
‘it’s crazy. You say you’re marrying that psycho?’
Harvits immediately nodded.
“good.”
Vulcan foresaw the feelings that had sprouted after 14 years in Havitz’s chaos.
‘We met as friends… … It seems that the sympathy with Abella was a little different.
‘Witch’s Fate. Is it a natural law to marry the person who freed you from that curse?’
Those who have reached a certain ultimate in truth are bound to be strong, and that is why Havitz is also strong.
‘That’s why he was very lonely.’ It is safe to say that I was bored.
In any case, the person he could relate to with Harvits could be counted on one hand in the entire world.
‘On the one hand, it’s a match made in heaven.’
Abella inflated her cheeks.
“what? How can you accept it so easily anyway? Do you know what marriage is?”
“Of course you know. Because I like you too.”
Habitz stood up from his seat and said seriously, holding Abella by the shoulder.
“I want to marry you.”
The childhood friend I met at the beach when I was young promised to become a couple after 14 years.
The heatwave that dominated the summer has gradually withdrawn, and autumn has arrived with colored leaves.
The war was still fierce, but within the Gustav Empire, preparations for the emperor’s marriage were in full swing.
“Long live the Emperor! Hooray!”
Abella’s favorite flower gardens were laid out on every street, and a national celebration procession event was held.
Around the 20th day before the wedding, Crouch moved while the royal castle, Marsac, was adorning the flowers.
In his hand, he was able to roam freely through the complex roads of the ceiling as if he were at home.
‘Change target.’
said Minerva.
“The reason Alphafish is important is that it is the closest person to Havitz. But he can’t go in with <Slayer> in his possession.”
Other items could be hidden inside the body, but the knife could not be carried for several months.
“That’s why you need a carrier.” El Crouch.
“Before sending the alpha fish, an expert will first take a seat inside the imperial castle. And, at the beginning of the night between Havitz and Abella, I will hand over <Slaughter>.”
Sirone asked.
“The transport team can’t get close to Havitz. Tangent contact would be impossible, so how do I get over it?”
“Use retargeting.” Minerva brought out the <Law Kill>.
“The dagger absorbs the murderous intent of its bearer and distorts the law. But, what if the target changes in the middle?”
Sirone was also questionable.
“For example, what if I stab Uo Rin while <Math Killing> was activated to kill you, Shirone?”
“How is it?”
“The murderous intention contained in the dagger does not change. However, the possessor’s intent to kill is reset. Of course, this by itself doesn’t mean much. But if you destroy the dagger, that’s a different story.”
“They said extinction was impossible.”
“okay. Even if it is destroyed, <Law Kill> will reappear in a perfectly random place.”
said Iruki.
“But if you initialize it, you can artificially manipulate the place where the <Math> appears.”
“That’s right. Destroyed in the initialization state, 〈Slaughter〉 appears to the person most suitable for the murderous intent contained in the dagger. Therefore, through the law, you can deliver <law killing> to the alpha fish.”
This is ‘retargeting’.
‘The execution time is the beginning of the wedding, 20 days later. Until then, you have to reset <Math>.’
Currently, <Law Kill>’s intent to kill is directed at Habitz, but there is no change in the law.
‘That’s why it’s such a difficult enemy.’ can’t be killed in any way
I mean, to Crouch, it felt as if <Slaughter> was waiting for the right time.
‘The target I will kill is Catenia.’
Crouch, who had already killed Orphea and lived her life, attempted another transformation.
‘Being Catenia is the best. If that happens, I will be able to approach Harvits more.’
As Abella became engaged to Havitz, Catania became her handmaid and lived a prosperous life.
‘It’s here.’
Arriving at Abella’s room, Crouch landed in the hallway through a vent in the ceiling.
A torch on the wall was the only light.
‘Alphafish probably doesn’t know. Well, it might be better not to inform them.’
The law was so sensitive and subtle that even a slight change would be irreversible.
“Did the thief cat sneak all the way here?”
Crouch has no heart, but pretends to shrug his shoulders at superhuman speed.
‘Damn it, sooner or later.’
When I turned around, there was Natasha, a combat doll from Gustav’s 4th class, standing with her head tilted.
“Oh, Natasha. hello.”
In any case, Crouch was a lady-in-waiting named Orphe, so she bowed politely.
“You are really amazing.”
Orphe asked with a puzzled expression.
“yes? what do you mean… …
“Wow, that’s awesome! I don’t feel any clumsy energy! It’s a really great performance.”
It was none other than Kashan’s emperor, Theraze’s shadow, but he didn’t even have that thought in his head.
‘How did know?’ As if reading Crouch’s thoughts, Natasha said with a pitying expression.
“I was caught in the discipline of the Balkans. They hire an assassin once a month to kill Your Highness.”
In order to make up for the shortcoming of mob gi, which cannot catch the singular number, it was said that they risked an assassination once a month.
‘If an assassin is added, my life will also become a crowd.’
This was also expected, so Crouch did not panic and showed his true colors.
“Is that why you came to kill me?”
Her appearance, attitude, and even voice were the same, but Natasha felt like a completely different person.
“It’s really amazing. I just got goosebumps. anyways that’s right But he told me to find out who the assassin was. Find out if the assassination target is Your Highness or Abella.”
‘It’s comfortable because it’s an honest personality.’
Even though they lined up unnecessary words, on the other hand, I also felt ignored.
“I will tell you.”
Crouch took out the <Law Kill> from inside the maid’s dress.
“After cutting his throat.”
“Knock-knock! I like that too.”
As expected, Natasha was not nervous, but it was an opportunity for an Assassin to take advantage of the situation.
‘Funny. Natasha… …
Anyone can change the target anyway, and if it can be divided into Natasha, the assassination success rate will increase dramatically.
‘If that happens, it’s not a waste even if a doll is broken.’
Everyone has only one life, so Crouch, who has two lives, can perfectly stab the opponent’s blind spot.
“Then shall we begin?”
As Natasha lowered her center of gravity by bending her bow legs, her arms slowly rose above her shoulders.
“The Shinigami’s martial arts.”

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 803 - Law Murder (4).txt
===============================
Law Murder (4)
Natasha’s temperament changed.
‘Is it incarnation?’
Above her head, the upper half of a skeleton wearing a black hood shimmered like an illusion.
Ten fingers were sticking out as if playing a keyboard, and dozens of steel wires caught in the joints were connected to Natasha.
‘Right.’
I don’t know what ability it is.
“Are you also a doll?”
Natasha smiled madly.
“Let go! Release me!”
Gustav’s genius dancer, Natasha, was kidnapped by gangsters one day.
“You motherF*ckers! who made it Are you all sick?”
Daphne, second in the dance world, but the gap in skill was so great that they could not be called rivals.
“shut up! Knowing it won’t change anything!”
Natasha’s schema was completely flawless in art, and her spirit was the extreme of eccentricity beyond normal limits.
“Quick tie! Before the bodyguards come in!”
The assailants laid Natasha face down on a long desk and restrained her limbs with chains.
“What are you going to do? Shall I slap your ass?”
One of the assailants pulled out an iron club.
“Do it, do it now?”
The colleague nodded, and he roared and hit Natasha’s spine with all his might.
Natasha’s eyelids, which had been there at the time, closed tightly, and the sound of crackling was transmitted through her bones.
“Bad year. You don’t even scream.” Feeling her lower body go numb, Natasha lifted her sweaty face.
“How can you scream when you’re dying of pain!”
“I told you to shut up!”
Natasha’s eyes lit up as the iron club hit her back again.
“Huh!”
The assailant’s face was also covered with sweat.
“shit! Why isn’t it broken like this?” shouted Natasha, twisting her head as if about to break.
“You stupid child! If you’re going to do it, finish it in one shot! what are you doing!”
“Aww! die!” The assailant hit him on the waist, but his momentum was already broken and his strength was not working properly.
“Aww! it’s annoying!”
Natasha, weeping in pain, pulled the chains around her wrists.
“You can’t even swing a stick right in front of a woman’s ass! Are you a goja’?”
The assailant, who regained consciousness at her mockery, bit his molars and swung his arm vertically.
“Keugh!”
Finally, I heard a snap and a spine snapping sound.
Natasha was crippled from the waist down.
But she never found out who had severed her spine, nor did she take revenge.
‘Ah, I don’t know. I just need to live a rough life.’ Because she didn’t hate her again
could dance
Crouch lowered his gaze somewhat.
‘In exchange for giving up the subject of life, what I got is multiple lives.’
And Natasha… … .
“Let’s dance together.”
I became a puppet of a god of death and was able to raise all the stats of my body to the realm of transcendence.
‘come!’
At the same time as feeling alive, Crouch opened the distance with quick steps.
“Is it a fun rhythm?”
As tremendous speed was added to the stride that mixed the rhythm, it was as if the movement was disconnected.
“How long can you dance?”
The number of people who zoomed for more than 1 second with Natasha was counted on one hand.
‘ fast??????
As the god of death’s white fingers began to dance, Natasha’s figure scattered as an afterimage.
‘… … Not enough!’
A crackling sound rang in Crouch’s ears, and his vision spun.
‘damn!’
Before he had time to use his spare life to fight back, his head fell off and spun near the ceiling.
“What is it, are you cold?”
Crouch’s face crashed against the wall.
‘This is the 4th skill of Gustav… …
It was Havitz’s ability worthy of the four gods, who raised certain skills to the level of art.
‘It is indeed the pinnacle of movement.’ Clink!
One of the two porcelain dolls on the shelf shattered with a sharp sound.
“Hmm.”
A bitter silence leaked from Uorin’s mouth as she drank alone in the middle of the night.
“Wow, it looks like this.”
Slicing open Crouch’s stomach, Natasha inspected the complicated mechanism inside.
Black oil flowed instead of blood.
“It tastes awful.”
Natasha, who tasted it with her hand, frowned, but the lady-in-waiting who was on patrol was startled.
“Aww! what, what?”
“Yeah, nice to meet you. put this away Throw it in the garbage.”
The maid raised her head.
“yes? A dump?”
“It’s broken. I can’t even try to fix it.”
Natasha, who was about to leave leaving the maid in charge, stopped walking as if she had suddenly realized.
“Right, I said to find out who sent it.”
Her shoulders shrugged up.
“How about something?” “Ghmm, what’s so heavy?” The men carried the sacks with a whimper.
“There are all sorts of horrible dolls. I looked at it for a while and it looked like it was really alive. What is it?”
“Never mind, if you want to hold out for a long time. I’m going to go crazy if I pay attention to what’s going on in the imperial castle.”
The men who were swinging the turret like a swing threw the doll over the wall at the signal.
“Whoa, let’s go.” There was no movement inside the bag even while the men shook their hands and walked away.
It was on the wedding day of Havitz and Abella that wriggling movements were finally seen.
“damn.”
Crouch, who grabbed the hair on his face as the bag was torn apart, raised himself.
‘strong. It won’t be easy to wind up.’ It’s not a style that relies on force like Hitman, but the pride of being the best in the industry has been shattered.
‘That can’t be imitated.’
The realization of Natasha’s helplessness was worth losing one life.
‘The important thing is the initialization of <Math>.’
It was impossible to use Catenia because Vulcan was already preparing.
“I must die.”
To complete his last mission in life, Crouch jumped high over a wall.
The most splendid wedding in the Gustav Empire was held in Marsac’s garden.
There were 10,000 guests, and gold, silver, and treasures filled the palace’s warehouse.
Gustav was rewarded with gold.
“Hey, Natasha.”
On the way back after the reception, Bal Khan personally went to find Natasha.
“I mean an assassin. Are you sure you’re done?”
“huh. blew his neck off I also opened the boat and checked it. can’t stay alive But why?”
“No, just. Because it is an important day.” Vulcan rested her chin.
‘I entrusted it to Natasha, so there can be no mistakes. It is clear that he killed But the problem is that it’s a doll.’
I heard that in the East, there is a secret technique to infuse a doll with a soul.
‘Are you in Jincheon? I heard that the opponent was quite good, but why didn’t there be any special movement?’
There was no sign of crowd prayer.
“Why so serious? You keep hiring assassins. If you don’t get caught in the military discipline, you really don’t exist.”
“it is not so. The military flag reads the intent to kill, and we can’t even guarantee the existence of humans.”
Jetaro intervened.
“If an assassin with no intent to kill is staying in the imperial castle, you can’t capture the military discipline.”
Sumodo said.
“Anyway, it’s the same thing. An assassin without the intent to kill is not an assassin. What’s certain is that no one is thinking of killing Her Highness, right?”
The Balkans were stubborn.
“That is strange. If you don’t intend to kill Your Highness, why are you staying in the imperial castle’?”
Natasha raised her index finger.
“It is only an assumption that the assassin is staying in the imperial castle. I think you are digging too deep.”
This time, even Balkan could not refute.
“I don’t know. If you look at it simply, it’s clear, but it keeps feeling complicated. I feel like I’m missing something.”
Zetaro said.
“Because the other person was a doll. When unexpected results appear, other accidents continue to be questioned.”
” doll.”
Vulcan stopped walking.
“Natasha, go to the dump and check again.”
“I do sumodo every day. It is as it was.”
My king of sumo wrestling.
His ‘poetry of innocence’ sees through all kinds of differences except those that are essentially the same.
For example, he realizes that grasshopper A and grasshopper B are completely different organisms.
In addition, 1,000 knives made in the same mold can be classified according to their characteristics.
“Today is a different day. Come along and check it out. I’ll go to Her Highness and see if there’s anything wrong with it.”
“okay.”
There was no case of losing money by listening to Balkan, so the two headed to the garbage dump.
“Hey, Natasha.”
On the way, Sumodo said.
“Do you want to join me tonight?”
Natasha looked back in surprise.
“You don’t like being with the same girl, do you?”
“just… … I’m afraid I’ll be lonely.”
He, a man, is also confused about Havitz’s marriage, but how can Natasha, a woman, die?
“Hehe, what is it? Are you comforting me?”
“You are my friend.”
“Thank you for your heart, but it’s okay. You won’t be able to enjoy sumodo anyway, and I’m a bit like that today too.”
“Because he loves another woman, Harvits doesn’t leave us.” Natasha smiled brightly and nodded her head.
“yes.”
Arriving chatting, they opened the door of the dump and climbed up the pile.
“He must be buried here… … what?” Seeing the traces of the rubbish heap being dug up, Sumodo opened his eyes wide and shouted.
“different! Definitely different!”
“… … Sumo, I think I know this too.”
Like a prank on a grand scale, the assassin doll that had existed until yesterday disappeared.
On the way to Havitz and Abella’s newlywed apartment, Zetaro said.
“I know you doubt Abella. But if it did, she would have already been read as a discipline.”
Alphafish love Havitz.
“I know. The military is not certain. But if I hire an assassin, I will dig into that.”
If the reason why an assassin does not reveal his intention to kill is to maintain a singular number.
“I want to see His Majesty the Emperor. Send me a message.”
The lady-in-waiting bowed her back with an embarrassing gesture.
“Sorry, soldier. His Majesty has told us not to let anyone inside tonight.”
“It is urgent. Can you give me some words?”
The maid had to choose whether to be killed by Habits or Vulcan.
“You can cut me down and go.”
Because it was sincere, not a threat, Vulcan grunted with a face that looked like she was in trouble.
Jetaro laughed.
“Chuck! It was hot. Well, not even that. Isn’t this the day you’ve been looking forward to for 14 years?” Knowing how strict Havits was when it came to controlling his desires, Vulcan couldn’t ask for more.
“I can’t. Just go get a drink.”
“Then what happens?” Vulcan tasted it.
“What can I do? Let’s all sell ourselves.”
The laughter of Havitz and Abella echoed through the hundreds of rooms of the apartment.
“ha ha ha! that’s right! It used to be like that.”
“At that time, how well the uncle played the role of the monster. That’s right, is it really because you’re a monster?”
“Maybe. Fuhahaha!”
Harvits, who was drunk, was amused by anything she said, and was led into the room by Abella’s hand.
Each room had characteristics that allowed her to spend the first night, and the room she entered was a place where perverted acts were performed.
“Do it here?”
“yes. I really wanted to try it.”
From the wedding to the reception to the newlyweds, everything was according to the script that Abella had been taught.
“That’s why I didn’t let people in.”
“why? Do you hate uncle?”
“No, I like this too. Then what shall we do? How about this whip?”
“Whoops, good. But before that, I have something to prepare for.”
“preparation?”
Abella whispered in Havitz’s arms.
“I’m going to tie you up tight.”

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 804 - Law Murder (5).txt
===============================
Law Murder (5)
“where are you?”
As the steel wire caught in the skeleton’s finger swayed, Natasha’s speed increased even more.
“There, right aisle.”
The sumodo that Natasha was wearing on her arm read out Crouch’s movements through the clear poem.
“It has gone too far. What’s over there?”
“doesn’t exist. trying to get as far away as possible
hey. Maybe this could be dangerous.”
As they walked away from Harvitz’s apartment, it was clear that they had specific intentions they didn’t know about.
“Turn left here.”
Turning at right angles, Natasha ran down the long corridor.
“It must be a trap.”
“maybe. But not a trap for us. It is something we have to check.”
The place they arrived at was the dungeon of the imperial castle Marsak, and it was also a dead end on the last floor.
“Here you are.”
Crouch greeted him, holding the severed head in one hand.
“Your throat was cut, how are you alive?”
Natasha said in wonder, but Sumodo realized the seriousness of the situation.
“What are you up to?”
The severed head flashed open his eyes.
“nothing. I am just looking for a place to die.”
“okay?”
Sumodo said.
“catch. Never kill.”
Natasha’s body disappeared as if evaporating, and suddenly appeared with Crouch’s face stolen.
Woo woo woo woo!
With that alone, a strong wind blew through the dungeon.
‘There is no chance of winning in a head-to-head confrontation.’
Since he already knew Natasha’s skills, Crouch happily turned his face.
“amazing. But how do you kill it?”
The corner of Crouch’s mouth went up as Natasha lifted her face to gaze level.
“Come to think of it, I didn’t say this.”
At the same time, the headless body rushed forward and thrust a dagger into Natasha’s abdomen.
“I needed a companion on the way to the underworld.” The uniqueness of the dagger held by Crouch strongly pressed Sumodo’s clumsy poetry.
‘Is that an object?’ suddenly realized
“Damn it!
In a room full of perverted tools, the men and women’s rough breaths heated the air.
Even while they were kissing each other deeply, Alpha Fish and Abella couldn’t hate Havitz.
‘I can’t do it. The mission… … She tells her that assassinating her Harvits is like her homework, something her desire doesn’t force her to do.
It was her will to give back what she had received because an innocent person had died in her place.
“Mister, let’s begin.”
I pushed Havitz’s chest, and he flopped down on the blood-red bed.
Abella, riding on the body of Koopa Koopa Havitz, pulled out the chain handcuffs from the head of the cage and placed them on Havitz’s left hand.
■& “S’ w
—,—-?
As if having fun, Havitz laughed, and Abella kissed her softly and sighed.
‘This time with the right hand.’
The chains made a scratching sound.
“Big!”
Crouch shuddered at the firm sensation felt through the handle of <Law Kill>.
‘It seems to have stabbed a rock.’
She was clearly aiming for the heart, but her muscles were holding the blade as hard as stone.
“You can’t die because you’re a doll?” Natasha pulled Crouch’s face closer as if she wasn’t interested in the blade in her abdomen.
“No, if that’s all you can do is destroy the doll. Do you have multiple lives?”
Crouch was stabbing with all his might, but the dagger was still pushed out by more than half.
“It is weak after all. If he was strong, he would have used the same method as me.”
Natasha is also a doll, but she was confident that she would not be destroyed.
“How many? It won’t be infinite. Even if I die this time, will I come back to life? Shall we experiment?”
Natasha looked into Crouch’s eyes as she asked the question, and smiled as if realizing it.
“Is this the last?”
Sumodo said.
“Natasha, don’t be rash.”
<Law killing>, which is evaluated as mankind’s worst weapon.
‘Law Murder. It’s not a problem to solve here.’
It was my first time seeing it with my own eyes, but considering the brutal history contained in the dagger, I had to approach it carefully.
“Answer me honestly. what are you decorating? What is my intention in <Slaughter>?”
Natasha’s arms swelled as Crouch fell silent.
“Big!”
Crouch’s head, which was caught in both hands, collapsed like a balloon with a thunderous sound.
‘The face skeleton is steel, but it’s monstrous strength.’
For Natasha, who is ruled by incarnations, the limitations of her physical abilities are meaningless.
“Sumodo, what should I do? I don’t think I feel any pain. Then you can’t even torture.”
“no. That’s it.”
Sumodo made the decision.
“Just keep it like this. <Slaughter> changes the law. As long as it’s stuck in your chest, nothing happens.”
“Aha, is that so?”
Crouch’s eyes flashed with despair.
“I’m holding out here. I’ll tell Vulcan and come back. If Abella goes… …
Dang. Dang. Dang.
The moment Sumodo turned around, he heard a bell announcing midnight on the other side of the wall.
“Quack.”
The corners of Crouch’s mouth parted grotesquely.
“I won.”
Sumodo shouted.
“Natasha! Kill!”
As soon as the words fell, all of Natasha’s fingers stood up, and Crouch’s head shattered as if juice were being squeezed out.
‘It’s a good muscle.’
At the end of his life, Crouch twisted the handle of his dagger with all his might.
‘It’s the perfect muscle.’
It was a muscle so strong that even an arrow could bounce off it, so the dagger cut with a clicking sound.
‘It’s not killing people.’ All according to Crouch’s script.
‘Circumstances kill.’
Crouch’s body collapsed, and Natasha finally looked at her heart.
“Sumodo, Dando… …
The blade that was embedded in it faded like an illusion and then slowly disappeared into the air.
“what? What a law!”
Although the effects of <Law Kill> were well known, only Minerva knew the detailed function.
Shouting at the dead would not change anything, so Sumodo turned and left the dungeon.
“We need to inform the Balkans!”
Natasha snatched him like a swallow and galloped off.
“Are you ready?”
Abella’s heart ached at the voice of Havitz, who was excited like a mischievous person.
Dang. Dang. Dang.
Then the bell announcing midnight rang.
‘This is the beginning.’
As if under a mild hypnosis, the moment I heard the sound of the bell, my heart boiled.
“yes. Everything is ready.”
Abella, who had restrained Harvitz’s limbs, raised his upper body with his waist between his legs.
“Hehehe, the woman who rode the emperor. so… … What are you going to do now?”
“If you wait, you will know.”
Abella’s voice was cold, but Havits nodded, thinking that even that was a game.
‘That the bell rang.’
That Crouch was gone in one way or another.
‘‘Slaughter’ is… …
By stabbing Natasha, the target would have been changed and the user’s intent to kill would have been reset.
‘It must have been broken.’
Crouch risked his life to destroy <Math> to find the closest user who hates the target… … .
“mister.”
It will come into the hands of Abella.
“sorry.”
Abella, who was holding <Law Kill> in reverse, looked down at Havitz with a cold gaze.
Havitz blinked as he looked up at the vertically erected dagger, as if to stab himself at any moment.
“It’s not the game I was thinking of.” In Abella’s eyes, there was a clear intent to kill.
had been planted
“I know you did a lot for me. I was able to escape my fate as a witch, and I was able to open a pretty shop… …
The tip of the dagger trembled.
“But you have killed too many people so far. And in the future… …
“pee.”
As Abella shrugged and looked down, Havitz nodded slowly and said,
“If you think so, you can do it that way.”
Abella felt a great fear.
‘What am I doing?’
If riding a single rope is an adult, it felt like the other rope was broken and falling toward infinite freedom.
“I will kill you!”
“know. That’s what you want to do.”
no.
‘That’s not what I want to do! Oh, because he’s a bad person, and that’s why he has to die… …
what I really want to do.
‘I don’t know. I don’t know what to do!’
Who is Habitz, and whether I really deserve to kill this person… … .
‘Who gives that qualification!’
What would happen to the world if Havitz were killed?
‘I don’t know anything!’
perfect chaos.
For the first time in her life to break away from the law, Abella trembled at the vast freedom.
“majesty!”
With a bang, the door opened, and all of the Gustav 4th arts came into the room.
Everyone was mesmerized by the unbelievable sight even though they imagined it.
“Valkan.”
Harvits turned his head.
“Didn’t I tell no one to come in? Today is the day of me and Abella.”
“What are you talking about? You look like you’re going to die soon.”
“scram.”
Havitz looked up at the dagger again.
“When I die, Abella will be the emperor. let me do whatever i want It would be nice to make the whole world a flower garden.”
Zetaro shook his shoulders.
“Puhihit]! That’s so funny! flower
A field.”
Balkan also had no way to tell him that his best friend wanted to spend the first night alone with his wife.
“All right.”
After leaving a futilely short answer, I turned around and the remaining three followed.
The visit is closed.
‘what? did you go away? really?’
“Abella.”
Startled, Abella looked away.
“If there is something you want to do, do it comfortably. It’s something I’ve wanted to do for a long time.”
“Huh?????
Abella’s eyes lit up.
“Why, why are you nice to me? You killed a lot of people! But why are you only doing this to me!”
“Because we are friends.”
The reason was simple.
“Sometimes when I have too much fun with my friends, I kill and die.”
In Abella’s head, she heard the sound of something that had been forming her up until now snapping.
“Black! black!”
Without holding back the falling tears, she spread her upper body like a bow and raised the dagger.
“Aaaaaaa!”
As I crouched down with all my might, letting out a shrieking sound, the flesh of the law became stuck.
Havitz didn’t even blink.
As he brushed his ear, the dagger lodged in the bed suddenly began to vibrate violently.
“Keugh!”
As soon as Abella let go of her hand, <Law Slaughter> was destroyed.
‘Eh, why?’
Kashan, Aganos.
“Uorin.”
When Minerva, accompanied by Jiandao, opened the door roughly, Uorin was seen holding fragments of a porcelain doll.
“… … You didn’t come back.”
Gando didn’t clean for her this time either.
“If I had one left, I was thinking of retiring.”
“For him, retirement would have been death. Let’s think of it as the most wonderful retirement ceremony ever.”
Uorin carefully collected the fragments.
“How about Marsak?”
Minerva gave a thumbs up.
“Succeeded in depriving the target. Alpha Fish seems to have completed its mission properly.”
“??????okay.”
Uorin, who got up from her seat, had a sad feeling on her face.
“Gando, assemble the <Slaughter> team and the Ex-Machina team. From now on, it’s a real game.”
“All right.”
It was the beginning of the Harvitz assassination plan.

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 805 - That Winter(1).txt
===============================
that winter (1)
Sirone and Minerva wandered all over the world, looking for traces of <Slaughter>.
“Target deprivation.”
said Minerva, sitting on the jet.
“When the user’s intent to kill is reset, it’s called changing the target. And when you destroy the dagger.”
Sirone took her word for it.
“‘The Law Killer’ reappears in front of the closest person capable of eliminating its target.”
“However, if the new user does not kill the target due to a change of heart, <Slaughter> destroys itself and deprives the user.”
Even Sirone didn’t know what happened after that.
“The killing intent of <Slaughter> is strong enough to twist the law. That’s why the moment you can’t kill it, it breaks. To put it in a human way, it was a tantrum.”
“Hate.”
“okay. When deprivation of the object occurs, the hatred of <Law Killing> is maximized. Even if Harbitz is out of the law, it will be a formidable match if it is <Math Murder> that is deprived of the target.” Sirone looked back. “Where will you be?”
“Target deprivation is the maximum value of <Music Killing> function. But the downside is that it doesn’t appear in front of people.”
“Then there is no way to find it.”
“It’s hard, but it’s not like finding a needle in the desert. If <Slaughter> had been born now… …
Minerva’s eyes narrowed in sorrow.
“Because the area must have already been devastated.”
While Sirone’s team was recovering <Math>, the Ex-Machina team went into final inspection.
Thousands of papers with algorithms were attached to the walls, and there were piles of papers on the tables.
“Alpha fish, or pilot fish, enter the aquarium first and create an environment for beta fish to live in.”
Iruki said while sorting out the paperwork.
“The fact that Abella has changed her mind means that Havitz has also accepted her.”
said Gudio, who was writing on the board.
“The strategy that a person born with the fate of a witch would be able to capture Havitz’s heart worked well.”
Iruki nodded.
“I don’t know how sincere Havitz is, but this will somehow bind you to the law.”
It was an alpha fish to create that environment.
“I lost Crouch in return, but… …
After a moment of condolences, Iruki put the last document in the safe and stood up.
“Now, what we have to do is to create the best law to snipe Havitz until we can retrieve the <Slaughter>.”
Agaya opened the door.
“It is said that <Law Killing> in the state of object deprivation does not distort the law. Instead, it becomes the law itself.”
Gudio, Mays and Ness followed.
“In addition to the Gustav 4 skills, there are numerous bulletproof units and facilities protecting Habitz. As long as you live in Marsak, sniping is impossible.”
A fortress that cannot even be approached by non-alpha fish.
“It is our role to make gaps in the fortress.”
Finally, Iruki left the room and arrived at the Ex-Machina device in the basement.
‘I will definitely find it, that gap.’ The door opened, spewing out steam, and the five best Servants in the world entered.
Touhou, Moon Kingdom.
Moon, one of the Seven Kings, was the leader of the 7 Eastern Kingdoms, excluding the Jincheon Empire, and was at the forefront of magic.
“Ugh. Death, death is visible.”
At the entrance of Chiaksan Mountain, the hand holding the bell of the royal shaman trembled.
“I cannot climb. From now on, the only thing waiting for us is darkness deeper than the abyss.”
Chiaksan.
It was a mountain of heavenly blessing, where people had not lived since ancient times because of the steep mountain terrain, and vicious beasts guarded the place.
“Okay, let’s go quickly. I’m waiting for you in the back.”
Minerva pointed to the soldiers of the Moon Kingdom that stretched behind her and said.
“Are you sure you want to go? Although I am a royal shaman, I cannot block this aura.”
Sirone looked up at the snow-covered mountains.
‘This is Mr. Minerva’s… …
When I first met Minerva, the killing spirit that seemed like I was going to lose my mind was dominating the mountain.
“So, if something like this had happened, shouldn’t we have reported it sooner rather than later? After all, kings.”
It was two months ago that disaster came to the Moon kingdom, but the kingdom decided against it for diplomatic reasons.
According to the rumors of the houses, the screams of demon beasts could be heard from the mountain every day.
“It must be the work of <Law Killing>.” Minerva stood next to Sirone.
“The grudge that didn’t kill the target of the murder is endlessly amplified and wipes out everything around it.”
There was no need to move the <Law Kill>, and quite a few creatures would die just with the intent to kill.
“Once you go up. I need to check it out.”
Climbing the mountain along the path made by the wild beasts, Sirone discovered that many of the dead bodies of the beasts were piled up.
“They are all dead.”
Herbivorous animals such as rabbits and deer living on the mountainside were frozen and dead without a single wound.
“Wow! Whoa!”
The lowest-ranking soldiers started vomiting, and then the senior officers also vomited.
“We must stop here. I can’t go any higher!”
The shaman warned again.
“Anyway, I’m weak and fall for it.”
They were also considered elite, but the energy of <Law Killing> that spread over the mountain belonged to Minerva.
“Wait here. Only me and Sirone go up.”
No one objected to Oh Dae-seong’s instructions, and the two headed for the summit through the mid-slope.
“oh my god… …
In the field where even the grass died, the corpses of vicious monsters, goblins born of emotion, and monsters as huge as houses were visible.
“I fought back.”
Minerva’s eyes, which had changed into a girl’s form before she knew it, contained sorrowful emotions.
“First the grasses die, then the herbivores. When there was nothing more to kill, I roamed the mountains and drilled through whatever I came across.”
There were signs of penetration all over the body.
“Whether they have intelligence or not, they instinctively realized that if they couldn’t get rid of that sword that suddenly entered the mountain, they would all die. That’s why I came all the way here after chasing <Slaughter>… …
The result was annihilation.
“That’s the hatred I had for the world.”
Just by looking at the scenery of Chiaksan Mountain, I could see how cruel Minerva’s heart was.
“And now it’s a fragment that can’t be removed and still roams the world.”
The place where the girl arrived was the top of the mountain, where <The Law> was printed like a print in the cold snow.
In an all-white world, only the surroundings of the sword shimmered in purple.
Minerva reached out and drew the dagger.
got it
“That’s why I already gave it to you, but only I can retrieve the <Math> of object deprivation.”
I found <Slaughter>.
“Miss Minerva… …
As Sirone moved to comfort her, a voice was heard from the other side of the mountain.
“You are late. Isn’t the tension relieved when the two busy Oh Dae-seongs go around together?”
Minerva frowned the moment she saw the man stepping on his eyes.
“Mahoro Amanta.” It was the one who turned the world wheel, the Five Stars of the Balance Department.
“It’s the first time I’ve seen Sirone-kun. I should have congratulated you, but I’m really busy with work.”
Minerva returned to her adult form.
“Sirone-kun? They are definitely the same Oh Daesung. Also, isn’t Sirone the one with strong breath?”
Among the Five Great Stars, the person who was most comfortable singing Sirone was Minerva, but Amanta didn’t care.
‘The Five Great Stars of the Balance Department?’
His brown skin was shaved, and wrinkles were deeply engraved around his eyes, showing traces of three waves.
T-r-r-r-r-r-r!
When he clicked his middle finger, a small wheel-shaped world wheel spun between his thumb and index finger.
“so? What did Oh Dae-sung of the busy Balance Department come here for?”
“Now that Buddha is gone, there is no opposite of philanthropy. I was worried that I might be going too far.”
Minerva did not allow Sirone to intervene.
“Ojilap is as wide as the universe. no need to worry about that Because I am doing much better than you.”
“It doesn’t look like that to my eyes.
but.”
T-r-r-r-r-r-r!
The wind-up sound was very annoying.
“Sirone-kun’s philanthropy is only the aspirations of ‘certain’ people, and does not represent the entire world.”
Eventually, Sirone stepped out.
“Isn’t it okay if we can love each other without suffering?”
“Yes, no.”
Amanta was adamant.
“This world is just a ‘background to live in’, there are no rules on how to live.”
The Balance Department promotes all users in the world.
“Sirone-kun is a person with the ability to destroy time. Depending on whether it is used or not, it is a powerful force that can disrupt the order of the world. Therefore, your philanthropy is nothing more than a foul if the ball is not balanced.”
“You allowed me to abort.”
“The Buddha permitted the apostasy, but he did not support you. That is why I came out.”
Minerva asked.
“so? Are you even going to have a fight with us?”
“It’s about striking a balance.”
The world wheel broke away from Amanta’s hand and flew rapidly towards Sirone.
“Sirone! damage!”
Minerva shouted, but Sirone, already angry, grabbed the wheel with her hands.
“Your argument is just an idea. I have no intention of giving up my thoughts.”
Amanta pointed to the sky and twirled her fingers.
“Wrong. It’s not a thought to me. It just triggers the user protection program.”
“What is that… … ?”
“I am the one who realized the center of the universe.” That’s why he was the one who obtained the authority to turn the world wheel without leaning anywhere.
“With that authority, I will seal your fraternity.”
“Sirone! Let go of the world wheel!”
Before Minerva could finish her words, the captured world wheel began to rotate at a tremendous speed.
“Keugh!”
Amanta sent Sirone away.
“No force can overcome the balance.”
Sirone’s wrists twisted, her arms twisted, and finally her whole body, starting with her shoulders, began to rotate.
‘It gets sucked in.’
Already, the whole body was twisted like laundry, and the whole world rotated along with the infinitely growing wheel.
As light and darkness intersect in front of my eyes, my mind began to go into confusion.
joy! red! joy! joy! joy!
When the sound of a huge blade spinning was heard, Sirone regained consciousness.
I was looking at the ceiling, where a metal fan over 200 meters in diameter was spinning.
“Why did you come here, representative of mankind?”
As the unknown language was decoded into Ultima, Sirone suddenly looked around.
It was a dome-shaped space with a wagon wheel pattern engraved on the inner wall.
“Where is this?”
The Terra Force priests surrounding 360 degrees spoke in unison.
“It is a prison of balance. A perfect containment space that restrains things that are out of balance in the universe.”
“How long?”
“You committed a breach of time. You cannot leave this place until Buddha appears in the world.”
“Please call Justice Terraforce.”
“It is the perfect isolation space. It is out of the law, and there is only you, the one who upsets the balance.”
Sirone sighed.
“You allowed me to abort.”
“We have a user protection program. All it does is isolate the error until system recovery is done.”
“No, I don’t mean that… … Shirone shook her head and spoke again.
“Apostasy… … I said it was wrong.”
As the light of Yahweh rose above Sirone’s head, the huge fan on the ceiling stopped moving.
‘Reverse!’
As the speed of the fan, which rotated in the opposite direction, gradually increased, a halo of light was born.
“stop! If you break out of the Prison of Balance without permission… … !”
How did it go?
Since this was unprecedented, even the priests of Terraforce could not speak.
‘Huh!’
As the scenery in front of her eyes changed, the world wheel rotating in reverse returned Shirone’s body.
“What is this?”
Amanta’s eyes shook in shock as Sirone threw the world wheel into the snow and clenched her teeth.
“How to jailbreak… …
Because the concept itself was confined, it was normal that even Yahweh could not escape.
“no way?”
Amanta suddenly realized.
‘There is only one possible case.’
The system does not recognize hex as an error.

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 806 - That Winter(2).txt
===============================
that winter (2)
‘It is surely possible for Yahweh to reverse the rotation of the world wheel. but… …
If you were already trapped in the prison of balance, it was normal to be completely isolated.
‘Isn’t it an error?’
A being free from the law, not even Terraforce, the guardian of the law, could define him.
‘It’s not just about the strength of Yahweh.’
What this incident tells Amanta is that perhaps this world is not a place to ‘just live’.
In other words, it means that someone who designed this world had a specific intention.
“Why does Hexa exist?”
Sirone couldn’t answer that question.
“It’s good anyway.”
When Amanta held out her hand, the wheel that had been buried in the snow returned with the sound of a cold wind.
T-r-r-r-r-r-r!
law to return.
“Even if the law recognizes fraternity, it doesn’t change that your actions cause a great murder.”
said Minerva.
“But I can’t let the atrocities go unnoticed. Terraforce also destroys the civilization if evil stains the world, right?”
“That’s why I want to dry it.”
Amanta stopped the world wheel.
“Currently there is no Buddha. If even philanthropy cannot destroy atrocities, this world will be tainted with evil to the extreme.”
As a result, Syrone’s philanthropy causes countless casualties in the world.
“It’s enough to punish the atrocities.”
“Even if the Ivory Tower and Gustaf wage an all-out war right now, it will be a difficult war. Would it be possible with <Slaughter>? If I turn the world wheel, both good and evil will subside to some extent.”
Assuming Buddha and Yahweh are absent, Amanta can reduce the number of good and evil to 30 percent of their current level.
Then the world would be worth living.
“Obviously, there is a way to neutralize both camps and delay the destruction. But it is also the extreme of the center.”
Amanta looked back at Sirone.
“I don’t think Yahweh can handle it. If Sirone-kun upsets the balance, I will fight you anytime.”
“Maybe you can’t afford it.” Sirone was adamant.
“But I will handle it.”
Amanta shook her head slowly, but she knew it was pointless to say any more.
“Don’t expect human feelings from me. I am the one who realized the center of the world. It just keeps you in balance.” The world wheel spun rapidly in his hand and absorbed Amanta’s body before disappearing.
Sirone sighed.
“Whoa, I was really scared because I thought I was trapped.”
Minerva approached Sirone, glaring at the place where Amanta had disappeared.
“It’s not something to be taken lightly. In the World Ring, only the center of rotation is intact. If the inertia skews either way, Amanta will shave off the bulge.”
“Even if it’s good.”
Minerva nodded.
“That is the center. Because he knows that clumsy good encourages evil.”
That was the philosophy of Odaeseong of the Balance Department.
“No matter what Amanta thinks, we can just do our job. We’ve also retrieved <Spell Kill>, so let’s go back.”
Clumsy good encourages evil.
‘Am I clumsy?’
As Amanta said, if the day really comes that Yahweh can’t handle… … .
“Yes, go back.”
Although it is Sirone who has risen to the top of the world, the question of the pole only grew.
It snowed heavily once every three days.
“Go out! It’s a departure!”
Except for 70% of Gustav Empire’s troops fighting the Holy War, all soldiers advanced to the Republic of Kotria.
What is different from the usual is that this time, he intends to occupy the Republic of Korea.
As if revealing the will of the Balkans, the elite 1st Army, an infantry unit, had joined the 30% army.
“We have to tear down the walls of Bashken, the capital of Korea.”
At Vulcan’s command, a man over two meters tall with black hair protruding protruded prostrated himself.
“I will definitely fall.”
First Commander, Ogent Guy.
Ryan’s eldest brother, he was originally a certified 6th grade swordsman in Tormia, but he learned something through his long espionage life.
‘A truly strong sword does not require miscellaneous beliefs.’
Abandoning his country only for the sword, he settled in the Gustav Empire four years ago.
‘The essence of a sword is only cutting.’ Nickname is Berserker.
As a first-class swordsman certified by Gustav and the commander of an army of 600,000, he was proving his sword.
Vulcan understood Guy.
‘Even if it’s a family member, there will be no mercy for the berserker’s sword.’
Doubt believe that you will capture Bashken
didn’t hit
During the final defense of the Republic of Korea, Kashan secretly moved the Ex-Machina.
The location was a small village 84 kilometers from Bashken, and the next day the rookie and the card players arrived.
“Isn’t ‘Slaughter’ delivered properly?”
Iruki replied.
“Sirone won’t make a mistake. He will be preparing to snipe from High River Hill.”
Haigang is the lower Gurunji, an area 142 km from Bashken.
“It is the best place within the radius of the Ex-Machina. Sirone and Minerva decided to help with the detailed work.”
said Ness.
“It’s a real match from the moment <Slaughter> passes the 80 kilometer mark. There shouldn’t be an inch of error.”
“Havitz has marched out to capture the Republic of Korea, but the defense is still strong.”
Normally, <Law Kill> wouldn’t be able to penetrate the many obstacles and get stuck in Havitz’s heart.
“The sniping time was 7 days, 3 hours, 31 minutes and 28.463 seconds. These coordinates are the only gap we found.”
The people playing the card game nodded.
“There is still time. Let’s check until the end to see if we missed anything.”
“More, more firepower! Almost done! Can you see the fear of the Cotria bastards!”
By the time the cold of winter reached its peak, the 1st infantry unit of the Gustav Empire was on the verge of capturing the castle.
The Republic of Korea sent its own great swordsman to induce Ilto, but Ogent Guy decapitated him in 12 moves.
“A monster, a monster!”
Wearing iron armor heavier than his body and wielding a long sword, Gai looked like a demon.
A whopping 20 percent of the 1,000 troops died at his hands, and eventually Kotria locked the gates tightly.
“Sheesh! Why are you wasting time?” If the charter had tilted this far, it would have been normal if the white flag had already flown.
‘Is there another target?’ I was even more curious because there was no report from Vulcan that the Ex-Machina was in operation.
“It doesn’t matter.”
Above the sea of corpses, Gai drew his sword and turned toward the garrison.
“If you pierce anything, it’s enough.”
Even though he abandoned everything for the sword, the swordsman’s temperament still belonged to the Ogent family.
The officials of the Gustav Empire, who controlled the noble district of Bashken, were busy collecting the spoils.
“Kyaaak! Help me!”
Valuable items, broken or not, were swept away in bundles, and young women were enslaved on the spot.
While the highest nobles gathered in the square and knelt, Habitz and Abella appeared.
“You wicked bastard! Do you think the world will go your way!”
The first-class nobleman shouted with his eyes wide open, but he was immediately hit by a hedgehog with the spear of the army.
Abella’s gaze at the scene
was calm.
‘This is my destiny.’
It is true that after being baptized by Havitz, the single line in my head was cut off.
However, it must have been because of his childhood experiences that his heart was less disturbed even in such a dreary landscape.
“Abella.”
Havitz affectionately wrapped his arms around Abella’s shoulder.
“Once you capture the castle, I will give you everything that comes out of this country.”
Since Havitz was everything in the world, Abella wanted nothing.
“That’s Okay. All it takes is one of the prettiest flowers in the country.”
“good. then… …
Havitz walked over to the dead nobleman.
“dad! dad!”
Young children hugged their father’s corpse and cried, but Havitz’s expression did not change.
“You bastard! I must… … Gagging!”
Before he could finish his words, the spear pierced his lungs.
“Hmm, what are we going to do now?”
After marrying Abella, Havitz was happy, but his cruelty was not blunted in the slightest.
Vulcan raised an eyebrow.
‘It’s not because I’m angry and killed.’
For Havitz, the world was just a square and a playground, coming and going.
“no! Free my daughter! rather me… … !”
Seeing someone’s family die and become enslaved, Havitz sang.
“The shelter of my love… …
such a beautiful voice.
“Become my flower and bloom in my heart.”
Even the vibration of your delicately trembling lips seems to mock the world… … .
“You are not human! you are the devil! Say no to evil!”
Families of the victims had blood vessels burst in their eyes.
“Where are the cheeky things!”
Another spear flew, and by the time the song ended, half of the nobles were dead.
“good.”
Harvitz, who finished the song calmly, looked around the plaza and pointed to an alley.
“Bring the author.”
The beggar, unable to escape because of his legs, was leaning against the wall, trembling.
“Aww! Help me!”
Havitz knelt down and put his hand on his head.
“From now on, you are the king of this country.”
“Ahh… … OMG… …
Then, he directly stuffed his sword into the beggar’s waist and gave instructions.
“The king is the one who rules everything. Prove your worth with this sword. Then everyone will worship you.”
Although he lived a hungry life, he was quick to notice, so the beggar looked back at the nobles with frightened eyes.
‘If I can’t rule, I will die.’ As I limped and approached the nobles, eyes of disgust shot from all sides.
The beggar drew his sword and pointed the point at the middle-aged woman’s chin.
“I, worship me. Kneel before me and swear to follow me.”
“Two!”
The middle-aged woman spit on the beggar’s face.
“this!”
Sanity broke, and the sword descended vertically and cut the woman’s face exactly in half.
No one was screaming, and the beggar let out a heavy breath and looked around and shouted.
“Keep your head down! I mean obey me!”
“right… …
Everyone bowed their heads toward the beggar.
“Our King!”
The sight of the highest nobles worshiping made the beggar feel so happy that his spirit flew away.
“Puhahaha! okay! i am the king! I am now… … omg!”
Havitz approached me from behind, hugged me by the shoulder, and tapped me with the palm of my hand.
“how is it? Isn’t the king fun too?”
“yes? Ah yes! Best! majesty! I will serve you for the rest of my life!”
The beggar was excited.
“No, since you are the king, there is no need to serve me. You just have to have fun.”
Havitz pointed to the nobles and said.
“It’s all yours. Enjoy it.”
Returning to the soldiers, Havitz took off the Emperor’s cloak and threw it high into the sky.
Zetaro asked.
“What’s wrong? Where are you uncomfortable?”
“No, I thought this would be fun. I’m sick of being emperor. I will become a beggar from now on.”
“Ughhhh! Would that be fun?”
When Zetaro turned his head, Sumodo and Natasha also nodded, showing their colors.
Balkan said.
“Don’t get too carried away. I am still… …
“let’s go! It is a beggar rebellion!”
As the three of them, already absorbed in the game, ran to the private house, Vulcan said to Abella.
“Why don’t you dry it off?”
Abella shook her head with a bitter smile.
“Who’s stopping that personality?”
The beggar carried on the back of the nobleman brandished a sword.
“From now on, women wash my body. Guys, get clothes that suit me! Got it!”
“… … all right.”
It was the height of chaos.

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 807 - That Winter(3).txt
===============================
that winter (3)
High River Hills.
Beta fish Jysteen looked down at the meadow in front of her and focused her mind.
‘father.’
It was decapitated right in front of her eyes with a sound like that of a livestock being choked.
‘mother.’
I was horribly abused.
‘My precious family, even the families of those families… …
One day, suddenly, without knowing why, her life was hit by a carpet bombing.
‘I wasn’t comfortable either.’
The reason he was able to save his life during the bombing was probably because his own life was more important than his family.
‘sorry. mom and dad.’
The moment I realized one thing I had been ignoring and living for, tears poured down like a waterfall.
‘I wanted to live.’
To comfort her at her young age, her life was dotted with all sorts of cowardice.
‘And the nameless someone who would have died in my place.’
He could have escaped Havitz’s net because he mistook a certain child for J-Steen.
“Mr. Jaysteen, it’s time.”
Sirone and Minerva came from both sides.
‘I’m done!’
In her eyes, which flashed upwards, there was the most intense anger in the world.
“Through this… …
When Sirone opened the lid of the red metal box, the <Spell> gave off a bloody smell.
and vibrated.
“Is that weird?”
The 1st Commander Gai, who was attacking Bashken’s castle, came to Vulcan and reported it.
“yes. Even though the castle is already isolated, it neither activates the Ex-Machina nor gives up.”
“Hmm.”
Guy is a madman.
‘But that’s how trust goes.’ He doesn’t have the ability to read military discipline dispassionately, but his intuition about war is as keen as a Vulcan’s.
“What are you up to?”
“There is no reason not to activate the Ex-Machina. Maybe it’s preparing for a blow of conversion that we don’t know about… …
Vulcan’s eyes flashed open.
“Damn it!”
Guy raised his head.
“Why is that?”
It was not something to tell others.
“no. You lead the riot squad right now and go to the outer castle gate. No one should be allowed into the capital.”
“The outer castle gate has already been breached. No additional troops from the crusade are being reported… …
“It’s something only you can do.” Vulcan added.
“You will not be disappointed.”
That was enough for Guy.
“All right.”
Gai was a key word in the Balkans in that nothing was asked as long as he could wield a sword.
The Vulcan, who had launched Guy, strode towards the temporary barracks.
‘Ex-Machina, and <Law Killing>. damn! It was all a set procedure from the beginning.’
All I heard from Abella was that Kashan had sent her to kill Havits.
‘She must have lied. Harvits assassination is from now on.’
Vulcan entered the barracks and shouted.
“Prepare the entire army to retreat! Deploy all available personnel and bring His Majesty the Emperor!”
“yes? But why retreat now…”
Vulcan did not give his subordinates a chance to refute.
“What about the Empress?”
“He is resting in a noble residence.”
Vulcan, who quickly finished arming himself, nodded and pulled up the tent in the barracks.
‘I hope it’s not too late… …
Jaysteen said.
“I was afraid. Even with the deaths of countless people on my back, I just turned a blind eye. I thought I could run away.”
〈Slaughter of the Law〉, in which object deprivation took place, loses its purpose and retains arrogance while the end is unknown.
“Thank you for giving me this opportunity.”
J-Steen held <Slaughter> in his hand.
“This is the dagger.”
As the intent to kill permeated the dagger, a scream was heard as if the sky was being torn apart.
Sirone swallowed his saliva.
‘Perhaps this is Minerva’s cry as a child.’
It was terrible.
“I will begin.”
Sirone took out an atomic clock made of material and measured the time to snipe the law.
“41.331 seconds left until the coordinates designed by Iruki.”
The number on the electronic board dropped below 30 seconds.
“You won’t be able to hit it right.”
Even if J-Steen was good at sniping, it was difficult to catch 1/1000th of a second.
“That’s why we are here. I will coordinate the law while communicating with Iruki.”
Minerva added.
“So don’t think about time. What we want from you is hatred that cannot be compared to anything else.”
“I am sure of that.”
With 10 seconds left, J-Steen closed her eyes.
‘Havitz.’
In her image, Havitz became a huge flame, flicking the devil’s tongue.
‘Not for the sake of the world.’
Because it’s not middle five.
‘Only my personal grudge. therefore… …
The flames of the image exploded and the face of J-Steen shedding bloody tears was born.
‘die!’
Sirone said.
“Four seconds.”
Jysteen, who grieved at this, grabbed the dagger and spread her legs wide apart.
“Yaaaaaaa!”
She let out a scream as if her throat would be torn apart and bounced her upper body, then threw it as if she were spraying <Law Kill>.
“… … AA AA AA!”
The most extreme way hate can choose.
bang!
As the air exploded like thunder, the trajectory of <False> stretched out like a clothesline.
“depart!”
Sirone and Minerva chased <Law Kill>, but it had already disappeared from sight.
‘That’s a lot of speed. what the hell is this… …
Only the screams of <Law Killing>, which contained 14 years of resentment, filled the place belatedly.
“Sirone! get on!” Minerva, unlike usual, came to the side with Jet between her legs.
“I will fly at full speed. my huh
Grab Lee.”
“Could you fly faster?”
“huh.”
Sirone frowned.
“Then why didn’t you fly like that?”
“It vibrates too much.”
After looking down, Minerva turned to Sirone and showed a bright smile.
“Once you taste it, you can’t stop.” Shirone, who was dazed for a moment, shook her head and removed her hand from Minerva’s waist.
“I have to stop this time.”
“I’ll be patient. and grab your waist It will make you feel better than you think.”
Why do you hate to catch more?
The jet flew at great speed, creating a slight vibration.
At the same time as the sonic boom exploded, Minerva raised her head and groaned.
“Haaaaa… …
Just as Sirone was about to say something, Iruki’s voice entered his head.
– Sirone! I can hear? It was a telepathic magic practiced for about a year, and it was possible to communicate at a distance with the advantage of the breakaway type.
“I can hear. But there is some noise mixed in.”
-It’s because it’s far away. It’s hard just to maintain the spirit zone. How about <Law Murder>?
Where Sirone turned his head, he could see <Swordsman> flying alongside Jet.
“Tan is unharmed. What should I do now?”
– It was a bit fast. Can you slow down the speed of 〈Slaughter〉 by about 80 centimeters per second?
“I’ll try.”
As Sirone, who had floated the light of Yahweh, created a thin film of air in front of her, the vibration of <Spells> intensified.
-yes. little bit more. it’s okay.
Sirone’s eyes widened as he entered the forest 98 kilometers from Bashken.
‘You mean you designed all of this?’
Even if a single twig was caught, the law would be reversed, but <The Law> penetrated countless gaps as it were.
Above the head of a deer drinking water from Ongdalsaem, below the belly of a wildcat attacking a rabbit… … .
-This is medicine. Most of the data is concentrated in the capital city. We’ll do it from the 80 kilometer mark.
As they passed the village where the Ex-Machinas were located, Iruki’s voice became clearer.
“I will follow.”
I felt obligated to check the results.
-Gustav’s troops are all over the place. The horsepower control system is also fully operational. Get out of the water entrance.
“okay.”
After passing through several cities, the outer gate of the capital, Bashken, finally came into sight.
“Iruki, the troops are lined up.”
-doesn’t care. Because he had already adjusted the law to result in Havitz’s death.
Since Ex-Machinas do calculations outside of tuning, even Iruki couldn’t grasp every aspect of his troops.
“Someone is coming!”
Iruki’s voice became thick again.
-… … Fine… … . anyway… … law… … .
<Law Kill> penetrated the castle gate without an error of one millimeter along the only gap guarded by all soldiers.
“What, what?”
Just as the soldiers looked back in bewilderment, an ironclad knight over 2 meters in height pulled out his sword.
“Yeaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!”
Just looking at the sight of the ground exploding, it was not human speed.
“damage!”
As Minerva twisted Jett’s head, the wind pushed back, and Gai cut through the wind pressure and struck down with his longsword.
Sirone was stunned.
‘ This???????’
Even while avoiding with teleportation, he clearly confirmed the opponent’s will engraved in the flash.
‘Ogent’s swordsmanship?’
The ground cracked with a roar, and Sirone and Minerva landed across the line.
“what? Did you avoid it?” The tall knight straightened his back and slung his longsword over his shoulder.
‘The horse is a long sword… …
It was longer and thicker than Lian’s sword.
“As expected, it was good that I joined Gustav. If you are next to the military, you can have a lot of fun wars.”
The moment he said that and took off his helmet, Sirone’s eyes shook in shock.
“Lian?”
No, it had a slightly stronger skeleton, was older, and above all, had black hair.
Guy wiggled his thick eyebrows.
“How rare. I never thought I would hear my brother’s name here.”
“If it’s a younger brother… …
I remembered what I heard from Temuran.
“Ogent Guy?”
“Hoo?”
Gai looked at Sirone as if he was interested.
“who are you?”
A terrifying life raged.
“Uh ha ha ha! I am a beggar!”
Excluding the Balkans, Gustaf’s 4th class went into private houses and harmed people at random.
When it comes to killing skills, Natasha has the upper hand, but Zetaro’s act was terrible and Sumo Do was evil.
“You fools! What are you doing here!”
Vulcan came running with Abella.
“Tell me? Where is Harvits?” Natasha shrugged her shoulders.
“I don’t know. I was hoping to see who kills more. He must have entered the private house over there.”
Sure enough, screams were heard.
“damn! Prepare to retreat quickly! leave!”
“Is the war over already?”
“no. The castle is on the verge of fall. but
That’s not the point. Let’s get out of here for now.”
It was the first time that Vulcan was so flustered.
“What is it?”
Without time to answer, Vulcan took Abella to the place where the screams erupted.
“Convince Havitz! We have to leave the capital.”
“Al, I see.”
Because there is Havitz where there is a scream, I opened the door to the private house without having to get lost.
“Come on! I am the tagger!”
The house was a mess, and Havitz was chasing after the family with a rugged sword from the smithy.
“honey! Come this way!”
As the mother with her young child in her arms ran up the stairs in the attic, Havits swerved and fell.
“Please save me. please… …
As the husband hugged his wife and son and prayed, Havitz raised his head.
“Yeah, it’s a dead end.”
Vulcan shouted.
“majesty! Dodge quickly! I guarantee you, if you don’t open the water now, you’ll die!”
A miraculous relief appeared on the faces of the family.
‘I lived. We lived.’
Havitz looked back in a prone state.
“You die?”
His eyes lit up with fearful longing, and he hurriedly climbed the stairs.
“Kyaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!”
Vulcan sighed as he touched his forehead at the sight of Habitz slaughtering his family.
“It’s like pouring oil on a burning fire.”
This is because it is more fun to kill a family member who is overcome with relief than to kill oneself.
‘No, maybe… …
cried Abella.
“honey! quick! A strange weapon will kill you!”
Balkan dried up.
“No, that’s all right. Just leave it alone.”
“yes? What do you mean?”
“The combination of the Ex-Machina and <Law Killing>. And what this side can offer is complete chaos.”
Maybe Havitz is the answer.

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 808 - that winter(4) 1.txt
===============================
that winter (4)
Sirone relaxed and went closer to Gai.
“I am Ryan’s friend… …
Gai’s sword flashed like a flash, and the vertical wind blew with sharp force.
It was a simple wind, but it was enough to cut the skin, and Sirone, who dodged to the side, turned her head.
“No. If you relax during the war.” Sirone spoke quickly of him.
“My name is Sirone, Lian’s friend. I heard that the eldest son of the Ogent family is in another country as a spy for the royal castle.”
If true, Guy wasn’t the enemy.
“A spy?”
Gai smiled as he placed the sword on his shoulder.
“Who said I was a spy?”
“Yeah, the family… …
Gai’s laughter stopped.
“I’ve heard that the cute youngest brother has a friend. Maybe that guy is currently the Five Great Stars of the Ivory Tower’?”
It was sarcastic, but Sirone was polite.
“yes. I am the Great Star.” Gai lowered his stance.
“Is Ryan okay?”
“Since we broke up a year ago, I haven’t heard the exact news. But wherever you are, you will do just fine.”
“okay? What a pity.”
The moment Guy felt the shaking, the ground beneath his feet swelled with a pop.
“I wanted to give you a will, I mean.”
Seeing Gai approaching in front of her eyes, Sirone cast teleportation.
“Slow!”
The blade cut through his throat.
“??????what?”
You gasped for breath as you retreated dozens of meters while feeling the past as the present.
“Aha, time.”
Guy, who had picked the archmage’s neck like a bunch of grapes, was well aware of the strangeness of magic.
“Then how about this?”
When the black-haired genius applied ‘folding’ to all seven schemas, the intaglio of a person was stamped in the transparent air.
It couldn’t be faster than light, but the blade flew before Sirone could think of anything.
‘Even if you say you have a god in your head, the vessel is only flesh and blood.’
Dizziness was the only thought, and before the nine senses even opened, a flash of light crossed it.
Woo woo woo!
If you could hear the sound of the sun, it would be like the roar of burning air right now.
“You’re annoying.”
Minerva held back Sirone’s hind legs and backed away endlessly.
Gai’s movements could not even be discerned at the awkward intervals, so she stopped at 280 meters.
” are you okay?”
“no. She almost died.” Sirone said honestly.
“It’s the first time I’ve ever had such a strong swordsman.” Is this what it would feel like to fight Rian?
“Lack of experience… … I’m not talking about the level. If we are the pinnacle of magic, that is the pinnacle of swordsmanship.”
Minerva’s expression was also not good.
“Honestly, if it’s the same grade, I tend to avoid being a prosecutor. No matter how powerful the mind, the body is direct. You will have to keep your distance and fight strategically.”
A low-level swordsman would be defeated in a head-to-head confrontation, but originally, this was the standard way to deal with a swordsman.
‘Or, a swordsman equivalent to that is on our side.’
I missed Lian.
“At least 300 meters away. Otherwise, you won’t get the reaction time until the magic materializes.”
“no. I don’t want to fight.” It wasn’t just because Guy was strong.
“I’m Ryan’s older brother. I don’t know why it’s in Gustav, but it’s a loss to fight here.”
“Little boy.”
At a distance of 300 meters, Guy heard a voice.
“You don’t know Ryan very well. Just as I abandoned my family by choosing my sword, so does Lian.”
Sirone used sound magic.
“no. I know Lian. If you fight for this reason, you will be disappointed in me.”
“It could be. I don’t know how he grew up. But, I mean, he can’t die here, can he?”
Gai took a stance to charge.
“I will kill you this time.”
Sirone widened his eyes at the terrifying speculation that could be seen at a glance even from a distance.
“Did you really abandon Tormia? If there is something that cannot be said… …
“pee.”
A small voice sounded like thunder.
“What kind of Odaeseong talks so much?”
Since it was not an opponent that could fight while talking nonsense, Sirone also kept her mouth shut.
“You must absolutely avoid it. Let’s pincer from both sides.”
Minerva inhaled deeply from the pipe, and Gai’s life rose vertically like a straight sword.
An emergency warning sounded inside the Ex-Machina.
“damn! What is it?”
Iruki gazed intently at the result of the Ex-Machina’s transcendent arithmetic ability.
“failure? why?”
Even though it was a simulation that had been run thousands of times, it came to the conclusion that Havitz could not be killed when it was put into practice.
Gudio gritted it.
“From the beginning, the variable was imaginary. According to the calculations, Havitz must get out of the capital to protect Abella.”
Then, being pierced through the heart by <Law Kill> was the law calculated by the Ex-Machinas.
“Are you saying you can’t even bind Havits to the law with the noose of an alpha fish?”
Iruki shouted.
“It’s still too early to give up!”
“What are you going to do?”
“Anyway, I entered Vashken. If you twist the law of <Law Killing>, it is possible to chase Habitz again!”
Ness’s skeletal eyes widened.
“no! It’s too dangerous!”
The law that works on <Slaughter of the Law> is a gigantic interlocking of all the laws within a radius of 200 kilometers.
“Because I can… …
It’s not yours, said the albino.
“I will.”
A radiance emanated from Iruki’s eyes after performing Overdrive.
‘Cancellation!’
His Spirit Zone, which traced the location of <Law Kill> through Ex-Machina, canceled the law.
“Aaaaaaa!”
It was a completely different weight than canceling a single spell, and tears of blood flowed from his eyes.
“Iruki! stop! We have to stop!” The brakes were applied to the trajectory of Law Kill, which was flying straight toward Havitz, and drew a curve.
“Just reset the coordinates!” The rest will be taken care of by the Joong-oh of Law Killing.
‘My head is going to explode!’
Does it come first when the brain explodes in the Ex-Machina, or when <Law Kill> changes the coordinates first?
“Iruki! If you die here, you have no future!”
Yes.
‘No, this is the place to die!’ It’s because he knows that if he doesn’t do it now, the end of reason ■ will come.
‘The world of chaos opens.’
As his eyes were red with blood, he could not even see the Ex-Machina monitor.
“Goaaaaaaa!”
Finally, as the trail of <Law Killing> headed to the place where Habitz was, it aimed at chaos again.
“I did it!”
The people playing the card game clenched their fists.
‘Good job, Iruki! You did it!’ When there was no response from Iruki, who was sitting in the lead, Agaya stood up and looked around.
“Iruki! Iruki!”
He was convulsing with blood pouring out of his eyes, nose, and ears non-stop.
“Die, die!”
<Law killing>.] Even while he was aiming for the heart, Harvits fell into a trance and killed at random.
“I really… …
When Vulcan licked his lips, a soldier came running.
“Soldier! You must dodge quickly! Now to the residential outskirts… …
Before the report was finished, screams that shook the air pierced the sky.
“what!” At the edge of the line of sight, a dagger pierced the bodies of the soldiers, wandering around like an insect that had lost one of its wings.
Abella realized the situation and shouted.
“honey! Stop now and go!” Havitz, who had stopped moving, found a dagger flying by.
‘hide and seek?’
Just by looking at the dagger’s trajectory, I could tell how much he wanted to kill Havitz.
‘Then I have to run away.’
Havitz, whose mouth was torn, grabbed Abella’s hand.
“Puhahaha! Balkan! Escape!” It was a thought that jumped out of the chaos like a fish, and that thought was always right for Habitz.
“Natasha! Take Her Highness with you!” With Natasha guarding Havitz’s rear, the guards rushed out of the city.
<Law Kill> screamed and followed.
“damn! What is so fast?”
The dagger, which pierced through the people like a needle through paper, flew straight at Havitz.
“The Shinigami’s martial arts.”
Natasha, who had stopped in her seat, looked back at <Law Killing> and performed the art of incarnation. A skeleton wearing a black robe came to mind.
“I will break it!”
She jumped out of the floor like a spring and reached out her hand toward <Swords>, and the air cried out with a whimper.
“this??????!”
The Law Slayer, which wrapped itself around Natasha’s hand, flew towards Havitz, ignoring her.
“majesty!”
Vulcan shouts.
” huh’?”
Where Habitz blinked his eyes and turned around, the <Law Kill> blade had arrived with an eerie glow.
“what?”
At the same time, the world froze in gray.
” AA AA AA.”
Following the funeral dirge heard from the sky, 12 people dressed in black rose from the ground where Havitz was standing.
“We are Shiok.”
0.666 seconds of every second.
“Greeting him.”
A doll with its skin peeled emerged from the lava and opened its burning eyes.
“Pity, scapegoat of the law.” Havitz looked at Satan for a moment and then stabbed Abella, who was frozen as ice.
I didn’t feel like I was being pressed.
“What are you?”
“I am the source of all demons, including you. it is satan I myself have come to save you today.”
“Save me? from what?”
“death.”
Satan’s hand, dripping with blood, pointed at the dharma flesh suspended in the air.
“The blade of hatred that even I cannot touch. you can never escape How about making a deal with me?”
Satan brought his index finger to his eyes.
“Become my subordinate and punish the world. Join forces with the demons to stain this world with evil.”
“Hmm.”
Havitz, who rested his chin in thought, said.
“no.”
Satan’s eyes were grotesquely opened.
“You mean it’s okay to die?”
“I never thought about that, and the reason I hate it is because I still want to play with my friends more.”
I wanted to play with Abella a little more.
“Even if you do, you will die in less than a second.”
“That 1 second is fun, 1 second.”
Boring work was a hobby that could not stand even 0.1 second.
“… … Are you obsessed with love? Did I think wrong? I thought I was suitable as a human being who would receive my grace.”
Satan went into the lava again.
“You will regret it.”
Hearing the majestically resounding dirge, Havitz grabbed his wife’s wrist with happy eyes.
“Let’s go, Abella.”
to a world of eternal freedom.
As 0.666 seconds of that second were released, <False> flew towards Havitz as it was inertia.
From 0.777 seconds, countless thoughts rushed through Havitz’s head at the same time.
‘Joining hands with Satan to conquer the world?’
He hated children who brought their parents to the playground.
‘You’re talking nonsense. There are still so many things we can play with each other.’
0.888 seconds.
0.999 seconds. As soon as I got to this point.
anger (1)
anger (2)
anger (4)
apostasy (1)
apostasy (2)
apostasy (3)
apostasy (4)
Participation (1)
participation in the war (2)
Participation in the war (3)
Participation (4)
Warfare (5)
Acceleration(1)
rz r: iz: u: rz rz |
“0.1 baud.”
ugly (1)
ugly (2)
ugly (3)
ugly (4)
“320893. 23091. 3494539. 23 degrees of curvature… …
rain (1)
rain (2)
rain (3)
rain (4)
obituary (1)
obituary (2)
obituary (3)
obituary (4) memory (1)
‘?”
“????????r Omega (2)
face to face (3)
“????????
“ r
“ r “ I”
“ r fanaticism (1)
K | 99
“Freedom! ”
O? “it hurts! sick! Ahhh!”
“I”
“1,411?”
“Uh 7” “But I can catch it.”
“Ggogo L we e. It was Paimon, the commander of the 9th Corps, who first instructed Gustav to keep the 4 skills alive.
“87 years, circa 2,875 3,241 trillion 644.2 billion 8.9 million 7,109 hours left.” While no one could speak, the man with the scythe muttered with a dazed expression. Ithaca turned to Sirone.
“I don’t use buffs that increase power. It is an excellent judgment from an educational point of view.”
‘Destruction Demon 707.’
≪Table o ≫ Even in the midst of this, Yahweh 2 and the operator were engaged in a fierce search battle.
“Rukia… …
Rufist replied.
“Ugh! oooo
U Q”
Trigger (3) “I see.”
u no ” -1 “r. If you are right… … .
Omega Year 999 (1) “Alternatively… … what information? Then, what if I don’t know and even say something?”
-3 sec, 2 sec, 1… … . “Oooh!”
Cuckoo Cuckoo!
0 = 0 = = = ! “okay.”
final chapter (4)
0.888 seconds.
‘I have to have children with Abella, and Sumo Dorang decided to conquer all the women in the world.’
0.999 seconds.
‘How much… …
Havitz, who had bared his teeth while smiling bizarrely, quickly turned around.
‘What an interesting world!’
1 sec.
“Gagging!”
Everyone who was running stopped when they heard a thump and the sound of being hit.
“Hey, honey.”
Abella turned her head to Havitz behind her.
“why… … ?”
However, her neck wouldn’t turn, and the regurgitated blood leaked out from her lips.
“majesty.”
I couldn’t say anything.
The <law kill> stuck in Abella’s heart
everyone who finds it.

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 809 - The Age of Chaos(1).txt
===============================
Age of Chaos (1)
Abella gritted her teeth, but couldn’t help but groan at the pain in her heart.
“Huh”
Everyone who looks at her, even Gustav 4, who prides himself on understanding Havitz… … .
“why? why?”
I didn’t understand the current situation.
“majesty.”
They did not experience Satan’s 0.666 seconds, but even if they realized it, nothing would have changed.
“Huh ha ha.”
Havitz’s eyes, hidden behind Abella’s body as a shield, were bloodshot red.
“Huh ha ha.”
His breath was so rough that his nostrils were stuck together, and his bloody eyes were filled with sadness.
“female… … paper… …
With a clattering sound, the flesh of the law was broken, and at the same time, Abella’s eyes rolled upward.
“It is broken.”
Vulcan, who had been staring at Abella’s fallen body on the floor in awe, slowly raised her gaze.
‘Havitz, you broke <Murder>.’
Havitz, still breathing heavily, was only mourning the death of the woman he loved.
When the door of the Ex-Machina opened, a strong smell of blood rose from the steam.
“hurry! Move quickly!”
Medical staff waiting outside carried the unconscious Iruki on a stretcher.
Agaia looked back at the Ex-Machina.
“Woo, I can’t use it anymore.”
Iruki forcibly distorted the law
As a result, the computing devices melted in the heat.
‘But I got a more powerful brain than that.’
Watching Iruki walk away on a stretcher, Agaya prayed in her heart.
‘If only I could wake up.’
When the commotion subsided, Gudio, who was smoking a cigarette, stomped hard on the ground.
“Damn it!”
“What happened? Did you not succeed?”
Kashan’s task force commander asked, but the people playing the card game kept their mouth shut.
After a while, Ness said.
“<Law Killing> couldn’t predict it.”
This was the only thing that could be inferred from the current results.
“He killed the woman he loved.”
If Harvitz had simply used Abella as a shield because he did not want to die, the law would have twisted even that law and penetrated Harvitz’s heart.
“I didn’t kill to live.” Mice as if I still can’t believe it
spoke in a trembling voice.
“I killed it because it was fun.”
Just because I thought this would be more fun.
“What could be more chaotic than betraying the woman you love the most in the world in a moment of despair?”
Silence came again.
“Well, then what will happen?”
No one answered the task commander’s questions, but the same thought popped into his head.
‘It was Gaold who defeated the Buddha. But the age of man passes into a short history.’
It was a time of chaos.
“Huh.”
Harvits was crying.
“Abella, Abella.” Because she was the woman he truly loved, at the moment of her final choice, for the first time in her life, questions arose.
‘Who the hell am I?’
It was not difficult to die in Abella’s place.
‘But why did I have to do this?’
Killing an elder is a common thing in the world, but the basis of the act is hatred.
‘Because I really loved you.’
Throwing away the person you loved with all your heart without hesitation is something no one can do.
‘What no one can do.’ When I did such a thing, what kind of emotion would I receive, and what the hell would that feeling be?
“haha. Kkkkkkkkk.”
I’m so curious about it that I’m going crazy.
“Ha ha ha! yes, that’s right! That’s it! this feeling! This pleasure that no drug can give you!”
There is only one reason why I did not accept Satan’s offer.
“This is really fun!”
Because he is already Satan.
‘Awaken.’
Balkan realized when he saw the purple haze rising from Havitz’s body.
“Oohhhh!”
Havitz’s eyes widened and a huge satanic figure soared through the sky.
If there’s a concept that can single-handedly kill someone you love, it’s only chaos.
And humans call it atrocious.
“what?”
Gai, who was bending his lower body in an almost sitting position, hurriedly looked back at the inner guard.
Sirone and Minerva were looking at the same thing.
“oh my god… …
An atrocious form made only of demonic energy was looking down as if to swallow Vashken.
Even Gai, a madman, realized that his current situation was not serious and put his sword in.
“If I see you on the battlefield again, then I will kill you without mercy.”
Sirone did not answer, and as if he had no intention of listening, Gai ran through the castle gate and ran to Harbitz.
“What are you going to do?”
Minerva asked.
“You failed.”
Even the appearance of Satan, the lord outside the law, showed that the law had been broken.
“It is my responsibility.”
In the future, the world will be stained with great evil that neither philanthropy nor extreme goodness can handle.
“No, it is our responsibility.”
“They said that clumsy good encourages evil.”
The counterattack of Zen that could have been executed because there was no Buddha.
‘Shouldn’t have been provoked?’ The situation that Mahoro Amanta was worried about was the strongest evil that broke her line and appeared.
‘It’s really difficult. What the hell is this world…’
How can everyone be happy?
“Sirone, let’s go back. We need to come up with measures.”
The area of the line, which could have been widened a little with one year of effort, will rapidly shrink.
“What about playing Harvits now?”
I kept thinking that I couldn’t make it.
“Don’t be in a hurry. All I had to do was dig out the temple. If you try something, the other side will respond with something too.”
If only I was a human and everyone was just a doll, the world would go as it pleased… … .
“It’s not a world you can change alone. Atrocities cannot be destroyed unless the power of good is concentrated into one.”
The world is in pain.
“As of today, the Republic of Korea will disappear. But there are still dozens of countries left to protect.”
Sirone bit her lip until it bled and flew up into the sky following Minerva.
“Human Desire. There really is no end.” The incarnation of Harbitz, who had become atrocious while still possessing a physical body, proclaimed at the end of the sky.
“From now on, you are the Satan of this age. lead my hell army 72 legions will follow you.”
At the voice that shook the entire Kingdom of Cotria, some felt joy and others felt despair.
As the purple haze permeated Havits, her eyes scanned the light like glistening oil.
“What happened?” The Balkans are approaching.
“I don’t know. Mumble something.”
He didn’t care about Habitz, but it seemed like fun to play with the 72 legion’s demons.
“Abella is back.”
Death is the mother’s voice telling her to come in for dinner.
“The night is coming.”
That’s why the pranks on the playground will end someday.
“Anyway, we’re the children we put out.”
Children whose parents do not look for them do not know how to stop running around even after the twilight arrives.
“finally… …
Harvits looked back at his friends.
“Let’s conquer the world just once and go.” Vulcan’s eyes were full of mischief, and Natasha tore her mouth with an excited expression.
“Good! No one goes home first!”
The Gustav Empire, which destroyed the Republic of Korea, caused a world war in earnest.
As the border country Kashan lost 1/10 of its territory, the kingdom of Paras in the Middle East was also mortally wounded.
“We have to break through the Akkadian Desert. Then you can eat dozens of kingdoms in the central continent.”
On the eastern side across the sea, a fierce naval battle was taking place with the Jincheon Empire.
“The sea side is not easy. Occupy the H and Middle kingdoms first. Cut off the support route of the 7 kingdoms.”
The kingdom occupying the waist of the Eastern Continent was in session.
“How will the occupied countries be treated?”
At the official’s words, Balkan turned to Havitz.
“What should I do?”
“Play around and kill them all. Except for the Gustav Empire, no human can set foot in this world.”
It was our playground, and it was also the ultimate goal Ma aimed for.
“By the way, there is something that worries me.”
Vulcan looking down at world map.
The red line that started in the northwestern region of Kashan descended vertically and was connected to the central continent.
“All the demon armies along this line were destroyed. As if it had been erased with an eraser.”
Natasha’s eyes lit up.
“Knight of Mach.”
The number of demons he killed while moving south exceeded 10,000, and among them there were even two corps commanders.
“I thought it was a childish goal for a chivalry practitioner, but I really cut the kashan with a straight line.”
Sumodo was boring.
“You don’t have to worry, do you? It’s not like it’s coming our way, and even if one person erased it, how much would it erase?”
The red line drawn on the map was definitely thin.
“The problem is the corps commander. We lost the 69th corps commander and the 57th corps commander. Regular soldiers are quickly replenished, but losing a corps commander is a big loss.”
Natasha pointed to herself.
“Shall I go?”
Vulcan didn’t want to do that.
‘I can’t imagine Natasha being killed by someone. But really, this line makes me feel bad.’
Detouring when it is difficult and running away when it is dangerous are the trajectories that normal human beings can draw.
‘I can’t find any traces of shaking.’ It just broke through.
“First of all, let’s be careful. Let’s have the kids check the dynamics of the knight of Macha.” It was spring with flowers as red as blood.
“you… … How dare a human… … !”
The demons of the 55th Corps, which dominate the desert in southwestern Kashan, became corpses and covered the sand.
“This is not the end. One billion demons will surely find you and tear you apart… …
“It’s boring, it sounds the same every time.”
A young man with blue hair up to his shoulders and a hairy beard had a greatsword mounted on his back.
“Are you guys memorizing it separately?”
The 55th Corps Commander Powell’s huge body split from the top of his head with a goosebumps sound.
“Is it the end of the desert?”
The blue-haired man closed one eye and looked at the horizon where the city was built in the distance.
Mach’s knight, August Lian (22 years old).
“You have arrived at last.”
never seen a map
They just walked south along the stars, ate anything when they were hungry, and dug and slept when they were cold.
‘Though walking is what you reach when you walk.’
Although he defeated many strong enemies, he never felt that he had gained strength.
“Can you say you are strong if you split the sky?”
As I drew the sword vertically, an illusion as if the world was splitting into pieces flickered in my eyes.
I don’t know.
“Kido, how are you? Are there any results?”
Where is the companion of the search for the first time, and what is it doing now?
“work hard. I go first.” With the conviction that he would not give up, Lian moved to a place where he could see the city.
“I want you to wash. People will mistake it for a monster.”
It was also the first contact with civilization in a year, but the smell of demon blood was too strong.
‘If I came properly, it would be the Jive Kingdom.’
The Seven Planets of the Temple.
All I knew was that there was a school that produced Nane, the Buddha of the era, due to the long rainy season.
“It would be nice if I could meet Sirone.”
Ryan didn’t know.
The race that rules the night of the world roams the streets of Jive, greedy for blood.
the fact that there is.

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 810 - The Age of Chaos(2).txt
===============================
Age of Chaos (2)
Caidra, a grotesque bird that quickly traversed the desert, shot a sharp groan into the sky.
‘Havitz became Satan.’
The identity of the rogue bird was Ratusa, and the person riding on its back was Uorin, the Empress of Kashan.
The project, which was the only way to punish the atrocities, failed, and she suffered from a fever for three days.
When his condition did not recover, he kicked off the blanket himself and was riding for a change of mood.
‘I can’t believe I’m failing.’
My goal throbbed again, and my heart, which had endured aeons of history, beat as if it would burst.
The aftermath of failing to eliminate Habits spread throughout the world, and Kashan also suffered enormous damage.
‘Is the unknown future, even Lee Da-ji, frustrating?’
The real reason for the fever was that it simply did not end there.
‘What should I do next?’ According to Mitochondrial Eve’s accident, Kashan would fall and Uorin would suffer a disastrous situation.
‘I can’t protect Sirone.’ It is fraternity to embrace the whole, but he would not use his power for the glory of Ka Shan.
‘I can’t do Gaold.’
He had only one person.
‘Buddha has disappeared, the polar line has weakened. Miro won’t be able to handle the atrocities.’
A terrifying thought came into my mind.
‘Habits. villainy.’
The way for Kashan to continue his glory was to join hands with Gustav, as Gando had said.
‘I can endure if I become atrocious.’ It must have been a very easy decision for Mitochondrial Eve, not a personal life, but… … .
‘Sirone.’
If that happens, the beautiful ending with the person you love will forever be gone.
“What are you telling me to do!”
The reason why he went outside was because he couldn’t be caught screaming in the name of Terrase.
“What do you mean!”
Just as Uorin’s screams blew in the wind, a dark group approached from the sky.
‘It’s a demon.’
Kaidra hurriedly lowered its altitude and flew low over the sand, but it was already too late.
“Human! Catch it!”
The 24th Air Brigade belonging to the Hell Army’s 16th Corps found Uorin and immediately turned around.
“What a worm!”
Organte, the 2nd Division Commander of the 16th Corps, was a demon with a massive body covered in gray matter.
“die!” His ability to create shockwaves in all directions by sticking his long tongue into the ground like a pipe was his talent.
pop! pop! pop! pop! pop!
As the sand rose to a height of 10 meters, the corpses of the dead demons rotated in the air as if tumbling.
“I can’t catch you.”
Kido, who fluttered his old cloak and got out of the radius, lowered his body to the floor.
“The Earth Command.”
The desert wriggled like a swamp, and the organ rim’s tongue emerged twisted into a knot.
“You bastard!” Numerous spines protruded from Organte’s carapace and rushed like arrows.
Kido raised his glasses and murmured.
“Even if I eat it, it won’t taste good.”
To him, who has mastered the law of the land, the meaning of land is completely different from that of other creatures.
Just as a shark pulls a lion into the sea, and a bird pulls a whale into the sky.
‘Become one with the land.’
To Kido, the earth itself, everything that moved on the ground was ants placed on the palm of his hand.
“Keugh! What’s this?”
The land seemed to be rolling over like waves, but before I knew it, Kidou turned around and swung the spear behind Organte.
When I crossed my arms covered with thick carapace in an X shape, the blade plunged with a bang.
“Quack! The speed is good, but the power is not enough. You cannot cut me with your weapon.”
Kido said while holding the blade.
“It didn’t reach.”
“what?”
“The point where we feel the collision is actually just a repulsion from the charge.”
nothing can reach
“The positions of electrons are probabilistically distributed, and the curtain of probability surrounds the atoms. In short, collisions do not occur in the domain of particles.”
Incarnation – mastery of sources.
As he exerted a high degree of concentration, Kido’s eyes sank as if they were being sucked into an abyss.
“So, if you find the probability that the atoms in my blade pass through the atoms in your carapace… …
The blade began to cut through the carapace and penetrate.
“Hey, wait.” Organte’s expression changed to bewilderment.
“Wait a minute! This makes no sense! How can you fight like this!”
Even if he tried to escape, he was unable to move because the enormous force of gravity was binding his legs.
“shit! cowardly! Let’s fight again!”
The blade passed through Organte’s arms and finally reached the top of his head.
“It is not without its downsides. This is very difficult. Besides, it is very slow.”
As if a hot substance touched
The demon’s face was steadily split in two.
“Aww! no! not… … Kuck!”
Only after the blade passed his face and down his neck did Kido release his superhuman concentration.
“Whoa.”
With a thud, Organte’s body fell forward.
“where??????
Kidou ripped the flesh off the corpse with his fingernails, raised his head and squeezed out the blood.
Blood dripped onto the tongue, and the memory of the demons permeated through the ‘taste of memory’.
“… … You must have loved once too.” This was before becoming a demon.
“What is love?”
Kido, who was lost in thought while looking up at the sky, hurriedly lowered his head, shook his shoulders, and smiled.
“Chuck! If you speak like a human, what will it be?”
I still couldn’t fully understand Sirone.
“Yes, I am still immature.”
He jumped up and swung the spear.
“I acknowledged my shortcomings… …
Because that’s going to be the hardest thing.
“Now there is only one thing left to do.” As he turned his body away, he felt a thump and vibration on the horizon.
“What is this again?”
“Ha ha ha! Such a windfall. To say that the human I met by chance was the Empress of Kashan.”
Over 200 Demons belonging to the 24th Air Brigade surrounded Uorin and La Tusa.
“Hey, what if some insignificant demon finds me?”
As Ratusa threatened with a groan, Uorin pulled out a sword from the saddle.
“well. If it were the queen, of course she would be different from the common human beings, but… …
Brigadier Dalmang, with rectangular horns erected on either side of his temple, erected a huge sawtooth greatsword.
“Isn’t that a delicacy?”
Murderous intent dwelled in Uorin’s eyes.
‘Can I get rid of it? It’s dangerous.’ As Mitochondrial Eve, he mastered numerous techniques, but his body is bound to change from generation to generation.
‘It’s just that I didn’t get it.’
After all, no matter how high the level of technology, there was a limit to the combat power that could be produced.
“Strike! I’m going to release the resentment I’ve suffered from Kashan here! Catch me alive!”
The demons with wings attacked Ratusa, and Moonmang rushed forward, swinging his serrated greatsword like a windmill.
“red! Catch it if you can!”
A tight battle unfolded as Uorin countered by linking magic and incarnation.
“Hoo? How is it?”
The yaksha’s body exploded with incarnation techniques and powerful magic, but Dalmang was able to afford it.
“Heuk, are you tired already?” Although he never neglected training, real battles were different from practice, so his stamina was consumed quickly.
‘This body is really weak. Did I focus too much on aesthetic standards?’
It was to the point of hating the ancestors.
Aaaaaaaaaa!
When he turned his head to Kaidra’s grotesque voice, countless demons were sticking spears into his torso.
“Ratusa!”
“Where are you going?”
A sharp sound was heard as Dalmang swung the serrated greatsword at the twisting Uorin.
Piri-ri-ri-ri!
The unique sound waves coming from the hole in the window were trivial, but Uorin remembered everything.
‘What is this sound?’
Something rolled at a speed that could not be seen with the naked eye, and Dalmang’s neck fell off in an instant.
“Brigadier!”
At the same time as the demons shouted, the shadow of the wheel turned greatly.
As dozens of demons were cut into pieces, Kido finally appeared.
“Hey, human female emperor. Long time no see.”
Uorin’s eyes narrowed as Kido raised his glasses with a sharp smile.
“Why are you here?”
“Talk about it later. Let’s deal with it at once.” There are various types of demons, but Kido’s combat experience while wandering the desert was no less than that.
“one two three four. five!”
As the demons died as quickly as counting with their mouths, the winged ones soared into the sky.
“Not an ordinary guy! Attack from the sky!”
“You arrogant demon.”
Kido turned like a top and rolled across the desert on his back.
“On the topic of eating things from the ground… …
Incarnation, jibakryeong.
“Why do you lean on the sky?”
As if an invisible hand came up from the ground and grabbed their ankles, the demons were dragged to the ground.
“Aww! what!”
It was as if a ton of iron beads had been put on it.
“Cut, cut, cut, cut, cut.” Uo Rin watched blankly as the spear rotated, the body rotated, and the world seemed to rotate.
‘It’s gotten stronger.’ The self-proclaimed king of the goblins was revealing a completely different presence than when he dealt with Fengzhang.
“Cut, cut, what?”
In the middle of the desert, among the corpses of demons, only Kido was spinning.
Kido, who turned around as if bouncing from the rolling state, stepped on the desert with both legs.
“Oops!”
As she stopped in front of Uorin, a cloud of soft dust spread and covered her entire body.
“Puhahaha! It’s the traditional goblin makeup method.”
It was a goblin tradition to apply mud when fighting.
“Whatever… …
Uorin asked as she dusted herself off.
“Why are you here?”
Instead of answering, Kido turned around and tore off the brigade commander’s flesh and stuffed it into his mouth.
Uorin’s eyebrows furrowed slightly.
“I am practicing to attain enlightenment. Doesn’t the man called the King of Humans know that?”
Of course I know, but I didn’t really care.
“What realization?”
“love.”
Kido has arrived.
“Goblins are strong, but they don’t love like humans. She is looking for love outside of the chains of feeding and breeding.”
While protecting Sirone in Andre’s labyrinth, Kido felt human emotion for the first time.
“Hmm, for something like that, don’t you enjoy eating demon meat too much?”
“ha ha ha! of course. Do I have to eat to live?”
It seemed that he was still far from reaching enlightenment.
‘It’s barbaric.’
Kido wasn’t wearing pants, so the goblin’s things dangled between his legs.
‘It’s very big. He’s short.’
Sensing Uorin’s gaze, Kido, instead of feeling uncomfortable, proudly stuck out his waist.
“The Goblin King.”
“… … thanks anyway I’ve been helped, so I’ll reward you. Tell me if you want anything.”
“I don’t want anything. If so, is it true love? But can’t you give it to me?”
Uorin looked under Kido once more and shook his head in fright.
“I’m a bit like that, should I introduce you to a human woman?”
“haha! it’s okay! my love i will find And I don’t think you have to be human.”
Kido turned and waved his hand.
“Have a good trip. Be careful of the demons.”
“wait for a sec.”
Uorin’s eyes sparkled.
‘It will be useful.’
Kido is strong, he was a friend of Sirone, and above all, he has the ability of ‘memory taste’.
“Would you like to go to the imperial castle with me?”
“Hwangsung?”
Kido’s lips parted.

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 811 - The Age of Chaos(3).txt
===============================
Age of Chaos (3)
The capital of the Jive Kingdom, Lodenin.
As a free city, the gates were wide open, and many people were entering the capital even at sunset.
“for a moment! Stop right there!”
But Ryan was an exception.
“You mean that?”
“Then is there anyone else as dirty as you here? It doesn’t matter if you come in and become a beggar, but you can’t be a beggar.”
It was raining and the smell of blood was washed away, but the problem was that he was not using an umbrella.
“I am not a beggar, I am a wandering swordsman.”
The guard burst out laughing.
“A wandering swordsman? Can you tell the difference between a beggar wearing a sword and a beggar wearing a sword?”
It was oddly persuasive.
“I am an aristocrat. I’m from Tormia, and I’m a swordsman for a family called Ogent.”
In the end, when Lian took out his ID and showed it, the guard’s eyes changed dramatically.
“Oh, sorry. It’s so ugly, no, it’s because it’s aristocratic and far from it.”
Ryan laughed bitterly.
“I understand.”
“When you enter Lodenin, wash yourself. Even if you have ID, there will be many inconveniences.”
Lian thought it was advice anyone could give.
“thank you. Then, please do your best.” As a kingdom with many cloudy days, there were various things to enjoy at night in Jive, and a lot of people wandered around.
‘It’s not just lively.’ Lian’s sharp eye saw through the darkness of the small alley leading from the main road.
It was hidden in the shadows, but there were people gathered there, and not all beggars.
“Mom! It’s a monster!”
The two women, who were walking with umbrellas, stepped out of the way as soon as they saw Lian.
“… … I need to wash up.”
With his huge size, hair hanging down to his shoulders, and a greatsword, he was an undisputed villain.
While walking down the street in the pouring rain in search of a bathroom, the sound of horses hooves approached from behind.
“Hey, that person!”
One of the women who had just run away in surprise was on board.
“Hey! What!”
The carriage, which was running fast as if about to collide, came to an abrupt halt in front of Lian’s eyes.
As I waited, receiving the rough breath of the horse on my face, a group of troops dismounted from the carriage.
“There will be a brief inspection.”
It was cumbersome because I had already proved my identity.
“Is there a problem?”
“A report came in. They said that an unknown assailant was roaming the streets at night looking for women.”
Ryan, just walked.
“There seems to be a misunderstanding. I am a wandering swordsman. Here is your ID.”
As I learned at the gate, when I presented my ID card, the security guard’s expression softened.
“Thormia. You have come from quite a distance.”
The lucky soldier continued.
“Recently, a heinous murder is taking place in the capital. It’s a serial murder, and the method is perverted. so… …
“Are you saying I’m guilty? I just arrived in Lodenin. The gate guards will check.”
“I don’t mean that. However, as the prosecutor knows, the Security Headquarters has issued a first-degree arrest order. When a report comes in, they are bound to be arrested unconditionally and their whereabouts recorded.”
I understood the words of the gate guard to shave before entering the capital.
‘Even though it’s annoying.’
The security forces couldn’t even chase after the serial killer, and they needed a track record of working hard.
“All right.”
Ryan didn’t ask.
It is because they know that such a performance-oriented labor force gathers to form the security of the city.
‘It’s better.’
Rather than going to the public bathhouse at night, I should have washed myself and shaved at the police headquarters.
“I will cooperate with the investigation.”
“thank you.”
The guards got the woman who reported Lian off the carriage.
“We will take over from now on. Don’t worry and go home safely.”
The woman glared at Lian.
“They tried to kill me! this killer! What are you trying to do by kidnapping me!”
Shaving off the beard would reveal a clean impression, but the prayers of the bloody battle with the demons could not be easily erased.
‘It can’t be helped.’
If even the swordsmen had enough energy to numb their hamstrings, it was natural for the woman to instinctively feel fear.
“Do you provide lodging?”
Realizing Rian’s intentions, the guard smiled.
“of course. It won’t be as good as a good inn. You’ll have to shave if you’re going to make a montage anyway.”
The carriage carrying Lian quickly ran down the stone road.
Lodenin 2nd Security Headquarters.
When I entered the three-story building in the west of the capital, I fell asleep in the warmth.
“I want to wash up first.”
“All right. Let me guide you to the bathroom.”
When I entered the public bathhouse, the sturdy guards who had completed their night patrol were washing their bodies.
As befits those who live with heavy iron armor, their muscles were developed, and their chests were firm as if even a needle would not go into them.
“Whoa, how long has it been since you took a bath?” As Lian took off her clothes, recalling the past she couldn’t remember, the eyes of those in the bath widened.
“wow.”
They are the ones who can’t lose to anyone in terms of body, but Lian’s body is different from the line.
‘How can a person be like that?’
Lian’s body, which had cut through more than 10,000 demons with a straight sword, was beyond the category of living things and was engineering.
‘It’s not a body made from exercise. It’s the body cut by the sword.’
It felt like I could see the kinetic energy that came out when I twisted my perfect inverted triangle body.
The feeling of the men spying on her body was very strange, but Lian tried to avoid it and washed herself.
With a creak, his long beard fell at his feet. The old grime was removed with stone soap like sandpaper.
“Whoa, cool.”
When I came out, shaking my head, there were numerous guards who had already heard the rumors.
“Are you done? ah… …
The guard who escorted Lian looked at Lian’s body while handing over the sword and widened his eyes.
‘Knight of Maha. I can’t believe I’m looking at that whole body.’
It was the honor of a lifetime.
“I’m sorry I didn’t recognize you before. Because it was raining, I couldn’t see the name clearly.”
On the one hand, it was negligence, but it was much easier to confess because the opponent was a knight of Macha.
“it’s okay.”
As Lian waited for the next turn wearing the security guard’s supplies, the guards admitted their mistake.
‘That woman, to report such a tycoon as a murderer. Well, even my skin is shaking… …
Lian’s impression after the bath was not docile, but he seemed honest enough.
“Let’s go. We will finish the investigation as soon as possible.”
It was Lian who thought that he would have to wash his body from now on due to the different treatment from before.
“But it’s a murder case. What is it exactly?”
I’ve heard it’s a perverted method.
“Since two months ago, women have been kidnapped once every seven days. The body is found the next day, surprisingly dead with all the blood sucked.”
“What if the blood is still sucked?”
“It is literally. I saw all kinds of corpses, but this one was gross. It was crumpled up, leaving only the skin, as the blood had drained out without a drop.”
Just imagining it was terrifying.
“Anyway, you can rest assured that you will not become a suspect. So, this way… …
When I opened the door and entered, the bad guys of the night were sitting in the interrogation chairs and being interrogated by the guards.
“Oh, who is this? Aren’t you the knight of Macha who once stirred up the world?”
Square ring installed in the corner. A middle-aged man with a height of more than two meters came to the corner.
It was Venoff, the 2nd Security Commander.
“Captain, this person is not a suspect… …
“You’re out, man.”
It was said jokingly, but an order was an order, so the guard hurriedly stepped aside.
“Yes, I know. He is a hero of hell who does not belong to anywhere and punishes demons alone.”
More than Rian could have imagined, Mach’s article was a worldwide issue.
“After cutting, cutting, and cutting like that, we arrived at Lodenin, the capital of the Jive. Hmm. Good good.”
“What do you want to know?”
Venoff asked, baring his teeth.
“Why is it our kingdom?”
“To go home.” Since I came down straight, I go straight home.
“The situation at the police station is not good these days. Pecking from above, the culprit is never caught. I said I would die from the stress.”
Benoff stepped lightly and tapped the corner with his gloved fist.
“Simply finish. If you come up and have a fight, you’ll be fired right away. Or be investigated to leak me.”
In the end, it meant that he wanted to compete with Mach’s knight.
“Captain, but this way… … Venoff cut off again.
“Just stay still. How is it, Macha’s knight? At the Security Headquarters, how about swords and fists like a man?”
The guard whispered in his ear.
“It’s because my nerves are sensitive. just say no No matter how he looks, he is the champion of the Lodenin Coliseum.”
“I can hear you, man.”
Lian opened his mouth while watching with interest not only the guards being interrogated, but also the bad guys of the night.
“I don’t fight to beat anyone.”
If you can become stronger by defeating someone, what is the emptiness in Lian’s heart?
“okay? So what are you fighting for?”
“I do not know. I’m just thinking that strength isn’t like that.”
“Ha ha ha ha ha! As expected, there is no stalling party for an article that made a name for itself. It’s just a bunch of talk.”
“Such provocations do not work.” The laughter died away in an instant, and Lian walked to her ring, swinging her shoulder.
“However, if it is part of a way to quickly deal with troublesome things, there is nothing that cannot be climbed.”
The corners of Benoff’s mouth went up to his ears.
“That’s right. come up.”
A martial arts showdown was prepared out of nowhere, and guards gathered around the ring.
“Oh really! Let us see too!”
I could hear the low-level guards stringing together the bad guys and dragging them to the temporary detention center.
When Lian climbed onto the ring and took off his top, a security guard who assumed the role of second put the glove on.
It was an open finger glove with open fingertips.
He said, tightening the strap on his wrist.
“I’m sorry it turned out this way. Daejangnim is a martial arts maniac. He was going to participate in the Central Continent Coliseum as a Lodenin champion, but it was canceled due to work. If it weren’t for the police force, he would have gone out into the world.”
It was an expression to be careful around.
“does not matter. Fighting is your job. Instead, let me sleep as soon as I win.”
“haha! Martial arts are different from swords.” Rumors about Macha’s swordsman had been deafening, but the captain’s skill was ascertained with the naked eye.
As I pounded my glove and walked to the center of the ring, Benoff approached me as if I had been waiting.
“Let me explain the rules. Even if I die fighting, I won’t tell my mother. Vital attacks are a foul. I’d rather die. is not it?”
Lian gave a short nod and stepped back to the side of the ring.
“We will start a martial arts showdown between the 2nd Security Headquarters. Allotted time is 10 minutes. Fight to your heart’s content.”
The guard who came in as a referee crossed his arms with an X and immediately jumped over the ring.
Benoff kicked the ground and rushed forward, but Lian raised his guard and only shook his upper body.
‘Where should I look at the champion’s skills?’ The sound of the jab exploded at Lian’s guard who was weaving.
phut! Papapang!
Then, a combination attack consisting of jabs pounded the top of the arm with a light rhythm.
‘Is this fun?’
The corners of Ryan’s lips rose slightly.

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 812 - The Age of Chaos(4).txt
===============================
Age of Chaos (4)
“It starts now!”
After confirming the quality of the meat by beating it on the guard, Benoff launched an attack in earnest.
Unlike the jab, it seemed as if the hammer flew and crashed, and Lian’s upper body swayed as it was buried in the ring.
‘Schema.’
It was also quite high.
‘Can’t I do it in moderation?’
Meanwhile, Venoff’s fists were pounding the guard like a shower.
‘It’s like an iron wall.’
Even if he had solid subordinates, he would have broken his bones and written a letter of resignation if he had hit him like this.
“Let’s see!”
Benoff’s legs came up to his head.
“If you break it, it’s enough!”
When the impact came from the side, Lian’s body was staggered along the line.
‘The guard was opened.’
Sensing the shock, Venoff attacked, but Lian’s fighting had only just begun.
‘Is it slowly boiling?’ Many of the practical skills he learned while fighting the demons were hidden deep inside.
‘Let’s stick together.’
As they exchanged fists, a sound like hitting a leather water bag echoed through the security guard.
“Wow, to be bold and close.” The battle without hesitation in extending their fists made everyone mesmerized.
“The technology is great. I’m not allowing a straight hit.”
An iron-heavy fist passed by his shoulder and every time he lowered his stance, an attack pierced the air.
“friendship! friendship! friendship!”
Benoff pushed in and stabbed a left hog into Lian’s side.
“Keugh!”
I wanted to feel a stiff feeling, and then a light straight approached me.
Reflexively twisting his body, Lian grabbed Benoff’s arm and tried to throw him away.
Benoff, who fell over to the other side as if to stop him, fell sprawled with a thud.
“This child… … !”
As soon as he straightened his upper body, Lian went behind him and placed a triangle choke.
“Come on, let’s try…” …
Benoff, who bounced his upper body, got out of the choke and tackled with Lian’s arms.
“This is it!”
For the next two minutes, the two giants rolled on the floor with numerous ground techniques.
‘shit! What kind of power is this?’
I trained my muscular endurance every day, but after only two minutes of facing Lian, I felt cramps in my muscles.
“You give up. Fighting while weary is dangerous.”
“Ha ha ha! A kid!”
Venoff’s muscles twitched.
“Then you thought we were playing house!”
As I squeezed the strength I had been sucking on to release my restraints, Lian hugged him around the waist.
‘idiot! Your face is blank!’
Just as Venoff twisted his back and was about to swing his elbow, both legs popped up.
“Huh?”
As Lian’s upper body arched backwards, the guards closed their eyes.
‘German Suplex! finished!’
It must have been a shock to the point of breaking his neck, but oddly enough, there was no sound of beans.
“What, what?”
The guards who opened their eyes opened their mouths in a daze.
“Big. you you… …
Benoff’s head floated about an inch off the ring floor.
“Are you capable of being human?”
The fact that he stopped moving in the middle of a German suplex could not be explained by brute force.
“… … How can this happen?”
Benoff asked with his butt pointing to the sky.
“It is the prosecutor’s conviction.”
It was the strength of the will to endure in this position.
“belief?”
Benoff, lost in thought, cried for a moment, then revealed a bright smile.
“lost. Stop it.”
Benoff rolled upside down on the floor and stood up, while Lian leaned back and raised his upper body.
Benoff, who was watching the wonderful process, said.
“how is it? Aren’t you feeling refreshed by sweating?”
“Yes, thanks.”
It’s been a while since I’ve been stressed out.
“I’m sweating, so I need to wash. I heard you washed up a while ago, would you like to come with me?”
“I see. It’s okay to take a few baths.”
It was a lesson learned from coming here.
the next morning.
It would be rude to compare a security guard’s bed with an underground pit in the desert, but Lian’s eyes opened early in the morning.
When I went outside, the guards who couldn’t see if the early morning work was over were sitting in their seats.
“You woke up early. Has your travel addiction gone away?”
Marshal Venoff had no day or night.
“yes. We have to leave early.”
“I said I was going back home. Is there anything else left to do besides that?”
“no. not sure… …
I was curious about the current situation of my family.
“Right. I’m sorry, but I need to say something to hold you back. I was wondering if you could help me, since this is also a romantic relationship.”
“You mean serial murder.”
“I heard you, so you should talk faster. follow me at once Let’s talk as we go.”
Heading to the morgue, Venoff confided a story not unlike the one he heard from the guard the day before.
“The general public is not allowed to enter, but if you’re trustworthy, I’ll show you. This is it.”
When the coroner moved away, Benoff grabbed a handle that looked like a cabinet and pulled it out.
“Hmm.”
Ryan’s face contorted.
“Can you feel it?”
The blood-dried, completely shrunken corpse was like a mummy, with its mouth wide open.
I couldn’t tell if it was fear or ecstasy.
“vampire.”
Venoff nodded.
“A potent dragon species. In fact, it is not that vampire attacks have not been reported in Jive. But this time it’s a bit special. I don’t suck blood to this extent.”
Even in Lian’s opinion, it wasn’t normal.
“Even if vampires use blood as their staple food, isn’t there a limit to their camouflage? So it’s ambiguous. Maybe it was the work of a human disguised as a vampire.”
“If you’re a human, you’re definitely perverted.”
“yes. The royal castle is gradually realizing the seriousness. But I want to do it with my own hands. It’s not out of sympathy, but to be honest, we have to catch and smash this guy.”
“It could be a vampire. Because he is a glutton, he may need a lot of blood.”
It wasn’t denying it.
“I have both in mind. If you’re really a vampire, things get bigger. If you’re a pure-blooded vampire, the Police Department can’t handle it. It should be at the level of the ‘kidney’ of the Guards.”
I knew why Benoff was asking.
‘A vampire… …
There was nothing to do except go home anyway, and vampires were definitely demons.
“All right. Anything I can help with.”
Benoff tapped Lian on the shoulder.
“haha! You would have known that. I’ll make a temporary seat in the department, so wait. You probably won’t be sitting at a desk anyway.”
Ryan unpacked again and waited for several hours in the seat Benoff had assigned him.
The call came after lunch.
“Get in the carriage. I have somewhere to go quickly.”
Benoff’s face was worse than in the morning, but Lian got on the carriage without a muttering.
The place he arrived at was a mansion that could tell at a glance that he was a wealthy man.
Although the site was not as large as that of the Ogent family, it was too large to be built in the middle of the capital of Jive.
“here is?”
“The first class of Jive, the Bark family. After reporting Mach’s knight case to the upper management, a call came.”
“Is it something related to vampires?” Being called out for political work was undesirable.
“Maybe, maybe not… …
The butler opened the door.
“welcome. I received a message from the head of the household. Your lady is waiting for you.”
Upon entering the mansion, a teenage girl was escorted by knights, arms crossed.
“Ah, what! I have to go shopping today! Why are you not letting me go out?”
It was Barque Irene, the only daughter of the family head.
“My lady, don’t you know? Recently, an embarrassing incident has occurred and I am told to refrain from going out… …
“But what if I can’t go out during the day? Daddy is really great!”
“Oh, I have something special today.
It is like that.”
The butler looked back at Rian and Venoff and introduced them again while lowering his head to Irene.
“This is Ogent Lian, the Mach knight who will escort the lady from today. The best master of swordsmanship… …
“it’s okay! Enough with my knights now! How much do you plan on suffocating me?”
Even Ryan didn’t expect this situation.
“To escort civilians?”
Venoff scratched his head in embarrassment.
“Strictly speaking, they are not civilians. Because she is the daughter of Minister Wang Seong. The hostess is an advisor to the economics department.”
Even so, I didn’t understand.
“The other day, I got a warning letter anonymously. It was about beingware of vampires. I don’t know if it’s a joke or not, but it’s a problem that can’t be ignored.”
It was the reason he kept quiet.
“Look at my circumstances. I’m going to organize a riot squad to find the culprit. Just stay for a while.”
Irene, who overheard the conversation, said with a friendly expression.
“So what, am I black now? It’s ridiculous. Hey, Mr. Do you know who I am?”
“The minister’s daughter.”
Irene snorted.
“I know. But I don’t carelessly go out with men, right? And I hate big people. With that alone, you have already failed the audition!”
“audition?”
The people who guarded Irene’s back were all handsome and slender.
“Hey, kid. First of all, I am not a Jive citizen. And just because you have a good body doesn’t mean you have strong fighting power. Finally, I am not a mister, I am an older brother.”
“Puhahaha! he’s a brother How old are you?”
Rian replied confidently.
“Twenty-two.”
“Ugh, you’re completely no land.” In other words, I didn’t want to be here.
“Hey, Macha knight. Get out if you don’t want to. Lady, we are enough.”
A knight dressed in a suit waved his hand and pretended to leave.
She was none other than the minister’s daughter, so life was solid when she received attention here.
‘More than anything… …
If it hits the eye, it’s a jackpot.
“No, fine.”
Irene took a step forward.
“I will hire you. It was because there was a shortage of manpower. Protect our Tonas.”
“Who is Tonas?”
Irene shouted outside the mansion.
“Thonas! Come on!”
A doberman with black fur came running to Irene’s arms sticking out her tongue.
“I’ll be thrilled.”
While Benoff touched his forehead, Irene pointed at Lian with a confident look.
“ruler! Keep it!”
Ryan was adamant.
“no. Either apologize for the rudeness and take my escort, or I’ll just go back.”
“joy! Who do you decide? Didn’t you come here on my father’s orders anyway?”
“You don’t want to die either.”
Irene flinched at Lian’s cold eyes.
“My father called me because he lacked the manpower to subdue vampires. Since you’re guessing, you’re only going to call and gather those smooth kids and hold on.” Most of the victims of vampires were beautiful.
“Uh, what…
While Irene rolled her eyes, the knights standing in the back gathered in a rush.
“Hey, muscular. You’ve been pissing me off since I wanted to hear it. Since we’re handsome, did you add anything?”
“The pyramid is missing.”
“……Lady, we auditioned instead of you.
May I see?”
Irene hurriedly came to her senses and shouted.
“good! Jailbreak!”
The knights were touching their fists and trying to move a step, but Lian’s eyes widened.
Divine Transcendence – Shim Kwon Nanta.
heart strikes first.
– Shim Kwon! Shim Kwon! Shim Kwon! Shim Kwon! Shim Kwon! Shim Kwon! Shim Kwon! Shim Kwon! Shim Kwon! Shim Kwon! Shim Kwon! Shim Kwon!
There was no need to act.
“What are you doing? Hurry up, that cheeky old man…
Irene, who looked behind her with a frown, opened her mouth blankly, doubting her eyes.
“Huuuuu…I”
The knights, who felt as if they had been hit by dozens of fists, were all on their knees in a cold sweat.

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 813 - Dark Clan(1).txt
===============================
dark clan (1)
The knights escorting Irene couldn’t stand it and collapsed on the cold floor.
“What happened?”
Irene asked an absurd question, but even the chief of the peace, Benoff, did not understand the current situation.
‘Eye skills? No, it’s different from that.’ Clear pain appeared on the faces of the knights who seemed to have actually been hit.
“No need to worry. shock to the body
Because there is none.”
If the power of heart had really been activated, their bodies would have been smashed rather than collapsed.
‘No matter how weak I thought they were:
Ryan licked his lips.
It is true that they became stronger while crossing the desert, but even taking this into account, the skills of the knights were below the level.
“good.”
Irene changed her mind.
“You seem to have quite a bit of skill. Let me escort you. Watch over me for 24 hours from today.”
Like Rian said, I don’t want to die.
‘They said there was a warning letter.’
If the contents are true, when Irene died, it was Lian who felt uncomfortable.
“If you want to be escorted by me, apologize for the rudeness.”
Although she wasn’t the type to hold back, she needed to change her attitude in order to escort her properly.
“apologize? Are you apologizing for what I did wrong?”
Ryan turned and walked toward the door, as if he had nothing more to say.
“Al, okay! Got it!”
Even though he has an angular personality, if he changes his attitude quickly, it would be better to call him clever.
“I’m sorry. okay?”
“Tell me exactly what you’re sorry about.” Irene hated it.
“Can’t you be a little cool? This is why I hate them. You keep getting soggy.”
“Would you like some more mud?”
It was a specification to have a deeper relationship anymore.
“I kinda… …
Irene turned her head and said.
“I was treated rudely. Do you really need to hear that?”
Thinking it was okay for a start, Lian nodded and held out his hand.
“good. Did you say there was a warning letter? Show me.”
As Irene took the letter out of her arms, Behnoff came to Lian’s side.
You are the next victim.
Lian tilted her head at the short sentence made by cutting out newspaper letters.
“What is this? It looks like the culprit wrote it, right?”
Venoff shook his head.
“The chances of that happening are slim. First of all, a serial killer never sent a murder notice. There’s no way you’ll suddenly reveal yourself, right?”
“Then it could be a joke. If you are a minister, there will be a lot of static. A political trick… …
Irene stepped out with her hands on her waist.
“no. My dad is not static. ‘Cause he’s the kind of person that no one can beat. And maybe the warning is true.”
Lian handed over the warning letter and asked.
“Why do you think so?”
“Do you know what the characteristics of the victims have been so far? between the ages of 10 and 20. It’s beautiful, it’s rich. Most of all, my skin is so good that I don’t have to wear makeup.”
“What do you mean by that?”
Irene pointed at herself as if frustrated.
“It’s me, me! pretty! lots of money! The texture of the flesh is also soft! If a killer has to kill someone, is there anyone else besides me?” It seemed that he was protesting to be killed.
“There is a point in what Lady Irene said. One of the characteristics of the victims is that they do not wear makeup.”
Rian rested her chin on her chin and thought.
“Anyone who is extremely sensitive to smells… …
“It means vampire. Certain chemical components that humans can detoxify are a weakness for them.”
“It could be a strategy to divert attention to the vampires. Then you are thorough.”
“that’s right. The problem is that there aren’t even eyewitnesses yet. Since we can’t narrow down the investigation, it’s getting more difficult to solve.”
“All right.”
The situation was roughly understood.
“Tonight is exactly the seventh day. For now, I will guard this place.”
A look of relief appeared in Irene’s eyes.
“Well, then I will ask you a favor. Because the warning note may be fake
It’s hard to concentrate.”
“Do not worry. I am enough alone.”
If Macha’s knight was guarding it, the Barque family would not have to worry about it for a while.
Venoff said to Irene.
“miss. Please follow Ryan’s words. No matter where you go, you won’t be able to find such a talented person.”
“I saw what this man was doing.”
As Benoff licked his lips and left the mansion, Irene showed her true colors and said,
“I’m going shopping right now, so get ready to go out. Please take off those old clothes and wear a tuxedo… … Wow!”
Rian also had her true color, so she went up the stairs with Irene over her shoulder.
“You sound like shopping. Go into your room from now on and don’t even step out.”
“transformation! Touching a woman’s body without permission! I will tell Dad everything later!”
“Please.”
It was the first time anyone had ever swung Irene like this, so the butler opened his mouth in a daze.
“What are you doing? Please guide me to your room.”
“Ah yes!”
At Lian’s jaw, the butler jumped up the stairs and led her to the room at the end of the hallway.
“It’s Mom!”
Irene, who was buried in the bed, immediately turned around and smiled as she bent one leg.
“Tell me honestly. Are you in a good mood right now? Do you get pleasure from treating a pretty girl like me?”
Rian looked back at the butler.
“Bring all the mirrors in the house. And the knights in the hall tell me to come to me as soon as they wake up.”
“All right. But the mirror
why… … ?”
“It’s preparing for infiltration.” Vampires can hide invisibility in a way that dominates human vision.
However, it was the eyes of a creature to the end, and it could not hide its reflection in the mirror.
“All right.”
While the butlers brought 30 mirrors to remove blind spots in Irene’s room, Lian rearranged the knights’ positions.
‘What about this… …
I brushed my hands off and looked back at the bed, and Irene was looking at me with a puzzled expression.
“What, do you have something to say?”
“Can I call my friends?”
“no.”
As Irene lowered her head sullenly, Lian spoke in a low voice as if admonishing.
“Be patient. It is a matter of life and death.”
“Being alone is scary. If that’s really what the killer is after, then I…”
Even if he pretended to be confident, he was still a child.
“So listen. If I’m by your side, you won’t die.”
If I died, I would die.
‘He’s not coming.’
Lian’s eyes narrowed when he heard the midnight bell on the first floor of the mansion.
‘Is this really a joke?’
“excuse me… … Can’t we go to the bathroom?”
As Irene twisted her body and said, Lian pointed to a pot placed in the corner of the room.
“There you are.”
“Are you really a pervert? How can a grown woman do business in a place like that!”
“Then come with me.”
“No! That’s never going to happen! It’s no small thing, so
peel… …
Ryan sighed.
“So what?”
“I’ll just go for a while. yes?” Looking at Irene’s expression, she was sweating, it seemed like something big was about to happen.
“Follow me.”
Irene checked again in front of the bathroom.
“Never come close. okay? Wait at the end of the hallway over there.”
“Go in quickly. Aren’t you in a hurry?”
When she stomped her feet and closed the door, Lian leaned against the door and sat down.
“……!”
When I heard the sound of seeing something big, I couldn’t help but burst into laughter.
‘Are all kids these days like that?’
Well, even when Rian was young, the world didn’t feel as heavy as it does now.
After a while, the sound of water was heard.
“Whoa, I almost died.”
Maybe because I was nervous, my captain’s activity was very active.
‘I’m sure he didn’t overhear it, right?’
If that was the case, I approached the washbasin, thinking that Sangjong was a human being who should not be stopped.
‘I’m going to leave in a little while. It’s the freedom of the tide.’
As I was washing my cold sweaty face with water, I looked in the mirror and saw a man standing there.
“huh?”
Irene’s eyes widened as she was receiving water again inertia.
‘What, what?’
Irene, who didn’t have the courage to look in the mirror again, turned her body around quietly and then turned her head.
There was no one.
“Whoa, then that’s right.”
At that moment, Lian’s words came to her mind, and she slowly looked back in the mirror in fear again.
A handsome man in a suit was smiling with red lips.
“Uh, uh uh.”
“Shh.”
The man in the mirror put his index finger to his lips.
‘Sal, save me!’
In my head, I wanted to scream with all my might, but my breath just wouldn’t come out as if my throat was clogged.
The man approached her silently and put his hands on her shoulders, and his cold breath touched the nape of her neck.
‘Bite. bite.’
The man’s fangs were clearly visible through the mirror.
“mister!”
At the same time as he shouted, the door was smashed and Lian stormed in with a greatsword.
‘vampire.’
The bathroom was empty, but in the side mirror a man was turning around.
As he positioned himself and lowered his greatsword, black smoke was pushed to the wall, revealing its true form.
“mister! Boy, keep me… …
“get out.”
Because the energy in her voice was different, Irene immediately escaped through the crack in the broken door.
“You can’t miss it!”
As he went outside, his lower body released into black smoke, Lian also spurred the ground and swung his sword.
“flea!”
Enraged at missing their target, the vampire whirled around Lian like a whirlpool.
‘ fast.’
Among the demons he had dealt with so far, only division commanders or higher had a speed equivalent to this.
‘Let’s see.’
Lian’s sword is the shortest straight line.
‘Stop cutting immediately upon detection.’ As the sword swung at the speed of a flash, the vampire split in two with a popping sound.
“Big!”
However, the two bodies were released into smoke again and gathered in the center of the corridor.
‘Half-soul half-married. It’s definitely tricky.’ Even so, the fact that he performed incarnation right before his body was split meant that he was at the top among vampires.
“… … Is it Almas?”
The vampire’s eyes twitched.
“It must have been a hunter.”
Pureblood vampires have a lineage.
“no. It is a wandering swordsman.”
These are Jinma’s Injection Rod, Rod’s Injection Almas, and Almas’ Injection Besica.
“But how do you know the genealogy of darkness?”
“When you live in the desert, you hear a lot of stories.”
Laika, who was the Minister of Internal Affairs of Radum’s sub-racial organization, Spectrum, was also of the Almas class.
“Hong, such an insignificant human… … The vampire moved with an afterimage.
“How dare you discuss Ma!”
All the windows in the hallway were broken, and knife marks and fingernail marks were carved on the walls as if there was no cause.
“That way! Catch the culprit!”
At the end of the hallway, the self-proclaimed Irene’s bodyguards were coming up the stairs carrying long swords.
“Do not come!”
Just as there is a saying that ignorance is brave, there was no room for fear because the battle was invisible.
“Where are you! come out!”
As soon as the knights caught in the spirit of resonance swung their swords in the air, the heads of three fell off.
“Aaaaaaa!”
Fearful now, everyone turned their backs and left the handshake going back to Irene.
“Idiots!”
Still, if you were a knight, wouldn’t you have to protect your employer, even by dying?
“Got it!”
Huge smoke billowed vertically in Irene’s field of vision, and the vampire’s face fell like a waterfall.
‘Divine transcendence!’
As the wind exploded with a bang, Lian, who had blocked Irene’s way before she knew it, swung her sword horizontally.
‘Heart sword!’
Cut the heart first.
“Kuaaa!”
The infinite horizon split the vampire.
“Ah, uncle… …
For a moment, the illusion of the world being divided up and down shimmered in Irene’s eyes.

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 814 - Dark Clan(2).txt
===============================
dark clan (2)
The mansion was no different from a moment ago.
‘Have my eyes gone wrong?’
However, when Lian’s sword swung, the wall cracked open, revealing the night scene.
And at last, even the scenery split, and only a single flash of light filled the field of vision.
“Big uh… … why?” The vampire’s eyes shook in shock. The body of a demigod and half-soul that can penetrate anything that can be destroyed. However, since Lian’s objects were indestructible, they were natural enemies to vampires.
“Back off.”
Lian aimed her sword at the front.
“It is not over yet.”
The blood was sticky between the vampire’s upper and lower body, and then joined again.
‘Strong play.’
It was one of pureblood’s ability to quickly recover the body using blood.
Vampires are a species that cannot be regenerated if a stake is driven into the heart, but revived if the stake is pulled out.
“you… … You are not human.”
Ryan is human.
“My sword will kill you. Catch me gently.”
“gibberish.”
History has proven what happens to vampires captured by humans.
The vampire, who turned his gaze around for a moment, caught the knights remaining behind his back.
“Geuk, I’ll kill even one more person.” The legs of the vampires started to split, and then they turned into countless bats and flew to the knights.
“Aww! what!”
After kicking off the ground, Lian burrowed into the crowd of bats and saw the terrified knights.
“Get out quickly!”
He swung his greatsword and scattered the bats, but the knights couldn’t even raise their heads.
“Live, live… … !”
Grabbing the knight by the collar and throwing it outside, the body bounced up and rolled on the floor.
“You are the scapegoat tonight!” The vampire, who had released his lower body like smoke, rushed at the neat-looking knight.
‘damn! I can’t!’
At the same time as Rian pushed the knight with all his might, the vampire’s palm flew into it.
“Chungpa!”
In a state of soul, the vampire’s shocking technique hit Lian’s chest.
“Kuk!”
Irene’s face turned pale as Lian’s heart stopped and she slammed into the wall with a bang.
“mister!”
Clink!
In-young with a sleek body broke through the window on the 3rd floor and landed in the hall on the 1st floor.
“Back off!”
It was a woman’s voice, silver hair.
She quickly climbed the stairs with a knocking sound and swung a sharp sword.
The blade cut through the nape of his neck.
“Ouch! This!”
She performed incarnation and turned into a half-soul, but surprisingly, the sword accurately cut the wound.
“??????Hunter!”
The moment I saw the polished black sword the woman was holding, my doubts were confirmed.
In any case, since he killed Lian, the escape route was open.
“damn! Let’s see!” The woman hurriedly turned her direction at the sight of Vampire running through the wall.
“Where are you going to run away!”
“mister! mister!”
The woman who was about to jump at Irene’s sobbing voice flinched and turned around.
Ryan leaned against the wall with his head bent.
“It is already late. Almas-class shock waves do not stop the heart, but explode it.”
There was no reason to even perform emergency resuscitation, so the woman blew herself away and disappeared through the broken window.
Irene did not give up and scolded Lian.
“Don’t die! What do I do when my uncle dies! I mean get up quickly!”
“Ooh, noisy.”
Ryan opened his eyes slowly.
“It’s Mom!”
Irene begged to be revived, but when she actually woke up, she was surprised as if she had seen a ghost.
“What, what is it? The woman has a heart… …
“Yes, it stopped.”
Yaksha’s durability has preserved its form, so it doesn’t take long to recover.
did not
‘Is it still playing?’
Smille’s hallucinations lingered in my ears.
“don’t worry. I won’t die like this.” I was told my heart stopped.
“… … Then how long will it take to die?”
“I don’t know either.”
Possibly no different from a vampire, Lian looked up at the third floor window.
“Who was it?”
Even in the turmoil of life and death, Irene remembered key information.
“She was a silver-haired woman, but the vampire called her Hunter.”
“aha.”
Not all hunters are strong, but as far as Lian knows, they use all the tricks that vampires hate.
‘It makes sense that he ran away.’ If it was a force specialized in fighting vampires, even the Almas class would have been difficult to deal with.
“I can’t. I can only promise the next one.”
It was an inevitable choice to save the knight, but it was better to have his heart stop once than to increase the number of deaths.
“What happened? no way… …
Belatedly, the lights in the mansion came on and Irene’s mother came running with the soldiers.
” mom!”
Holding Irene in her arms, she turned to Lian with a terrified expression.
Originally, she had to work overtime, but due to a warning, only she had returned home 2 hours ago.
“What happened?”
“Vampires are after your daughter. he ran away We won’t raid again tonight.”
“You missed it? Even if you have this many troops?”
Rian did not want to explain the position of the Almas class in vampire society.
“Mom, Uncle Lian, no, my older brother protected me.”
Since there are only a limited number of cases where Irene calls an older person her brother, her mother also relaxed her expression.
“Oh, sorry. I became sensitive without even realizing it.”
“it’s okay. You must be worried about your daughter.”
“yes. If you need anything, let me know. We will do our best to help with any kind of support.”
Ryan looked around the hallway.
“Then, disband all troops first.”
“yes?”
It was an absurd proposal, but if the opponent was Almas, that ragtag would only become a hostage.
“It’s easier for me to keep myself alone. I will explain in detail when the chief of police arrives tomorrow morning.”
“Mom, do as you say.”
Irene’s voice sounded like there was something only the two of them could know.
“Al, okay. then.”
At her direction, Irene came running while the butlers removed the body and tidied up the house.
“Brother, then what should I do?”
Ryan was adamant.
“You go to bed quickly.”
The next morning, the security chief Benoff, who had already received a message from the previous night, came to Bark’s door.
“Have you got one?”
“yes. The culprit seems to be a vampire. That is also the rank of Almas.”
Benoff scratched his head at the word that there were only a few dozen pure blood in the world.
“damn! A giant has arrived.”
“There is a fatality. sorry.”
“I heard about it. It’s not your fault. There would have been more deaths if you hadn’t sacrificed yourself.”
“How is the guard?”
“The whole family will be taken to the royal castle. You can join our riot squad. You don’t intend to leave, do you?”
Although he did not have the same philanthropy as Sirone, Ri An was a swordsman who swore to take responsibility for all deaths.
“Sure. Are there any results?”
“Just confirming that you are a vampire can be called an achievement. From now on, I will press hard.”
“Where are you?”
“There are places where we did not have access rights because there were no clear guidelines in place. Lodenine Blood Bank. Sooner or later, the royal castle will delegate permission to enter.”
If the culprit who took a large amount of blood was a vampire, it was essential to investigate the blood bank.
“Wouldn’t it be too late?”
“The blood bank is a royal subordinate institution. Other departments cannot see the books until a warrant is issued.”
“okay.”
“I’m going to mobilize the royal guard ‘kidney’. If that happens, even a pure-blooded vampire will be defeated.”
If it was an Almas class, that would be the case.
‘Something is strange.’
For the amount of blood one vampire needed, he was losing too much blood.
‘Did they form an organization centered on Almas?’
In particular, the possibility of an inside spy could not be ruled out if it was a royal institution.
“Can you give me some time?”
“why? The riot squad hasn’t been formed yet… …
“There is something I want to investigate separately.”
So, the Barque family entered the royal castle, and Lian walked around the city alone.
‘Here. Lodenin Blood Bank.’ After examining the seven-story building occupying the corner of the triangle, he entered an alleyway.
At night, as expected, several groups roamed the labyrinthine alleys.
‘There is no way to confirm.’
One of the reasons why it was difficult to wipe out vampires was that they were indistinguishable from humans.
‘It has the disadvantage of being weak against sunlight, but… …
It was also fatal for non-pureblood hybrids, and I heard that purebloods use strong regeneration to survive.
“Hey, you guys.”
When Lian called, the group of five stopped walking and turned their heads.
“What are you?”
A man of medium height, who seemed to be the leader, took out a knife first.
“There is something I want to ask you. This blood bank, have you ever seen people come in and out at this hour?”
The leader’s eyes visibly wavered.
“Who are you? Are you at peace?”
“It’s an inspection.”
“test?”
The leader approached brandishing a knife.
“How does my sword taste?”
Just piercing his stomach with a knife without revealing his murderous intentions was evidence of his extensive experience.
“what?”
When Lian, who quickly twisted his upper body, punched his stomach, the leader’s feet rose.
“Turn it off… …
Seeing him kneeling down and regurgitating gastric juices, a group of people from behind rushed at him.
“This bastard is trying to do it now!” There was no need to pull out the greatsword.
“100 million! 100 million!”
When Benoff tapped him with a jab he had learned physically, his neck snapped and he fell to the floor.
“Sal, please save me! We know nothing!”
‘I’m not a vampire.’
But it seemed like he really didn’t know anything.
“Blow honestly. Like I said before, I’m not a security guard. If you make a mistake… …
As Lian pulled out the great sword, the leader’s face turned pale.
“I really don’t know! We just moved! You didn’t do anything wrong!”
“Move? what?”
“Go, bag! If you wait here in front of the blood bank, someone will come in at dawn and give you a bag and money. If you deliver the bag, the money will be ours.”
“Who gave you the bag?”
“It was dark, so I couldn’t see closely.” Lian pointed the greatsword at his neck.
“I put on my glasses! He has a sharp look and is about a hand taller than me. Her face is pale and slim.”
‘He’s not the one who came into the Bark family.’
Ryan asked.
“Where did you carry the bag?”
“Each time the destination is different. Sometimes it’s 13 blocks, sometimes it’s 47 blocks.”
He probably wouldn’t have told me the hideout.
“Are there other people besides you who do this?”
“It seems like everyone is doing it these days. The forces set a date and take turns transporting them. It’s embarrassing to be honest, but they give you too much money. It’s something we risk our lives for.”
Ryan checked the time.
“go back. And from now on, don’t even come here.” As if he didn’t understand, the leader made a blank expression, and Lian raised his tiger eyes and threatened.
“If you don’t like it, would you like to die here?”
“Oh no!”
The leader, unable to even pick up the dropped knife, ran into the alley, and the crowd followed.
‘He’s a broker who goes in and out of the blood bank. If so, the security forces will already be under surveillance.’
That’s why Lian had to step in.
After waiting for two hours at the place where the bullies were returned, people were completely cut off.
On a dark night when even the crystal lights were turned off, a man wearing a bowler hat appeared in front of a blood bank.
‘Come.’
After he looked around and headed out the back door, Lian went out into the street and started following him.

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 815 - Dark Clan(3).txt
===============================
dark clan (3)
A man in a bowler hat and glasses took one last look around from the back door of the Blood Row.
The name of the man who looks exactly like the one I heard from the bully leader is Tempest.
Like the vampires who attacked the Bark family, they belonged to the Almas class.
As Lian was looking around the corner, the man slipped through the wall without opening the door.
‘Vampire confirmed.’
Lian, who stayed in the seat for about a minute, moved slowly and approached the back door.
‘It’s embarrassing.’
Ryan didn’t have the key.
Lian, who gently grabbed the doorknob of the steel door, slightly raised the strength of his arm.
“Huh.”
Suddenly, the iron twisted and the door opened.
‘Did you hear it?’
I quietly pushed the door and checked the movement inside, but I didn’t feel anyone.
When I went inside, relying on the intuition I had cultivated through experience, the corridor stretched all the way to the end of the building.
The crystal lamp was only partially shining, and as I followed the dark hallway, I saw a light in the distance.
‘Blood Refrigerator.’
After reading the sign, he looked outside the door and saw that specially treated blood packs were stored by type.
As the vampire turned toward the door, Lian hurriedly leaned her back against the wall.
‘I won’t be noticed.’
Fastness is not the only measure of strength.
‘There was no sign.’
Lian’s tailing was so slow that even air flow didn’t occur, which was a considerable level.
‘It’s not the best yet.’
He didn’t like his level, but it was enough to fool the enemy.
When Tempest opened the lid of the iron box, the blood packs were neatly stacked.
He glanced over and put the bag beside him and began to move the packs one by one.
“What are you up to?”
Finally, when Lian turned around and stood in front of the door, Tempest stopped moving.
However, he soon regained his composure and continued his work without looking back.
“You’re the one who disturbed Masquer.”
It must have been the name of the vampire who attacked the Bark family, so there was only one conclusion.
“Are you also Almas?”
“It’s called Tempest. It’s been a while since I’ve lived. In the dark, of course.”
“I have no intention of getting involved in vampire society.”
Lian grabbed the large straight sword behind his back.
“But you can’t harm humans. If you get caught obediently, you won’t be in a bad shape.”
“damage?”
Tempest smiled.
“Just as humans eat things, we crave blood to live. To put it in disgust, like a mosquito. Man kills mosquitoes, but he feels no guilt for it.”
It is Lian who has collided with many beliefs while crossing the desert.
‘It’s always like this.’
There were very few cases where the correct answer could be found, and the result was always up to the winner.
“I don’t want to complicate things. I have killed and will kill a human being, so I will arrest you.”
“okay?”
Putting the blood pack in his bag, he turned around.
“I heard about it. They say you fight like a hunter. But do you know where this is?”
“Blood bank.”
“That’s right.”
Tempest’s pupils constricted vertically.
“How are you going to catch me?”
Throwing the blood pack left in the box to Lian, he moved as fast as teleportation.
As Lian’s sword sliced through the pack, blood splattered horizontally along the blade’s trail.
‘Don’t miss it.’
If there were no interrupters, even the Almas class was one step below Lian.
The straight sword was drawn like a flash, and Tempest’s left arm separated with a slap.
“Big!”
In that moment, Tempest finally realized the seriousness of the situation.
‘It’s a strange sword.’
The half-soul vampire has 50% immunity to physical attacks.
However, as Masquer had said, Lian’s black avatar didn’t work.
“but… … !”
When he bit the blood pack, the blood poured out, turning Tempest’s lips red.
‘Strong play!’
The slime blood gushed from the severed arm and regenerated the body in an instant.
“I am invincible here!”
As the Tempest valiantly advanced, the inside of the refrigerator was turned over in a mess.
‘It’s annoying.’
Although Rian severed Tempest several times, the body that sucked the blood did not know that it would be broken.
‘damn! Are you really human?’
On the other hand, Tempest also felt Masquer’s words that Lian was not human.
‘I have to retreat for now.’
That moment when Tempest’s body, which had been released by black smoke, headed out the door as if being sucked in.
‘Now!’
Rian, who rushed with the power of axing, stabbed a large straight sword into the center of the only remaining upper body.
“Kuaaa!”
As the Tempest’s smoke regained its physical form, it pierced the heart and pinned it to the wall.
“Regeneration is impossible if blood circulation is blocked.”
“Quack.”
Tempest grabbed the great sword with both hands.
“Yeah, but you can’t kill me. There’s plenty of blood, so why don’t you stay like that all night.”
A voice was heard outside the door.
“How about this?”
Something stuck in Tempest’s throat with a pick sound.
“Kuh! This… … It was a small syringe.
“what?”
When Lian turned his head, a middle-aged gentleman with a thin moustache entered carrying a medical bag.
“Don’t move. If you pull out the sword, your heart will start beating again.”
After warning, the middle-aged gentleman removed the blood pack from the table and opened the bag.
Two figures enter the warehouse while he improvises a mixture of three drugs and sucks them into a syringe.
It was a tall man and a silver-haired woman.
Lian noticed that the woman’s hair was silver.
“It’s done. Now just inject… …
Tempest shouted in realization as the middle-aged gentleman approached, drawing oxygen from the syringe.
“Hunter?”
Then he struggled violently.
“no! That’s not enough!”
My heart stopped, so I had no energy.
“Vampire special blood coagulant. It only takes 5 minutes to detox, but it’s enough in this state.”
“You children! free me! I will kill you! I will suck all your blood!”
“now! stay calm It is very painful.”
Tempest screamed as the middle-aged gentleman violently thrust a syringe into his collarbone.
“Kuaaaaa!”
When the injection was injected, a noticeable change occurred.
‘It is disappearing.’
Violet blood vessels rose like a net on Tempest’s pale skin, and the skin became crumbly and fell off like dead skin cells.
“Ahhhhh… …
Then, as if it had been cooked by the heat, the whole body burned to a crisp and turned to ash and fell to the floor. A tall man followed the middle-aged gentleman and looked at Lian with a huge gun slung over his shoulder.
“What are you anyway? How did you find out about this place?”
Before he could answer, the silver-haired woman raised her sword and charged.
“Move. I have to kill you.”
As Lian, who had activated Axing, hurriedly stepped back, his colleagues watched with their eyes narrowed.
“what? Why are you moving like that?”
The silver-haired woman pointed a sword.
“You must be a vampire. kill it.”
Ryan roughly grasped the situation.
‘Things are twisted.’
Certainly Axing resembles a vampire’s movements, and above all, she was the one who confirmed Rian’s death.
“You must be wrong. I am human.”
“gibberish!”
As the silver-haired woman ran up the wall, a tall man pointed a gun in front of her.
“Is this it?”
As the bullet fired with a roar, Lian raised her arm to block it.
With a popping sound, the marbles lodged in the muscles.
“Keugh!”
“Did you block it with your body?”
Seeing that sight, the tall man lowered his gun, and the woman who ran up the wall also landed in the middle.
“Huh!”
Hearing Smille’s hallucinations, he tightened his arm and the orb fell to the floor.
it was made of silver.
“what? Are you going to be patient?”
When hit by a silver bullet, it was impossible to recover for several minutes even with Almas-class powerful regeneration.
“It doesn’t work for me. Are you human?”
The tall man shook his head.
“No, if you’re human, you’re already dead.” A middle-aged gentleman returned from looking outside and waved to his comrades.
“Let’s get out of here. The ‘kidney’ is coming.”
Lian frowned.
“height? Royal Guard?”
I heard that it will take time for the mobilization team to be organized.
‘There’s something I don’t know.’
The giant pointed at Lian with his thumb.
“What about this guy?”
The silver-haired woman came closer to Lian.
“Are you not a vampire?”
“As you can see… … No, I can’t prove it, but I hate drinking blood.”
Even to her, Lian’s face had a lively complexion, unlike yesterday when his heart stopped.
“Xenia, didn’t you misunderstand? If it’s vampire fire, you just need to feel the waves.”
The silver-haired woman, Xenia, bit her lip.
“It’s a problem because I can’t feel it.”
The middle-aged gentleman concluded.
“Then you are a human. Are you going to take it or not? Things get complicated when you get entangled with Wang Seong.”
Even though they were vampire hunters, they weren’t using legal methods either.
Xenia turned and spoke to Lian.
“If you are really innocent, follow me. You’ll find out if you investigate at headquarters.”
“I will.”
Ryan had no intention of being here either.
“However, if it turns out that you are a vampire… …
Crossing the threshold, Xenia said coldly.
“I will kill you myself.”
Royal Guards surrounded the Blood Bank.
“The door is broken!”
“Go in! Beat the Vampire
la!”
20 minutes after that, a group of troops who looked inside approached the commander of the 3rd unit in Xinjiang.
“I found the traces of the vampire. but… … It had already turned to ashes and was destroyed.”
“Damn it! Are you a Hunter again?”
“How on earth did he know to come to you first?? This operation was completely classified.”
“I don’t know. Rumor has it that it’s another vampire. withdraw anyway The blood bank is closed for the time being.”
“yes!”
On the roof of a building 100 meters away from him, Lian was looking at the blood bank.
‘It must have been a secret operation.’
Tomorrow morning, Benoff’s temper tantrum was pictured in his mind.
the middle-aged gentleman asked.
“I don’t think it’s from the king’s side, but where did you get the information about the blood bank?”
“Just, here and there.”
It seemed that there was no need to reveal the reason.
“We are hunters. It’s called the Genocide Team. Should I say the last vampire hunter left in Lodenin?”
‘Genocide.’
The team name was significant.
“I am the drug expert catein. This is Gunner Fowler. And swordsman Xenia, the leader of Genocide.”
Xenia, who cut her silver hair short, had a sharp chin and thin eyebrows.
“Hong, I don’t know who I am yet, but Tong Seong-myung Katein stopped talking.
“What is your name?”
“Rian. Ogent Lian.”
Xenia turned to Lian with a surprised expression.
“A Knight of Macha?”
In this case, it was convenient to know the name.
“It seemed like they called it that way too.”
There is a rumor that a swordsman has heard at least once since the demons appeared in the world.
A mythical story about a swordsman crossing the desert alone and slashing demons.
‘This man… …
He was much younger than I had imagined.
“but!”
Xenia’s voice trembled.
“You got hit by shock! My heart wouldn’t have been able to hold on. No, he was definitely not breathing… …
“Long, so to speak.” At least it wasn’t something to talk about at dawn.
“Go back at once. Leave it to Dr. Grain.”
Anyone who studies anomalies in living things should be able to come up with an answer.
Xenia groaned and turned around.
“Follow me. Let me introduce you to the hideout.”

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 816 - Dark Clan(4).txt
===============================
dark clan (4)
Genocide’s hideout was a small cabin in the woods beyond the city walls.
It was a cozy place where firewood was burning in the fireplace, but when I went down to the basement, a fortress came out packed with sophisticated machinery.
There was a passage leading to the weapons storage, and on the other side was the machine room.
“Come on. Did things go well?” A woman with grease on her face opened the door to the machine room and came out.
Her red hair was cut short like a man’s, and a dirty towel was wrapped around her neck.
“Oh my, who is this person?”
Xenia didn’t believe anything she wasn’t sure about.
“I do not know yet. I met you on the way Where is Mr. Grain?”
“To the medical room. It sounds like you’ve developed a new drug.”
At the end of the hallway, there are medical facilities in a space larger than a cabin.
The white-bearded doctor who was looking through the microscope turned his chair.
“Here we come, our stormtroopers.”
Doctor Grain.
A doctor belonging to Genocide and a clinical trial expert, he was a man who knew everything about vampires.
“I see a new face. no way… … Aren’t you a vampire?”
It was a common joke, but this time the reaction of the party was not so friendly.
“I brought him for that. This man is called Macha’s knight. Self-proclaimed, of course.”
“Hoo? If so, I’m even more suspicious. Slashing 10,000 demons is not the realm of living things.”
“Stop talking nonsense and check it out. Can a human whose heart has stopped be revived?”
Grain turned to Lian as if seeking an explanation.
“What are you talking about?”
“in fact… …
On the way to the hideout, he heard about a person called Grain, so Lian also expressed his curiosity.
“Hmm, if you hear the hallucination of Smille, it means that the wound will regenerate. Even in death.”
“yes. I think I forgot how to die.”
Grain nodded.
“It’s a strange thing. But it is not a special phenomenon. Because immortality is also the original characteristic of living things.”
“You mean you won’t die?”
“What is death? Just because a stone breaks doesn’t mean it’s dead. Living things also came from inorganic matter. If you go back to the beginning of life, to the primeval, there is no concept of death.”
Ryan listened intently.
“But why didn’t it evolve into an eternal creature? It’s because of the virus. Small things in the middle between animate and inanimate things infect certain information.”
Grain punched the palm of his hand.
“You know what I mean? If we don’t try to change the information, we’ll go extinct because of the virus. There is a limit to defense with mutation alone. So living things borrowed a unique way of combining information. The combination of male and female creates new information and then discards the old information.”
“That is death.”
“As long as the virus exists, old information must be discarded, and new information must be produced endlessly. This is why animals hate incest. Combining it with outdated information does not help fight the virus.”
Grain pointed at Lian.
“Smiele’s hallucinations, your grandfather said he heard them too. But you don’t know who Smille is.”
“yes.”
“Maybe he knows. Even if it’s not in your memory, it could be imprinted in your genes.”
“Genes?”
“The more you enter the world of microparticles, the more you realize that there are no analogs in this world. Life is nothing more than an aggregate of information in the smallest unit. I think your present nature could be a very old genetic code that responds to certain stimuli.”
Xenia asked.
“If that information is triggered, you don’t die?”
“It is possible. As I said earlier, death is not the original function of life.”
Ryan asked.
“Is it possible to get the information written in that gene into your head?”
I wanted to know.
Who was the owner of <Idea>, and why did Ymir know Ogent?
“I don’t think it’s impossible.” Grain rose from his seat.
“Because the auditory hallucinations you hear are also memories at the genetic level infiltrating your head. But it takes a complicated process to go into more detail.”
“What if it’s a complicated process?”
“Genetic information is not human text. But the brain is a perfect interpreter. If a specific stimulus evokes a memory, try changing the direction and intensity of that stimulus.”
Grain was an expert.
“Probably not an area that creatures can handle. No matter how regenerated, the pain is real. So, how far have you experienced it?”
“well. I have experienced the extent to which my heart stops.” Saying that, I looked back at her, Xenia, and she shrugged her shoulders as if she believed it now.
“Have you ever been decapitated?”
“They have never been completely separated.” Grain pursed his lips.
“If I were to test you, I would cut off your neck first. Because I want to know the limit of recovery.”
“I have had my brain broken, but Grain shook his head.
“It is completely different. The body is a combination of core functions that cannot be said to be more important. It’s not important because it’s already been weeded out. It’s a risky endeavor if you don’t have experience. You wouldn’t want that either.”
It’s true that I wanted to know about Smille’s hallucinations, but I couldn’t die in vain.
“yet… … I think there is still work to be done.”
“Yes, as a last resort. Let’s stay here and try this and that.”
Ryan asked.
“Then what is a vampire? Did they also activate immortality at the gene level?”
“no. Quite the contrary.” Grain turned to Lian.
“Strictly speaking, they are not creatures. It’s a virus. Dominating humans by injecting specific information into them, or regenerating their bodies by absorbing their information. Everything follows the mechanism of the virus. Neither animate nor inanimate, a demigod and half-soul being.”
“You mean the virus evolved?”
“no. It was a creature at first.” Grain’s accident went back in time.
“A long time ago… … There was a bat that realized incarnation and got a human body.”
It was an old anecdote.
“Like any human being, he was obsessed with eternal life, and eventually got it. But he wasn’t satisfied with that. No matter how infinite the lifespan, the extinction of the object cannot be prevented. That’s why I can’t cut your throat.”
Creatures can be destroyed by some powerful force.
“He wanted to exist until the end of the world. Then I found the most efficient way to go back to the source of life.”
“It’s a virus.”
“okay. half-married. He could have become a virus that never dies at the cost of giving up half of his substance.”
Grain’s eyes contained the intent to kill.
“That is the beginning of vampires. He is currently third in the Order of the Ten Lords, the last of Faust the Jinma.”
“… … You know about Heaven.”
“I don’t know the details. All I know is the information I got while tracing the lineage of Vampyre. Faust, who gained true eternal life, naturally lost his ability to reproduce. Instead, they inject special prions from their fangs to make them obedient.”
“Are you talking about pure blood?”
“When Jinma stayed in our world, 3 people were injected. They are the Lords who rule the vampire society.”
Grain drew a genealogy in the air with his finger.
“Lord created dozens of Almas, and Almas created thousands of Vesicas. The further down the genealogy, the further away from Jinma. But one day, someone from the Besica class mutated.”
“Which mutation is it?”
“It’s got fertility.” “That Besica, who fell in love with her human woman, slept with her and bore her child. Surprisingly, even that child had vampire traits. We call them half horses. But purebloods are called this.”
Grain raised his index finger.
“hybrid.”
Xenia’s face darkened.
“A lot of hybrids have spread in the world. Werewolves come out of various crossbreeds that are beyond words. Of course, breeding between half-horses was much more common.” Grain glanced at Xenia.
“In the process, a mutant with abilities impossible even for pure-blooded vampires was born.”
“which… … ?”
“As viruses have their own wavelength, vampires also have a special wavelength. It gave me the ability to accurately detect that wavelength and track its location.”
The biggest reason why vampires could not be wiped out was that they were difficult to distinguish from humans.
“It’s a great ability.”
“that’s right. That’s how Vampire Hunter was born. Its characteristic is that it has been silver-haired since birth. That’s why we call them Silverbones.”
Only then did Rian look back at Xenia.
“Huh, what?”
Grain said.
“that’s right. Xenia is a Silverborn. Her skin gets burned by ultraviolet rays and her ability to detoxify silver is extremely low, but her body is regenerated through her blood and she has physical abilities comparable to those of a vampire.” Just then, a woman from the engine room, Engineer Passett, entered the medical room.
“But instead of blood, they eat human food and have the ability to reproduce. There is no incarnation of a bat.”
One of the abilities of vampires, mimicking a bat, was the incarnation of Faust, a real horse, passed down from generation to generation.
“Facet, are you done?”
“What’s the point of counting live ammunition? Anyway, with this case, some money came in, so I increased the percentage of silver in the alloy. The paralysis effect will increase by 10% compared to before.”
Fowler clashed their fists.
“Hahaha! I want to see a quick shoot! I’m dying to see the expression on the face of a battered vampire!”
Passett reached out to Lian.
“nice to meet you. I don’t know what happened, but the misunderstanding seems to have been resolved. I’m an engineer facet. I am working on remodeling firepower.”
“Firepower?”
drug expert Catein said.
“There are three main ways to deal with vampires. Firearms, drugs, and metals. Everyone exploits their weaknesses.”
Passett went on to explain.
“Use silver for firepower. Because it slows down the vampire’s recovery. The drug group uses a drug called Anticell manufactured by Mr. Grain. And the metal tool, Xenia, pulled out a black metallic sharp sword.
“Silence. It is made of an alloy with Obscura B added to it.”
“Obscura… …
It was a material that went into the video recorder, and due to its scarcity, it was an item handled by the state.
“Even a vampire cannot penetrate Obscura B.”
Passett said.
“It’s incredibly expensive. It’s a mineral that can only be found in ultra-low-temperature dark rooms, and it can’t be made with alchemy. That’s why I couldn’t even dare to use it as a firearm and used it for a metal weapon. A good swordsman is much more efficient than a firearm.”
Xenia smiled, which is not often seen.
“What is the effect of Anticell?”
“Basically, it clots blood and destroys cells. Vampires are defenseless against cell-level attacks.”
Grain raised the syringe.
“Still, I need to prepare a lot to deal with them. When hit with the power pack I developed, it has pain-relieving effects and increases muscle strength. Strengthening the nervous system also increases agility.”
There were also side effects.
“Is everyone fighting against that?”
“No, Xenia is an exception. There is something much more efficient than a power pack for a half horse.”
Xenia pulled out a slender mechanism.
“Blood Q (menthol).”
It was a tool for steaming blood and inhaling steam.

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 817 - The world they live in(1).txt
===============================
the world they live in (1)
“It is simple to use. The iron core generates heat when the button is pressed. This heat evaporates the blood.”
When Xenia, who was holding the Blood Q, pressed the button with her thumb, a stem rose from the tip.
“Suck this up.”
As she put the tube in her mouth and inhaled, her silver hair stood up a few strands and her eyes tightened.
“You eat blood.”
No matter how much the form changes, the fact does not change
don’t
“okay. I am also half a vampire.”
Smoke mixed with the cool scent of menthol spewed from her mouth.
Grain said.
“Drinking blood is kind of disgusting, so it was designed to be inhaled in vapor form. It also has the advantage of being fast. Because it permeates right through the capillaries.”
“Where do you get the blood?”
“From humans. In an illegal way.”
The word illegal was not used.
“I won’t make the excuse that I couldn’t help it. However, while inhaling Blood Q, Xenia’s sensitivity is enhanced by more than 100 times. It’s enough to track all vampires within a radius of 2 kilometers.”
When Xenia inhaled the Blood Q again, her hair stood up even more and a few strands trembled.
“Seven vampires 700 meters to the northwest. Three at 900 meters to the south. It is also on the east side.”
Fowler gnashed his teeth.
“It’s a garden of bats.”
“Recently, the number is increasing even more. The number of Almas we checked is already 4. Do you know what this means?”
Lian replied.
“road.”
“okay. The ruler of vampires, it means that one of the three Lords is here in Lodenin. In other words, the opportunity to end this damn war has arrived.”
In order to annihilate the vampires that increase their numbers through injection, the root must be cut.
Grain said.
“Fight with us. It’s a price to pay, but I’ll actively cooperate with you to find out your secret.”
“Do not worry. I have already sworn to take responsibility for the death I caused.
Are you?”
Macha’s knight is a person who is on the list of candidates for the great swordsman among the hooligans.
The faces of Genocide and his party brightened as they gained a strong ally, but Xenia was an exception.
“Talk to me.”
Grain said as Xenia went upstairs.
“Looks like you have something to say as the team leader. just remember this She is not Vampire.”
he added.
“And not even human.”
Xenia is a Silverborn.
“I know.”
Blood Q, which evaporates and inhales disgusting blood, must have been a tool to show her identity.
Leaving the group behind in the medical room, Lian followed Xenia up to the cabin.
The door was open, and she was looking up at the moon with her obscura-B sword drawn.
“What are you talking about?”
Xenia turned around.
“Why are you fighting demons? Is it hate plural? Or is there some other reason?”
It was suitable as a half-ma’s question.
“To protect the person I love.”
Xenia was lost in thought.
“Are you? Why are you fighting vampires? If you have to hate someone, isn’t that human?”
Humans are the most exclusive species.
“It is not wrong. Because my parents were both half horses. I’m not ignorant of human hostility… …
Xenia laughed.
“Do humans become objects of hatred?” “You know, even half-horses, humans are no match for us. They are just prey. It was a vampire, not a human, who killed my parents.”
The moonlight was cold.
“I just lived a normal life. Sucking human blood with mom and dad, sometimes looking at the moon… …
Xenia asked.
“Is it weird to say it’s normal?”
“no. The same goes for humans anyway.” Preying on numerous races, ordinary people
Crabs live.
“But they gave us a tragedy.”
“blood?”
“They call us hybrids. Guys don’t know love. I can’t do raw food itself. virus.”
Her sword, the Dark Blade, trembled.
“If humans are food for pure-bloods, hybrids are insects that cannot even be eaten. In the end, my parents were arrested… …
When Xenia tore off the collar on both sides, a lightning bolt-shaped wound was engraved on the pit of the stomach.
“I too have been subjected to all sorts of experiments. Even if you inhale blood cues, these wounds won’t go away. It’s not my skin tissue. You rubbed my stomach as you please. Do you know that feeling?”
Because it was Lian, it seemed like he knew.
“All members of Genocide have lost someone important to vampires. Fowler’s wife, Grain’s daughter… …
Xenia turned to Lian.
“What have you lost? Are you fighting to protect your loved ones? If that’s the case, you’re looking at this floor funny. You are also a peculiar character. If I fall into their hands, I will suffer the same fate. You won’t be able to stand it.”
It wasn’t Rian that Xenia didn’t trust, it was all selfish humans.
“No matter how hard it is, if you can console yourself, you are not ready to fight. To me, any aphorism, any verse in the world is just disgusting.”
It was the world of vampire hunters.
“I wanted to become stronger.”
Ryan was the first to speak.
“There is someone I really want to protect. But he is much stronger than me.”
Is Sirone still fighting the world?
“I think about how to become stronger. But when that question comes to mind, I wonder what is stronger this time. There are many answers, but none of them really hit me.”
Xenia listened silently.
“So I decided to just walk. Every step I took seemed to bring me closer, so I just walked.”
That’s how I cut 10,000 demons.
“From the end of the land in the north, continue toward the house… … Then I arrived here. Am I stronger now? Can you protect someone important to you?”
It was a simple and ignorant method that was hard to believe for someone who was nominated for the Grand Swordsman.
“I don’t know yet. But even now I am walking straight. Maybe we’ll find out when we get home.”
“What if you still don’t know what strength is?”
“Walk again.” It was too easy to say what a dark feeling it was.
“Strength means, you are a swordsman too, but what kind of swordsmanship did you practice, how much did you improve your strength, even reading books or referring to quotes from famous swordsmen… …
It was the only fact I realized while crossing the desert.
“It won’t be that complicated. It’s because you don’t understand that it’s complicated. If I could walk the whole world, if I could break through everything in front of me… …
Lian pulled out a large straight sword.
“It means I can go anywhere.”
Zenia, who flew backwards as if buoyant, drooped the Dark Blade diagonally.
“At that point, there is only one place I need to go.”
Sirone.
“Return to the lord.”
As Lian’s body was denied, he rushed at Xenia with a motion that ignored inertia.
“Taha!”
Xenia, who spun while dodging the attack, swung her sword at Lian’s back neck.
‘what?’
As if the front and back of the body were reversed, Ri An suddenly turned around and raised the sword upward.
A clear iron voice exploded, and the Dark Blade soared high into the sky.
Xenia looked at the direction of the black sword reflected in the moonlight and raised her head in a daze.
“Your situation, and mine, are actually not complicated. Once you break through, everything becomes simple.”
It gets complicated when you don’t have the courage to do it.
“I have no intention of stopping. So don’t stop either.”
Lian, who caught the falling Dark Blade, reversed the blade with a graceful motion and pushed out the handle.
“ah??????
“If I want to stop, then you just have to hit my neck with this sword yourself.”
Xenia, who had been staring at the extended handle for a long time, retrieved the Dark Blade as if snatching it.
“Hong, it’s quite good. But remember. I don’t believe in humans or vampires. I only trust the people I trust.”
Since I couldn’t heal her wounds every night, Lian felt lighthearted on the other side as well.
“let’s go. We have to wipe out the vampires.” Back at the cabin’s underground facility, Genocide and the others were having an early breakfast.
“Come on. Is the talk over?”
When Xenia threw the Dark Blade, it hit the wide magnet attached to the wall with a bang.
“We agreed on the point of fighting together.”
It was a word that was left open, but Lian looked different just by convincing Xenia.
“Come and sit down. Eating is important to fighting.”
The meeting proceeded with a menu of boiled meat and fresh vegetables.
“Even in the state of inhaling blood cues, the location of the rod is still unknown.”
Passett said.
“To know that, you must first capture the Almas class. By the way, I heard that the blood bank is closed?”
said Ryan.
“Maybe vampires have infiltrated the royal castle. Because Almas can withstand sunlight. There’s someone I know in the police force, so I’ll ask.”
I had to meet Benoff anyway.
“Are you okay? Is it morning already?”
“A day or so is fine.”
Xenia stretched out and yawned.
“It won’t be more than a day from now. You’d better adjust to jet lag quickly, too.”
For vampire hunters, morning was the time to sleep.
“I will.”
It was morning when the sun was pouring through the branches of the trees when I went out of the cabin.
‘Will Irene be safe?’
The memories of the previous night were dark like a dream.
“Lord, I’ve been looking for blood.” An Almas class Masquer has arrived at the vampire hideout in Lodenin’s underground dormitory.
When Tempest, who was in charge of the blood bank, disappeared, he had to wander all night to fill the quota.
Standing on a chair engraved with ugly bat sculptures, an old man who seemed to never grow old looked away.
It was the Vampire Lord, Benedict.
“Keugh!”
The reason why you feel the chill just by making eye contact is because he made you.
“It is too late. He was very angry.”
“sorry! Because the hunters are interfering… …
“I don’t want to hear excuses.”
As his voice resounded in the dome-shaped space made of bricks, all the Almas guarding the side knelt.
“For an immortal being to be swayed by a human or something. It could be said to be the disgrace of a vampire.”
Masquer had something to say.
“Haona, the opponent is the Silver Bone. And among the humans I met, there was even a knight of Macha.”
“A Knight of Macha?”
“You may not know Lord, but he is classified as Class One among humans.”
“Class one.”
Vampires rule the human night, but there were exceptionally strong individuals among humans.
Class One was the best among vampires, and it was a daunting level with one Almas.
“Please pack up your troops. I will take another Almas and wipe them out.”
Benedict shook his head.
“There are more important things to do now. To awaken the two remaining Lords from hibernation.”
It was the first time in 2,000 years that three Lords appeared in the world at the same time.
“For the time being, don’t pay attention to the Hunter and focus on collecting more blood.”
Masquer was about to lower his head when he heard a cold voice from behind.
“It’s a different story when it comes to Macha’s knights. Because my comrade, Bak-nyeo, is also a person who has defeated me.”
Benedict jumped up from his seat.
“I-how did you get to such a shabby place… …
Faust, the model of vampires and the 3rd in the Order of the Ten Commandments, appeared with a beautiful smile.
“Meet Jinma!”
While dozens of vampires knelt down, he looked up at the ceiling and murmured.
“He will be our last puzzle.”

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 818 - The world they live in (2).txt
===============================
the world they live in (2)
The border area between Kashan and Jive.
In the middle of the desert where the sun was beating down, a man in a priestly uniform was reading a book.
Curly black hair covered her face like a curtain under her black fedora.
Sitting on a rock, bending his long legs like a stork at right angles, he looked up at the sun and exhaled.
“ha.”
Dry smoke billowed out.
“Are you coming again?”
As I lowered my gaze to the horizon, an old man wearing a black umbrella approached me through the haze.
“Are you still holding on to your bible?”
As if God had lifted it up and put it down, the old man was approaching the man before he knew it.
“A life without mercy is like an endless desert.”
“Have you forsaken God?”
the old man added.
“To become a god.” The bible closed with a thud.
“What did you come for?”
“The Lord is looking for you.” The priest’s name was Nike, a vampire called Almas, the strongest in history.
“The weather is nice.”
He looked up at the sun, with tanned skin completely different from that of a vampire.
“… … Are you okay?”
Vampires are weak against UV rays, but can survive for some time with their own powerful regeneration.
If it is an Almas class, it can last for about 4 hours on average, but its activity tends to drop.
“Haaaaa.”
Nike, whose brown skin had been burned, exhaled a hot fig, and the skin instantly regenerated.
‘He’s like a monster.’
Its regenerative ability, which was 10 times stronger than that of other Almas, was close to that of a rod.
“Just because you can endure it doesn’t mean it’s not painful.”
Nike, who tore her lips long, went into a biting state, and the gums near her fangs rose upward.
“There is no eternal life without pain.”
Biting the target is called biting, and suction and injection can be performed in that state.
Suction was the ability to suck blood, and injection was the ability to inject prions to subdue opponents.
“What is your mission this time? Hybrid hunting?”
One-tenth of the half-horses spread all over the world were captured by Nike and subjected to cruel experiments.
“The Jinma has arrived.”
Nike’s gaze turned to the old man for the first time.
“You said you would remove all the vampires’ weaknesses and take over this world. We are currently collecting blood to wake up the 2 Lords.”
“Right. What am I going to do?”
“Come to Jive. We will find you.”
After saying that, the old man’s face changed into that of a hideous bat, and it dug into the ground in an instant.
U 99
Nike looked at Jive’s location.
“Is it the promised land?”
When Lian arrives at the Security Headquarters, Benoff is waiting for him to die.
“What happened last night? Your complexion is not good.”
“The captain doesn’t look good either. You must have heard of the blood bank case, right?”
“Don’t talk. He cheated us like a gimmick in Xinjiang. Even the magistrate didn’t hear it.”
“I was at the scene.”
“You?”
Ryan confessed what had happened the night before.
“what? You met Hunter?”
“yes. There are people who can tell vampires apart. That’s why they were always faster than us.”
“Where are they?”
Lian shook her head.
“Well, they are those who engage in unauthorized activities. So what are you going to do? Are you going to join them too?”
“I am a stranger. I don’t want to get involved in the king’s affairs. And personally… …
It was an opportunity to find out Smille’s secret.
“You say that, but I can’t stop you. But let’s exchange information from time to time.”
Surprisingly, it was so pure.
“What are you thinking?”
“in fact… … I understand your feelings. Apparently, there is an inside spy in the royal castle.”
Benoff made a secret offer.
“Sooner or later, the royal castle will hire hunters from all over the world. You have to release the cat to catch the hiding mouse.”
“People I know will not participate. they… …
“No, it’s not like that. The Hunter you know, you said you could know the location of the vampire, right?”
Lian also caught on.
“As long as the conditions are right.”
“There is a job interview for Hunter in the capital. High-ranking officials will also come to observe. This is a great opportunity to uncover insider spies. If you help me with this task, I’ll leave the Hunter’s work behind.”
It was a good thing for both of them, and if it was Xenia that Rian knew, he would definitely agree.
“Let’s talk. Instead, you must make sure to protect yourself. I’m not going to come out of there myself.”
“know. I just need to know who the spy is. It’s a fact that only you and I know, so it won’t be revealed.”
After breaking up with Venoff, Lian arrived at Genocide’s hideout, paying attention to tailing.
When people who had fallen asleep in the morning woke up one by one, Lian summoned everyone.
“… … This offer came in.” Grain said, stroking his chin.
“Inside spy. Certainly, if there are vampires attached to the royal castle, things will be difficult.”
Passett said.
“It’s unpleasant to feel like they’re looking at us. Anyway, it has something to do with our work, right?”
Most of them seemed to agree, but in the end, the decision was left to Xenia, who was Silver.
“I don’t trust anyone.”
Colleagues who knew her character shut up.
“Shall I be honest? It made me feel bad that Ryan had spoken about our affair, so Cartain defended himself.
“They know about Hunter anyway. Silver Bondo. You just said we met.”
“I told you the Silver Bone was here!”
said Fowler.
“I didn’t say where. Xenia, that’s far-fetched. We also can’t find the vampire’s hideout, so we keep wandering. Wangseong openly said that he was hiring hunters. Maybe we can find a breakthrough through this incident.”
Xenia did not give up.
“I know, that’s a good offer for us. So this is my problem. It’s a matter of emotion.”
said Ryan.
“I apologize if I was offended. It’s not forcing. I’ll cut off contact with you if you want.”
“Don’t treat me like a child! I said good suggestion! Just, I… …
“Yes, that would be scary.”
Xenia is neither a human nor a vampire.
“what?”
“It’s scary to hold hands with people you don’t trust. But you don’t have to hold hands.”
“Heh, you speak easily. What if you try to use me? What if I become a human dog and fight in the future?”
“Then I cut myself.”
Everyone turned to Lian.
“Whether King Jive, Xinjiang, or the Police Corps, if you break your promise, I will fight in your place.”
Xenia couldn’t understand Lian.
“How can you say it so easily? are you human too You said you would kill a human for me?”
“It’s too late to think with a sword. You always have to think before that.”
It was Ryan’s philosophy.
“It’s not love or sacrifice that you can do with sharp metal. To take responsibility for all the deaths I have caused. I have already made that decision.”
“What are you… …
Living as a vampire hunter, Xenia must have also made countless deaths.
Those deaths that may have been ignored.
But Ryan said he would take responsibility.
“You said there was someone you really wanted to protect, right? What is that person doing? What would you do if you were a fugitive for the rest of your life? Will you still fight for me then?”
“Don’t make me say it twice.”
Haven’t you already made that decision?
“That is my belief.”
The feeling was so far-fetched that Xenia couldn’t find any reason to be stubborn.
“I don’t believe in humans.”
“Xenia.”
Just as Passett was about to step out, Xenia raised her head.
“But since you said you would take responsibility, I will help you this time. You must be by my side.”
“okay.”
Rian nodded, and Xenia turned around with a calm expression.
“hungry. Let’s eat.”
The corners of Grain’s mouth went up slightly.
‘You met a nice person, Xenia.’
Everyone has painful memories, but the pain she had to live as a half-horse was longer than others.
‘Rian might be able to take responsibility for her cursed life.’ No, it was only possible because it was Lian. The genocide team roamed the streets of Lodenin every night to find the vampire’s hideout.
A few Besica class vampires were captured, but even they had no information about the superiors.
“damn! Dodge like rats!”
In the medical room, Grain’s cruel experiment was conducted to find out everything about vampires.
“Kuaaa! I will kill you!” Xenia’s expression as she inhaled blood cues was indifferent, but her party noticed her.
‘Jenia too… …
I wondered if he had screamed like that.
“Neither can I.”
As if she hadn’t thought about that, Xenia stood up and said.
“I have no choice but to hold hands with humans.”
“Are you still thinking about it? Did you already decide to do it? Hunter interview is tomorrow.”
“There is a difference between being forced to do something and doing it voluntarily. Rihanna, are you sure you’re ready?”
Lian handed over the hood.
“I will wear this and go in. There will be no background checks, we just have to watch from the highest level.” It was the limit of Benoff’s authority, but since Lian was by his side, he had no choice but to believe.
Passett saw off.
“Have a safe trip. There’s no dispatch today, so you can eat something delicious when it’s over.”
“Do you think we are going to play?”
“Still, you two are alone. Have a good time.”
As if Xenia didn’t like Passett’s whisper, she turned around, putting off answering.
“Huh, anyway, it’s cute.”
On the way to the royal castle hunter interview, Lian asked Xenia wearing a hood.
” are you okay?”
“I think I can hold on. The sun is not strong today.”
Nevertheless, at the point where the attention of others disappeared, he took out the Blood Q and inhaled it.
“there is.”
I felt it from the moment I arrived at the royal castle.
“A vampire.”
“How many objects?”
Xenia rolled her eyes.
“Not that many. 3 to 4 people. But it’s all Almas. Are you okay? You wouldn’t be able to survive with a number like this.”
“Who says you can’t stand it?”
Although Lian did his best in all battles after entering Lodenin, he was still a human standard.
The essence is yaksha.
If the plan was to destroy the entire area, even the Al Mas class would be able to protect Xenia.
After a formal inspection by Venoff, the two men entered the Coliseum with their weapons in their possession.
The place where the guards were stationed was their seat, and the royal castle officials were sitting in the seats across from them.
“see?”
“Uh, two.”
Xenia inhaled the Blood Q again.
“Hey, young secretary. it’s a vampire And the old man sitting in the VIP seat. The author is also a vampire.”
I was naturally in the shade.
“His Highness is coming!”
Mayer, the King of Jive, stepped onto the podium.
Guard ‘Xinjiang’ took a position in the back with his legs together and his waist twisted 45 degrees.
‘All of them are strong.’ Mayer proclaimed.
“As the capital of the kingdom is infested with demons, it has come to the point of convening talented hunters from all over the country. I hope you will use your abilities to the fullest and contribute to the peace of Jive.”
The iron gate went up and 100 Hunters entered the center of the Colosseum.
Lian, who was watching their faces, heard heavy breathing and turned to Xenia.
“what’s the matter?”
The face hidden by the hood was engulfed in astonishment.
‘That guy.’
The person who caught her gaze was a priest with black hair that hung down to her shoulders with an impression resembling a falcon.
Two pieces of iron were rolled and hung over his shoulders, and a cross tattoo was tattooed under his chin.
“Nikee… …
Xenia’s teeth creaked.
He was the enemy who killed her parents and the one who drove her into the laboratory.

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 819 - The world they live in (3).txt
===============================
the world they live in (3)
Meanwhile, the head of the Barque family and their only daughter, Irene, were also present at the seats with the officials.
“Irene, stop going back. This is a heavy matter. It’s not something you see at your age.”
Irene was stubborn.
“I know everything I know now. And they are the escorts to protect me, so it’s natural for me to see them.”
The hunters gathered today will be classified differently according to their skills and placed in the right place.
However, everyone knew that there was a high probability that talented people would become personal bodyguards for high-ranking officials.
‘Didn’t you come? stupid… …
The person Irene was looking for was Lian.
‘It’s an opportunity to put a snow stamp on our family. I was going to give you a special appointment whenever I came.’
I had a lot of swelling for no reason.
“what?”
I looked around with regret and found a familiar face on the guard side.
‘ there is!’
Lian was watching the interview from the top of the Coliseum.
“Mister, no, brother!”
As Irene waved her arms over her head, Xenia, who was next to Lian, shouted.
“You son of a bitch!”
Without even time to stop, she spurred down the stairs and jumped into the Colosseum.
‘I will kill you!’
The corpses of his parents torn into dozens of pieces by Nike’s whip were vivid in his mind.
‘Because of you, because of you… … !’ She was also taken to an unknown laboratory where she was subjected to terrible experiments that she could not bear to speak of.
“Yaaaa!”
The moment Xenia swung her Dark Blade at Nike, half of her vision flew away.
“what… … !”
Lian shouted as she came down the stairs.
“Xenia! Back off!”
Perhaps he didn’t realize it, but his left eye was ruptured by Nike’s whip.
‘Great reaction speed. He’s a strong guy.’ It was even more frightening that it was a day dominated by the sun.
“Lian!”
Venoff blocked the way.
“Did you find the spy?”
Rian looked in Xenia’s direction, but it was already hidden by numerous hunters.
‘Shit!’
Turning around, he took Venoff and ran to the place where the officials were.
“Two vampires. An aide in the shade and an old man sitting in a VIP seat.”
“Shobel.”
If the chief of the Jive intelligence department was a vampire, he would have been in the palm of his hand no matter what strategy he devised.
“I will arrest you. You are looking for a colleague.”
It was so promised.
“It’s impossible to do it alone. They are also Almas.”
As Lian’s words were true, Venoff helplessly shut up.
“It’s a vampire! Kill!”
On the Colosseum side, the Hunters were lined up in a circle around Nike.
‘It’s an old game. Show off your skills here… …
You will receive the king’s approval.
‘Wrong, idiots.’ Xenia, who regained her sanity after being baptized by Nike, gritted her teeth.
Being obsessed with resonance meant that he was not qualified as a vampire fire hunter.
‘Nothing can comfort us.’
Those who had nothing but anger toward vampires were rather calmly distancing themselves.
“Is it Nike?”
An old man with a goatee approached Jenia, who was restoring her eyes with Blood Q.
“A priest who handles twin iron blades. They say he’s the strongest Al Mas, but even if we all attack him, we won’t have a chance.”
“so… … to run away?”
“A vampire killed my mother when I was seven.”
The age of the old man seemed to be over sixty years old.
“Even at a young age, I felt this way. It wouldn’t take more than 30 minutes to kill a person.”
The old man’s eyes looked back at Xenia and were bloody and bloodshot.
“There can be no place to escape, right?”
In this terrible hell of a heart.
“It’s boring.”
As Nike brandished two whips at the same time, the air cried and the bodies of the hunters were torn to pieces.
“Now!”
The hunters, who made the advance party a scapegoat, rushed at Nike with anger.
“no!”
Nike is strong.
“Hey, are you Silverborn?”
The old man next to Xenia took out a medication container and smiled faintly.
“Live. please.”
Although he throws himself into a rage, someone must live and finish off the vampires.
“Mamaaaaaaa!”
With a piercing scream, the old man rushed with his eyelids open as if his eyes would fall out.
“Do not wish for mercy without pain.”
Two whips 3.8 meters long moved as if they were alive and scratched the hunters.
“Ouch!”
As if dozens of sawings had been applied at once, bones were torn and flesh splattered in all directions.
“I can’t do this.”
Xenia’s shoulders trembled.
“Is there such a difference?”
Even in the situation where drugs, firearms, and metal weapons were all mobilized, it was not even able to hurt Nike.
‘Fighting in the sunlight… …
In fact, with the hood off, Xenia felt as if she was breathing in fire with every breath.
“Haaa.”
Hot steam spewed out of Nike’s mouth as he turned and swung his whip.
“Oh God.”
Whenever this hot energy permeates his lungs, he gets the illusion that he is alive.
“Do not forgive me.”
If you can, of course.
“Kill! Kill the vampire!”
Before I knew it, the ground was covered with hundreds of torn pieces of flesh.
“Your Highness, you’d better avoid the seat.”
King Mayer didn’t move a single step while the ‘Xinjiang’ of Jive’s guards were guarding him.
There were too many eyes to run away because of just one vampire.
Even the high-ranking officials who knew about it kept their positions, but their insides were burning.
‘Damn it. stop going in Can’t we just leave the hunters fighting?’
The one who moved first would be a coward, and the political opponents would use this as an excuse to attack after death.
The officials snorted inwardly, noticing that the king’s expression had gone pale.
‘Hmm, you still have kidneys.’
Even if it wasn’t as much as Fungjang, he thought that if it was the level of the seven kings’ guards, he wouldn’t die.
“Civilians are seriously injured. Send the 3rd Army to subdue it.”
Perhaps realizing the officials’ notice, Mayer pointed to the Colosseum and gave instructions.
“But, Your Highness, if we disperse our forces… …
“These are the ones who came to help the kingdom. Allowing them to be slaughtered like this is also dishonoring my name.”
The head of the Guard, who could not disobey the king’s order, looked back at the 3rd Army and gave instructions.
“Get the vampire.”
When 20 men in ironclad landed on the Colosseum at the same time, the ground thumped.
“preparation!”
Slightly twisting the waist with the legs together, the hand holding the handle of the sword.
“capture!”
While those who had mastered the Baldo technique analyzed the battlefield, the commander of the 3rd Army shouted.
“rush!”
Leaning forward at the same angle, they disappeared from their seats at some point.
“attack!”
When the 4-step chain that ends any enemy with a single blow was completed, 20 flashes of light hit Nike in a vertical net.
“Big!”
As the shape of the whip disappeared, a loud roar of static electricity took its place.
I believed
“Uh-oh… … !”
The eyes of the officials watching from the Colosseum widened, and even King Mayer croaked.
“Isn’t that not enough with the kidneys?”
The 20 guards, whose armor was torn like paper, fell to the ground, separated into flesh and blood.
“Haaaaa.”
The battle went into a lull for a while, and Nike raised his head and emitted white smoke.
If his hand moved even an centimeter, the tip of the whip flapped like an eel.
“majesty! Avoid!”
The captain of the guard felt ashamed, but the top priority was to ensure the safety of the king.
“Mmm.”
Mayer stood up from his seat, unable to win, and the officials also quietly noticed and headed toward the exit.
Benoff shouted.
“Don’t move! There are vampires!”
While everyone stopped moving, Shovel, the head of the intelligence department, jumped up and shouted.
“Stop!”
An aide who jumped out of the shadows blocked Venoff’s way, but Lian’s blow knocked his head off.
‘Certainly he can’t use his strength during the day.’ A vampire named Nike was abnormal.
“Wow!”
When I turned my head at Irene’s scream, the head of the Barque family was caught in Shobel’s hand.
“dad! Let Dad go!”
“shut up! like a human… … !”
Shovel, released by the black smoke, flew towards Irene while holding on to the casket.
“die.”
Right before the shock wave was taken, the large straight sword pierced Shaw Bell’s heart and pushed forward.
“Gagging!”
As the smoke gathered around the sword, Shovel returned to his human form.
“Huh!”
Rian, who ran to the place where the sun was beating down, drove the straight sword into the ground with Chauvel’s body twisted.
“Kuaaa!”
When exposed to sunlight in a situation where strong regeneration was impossible, the skin began to burn rapidly.
“Let go! let me go!”
I scratched it with steel-like nails, but <Idea> was not even scratched.
“brother! Come this way!”
As the officials’ attention focused on Lian, who had dealt with the two Almas in an instant, Irene quickly preempted the conversation.
Lian turned to the Colosseum.
“Xenia.”
I saw her fighting while inhaling blood cues among countless hunters shedding tears of blood.
Even with his right ankle broken, it was dangerous to run while stamping the ground with his bones.
“Take your daughter and escape.”
The family head of Bark shook his head.
“No, you go with us. protect my daughter If it’s a case, I’ll do anything.”
The person who took Lian was the one with power.
“Brother ｝, will you protect our family? Yes?”
Lian looked back at the officials who were each paying attention to her with eyes full of anticipation.
“From what?”
“yes?”
now I get it.
‘What it means to be strong.’ What is truly strong.
‘They’re fighting now.’ anger.
“There is only one thing I must protect.” Anger in my heart.
“I haven’t lost anyone yet… …
Because I wasn’t born as a god.
“He is always angry.”
Only that anger paralyzes fear and makes humans fight higher.
“Big!”
In Lian’s heart after biting his molars, the resentment grew without knowing the end, as if blood was gushing backwards.
‘Yes, this was it.’
The source of emotions that could have destroyed Ymir was what he had been searching for while crossing the desert.
‘It doesn’t matter what it is now.’ I was not afraid of anything.
“Come on, come on.”
A few strands of Lian’s hair stood up and the top exploded.
‘It’s not a human body.’
Lian’s muscles, which he thought were perfect, were twisted like a pretzel and interlocked in a strange shape.
“Haaaaaa… …
Lian, who had metamorphosed into the body of a yaksha, the incarnation of anger, crushed the ground and twisted his upper body.
‘The law of the right.’
The regime stretched out towards Nike.
Divine Transcendence – Shim Kwon Mach.
Shobel, who was stuck in <Idea>, felt the shaking of the law and screamed in agony.
“damage!”
What unfolded in front of Nike when he turned his head was… … .
‘What’s this?’
It was a scene in which the landscape of the world was crumpling toward a single point and being pushed forward.
‘It can be avoided… … Will there be?’
The law of authority came faster than the most pessimistic predictions, and exploded Nike’s torso in a circle.
“Kuaaa!”
Hundreds of bats spread out in all directions from the broken body.
bang! bang bang! bang! bang!
Mach’s energy exploded the walls of the Colosseum and created an intangible tunnel as it moved away.

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 820 - The world they live in (4).txt
===============================
the world they live in (4)
“… … Is it magic?”
As Mayer muttered with a blank expression, the guards commander shook his head slowly.
“It’s different, Your Highness. It borrows the power of the mind, but it is a power based on physical skills.”
It was called divine transcendence.
“flesh? How can a human being be capable of such destructive power? You have never shown it to me either.”
The answer was simple.
“Because I can’t either.” Mayer’s gaze turned to Lian.
‘I’ve heard that you’re the best among newcomers, but were your skills beyond your height?’
He was the talent the Jive Kingdom needed.
“I want to be alone. tell me.”
The captain of the guards looked perplexed.
‘If he was someone who could be obtained with money, fame, or power, he wouldn’t be here anymore.’
It was a swordsman that even the emperor of the empire did not have.
“Kurrrrr!” Hundreds of bats making animal noises regrouped and changed into the shape of Nike.
‘It was almost destroyed.’
If it wasn’t for the bat mimicry, the torso would have been scattered rather than pierced.
“This must be the luckiest thing in your life.”
Retracting the whip, Nike stepped back towards the wall, and Xenia took a step forward.
“Where are you going to run away!”
Hunters blocked her.
“calm down. If you leave like this, I will be grateful.”
“Move! That guy is my parents…
“know. But soon darkness comes. Didn’t you fight for a day or two too?”
I couldn’t refute Hunter’s words.
“damn!”
Even while the hunters were nervous, Nike’s eyes were only focused on Lian.
‘The Jinma deserves a special word.’
The order was to infiltrate the castle, kill the hunters, and assassinate King Mayer.
‘And if possible… … Orders to capture Mach’s knight alive.
‘If possible?’
Nike, whose face was contorted with anger that had nothing to do with it, pointed at Lian.
“We will meet again.”
As Nike disappeared, Lian pulled out a great straight sword from Chauvel’s body, which had already dried up and turned to ashes.
“With this, the inside spy has been eliminated. There will be no leaks of the operation in the future.”
After saying that, he turned around and Venoff hurriedly followed him.
“for a moment. Are you just going?”
“There is nothing good about staying here. From now on, I will act alone.”
The law wouldn’t admit it, but now that the yaksha’s ability has been confirmed, no one has been able to refute it.
“Wait a minute.”
The guards commander spoke so that everyone could hear.
“I would like to make a suggestion. How about carrying out an integrated operation between the Hunters and the Kingdom Security Forces in the future?”
Directly managed by the guards, it was a strategy to block officials’ access in advance.
“Operation Combined?”
The Hunters were agitated.
Of course, it is obvious that this is a strategy to capture Lian, but it becomes much easier if you receive the protection of the kingdom.
One of the Hunters shouted.
“If it’s an integrated operation, what kind of support can you provide?”
The captain of the guard, who had already obtained the king’s consent, continued as if there was nothing harsh about it.
“Anything that drives away vampires. We will also provide guns, ammunition, weapons, drugs, and operational troops.”
Xenia frowned.
“However, there are conditions.”
As she expected, the guards commander walked straight up to Lian and held out his hand.
“Knight of Maha. Assuming that you are with us in this operation, we promise all support.”
It was part of the acquisition phase.
“I hate complicated things. I’m thinking of chasing the vampire alone. It will help the kingdom.”
The captain of the guards couldn’t let Lian go.
“If that happens, support will be in vain. Do you know what vampire skills are? You mean it doesn’t matter if they die?”
“Dog death’?”
Lian laughed.
“Do you consider yourself cool?
peel?”
The guards commander did not answer.
“If you can stand it, you’re not really angry. Please don’t judge them by ordinary standards.”
Hunters’ eyes were full of strength.
Sensing their gaze, the guards commander realized his mistake, but he could not back down.
“You make the captain of the seven kings’ guards laugh too much. I can forcefully tie you down.”
“I’m stupid and don’t know how to go back.”
Rian said as he put the jigsaw in his back.
all.
“So we have no choice but to move forward.”
If he wanted to block the road, it meant that Kashan’s terminal line could cross the desert and lead to Jive.
“I was wrong.”
Hunters began to change their minds.
“We do not fight with weapons and numbers. Even when I had nothing, I fought them.”
“that’s right. You can’t work with people who put conditions on you. That’s not what I need.”
Hunters shouted in unison.
“I will follow you. guide us.”
With this, the decision was made, and Ri An lightly bowed and went down the stairs.
“I understand your meaning.”
King Mayer said.
“I made you an unreasonable offer. They do not officially approve of Hunter’s activities. So, this time, why don’t you put yourself in the Hunter’s shoes and support the castle?”
Even from Jive’s point of view, vampires were a tribe that had to be driven out as soon as possible.
“I heard that you need a special weapon to deal with vampires. make a deal. If you pass on the know-how, we will mass-produce it with the financial power of the royal family.”
This time, even Lian couldn’t find an excuse to refuse.
‘Xenia.’
The only thing blocking my thoughts was the promise I made with her before coming here.
Xenia, who met Lian’s eyes, pursed her lips.
“The team name will be Genocide.”
Lian smiled and turned to Benoff.
“First, I will take the hunters to the hideout. We will contact you through the chief of the peace department regarding the agenda that came out of the meeting.”
“okay. I’ll be waiting for you.”
At least, it was good that Venoff, who had a close relationship with Lian, was in charge of the royal castle.
The hunters who arrived at Genocide’s hideout were amazed by the cutting-edge technology.
“Hoo/? Did you modify it like this?”
said Fowler, loading the heavy gun with two barrels on the left and right.
“Mega Gun Z-88. gas-filled. Ergonomic design. There is nothing better than getting an erection on vampire flesh.” Since there was no need to worry about supplies anymore, Fowler set up the target himself and showed the line.
“I’m going to beat you up!”
Although the accuracy is low due to the large vibration, the speed of shooting twelve silver bullets per second was powerful.
“Okay, and this is the Santa Clause… … By the time I excitedly introduced the firepower, other hunters were also listening to explanations of their majors.
A hunter who confirmed the anti-cell of the drug machine said that it was a technology ahead of 10 years.
There were only 3 hunters who dealt with metal tools.
Xenia said.
“You can get Obscura B from the capital, but you don’t need to change your weapon.”
For those who handle metal tools, the user’s own physical ability was more important than the weapon.
“I have no intention of changing the weapon I am accustomed to. It’s enough to make a spare in case of damage. Rather, let’s focus on setting up a strategy.”
Regardless of the country, most of the leaders of the Hunter organization were majors in metal work.
said the ax wielder.
“I don’t understand. That you couldn’t track Lord’s location even though the Silver Bone was there.”
“I don’t know. I searched all over the city of Lodenin, but I couldn’t find the wavelength that I felt as a rod.”
The window handler said.
“Did you say a radius of 2 kilometers? If so, there is only one answer. Hiding outside the radius.”
Ryan asked.
“Is that possible?”
“underground. Even Xenia would be unable to search if it were two kilometers deep underground.”
“aha.”
“So far, relying only on Silver Bone’s ability has been a blind spot. So… … There is a method I usually use.”
When Xenia turned around, the person who handled the spear said with a tear in his mouth as if he was having fun.
“Mongrel hunting.”
Even after midnight, the sounds of loud musical instruments were leaking from inside the clubhouse.
Genocide 1, 8 hunters including Rian and Xenia arrived in front of him.
‘Club House, Blood Night.’ Just by looking at the name, it was safe to say that it was a vampire’s den, but places like this were common in Lodenin.
“You mean there are hybrids here?”
“The fact that there are pure blood means that there are hybrids. After several days of research, this place is the most likely.”
said Cartain, checking the syringe.
“It is definitely a weak point. Even the Silver Bone can’t capture the position of the half horse. But is there a connection with pure blood?”
“There must be something going on in the city. If it has anything to do with Lord, it’s too much to do with only purebloods.”
The person handling the spear was confident.
“Hybrids, unlike purebloods, have the ability to reproduce. So playing is also decadent. You better be prepared.”
If you listen closely, you can hear the moaning of many people mixed with the sound of the music.
“Since they do not die and can reproduce, there is no such thing as taboo. Hybrids are some kind of venereal disease.”
Fowler scolded.
“Like, keep mongrel, mongrel.”
The reason why Genocide uses the title of half-horse is that Xenia is not pure blood either.
“Oh, sorry. i made a mistake……
The person handling the spear hastily apologized, but Xenia shook her head and walked towards the clubhouse.
“doesn’t care.”
Even if you are a mongrel.
“Because hating myself was my only consolation when I didn’t have the strength to kill a vampire.”
That’s what true anger is.
“Right. I will do it differently in the future though.”
Feeling solemn at Xenia’s words, the Hunters glared at the door, cracking down on their weapons.
“Shall we begin?”
When Lian opened the door, the thumping drum sound came out as if escaping.
Arriving at the vampire’s lair, Nike entered the main office under the gaze of Almas.
“Did you call, great gin horse.”
Faust, the yaksha of the Hundred Ghosts, ranked third in the Order of the Ten Commandments, was reading a book while walking around the wide hall.
“Have you recovered?”
Nike lowered his head as if to apologize.
“Enough to kill someone.”
“okay? Even if it’s a knight of Macha?” Life soared in Nike’s eyes.
He was hit hard by the law of the right and barely recovered his strength after 4 days.
“The darkness you gave me has no enemies.”
“You will have to prepare for extinction.”
As the energy of the jinma came out, countless Almas hanging upside down from the ceiling trembled.
“Sooner or later, the three Lords will gather together. Then the world is ours. but… …
the only obstacle.
“Assuming that there is no bloodline in Ogent,
stand.”
“I don’t understand, my lord. No matter how strong he is, he is nothing compared to the current Lord.”
Of course, including himself in the dark.
“Don’t judge people. When you are weak, you look infinitely weak, but when you are strong, you know no limits and become strong.”
“I’m sorry, but I’ve yet to see a human who transcends the power of a vampire.”
“I am.”
10,000 years ago in the past.
“Before I realized the incarnation… … The time when a bat hanging upside down in a heavenly cave was indifferently appreciating the world of light.
“One human fought the king of giants.”

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 821 - Smille, Smille(1).txt
===============================
Smille, Smille(1)
Club House, Blood Night.
As I sprinted through the door, I could smell the heat of orgies and bai ting.
Most seemed bisexual.
“It is terrible.”
Inside the cages, men with bald heads and makeup were putting on a show wearing clothes made of leather straps.
Hunters paid attention to the red-colored alcohol on the table of the guests.
“Blood.”
Ryan asked.
“How can you be sure?”
Xenia swallowed her saliva instead of answering.
“… … Right.”
“Welcome, Hunters.”
The club’s host, Eblon, greeted them at the bar.
He was black, had half of his head shaved, and had two piercings on his lower lip.
Catene approached.
“You seem to have lost your mind. You know who we are and yet we are holding a festival like this?”
“What’s wrong with you? selling blood? Or are we drinking blood?”
“Of course you are.”
Fowler, with his Mega Gun loaded, thrust two barrels into her face.
“Ask one of them. I’ll give you a cool grind.”
“now! Don’t get excited.”
Eblon turned around with the gun in front of him, prepared a c*cktail and placed it in front of Fowler.
“We are just bastards and bastards who get hit by purebloods. To be honest, mongrels have a hard time getting blood. If you kill one wrong person, you will be a fugitive for the rest of your life.”
Ryan asked.
“Then where do you get your blood?”
“Of course, I live with money. If you go to the ghetto, you can get it for 10 silver per liter. It may be bad food for a pureblood.”
“I am looking for a hideout for purebloods. If you provide the information, I’ll step back gracefully.”
“I heard rumors, Nike came to this city.”
Fowler aimed the Mega Gun again.
“Shut up and answer any questions I ask! If you don’t want them to know that we’re scarier than that bastard.”
Feeling sincere, Eblon raised his hands.
“calm down. What I mean is that we risk our lives too. Hunters, you know better that if you get caught by Nike, you won’t die, right?”
“Are you going to make a deal?”
“No, it’s kind of a game.”
Eblon lowered his hand.
“We don’t even know where the Pureblood hideout is. The hierarchical system of information, you know? But I can make contact with Umbrella Man.”
“The Umbrella Man?”
“He’s a pure-blooded man who takes care of miscellaneous jobs. I call it that because I always carry an umbrella.”
“How can I meet him?”
“It is you.”
Eblon pointed at Lian.
“The corpse of the knight of Mach.”
Fowler’s Megagun spewed fire, and Eblon, hit by a silver bullet, flew to the ledge.
A bottle of wine spilled over and over, and she screamed in agony, exposing her fangs.
“Keeeh!”
“Where is the repair work?”
Only then did the half horses in the club stop playing and turn towards the Genocide team.
“Ouch! Whoops!”
It didn’t have the dignity of pure blood, but the black pupils and bloody fangs were definitely demons.
“stop.”
Eblon said, clutching at the wound.
“We cannot win.”
Even though it was daytime, he was the culprit of the incident that made Nike run away with a single blow.
Fowler climbed onto the ledge and aimed the Mega Gun.
“Tell me straight. Umbrella Man, where are you?”
I didn’t think I could easily get the truth from them, so I left the party alone.
“I don’t know either. I’ve only heard rumors that you’re looking for Macha’s knights. If you want to get what you want… …
Landing on both legs with a thump, Fowler swung the butt and turned Eblon’s jaw.
The blood was spattered in a straight line on the low shelf.
“I ask you one last time. Where are you?”
“Kick! Kick kick kick!”
Eblon shook his shoulders.
“You can’t take out your anger on me after being dumped by a woman.”
“What is it?”
Ever since Xenia became conscious of Lian, Fowler has definitely had a hangover.
“Don’t make excuses, just hit it. It’s a good target for resentment, isn’t it? After all, humans are no different from us.”
Katein opened the medicine cabinet.
“Right, nothing different.”
Eblon’s face turned pale as the specially formulated drug rose through the syringe.
Drugs were scary.
“Did you guys really think we were sane people? The reason I fight is not for the sake of humans, nor because I am a human. I just hate you guys.”
“you you… …
“Xenia, I’m out.”
It must have been a horrific task that reminded her of the experiment she had been subjected to, so Cartein was considerate.
“No, I will.”
However, Xenia held out her hand instead.
“Are you okay?”
Eblon coughed up blood and shouted.
“Bad bitch! You are a mongrel too! Are you trying to torture your own people by siding with the humans?”
“If what you know was in my head… …
Xenia picked up the syringe.
“It must have stabbed me.”
Feeling appalled, Eblon held out his hand.
“okay. I’ll tell you. I’ll tell you everything I know… …
“no.”
A syringe was lodged in the collarbone.
“I hate it.”
At the same time as the drug permeated, Eblon’s eyes widened as if they were about to pop out.
“Kiaaaaa!”
Screams made of 100% pure pain embroidered the clubhouse.
Thirty minutes, which seemed like an eternity, had passed.
As Eblon, who had been crawling everywhere, spread out, the half-horses looked frightened.
“Haha. Mandible.”
“how is it? Isn’t it thrilling?”
Katane pulled out a new syringe.
“Certainly, vampires are comfortable. You don’t have to worry about dying. This medicine is my specialty… …
“Please, stop now.”
Xenia stepped out.
“Where is the Pureblood Hideout?”
“I really don’t know. I’ve only heard that it’s the mansion of a certain rich man. If I had known, I would have said this the moment I got hit.”
It was clearly unbearable pain.
“Who is Umbrella Man?”
“I feel like I am in the Royal Cemetery. An order has been given to the city’s vampires. If you find Macha’s article, send me a letter.”
“So, did you send it?”
Eblon’s lips trembled, and it was as if he had heard the answer.
“Damn it!”
Fowler shouted, kicking Eblon in the face.
“Retreat quickly! Pure blood is coming!” Suddenly, the front door exploded and a man in a fedora came inside, dragging a whip.
“Nike??????
To the half-horse, he was more feared than a god.
“Rian.”
The person Nike called was Lian, but Eblon, who was frightened, lowered his head.
“I held out! Please have mercy… … !” Before she could finish her words, a whip flew and blew the top of her face.
“Kiaaaaa!”
Amidst the frightened half-horses rampaging, Lian grabbed the big sword and moved on.
“I will take over. Go to the cemetery.”
“but… …
“hurry!”
No matter who was there, only corpses increased.
“I will repay the shame of that time.”
As Nike swung his whip, his eyes radiating light, the flesh of the half-horses flew into the air.
If it was their sin, it was that they simply interfered with the trajectory of the whip that was aimed at Lian.
“Yaaaa!”
As the power of divine transcendence split space, Nike’s body rotated rapidly.
‘Did you avoid it?’
Nike’s body was almost like a black whirlpool.
“It is the same for me to twist the law.”
The whip was wrapped around the large straight sword, then unwound with terrifying speed, scratching the surface.
“Big!”
It could be said to be Nike’s unique ‘sword blade’, but <idea> is not broken.
‘That’s strange.’
Lian’s wrists holding the handle twisted in the same direction, but Nike’s expression was not good.
‘Does it never break?’
Just because it was thought to be much harder than steel, the current result was shocking.
Lian, who was holding the sword with his wrist turned, quickly regenerated his body and returned to his posture.
‘strong.’
said Nike.
“You look surprised.”
In a quiet club where all but the dead escaped out the back door, Nike let down his whip.
“Of course you will. Because my physical ability is 28 times that of an ordinary Almas.”
A pure-blooded Laika, who was Radum’s sub-species minister, could be said to be ordinary.
’28 times… …
It had a completely different meaning from having 28 Almas, and it was a position far beyond the specific point of a creature.
“Looks like you’re using incarnation.”
Nike still couldn’t forget Lian’s blow at the Colosseum.
“How far have you been?”
It was an unexpected question for an outsider, but Lian could understand Nike’s words.
“you?”
“I don’t know.”
Because no one has reached the final destination.
“Those who die here will know.”
It was the way of the sword to know the point at the moment of death after fighting endlessly.
Nike was talkative in anger, but his eyes calmed down before he knew it.
‘It’s real from now on.’
A world of swords that needs no words.
As Nike’s hands moved quickly and the whip disappeared, the outer wall of the clubhouse splintered.
A building was completely blown away, but Lian did not waver and drew out his inner rage.
‘Yasha!’
As the muscles throughout my body twisted, I felt explosive energy that seemed like I could do anything.
“Big!”
“come.”
In the middle of the city, those who claim to be the pinnacle of life collided head-on.
Xenia turned her head away startled.
“Rian… …
At the place where they left, there was a terrifying roar and a cloud of dust rose.
Fowler put Xenia on the shoulder.
“don’t worry. In terms of skill alone, it’s a monster. Nothing changes when we look back.”
Upon arriving at the Royal Cemetery, pure-blooded vampires were already waiting.
“It’s the Besica class.”
The hunters also raised tension by touching their weapons with a distinctly different energy from the hybrids.
There was no conversation between them, and the Vampires first released into smoke and surrounded them.
“Goes!”
Beginning with Fowler’s Mega Gun throwing sparks, Hunters began to fire in all directions.
Scattered.
Cut the heart first.
“Yaaaa!”
The sword should have cut through Nike.
Whoops!
The law of the sword was activated in the direction the sword struck the ground, knocking down buildings.
“Keugh!”
However, Nike avoided this time as well, and Shimta undoubtedly shocked Lian’s heart.
“Is it a skill of the mind?”
As Nike spun upside down on Lian’s head, the whips gathered.
“how is it? Isn’t life easy?” Inevitably, her whip whipped around and ripped through Lian’s flesh.
“Aaaaaaa!”
Lian, whose flesh had lost more than 40% of his body, knelt down, exposing his skeleton.
“Would you like to know how far we’ve been?” Nike landed lightly and whipped her whip.
“You are there.”
“Turn it off… …
It was the first time he had experienced Simta so often since fighting Ymir’s molars.
– Smille, Smille.
Without a doubt, hallucinations were heard and the flesh began to regenerate in the area where it had been cut off.
“You look like a vampire.”
Nike looked down at it.
“Isn’t it the body of a creature deprived of mercy that cannot die even at the moment it wants to die?”
– Smille, Smille.
‘yet… … I can still fight.’ As Lian gritted his teeth and stared straight ahead, the regeneration of his body suddenly stopped.
‘what?’
The moment I thought, maybe this is really the end, I heard an auditory voice.
– Smille. If the heart is cut first, it does not necessarily mean that it is cut.
It wasn’t a voice for Lian.
– The word “must” in this world is useless. Because while I’m moving, other things are moving too.
For the first time a woman’s voice interrupted.
– Then what is the absolute? Oppa always wants the absolute.
-My heart. belief. The heart that was cut first turns into the belief that it will surely be cut… … .
Lian’s eyes widened.
-The moment that belief becomes absolute, the movement of my sword matches the movement of the world.
become separate
the hallucination said.
-That’s me, Ogent.

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 822 - Smille, Smille(2).txt
===============================
Smille, Smille (2)
Royal Cemetery.
Numerous screams were being born in the haven of those who kept their mouths shut.
Lights were turned on one by one in the house, but no one was able to come out.
“rush! rush!”
Xenia urged her to move on.
‘It’s not far away.’
A wave so intense that all of his hair stood on end was attracting Silver Bone’s instincts.
“Aww! You motherF*ckers!”
Every time Fowler swung the Mega Gun in all directions, he stood up from the smoke that clumped like a cloud! A popping sound was heard.
“die! human!”
Although Bessika, the lowest rank among purebloods, had a different level of strength than hybrids.
“Power Pack!”
When the efficacy of the medicine decreased, Catein prepared an instant medicine and put it on the necks of the hunters.
My head was spinning, and after a while I felt that the world had slowed down more than before.
“Goes!”
With the pain reduced by half, the hunters equipped with metal tools swung their weapons and opened the way.
After a bloody bloody battle, when we arrived at the tomb where the great men were buried, we saw the blood-sucked corpses of the guards.
‘suction.’
Just sucking blood doesn’t turn into snake fire.
“We need more blood.”
An old man with an umbrella stood on the tombstone.
“You guys should be enough.”
“I know you will be safe even if you do this.
ah? You killed the custodians of the Royal Cemetery.”
No matter how strong the vampires are, humans are a race that rules the world by borrowing the power of the sun.
Xenia was rather uneasy because there had never been anything so far-fetched.
“Do you know the misery of the people who lost their king?”
“What are you talking about?”
“Today will be the end of the humiliation of the world being stolen by you weaklings hiding in the dark.”
All of Xenia’s hair stood on end.
‘What, what?’
Tremendous speculation was emanating from one of the tombstones behind Umbrella Man.
” road??????
The corpses whose blood had been sucked out, the blood bank, finally came into contact.
Umbrella Man raised the corner of his mouth.
“Today our King is resurrected.”
“Run away!”
Seeing the tomb shake, Xenia shouted, but it was already too late.
“Aaaaaaa!” As Fowler fires the Mega Gun, Umbrella Man soars rapidly into the sky.
“I-what is that?”
Black smoke billowed from the cracks in the tomb to a height of several tens of meters, as if gas was erupting.
“Two minutes with this.”
It was the point at which two of the three Lords were resurrected.
“Knock-knock! Knock-knock!”
The sound of a woman’s laughter that would tear your eardrums just from hearing it echoed, and then smoke gathered.
As the meteor fell to the ground, the ground shook like waves, and finally a beautiful woman’s naked body settled there. Umbrella Man landed beside her and brought her to her knees.
“Meet the ruler of blood, Agnes.”
Hibernation, the ability to shake off moisture from the body and stop physical activity, is an ability only available to Rod.
And in order to wake up from the hibernation, the blood of 300 people was needed.
“It’s a load… …
It was a powerful aura that no other creature could feel, not even from Nike or Lian.
It’s just such a law.
The identity of the Lord inherited from Jinma has been located at the top of the biological pyramid since birth.
“Damn it… …
Threads popped in Fowler’s eyes, and tendons came up in Katane’s temples.
It was like a rabbit facing a lion, but the rabbit had lost its fear in anger.
“I will kill you!”
Their hearts, which could not be comforted by anything, finally found a breakthrough.
Glaring at the hunters charging from the front, Agnes stuck out a white finger.
“Blood Control.”
As she awoke from hibernation, all the blood that was left of her rose to her feet and formed a huge orb above her head.
The blood cooled by the pressure turned into a sword and held it in her hand.
“It’s been 2,000 years.”
Her body, which protruded toward the hunters, passed them and landed in the distance.
“Gagging!”
The bloody sword evaporated at terrifying speed, leaving scars on the Hunters’ bodies.
“Blood Control.”
As she crossed her hands to activate her powers, blood gushed out of their bodies like a fountain.
“hurry! sooner!”
Hearing the sound of a series of explosions in the city center, Venoff led the vampire special task force and ran the wagon.
“Damn it… …
When I arrived, all the buildings collapsed as if a typhoon had passed.
Wow!
Venoff turned his head at the explosion from afar.
“I-that… …
Two long shadows were colliding with each other freely in the air and on the ground.
“Big!”
Lian’s body, which penetrated Nike’s whip, was in a tattered state like a rag.
Lian swung his mind sword in the midst of a high-speed battle where he couldn’t even pay attention to cover.
‘Be sure to cut!’
The moment the sword was struck with the limit of faith, Nike’s shoulder was sharply cut.
‘Incarnation doesn’t work.’
As long as <Idea> cannot be destroyed, the body of a half-married half-married person is nothing more than material.
‘But he doesn’t die.’
Nike, who instantly restored his body with powerful regeneration, collided head-on with Lian.
“Kiaaaaa!”
Slashed, torn, standing at the point where flesh soars into the sky and blood pours down like rain.
‘How far can I go?’
Lian suddenly wondered how far a living thing could be destroyed.
At that moment, the body was torn to pieces.
“Yaaah!”
divine transcendence.
Even at that moment, <Idea> moved and Nike’s body also disintegrated into dozens of pieces.
As soon as I got to this point.
Benoff heard an auditory hallucination.
The two afterimages, which could have been seen from watching the game hundreds of meters away, exploded like fireworks at the same time as the collision.
“Damn, boss. that… …
How can a person explode like that?
“What are you doing! Get off quickly!”
Even Venoff was in awe, but he needed someone to vent his feelings on.
“Rian… …
Maybe it’s Ryan.
“Huh.”
The bodies of Lian and Nike, which had been disassembled into pieces, were randomly tangled in one place.
With the bridge of the nose amputated, Lian turned her gaze to Nike.
In the sky, <Idea> who had lost his sword dance was still dancing.
Nike, who was left with only his neck, raised his pupils upwards in the direction of looking at the sky.
“You won.” It was a long time ago that Nike, a creature of God and a heretic hunter, questioned the nature of creatures.
“You went farther.”
Nike’s body condensed into black smoke, and a bat struggled to move.
“you… …
Lian’s severed hand caught Nike’s face.
Even under the pressure that pricked his eyes, Nike delivered his words with a fishy smile.
“From the moment we forsake God, we have no mercy.”
It was all about endless pain.
“Only those who reach the end can kill a god
there is.” – Smille, Smille.
Amidst another infernal hallucination, the bat plunged its fangs into Lian’s neck.
“Big!”
As the prion permeated through the injection, Lian’s half-recovered body wriggled like crazy.
“… … go ahead.”
As the bat dissipated, Nike’s body turned to black ash and spread across the floor.
“Rian! Ryan!”
Benoff arrived at the scene of the incident.
I stopped walking 10 meters ahead.
“Lee, Lian?”
Rian, who stooped to his feet, turned his face while regenerating his last remaining right hand.
It was like a beast with a face that only had a sick face and a lot of teeth biting.
“Wake!”
“Big!”
As the inexplicable pain consumed his body, Nike’s memories flooded in.
“damn! Wait everyone!”
Thinking that he could become a vampire as it is, Venoff pulled out his longsword and watched the situation.
-me. I am beyond the body.
Smille’s hallucinations were heard.
-How far can you go?
“Huhhh…
Between Lian’s teeth, steam from burning cells leaked out for a long time.
-to the end. Only when I destroyed the tiniest piece of me… … . burn, regenerate, burn again.
In the process of driving out Nike’s prions, Lian exceeded the limit at which living things could collapse.
-That’s the real me. ogent.
“Aaaaaaa!”
When Lian spread his upper body wide and let out a roar, powerful wind pressure blew the soldiers away.
“damn! What is it!” Divine Transcendence-idea.
-Smiele eh eh eh!
As the cells of his whole body twisted into the shape of a yaksha, information from the distant past rushed into Lian’s head.
“Smille.”
As the information mixed with Nike’s remaining memories, Lian’s head jerked.
“We have to save Smille.”
The moment he kicked off the ground and rushed, numerous buildings in front of him collapsed.
“What the hell is this?”
Venoff, who had been blown away by the wind, stroked his head and looked around where Lian had disappeared.
The mansion of rich man Miguel.
Miguel, one of the most successful aristocrats in Lodenin, was a vampire of the Besica class.
“Are you here, Lord?”
Agnes arrived at the mansion accompanied by Umbrella Man and dropped the pale hunters to the ground.
“What about the resurrection of Kanoa?”
“The blood is about two-thirds filled, but it is still not enough. You will wake up from hibernation around midnight tomorrow.”
“You, you child… …
Xenia, the only one who was conscious, raised her head, but it was difficult to control herself due to the lack of blood.
Agnes glared at him coldly, then turned to the basement and gave instructions.
“Bring it. He needs the Silver Bone.”
Vampires of the Besica class picked up the Hunters one by one and boarded the elevator.
A huge hideout of vampires was built at a whopping 3 kilometers underground.
“You’re awake, Agnes.”
Another Lord Benedict greeted her.
“What about Jinma?”
It was extremely unpleasant to be interrupted in hibernation, but it was a different story if the person giving the order was Jinma.
“He is waiting for you.”
In the deepest part, Faust, a real horse, was waiting at the place where 8 huge glass spheres were installed.
Anyone who has been to heaven would intuit the alcohol of the anecdote, but Xenia was simply terrible.
“Kill! I mean kill!”
I’d rather die than be a log in the lab.
“calm down. Because you are not the protagonist of this experiment.”
While Besica put the hunters into the glass sphere one by one, several people woke up.
“damn! what’s this!”
Ignoring them, Faust asked Umbrella Man.
“How did it go?”
“Nike is gone. It won’t kill it, but the injection will definitely do it.”
Xenia asked.
“What are you planning to do with us?”
“Nothing. You guys are just manure. filter to reach the end of the creature.”
“The end of life?”
Faust’s gaze toward the ceiling reached the past through 10,000 years of time.
“There was a human named Ogent.”
“Smille… … Smille… …
Rian rushed toward Miguel’s mansion, destroying everything in his way.
My eyes were looking at the scenery, but my brain was playing with countless scenes that I couldn’t analyze.
As if coming out of a tunnel, all the scenes were pushed out of the field of view and I saw the scenery of heaven.
Guided by memories, they cross the sea and pass through the forest to arrive at an ancient village.
The man with long black hair turned around with a beautiful smile.
“Smille.”

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 823 - Smille, Smille(3).txt
===============================
Smille, Smille (3)
Omega Year 938.
It’s been 1,500 years since Ankera dismantled the Ultima System with an anecdote.
Still in Heaven, a small group of Gaians, led by Mackline Guffin, were fighting.
Numerous giants advanced to other planets and gave birth to a new human race there.
Some of them returned and became outcasts, and the river clan to which Ogent belonged was one of them.
“brother.”
A woman with blue hair that was as clear as water, growing to her waist, as befits the Gang clan, approached Ogent.
“Are you alone today?”
“Smille.”
Ogent never showed his emotions to anyone in his family, but he sometimes smiled shyly in front of his younger sister.
“Because I only practiced swordsmanship, I had no friends until I was 22. A person becomes a single-minded person if there is no social activity.”
“Because I am comfortable being alone.”
Ogent doesn’t know exactly how old he is.
Of course, he must have been an outcast, but the first memory of his life was wandering around in the mountains like a wild dog.
It was Smille’s father, Damian, who took pity on young Ogent and adopted him.
“go back. If your father knows you’re here… …
Smille pushed Augent’s chest.
“now! Let’s talk about the troublesome things later, and go with me to the river in Marang. After a while, go swimming and grab something to eat.”
If Damian found out, the atmosphere would be upset again, but there was no one in the family who would break Smille’s stubbornness.
“You have to come back before sunset.”
“Because I know.”
The river of Marang, which arrived over a small ridge, was wide enough to resemble the sea.
‘ beautiful.’
Ogent liked to see the river.
“now! Shall we show off our skills for a while? My dad doesn’t let me swim these days.”
He didn’t like the way his daughter, who had been married, wandered around the river.
“That’s right, you’re an adult now… … Ugh!”
Ogent’s gaze lost its way and shook as he threw off his upper clothes.
“What are you doing?”
“Why is this? Everyone catches it like this.”
Of course, Kang’s clan were good swimmers, and it’s not the first time you’ve seen them fishing in this outfit.
The problem was that she was Smille, but rather she did not understand such an Ogent.
“Even if they are siblings, they are now old enough to be careful. father is worried
I can see why.”
“haha! My brother is too. When we were young, we used to take a bath together. How is this? If you look closely, there is a corner where you obsess in a very strange way. That’s why people say it’s sneaky.”
“Sneaky?”
To Kang’s clan, Ogent was a timid, non-emotional, and eccentric who only practiced the sword.
‘Maybe it is.’
It was too difficult for him to show his feelings to others.
“So you meet girls and make friends. Since I only practice swordsmanship every day, I am ashamed to see my sister’s body.” Smille brought her arms together and lifted her chest.
“Well, though my body is nice.” Then he laughed and laughed.
“Don’t make terrible jokes.”
Augent was sad.
‘It’s like they’re really becoming siblings.’
Smille, who had a bold personality, would not have noticed the subtle changes in Ogent’s mind.
Perhaps because he was Ogent, who is at the peak of timidity, he thoroughly concealed his emotions.
‘I am a coward.’
A coward in the world who can neither approach her nor leave her fiercely.
“Anyway, brother, prepare and come in. I go first!”
Smille took a deep breath and entered the river with a graceful motion like a fish from a low cliff.
‘I hate getting wet.’
Augent sat down.
I could see Smille vigorously pulsating in the river where the sunlight was reflected.
It was nice just to see the river.
Smille, who enjoyed swimming for about 30 minutes, dived in earnest and hunted fish.
Even if there is no talent in swordsmanship, there is no one who can follow in spirit, so he did not come out of the water until he caught one.
“Smiele, let’s go back now.”
“Just one more!”
At that time when I shouted like that and dived again, the current of the river began to change rapidly.
“what?”
It was a change that could not be discovered unless it was an ultra-sensitive Ogent.
After a while, fins came up over the current.
‘A primate?’
As an alien species, in the ecosystem of heaven
It was a huge fish weighing over 10 tons that could not come out.
“Smille! come out!”
However, Smille was already deep in the water.
“damn!”
It was only when Ogent grabbed his sword and spurred off the cliff that he realized Smille in the water.
Schools of fish, pursued by the primate, were approaching her.
‘We have to go up!’
The moment she rose to the surface with all her might, what she saw was the mouth of a huge fish.
“Smille!”
Just before passing into the belly of the fish, the head that had been severed from the gills rose upward.
“brother!”
Holding Smille’s hand, Ogent flew up into the sky using external gravity.
Dozens of fish jumped up, casting shadows over their faces.
“Hold tight!”
As external gravity radiated in all directions, Ogent’s body began to vibrate violently.
At the same time as the chiefs attacked him, his sword swung like a gale.
” wow??????
Looking at the fresh flesh falling into pieces, Smille gulped down her saliva.
‘looks delicious.’
On the other hand, Ogent ran through the air with all his might and finally arrived at the cliff.
“ha. ha.”
Smille gave a thumbs up.
“Brother, the best!”
“you idiot! Did you come to the river without knowing that it was the spawning season for primates? Where the hell have you left your mind?”
“Even you didn’t know.”
“Why should I know that? uh
After all, I… …
Kang is not a clan.
But if I say those words, I feel like I’m really nothing… … .
“Brother, I am hungry. Let’s go get something to eat.”
Auguste had no choice but to keep her mouth shut.
“Haa, anyway, the food is good.”
A small bonfire was lit and the trimmed fish was placed on a branch and grilled until golden brown.
“delicious.”
“It’s late anyway, eat slowly. Chehala.”
Sumiele nodded, but her eating speed did not slow down in the slightest.
“By the way, brother, there was that earlier. just flying through the sky Is that swordsmanship too?”
“It’s a technique that takes the inertia out of the body. Quite difficult. But why?”
“Can I teach you that too?” Augent burst into laughter.
“you? Even if you haven’t mastered basic taijutsu, you can do quite a bit.”
Kang’s clan also had many capable warriors, but for some reason, Smille didn’t have that much talent.
“no. I will work really hard. huh? teach me.”
“It awakens all the senses of the body.” Augent spread his palms.
“Anyone can open and close a fist. But you have to go deeper to master your body.”
“how?”
“It moves extremely slowly. Watch while you eat.”
While Smille mumbled, Ogent’s eyes calmed down.
At first, I didn’t understand what he meant, but after about 10 minutes, I finally felt it.
“aha?”
August’s five fingers were weakly bent.
“got it? slow. slower. One time to clench a fist is segmented for 10 hours.”
“I want to try it too.”
Smille spread her palms.
“Uhm??????
Oh Gent, who was observing his younger brother closely, added.
“If you stop, it’s over. It never stops, only keeps moving slowly.”
“okay. Say it slow.”
Smille’s expression was quite serious.
“ah! can’t do it! stopped again This is surprisingly difficult. Where did you learn these things, brother?”
“I never learned. It’s a method I developed after thinking on my own. It breaks down the senses of the body into the smallest units.”
Augent has no teacher.
“If I had to pick a teacher… …
Smille blinked and waited for an answer, but Augent prepared to leave.
“late. Let’s go back.”
The sun was already setting, so Smille was also tidying up without a murmur.
“Smille.”
In front of the trail leading into the village stood an old man with light blue hair in a ponytail, holding a cane.
“dad.”
Damian, the chief of the Kang clan, watched intently as Ogent and Smille walked side by side.
“sorry.”
As Ogent lowered his head, avoiding his gaze, Damian let out a sigh.
‘Ha, that’s really troublesome.’
never expressed
Even if he wasn’t his biological son, Ogent was also his son, and above all, he was the best warrior in the Kang clan.
No, should I say warrior?
Compared to Kang’s clan, who used ruthless swordsmanship, Ogent’s movements were so delicate and precise.
‘Even though they are of different blood, they grew up together. How can they grow up differently?’
Ogent’s talent for the sword, which no one in his family could match, also played a part in making him a loner.
“Let’s go back home.”
Seeing his father turn around without saying anything, August’s heart felt heavier.
Dinner time is a harmonious place for Kang’s family, who have good appetites, but the atmosphere was heavy today.
“Ogent, the pre-wedding ceremony is tomorrow. The people of the mountain clan will come. Of course, Smille’s fiancé.”
“I know.”
Before the ceremony, it was customary for the bride’s side to invite the groom’s family to a seven-day banquet.
“What kind of person is this, my fiancé? Even if you’re not handsome, I want you to be a strong person. like my brother.”
“Smille.”
Ogent warned, but Damian’s heart was already disturbed.
“Ogent, what are you planning to do next? The river clan has been protecting the river for generations. Under the command of the strongest warrior.”
Although Ogent is the strongest, there were not many people who would support him because of his individualism.
“I will leave.”
Even Damian was surprised this time.
“Are you leaving?”
‘There’s no reason to stay here anymore.’
It was common for a chief’s daughter to marry into another tribe, but somehow it was quick.
‘It must be because of me.’
“I’m not talking about leaving. You are a mighty warrior and you are my son. But to protect the river… …
“For generations, the Kang clan has been in charge. I don’t deserve it. I have something in mind.”
“What if you think?”
“I want to improve my skills by going to various places.”
“Are you going to become a borderline?”
With Ogent’s skills, he could survive in purgatory, but as a father, his heart ached.
‘at last… … Am I going to run away again?’
was such a child.
Even if there was something I wanted, I couldn’t say a word, and even if there was something I was angry about, I just let it go by myself.
The eldest son was reliable, but now he knew how he felt about Smille.
‘Well, this might be the way it is.’ If they hadn’t adopted them from the beginning, the two would never have known each other.
“brother! Are you leaving suddenly? You’ve never said anything like that to me before, have you?”
“sorry.”
Smille raised her voice.
“I’m sorry, is it over? My brother is always like that! What really matters is that you never tell me. I don’t know what my brother is thinking.”
What do you think?
‘Damn it!’
If it’s something that can’t be undone anyway, I wanted to shout coolly even if I left when I left.
‘Smille, I want you… … !’
It shouldn’t be.
Feeling the anger boiling up, Ogent put down the tableware.
“I will wake up first.”
“Where? Talk to me.”
Damian didn’t scold him even while he went outside ignoring Smille’s words.
‘I have to endure.’
Reasonable and cool-headed, Ogent did not have the courage to deviate even a step from the taboo.
‘I have to hold the sword. Control your anger.’
Anger was his only teacher.

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 824 - Smille, Smille(4).txt
===============================
Smille, Smille (4)
‘What am I angry at?’ Lian, who was running towards somewhere unconscious, suddenly had a question.
A rapidly approaching building came into view.
His eyes were seen, but his thoughts were filled with things he had not experienced…
‘No, is it my experience?’ Every time someone’s memory passed, so vivid stimuli were transmitted from the cell unit.
Without even thinking about breaking through the object in the way, Lian crashed into it just as he was running.
‘Where are you going?’
According to Nike’s memories, the Genocide team should have been taken to the mansion of rich man Miguel.
The real horse Faust, the anecdote, the vampire lord and another lord who should have already awakened.
“Xenia.”
The moment I spit out her name, an auditory hallucination exploded as if it had flown from the end of the universe.
“Smiele.”
bang! bang bang!
The walls that crumble like cookies disappeared and the mansion of the rich man Miguel was seen in front of his eyes.
At that point the thought took him another 10,000 years to some place in heaven.
‘Ogent.’
A very long time ago there lived a prosecutor who was timid, self-centered, and nervous.
It wasn’t that he saved the world or that he caused a great event to symbolize a certain era.
‘What are you angry about?’
Heavenly beings who endured more than 10,000 years recalled the test like this.
Yasha.
Late at night, Ogent entered the training ground where the clan practiced swordsmanship.
“Whoa. Whoa.”
Every time he exhaled heavily, the candles around him flickered as if they were about to go out.
‘Be patient. you’ll be patient Just bear with it.’
What is Anger?
It was a feeling that the fire that rose from the heart melted the mind and body and mixed them together like molten iron in a furnace.
“iced coffee?… “!”
I wanted to scream with all my might as my tightly clenched teeth opened.
‘Swordsmanship.’
Ogent needed a place to escape.
There had to be the only way out of the hell of the heart that was blocked by flames on all sides.
‘Let’s be the best.’
No one said that, but it was as if Smille would come to him once he reached the apex of the sword.
‘Because I’m delusional like this, I’m going to hear that Smille is insidious.’
It didn’t matter though.
‘Let’s walk ten steps. Then it will be all right.’
Ogent, who had measured ten steps forward, moved slowly.
Of course, he actually moved, but his feet didn’t come off even after 10 minutes.
‘slowly. Extremely slow.’
A person watching by his side would think he was just standing there, but Ogent was sensing countless movements of his entire body.
‘It is dismantled endlessly.’
As the nerves were severed, even the air particles could be felt on the skin.
‘It’s the universe.’
Only what is contained in the body is mine, and therefore infinitely free.
” brother?”
Smille, who found the training ground, opened the door.
‘Smille.’
Her keen senses seized her, but she was swept away by the speed of her nerves and vanished into oblivion.
It was familiar, so Smille sat in the corner of the training hall and watched her brother.
‘What kind of training is that?’
Unlike the swordsmen of the clan, Ogent’s training was boring, so he often returned tired after watching it.
But today she had something to say, so Smille waited patiently.
In less than 30 minutes, drowsiness poured in, and before she knew it, she nodded her head and fell into a deep sleep.
“huh’?”
When I woke up again, I could hear the sound of birds announcing the dawn outside the training ground.
As the disconnected memories were connected, there was no Ogent in the gaze that regained its place.
“wow.”
Her head turned, and Ogent, who had taken ten steps during the night, was standing with his legs together.
“brother.”
I thought I was just standing, but Ogent was moving to come to a perfect standstill.
‘Stop.’
Acceleration was outside the range of human measurement, as it never stopped during ten steps.
‘ stop.’
Controlling it with the body was as difficult as feeling the speed of light.
The moment the flame went out as the candle was pressed down from above, Smille swallowed.
perfect stop.
It’s just that her brain couldn’t analyze it, but her eyes were clearly seeing it.
“Smiele.”
Augent turned his head.
“what’s the matter?”
Smille, who had a dazed expression, came to her senses and stood up.
“Ah, I have something to tell you.” He knew what he wanted to say and what he wanted to hear.
“It is morning now. Let’s do it next time.”
It was pitiful to see himself not being able to let go of Smille or to keep him.
“good. But if you won’t tell me now, promise me you won’t forever.”
When I turned around, Smille was looking at me with angry eyes unlike usual.
“Do you have anything to say to me? The people of the mountain clan will be coming soon. You may regret it now or for the rest of your life.”
Perhaps.
“I don’t know why you’re treating me coldly these days. It must have been after the marriage with the mountain clan was caught.”
“Smiele, I… …
“Do you hate me getting married?”
My heart was pounding.
“It can’t be. The river clan and the mountain clan have lived in cooperation for generations. This is an important marriage.”
“I am talking about my brother. There are many complaints about this wedding. Shall I guess?”
August’s face went pale.
“Brother, maybe…
At that time when I was so nervous that I was losing my mind, Smille put his hand on his waist and said.
“Is it because there is no one to play with when I get married?”
“what?”
The cold sweat dried up.
“Because my brother lacks social skills and has no friends. That’s why he’s leaving.”
What replaced the missing tension was sadness.
‘What were you expecting?’
Did he know that even a formidable blow would break the precarious balance?
“It’s not like that.”
Just as the horse was about to come out following his rough breath, Damian opened the training room door.
“Here you are.”
August felt guilty.
“uh? dad? Are you awake already?”
Damian, who was looking at the siblings with mixed feelings, sighed and turned around.
“The people of the mountain clan will arrive. We have a pre-wedding ceremony, so come home quickly.”
Smille, who was looking at Damian who was moving away, looked back at Ogent and waited for a while.
If he had something to say, he looked in his eyes to say it quickly, but upon hearing Damian’s sigh, Orgent just kept his mouth shut.
“I’ll go in.”
Smille went back, and August closed the door of the training hall and closed his eyes.
‘slow. slower.’
When I become the best, when there is no place to go up anymore, like a miracle, I think Smille will understand my heart.
‘Be strong. Then it will work.’
It was the only way Ogent could fight the world.
The mountain clan came to visit.
Although there is no superiority or inferiority between the clans, it was a traditional ritual to stay in the bride’s place for seven days and build harmony. Most of them were familiar with each other because they often exchanged goods from the river and the mountain.
However, Ogent, who always practiced in the mountains, saw Smille’s fiancé, Lead, for the first time.
A Honam-type face with a huge body.
Even with strangers, they were a typical mountain clan with a hearty smile.
‘Sheesh, what’s so cool about a guy like that?’
If it had been terrible, the words would not have come out, but Ogent left everything for political reasons.
‘Smille is being sacrificed.’
Sumiele, who has a calm and broad mind like a daeha, is not shaken by any big things.
It was something that Ogent never had, and maybe he was in awe of her.
‘This marriage is ridiculous.’
Seeing Smille smiling as she talked to Leard made her stomach twist even more.
“By the way, who is the older brother?”
Laird, who was looking around, noticed Ogent frowning and approached.
“You are the older brother of Smille, whom you have only heard about. Nice to meet you. The mountain clan is called Lead.”
I wanted to hit the outstretched hand, but I couldn’t take a single step in front of the clan’s eyes.
“Nice to meet you.”
“I heard that he is the best warrior, so when you have time, let’s compete with each other.”
Augent replied coldly.
“I don’t think that will happen. I’m going on a long trip soon.”
“travel? Are you sure you are going to Purgatory?”
“Please excuse me first.”
Leard looked back at the Kang clan with a blank expression, but they didn’t seem to care.
“what? Because you are my brother.”
Leard defined Ogent as follows.
“Are you completely peckish?”
The pre-wedding ceremony was harmonious, except for the coldness of Smille’s black-haired brother.
It was an early evening in which everyone was drunk with plenty of food from the mountains and rivers and drinks were passed around in succession.
“ha ha ha! Isn’t that why I killed three mountain kings at the same time!”
As a position to send her daughter, Damian actively supported Leard’s saga.
“That is great. As expected, he is the strongest warrior of the mountain clan.”
“That too… …
Leard, who gulped down the bowl filled with wine, turned his gaze to Ogent, who was sitting in the last seat.
Whether she was listening or not, she was just sitting there staring at the ground, pouting like a pouting woman.
‘You’re an unlucky person. After all, he’s not even his own child… …
If you are a human who will go to purgatory anyway, it would be fun to teach you the true beauty of a man.
“Have you ever caught a mountain king?”
When Augent didn’t answer, Smille intervened.
“Your brother is really strong. He’s a genius. I also cut dozens of primates a few days ago.”
“Puhahaha! Miss Smille, are you giving your brother a lot of attention? It is impossible to catch dozens of plesiosaurs in the water.”
No human being has ever done that.
“It’s real. brother, right? You know what I showed you while swimming with me back then? The art of flying.”
“Fly through the sky?”
Since no one had reached that level, not only the mountain clans but also the river clans paid attention.
“You mean you have such a skill?”
Even August couldn’t help but answer.
“You know what?”
But, as expected, it was cold words, and the atmosphere quickly subsided.
“Oppe｝, what the hell… …
Leard raised his head and burst into laughter.
“Puhahaha! I got to meet my terrifying older brother. Well, it’s still better than squatting.”
“pick?”
Ogent widened his eyes and glared at him, but Lair passed over him like a snarl.
“There is such a thing. By the way, if you have any cool tricks, why don’t you teach me too?”
Without listening to the answer, Lead stood up and walked to the empty lot holding his wooden sword.
“Could it be that the brave Gang clan is not running away?”
After driving a wedge over the pride of the clan, Ogent finally realized his mistake.
‘Damn it.’ Grabbing his wooden sword, he slowly stood up, but Damian put down his glass and said,
“Ogent, do you want to see me for a second?” Damian went into the shadows while everyone was waiting for the showdown of the century.
“This is the person who will be with Smille for the rest of his life.”
“I know. sorry. I will personally apologize and make it happen.”
“Kill me, but don’t.”
“yes?”
When Ogent raised his head, doubting his ears, Damian patted him on the shoulder.
“It’s okay to beat it up to your heart’s content. Until your minutes are resolved, until there is nothing left in your heart.”
It was the only consideration she could give her son.
continues in the next volume

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 825 - Anger (1).txt
===============================
anger (1)
Hearing the sound of his heart beating, Ogent turned to Laird.
“ha ha ha! Will this be fun?”
Watching them wield their wooden swords loudly and prepare for sparring, their spirit soared.
‘Do you want me to stop killing you?’
If Ogent’s heart was revealed through violence, even if Laird turned to dust, it wasn’t enough.
I still want to hit you
‘It’s a peck.’
Recognizing the truth in his heart, Ogent smiled bitterly.
said Damian.
“Ogent, I’m sorry.”
Ogent didn’t know what he was sorry for.
“If I hadn’t taken you as my son, none of this would have happened. but… … It is unavoidable.”
Because I can’t turn back time.
“There is nothing to be sorry for, Father.” All the words angered Augent, but it was true that he had saved his life.
As a result, the anger intensified.
Without saying what to do, Ogent walked over to the arena and took the wooden sword in his hand.
‘Only with this… …
Ogent has never really fought anyone before, so he doesn’t know exactly how good he is.
But it never occurred to me that I was a frog in a well.
Although he never fought a human being, he could cut down a burrowing creature, something other humans couldn’t.
“I want to be gentle, but… …
Leard tapped his shoulder with a wooden sword and said.
“A true warrior is not afraid of injury. How much would you do with this piece of wood? Let’s go hot.”
‘It’s stupid.’
It sounded like common sense to someone who had reached a certain level, but Ogent laughed in vain.
‘A person can be killed with just one chopstick.’
“brother! Show me the power of the Kang Clan!”
Even though it would be difficult to support either side, Smille asserted Ogent’s victory.
‘Is it ignorance, or is it sunny… …
No, Smille was always like that.
Unlike Ogent, who weighs all the risks before doing something, she was always unstoppable.
‘So I want you… …
Ogent, who had erased his thoughts, held out his wooden sword.
“Let’s start.”
After declaring war, Reid’s expression, which had been smiling until now, became frighteningly calm.
‘He’s not a pathetic guy.’
A unique aura called the giant’s power was rising from Laird’s body.
Of course, it was a temperament that only August’s senses could feel.
“Taha!”
Laird rushed in first, and Ogent turned around belatedly.
“wow??????
Those who watched quickly fell in love with Leard’s swordsmanship, which was stronger than expected.
Even Smille, who had believed that Ogent was the best until now, opened his eyes wide at the speed of the sword.
Ogent, who was the only one whose expression did not change, was calmly pouring out his attacks.
‘He’s a strong man.’
I didn’t want to belittle it as weak.
It was clearly a skill worthy of representing the mountain clan, and he was also adept at handling the power of a giant.
‘What the hell am I… …
That’s why I suddenly had a question.
‘How strong is it?’
The reason why you get goosebumps all over your body and even get a creepy feeling is because you have confirmed your inaction on a different level.
‘Can there be such a difference?’
Lead’s movements were clearly visible in a sense of a completely different dimension, incomparable to numbers.
‘This is not something to avoid.’
Almost to the point of foreknowledge, each and every one of Laird’s movements was being analyzed individually.
Ogent’s sense of being able to walk only ten steps in a day eventually reached such a level.
Being able to deal with Lead with only 1% of his nerves, he thought with the remaining 99% of his nerves.
‘This man will be Smille’s husband.’ From the day she first met her, she had never left her heart for a single moment, and she would be gone.
My stomach was boiling.
“Yaaaa!”
The moment Reid performed a vertical slash, Ogent twisted his body and assumed an upward stance.
‘rather… …
Raising the sword upward would break Lair’s neck, but he hurriedly stopped.
Laird, who had never been attacked by Ogent, glared at him with his eyes wide open.
“If you’re going to do it, do it right, you little bastard.”
I don’t know why they didn’t attack, but it was clear that they were mocking.
“Let’s stop. It doesn’t make any sense anymore.”
The whispers between the two did not spread outside, but everyone kept their mouths shut in a subtle atmosphere.
“No meaning? It is a showdown between the mountain clan and the river clan. Are you still a warrior?”
“I am not of the river clan.”
It was a fact that you could tell just by looking at the color of his hair that August was the adopted son of the chief.
‘What is this bastard?’
Even though he is a competent person who lightly sheds his onslaught, he has a nervous personality with extreme timidity.
‘Even if it’s not blood, how do you act like this to your brother-in-law?’
One possibility flashed.
“Could you… …
After looking at Smille, Laird’s eyes stared straight at Ogent’s face.
The blood was gone from his originally pale face.
“Such a pervert!”
At the sudden shout, both the Gang clan and the San clan put on a bewildered expression.
Only Smille was watching.
“I’ll beat you to death!” Leard, who already thought Smille belonged to her, let out anger and swung the sword at her neck.
But at this moment, the person who was most angry was Ogent.
‘Kill it!’ The rage born of shame blew away reason, and the sword bent at tremendous speed.
It is impossible to distinguish with the naked eye, but Leard was unable to move even 1/100th of his movements.
be patient
All sorts of thoughts rushed through my head as I heard the sound of my heart.
‘If I kill Lee… …
become a murderer
How will Smille see herself? How sad will her father be? Will she be able to withstand everyone’s criticism?
‘Hold on! Please bear with me!’
Thousands of thoughts that shouldn’t be done put the brakes on the fast-moving wooden sword.
“Aaaaaaa!”
The wooden sword came to a standstill as a strong wind blew in.
“Keugh!”
The moment Laird stiffened with the wooden sword in front of him that he did not even know he had reached.
Kurrurrurrung!
All the trees in the forest behind him were cut down and started to fall in the same direction.
“I-what is that?”
Even August didn’t know.
‘what?’
His senses reached the pinnacle of his body, but it was the first time he had ever experienced the phenomenon of being cut by things that had not been cut.
‘Something inside of me erupted.’
law.
Lair lost his temper while thinking about a not yet clearly defined concept.
“You son of a bitch!”
The wooden sword, which had been struck with the determination to kill, twisted grotesquely in front of Ogent’s face and exploded with a bang.
“brother!”
People thought that Ogent had been hit directly, and Smille jumped up with a surprised expression.
“you… … What the hell is it?”
The bizarreness beyond human common sense was felt only by Lead, the person involved.
‘Huge.’
Anger in the heart is sublimated into reason and affects the real world.
It was a divine transcendence that only a top-level giant could do.
“I will go back.”
Throwing his wooden sword to the ground, Ogent bowed his head deeply to Damian and avoided the seat.
Watching his son walk away, Damian sighed.
‘Am I running away again?’ Even if it meant ruining her daughter’s wedding, she hoped her son would vent his anger once in a while.
‘Well, that’s you.’
If I could run away forever like that, it was one of life to endure and live my whole life.
“I’ll go to my brother.”
As Smille tried to follow Ogent, Damian grabbed her daughter’s wrist.
“Don’t go.”
“why? He’s my brother.”
Damian couldn’t bear to say why.
But Smille, as if she didn’t like even that, stubbornly shook off her hand and turned around.
“Everyone is a coward.”
It was just stuffy about what they were afraid of.
After going deep into the mountains where Smille couldn’t find him, August calmed his mind through meditation.
‘slow. slower.’
I didn’t have the courage to look at Smille’s face.
‘Let’s forget it.’
will be leaving tonight
As always, all you had to do was run away from the fear you couldn’t bear to face.
‘I see.’
The level he had reached through the confrontation with Leard rushed like a wave through enlightenment.
‘ iced coffee.’
As if my brain had been opened, endless thoughts rushed in without me even realizing it.
Augent’s body rose on its own, and both hands went up while he was in a cross-legged position.
‘I am… … It transcended the body.’ It was the awakening of genius.
‘Yeah, that’s it.’
To him, the sword is not a means to achieve something, but a refuge to escape misfortune.
‘This is it.’
The day had changed before he knew it, when he opened his eyes.
“I need to pack.”
The reason why I don’t have the courage to meet Smille is because I must have spent the night with Leard.
Until the wedding ceremony, it is clearly a man and a woman, but according to what I have observed so far, most of the first nights are held on the same night.
It felt like my heart was breaking, but I was trying to go down the mountain, ignoring those thoughts.
“brother.” Smille was waiting in the corner of the forest.
“Smiele.”
It was a pathetic voice even to himself.
“How do you know?”
Smille sighed and pointed around.
According to Maha’s law, all the trees in the forest were bent to the point of breaking.
“This??????
“No, that’s okay.”
Unlike usual, it was an angry tone.
“Tell me what happened.” Will it be caught in the end?
” what?”
“You know it’s not something to ask me, right? Now it’s your turn to talk.”
Ogent did his best to make excuses.
“sorry. I’m not feeling well today. Tell Lard I’m sorry too. And the wedding must be… …
“Brother, don’t you just marry me?”
August’s face hardened.
“What, what do you mean, all of a sudden? You can’t cancel a wedding that depends on the fate of the clan like this.”
I was spitting out a sound that I didn’t even mean, but Smille stabbed me again.
“Do you know what I did last night?” All I could think about was running away.
“Yeah, of course… …
“Nothing happened.”
Smille, who watched Ogent’s eyes change, took a deep breath and said,
“You really have nothing to say to me?” She seemed to give it one last chance.
‘Is there something next for me?’ The conviction that there was only now to change anything stuck in my head.
‘I must confess. Even swordsmanship can’t protect me anymore.’
There would be no higher level than now.
“Smiele.”
Augent grabbed Smille’s shoulders.
“Marry Leard.”
Perhaps Lair had a good look at people.
‘I peck.’
From the beginning, he was a nasty guy who couldn’t do anything.
“Get married and live happily. That’s what pleases the clan and the father. If you don’t get married, everyone will be unhappy.”
“What’s so complicated? You can take responsibility for everything.”
Augent smiled sadly.
‘How can you say such nice things?’
Smille, a huge river that flows quietly but contains everything, has always been an object of admiration.
“Have a good day, Smille. My brother is… …
Ogent’s head jerked back.
“what?”
Woo woo woo woo.
As the air vibrated, clear sound waves were moving around the entire mountain.
‘Vibration?’
Everyone in Purgatory knows
It was the natural vibratory sound of a living angel.

=============XXXXX=============

