===============================
Chapter - 851 - Acceleration (3).txt
===============================
accelerate (3)
East Sea of Jincheon Empire.
The place where Seong-eum distorted space arrived was the sky over the coastal waters overlooking the white sandy beach.
“Corsair! Advance! Don’t back down!” The army of Jincheon and the army of Hell were engaged in a close battle with the sun shining on the white sandy beach.
With their noise entwined and piercing your eardrums like white noise, you looked back at the sea in poetry.
Demon beasts the size of sailboats were seen in the distant sea.
On the beach side, monsters with tentacles were knocking down soldiers from several meters high.
‘Serious.’
What I could tell from looking up from the sky was that it was only a matter of time before the coastline was occupied.
There is only one reason why Jincheon has been able to block it so far.
It was a massive offensive that was comparable to the army of hell.
“There is a human over there!”
Demons with long beaks like spears fluttered their wings and flew towards Seongeum.
‘Aether wave!’
As the vocal sound refracted the space, the scenery became complicated and the demons’ beaks penetrated the bodies of their colleagues.
“Keew!”
Seongeum, who had watched hundreds of demons fall into the sea at the same time, looked back at Sirone.
“Already on the land side, the armies of hell are coming up, occupying the 7 kingdoms in the East. Jincheon will perish if we do not find a way out here in the sea.”
For Sirone, the value of Jincheon was equal to that of other countries, but strategically it was more than that.
“I will fight right now. Let’s go to the sandy beach.” As Lian grabbed the handle of the great sword and prepared to launch, Seongeum shook his head.
“no. That’s not what I want to ask for. There are other things you have to do.”
Seong-eum’s eyes shook as she watched the soldiers die.
However, he soon put on a determined expression and waved his hand to cast an etheric wave.
As if a carpet was being crumpled, the scenery was pulled, and then the scene of the imperial castle, Yeomra, rushed in quickly.
Forests and buildings flowed like a torrent, and when they penetrated the thick walls, Daejeon, where bureaucrats gathered, appeared.
“There is no retreat! If we can’t recover the coast, we’ll push into the imperial castle in an instant!”
The soldiers were divided into two and debating.
“Are you saying you want to continue the unfavorable fight? War of attrition has limits too! If we continue like this, we will be destroyed!”
The chattering sound also reminded me of a battlefield.
“Come this way.”
Seongeum walked towards the statue with Sirone and Lian behind.
“your majesty!”
Jin Kang, who had been listening to the soldiers’ opinions with his chin resting on his chin, only moved his gaze to look this way.
“Are you here?”
Even though the empire was heading towards catastrophe, there was no anxiety to be found in the emperor’s eyes.
‘indeed. He’s a different emperor than Wu Lin.’
Because it was much easier to deal with than her frightened appearance, Sirone followed Jincheon’s etiquette even though she was an ivory tower star.
“It is an honor to meet you.”
“You don’t have to come out so lowly. This is where you need help
I mean.”
Sirone let go of her grip and said.
“It is a difficult time for any country. You must be heartbroken.”
“What is heartache?”
Jin Kang raised the corner of his mouth.
“If you perish, you perish.”
The noisy battle became quiet in an instant.
Anchal of the Jincheon Space Agency said while lying flat with his arms outstretched.
“Your Majesty, Jincheon will not perish. We are doing our best to strategize, so sooner or later the tide will turn.”
“The best is an illusion.” When Jin Kang stood up, all the servants corrected their posture and knelt down.
“Do as much as you can. That point is the strongest. If you try to use something that doesn’t exist in reality, you become weak. I always say… …
There was a deep feeling in Jin Kang’s eyes.
“Simple beats complex.”
The soldiers were lost in thought.
“If you’ve done all you can, hit it. Then, something else will happen. Even if you perish when you perish, don’t tremble in fear already.”
“I will obey your solemn command.” While all the soldiers were bowing, Jin Kang walked towards Sirone with his hands behind his back.
“Do you think there is something you want to say?” Sirone shook her head.
“no. I totally agree with your thoughts. It is effective to face reality.”
“is it.”
Jin Kang smiled bitterly.
It meant that Jincheon’s current condition was not very good, even in the eyes of the Wizard of the Ivory Tower.
“I guess I have no choice but to look forward to you.”
“I will go to the East Sea. If you defeat the corps commander, the spirit of the demons will also be dampened.”
“no. It’s dangerous, but Jincheon isn’t that weak. What you have to do, let your voice tell you.”
When Jin Kang looked back at Seongeum, she too met her father’s eyes with complicated eyes.
“I’m sorry I didn’t give you much time.”
The voice was engulfed.
“Let’s go first. Preserve the jade body.”
It sounded like goodbye.
“okay. Don’t worry about me. And wizard of the ivory tower, even though the world is on the verge… …
It was the last request a father could give.
“Please respect the meaning of the voice.”
“What is that… …
Before Sirone could finish her words, Seongeum cast an etheric wave and moved.
As Daejeon was pushed out, they arrived at the palace where Seongeum stayed.
“Are you here, lady?”
Mungyeong, the leader of Sambo, came out to meet him.
I learned my face in the Ivory Tower exam, but for some reason my eyes were swollen as if I had cried all night.
‘What’s going on?’
Come to think of it, all the maids around her were looking at Seongeum with sympathetic eyes.
However, the person concerned pointed to Sirone without any particular expression and said.
“I have something to talk about with a friend. Give me a lodging.”
“Come this way.”
Mungyeong followed on the street of three steps, and the other ladies-in-waiting also guided the voice in their respective positions.
‘It’s still the same.’
Even Sirone knew the resolution of space.
Even so, the reason he could get close to her was because she allowed Young-bo.
Since they were there together, Mungyeong couldn’t say anything about Sirone.
‘If the lady loves someone, she can back off as much as she wants. But it was sad that it was at this point.
“Please go in.”
When Mungyeong opened the dorm, a room with a round table and bed in a neatly organized outbuilding appeared.
It was according to the taste of the voice.
“Everybody stay out.”
“Lady Haona, this swordsman… … The only one who allowed the yeongbo of the voice is Sirone.
I couldn’t keep Rian in a small room.
“Okay. I allow it.”
Seongeum turned to Lian.
He had been surprised at his inaction in defeating Ymir’s clone, but he was much more mature than that now.
‘I’m sure it will be the strongest in the world.’
Is Sirone fighting alongside someone like this?
In any case, it was a good thing for the Jincheon Empire, so Seongeum gave him a distance.
“0.1 baud.”
I couldn’t give her the same distance as Sirone.
When Lian shrugged and entered, Mungyeong had no more words to argue with.
“I’ll be waiting for you outside.” In a slightly awkward atmosphere, Sirone, Lian, and Seongeum sat in a circle at a round table.
“First of all, don’t say sorry. I can easily imagine how busy you must be as the star of the ivory tower.”
“are you okay. Because this is my job. Anyway, what am I supposed to do here? Also, why did the emperor recall the past while looking up at the ceiling?
“Do you remember? When I took you to the ivory tower, I asked you How much time can you give me?”
“huh? hour?”
From Sirone’s point of view, the words were insignificant, so he had to search his memory for a long time.
“Ah, it was. Did you say 10 days’?”
“Okay, ten days.”
Sirone said with a puzzled expression.
“But now it seems to be a bit difficult. When the war is over, I will definitely keep my promise.”
“You don’t have to. Forget it.”
The voice was laughing, but it didn’t feel alive.
“Hanshi is busy. Even now, countless people of Jincheon are dying. That’s why I’m begging you. Regardless of the promise… …
Seongeum looked at Sirone with earnest eyes.
“day. Give me time for just one day.”
Ryan moaned and moaned, and Sirone blinked.
‘ day?’
I didn’t know what she was thinking.
“What is all this?”
Havitz and Gustav 4th cadets who joined from the battlefield set up a barracks 20 kilometers away from the battlefield.
Following Balkan’s instructions, he killed all the humans in the cities along the way, but there were still spoils to give to Sumodo.
“Huh. uhhhhhhh.”
About 2,000 flower-like girls were lined up in a row tied to a rope.
Zetaro, who was sitting on the ground, said while grazing.
“He said he would take all the women in the world. To be honest, I killed a lot because it was annoying to take him with me. I don’t know what your tastes are, but I picked them roughly based on my standards.”
Natasha counted and gave up.
“Even if we only catch 10 people a day, it would take a long time. Sumo, don’t push yourself too hard. And then the bones are gone.”
“Stop worrying.”
Sumodo did not know to give up.
“That’s why humans need tools.”
After stealing a repeater-type crossbow from a soldier, he looked back at Natasha and raised a corner of his mouth.
“Anyway, can we shoot?”
Dozens of arrows per second were fired into the crowd.
“Quaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!”
dying girls.
Abi Gyu-hwan’s screams erupted, and people tied to ropes and trampled on were followed one after another.
“more! more!”
When the arrows ran out, his men brought new crossbows, and the brutal killings continued without end.
After firing six hundred rounds, the recoil almost broke his body.
“Wow, this is really hard. zeta, same
Do you want to do this?”
“Hehe, why are you so greedy?”
Zetaro, holding a crossbow in both hands, began to shoot arrows anywhere, regardless of recoil.
“Kyahahahaha! Kyahahahaha!”
Tears of blood flowed from Natasha’s eyes as she performed a beautiful dance behind the two.
‘Crazy guys.’
The soldiers seriously questioned whether this was a human right.
‘Doesn’t someone have to stop it?’ Vulcan was preoccupied with sitting on his horse and looking at the map.
Havitz was also sitting with his back in the grass in the corner, drawing on the ground.
“ha! ha!”
Finally, when all 2,000 fell, Sumodo, sweating profusely, threw the crossbow.
“It’s really hard.”
“Heh! I know. nucleus!”
Sumodo looked back at Balkan as Jetaro sighed and sat down.
“Hey, military. How many have we killed so far?”
Vulcan raised his head and stroked his chin.
“Hmm, well. Roughly between 600 million and 700 million?”
“what? 600 million to 700 million?”
Sumodo’s face turned into an embarrassment.
“You killed everything you could find, but you haven’t even reduced half of it yet? No, there are so many damn humans.”
Vulcan agreed.
“It was a little later than expected. I think Valkyrie has some decent soldiers. We’re minimizing the damage.”
Humanity did not have the troops to stop the army of hell, but even in such a situation, the response was prompt.
‘What kind of guy is he?’
A person with enough brains to stand up to the crowd.
Vulcan’s gaze was aimed at someone in the enemy camp whose name he didn’t even know yet.

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 852 - Acceleration (4).txt
===============================
accelerate (4)
Valkyrie Site-73.
In the bunker prepared in the mountains of the Southern Continent, the Valkyrie leaders with the VIP level were gathered.
In wars fought all over the world, mankind’s win rate was less than 7 percent.
But if it wasn’t for them, I wouldn’t have been able to guarantee even that 7 percent.
“Urgent! Destroy the 7th Brigade in Bornai!
Four million demons are riding over the Max Mountains.”
The flag of the 7th Brigade disappeared from the 3D map on the military table.
Subsequently, four red horses representing one million units moved to the Max Mountains.
“Sir General, a response strategy.”
The strategic officers who reorganized the words of the military leadership through intelligence all turned to one person.
Valkyrie General Commander, Mercodyne Iruki.
It was he who passed through the rain fearing death because he forced an overdrive in the Ex-Machina.
He was thinner than before and his hair was gray, but his eyes were steady as he glared at the military map.
‘It’s really tricky.’
It is not a war that can be won in the first place.
The only thing the general military can do is buy time by minimizing damage.
There was also a reason why he was able to defeat so many powerful people and take over the general military.
‘A counterattack is impossible. I have to step back a little bit.’
But Iruki won.
The 7% win rate includes the performance of the ivory tower Oh Dae-seong, but it was a miraculous feat that resulted in a victory against Havitz’s army.
Electricity flew in Iruki’s eyes.
‘Overdrive.’
The inhabitants of the Ivory Tower, ‘people who play card games’, watched in wonder at Iruki.
‘It’s a miracle to be alive.’
Although Iruki opened his brain, strictly speaking, he was eaten by the Ex-Machina.
‘Synchronization of that moment.’
Iruki thinks like an Ex-Machina.
‘The world of quantum probability.’
In fact, humans don’t need to know that far to win the war.
‘It’s enough to be cut if you cut, and to be pushed out if you push. After all, war is just an interaction between particles.’
This is called the law.
‘But Satan is outside the law.’
Iruki defines it this way:
The state that exists as a probability before the result is observed is the essence of Havitz.
‘I can’t predict chaos.’
However, if it is Iruki, a new strategy can be established at that unpredictable point.
‘You don’t lose just because you deserve to lose. It doesn’t necessarily mean losing. The moment we respond to Havitz, the outcome is fixed as a defeat event.’
Only Iruki understood Havitsu.
‘Then I just don’t have to observe it.’ If you can proceed the case outside the maximum radius so that no specific outcome can be produced for Harvitz.
‘I can’t win, but I can’t lose either.’ 7% win rate.
‘If not directly touched, the chaos of Havitz is rather poisonous to the military might of the Balkans.’
Hundreds of millions of people have already died, but what they gained from their sacrifice was clear.
‘The opportunity will surely come.’
Iruki had been waiting for the day when Havitz’s choice would become a handshake that would change the war situation.
? ? ?
“Should I say strange… …
Vulcan continued.
“I might lose. Winning or losing a war is not a big issue. Strange is the cause of defeat. What should I do? like… …
Vulcan looked back at Havitz.
“It sounds like you’re thinking like Harvits.”
“Hmm.”
Sumodo stroked his chin.
“We fight with the same strategy, right? But it’s possible because it’s Havitz. If anyone is like that, it’s a hundred battles.”
“But I won.”
Silence has arrived.
“If it’s too much to be considered a fluke, it’s too hard. First of all, the division of forces ahead of Kashan. It’s a fight we wouldn’t have lost if we had just invaded the Central Continent.”
Vulcan pointed out the key.
“Were they expecting in advance to divide their forces? That doesn’t even make sense. If the troops had been lined up as expected, Harvitz would not have divided the troops.”
Jetaro nodded.
“Because you always choose to win. Nevertheless, Havits divided his forces and was consequently defeated.”
“okay.”
Vulcan was almost certain.
“Among them, there is one who can circumvent the Harvitz case.”
It wasn’t just because of the distance.
“I don’t know how. Map how that is possible. But there is no other way to explain it.”
Natasha asked.
“I don’t know what you mean, but how dangerous is that to us anyway?”
“In my opinion… …
When the Vulcan is about to speak.
“Should I quit?”
Habitz, who was squatting, raised his head to the sky and spoke quietly.
“what? Harvits?”
Vulcan questioned, doubting his ears.
“Shall we stop here? I suddenly have that thought.”
It was a complete denial of what he had done so far, but that’s why it was rather Harvey Tsu.
Vulcan asked.
“Why?”
“God, more fun than this
where will you be But a little Havitz yawned.
“It sounds boring.” Zetaro said with an apologetic face.
“The way I kill more fun
I will try to develop it.”
“Come to think of it… … Humans too
pair.”
Colleagues’ eyes widened.
‘Havitz sympathize?’
It was impossible.
“Life is everything to humans. As long as I can live, fun is a good thing.”
Sumodo realized.
“Are you Uorin?” “Wu Orin said, she loves Sirone. What part of you did that change?”
“Nothing??????
It was fun and thrilling, so I have no regrets about sacrificing my wife Abella.
“It’s just boring.”
It’s no exaggeration to say that he had the whole world, but he couldn’t help being lonely.
‘I want to play.’
only… … I just remembered Abella.
‘I want to play.’
Havitz pursed his lips toward the sky.
“Muuuuuuu”
When he made a sound like a cow crying, the Gustav 4th class turned to each other.
“Muuuuuu.”
Dry crying without even a drop of tear.
It was a terrible sadness.
‘Time of day.’
Sirone pondered over the words of the voice.
Currently, wars are in full swing around the world, and many people are still dying.
However, Jincheon was the same, so Seong-eum’s proposal must have a reason.
“why?”
Sirone asked.
“It’s enough even after the war is over. No, why is the day you spend with me important in the first place?”
The voice kept her mouth shut.
‘I’m sorry, Sirone.’
The reason that cannot be revealed is that it is closely related to the security of the Jincheon Empire.
“I already know how important the war in the Central Continent is to you.”
Amy.
“Dear lady, and your homeland, the Kingdom of Tormia, is also close to the front line. I know it’s an unreasonable request. But you said you would give me ten days.”
Seongeum looked directly at Sirone.
“It is because my ability has earned you 10 days. trust me Give me a day, and I will buy you more time by all means.”
Knowing Seongeum’s upright character, there was no need to doubt his words.
It was just that I couldn’t hear the reason, but even now, time was passing.
“good.”
Seongeum’s face suddenly brightened.
“Thank you. Thank you very much.”
“But what are you going to do during the day? Do you have anything in mind?”
“As you know, etheric waves are the ability to shake the force field in space and time. So you can go wherever you want, but… …
Seongeum raised her head with a vague expression.
“Looking back, I realize I’ve never been anywhere.”
Sirone stared at her.
“There are no grandiose plans. just one day… … Help me see the world.”
‘I’m thinking of dying.’
If not, there was no reason for her voice to suddenly become a candidate for the ivory tower.
“okay.”
Knowing how high her Kar was, Sirone decided to obey her wishes for now.
“Go where you want to go. I will follow you wherever you go.”
“then?… ”
Seongeum noticed Ri An standing behind Sirone.
“Go and come. I will be waiting for you here.”
Rian got up from the table and sat down on the bed, as if she had made up her mind.
The vocal voice expressed gratitude with a small nod and cast an etheric wave.
The bodies of the two were sucked into the space, revealing a completely different landscape.
“Here?”
It was a valley with a small waterfall.
Seongeum, perched on a rock, took a deep breath and smiled with satisfaction.
“I have never been to a place like this with anyone in my life.”
It’s because they didn’t allow the yeongbo.
“If you think about it… … What did you live with such a distance for?”
Sirone sat next to Seongeum.
“You can change from now on. When the war is over, the day will come when we can all be happy together.”
“I guess… …
Again, persuasion was impossible.
“tell me. What are you thinking… … town.”
Before Sirone could finish her words, Seong-eum leaned her upper body closer and kissed her softly.
In an unexpected situation, Sirone’s eyes widened, and after a while, Seongeum’s lips fell.
Only the sound of the waterfall could be heard.
“sorry.” Seongeum said with her head bowed.
“are you okay. I was just a little surprised.”
“… … I heard you have someone you love. I have hurt you Forget it.”
It may be so, but there was no feeling that the vocal sound was too complicated.
It must be because it is pure.
“Why is that?”
“I used to think all the time. If only I had someone I could walk alongside, in a quiet place like this… …
Voice changed the topic.
“We competed together. Leaving the stars of the ivory tower. You, me and me.” It was an unforgettable memory for Sirone as well.
“huh. I never thought that the world would change like this.”
“You with philanthropy, and I with publicity. Everyone carried on their convictions to the end. It sounds funny when I say this, but sometimes I’m proud of you guys.”
“You are strong enough. And I am still fighting for the world.”
“… … Is that so?”
Sirone’s praise made me feel better.
“Time and space are actually one chapter. If you fight for the world, that’s enough for me.”
Not afraid.
“Seongeum, if you’re thinking bad thoughts… …
“The day has only just begun.” Seongeum robbed the seat and got up.
“I don’t want to think about it right now. It’s okay to enjoy this moment a little more. Let’s go somewhere else.”
“uh? already?”
“Because I have to fulfill my lifelong wish. I don’t want to miss a single spot.”
“I don’t mind if it takes more time.”
I didn’t want to pressure her.
“no. One day is enough. Instead, I have a request.”
Seongeum held out his hand to Sirone. “Can you catch me?”
Sirone, who had been looking at the slender outstretched fingers, slowly took her hand.
‘Whatever you think… … There will be no letting go of this hand in the end.

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 853 - The Ugly Girl (1).txt
===============================
ugly (1)
Calm waves crashed on the white sandy beach.
Perhaps it was because the armies of hell were sweeping across the world, and the tranquility of the moment, when only the scenery was all there was, was exhilarating.
“So beautiful.”
Seongeum’s face looking across the sea was more beautiful than the sea to Sirone.
“Space is a fiction… …
If the existence of the country is erased, what will the size of the world we live in mean?
“I thought.”
Seongeum looked back at Sirone.
“Because time is fiction, space is also fiction. But seeing the sea like this, I wonder what it has to do with it.”
Isn’t it just beautiful?
To someone outside the planet, the sea might be nothing but disgusting vomit, but to Seong-eum, it was beautiful.
“That is the heart.”
Plant your mind in a world of illusions.
“yes.”
The reason Sirone enjoyed spending time with Seong-eum was that she understood him.
“But Sirone, I don’t have a thorough philosophy toward the world like you and I. All I can do is prevent my country from being destroyed.”
only for Jincheon.
“Voice, tell me. After spending the day with me, what about you? What are you trying to do?”
The voice turned around.
“Sirone, can I be a good mother?”
“huh? mom?”
“I want to have a child. Resembles me, but more like my boyfriend than me O”
As if she had already embraced life, Seongeum covered her stomach with both hands.
“To my child, what distance can I give?”
Sirone did not dare to answer.
“Let’s go see the children, Sirone. I want to.”
Before he could hear the answer, Seongeum grabbed Sirone’s hand and cast an etheric wave.
The place they arrived at was the playground of Yeomra.
Aristocratic wives sat in the corners and chatted while children were playing.
“Ha ha! You are not standing there!”
The war is in full swing outside Yeomra, but it’s fun
The children playing in the field were just bright.
Even though Sirone and Seong-eum entered the playground, the wives did not recognize the imperial princess’ face.
“Huh, the kids are really comfortable with me.”
It was an infinite joy to Seong-eum that there were still people who could laugh at Yeomra.
“They are my children. The children I have to watch over.”
She approached the children, said something, and started playing ball.
Shirone laughed at the sight of him hitting the spikes mercilessly against the clumsy kids.
‘Come to think of it… …
Seong-eum did not set a distance for the children.
“no way! hey! Eat this!”
Then a child came into the playground, picked up a handful of soil, and sprinkled it on the children.
“don’t do it! Your clothes are getting dirty!”
“Eight! Eight!”
Shirone frowned at the sight of her friends throwing dirt to the end even though they said they didn’t like it.
“Here again, Mrs. Jang’s son.”
“I thought you weren’t coming today. But what are you doing taking the kids with you now?”
The wives whispered and mocked, but no one intervened to stop it.
Sirone guessed that the nobleman with the surname Jang had a higher rank than them.
“Stop it. Don’t other friends hate it?”
Seong-eum politely scolded him, but the child who threw the soil looked at him with a mocking attitude.
“What is an aunt? I come to the playground and play whatever I want.”
“Oh, lady?”
Seong-eum, who had an absurd expression on her face, put honey chestnuts on Mr. Jang’s son’s head.
“There is nothing I cannot say to a woman who has never been married.”
“ouch!”
Mr. Jang’s son, clutching his forehead, glared at the children hiding behind Seong-eum.
“Heh, that’s not funny.”
Even though they couldn’t speak because of their parents’ class, it was impossible for the children to hide their hateful gaze.
Jang’s son walked to the corner of the playground and rolled a large stone aside.
The ants were teeming with them, and he, who had been looking at them with disgust and awe, began to step on them with his tiny feet.
“Eight! die! die!”
Seeing the child, Sirone was gripped by an indescribably unpleasant feeling.
Perhaps it was because he felt a strange affinity with what was happening in the world right now.
“stop!”
Sirone spoke, but the child’s eyes were already filled with mysterious madness.
“Because I’m quitting.”
When Sirone, who was worse off, shoved the child on the shoulder, he hit the butt with a thump.
“Ah, sir! What are you?”
Sirone, who has a Western appearance, could never become a nobleman in Jincheon.
“Even insignificant life is precious. No, there is no such thing as a small creature in this world.”
“You are laughing. On the subject that he is not even an aristocrat. Do you know who I am?”
A light emanated from Sirone’s eyes, and the child froze in shock.
“Uh, uh… …
It was Yahweh’s wrath that would have pierced the limbs of a demon.
“Baby, what’s going on?”
The wives’ faces turned pale as a ferocious-looking woman walked by from afar.
‘Mrs. Jang. She’s in trouble.’
The child who saw the mother started to cry.
“mom! This uncle… … . Aaaah!”
Mrs. Jang, holding a child in her arms, glared at Sirone sternly and shot at him.
“who are you? Why are you bullying my child?”
“I was killing ants in the playground.”
“what? ant?”
Mrs. Jang’s face turned into an absurd expression.
“You mean you made my son cry just for that reason? And when you play, you can do that. What does he know?”
“That is the problem.”
The really terrible thing is, you don’t know.
Sirone looked sadly at the crying child in her mother’s arms.
‘When that child goes home… …
A mother would massage the legs of her weary child, and a father would scoop rice into a spoon and put it in his mouth.
“no, I do not want.” Havitz said to the sky.
“I don’t want to go back.”
Who are you talking to?
Gustav 4th class looked back at each other and whispered.
“I do that sometimes. Who do you think is in the sky?”
“It must be an illusion. To be honest, neither Havitz nor we are sane people, are we?”
Natasha put her hand to her lips.
“Maybe it’s feeling the presence of God… …
Vulcan murmured.
“If this world is a lie… …
“huh?”
When I read the crowd log, sometimes I get creepy thoughts.
“That is, as long as there is an outside world and we are nothing more than imaginary persons connected to that outside world.”
Balkan looked back at his friends.
“What kind of existence is Havitz in the world outside?”
Young kid.
Also, if a child entered this world who clearly realized that this world was fake.
‘What kind of life will I live?’
just a playground.
‘Kids don’t play losing games.’ because it’s no fun
‘Why doesn’t Harvits die? What is the reason why it is so close to being invincible that it overcomes extreme odds?’
Was it already designed that way?
‘Who the hell? Is it a system that allows you to manipulate your own odds? But if that’s possible… …
The world must have already been overflowing with the second Havitz, the second emperor, and the second rich man.
Sumodo asked.
“Why are you talking? So what are Habits?”
Vulcan is out of delusion.
“No, I just felt that way.”
There was zero persuasive power from the assumption of an outside world that did not exist.
‘Even Buddha only fights to get rid of suffering in this world. I don’t know the outside world.’
Balkan looked back at Habitz.
‘But what are you looking at?’
Maybe Harvits… … .
“I want to play more.”
A deep, dark solitude lingered in Havitz’s eyes as he looked up at the sky.
‘I want to have fun.’ “Take him.” Sirone said.
“Teach them what is important. Otherwise, you will be lonely for the rest of your life.”
Mrs. Zhang was furious.
“Who is the insignificant trying to teach? do you know who i am If the government office opens its mouth… …
“Please take me with you!”
When Sirone screamed, Seongeum turned around with a surprised expression.
‘Take me, please!’
I am not angry with the child.
“Have you seen such a spoiled brat!”
Mrs. Jang, who was venomous in its original form, jumped up and slapped Sirone on the cheek.
What returned with a slap was the face of Mrs. Jang, not Sirone.
“ouch??????
At that time when they couldn’t even get angry at the incomprehensible phenomenon, the voice came to them.
“Follow him.”
As soon as Mrs. Jang turned her head and saw the voice, her face was stained with astonishment.
“Hwang, Princess!”
Although it was only from hundreds of meters away that the Holy Sound was actually seen, the nobleman’s eyes could not forget the emperor’s lineage.
“A lowly thing is coming to see the princess!” Voice waved her hand.
“Take your son and go back. The situation is dizzy… …
When Mrs. Jang left with her son, the other wives hurriedly returned home.
The voice said to Sirone.
“Let’s go too. I think I enjoyed it enough.”
“Now tell me what you are thinking. What will happen to you when you return to the imperial castle?”
“You guessed it, why I am not telling you.” “It is helpful to you. But if you listen to me, you won’t have a choice.”
“You can choose.”
“It wouldn’t be a good choice.”
“That is also a matter for me to choose.” Voice sighed.
“Sirone, demons are killing people. If you could stop this, would you do anything?”
“of course.”
“What if I came up with something great that could win this war? Can you marry me?”
“okay.”
It was an out of the blue question, but with Sirone’s resolve, nothing was impossible.
“I will do anything. Of course she loves Amy, but nothing else matters to her.”
Seongeum, who had been looking at Sirone with sad eyes, widened the distance with an eye smile.
“That is enough.”
Sirone’s space was deprived, and the voice of Seongeum, who was moving away alone, remained faint.
-hi. Sirone.
“wait!” Seongeum had already left the place.
“damn! What the hell is it?”
Sirone, who spread his wings and went up to the sky, flew towards Yeomra at full speed.
It was slow compared to voice.
“Voice! Where is the voice!”
As I was walking towards Daejeon and shouting, Ahn-chal appeared and blocked my way.
“stop! No one has access!”
“What is this? Does it make sense to win a war and kill a normal person?”
“The princess suggested it! Aren’t you also sacrificing for the world!”
“Even so, don’t commit suicide! The war doesn’t end with Seong-eum’s death!”
Sirone pushed Anchal’s shoulder and passed.
“I’m going to close the psychic realm!”
My steps stopped abruptly.
“??????what?”
“You must know that demons are endlessly produced. However, if the psychic realm is closed, replenishment is impossible.”
“How is that possible?”
“Miss Hwang will unlock the Immortal Function in the equipment developed by the Jincheon Space Agency. It swallows the entire space of hell with the power of etheric waves.”
‘The psychic realm is closed,’ it meant that no matter what evil humans did, the demons could not come over to reality.
‘I can win.’
My heart was pounding.
“for a moment.”
Horrible thoughts flash through my mind.
“What nonsense are you talking about? Then what about voice? Do you know what your voice sounds like?”
“okay. The spirit of the princess… …
Anchal, who lowered his head, gritted his teeth.
“You will wander through a terrible hell.” forever.

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 854 - The Ugly Girl (2).txt
===============================
ugly (2)
Anchal couldn’t hide his emotions.
“I know it is absurd. But what else is there to do besides this? maybe… … Maybe we can turn around.”
It was the first hope.
‘There’s definitely a chance. If you close the psychic realm… … Hell’s army is just too many.’
Sirone was lost in thought.
‘Something that will never be forgiven. This makes Ma stronger. But this
At this time… …
He would forever be trapped in the spirit of the voice.
“Sirone, the quality is different from the one I chose in Kashan’s capital. With this, Ma is sealed forever. Send the princess. You have your fights.” If the Gustav Empire is not defeated, the demons in the central continent cannot be retreated.
‘Amy.’
My family in Tormia would die.
“I’ll go to Seongeum.”
Is there no way you can tolerate it?
“You guys have lost your temper. You don’t just die, you have to be imprisoned in hell forever. Can you do it?”
“okay! I lost my temper!”
Anchal shouted.
“In this situation, being cool is rather crazy. Not everyone is as tough as you. you are crazy! That we are normal!”
Really?
Is it crazy to turn a blind eye to the death of family members and seek the Holy Spirit in the face of the crisis of a loved one?
Anchal grabbed Sirone by the collar.
“Stay still. just… … don’t think anything It will be over soon. After it’s over, you just have to think about it from then on.”
“Leave this.”
Sirone’s eyes narrowed coldly.
“Unless you want to see what’s really crazy.”
Anchal, who shook his shoulders in shock at the death that seemed like his throat was being cut, untied his collar.
“… … Do you really want to go?” Life also bloomed in Anchal.
“I’m going.”
“I am dying because of you. All of humanity will suffer because of you. Because of you, it’s all because of you!”
couldn’t resist
‘The voice choice is the strongest number. Certainly I can’t outperform her better than her.’
Practice ultimate love.
‘The horse is truly beautiful.’
Everyone dreams of such a world, but in the end, what comes back to Sirone is the condemnation of all mankind.
‘me : yes.’
Ironically, it was Nane who emerged from the crossroads of choice without a single ally.
‘What would you have done?’
I felt like I could hear Nane’s answer.
‘Yes, I am right. but… … Tears flowed down Sirone’s cheeks as he raised his head.
‘You can never be wrong.’
It’s not wrong.
Isn’t it because you’re right, not because you’re not wrong, that you’re protecting this world until the end?
“Calm down, Anchal.”
Sirone gritted his teeth and said.
“What more explanation do you want? No matter what philosophy, what belief, what emotion… …
life is gone
“It’s right to seek the voice.”
“I will kill you.”
Anchal removed the blindfold and opened the Majeongan.
“For the Jincheon Empire, you… … Anchal, whose throat was locked, stopped talking.
Red blood flowed down the Majeongan, which emitted an eerie glow.
“Alive??????
A voice leaked out as if squeezed.
“Save me, my poor lady… …
In fact, everyone knows what to do at the crossroads of choice.
Anchal knelt down and sobbed.
“Save the lady. please… … At the same time as the words fell, Sirone’s body turned into a flash of light and flew towards the Great War.
“Amplifier No. 12 unlocked! Space-Time Interceptor Photonics is ready for action!”
A black pillar resembling a coffin placed in the Great Hall.
Wires were connected in all directions, and blue electricity flashed on the walls.
When the door of the pillar called Gwangcheonseong was opened, there was barely enough space for one person to enter.
All the officials in Jincheon were keeping their seats, but no one could make eye contact with Seongeum.
“father.”
Only Jin Kang, the emperor of Jincheon, was looking down at his daughter, who had chosen eternal hell.
“Be sure to win.”
Sitting crookedly and leaning his head, Jin Kang was silent.
‘Let’s not be afraid.’
Everyone knew the devastating outcome, so Seong-eum also moved on coldly without leaving any more emotion.
Upon entering Gwangcheon Castle, the door slammed shut.
When Sungyin fully opens the immortal function, Gwangcheonseong precisely controls the entire space of the planet.
In that state, close the psychic realm and make the distance between Gustav and the Jincheon Empire across the sea zero.
In this way, it was a strategy for Jincheon’s forces to raid Gustaf’s capital by land.
“The princess has opened the immortal function.”
Officials of the Jincheon Space Agency heard the signal from Kwangcheonseong and reported it.
‘There’s not even a second of hesitation.’
He was proud of his daughter, and for the first time, Jin Kang’s face showed emotion.
“Lungs, Your Majesty… …
That emotion, his face contorted like a monster, belonged to the most angry man in the world.
‘I’ll give you the bone without leaving a single one.’
Kill, kill, and kill again.
He would continue to send the terrible corpses of demons to his daughter, who would be wandering in hell forever.
“Spirit level rises! 60%! 7 do!”
While the report continued, the door to Daejeon was slammed and Sirone entered.
“Voice??????!”
In the eyes of Sirone, who looked around in an instant, the voice was not visible, but a black coffin was standing there.
“damn!”
It wouldn’t be too late.
At that time, Sirone, who had rushed into Gwangcheon Castle, was about to put her hand on the pillar and give it strength.
“What are you doing!”
Jin Kang yelled out loud.
At the same time, Jincheon’s general, Oh Ryongjang, who had lost his voice, surrounded Sirone with their own weapons.
“Back off. No matter what, I have no choice but to kill you.”
Sirone glared at Jinjiang.
“Stop it. please. Don’t do anything you will regret for the rest of your life.”
The words were short because time was running out, but the emotions contained were so huge.
“You will regret it.”
Jin Kang rose from his seat.
“I, and Seongeum, will regret it right before I die. No, voice cannot die.”
“therefore… …
“So what?”
Jin Kang’s eyes radiated an unusual madness.
“What about regrets? Accept it and you’re done. I, my daughter, will take care of it!”
“it’s crazy.”
“That doesn’t matter either.”
Jin Kang held out his hand.
“Bring out the author.”
Yeo-dal, the captain of the Oryongjang, rushed at Sirone brandishing his weapon, the Great Gong.
‘I don’t even have time.’
I had no choice but to defeat Yeo-Dal in the shortest distance using Time Vibration.
bang!
At that moment, the ceiling collapsed and Lian landed next to Sirone and twisted his back.
“Huh!”
The Daejikdo was drawn horizontally, and the four best masters of Jincheon stepped back at the same time.
Kurrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr
At a height of 3 meters, lines of a date were engraved on the walls on all sides, and dust rose.
It had completely cut through the Great War, but it did not collapse because it was perfectly level.
It was in the form of a ceiling, and with its power and precision, Oh Ryongjang’s fighting spirit was quickly broken.
‘Mach’s knight.’
Sirone shouted.
“Lian!”
“I don’t know what it is, but just do it. I’ll take care of it.”
I don’t know what happened, but if it was Sirone’s choice, there was no doubt.
“Immortal function unlock is complete!” The moment the Jincheon Space Bureau staff shouted, Sirone approached Kwangcheonseong and shouted.
“Voice! wait! no!”
There was a hum, and the roar of the light celestial body diminished.
The officials turned their heads with a surprised expression, and Jin Kang’s face also had a reason.
“Last name, voice… …
At the time Sirone spoke, blue light emanated from the completely sealed mineral spring.
“no!”
An official from the Jincheon Space Agency shouted.
“Start Gwangcheonseong operation! I will seal the psychic realm and connect the realms of Gustav and Jincheon!”
“miss… …
Anchal, who came running late, knelt down, and Oh Ryongjang also lowered his head with a sorrowful face.
“I will not forget the sacrifice of the princess.”
Ryan shouted.
“Sirone! Are you done?”
Of course not.
“I’ll be back!”
If you fully open the immortal function, you will never be able to return to reality… … .
‘I can’t let it go like this!’
Sirone was an infinite wizard.
As the light of Yahweh spread, the spirit of Sirone expanded into an infinite realm.
The feeling of intertwining information was enormous, but Sirone did not miss the voice.
‘Hey there!’
Since it is the state of the mental body, there is no criterion for specifying Pia.
However, to express it in Sirone’s feeling, it was clear that he was holding the hand of Seong-eum, who was heading to the other world.
“don’t go.”
At the entrance where the flames of hell were blazing, Sungyin slowly turned around.
“You came, Sirone. It is you.”
“There is no need for this. No matter how hellish the world is, it is wrong for someone to become like this.”
Seongwoo shook his head.
“It’s already late. I am not an infinite wizard. and… … I have no intention of going back.”
“I won’t let go.”
Sirone held Seongeum’s hand even tighter.
“I will definitely take you.”
It’s just a feeling that’s happening on a mental level, but the voice sounds like it’s smiling.
“You and me, and me.”
The 3 competitors with the highest kars.
“Each of them had convictions worthy of respect. But Sirone, I believe that fulfillment is not everything.”
Sirone’s spirit trembled.
“What are you talking about? do not do that. Let’s go back for a moment. We can go back and talk.”
I feel like I’m holding Seongeum’s hand, but I don’t actually hold anything.
“I hope you don’t hate me too much. You and he both understand the world better than anyone else.”
“okay. I will when you come back If I send you away like this, those who remain will not be able to live.”
“it is not so.”
As long as hell cannot be eliminated, Buddha and Yahweh will be at odds forever.
“When the three of us drink tea and chat… …
The voice’s spirit began to fade.
“… … There was a time when I thought it would be nice.” Sirone desperately grabbed it.
“wait. please.”
Decomposed to such a degree that it could no longer be dismantled, she escaped from Sirone’s mind.
“No eh eh!”
The last words of the voice were heard.
– I respect you, Sirone.
The innocence of her inability to convey her true feelings to the end made her even more angry.
Shiro, who felt the holy sound that had fallen to hell, concentrated all reason on one point.
“Aaaaaaa!”
Shiro, who came to her senses in the realm of infinity, frowned and bowed.
“Aaaaaaa! Aaaaaa!”
anger.
As the uncontrollable anger exploded, the light of Yahweh surrounding Sirone began to burn black.
“I-that… …
Anchal’s face turned pale.
‘The incarnation of Yahweh is disappearing.’
Clearly human emotions, especially anger, are all that make up Sirone.
“… … What about the psychic realm?” It was a low voice, but the Jincheon Space Bureau official was terrified to the point of dizziness.
“Close, it’s closing.”
“Let’s go, Lian.”
Lian put the large straight sword over his shoulder and asked.
“Where’?”
“Gustav.”
Sirone’s eyes glared at the front terribly.
“I will kill them all.”
The air in the hall froze at the words of the ruthless wizard who had lost his fraternity.
The moment they encountered that cold energy, there was only one image that came to everyone’s mind.
‘ monster.’
Contrary to expectations, it was not violent.
‘I’m waiting.’
As if he was happy that the prison door was open, he was smiling coldly at the world.

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 855 - The Ugly Girl (3).txt
===============================
ugly (3)
Jincheon’s 200,000 elite troops glared at the Gustav Empire, which stood across the huge border.
‘I can’t believe this is really possible.’
The two empires connected through the spatial distortion of the light celestiality could be said to be the height of magic.
‘Princess… …
Rumors spread to the Jincheon army.
Everyone knew that Seong-eum sacrificed himself to create the present opportunity.
‘I’m not afraid of death either.’
The reason the demons can fight without sparing themselves is because they are reborn in the fire of hell.
But now it was blocked by the voice.
And her sacrifice beyond death raised the morale of the Jincheon army to the realm of the demons.
Lian did not belong to any unit and stayed by Sirone’s side.
‘It will be a battle that will mark a stroke in history.’
This is because from now on, the number of all demons to be killed will be fixed as objective power.
‘But Sirone?????
Lian looked at Sirone, who was glaring at Gustav with murderous eyes.
‘Are you really going to be okay?’
The person Rian is looking at now is not Yahweh who saves the world, but a sorcerer with a vengeful spirit.
His anger was cold like a wizard, but he couldn’t be 100% rational.
“let’s go.”
Before Jincheon’s general, Oh Ryongjang, could give orders, Sirone crossed the border alone.
One step to jump over the whole huge sea.
Lian followed after Sirone, who cast teleportation and stretched out coolly.
“Whoa! Whoa!”
The appearance of rushing with the law of Maha was the same speed as flying in the sky.
Oh Ryongjang, who watched the two disappear in an instant, gave instructions to the troops.
“All troops sortie!”
With a huge shout, an army of 200,000 invaded the Gustav Empire.
“Sirone! too fast!”
Rian, who caught up with the speed matching the connection of teleportation, turned to Sirone and shouted.
“damn!”
He didn’t expect an answer, but the moment he saw Sirone’s expression, Lian was convinced.
‘It’s not Sirone.’
To be precise, it was as if two sirones with two different personalities were overlapping each other.
Yahweh who practices love for all things.
What a human being had to accept to contain that impossible state was anger that knew no bounds.
‘Schizophrenia.’
It may not be a pathological symptom, but Yahweh cannot be lost unless the one mind splits into two.
‘see.’
From the point where Gustav’s imperial castle, Marsak, was left 100 kilometers away, the demon tribe’s army was spread out.
The demon scout who discovered Sirone and Lian fell to the unit in a parabolic arc.
And after a while, the demon army began to spread like a huge ice cube boiling in one second.
4 I…
Another voice of her own was heard in Sirone’s head, who had her eyes on the enemies.
‘I wanted to become a wizard.’
think you worked hard
‘Because it was something I liked and I was happy.’
Of course, I had the thought that I would succeed as a wizard and make money, and I didn’t want to make my family suffer any more.
‘I’m a human too.’
But I knew what was really important.
‘Purity.’
magic itself.
Other than the thought of wanting to be the best at what I love, I had no desires.
‘But when I came out to the world… … Rather than being good at magic, just breathing and living was the most difficult.
Things to be responsible for, things to handle.
A lot of cards to choose from, but none of them can be discarded.
‘The only thing I can throw away is.’
I was myself.
‘No matter how hard it is.’
Seriously, out of all the cards I had, I was the only one I could discard.
‘I just need to be patient.’
Responsibilities are endlessly piled on my shoulders, and the things I have to handle grow like a mountain… … .
‘I came to my senses at some point.’ It means that I am carrying all mankind.
“Sirone! Get ready!”
When the demons reached 100 meters in front, Lian shouted, but Shirone did not respond.
“Sirone!”
Casting teleportation, he was only moving forward.
‘I hope no one is having a hard time.’ Of course, the world is full of people I hate, but I want them to be happy too.
I’m serious.
‘I wonder where the bomb rotation started.’
Why couldn’t I beat you?
To be honest, deep down in my heart, I think I desperately wanted it.
‘If this is the case, I’d rather end it all.’ let’s blow it up
‘There is nothing to be ashamed of. Stop when the world closes If everything disappears, nothing is difficult. Yes, it ends here.’ it’s over
“Sirone!”
At the same time as Rian shouted, Shirone’s face crumpled terribly.
“Aaaaaaa!”
The sphere of light that floated in his right hand vibrated terribly and emitted white light.
“die! human!”
The face of the demons aiming at the spear and flying into it was invisible to Sirone’s eyes.
Just a feeling, a certain feeling.
“Aaaaaaaaaaa!”
I want to destroy it right now, it’s terrible
Hateful feeling.
‘Purity?’
The original intention of philanthropy has disappeared somewhere.
‘It’s like being in the middle of the universe.’
The planet I came from looks as small as a star, so I doubt that it is really my starting point.
‘Because I even lost my direction.’
All I have left is the weak inertia of the first step I would have taken from where I started.
‘I can’t do anything.’
You can only hope that inertia will take you safely to your destination.
outside.
The moment a flash of light hit the demon, an explosion occurred that blew away a radius of several tens of meters.
“this… …
Receiving the shock wave, Lian stopped walking and hurriedly raised her arms to cover her face.
“explosion?”
Photon Cannons are not bombs.
‘It’s like it fell in the middle of the sea.’
If I don’t push the water out, I’ll drown, but there’s no one to help me.
‘You know what’s really scary?’ that you are alone
The fact that no one was there was so obvious that there was not even a voice asking for help.
‘If you know there’s no one… … Even the expression doesn’t change.
Neither the frightened face nor the screams are meaningless.
Just struggling quietly in the silence.
The pupils are dilated, the face is frozen, but the mind is strangely clear.
‘Struggling to try something… …
it was Yahweh
Balls of fire rose from all directions, as if space were melting.
“Kuaaaaa!”
Hundreds of photon cannons per second.
However, the difference from before was that the photon cannon’s flash caused an explosion before reaching the target.
‘ light’?’
In the magical world, there is no way to distinguish the speed of light, which is divided into four categories, with human eyes.
However, Rian felt that Sirone’s photon cannon was closer to the light than before.
“Aaaaaaa!”
Every time a shout erupted from the weak wizard’s body, the demons were burning up.
Another photon cannon floated in Sirone’s hand.
‘die!’
The speed at which a flash with mass extends beyond quasi-light speed and reaches sub-light speed.
‘die!’
Compared to the speed of the photon cannon, the particles in the atmosphere were as if they were still.
Aaaaaang!
There were no demons standing still in the place where the entire area melted due to the high fever.
Realizing how dangerous the sub-light photon cannon was, Lian gritted his teeth.
‘It’s not magic that you cast while assuming a target.’
If it was literally a way to hit the entire space, even the civilians in the imperial castle could not be an exception.
‘damn!’
Lian left Shirone killing the demons and flew to Gustav’s imperial castle.
‘Sirone, will you really regret it?’ If you’re not going to live mad forever, shouldn’t you avoid the worst kind of life-threatening situation?
‘I don’t regret it.’
Even though he ruthlessly trampled on the endlessly invading demon army, his heart did not waver.
‘I will end this war.’
Everything is in a mess, and now I can’t guess the location even with my five senses.
‘I’m feeling it.’
As much as the emotion of the moment he took the first step, it was still shining deep in his heart.
‘I’m going back.’
When this terrible war is over, you will be able to return to the place of your innocence.
“Ataraxia.”
Hexagonal.
After passing through the colorful magic circle, Shirone’s mental power expanded as if it would explode.
Recalling the number of demons perishing per unit area, Sirone felt thrilled.
‘Asmodians are decreasing.’
kill and die
The fact that it can no longer be replenished is the core hope that Sacred Sound has brought to this world.
“Huh…
Sirone’s face cries when he recalls the voice
turned into a prize
“what’s this.”
Does this sound come back?
“What is this? Aaaaaa!”
The moment when the width of the light that spread out with a rage broke through 200 meters in diameter.
Woooooooooooooooooooooooooh!
An explosion occurred in a radius of several kilometers.
Imperial Marsak.
“Commander! 200,000 troops of the Jincheon Empire are running towards the capital!”
“what?”
August Guy, the first commander of Gustav and Lian’s older brother, wrinkled his brow.
“What nonsense are you talking about? The army of hell is occupying the sea of Jincheon, but how… …
Gai stopped talking and was lost in thought.
‘It is meaningless to investigate the cause of what has already happened.’
He immediately changed his expression and took the report brought by the messenger and read it.
“Is it spatial manipulation?”
But how?
Although he was not well versed in magic, he had never heard of a wizard who manipulated space to the extent that the sea collapsed.
‘Genuine sound.’
If possible, there would be only her.
“How long does it take to get to the capital?”
“If you mobilize all the forces of hell, you can keep them locked up for at least 3 days.”
The Hell’s army in Gustav’s capital reached 50% of the total force.
Above all, it was a great strength that there were a large number of corps commanders who could open the Pandemonium.
“good. I will send a telegram to His Majesty. Fight all-out war until the general military orders come down.”
“Urgent! It’s urgent!”
A second herald rushed in.
“A man presumed to be a wizard is approaching while annihilating the troops of the demon tribe before the Jincheon army.”
“Wizard? How many are there?”
“that… … According to reports, there is only one.”
Guy’s eyes lit up.
‘It’s that guy.’
Yahweh.
If it was the army of the Jincheon Empire, they would have to come up with countermeasures with the army commanders since Yahweh came.
“Okay, now… … Just as Guy was about to turn around, a third messenger came in.
“Report! One swordsman is approaching the imperial castle, surpassing the demon army.”
“Are you a prosecutor this time?”
“It’s not hitting too hard yet, but it has the fastest approach. At this rate, we will arrive in an hour.”
It was clear that he was not an ordinary person just by jumping over the army of hell.
“Hoo? who?”
“that is??????
The messenger sent over what was written in the report.
You paused for a moment.
“Knight of Mach.”
Guy’s eyebrows twitched.
“This is a man named Ogent Lian.” Gai’s expression did not change even after the report had fallen.
“Hmm.”
After wandering around the civil war, lost in thought for a while, he stopped and looked up.
“Here you come, my brother.”
Gai’s eyes, which had been shimmering with madness, were filled with friendly feelings for a moment.

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 856 - The Ugly Girl (4) 1.txt
===============================
ugly (4)
The Valkyrie units that were defending the borders of Jive, Molton, and Bornai all retreated.
While the army of Hell moved south, Harbitz took a walk through the ruined Kingdom of Jive.
Natasha escorting him asked.
“There are only corpses, what are you doing here? Going to the battlefield would be much more fun.” The Balkans have already led the army of Hell to the south.
“I wouldn’t have died.”
Harvits added.
“I have to kill you.”
Natasha tilted her head with a cute face like a doll.
“Havitz is cruel.”
Now that the army of hell had left this place, the survivors must have felt hope for life.
“Can’t we just leave it alone? You are pitiful.”
It wasn’t a voice full of emotion.
“Natasha, you are so strange.” As Harvits moved her steps, Natasha followed her with a precise stride.
“I’m weird?”
“Vulcan, Sumodo, Zeta. They’re all funny guys, but you’re a little different. What should I say?”
Harvits turned to her.
“You seem like a nice person.”
Should I call him a hoin?
“Your heart is also weak. Didn’t you take revenge on the assailants who broke your back?”
Natasha propped up her head with both hands.
“What do you do with revenge? It’s not like I can dance again.” she emphasized, raising her index finger. “And I’m never a good person
there! How many humans have I killed so far?”
“That’s right.”
Harvits tapped the bodies with his foot to see if there were any survivors left.
“That is why it is strange. You are killing countless humans… …
A man was lying under a wooden plank.
“On the other hand, if you were on the human side, everyone would have liked you. And he must have saved many people against me.” That’s what it feels like.
“Hmm.”
Natasha frowned in thought.
“What does that matter? Anyway, I’m going with you. And I have no intention of joining the other side.”
Havitz said, removing the wooden planks.
“I also enjoy playing with you. All I’m saying is, you can do whatever you want.”
“I am doing that.”
After the conversation, Havitz looked down at the man lying on the cold floor.
“wake up.”
Like a lie, the man’s body wriggled.
“Sal, please save me.”
Harbitz pulled out the longsword from his waist and immediately thrust it straight into the man’s heart.
“Gagging!”
And looked into the dying man’s eyes.
‘Resignation. regret. resentment.’
The eyes that seemed to integrate a person’s life into one.
‘come.’
At the end of those eyes, an inexplicable feeling flared up for a split second.
‘What is it?’
It was as if he was seeing the evaporation of life itself, something never seen in the eyes of a dead corpse.
Natasha asked.
“Why are you obsessed with that?”
“I’m just curious. I don’t get tired of watching it over and over again. It’s like an addiction. That’s why I keep killing.”
Natasha wasn’t particularly interested.
“If you want to kill more, let’s go somewhere else. I don’t think there are many survivors here.”
“Then go to the village… …
Where Havitz’s finger pointed, instead of the village, there were people’s figures.
When Natasha turned her head, more than 100 people were already surrounding her.
Those equipped with strange mechanisms, those wearing robes like wizards, and swarthy ones taking off their tops.
It was a community of immortals.
The sun had fallen and the son-in-law was gloomy, but each prayer seemed to burn like the sun.
Three men and women walked out through the crowd of Eternals.
“what’s the matter? what’s the matter?”
He was clearly a different being from the other 100 people.
‘It’s a peculiar feeling.’
Natasha’s point was not wrong in that she was an executive of the Ten Commandments who had lived for over 10,000 years.
Banishing, a Norse nihilist and ranked 5th in the Order of the Ten, asked, holding out a huge brush hanging from his back.
“What are you guys? Jive must have been destroyed already, so why are you hanging around here?”
“You don’t have to listen. Because I can take a look.”
Osirante, a woman from the Mecca tribe and ranked 8th in the Order of the Ten Commandments, saw an egg-sized drone.
Through augmented reality, Havitz’s information surfaced.
“what? This guy, Gustav’s emperor.”
“Hoo?”
Kergo warrior, 6th rank of the Ten Commandments, this Tohka held up a thick sword.
“Emperor?”
Natasha’s eyes lit up at the thorns of a hedgehog emanating from his body.
‘It’s strong.’
Body Engineer Itoka.
With a sword, he was the strongest warrior in Kergo who was said to surpass the ninth-ranked Baknyeo.
“It would make a nice booty. I never thought I would come to find a Buddha and meet such a big man.”
After Ankera disappeared, the leaders of the Tenrokai scattered all over the world.
Then, it was the current executives who gathered their will to find Nane and raise the world again.
Vanishing, the team leader, looked over the horizon.
‘It’s not easy to find since he’s with Shura. I’m good at hiding from weak subjects.’
Havitz asked, twitching his mustache.
“Are you our enemies?”
Mecha technologist, Osirante, answered.
all.
“Emperor Gustav is the atrocity of the era. Not really an enemy, but not an ally either.”
“Then can’t I just let it go?” The Eternals burst into laughter.
“Puhahaha! what? I expected it because I was the head of hell, but if there are no demons, it’s nothing, right?”
Harvits was calm.
“I don’t want to fight for a while. I want to kill those who have lost their will to fight.”
I wanted to look into the last spark of life more.
“Is that so, you son of a bitch?” He was not a pacifist, but even to the Eternals, Havitz’s misdeeds were repulsive.
“Hasn’t it been fun killing and killing all this time? Let’s see if you can enjoy it even though you’re being beaten.”
Harvits turned around.
“Natasha.”
“huh?”
“I will go first. This is annoying.” Natasha nodded her head.
“huh. Go first.”
The Eternals drew their weapons.
“Are you going to run away from your colleagues? Now that I see him, he’s not the head of hell, he’s a scumbag.” Accusations poured in, but Havitz did not answer, and Natasha came into their sight.
“The Shinigami’s martial arts.”
Natasha, who moved to her seat, lifted her arms and bent her knees inward.
Just before her knees hit the ground, the skeleton incarnation floated 10 meters high and connected steel wires to her limbs.
“Incarnation?”
It’s a high level, but basically it was the same as basic knowledge for the Eternals who lived more than 1,000 years.
“There is no need to waste time. kill.”
At the same time as the Kergo warriors fluttered, a cool light appeared in Natasha’s eyes.
Shinigami’s martial arts – a killing machine.
An afterimage of a doll dancing madly. “Aaaaaaa!”
Ignoring all the sounds that seemed like the world was going to end, Havitz just walked towards the village.
And finally, all sounds died away.
“Gagging!”
As Natasha’s fist pierced the pit of the stomach, blood flowed back from O Sirante’s mouth.
With that, the battle ends.
It took less than 4 minutes from start to finish.
‘What the… …
The augmented reality data transmitted by the drone a while ago flickered in Osirante’s retina.
Not having the opportunity to analyze Natasha’s physical abilities was more regrettable than death.
‘Isn’t God crazy?’
How do you make something like this?
Obviously, it must be a creature created by a god madly, or not created by a god.
‘In my opinion… …
Undecided, Osirante collapsed on the cold floor like the others.
“Whoa.”
Natasha wiped the sweat from her forehead with the back of her hand.
It was a short battle, but a radius of several hundred meters was turned into a mess as if it had been bombed.
“They are great guys.”
Judging from Natasha’s experience, they were among the best in the world today.
‘That’s why I go when Habitz tells me to go.’
Excitement was everything.
“Havitz.”
Bouncing up like a spring on her foot, she caught up with Havitz.
“it’s over?”
“huh. Killed them all.”
In Havitz’s head, the only being defined as ‘strong’ was Natasha.
“I guess you weren’t happy.”
“What’s the fun of fighting? It’s hard and annoying. At least I can dance.”
Was the act of killing the three strongest people in the world nothing more than dancing under the moonlight for me, Tasha?
“Then when are you happy?” Natasha, lost in her thoughts as she gazed at the full moon, turned her head to Havitz.
“How about Harvits? Are you glad I killed them?”
“It’s fun. Winning is fun.” Natasha smiled contentedly.
“Then I’m happy too.”
Harvits blinked.
“You are such a strange child.”
All of Gustav’s four skills were strange, but Natasha’s temperament was a little different.
It must be because, unlike the other friends, there is no particular reason for her to be ‘Havitz’.
“It’s all burned here too.”
The two entered the village and looked around at the scene that had already turned into ruins.
Havitz, who was excited about killing the survivors, saw a moment of disappointment in his eyes.
“You are doing too much. No matter how many of my subordinates you kill all of them without leaving one.”
Shouldn’t we leave something to enjoy?
Just as I was thinking about that, I heard the cry of a newborn child wafting through the night air.
‘Survivors!’
The two met eyes and ran to an old shack that was almost collapsing.
“Did only the child live?”
As Harvits spoke, the crying of the child in the shack stopped.
“Hmm.”
Harvitz pushed his foot under the door, and the smell of rot stung his nostrils as it opened.
Under the moonlight streaming down through the shingle roof, a fat woman was breastfeeding her baby. The ragged teeth of her snub-nosed protruded out of her lips, and her eyes were her face slit.
“Are you here to kill me?”
Harvits went into the house.
“okay.”
“wait. Feed the baby some milk.”
Harvits waited.
A woman breastfeeding her baby raised her head.
“And if you kill me, you will take this child and raise it. Otherwise, you will starve to death.”
Harvits examined the child’s face.
“Is it your child?”
≪Uh huh?
“My father?”
“I don’t know. This is a very poor village. I sold my body to the mercenaries for a piece of bread. One of them must be Abbie. Is he dead or alive… …
“You eat well.”
Harvits put the sword down on the floor and crawled to the child the woman was carrying.
The breath of the child sucking desperately sounded like it was out of breath.
“Is it that delicious?”
The woman asked as she watched Havitz eat without blinking.
“Would you like to try it too?”
Harvits’ gaze went up.
” me too?”
“Because I have two breasts. If you want to eat, eat. Give me some bread instead. Do you have any bread?”
Harvits nodded.
As I waited on my stomach like an animal, the woman turned her hips and pushed the other breast out to Havitz.
“ruler. Come this way.”
Havitz, who was staring at the fetid woman’s breasts, pursed his lips and closed his eyes.
side. side.
As the sucking sound intensified, Havitz’s eyelids began to quiver.
‘life.’
It is connected.
side. side.
Natasha watched in silence as the two children were buried in the woman’s breasts.

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 857 - Singularity (1).txt
===============================
Singularity (1)
how much time has passed
The woman who was breastfeeding said while gently pushing Havitz’s shoulder.
“it hurts. Stop eating now.”
Habitz slowly opened his mouth, and his face was covered with cold sweat.
“ha.”
The taste of breast milk was sweet and fishy, but Havitz’s head was completely empty.
Rest is the main thing that fills the 10-minute blank that is not even in my memory.
is thrilled.
‘This is the beginning.’
A woman’s breast milk seemed to contain every kind of pleasure created by man.
“Do you want to be a baby?”
At the woman’s question, Habitz raised his head.
‘What do you want to become?’
The world gives him many names, but in reality, he has no defined ego in his head.
Only the messy thoughts and the occasional bursts of pleasure in the variation of those thoughts are all.
“Aye. Aye.”
Harvits let out a baby’s cry.
The appearance of acting innocence with a dry face gave me goosebumps in that it was the height of pretense.
‘This is chaos.’
It’s like an aborted baby.
A vague form of living as a child in the memory of parents, even though they were never born in reality.
‘The point at which all kinds of contradictions are compressed without being resolved.’
Natasha understood Havitz.
‘If I amplify the agony of the moment when I discovered that my two children were drowning, would it become Habits?’ and now awakened
“Aye. Aye.”
Realizing that he couldn’t be anything, Havitz defined himself by himself.
‘I am Satan.’
? ? ?
A village 17 kilometers from Harvits.
In the village that was first swept by demons and plundered by thieves, the breaths of those waiting for death could be heard.
“Huh.”
A woman with her left leg cut off and bleeding profusely was crawling on the floor.
“baby.”
Where she reached out lay a child who had been pierced by an arrow.
“Mom, it hurts.”
Tears welled up in the woman’s eyes, and there were me and Shura watching the gruesome sight.
“It’s okay, sweetie.”
stroking the child’s head, she said.
“If you die… …
I gritted my teeth and tried to hold back the sadness, but I couldn’t contain the misery.
“You will be fine when you die.”
As Nane pressed her lips together, a woman’s heart-rending screams rang out.
“Aaaaaa! Aaaaaa!”
The woman who screamed next to her dying child eventually died of excessive blood loss.
Nane gently closed her eyes and put her palms together.
“May you live in paradise.”
said Shura.
“Stop going back. It’s not even about fighting demons.”
I was puzzled when Nane, who had been hiding in the mountains for training, suddenly asked to go out into the world.
“no. There is nothing left to do by sitting still. Let’s look around the world a little more.”
“What are you guys?”
A huge shadow approached from the black darkness.
They were demons who broke away from the group during the war, and each of them was injured.
Shura got ready to fight.
“Back off, if you don’t want to die.”
“Cheuk, that’s ridiculous. Do you think we will be scared if the psychic realm is closed?”
you asked
“The psychic realm… … closed?”
Since it had only been a day, Nane hadn’t heard rumors about the sacred sound.
“You don’t need to know any of these things. It is our job to quietly become the object of our anger.”
Nane had no interest in demons.
“The psychic realm is closed.”
Even when the altar was opened, it was thought that humans would easily be swept away by the Great Purification.
‘Humans are strong.’
It was true that he was beaten by Gaold, but it was true that he took the world too lightly.
“Go back. From now on, do not commit evil deeds and live in repentance.”
The demons looked at each other.
“Puhahaha! What are you talking about? Aren’t you crazy?”
“Don’t do evil to the demons? Some insignificant man preaches to us…”
The faces of the demons froze at the same time.
“A Susanin”
—) — O V2 ?
Turning around with a pale face, Shura saw a haze of light burning from Nane’s body.
“Boo, Buddha… …
It’s not something I didn’t realize.
It was Nane who could become a Buddha again at any time and destroy the world if he wanted to.
“I told you to go back.”
At the same time as Nane’s eyes opened wide, the demons scattered in all directions without even time to scream.
As the enemies disappeared, the energy that seemed to tear the world apart disappeared like a lie.
“Master, why are you holding back?”
“It is not yet time.”
Realizing it doesn’t mean the world will change.
“Sirone, a philanthropist who loves and sympathizes with even the demons. I want to know a little more about his thoughts.”
If the Buddha’s point of view is not shaken even when he sees the world from the level of benevolence.
‘It truly becomes the right thing.’
Nane turned to Shura and said.
“One extreme cannot support the whole. Sirone must be thinking the same thing as me.”
All those who asserted themselves in their respective extremes were passing through a singularity.
‘After going around like that… … Whatever it is, it will end.
The morning sun has risen.
Jincheon’s troops, who entered Gusta Pro through space distortion in Gwangcheonseong, were devastated at the scenery unfolding in front of them.
“What the hell is this… …
The corpses of demons were piled up everywhere you could see.
“Has there been a disaster?”
All the buildings were in a state of collapse as if a natural disaster had swept through them.
“It is the power of Yahweh. Maybe it was something we didn’t even have to do.”
Oh Ryongjang realized something new.
‘The princess.’
Seongeum’s sacrifice boosted Jincheon’s morale, but what she really wanted to rely on was Sirone.
‘So I spent the day with him… … My eyes were red with tears.
“No, we can’t stay like this either. This place was created by the noblest person in Jincheon. We will definitely win.”
Jincheon’s army again moved toward the capital.
From far away on the horizon, the screams of demons came over like a shower.
Sirone didn’t run anymore.
‘If I had closed the world… … Seongeum would have fallen into hell and not have to suffer forever.
‘I can stand it… …
I thought others would be able to tolerate it.
‘I am the only one who knows no pain.’
If the world is saved with the spirit of philanthropy, everyone will be happy, but Seongeum cannot return.
‘Destroy.’
Waves of light that seemed blinding spread endlessly around Sirone, who was moving her steps.
The god particles that reached the sub-light speed level swept away everything around them.
“Aaaaaa! Run away!”
The demons occupying Pamelion, a city near the capital, were scattered in all directions.
They regarded Yahweh seriously, but now they were screaming in fear in front of Sirone.
“escape! do… …
Time slows down as if it has almost stopped.
“net… … hit… …
Behind the backs of the demons that filled the landscape, particles of light were inserted into infinity.
Before the explosion even occurred, the body of the giant was scattered like dust, followed by a shock wave.
Cuckoo Cuckoo Cuckoo!
As if a flood had broken out, light was filling every corner of the street and sweeping away everything.
“Oh, that’s scary.”
In a situation where no one could look back, there was only one person watching Sirone.
Her jet-black hair hung down to her waist, and her face was as pure as an angel.
It was Merania, the commander of the 2nd Army of Hell.
“Yahweh is very angry.”
Even the particles of light rushing at an unresponsive speed could not get anywhere near her.
“What should I do, Commander? Are we all going to die like this?”
A low-ranking demon with no title stood close to her.
“Leave it alone. When a purebred gets angry, you have to calm him down until he calms down.”
That’s why I thought it was meaningful even though 10 million demons died.
“What if you still can’t get angry?”
Even in Merania’s thoughts, Sirone’s anger was so terrifying that the world would end.
“What then… …
Her lips lifted slightly.
“I have to go and pray.”
“Run quickly!”
Lian, who surrounded the imperial castle Marsak, cut down the demons and evacuated the people.
‘Sirone won’t mind humans.’
You cannot give up Yahweh without that level of determination.
‘I don’t mean to trivialize life.’ It was because death rather became a rest compared to Seongeum, who was imprisoned in eternal hell.
“Go! hurry!”
As Lian cut down the demons, the civilians living in the capital screamed and ran away.
‘There are too many people.’
They stayed up all night and had already fought for more than 12 hours, but there were still many who had not left.
Aaaaaang!
In the battlefield where all kinds of screams were flying, a particularly annoying explosion was heard.
There was a large black-haired figure standing where Lian turned his head at the sound that was obviously meant to draw attention.
The madness of the man with the bizarre smile made Lian’s breath choke.
“brother?”
Although the solid appearance of the past had disappeared, the unique impression of Ogent was still there.
“It’s been a while, Rian.”
eldest son, Ogent Guy.
Lian, facing his eldest brother, whom he had not even heard from since he left home a long time ago, gave a big sword.
“Brother… … How are you here?” Sirone didn’t talk about Guy.
“As you can see, I got ahead.”
Just when Rian couldn’t understand the situation properly, demons attacked Gai from behind.
“There! porridge… … !”
Dozens of demons were split in two by Guy’s single sword that he swung without looking back.
‘An amazing quick sword.’
Ogent’s sword style is honest, and even Rai, who is called a technical genius, does not leave a turbid taste when cutting.
However, Gai’s blow had a violent temperament added to it, as if it had been cut with a saw rather than a sword.
“How did that happen? Have you been living here as a spy all this time?”
“Are you a spy?”
Guy shrugged his arms.
“As you can see, I am Commander-in-Chief Gustav. Hell’s army is beyond my control.” Gai strode toward Lian, who had a confused expression on his face.
“How is your family?”
I couldn’t answer.
“Is Grandpa in good health? Laiya is such a proud guy, and Rayna and Gogeun are so strong that they can get married.”
“Brother, I… …
Before he could finish his words, Gai approached and raised his sword high and slammed it into the ground.
“My cute youngest.”
Then he opened his arms and hugged Lian roughly, rubbing his shaggy cheek.
“I missed you.”
It was a family.
“brother.”
Lian dropped the big sword and hugged Guy.
“I missed you too. How the hell did this happen? come back with me My family is also waiting.”
Guy grabbed Lian’s shoulder and let go.
“You grew up decent. In the past, my back couldn’t even come, but now it’s like me.”
Ryan spoke again with a desperate expression.
“Brother, let’s go back.”
Guy smiled and shook his head.
“I can’t.”
“why? Why not? Whatever my brother did, the family can handle it together.”
“It’s not because of guilt. If it had been there, I wouldn’t have come this far.”
“Then what is it?”
“The ultimate sword. I gave up everything to get there. And Ryan… …
Life bloomed from Gai’s body.
“Neither do you.”
Gai grabbed the sword stuck in the ground and swung it at Lian’s neck.
‘I’m serious.’
Leaning his upper body down, as soon as he picked up the large sword that had fallen to the ground, he swung it upward.
“Oops.”
Gai opened the distance and said with a smile.
“It is a good response. all right No matter how much hyung, if you read life, you should come out like that.”
“I am also a knight. I have no choice but to fight like this.”
“know. Mach’s Knight. It was very strong.”
The moment Lian watched with his mouth shut, the scenery surrounding Gai distorted.
“This?… ”
“Yes, immature little brother.”
Gai said, raising his mad eyes.
“You are not the only one who has the lineage of August Smille.”

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 858 - Singularity (2).txt
===============================
Singularity (2)
“what?”
Ryan’s expression became serious.
Apparently, the reason why Rian awakened was because the genes of Ogent and Smille were inherited.
‘Hyung too??????
Further up, my grandfather, Ogent Klump, brought the Idea out of his mind.
Gai raised one corner of his mouth.
“You didn’t think you were the chosen one, did you?”
“at all. but… …
It was not something anyone could reach just because memories remained in their genes.
Idea, the ultimate of divine transcendence.
“How far have you gone?”
“well. You can tell by looking at it yourself.”
Lian looked up at the thick smoke rising from beyond the imperial castle, Marsak.
It meant that Sirone had come close enough to the capital, though still far away, to be able to see it with the naked eye.
Lian aimed the great straight sword.
“Finish quickly. I don’t have time.”
“You seem to be mistaken.”
Guy kicked off the ground and charged.
“Your time ends here.”
The moment Gai’s sword struck the great sword, Lian’s right arm was grotesquely twisted.
“The body of the yaksha.”
Functionally speaking, it would be the body wielding the mind.
“You look so easy.”
Guy’s top burst open with a pop, revealing rock-hard muscles.
Wooddeuk. Wooddeuk.
A haze shimmered behind him as if he had become fuel, and his body took the form of a yaksha.
“Aaaaaaa!”
Guy, who had pushed Lian away with great power, delivered an unbelievable series of attacks.
True to the nickname of a berserker, it was only one attack, and Lian could not read the sword’s trajectory.
“Huh!”
As Mach’s blow split the world horizontally, countless afterimages disappeared like illusions.
Gai’s side was cut in half, and blood welled up from both of Rein’s shoulders at the same time.
“Heh. Heh heh heh.” The expressions of the two people watching each other’s wounds regenerate were completely opposite.
“Can I tell you something?”
Gai lowered his sword obliquely and said.
“Just because the Akashic Records restore information doesn’t mean you are immortal.”
Ryan was listening.
“Physics is nothing more than a representation. It’s just a result of being implemented by a signal. When you cut a human, you think that death is because the body is separated, but behind that, the information that makes up the body is manifested.”
it’s called life
“Idea restores information, not the body. So even if you lose your head, you can survive. but… …
Gai lowered his lower body and grabbed the sword in reverse.
“How about cutting information?”
As he swung his sword wide, Gai’s arm exploded and the world split into two.
“Keugh!”
It had already been disintegrated into Gai’s black powder, and Lian, who had no strength to evade, raised his great straight sword to block it.
‘It is not destroyed.’
Of course, 〈Idea〉 remained upright even in the midst of splitting up the information of the world.
However, the vibration that permeated the sword was enough to crush all of Lian’s finger bones.
“Cheak!”
The moment Gai dropped the Daejikdo on the ground, Gai kicked the ground.
“Information is also a physical force.”
Lian looked down at her crumbled palm and gritted her teeth.
‘I can’t recover.’
The information contained in Gai’s sword destroyed Lian’s information recorded in the Akashic Records.
“how is it? Isn’t it cool?”
Lian hurriedly threw himself away, and Gai caught up and cut his body.
“A genius named Ogent.”
Although he escaped dismemberment, Lian’s body was a messed up spear with traces of Gai’s cuts.
‘Is it cool?’
Ryan remembered.
It is not a memory with an image, but in the feeling transmitted through the genes, Ogent… … .
‘It’s not cool at all.’
He was just one man struggling to live.
“Big!”
Breathing is the hardest.
It is the most difficult thing to exhale one more hohom when the borderline of death has already been passed.
‘Move.’
<Idea> flew in front of Lian with both hands hanging down and blocked it.
It vibrated with a huge shock wave, but the Daejik Sword withstood Gai’s power to the end.
said Ryan.
“Did that happen?”
He was always cool-headed and sensible.
“Is that why you went crazy?”
Just because you want to be the best at something like a sword?
“I am the strongest!”
The moment Gai raised his arms again to strike, Lian’s finger bones regenerated.
Grabbing the handle of the great sword with both hands, he rotated his body with great force.
“I’ve given up my beliefs!”
Both the vertical and horizontal swords were fast enough to be undetectable by the human eye.
“Gagging!”
Ryan’s speed was much faster.
Kurrurrurrung!
All the buildings within a huge radius collapsed, and Gai, whose upper and lower body was separated, fell to the ground.
“Tsk tsk, then yes. I wondered if he had grown up a little, but he still couldn’t take off the maknae.”
Guy’s lower body began to regenerate from the waist down.
“What if I only cut the body? You taught me how to kill.”
Lian pointed the straight sword at Guy’s chin.
“Come back. It’s your last chance. I don’t care what my brother did. Live with responsibility for the rest of your life.”
Gai, who returned to his normal body, flung himself away from where Rian was aiming.
“It’s your responsibility… …
And Guy, who was lost in thought, smiled.
“What are you doing these days?”
Just a moment ago, they tried to kill each other like enemies, but Lian responded obediently.
So it was a family.
“article. I am Sirone’s sword. As long as my lord is trying to save the world, he is my enemy.”
“Sirone? Ah, Sirone.”
Oh Dae-seong of the Ivory Tower.
“good. I’ll just let you go today Fighting while hanging around
Embarrassed.”
“Brother go too.”
Guy pointed to the back.
“You don’t have time to worry about me, do you?”
The smoke created by Sirone’s destruction filled the sky.
He knew that his anger would not be relieved by simply massacring tens of millions of demons.
‘damn.’
Ryan said as he looked around town.
“First, I will save people. Brother, don’t do anything, just stay. Talk to you again when this is sorted out.”
“Not fun. Would you go out with a girl if you were serious about everything?”
Ryan turned around.
“… … I mean alive.”
What remained in the place where Lian left was not only the cold air after the death struggle.
“Family.”
Come to think of it, it seems that there is such a thing as a family.
“Run away! Run away!”
In the distance, I could see the splendid and huge walls surrounding the Gustaf capital.
Sirone’s face was pale as she walked from a distance of 100 kilometers while defeating demons.
They fought for more than 24 hours without a break, and the aftermath of the Ataraxian bullet system was truly enormous.
When the wave of light disappeared, the demons scattered in all directions glanced back.
“Are you satisfied now?”
The command given by the corps commanders was ‘Just die’ until Sirone’s anger is resolved.
“Ataraxia… …
Tears of blood flowed from Sirone’s eyes as he floated a huge magic circle.
“Hex bullets.”
The demons’ eyes widened.
“Aaaaaaaaa!”
Once again, an enormous curtain of light spread, and a beam of light at the speed of light blew up everything outside the capital.
And at that point, the death toll of the demons exceeded 200 million, equivalent to 20% of the army of hell.
‘It’s refreshing.’
Feeling the world being purified, Sirone looked up at the sky and sobbed.
‘If only it had been like this from the beginning… …
Wouldn’t the voice be sacrificed?
“What is love?”
what a terrible place
Is she enduring endless pain while being caught in the cruel environment of hell?
‘He’s a strong man. More than anyone I know… …
I remembered the image of Seong-eum boldly accepting the pain with her back straight.
However, the image immediately changed to an imagination of voice screaming and screaming.
“Die!”
Particles of light spread around Sirone, and once again the demons dispersed in smoke in an almost stopped time. The demons watching from the high sky spoke to the 2nd Corps Commander, Merania.
“It was a big deal. I don’t see any signs of letting go. Will this be the end of the world?”
If it went on like this, it was only a matter of time.
“I guess so.”
Merania, who was looking at the ground while lying in the air, twisted the central axis and stood up.
“I guess I have no choice but to go.”
The demons were surprised.
“It’s not possible! Why would the most beautiful and pure of the demons want to go! Aren’t there other corps commanders?”
More than anything, wasn’t it the 2nd place in the ranking?
“What can I do? I don’t know if it’s killing Yahweh, but if it’s the one who gets hurt, I’m the right person.”
her demon world is darkness.
It is impossible to measure how great Yahweh’s anger is, but he was the perfect person to hold out until the anger is resolved.
The demon burst into tears.
“Aww! Miss Merania! It’s not possible!”
“Don’t come. It’s not worth seeing.”
Leaving the demons behind like that, Merania quickly descended to the ground.
Amid the bombardment of light at great speed, she held out her white hand.
As the disk-shaped black curtain rotated, it absorbed all of the Photon Cannons.
“Brigade commander!”
The demons who noticed the change in the situation stopped escaping and gathered at her all at once.
“The corps commander has arrived! It’s half price from now on!”
The moment she opened the Pandemonium, Sirone wouldn’t be able to go as far as she is now.
“What are you?”
Merania’s eyes shook as Sirone, whose mental powers were still amplified, approached.
‘Buddha.’
If the future is fixed, is it an inevitable history that Yahweh became a Buddha at some point?
“Stop your anger. No matter how much we hate it, isn’t this too much? you are original… …
“shut up.”
Sirone opened her eyes and approached.
“Something like a dirty demon.”
The brigade commanders who were guarding Merania’s side crumpled their faces and held out their weapons.
“How dare you call the corps commander… … !”
Merania raised her hand to block it.
“As the psychic realm was closed, the demons lost their hometown. Your anger is not our fault. Why do you take out your anger on us for what she brought on herself?”
“Is that why you feel unfair?”
“Ma is originally like this. Why do you force repentance? It is humans, not us, who must repent.”
Photon Cannon flew.
A black curtain opened reflexively, but it pierced through and hit Merania’s face.
“Brigade commander!”
Merania, who was motionless with her upper body tilted back, slowly returned to her posture.
Blood ran down her beautiful face.
“I will tell you.”
Sirone moved on.
“Whether humans commit evil or not, whether or not demons came from humans… … There is no fraternity.
“You guys repent.”
As the eyes of the demons burned red, Merania spoke before they acted.
“Asmodians do not repent.”
“Then die.”
As Sirone came closer, all the demons prepared to fight with the risk of extinction.
The moment a huge sphere of light rises above Sirone’s head and vibrates terribly.
“Brigade commander!”
Merania knelt down on the floor.
The Demons were shocked to see the second greatest man in Hell being humiliated in a human way.
“Stand up! We will fight!”
Merania raised her head.
“Tease as much as you want, until the anger subsides. I will not refuse any punishment from you.”
Becoming a Buddha must be prevented unconditionally.
Her face was so pure and bright that it touched the heart of the viewer… … .
Sirone just looked down coldly.

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 859 - Singularity (3).txt
===============================
Singularity (3)
Kwangcheonseong was activated at the sacrifice of Seongeum.
Due to the distortion of space, the border between Gustav and Jincheon met, but the sea itself did not disappear.
Fierce battles were still unfolding in the west sea of Jincheon, and demons endlessly rushed to the sandy beach.
“Stop! Just hold on a little!” Their purpose was to buy time until Jincheon’s elite captured Gustav.
In the battle for the survival of the two empires, the overwhelming side was the army of hell.
“Chuck! It’s disgusting to see humans struggling. Aren’t they just like bugs?”
A giant demon with a protruding lower jaw was sitting cross-legged on top of a giant clam.
Mitura, commander of the 8th Corps of the Army of Hell.
The demon world had a tsunami, a huge esophagus that a normal human could not lift.
“You’re leaving! Let’s eat something!” At Mitura’s instructions, the demons who had been assisting came to catch creatures living in the depths of the sea.
“Kyaaak!”
The upper body of a beautiful human and the lower body of a mermaid with a fish-like tail.
“Help me!”
Since they live in an environment where water pressure is unbearable for humans, there are almost no academic reports.
The face of the mermaid crying and praying was pitiful, but to Mitura, it was just food.
“shut up! You can’t miss this delicacy.”
After grabbing the mermaid by the hair and smashing it against the back of the giant clam, he lifted his esophagus.
“please! please!”
He pressed down on the mermaid’s head and slammed his esophagus, breaking the tail.
“Kyaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!”
The upper body struggled in pain and fear, and the separated lower body fluttered in surprise.
“where?… ”
Mitura grabbed the caudal fin and took a bite of the bloody cut.
The cold flesh of the fish melted on your tongue.
“Heuuuu… The mermaid, who was watching her body being eaten right in front of her eyes, passed out with her eyes peeled off.
He wouldn’t live long.
“Are you okay?”
Mitura quickly chewed up half of the tail and swallowed it, threw the rest into the sea and stood up.
“Shall we start soon?”
Even if he didn’t open the Pandemonium, he could have caused a tsunami that would wipe out the sandy beach.
“Whoa!”
The huge radius started to fluctuate, and the seawater began to ascend on the waves.
It’s weak right now, but by the time it reaches land, it should have become a 200-meter-high tsunami.
“Captain! excuse me… … !”
The troops of Jincheon, who were fighting on the sandy beach, lost their will to fight when they saw the tsunami.
“Damn it!”
It was work to cut down the house-sized demons, but now a natural disaster was coming.
“Is it all over?”
If the West Sea is occupied, the Demons of the 8th Corps will wipe out Hwangseong Yeomra in an instant.
“Aaaaaaa!”
At that time, the soldiers, exhausted by the overwhelming force of Mother Nature, scream and run away.
with my daughter
A bell was heard.
daughter and daughter.
The noise of the war was loud, but the soldiers could hear it clearly and softly.
“what?”
Where the commander turned around, there was a neat-looking man holding a fan with his hair tied over the top of his head.
Ivory Tower 3-star Resident Arte.
And on his shoulder was a small red-skinned creature wagging its long tail.
“Over 200 meters? Can you really stop it?”
It was Arte’s satellite Tokay.
“Hey, you’re a demon, aren’t you?”
While the commander looked at him with surprised eyes, Arte moved on.
“200 meters. It is a little difficult.”
Arte raised the fan above his head.
“very little?”
As I fluttered my sleeves and lowered my arms as if dancing, I felt time slowing down.
The scene of water flowing down from the surface of the tidal wave, which built a huge wall, was clearly visible.
“sight.”
Arte’s magic is unique in that it uses differences in air pressure rather than air flow.
As the pressure trough occurred, the atmosphere with a radius as large as a tsunami began to twist at a tremendous speed.
Whoa!
They heard the sound of the world breaking apart, and saw the wide-open sea in the eyes of the shocked and deaf soldiers.
“Hae, Tsunami… …
As if hit by a small typhoon, the water barrier was destroyed, and heavy rain fell like hail.
“Whoa.”
As Arte wrapped up the dance, the refreshing sound of the bell rang again.
The commander who came to his senses asked.
“who are you? what the hell… …
“I came from the ivory tower.”
Arte’s expression was not good.
‘Save lives and make the world better. I have no objection to human ideals, but… …
It was an unprecedented situation for all the stars of the Ivory Tower to join Sirone in an all-out war.
“It can’t be helped.” Tokay’s current situation was also quite interesting.
“The deceased will rot. The only thing left is that a new trend called sirone will change the ivory tower.”
That is why Oh Dae-seong also participated in the war to prove his philosophy again.
“I know.”
The commander approached.
“What should I do now? The tsunami has been prevented, but the second and third waves will come.”
Arte walked towards the sea and picked up a fan.
“The ghost goblin, Arte, is participating in the war against the demons.”
The rapidly rotating pupils in the large eyes, like Tokay’s drops, calculated the element of wind.
“320893. 23091. 3494539. 23 degrees of curvature… …
The target of Arte’s magic was not the army of Hell, but the Gustav Empire across the sea.
“Wind power at least category six or higher. Can you?”
“I told you.”
Arte’s face, which did not show emotion, was crumpled like a ghost.
“You are going to war.”
As the fan passed from right to left, the soldiers felt all the air being pushed out.
“Climate magic, great scenery.”
Kwak Kwah Kwah Kwah Kwah!
A vortex created by a gap in atmospheric pressure sucked in water from the middle of the sea and gushed out.
The wind got stronger, and the demons around them began to be sucked into the whirlpool.
“I-what is that?”
The size of the vortex was growing exponentially, but even that speed was mere dust compared to the results to be completed.
“It’s a typhoon.”
The great landscape would travel over thousands of kilometers and strike Gustav with a size comparable to that of an empire.
Arte raised the fan again.
“Go again. I’ll blow the whole thing away.” The commander gulped as he watched Tokei roll his eyes.
‘Crazy guys. They say they hit across the sea?’
Towards the Gustav Empire, where Sirone and Lian were located, huge storms were flying one after another.
Feeling Sirone’s gaze on the back of her head, Merania became even more sorrowful.
said
“If I can calm your anger, I don’t mind being cut into pieces right here. So please forgive me.”
She didn’t expect this to calm Sirone’s anger.
‘But it will have an effect.’
You can’t feel exhausted when you run amok in rage, but the moment your reason returns, the aftermath is inevitable.
‘I’m thinking about it. That’s enough. There’s no way they’ll be fine since they’ve already destroyed the world for more than a day.’
Merania raised her head.
“Yahweh??????!”
Sirone kicked her in the face.
The wizard’s kick was as light as a feather, but when she turned her head, her eyes were locked in shock.
“Do it in moderation.”
If he had only been thinking about these words, he would not have abandoned Yahweh from the beginning.
“I don’t believe it. no matter what you say No, even if it is true, I will deny it.”
‘Isn’t it okay?’
In the end, Sirone is also a human, so if she continues like this, she will lose her life.
‘But then there is no magic.’ Sirone floated the Photon Cannon in her palm.
“Just die.”
In an imminent situation, an idea quickly passed through Merania’s head.
“It can be reversed!”
“??????what?”
For the first time, Sirone’s expression changed.
“The woman whose psychic realm was sealed is now wandering in Hell. But, she can turn back.”
“Voice… …
The Photon Cannon is gone.
“Can you save it?”
A minor mistake would ruin everything, so Merania told the truth.
“That cannot be predicted. but
If it was to free her from hell, Sirone pulled Merania by the collar.
“say. How?”
“It is to pierce the prison.”
“Shiok.”
It was the 12 apostles who guarded 0.666 seconds of every second.
“The psychic realm is closed, but if we can pass through the unlawful time, we will be able to take her mind out as well.”
“How do I pierce it?” Even Sirone couldn’t recognize Shi-ok.
“Even the corps commander does not know the identity of Shiok.”
There was only the theory that it was the antithesis of the dragon and the 12 apostles who kept time.
“Then it makes no sense.”
When Sirone, unable to control her anger, raised her hand again, Merania hurriedly said,
“But it is clear that they are also following Satan’s orders. And now, here was the winning point.
“A person who has been given the authority of prison is staying in the human imperial castle. You will know when you meet him.”
Sirone looked into Merania’s eyes.
It’s beautiful eyes that don’t lie even 1 percent, but the demons deceived them with those eyes anyway.
“… … Who is that?”
“Supreme Commander Ogent Guy is a human.”
The thought of him as Lian’s older brother, whom he had met before, crossed his mind, but it was only for a moment.
“Humans have powers?”
“Satan, because Havitz-sama is a human. Shiok is not a concept controlled by the corps commander. To be precise, it was left by the Balkan military just in case, and Sirone untied his collar.
“Guide me to where Ogent Guy is.”
No matter how far the truth was, there was no option to go back and leave a way to obtain the Holy Spirit.
“yes yes.”
Standing up with her head bowed, Merania gave instructions while looking back at the demons.
“Everyone go away. From this moment on, I will kill anyone who fights with humans first.” They were demons with a clear displeasure, but they couldn’t disobey the command of the corps commander.
Like c*ckroaches hiding in a corner, all the demons surrounding them scattered.
“Let’s go. I will guide you.”
“If it’s a lie… …
Sirone tightened her eyes and said.
“I will put my everything on the line and make you the worst.”
It was difficult to express such a huge emotion in words, and Merania swallowed her saliva.
‘doesn’t care.’
If only I could stop Yahweh’s wrath even for a second.
Commander’s Office of the Imperial Castle Marsak.
Ogent Guy, who came here to prepare for battle, put on his armor and was lost in thought.
‘It’s family.’
Black hair and blue hair, the personalities are different, but I remember that we had a good relationship.
‘Lian.’
He had no talent for swords and no flair, but he was strangely affectionate.
‘Is Ogent also in the era of blue hair now?’ The reason why my heart is overflowing is probably because of my family, but even that thought was a luxury.
‘I want to be strong. Isn’t that natural as a prosecutor?’
He was the one who abandoned his family, his country, and even his personality to stand on the side of the demons and seek strength.
“We must end the war.”
A red whirlpool appeared in front of Gai’s eyes as he turned around with a long sword at his waist.
“what?”
When the 2nd Corps commander, Merania, walked out of the whirlpool, his forehead narrowed.
“Why do demons… … Behind her, Shirone was following her, revealing her cold eyes.

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 860 - Singularity (4).txt
===============================
Singularity (4)
Lian, who was evacuating people around the capital, suddenly felt a change.
At some point, the number of demons started to decrease, and now they couldn’t even see their noses.
“What happened?”
“Let’s take a truce for a while.”
An old man with a cane walked out from the entrance of the alley.
His cheekbones protruded from his diminutive body, and the skin clinging to his facial bones was wrinkled.
Both hands on the cane were trembling as if they were going to pay a funeral tomorrow, but Lian spread the distance.
“who is this?”
It was a demon, and Lee’s magic was on the level of being one of the few in the battles so far.
“Are you asking for my name? It is called Gaitan.”
Gaitan, commander of the 10th Army of Hell.
He was nicknamed the ruler of all sorts of filthy bugs in the demon world and the nether world.
“You are the commander of the corps.”
“Well, yes.”
Gaitan leaned on his staff and peered into the air.
“Your master seems to have negotiated with another corps commander. For the time being, demons won’t attack.”
Lian lowered his sword.
“What do you want to say?”
“I heard that you cut down Argantis, the Demon Beast. So, I want to ask you something.”
Gaitan turned his gaze to Lian.
“What do you think is at the end of the world?”
“I don’t know.”
Ryan always lives in the present.
“The devil is different from life. It’s like a system error. I don’t know why you need something like us. Maybe it wasn’t created out of necessity.”
“If you bully anything other than yourself, you don’t deserve to exist.”
Gaitan raised an eyebrow.
“I’m thinking of opening the Demon Realm.” “If you open the Demon Realm, you will never be able to come back to me. Death isn’t scary. The really scary thing is the emptiness. But humans don’t seem to know that.”
“Are you threatening me?”
Gaitan shook his head.
“No, this should be a request. I heard that your swordsmanship can even cut the meaning of existence.”
It transforms the information itself.
“Won’t you cut down my demon realm? I have mastered all the wisdom of this world. So there is no fear. Now, the only thing left is the unknown, the other side of the ball.”
Power went into Lian’s hand holding the big sword.
‘ Dangerous.’
It was best to cut it before opening the Pandemonium.
“I asked for a favor, but I can’t help but do it. Yes, let this also be my wisdom.”
At the same time as he finished speaking, Lian twisted his back and swung his great sword.
Gaitan’s head fell off with a single knife, and then the buildings in the back rumble rumble rumble.
After falling to the ground, Gaitan’s face rolled over and he continued talking while turned upside down.
“Because of what… …
Gaitan’s eyes filled with white.
“They imprison us in this stuffy illusion?”
Demon World, Palapinas.
Gaitan’s face quickly rotted away and turned into a collection of black dots.
Subsequently, even the body was dyed black as if it were being burned, and then it was released into smoke and expanded to a radius of several hundred meters.
“Keugh!”
It wasn’t smoke.
Weing! Weing! Weing! Weing!
Its shape resembles a fly, but its suction power, which clings to Lian’s body and sucks blood, was like a snake bite.
“Aaaaaaa!”
Following the trajectory of the great sword he swung, his vision opened, but countless insects were already covering the capital.
“damn!”
It was another form of irritation with Argantis.
? * ?
‘Ogent Guy.’
In terms of being Lian’s older brother, Sirone also had a ripple in his heart.
However, since he had already lost his reason in madness when he met him the other day, he did not reap his cold eyes.
“what? Are the two of you even in a relationship?” Seeing the bizarre sight of the corps commander and Sirone together, Gai put the sword over his shoulder and laughed.
“I heard you have authority over the prison.”
Guy looked back at Merania.
“Hmm.”
I don’t know the situation.
However, Gai found what he had to do when she kept silent with a nonchalant face.
“Yeah, I have it. So what?”
“Call Si-ok.”
“why me?”
Sirone gritted his teeth.
“You know that. A man has fallen into hell. We have to save her.”
Still, since he was Rian’s older brother, Sirone, expecting some humanity, appealed to his emotions.
“A woman whose psychic realm was sealed. I heard about it. But isn’t it the wrong person to ask? Do you think I will release the enemy who weakened our strength?”
“You… … You are human.”
Sirone’s eyes burned terribly.
“Why are you on the side of the demons? Lian is still fighting to save humans! why do you… …
“noisy.”
Guy stopped talking.
“Are you just appealing to family love? I feel sorry for Lian who has a guy like you as her owner.”
“I could die.”
finally freed to live.
“Puhahaha! Of course you can die. because it’s a war OK, I’ll teach you how. If you kill me, or if you can drive me to death… …
Gai aimed his scabbard at Sirone.
“Siook will appear.”
‘Rian, I’m sorry.’
Sirone closed her eyes.
‘Maybe I’ll hurt your brother.’
As he finished his thoughts, dozens of photon cannons were fired at Guy.
Qurrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr
In an instant, the room was a mess, and Shirone cast teleportation and flew out of the castle.
Guy, who had already flung himself into the air, drew his sword and spread his arms.
“You have the ability to learn.”
It was a good decision to preemptively strike against the prosecutor.
“But you’re a little weak!”
Although he had not personally seen Sirone’s battle, he knew the number of demons who died because of his appearance.
‘200 million in one night. It’s not something that can be done with just this level of magic.’ A woman sacrificed for the world.
The price is the end of time, eternity of time in hell.
‘I’ll be angry.’
The fact that he had the key to save her was Gai’s current situation.
‘But such a clumsy attack?’ The reason why I can’t kill even though I’m angry enough to give up the level I’ve built so far… … .
‘He’s a good guy.’
Because he is Ryan’s older brother.
“haha.”
Rian had enough reasons to pledge a knighthood to Sirone, and that’s why he was angry.
“You idiots!”
While falling to the ground, Gai twisted his upper body and swung a powerful sword.
‘This… … !’
Sirone’s eyes widened at the rush of anticipation tearing through the landscape.
Aaaaaaaang!
The spiers of the castle were completely blown away, and Merania, who was guarding the spot, flew into the air.
“Is it a start?”
A ray of light that curved like a torrent was pursuing Guy at terrifying speed.
“Ha ha ha! What a surprise!”
Arriving on the ground, Gai swung his sword at great speed, and the atmosphere shook.
‘It’s Lian’s skill.’
Just as the sword’s anticipation was about to strike the throat, the space distorted and Sirone’s body disappeared.
“Space travel?”
A roar of iron grinding and a single flash of light were drawing a net in the vast sky.
“It’s a good idea, but… …
Had he not given up on the realm of Yahweh, he would have manipulated time through incarnation.
“It’s just there.”
The ground where he was standing exploded and Guy moved at a terrifying speed.
It was about to catch up with the wide radius of space movement in an instant, and a vicious shock wave raged.
Kurrrrrrrrr!
Watching the collapse of the capital’s buildings from the sky, Merania made a puzzled expression.
“Why are you like that?”
A photon cannon shot was not powerful enough to destroy a single block.
‘You don’t want to kill me.’
Having reached that point, Merania shed tears with a sad face.
“Look at this.”
Didn’t you already kill 200 million demons?
“You always hate us.”
“ha ha ha! Is this all!”
As Gai raised his sword, a shockwave that rose like a mountain hit Sirone.
“Big!”
Sirone, who defended with a wide width,
I jumped 500 meters to the east and arrived.
“too slow!”
Guy was already in front of me.
‘Let’s calm down.’
In order to summon Si-ok, Gai must at least be brought to the brink of death.
‘I have no choice but to do it!’
The photon cannon, which contained sub-light speed propulsion, vibrated terribly on Sirone’s palm.
The moment the flash of light left Sirone’s hand, Gai felt the time slow down for the first time.
Can I avoid it…?’
A huge explosion occurred due to the frictional force of the particles, and Sirone closed her eyes tightly.
In the last scenery before closing his eyes, the explosion apparently swallowed Guy’s body.
Something that couldn’t have happened if Shiok had been activated.
“Quack.”
Hearing laughter in the haze, Sirone hurriedly opened his eyes and looked around.
Gai, whose armor was in tatters, was approaching with a mad smile.
“no way… …
As she watched her severed left arm gradually regenerate, a thought crossed her mind.
“Yes, you cannot kill me this way. But can you?
It must be quite difficult.”
The realm of Idea had been heard from Lian.
“I don’t mean to kill you.”
Sirone’s expression changed.
“I made a mistake.”
Hundreds of spheres floated around Sirone, preparing to jump out.
At the same time Guy’s face turned pale, all the photon cannons came out and hit him.
Woooooooooooooooooooooooooh!
As the entire central radius of the capital collapsed, Merania’s eyes tightened.
“okay! That’s it!” After pouring out enough that he didn’t have the strength to get angry anymore, the victory would lean towards the demons again.
“Hahaha! I can’t!”
Even in the midst of the collapse of the land, Gai endlessly restored information and pushed Sirone.
Finally, his sword pierced Sirone’s stomach.
“Gagging!”
The sensation of a cold blade piercing through the body and protruding out of the cave was terribly unpleasant.
“It’s a pity.”
I’m not particularly happy about beating a half-mage who has lost his half-ya ability.
did
“If it was incarnation, it would have been a good match.”
At that moment, he felt the weight of Sirone disappear through the blade.
“huh?”
When Gai lowered his gaze, the area around the pit where the sword had penetrated had turned white.
‘what?’
In Sirone’s eyes, the pupils had already disappeared, and at last the whole body turned into light.
“Keugh!”
Even at the moment of pulling out the sword and stepping back, there was no feeling of being caught in Sirone’s body.
‘How did it happen… …
Gai’s head went pale and his head rose high into the sky.
“What is that?”
A huge incarnation was looking down at Guy.
you said
“What is planted in the heart cannot be destroyed. That’s why love is the antipode of gong.”
Shura was listening.
“On the contrary, what can be destroyed has no mind. Then what is a Buddha?”
Nane raised the index finger.
“The one who stepped on a child and realized the ball. He who destroys what he loves most is a Buddha.”
That would be true emptiness.
“If you come, Sirone… …
“You must be walking the opposite path to me. But none of it is easy.”
Nane smiled sadly.
“How can I love after realizing the futility?”
That would be true love.

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 861 - B(1).txt
===============================
rain (1)
“It’s not difficult, it’s more like impossible.”
you said
“What a contradiction? To be able to destroy what you love most.” The more you love, the farther you get from the ball.
“So I have almost reached it, but it will still take a long time before I become a Buddha.”
Shura asked.
“Then is Sirone the first to reach it?”
eventuality.
“It is still a long way off. I can only vaguely guess what he must be feeling in a world ruled by evil.”
As much as he loved all things, the feeling of betrayal was great, and his anger was heading toward the ball.
“So Sirone will end the world?”
Just like the old me.
“Maybe. But I know how difficult it is. If there’s anything different about me… …
Nane looked up at the sky.
“It is that the world loves him.”
Even if Yahweh’s anger is toward the end of the world.
World Climate Organization.
With the help of the temple, there were over 300 magicians residing in the organization that had moved their base.
Their mission to manipulate the climate is to increase agricultural production in areas free of demon invasion.
As the extra food became Valkyrie’s provisions, it was an indispensable department in World War II.
“Chief! Look at this!”
Amira, who was in her first year at the company, collected signals sent from observation balloons around the world and shouted.
“What is it? Did a disaster happen somewhere?”
It was a document full of numbers and diagrams, but a picture came to the manager’s eyes.
“What is this?”
It was a typhoon.
In the sea between Gustav and Jincheon, a huge typhoon that has never been recorded in history was moving.
“Besides, there are seven! How could this be?”
Amira pointed to a document with detailed information.
“The speed of movement is also different from that of conventional typhoons. We’ll be landing at Gustaf in a few hours. Its power will exceed at least category six.” It was not a naturally occurring phenomenon.
“It is magic. But who?” Even the World Climate Organization has this scale.
It was difficult to generate a series of typhoons.
“What should I do? If it lands like this, the damage to civilians will be enormous. I have no choice but to destroy it.”
“Can I destroy it?”
Amira stuttered.
“That, well, plant the seeds and put them to rest slowly before they grow in size any further. It would be better to devise an evacuation plan.”
The fact that the place where the typhoon is heading is the Gustav Empire, the origin of evil, also played a part.
“Chief! here!”
When another employee shouted with a contemplative face, the manager hurriedly ran.
“damn! what else?”
Amira bit her lip as she glared at the papers the chief had thrown away.
‘What’s going on?’ It was a series of disasters.
Jincheonhae.
Mitura, the commander of the 8th Corps, who was watching the typhoon moving over the horizon, stood up from the dog of the Great Dynasty.
“Coming again. How many shots are you going to fire?”
“What shall I do? If this continues, Gustav will be killed. Then Satan will scold you… …
When Mitura glared at them, the demons were startled.
“No, of course I believe in Mithura-sama.”
In other words, what the demons were saying was, how about opening the Demon Realm before things get bigger.
‘It’s annoying.’
It is a privilege that only 10 corps commanders have, but on the other hand, it also symbolizes eternal extinction.
‘I can’t even rise from the fire of hell.’ It was the demon realm that opened with the determination to die as if dying, and Mitura was still unwilling.
“Brigade commander! excuse me!”
Over the horizon, four ivory towers were approaching, raising wild foam.
Said Minerva, who had boarded the jet.
“I don’t care about the others. It is our job to eliminate the Legion Commander.”
Freed, who was running on the surface of the water, grabbed the sword with his eyes on the demons.
“You must have studied in Kashan, right? It’s best to finish it before the Pandemonium opens.”
Mitura’s Pandemonium is a tsunami.
Once opened, all the cities around the world along the sea would be destroyed.
Mithura stood up with a huge gullet.
“good! Guys, it’s a sortie! Let’s stick together properly!”
A murmur was heard in the distance.
“I’ll open the Demon World.”
As Mitura’s esophagus was cut horizontally, the heads of the demons lined up at a distance of tens of meters were blown away.
“Hey!”
There were no more dissatisfied demons.
“In lieu of greetings!”
As Mitura lowered her stance and cut the water as if opening a gun, a huge wave rose.
“come!”
Freed’s freezing magic froze the waves dozens of meters high.
Aaaaaaaaagh!
Minerva broke through the wall of ice, stopped in mid-air and shot a jet.
Gustav Capital.
“Aaaaaa! Buy, buy people… … !” The voice died before he could finish screaming.
Lian ran while people covered in insects and black as charcoal collapsed.
“That is a staggering number.”
Palapinas, an insect from the underworld, multiplied endlessly and covered the entire city.
‘How do I get rid of this?’
If it was powerful, it could be cut, but if it was an insect that could not be counted, the sword was the worst tool.
“Yaaaaa!” The sword with the state of Macha cut through the landscape, but insects resembling flies endlessly clung to Lian.
“Keuuugh!”
Eventually, his whole body was swarming with bugs, and he was confused by the feeling of his blood rushing.
‘are you okay.’
Ideas are not broken to this extent, but ordinary humans die within 10 seconds.
In addition, Palapinas continued to proliferate, so it was no exaggeration to say that the world would perish if not suppressed in the beginning.
“Damn the devil.”
Lian, who had penetrated the wall through acceleration, slashed the great sword with all his might. The air crackled with a roar, and for an instant my vision opened to the blue sky.
“what… …
Unable to even raise the sword, Lian stared blankly across the sky.
“What is that?”
Perhaps an incarnation, but I didn’t feel like knowing what it was.
Sirone’s body was in a state of weightlessness, like luminous smoke.
Above him with his head lowered, the thing that blooms endlessly is anger.
Merania muttered.
“The wrath of Yahweh.”
Black smoke rising at a frightening speed pierced the sky and spread like mushrooms.
There was no deceleration in the process of smooth expansion, as if black paint had been sprayed on the sky.
‘I came out into the world.’
It was the wrath of Yahweh, which was dark and rotten, and came out through the body.
‘What will happen?’ Merania, who suddenly came to her senses, shouted.
“Kill! Kill Yahweh!”
“Keugh!”
Gai immediately ran and lowered his sword, but Sirone was not cut.
‘It doesn’t seem material.’
Along the sword’s trajectory, Gai couldn’t confirm it, but hexagonal particles of light were floating around.
‘information?’
Mayray jumped up and covered one ear.
“Chief Justice.”
Justice Terraforce’s voice was still deep, but there was a sense of urgency.
-The Hexa program has been activated.
“Hexa… … program? what is that?” There was no time to explain.
– I will send an ark.
Communication was cut off with that.
The head of the World Climate Organization shouted.
“This makes sense!”
The thrown file slipped on the floor and was picked up by nearby staff in a hurry.
“Chief! What are you doing?”
Amira approached, but the section chief only snorted and wandered around aimlessly.
“Amira, look at this.”
Upon receiving the documents sent from the Gustav Empire’s observatory, Amira quickly checked the numbers.
The paper fell out of her hand again.
“Impossible.”
The staff thought the same.
“But it is true. This is neither a natural phenomenon nor magic. something unknown.”
Even if all the water on the planet was used up, a cloud of this mass could not be formed.
” like??????
The employee climbed over the ceiling and imagined the sky.
“It’s like floating steel heavier than the planet.”
Gai’s blade cut through Sirone’s body at a speed that caused afterimages.
‘Why can’t I kill him?’
Maybe because he’s already dead.
Gai, who had been thinking that far, finally stopped his attack and looked up at the sky.
“It got bigger.”
Judging by the size of the cloud, it was enough to cover an entire kingdom.
“What incarnation is that?”
“Yahweh.”
Merania has arrived.
“Is that Yahweh? Didn’t he say that he was in the state of loving all things? Rather… …
It was a darker, darker murderous intent than the demons.
“that’s right. It is truly hateful.”
It was the magnitude of the evil that one human being had to suppress in order to reach the level of fraternity.
“Why didn’t you want to be angry? They must have been jealous, lusted after, and wanted to do as they pleased.”
Yahweh is not good.
“Friendship is made by sacrifice. The sacrifice that no one recognizes accumulates deep inside and becomes an unbearable monster… …
A black cloud covered the entire empire.
“An existence that has to live by confining itself forever so that monsters don’t come out.”
Merania caressed Sirone’s particles.
“To the demons, that pretense is terrifying… …
Her hand grasped the light.
“I hate it.” As she slowly opened her hand, the hexagonal light fluttered and ascended into the sky.
Contrary to what she had said, Merania’s eyes, chasing after it, seemed ecstatic.
“You did it. With this the wrath of Yahweh is gone.”
Kurrrrrrrrr.
An unusual preliminary sound of thunder was heard from the dark clouds that covered the sun.
“First of all, shouldn’t we avoid it?”
“Where?”
Merania raised her head with disheveled eyes and flipped her palms toward the sky.
“It looks like it will rain.”
As she finished speaking, particles of light began to fall from the sky.
The light containing God’s particles was dark gray and thousands of times heavier than water droplets.
shoot aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
The light drops fall almost simultaneously.
However, simultaneous observation could not be established at the limit of observation, and the leading light drop was directed to the imperial castle, Marsak.
The moment the first drop of light collides with the tallest imperial spire in the capital.
widely!
A fist-sized groove was dug with a powerful bursting sound.
widely! Tarak! Tattak!
And things like that… … .
“Damn it!”
infinity.
Kwa Kwa Kwa Kwa Kwa Kwa Kwa Kwa!
It struck the entire empire with an infinite number of hits.
“Kuaaaaa!”
Tens of millions of demons screamed at the same time, but even that was buried in the roar.
The height of the imperial castle was being cut off at a rate of 4 meters per second due to the bombardment of the continuously falling mass.
“what’s this! this… … !”
Its power equally pounded the entire empire and razed everything on the ground.
“Yaaaaa!”
Gai swung his sword and hit the particles of light.
By the time 3 seconds passed, there was not even a shape left except for the black handle.
“this??????
A dull sound rang through his skull.
“Ouch!”
Gai’s body crumpled to the floor as thousands of light drops hit his entire body.
“I’m sorry.”
Merania, holding a black umbrella, looked down at Guy, who had lost his shape.
“Looks like the ark didn’t come to you.”
In the scenery of the capital she turned around, there were millions of bluish domes.

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 862 - Rain (2).txt
===============================
rain (2)
* * ?
“rain.”
Retracting his weapon, Rian looked up at the sky.
In his eyes, trapped in an unknown dome-shaped curtain, he saw particles of light falling from the sky.
“No, it’s the light.”
The Pandemonium opened by Gaitan had disappeared without a trace due to the pouring light.
“I-what is that?”
The survivors trapped in the dome stood up one by one and pointed at the black cloud.
A part of a flying object of unfathomable size was exposed outside the clouds.
‘It’s not serious.’
Rian was worried about Sirone, but she couldn’t dare to go outside the blue dome.
It was a heavy rain of such power that it completely destroyed a 10-meter-tall building in less than a minute.
Putting death aside, the moment you go outside, your body will be beaten without even a trace.
Above all, there was a sight that convinced me that the present phenomenon was caused by Sirone.
Ta-ta-ta-ta-ta!
A roaring, world-destroying particle of light flashed whenever it hit the surface of an object.
The blindingly beautiful light was emitted in a hexagonal shape.
“Hexa.”
From the spire of the Temple of Earth, Taeseong watched what was happening in the Gustav Empire.
On the planets visible under the glass floor, Yahweh’s clouds were covering the empire.
“Terraforce.”
Then, cutting through the black cloud, a huge spaceship half the size of the empire was approaching.
thud! thud!
Taeseong looked back at the vibration he felt on the floor.
“you are… …
“Guardian of Gaia.”
He had gray skin, long hair from front to back, large greasy eyes and a pointed chin.
awkwardly waving your slender arms
It was Supreme Court Terraforce, a 3-meter-high alien creature approaching with a sigh.
“You came by yourself.”
“The Hexa program has been activated. As per user protection rules, Terraforce sends an ark.”
Standing next to Taeseong, the justice of the Supreme Court looked at the scene on the ground reflected on the screen.
Taesung asked.
“… … What is Hexa?”
“It is estimated to be a unit of the Ultima system and a kind of extinction code. The signal of Hexa responds one-to-one to all information, erasing the source of the Akashic Records.”
The Supreme Court judge continued as he watched the world’s information being erased by the heavy rain of light.
“Secondly, seeing So Jung-hwa with her own eyes.”
“It was in Gaia’s time. The fact that the ark has arrived means that two people will be selected again this time?”
“Hexa cannot be stopped by anything. Even the electromagnetic shield will break eventually. We have to pick two before that.”
Only two humans, a man and a woman, board the ark and migrate to another planet.
“Yahweh’s wrath will increase and cover the entire planet. it’s over. He has closed this world.”
“It’s not forever, though.” So it was a minorization.
“Well, the selected men and women will eventually settle on other planets and bring in countless users.”
The Supreme Court looked back at Taeseong.
“Just as the two Gaians selected from Sojeonghwa long ago made humans prosper on this land.” Taeseong remained silent.
“You know you are here? The only remaining Gaian in the photon system, and the first human on this planet.”
“He is no longer human. He exists with only memories in his little brain.”
It was something I chose for myself.
“So, who are the men and women selected this time?”
“We are looking at a lot of combinations. There are about 300 candidates. A decision will be made in Parliament sooner or later.”
“The two of us have to open a new world. That’s too harsh. Who are the candidates?”
“For example, Miro and Havitz.”
Taeseong looked back at the Supreme Court justice with sullen eyes.
“Extreme and extreme?”
“It is the best way to maintain the system. Miro will understand. The mistakes of the past must not be repeated.”
The first humans made a mistake.
“You mean Eve.”
“She broke the rules. She tried to be everyone’s mother and she did. After all, Eve’s partner is… …
It is living as a brain without extinction.
“Anyway, that combination can’t work. It would have been the maze in the past, but it’s different now. She won’t accept anyone but Gaold
“So it’s a candidate. First of all, it will be carefully reviewed. At present, the council has Ethella and Chagall in mind.”
“Ethella and Chagall?”
It was a very strange combination, but after thinking for a while, Taeseong understood.
“Maybe it could be.”
It was only when the Supreme Judge of Terra Force personally led the ark that I realized it.
“Again, it’s over.” The justice of the Supreme Court rested his hand on Taeseong’s shoulder.
“Don’t be discouraged. It’s just a trial and error phase. One day humanity will reach its ultimatum.”
“Is it really possible, a perfect system?”
A world with nothing more to fix.
“Whatever God makes, it is only God’s perfection. What is truly perfect is when we become gods.”
Humans have to define it.
“That’s why gods are indifferent and do not interfere with this world. Let’s just say he can spend outside… …
The Supreme Court judge looked at Sirone.
“It must be a signal borrowed from a human body.”
“Is that Yahweh?”
“If the person furthest from humans is Buddha, then Yahweh is the person closest to God. Loving all things must be like that, but Sirone is also just a human after all.”
In front of Seongeum’s eternal pain, Sirone had no choice but to choose merit over fraternity.
“This time we will start with a different combination. We’re going to pick the best two. There is still plenty of time.”
Hundreds of billions of years remain.
“Find a planet for the ark to land on. I would like to stay as far away from this place as possible.”
“… … yes.”
If it was a providence to maintain the system, he had no choice but to follow it, but Tae-sung’s heart ached as if it were going to break.
‘Sirone… …
Is it an illusion that the drops of light that annihilate the world feel like Sirone’s tears?
‘Are you really going to end it like this?’ Mitura, commander of the 8th Corps, engaged in a close battle with the Ivory Tower Five Stars on the sea.
Numerous demons were guarding their side, but they did not dare to intervene in the violent battle.
“This, this… …
The joint effort of the four strongest wizards of mankind was terrifying, and Me Too had to struggle.
“Brigade commander! Open the Demon Realm!” As the frustrated men shouted, Mithura’s face contorted into evil.
‘Bastards! It’s not their job… …
If you open the demon realm, it will disappear forever.
‘Do you really open it up?’
While engaging in a sword fight with Fried, a sudden thought occurred to him.
“Keugh!”
The law of Singh bound Mithura limbs, and Amanta’s wheel struck her head.
At that time, Mitura, who turned her head with a bang, fiercely looked back.
Hey hey hey!
Minerva’s jet hit the pit of the stomach.
“Kuaaa!” Pushed back by force, they retreated several kilometers, and the flying demons hurriedly followed.
“Brigade commander! Hurry up… …
“Aaaaaaa! shut up!”
The heads of the petty demons ran away.
“I’m going crazy.”
A special being who received the authority of the demon realm at the same time as it was born.
Metura had a lot of pride in him, but when the time came, he wasn’t ready.
‘To go back to nothingness forever?’ What was Amon thinking when he opened the Demon Realm?
“You are surprisingly timid.”
Minerva said as the four great stars flew side by side pursuing Mitura.
“This is why demons are afraid of Buddha. Unless you are resurrected from the fire of hell, it is the same as dying.”
Fried snorted.
“A coward like that is doing well in commanding the corps.”
Thing said.
“Apart from the fact that they contain only the disposition of evil, they are essentially no different from humans. I can take it down easily.”
“Don’t be too careless. Then, if you get picked up behind your eyes, it becomes a headache from then on.”
Unlike Oh Dae-seong, who prepares for emergencies, Mitura’s heart did not change easily.
‘It can’t go on like this. We have to open the demon realm for Satan. Let’s open, let’s open, let’s open!’
Fire shot up from Mithura’s eyes.
It seems not yet.
“shit! Let’s fight a little longer! I can win!”
The moment they were determined to fight, a huge fireball flew in and exploded on the surface of the water.
Merania looked at the horizon.
“They are the tears of Yahweh.”
The roar of the particles of light striking the entire empire and destroying objects reminded me of the apocalypse.
Even Merania’s black umbrella wouldn’t last long, but her expression was calm.
“This ending isn’t bad either.”
According to the doctrine of the other world, when Yahweh’s tears overflowed the world, it was said to disappear.
Indeed it is.
The power of the heavy rain of light was enough to wipe out all the demons in the empire.
“Do you know why we hate you?”
Approaching Sirone, Merania slowly reached out and touched the Hexa particles.
Pupper puffer puck!
In an instant, my hand exploded at the light that was piercing me down.
“If you don’t do this… …
The black umbrella disappeared, and Merania hugged Sirone in that state.
“Because they don’t see us.”
Countless light drops hit the body.
“What should I do if I was born like this?” Even with the durability of the legionnaire, it could only last a few more minutes than other demons.
“What is love?”
Neither the demons nor the Habits knew how to love.
“I could die for you. You can even kill Satan if you want. but… …
Waiting for Sirone’s answer, she opened her mouth with a sad smile.
“I really don’t know what that is.”
As her beautiful face collapsed, her body began to be shaved off from above.
Sirone was speechless.
“Are you here?”
Sirone, who only existed as a signal, quickly moved towards the source of the voice.
“Here?”
Hexagonal particles began to assemble quickly and change into a human form.
“I don’t know. Look at the underworld.”
In front of Sirone, there was Ogent Guy, who was sitting cross-legged and resting his chin on his chin.
“hell?”
Sirone confirmed that a ray of light flying from the darkness was connected to Gai.
“Can you see this light too? It’s not that I’m attracted to it, but it’s unpleasant because I feel like I’m constantly being called. Is it an irresistible temptation?”
Sirone examined her body, but there was no connection anywhere.
“When I came here, I knew something. Perhaps this is the identity of Edea. So I guess I’m the only one dead. Oh, and you’re dead too.”
“we… … dead?”
After being stabbed by Guy’s sword, I couldn’t remember.
‘Is it a dream?’
It didn’t feel like reality.
“I want to explain it in detail, but there is no way to explain it. It’s sending such a signal. Anyway, the reason I waited for you is because I wanted to make a proposal.”
“You said you were already dead, so what kind of suggestion was “You can go back alive.” Even if it was a dream, it was a word that could not be turned away.
“Ha, how do I explain this? So, if I don’t follow this light, you can live. Should I give you my seat? Should there be one seat left? Is that how you feel?”
“I do not know what I mean. And why do you keep me alive There is no reason for that.”
“You don’t seem to remember what you did.”
“What have you done?”
Gai burst into laughter and asked, raising the corners of his mouth.
“Okay, are you feeling better now?”

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 863 - Rain (3).txt
===============================
rain (3)
“Terraforce existed before humans and achieved a civilization superior to them.”
As the Supreme Court judge walked around the Temple of Earth, Taeseong followed him with his gaze.
“I have endlessly explored the nature of the world. Where is the end, where is the beginning. Does such a thing actually exist? Our conclusion is… …
The justice of the Supreme Court stopped walking and turned to Taeseong
saw.
“This world is electricity.” It’s true, but Taeseong couldn’t say anything.
“And we already have electricity. The hypothesis that can be derived from that rumination is… …
The judge’s finger went up.
“Somewhere electricity was supplied and the universe was born. Just like we power a machine.”
The judge turned around with his hands behind his back.
“Before that? there’s nothing. only nothing It has no existence or reason to exist.”
is called the off state.
“We were worried. Then why was this world born? What is it for?”
dug endlessly
“So what I found was the Akashic Records. It was the existence of the cosmic database, Ankera.”
by that definition.
“Anke Ra, who dreams of space, cannot criticize himself. Because the moment you realize your dream, it’s not a dream. Therefore, he considers himself unique, and he cannot have any doubts that he was created by someone else.”
“But I’m starting to doubt it.”
“Yes. The result of Gaia, who broke the Akashic Records and left the photon field, threw him into a contradiction.”
It was an incident that cracked the uniqueness of Ankera.
“Why did Ankera get absorbed by Nane?”
The judge who asked the question responded directly.
“Because Gaia’s blood flows in humans. The departure of Gaia means that this place, which is the end for us, is not the end for humans.”
“A world made for man.”
“Or a man-made world. In fact, humans are gods, and we have borrowed that concept to this world.”
It was a sick home for everyone except humans.
“Terraforce accepted. It was surprisingly easy. Rather, a new role has been assigned to us who passed through the technical singularity and everything was meaningless.”
Although this may have already been designed.
“Terraforce dug into the reason for its existence. And as the judge of the universe, he came to the conclusion that he was promoting the stability of the world. Like a broken soft system, for example.”
Taeseong turned his gaze to the screen on the ground.
“Sending an ark to save humans is in the same vein.”
Now, all living things except humans in the Gustav Empire were extinct.
“Human beings have a unique code. Of course, it transforms in real time, but Terra Force’s ability to gather information is the best in the universe. As long as they are trapped in the magnetic shield, they will be safe.”
Tae-seong asked what he was curious about.
“What about Guy? Why wasn’t it protected by the shield? Is it because he has reached Idea?”
The judge shook his head.
“I said that humans have a unique code. It’s a temporary code. But Idea is different. Perfect user code that never changes. Among the current survivors, Lian is the only one with that code.”
Lian was protected by a magnetic shield.
“Then what about Guy?”
“The activation condition of the magnetic shield is the inner sound generated by a specific code. Guy is… …
The judge raised his head and said.
“I didn’t want to.”
“I didn’t want… …
“well. It is difficult to express emotions verbally. However, unlike other codes, he no longer had any desire for life. That’s all.” “artist… … Are you free?”
Shirone, who was brooding over Gai’s words, clenched her fists.
“Can it be? Think of what you’ve done to humans! So many innocent people have died! Seongeum must wander in hell forever! why! Why did you lie!”
Even though Gai died, Shiok did not appear.
“I met Lian before I fought you.
all.”
Sirone’s shoulders twitched.
If this situation is real, not a dream, Sirone killed Lian’s older brother.
“When I was immature, I thought I was wrong, but today I see that I have really grown up. It’s because you’re stronger than me.”
“Lian is different from people like you.”
Sirone tried hard to separate Lian and Gai.
“haha.”
Guy admitted with a laugh.
A warm feeling passed through his eyes as he rested his chin on his chin and thought for a moment.
Ryan’s back came to mind.
“… … I thought I could do anything to become strong. Right or wrong didn’t matter.”
Gai opened his arms as if asking for consent.
“Honestly, isn’t it? In the end, whoever wins is right. I thought that if you were really strong, things like moral conscience and justice would have nothing to do with it.”
Like a will, Sirone couldn’t stop talking.
“Live with responsibility… … I finally understood Ryan’s words.
“I can’t live like that. The moment I saw what was being carried on the youngest bastard’s shoulders, I got sick of it. How do you live like that?”
That’s why he ran away, but there was something he had to say through Sirone.
“The strong one is Lian.”
The person who can take on the most responsibility is the strongest.
“I said it was a friend. Please take good care of your brother in the future.”
“… … what are you doing?”
Sirone gritted his teeth.
“What’s the difference if I say something like that now! Stop pretending to be family all of a sudden! Do you think I will forgive you? You are a murderer!”
It should be a dream.
“The dead! What to do with the lives of those who were sacrificed for no reason! If you die… …
Guy shouldn’t die.
“How am I going to explain it to Lian!”
Guy smiled brightly.
“No need to explain. Leave it all to that idiot. Tell them to take responsibility.”
“That’s what a big brother would say!”
“He is a strong man.”
Guy closed his eyes.
“That’s the article.”
I wanted to be like Ryan.
As the light connected to Gai faded little by little, Sirone’s face turned pale.
“wait! If it goes like this… …
Finally, the light disappeared, and Gai’s body turned hazy and began to be buried in darkness.
eternal extinction.
“No eh eh eh!”
Sirone hurriedly held out his hand, but no signal reached his senses.
Kurrrrr.
The black clouds that filled the sky began to turn gray and finally became transparent.
“Rain, rain… …
When the people sheltered by the shield raised their heads, they saw a huge ship floating in the clear sky.
“Sirone.”
Lian immediately swung his great sword at the dome.
A tremendous roar erupted, but the dome did not break, and shockwaves hurled through the narrow space.
“Great!”
The reason why it cannot be easily destroyed is that this realm of Dea is also a kind of electrical signal.
“Yaaaaa!”
Lian swung his sword in succession, not caring about the destruction of his body.
‘Sirone! Sirone!’
For some reason, the heavy rain that destroyed the world poured down, Lian did not understand.
However, when a phenomenon similar to this cataclysm occurred, Sirone was always present.
‘wait!’
Woo woo woo woo!
When the big sword struck the dome with vibrations, the magnetic shield finally shattered with a tremendous explosion.
“The Hexa program has ended.” The faces of the Terraforce race are not suitable for showing emotions, but the Supreme Court Justice was clearly confused.
“What happened?”
Taeseong’s eyes widened as he looked at the ground.
“Sirone is… …
The hexa particles reflected on the screen gathered densely and were restored to Sirone’s body.
“Impossible. You cannot find your body again in a state that has already turned into a signal.”
According to Terraforce’s theory, there is no creation code.
“no.”
The judge shook his head.
“is it. Idea is… …
“Sirone is back!”
Taeseong let out an exclamation of joy, but the Supreme Court Justice’s expression was unexpectedly serious.
“Isn’t it over yet?”
“What about the ark?”
“I’m going to take it. Selection will also be cancelled. However, I don’t know if this situation is good or bad.”
The Supreme Court Justice’s words were quite meaningful, but Taeseong turned to the screen and smiled.
“thank you.”
That was the only thing that could be said to Sirone, who was waiting in excruciating pain.
“uh?”
In Sirone’s mind, which came to his senses, the events of the past passed like a dream memory.
“wound??????
Examining his chest, the spot that had been pierced by Gai’s sword had completely healed.
But what was even more foreign than that was that the anger that had been growing without knowing the limit had disappeared.
“Where are you?” As if on a completely different planet, all that caught Sirone’s eyes was the endless horizon.
“Everything is gone.”
Guy had said it.
Do you know what you’ve done?
“no.”
We don’t know what kind of disaster Yahweh’s anger brought upon the world, but one thing was clear.
What Guy said was true.
“I, I… …
Sirone, weakly on her knees, searched for Gai’s corpse with no trace left.
“I can’t do this. It can’t be like this… …
You said it wasn’t a dream?
“I killed them all. People, Ryan’s brother, all living things… … Animals and plants literally did not have a single blade of grass left.
“Sirone!”
Sirone’s head jumped up at Lian’s voice.
“Lian??????
Rian, who came running in an instant, grabbed Sirone by the shoulder and examined her body.
“are you okay? What happened?”
“Lian, you… … You are safe.”
“People are fine. A shield that I don’t know what is unfolding. It’s probably that flying object.”
While Sirone watched the ship receding, Lian briefly recounted what had happened.
“It rained light…
I couldn’t see it with my own eyes, but it was a phenomenon that I created, so just imagining it was terrifying.
‘I tried to destroy the world.’ Ryan rubbed his shoulder.
“are you okay. Anyway, we’re all right. The demons were also wiped out. let’s go back I need to find my brother.”
Sirone’s heart sank.
“Probably my older brother was also protected by a shield. Sheesh, you should have listened to me when you asked me to go with you.”
“Lian… …
Lian, who couldn’t hear Sirone’s voice, kept looking around to find Gai.
“Did you run away already? Even if you get injured… …
“Lian!”
Sirone, unable to watch Lian worry about his brother, raised his head and shouted.
“what’s the matter? Your face is pale.” Sirone opened his mouth.
What came to my mind when my head turned white was self-destructive language.
“I killed him.”
“huh?”
“I killed Guy.”
Ryan’s eyes calmed down.
“I don’t know. It looks like a dream, but no, it’s not a dream. I think Guy saved me. So I… …
“Sirone.”
As Lian approached, speaking in a subdued voice, Sirone cried out.
“Rian! I want your family… … !”
Lian hugged Sirone with his broad shoulders.
“are you okay.”
It was even more frightening to know that it was sincere.
“You just need to be alive. It doesn’t matter who you killed, as long as you’re safe. I’ll take care of everything.”
Tears ran down Sirone’s cheeks.
“I am very tired. You fought non-stop take a little rest You will feel refreshed after taking a deep breath.”
Lian is a child with a lot of affection, so there’s no way he’ll be okay.
‘I’m going to shoulder that.’
Sirone’s consciousness, which had no choice but to lean on Rian even with her soul, began to drift away.
At the end of it, Guy’s words suddenly came to mind.
‘Magyeni, Yahweh’s anger… …
The strongest is Lian.

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 864 - B(4).txt
===============================
rain (4)
? * ?
When the magnetic shield sent from the ark was released, the Jincheon army finally advanced to Gustaf’s capital.
The army had no words, and could not invent words.
“Is it like this?”
No trace of demons could be found in the world that was completely flattened by particles of light.
Absolutely overwhelming victory.
“What the hell are we talking about!” Victory for what?
The phenomenon that transcended the limits of human physics and arithmetic left them helpless.
“The countless soldiers who have fought so far! The people of Jincheon who died innocently! we are!”
There was not even anything to complain about.
“What are you here for!”
If one man’s anger was all that was needed to end the world, what would be the hearts of those who remained?
Yahweh’s wrath erased the Gustav Empire from the map, leaving a sense of collapse in the world.
“Captain! The storm is getting stronger!”
A powerful storm corresponding to category six rode the continent, but there was nothing to fly away.
Tarak! Tat tat tat!
Shirone, who fell asleep deep in the ground, heard the sound of rain falling into a dream.
“Huh!”
Though not in her memory, her body knew that So Jeong-hwa’s lightdrops had destroyed the world.
” are you okay?”
Hear Ryan’s voice in the dark
lied
“Here?”
As I inquired without thinking about finding where he was, a torch was lit on the right.
Dozens of people were sitting in a space over 30 pyeong that Ryan had dug out.
Fear and resentment were mixed in their expressions as they looked at Sirone.
Gustaf was a place protected by demons, and now they have lost even their place to live.
Ryan said looking up at the ceiling.
“A typhoon is blowing. Let’s stay here for the time being.”
It was a strong wind that Lian had never seen before, but since there was nothing built on the ground, it would quickly recede.
“I want to go.”
Sirone said weakly.
“Let’s go.” Lian looked at Sirone, who was lowering her head with a somber expression, and was lost in her thoughts.
He is obviously the number one contributor to the victory, but I also understood the desire to get away from the people of Gustaf.
“Okay, let’s go.”
When Lian got up, the old man murmured.
“You are crazy. It will be blown away by the wind.”
“If rain breaks through the ground, collect water. If you hold out for two days, the typhoon will disappear.”
Because it was Lian who made a shelter in the basement with a few knife cuts, people didn’t stop it anymore.
“Get on your back.”
When Lian leaned forward, Sirone shook her head.
“I can go alone. And you’ll have to cast magic to get across the storm.”
“No, get some more rest. You are very tired. I’m going to break through with axing. get carried away by me.”
Sirone, the world’s strongest magician, can recover his mental power with just a few hours of sleep.
But what hurt him was his heart.
After thinking for a moment, Sirone sat on his back as if he had made up his mind, and Lian stood up.
‘It’s so light.’
Although Lian could lift a rock, his friend’s body surprisingly did not feel the weight.
It seemed to have dried up.
“let’s go.”
I held the straight sword in my right hand against the ceiling and pushed it upward with all my might, and a hole was punched through.
With people staring blankly at him, Lian escaped the shelter with a single leap.
Woo woo woo woo!
A strong wind hit the two, but Lian’s body, which had been denied, was not pushed away.
It was pouring rain, and the angle of the raindrops was almost level.
“Whoa.”
Lian, who held a large sword in front of him to cut through the wind, asked as he slowly moved his steps.
“where should we go?”
Sirone hugged Lian’s neck like a child who had lost her place to lean on.
“… … Lian.”
After walking aimlessly for 10 minutes, Si Lone spoke.
“Aren’t you resentful of me?”
Ryan thought.
‘If you say you’re not resentful… … Will Sirone believe it?
Even if it was an unavoidable situation, is it possible that there is no hatred for the person who killed his family?
“I am sad that my brother died.”
Her voice was drowned out by the sound of the wind, but Sirone was listening through Lian’s back.
“I wanted to talk more. But Sirone, I do not resent you.”
“Because you took an oath to be a knight?”
“It could be… …
Ryan said honestly.
“But there’s nothing like a knight’s oath. There are countless knights in the world, and they betray their lord. The reason I don’t blame you is not because I took an oath to be a knight, but because you are my lord.”
Sirone was so tired that he couldn’t immediately recall the difference between the two cases.
“It’s not your fault. If you decide to do something, I believe there must be a very big and deep reason that I haven’t thought of.”
“It’s a cause.”
Sirone hugged Lian’s neck tightly.
“Will my family think so too?” Ryan couldn’t answer.
“Can Rayna noona, Grandpa Klumph, and Uncle Bischoff believe me?”
“Let’s go to the ivory tower.”
The wizards of the Ivory Tower would be able to soothe Sirone’s heart.
“I’m going to Tormia.”
“Sirone.”
“I will go to the Ogent family and ask for forgiveness. I don’t think I can do anything until then.”
Lian silently turned slowly.
Woo woo woo woo!
A typhoon hit the two with a burning sound.
There was nothing on the ground.
The sea of Jincheon was on fire.
“Kuaaa!” In the midst of the flames, Mitura, the commander of the 8th corps, fought with all his might, but it was not enough to stop the four warriors.
“Oh, demons… …
Shouldn’t it be open now?
“The lesser one.”
Soaring 100 meters into the air, Minerva sucked in the smoking pipe and emitted smoke.
When the combustible gas created a fire and chemical reaction, an explosion occurred that blew away the entire sea.
“Oohhhh!”
Mithura, burning in steam, roared with his limbs spread out.
“I will kill them all!”
Amanta of the Balance Department led the way.
“It’s a bluff. keep going.”
As he predicted, the Pandemonium did not open, and the remaining three launched an all-out attack.
“Keah! Whoops!”
Mitura was miserable.
“why… …
Can’t open the demon realm?
Even if he pushed his heart with the determination to self-destruct, it only converged to the limit and could not reach his destination.
“It seems that the state of mind is separate from strength.”
Fried raised his sword and charged.
“But sometimes that’s all.” Although they do not have the ability to open the demon realm, Oh Dae-seong is a person whose convictions transcend death.
“Can you tell me why I can’t open the Pandemonium?”
Mithura, bound by the Law of Singh, looked up at Fried as he soared into the sky.
“The things you can’t open, the things you can’t open.”
The mind is truly mysterious.
“Eh!”
Mitura shouted, the Pandemonium did not open, and Fried’s sword cut his throat.
Mithura’s face, which fell into the sea with a plunge, was sunk into the abyss with a surprised expression.
“It is over.”
As soon as Fried drew his sword, three five great stars quickly flew around.
“The demons have fled. What happened?”
Mitura was an unprepared bastard, but it was unusual for him to disobey the command of the army commander and scatter.
“It must have been related to Gustav. With Sirone gone, it must have been resolved in some way.”
It was not long before they heard the news about So Jung-hwa and were shocked.
Thing said.
“Let’s leave this to Jincheon and return to the Ivory Tower. We need to come up with measures later.”
There was no disagreement, and the four Daesungs headed straight across the sea to the North Pole.
Jincheon survived.
The 11th Corps, which occupied the south, was fighting a fierce battle chasing a party of only three people.
The corps commanders had already been annihilated by Gaold, but they still had over 10 million troops.
“There! Kill!”
Gaold wearing a tattered coat, Gangnan standing by his side, and Zulu summoning a cougar prepared for battle.
Gangnan said.
“Leave this to us. Get some rest.”
Gaold’s condition was serious, his hair was white and his bones were adjacent.
“Are you going to rest?”
There was no rest in Ga Old’s life at the point of refusing eternal rest.
“what is that?”
As always, Gaold marched straight ahead toward the oncoming army.
The power of apostasy will annihilate the demons, but Gaold’s magic guarantees pain.
‘I can hold on.’
If you come this far and give up, wouldn’t it be too unfair for the years you’ve endured?
“maze.”
Gaold’s eyes turned upwards.
‘Air press.’
Pain is… … .
“huh?”
When you open your eyes, what you see is completely different from the demons surrounding you.
the smell of the air.
‘ what?’
The hideous demons with blades instead of arms charged at Gaold.
“die??????!”
I fired the air gun reflexively, and the grotesquely twisted body was torn to shreds.
‘Where are you?’
With his mind unorganized, the brigade commander raised a hammer behind Ga Old.
“Dangerous!”
Kang Nan kicked off the ground and flew up, hitting the brigade commander’s face with his knee.
The face of the monster was crushed by the power of divine transcendence, and Gangnan turned his head as soon as he landed.
“What are you doing! Open the exit quickly!”
“hour… …
Gaold, who was muttering, asked.
“What day is it today?”
Kang Nan frowned at the sudden noise, but he didn’t even have time to argue.
“The 16th! What’s the matter?”
“The 16th?”
The memory of the 4 days from the time of air press to the large army was deleted.
“Damn it.”
Although he suffered short-term memory loss after the autoreciprocal mutation, this was the first case of such an extended period.
“All attack!”
From the sky, demons wearing bat wings fired fireballs at Gaold and Gangnan.
“Gaold… … !”
At the same time as Kang Nan shouted, Gao De’s eyes lit up and the atmospheric pressure soared.
“Aaaaaaa!”
He grabbed his head and shouted, and Gangnan and Zulu, who were walking on the sandy beach, looked back.
“sick? Not too often these days
is it?”
Gaold looked around.
‘ocean. Is it the end of the island?’
I could see that Gangnan’s clothes had been burned.
“When were you hurt?”
“I only got a little burnt while breaking through the siege in the morning. We were together. What’s the matter?”
This time it was about 6 hours.
Zulu, realizing that Gaold’s condition was strange, spoke taciturnly.
“Tell me why. We need to know if we want to keep fighting.”
” I am… … ”
memory is lost
“Aaaaaaaaa!”
When he came to his senses, he felt tremendous pain, and demons surrounded him on all sides.
“I will avenge the corps commander!” The cylindrical pillars of the air press were pushing the demons down, but Gaold was too unfamiliar.
‘What am I?’
why are you fighting?
“Retreat for now! Too many! You said that the power of apostasy is gradually diminishing.”
Was it?
‘The power has weakened?’
Because you can’t handle the pain.
“Wait a minute.”
Gaold overcame the force of force pulling on her coat and put his hand on her shoulder.
“Why again?”
” I am??????
Gaold asked with an incomprehensible expression.
“Why are you fighting?”
“To have a labyrinth. Because she wants you to fight. That’s Okay?” Gaold’s pupils shook.
“maze.”
… … Who was it?
Gangnan gritted his teeth and said.
“you… … Be honest. do you have something Are we hiding something?”
“Ah, the maze.”
remembered
“Nothing. It’s just that my thoughts are complicated these days. Let’s get out anyway.”
The moment Gaold took a step, Kang Nan grabbed him.
“Really?”
“Because it is.”
Gangnan’s eyes widened.
“Do you know? That you asked me the same question you asked me two hours ago.” Gaold was unable to answer.

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 865 - Groggy (1).txt
===============================
Groggy (1)
“You don’t remember?”
Gaold, Gangnan, and Zulu sat in a circle on the sandy beach where a bonfire was lit.
“It has been like that before. It got better for a while, then it got a little worse. But the biggest problem is… …
Gaold raised his face glistening in the torchlight.
“There is no standard for memory disappearing.”
I turned around, but Kang Nan understood.
“maze.”
Since his days as the president of the association, his memories have been out whenever he was bored, but he never forgot about the maze.
Gaold asked why they were fighting.
‘It hurts too much, and as a result the pain soars without knowing the limit, even the essence is lost.’
Gangnan asked.
“If you don’t remember the maze… …
“It doesn’t matter.”
Gaold was adamant.
“I don’t feel particularly anxious about it. It doesn’t matter if I forget the maze. But the reason I’m speaking honestly to you guys is because of concerns about the weakening of our power. If you forget the maze, you won’t be able to exert the power of apostasy.”
“That’s the problem now!”
Gangran broke out.
“You don’t even know why we’re fighting! Suffering to death! Go back to Zion even now! Go ahead and talk to Miro! This is the limit!”
“And then?”
Kang Nan shrank in front of Gaold’s gaze.
“leave. Take the maze and leave. Run away anywhere and live happily ever after. Miro said that too.”
“… … It did.”
Gangnan realized.
Miro had promised to do so, so Gaold couldn’t go to her.
“Stupid human.”
Gaold smiled painfully.
“Hey, don’t drive me so strangely. I am a wizard too. I can’t solve my intuition without seeing the end. It’s a bad situation anyway. Let’s focus on solving the problem.”
Zulu said.
“It’s just that I can’t remember, it doesn’t mean that reason has disappeared. If you calmly understand yourself, you won’t make mistakes in battle. The problem is that the power has weakened.”
Gaold rested his chin and thought.
“It’s powerful… …
There was no way it would feel good to leave the maze and become weak as a single wizard.
‘Is there a greater pain than love?’
More than anything, it was humiliating to have one’s mind set to the number of apperception.
“You’ll need shock therapy.” “It’s a maze.” Three people entered the maze’s room where they were immersed in meditation.
Standing behind him were the officers Armin and Kuan, and Lilya, now a full-fledged mage.
“I’m here?”
When Miro opened her eyes, the quiet energy disappeared, revealing the true nature of human beings.
She had thinned a lot since Gaold left, but her beautiful figure hadn’t faded.
Sein asked.
“Are you really okay? Eating too little Sleep time is very short. I can’t fight like this.”
“It’s rather helpful.”
The drier the body, the sharper the mind.
Although her body would be damaged if this situation continued, she was preparing for the final battle.
“Since the psychic realm has disappeared, there is no need for many people in Zion. I will start my activities from now on.”
So it was the three people who called.
“Quan, Armin, and Lilia go to Tormia. Stop the army of hell there.”
Quan asked.
“Why Tormia? The demons haven’t come to Kazura yet.”
“50% of the demons were wiped out by the small purification, but the corps commanders must have survived. If they gather in the central continent, it’s only a matter of time before they break through. Tormia is the only barrier. and??????
Miro raised an eyebrow.
“You want to go? Tormia.”
There was Olifer Shiina.
While Kuan was silent and lost in thought, Lilia nodded her head vigorously.
“yes. Then, we will set off as soon as we are ready.”
The three people who were leaving for Tormia left the room, but Sein was still there.
“It’s a maze.”
Miro shook his head because he knew what Sain was trying to say.
“Stop leaving. Because it interferes with concentration.”
The conversation always ended here.
However, now that the psychic realm was sealed and activities were freed, Se-in pushed hard.
“Are you really not going to meet me?”
Miro was speechless.
“It is not an exaggeration to say that he destroyed the southern region by himself. He doesn’t have much time.”
“You will be able to hold on.”
“doesn’t exist. No matter how strong the mind is, the brain is a physical organ. endurance limit
There is a law.”
There was no way I didn’t know it was her.
“Gaold is not coming. so you have to go Go check his status. These are military instructions.”
Miro stuck out her lower lip.
“Then what if I ask you to start living?” Sein turned around.
“… … I’m glad you have the strength to do that.”
The door is closed.
The Gustav Empire was nothing like when the planet was first born.
The demons were almost wiped out, but that didn’t mean that not a single one was left behind.
It was because the quick-witted demons hurriedly fled when the corps commanders left the empire.
The surviving demons scattered all over the world and spread what they saw.
– It rained. bombardment of light.
-Everything is destroyed! The demons, the world, everything was wiped away without a single one left!
Rumors spread quickly. -It was the first time that Yahweh was so scary. Never, never anger him.
-We will all perish! He won’t forgive us!
I was half out of my mind.
– I, I saw! I ended up seeing something I shouldn’t have seen! Aaaaaaaaa!
All the demons who heard the rumor shuddered in fear of Yahweh without exception.
3 weeks passed like that.
It was the point when Sirone and Lian crossed the Akkad Desert and arrived at the border of the Central Continent.
Lian, who was riding the warhorse he had discovered two days ago, said to Sirone, who was sitting on his back.
“Probably the Kingdom of Bornai.” It used to be like that, but now it was ruined by the war with the demons.
Sirone was silent as if dead.
It’s natural that I don’t have the strength to speak because I’ve starved for days, but what’s more serious than that is the wall in my heart.
On the way here, Lian told us what had happened in the Gustav Empire.
A bombardment that wiped out an empire in just a few hours.
Perhaps the planet would have perished if he hadn’t met Gai on some world.
After hearing that, Sirone didn’t say anything about menstrual activity.
‘The shock must be great.’
Great power is a magician’s dream, but that was when it was controllable.
So Jung-hwa’s disaster was the first uncontrollable magic in Sirone’s life.
“Let’s get some food first.”
Unlike the desert, the central continent is a place where civilization flourished, so you should be able to find food.
After riding for two hours, they arrived at a terribly destroyed city.
In terms of location, it was probably named ‘Arka’, but there was no way to confirm it.
Stepping on the knocked-down door through the wall, I saw the remains of buildings that had been dismantled into bricks.
Lian was relieved to see rats roaming among the rotting corpses.
“huh?”
Ryan gently grabbed the horse’s reins.
‘To live.’
It was a low-level killing that anyone who had experienced war to some extent could feel, but there were quite a few of them.
“Speak, say.”
Haggard-looking people appeared from all sides holding spears.
Giving up surprise and relying on numbers meant being an untrained civilian.
“Come down. That’s ours.” They didn’t even seem to have any experience of looting.
“Who is the captain?”
Based on this situation, Lian realized that they were self-sufficient survivors in a destroyed city.
cried the old man who had lost his teeth.
“I told you to get off! That’s ours! I really want to die!”
It wasn’t a threat to Lian, and Sirone was just staring at the ground, not paying attention at all.
“stop. I’m a soldier. You can’t deal with it.”
Looking up at the top of the collapsed building, I saw a woman with her hair cut short like a man’s, holding a long sword.
Leaping down from a height of 4 meters, she strode toward Lian.
“Is it a loser? How did you get here?”
“It is the way home. If you just let go, we will leave quietly.”
“Where is your hometown?”
“Tormia.”
The corner of the woman’s mouth went up coldly.
“Good. I still have a place to return to. Say goodbye and leave. We will use it for our food.”
Horses were Lian and Sirone’s food.
“I can’t. Again, I don’t want to fight. You guys are not thieves either.”
“thief?”
The woman was offended.
“Seeing that you have a small conscience, I can see how you survived. Did you, before, do it right?”
From her point of view, Lian and Sirone were in their early twenties at the most.
“I don’t know because you’re a high noble, but the justice you cried out for is already dead. If you don’t speak up… …
Rian didn’t even reveal his intent to kill, but the woman’s throat would be cut if she crossed a certain line.
“Give me.”
Sirone opened his mouth.
“Just give it away, Lian.”
“Sirone.”
“I don’t want to argue with anyone.”
Sirone needed time to think.
“Huh, as expected, the young master is quick-witted. Yes, it is a life saved, but I cannot throw it away here.”
Ryan suggested.
“I’ll pass the horse, so pass me some meat. Can you do that much?”
“A little meat? crazy guy Even a handful of burnt seeds is the weight of life here. By the way, do you want meat?” She turned around and said she was a woman.
“The horse will be slaughtered and dried. Follow me. We’ll treat you to a bowl of porridge for us to eat.”
Since he had to eat something for now, Lian got off the horse and carried Sirone on his back.
The place they arrived at was a temporary shelter divided by building rubble and a bonfire was burning.
100 survivors were doing their own thing, such as repairing the camp or cooking porridge.
The wood burning area was warm, but Sirone insisted on a cold corner.
“Are these all survivors?” The woman laughed bitterly.
“At first it was more. Most died of disease. There were so many corpses. Those who are still alive should be considered to have strong vitality.”
The woman threw down two blankets.
“write. It’s one piece per person. Meals will be distributed in an hour. While you’re here, follow the rules.”
Lian went back to Sirone without a word.
“Sirone, cover this and put your eyes on it for a while.”
One was wrapped around Sirone’s shoulders, and his own was placed on Sirone’s knees.
The man who was watching from afar laughed.
“Can I be your lover? It is extremely sincere.” It was a luxury to care for others in this shelter, and it was also a rule.
“A new recruit came in?”
A man’s voice came from behind Ryan.
When I turned my head, a cold-looking man with a woman was approaching.
“I got a horse. I’ll leave in a little while.”
The woman said, but the man didn’t even respond and looked at Lian and Sirone alternately.
“What are you doing?”
At once, the man with a wrinkled expression pointed at the two blankets covering Sirone.
“You should have ordered one per person?”
“I gave you mine. Doesn’t it matter?”
“no. There is no notion that this shelter is mine. There is only the notion that it is ours. Take it right away and cover it for you.”
He could hand over the horse, but he couldn’t yield to Sirone’s convenience.
“You are free to use what you have been supplied. What right do you have to even look at that?”
“Because I am the manager of this shelter.”
As the man spread his palms, sparks rose.
“I am a wizard. Is this enough to qualify?” While Rian remained silent, Sirone only looked forward with a nonchalant gaze.

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 866 - Groggy (2).txt
===============================
Groggy (2)
The name of the man managing the nameless shelter was a wizard named Veterus.
He didn’t reveal anything other than his name, but he smelled like a soldier from the way he commanded the shelter.
‘Betelrus.’
If he was a famous wizard, he would have heard of it, but he had never heard of it.
Shirone, who was more knowledgeable about the wizarding society than Rian, did not react much, but even if he knew, it would have been the same.
“now! Get the tent work done quickly. It will rain tonight.” The person who actually led the survivors was Shelter’s second-in-command, a woman named Marine.
She was also a soldier, but looking at her relationship with Veterus, it seemed like they hadn’t known each other before.
‘Is it a deserter?’
Hell’s armies are so powerful that running away is not something anyone can do.
He had left the unit before the battle, and it was reasonable to think so.
“Hey, newcomer! You guys come quickly and help! Unless you want to sleep outside!”
Perhaps it was the aftermath of a typhoon that landed on the Gustav Empire, and it often rained in the Central Continent.
Since the war horse had already been handed over, Lian decided to stay in the shelter until the rain stopped.
“Get out of the way, I’ll do it.”
With 100 survivors, it was too much for them to clear the bodies and collect food from nearby areas.
The shelter was still a mess, and above all, heavy building debris was obstructing the work.
When Lian lifted a rock the size of a human torso, people’s eyes changed.
“wow.”
When Lian lightly threw a rock with a rock over his shoulder, it flew several meters and landed with a thump.
Marin, sensing the power of the schema, asked.
“Do you have enough strength? I wondered why he was carrying such a large sword. Who did you learn from?”
Although he was influenced by numerous swordsmen, there was no one he could call his master.
“well. If you have to say, from everything?”
Lian laughed as if he thought it was a philosophy that didn’t suit him even if he said it himself.
Marin also frowned slightly and asked if he thought he was being c*cky.
“What is your name?”
Rian looked back at Sirone.
Even when people stared at him, he didn’t care, he just seemed lost in thought.
‘It will take some time.’
Leaving quietly was the way for Sirone.
“just… …
When Lian stopped talking, Marin was even more displeased.
“it’s okay. Being expensive.”
Since he was going to leave after the rain stopped, she didn’t ask any further questions.
“hey! There kid!”
A man in his mid-40s who was cleaning up debris on the floor couldn’t stand it and pointed at Sirone.
“I can’t see everyone working now! Do you know that you are still a noble? Hurry up and help!”
Sirone did not respond.
‘Nobility.’
The memories of being born as a mountaineer’s child and becoming the five great stars of the Ivory Tower passed by quickly.
‘Something like me.’
A self-deprecating smile appeared, which came as an insult to the man.
“This kid is really… …
coup
The ground trembled as the huge rock crashed.
While the man turned around with a surprised expression, Lian threw a rock twice as big as before and said,
“Leave me alone. Shouldn’t I work twice as much as my friend?”
“Yeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee!”
The man clenched his fists, but when he saw the size of the rock Lian had thrown, he let go of his anger.
“Sheesh! Unlucky child!”
When Lian continued to work without muttering even after hearing the curse, Marin approached him.
“Why is your friend like that? Did you lose your mind from the shock of the war?”
It wasn’t exactly wrong.
“It’s similar.”
The woman clicked her tongue.
“It’s good that you survived. How are you going to live in the future with such a weakness?”
Ryan was worried about that too.
‘I’m very tired.’
beaten by the world
Just because he didn’t kneel and endured until the end doesn’t mean that the spot he was beaten doesn’t hurt.
Can Sirone love the world again?
“It’s so pitiful.”
Veterus, who was supervising from a distance, passed Lian and quickly approached Sirone.
Ryan said in a low tone.
“hey.”
But Veterus didn’t care and lit a flame in front of Sirone.
At the same time, the body of Marin who was next to him froze as the murderous blood that rose from Lian.
“omg.”
My heart felt as if my heart would burst as the screams rising from my stomach choked my throat.
When Veterus casts a fireball outside the shelter instead of Sirone, Lian’s lifespan disappeared like a lie.
“Haaaaa.”
The feeling of the tension disappearing was like an orgasm, and I let out a moan.
‘What was it? The feeling from a while ago… … It was a stimulus and a feeling that exceeded the category that could be imagined based on experience.
Rian’s eyes were fixed on Veterus.
“Did you see it? That is magic.” Sirone didn’t even turn his head.
“What do you think I must have done to acquire this ability? I trained my mind every day and trained without rest.”
Veterus’ eyes were filled with disgust.
“It was an unimaginable pain for someone like you. Still, he gritted his teeth and endured. Even in a world like this, they struggle to survive somehow.”
For the first time, Sirone’s gaze turned to Veterus.
“Do you know why I hate you? Because it is selfish. If I were you, I would have stood up no matter how hard it was! I would have done anything!”
“I guess so. but… …
Sirone said weakly.
“You are not me.”
Veterus, who was very feverish, grabbed Sirone by the collar and pulled him.
“wake up! Nothing is impossible! You can’t do anything because you’re soaked in defeat! Don’t expect someone to do it for you, grit your teeth and move!”
“I don’t want to do anything.”
Sirone’s body seemed to be stuck to the floor, and Veterus roughly threw his neck.
“Sheesh! Do you know how good the world is? Who isn’t having a hard time here? You don’t have to at least pretend.”
Sirone pulled her leg and fell into thought.
‘ I see.’
No matter how hard you try, no matter how much pain you endure, no one understands Sirone’s life.
How will Betelus react when he hears the name of the Five Great Stars of the Ivory Tower?
‘word! word! word! I’m sick of it.’
Since Sirone was also a human, she couldn’t help but hate the demons who slaughtered people.
But on the other hand, I wondered if we were so great at defining the whole by looking at one side of a person.
‘If it’s not something I’ll live for… …
Humans need to be a little more silent about others.
“You pitiful bastard. Watching until today Get out of here as soon as it dawns tomorrow.” Veterus was still angry, but Marin finally felt the seriousness of the situation.
Lian’s life was only for a moment, but it was enough to change her mind, having survived in the army.
“Veterus, look at me for a second.”
“what’s the matter?”
Just when I thought Marin’s face was not good, I heard the sound of a flying object outside the shelter.
“Hahaha! found! Human, human!”
When the survivors looked up pale, they saw red things flying outside the unfinished tent.
“Eh, it’s a demon.”
It was unexpected that demons had come to a place where there were only a little over 100 humans.
“Damn it! Everyone in a defensive posture……
Before Veterus could give instructions, dozens of fireballs fell and devastated the surroundings.
“Aww! Save people!”
Sirone and Lian were the only ones who did not move in the shelter that had become a mess.
“Don’t burn! You have to eat!” Seeing the number of Demons who landed on the ground folding their wings, Veterus trembled.
‘Too many… …
Well over thirty.
However, that was Betelus’s standard, and Sirone and Lian didn’t have it.
‘It’s not an army. The other side is also a deserter.’
There was no emotional agitation for the two people who had dealt with at least 10,000 to 10,000,000 units.
The demons, over 2 meters tall and with long spear-like tails, stroked the stomach and spoke in human language.
“I thought it was a joke here too, but I thought there were humans. I thought she was dying of hunger, but that’s great.”
“what? There’s a girl over there too! Kiki Kiki!”
Veterus realized that the explosion of fireballs had come at a very bad time.
‘damn! Because of that guy… … !’
When he turned his head with bitter eyes, Sirone’s still indifferent face looked even more hateful.
“There are quite a few people. Don’t give me a choice.”
As if they were enjoying entertainment after a long time, the demons relaxed and pointed at people.
“First, it only eats half of it for us. Second, each person cuts off one arm and one leg and offers it.”
No matter what you choose, it would be enough for 30 demons to eat.
“Give me time. Coordinating opinions… …
“What’s so great about coordination? You seem to be the leader, but make your own decisions.”
Veterus swallowed.
As long as the first condition was to sacrifice only half, he could live unconditionally.
‘All I have to do is put up with a moment of shame.’
Marin’s eyes conveyed the same meaning.
“I’ll save half of it.”
“Puhehehe! OK, that’s fun too. Then, would you pick out those who will be eaten quickly? We are very hungry.”
It’s probably going to be a difficult decision, but choosing the first victim was all too easy.
Veterus pointed at Sirone.
“That guy.”
“Wow, this guy is so cold? Without even thinking about it! good anyway Hey, you win!”
Sirone did not move.
“hey! come this way! The captain here sold you!”
“Puhehehe! I was terrified. Okay, if you’re escaping reality, I’ll have to wake you up.”
The demons standing behind slammed the reptilian claws on the ground and approached Sirone.
“Hey, hey, kid! Wake.”
The demon with a convex smile shook his shoulders, but Sirone didn’t even turn his head.
“Cheuk, I’m completely out of my mind
The Demon, who bent his side at 90 degrees and peered into Sirone’s face, stopped talking.
A very long silence ensued.
“What are you doing? bring it quickly We are hungry.”
The demon’s lips opened softly.
“uh… …
It seemed like he was choosing his words, but in reality, nothing came to his mind.
“Uh, uh… …
The demon, who had been walking backwards slowly with a terrified expression, thumped his butt.
“OMG… … Aaaaaa… …
It was the first time that the survivors, even Veterus and Marin, who had served in the army, were terrified by the demons.
‘Why are you like that?’
As if not knowing that he had fallen, the demon’s legs were still pretending to take a backward step.
“Run away, run away.”
“escape? Why do we run away… …
Before he could finish his words, the demon in front of Sirone crawled on the floor with both hands and shouted.
“Yahweh daaaaa!”
Sirone turned her head.
The moment they checked his face, the demons remembered the heavy rain of light that fell on the Gustav Empire.
“Keeeh!”
The moment they spread their wings all at once, screaming with a face that had lost their soul.
“stop.”
“At your height?????!”
As the screams stopped, the demons stopped moving.
“You guys, come over here for a second.”
In front of Yahweh, who blew up the entire empire, he couldn’t even think of running away.
As the 30 Demons walked away, paying attention, Veterus’s face went blank.
‘Yahweh?’
A story like a myth that I heard a lot in the military.
“Infinite Mage?”

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 867 - Groggy (3).txt
===============================
Groggy (3)
Marin turned to Veterus and looked at Sirone again with a shocked face.
She also knew a lot of mythical events because she didn’t have a short time to eat on the battlefield.
‘If that boy is Yahweh… …
And among those myths, there was a story of a swordsman cutting off demons and ending Kashan.
‘Mach’s knight.’
Even though the demons came close to me, I could see Lee An, who was not nervous and was checking the weather.
‘Why are these guys here?’
Wasn’t it the appearance of a defeated soldier?
According to her common sense, whether it was a temple or an army of a foreign country, it was normal to support and serve.
Thirty demons gathered in a circle, and Sirone pointed out one.
“Come this way.”
“Me, me?”
He denied the reality and looked around, but no demons met their eyes.
The reason why Sojeonghwa is scary is that the particles of light fundamentally destroy the information of the demons.
The surviving demons were already aware of that fact, and Sirone in front of them looked like a Buddha.
“I want to ask you something.”
The Demon Clan approached and crouched down at the place Sirone pointed out.
“How can I summon Shiok?”
“Shiok?”
The demons were the inhabitants of the other side of the world, but very few people had even heard of Siok.
As Sirone stared at her, the demon shook her shoulder and shook her hand.
“I really don’t know! I’ve never heard of it!”
I thought so.
“You have nothing to fear. I am neither Yahweh nor Buddha. I am just a normal human being.”
There was strangeness in the corner of the demon’s eyes.
‘Neither Yahweh nor Buddha?’
If it were true, the demons would no longer have to fear Sirone.
“Jung, are you really?”
“okay.”
The demon looked back at his comrades behind him, shrugged, and pointed a finger at Sirone.
“Aren’t you angry?”
As if dealing with explosives, he pricked Sirone’s cheek cautiously, but the heavy rain of light did not fall.
“okay. I told you, I’m just a normal human being.”
The corners of the mouth of the demon, who was lost in thought with shocked eyes, strangely tore.
“Cheuk, that’s right, that’s it!”
The murderous spirits that rose from the demons assimilated with those of the comrades standing behind them and bloomed like fireworks.
“Keugh!”
Veterus and Marin hurriedly took a defensive posture, but if they acted, it was impossible to block them.
“What are you doing?”
Marin shouted at Lian, who was still watching.
“You have to stop it quickly!”
Even if it is not the realm of Yahweh, it is not a sirone that will be beaten by 30 demons.
However, there was a deeper meaning to the reason why Lian didn’t move.
“Guys! Opportunity!”
Demons with their sharp teeth exposed, gathered at Sirone with thumping footsteps.
“Abominable Yahweh, no, a human being! From now on, I’m going to rub all over your flesh
weekend!”
The moment the demon called by Sirone stood up arrogantly and raised his claws, Sirone said.
“And now.”
A radiance of light spread from Sirone’s body and rose like a haze.
“He became Yahweh again.”
It was the light of Yahweh.
Looking at the haze of light that rose to a height of 10 meters, the demons were devastated.
“Bad baby.”
Seeing Sirone cursed by the demons, Lian burst into laughter.
‘Realization is not about losing.’ It is just a certain form of spirit that can be reached at any time by flipping the mind.
Of course, reversing that mind is the most difficult thing for someone, but the wizard was an expert in handling the mind.
“come here.”
When Sirone, enveloped in light, gestured, the legs of the demons trembled.
However, I couldn’t refuse, and the demon with the raised nails quietly sat down.
As Sirone stretched out her hand toward the red and vicious face, the demon’s eyes were tightly closed.
“sorry.”
At first, I doubted my ears.
When she opened her eyes to the gentle caress of her cheek, Sirone’s eyes were filled with sadness.
“I didn’t try to understand with my heart. They judged only by the result without looking at the cause.”
Just like Veterus had cut Syrone.
“The cause of your birth lies in humans. Since I was born from evil in the first place, it must be unfair.”
The demon trembled.
“What are you doing now? Saying something like that will only cause hives.”
“Repent. Let’s save the world together with me.”
The demon lowered his head.
“… … Thank you for saying that.”
I could feel the incomparable sense of life in the body of the slowly rising demon.
“We can’t do that. Just as you cannot live without eating, this is natural for Ma.”
Sirone’s eyelids fell halfway down.
“This is your last chance.”
“Yahweh, destroy us. If you could suffer from that, the demons attacked at the same time.
“The best fun for us!”
The moment 30 of them attacked Sirone, there was an explosion of light that was blinding.
Hundreds of light curtains per second hit the eardrums, leaving no trace of the demons.
“oh my god… …
Marin couldn’t even figure out what had happened, and neither did Veterus.
“Is this magic?”
No wizard on the battlefield could turn the demons into powder in such a short time.
The survivors who looked down on Sirone quietly retreated, but Sirone was immersed in other thoughts.
‘My pain is my pleasure.’
We reached the stage of understanding them, but true fraternity still seemed far away.
“Let’s go, Lian.”
When Sirone jumped up and stood up, Lian silently followed behind.
“Please wait a moment!”
Veterus came over and knelt down.
“Take me with you! please!”
Marin did not lose and joined.
“Me too! I beg you to follow in the footsteps of the great prosecutor.”
I didn’t want to take Sirone with me.
No one seemed to be able to accept it until he apologized to the Ogent family.
said Ryan.
“If they follow us, what about the remaining survivors? Weren’t you guys responsible?”
“That, that… …
“Forget what happened today. It doesn’t matter what you guys did. We go our way.”
Veterus bit his lip.
‘damn! this opportunity… … Rian said it didn’t matter, but Veterus couldn’t regret ignoring Sirone that much.
‘I should have noticed from the beginning. If I had been good, I would have taken him… …
Lian turned to Sirone.
“It’s raining, will you be okay? Would you rather ask?”
“no. It’s done now.”
When Sirone lightly threw <Law Kill> and activated the ability of the material, metal began to stick to it.
What landed with a thud was a gigantic quadrupedal monster.
“Let’s go by watering can.”
Rian nodded and got on the sprinkler, and Shiro-you slowly followed.
The stares of the survivors, who were surprised to see the water spray, were clearly felt on the back of Sirone’s head.
Sirone stopped walking and raised her head.
“Rian.”
Ryan realized what he wanted to say.
“Do whatever you want.”
The responsibility of killing Guy was too much for her, so Sirone didn’t want to take responsibility for anything for the time being.
‘but… …
You can’t do anything wrong.
“Everyone follow me. I’ll give you a ride until there is a city nearby.”
Survivors looked bewildered.
“Hey, are you taking us?”
She wasn’t the type to dwell on decisions she had already made, so Sirone smiled.
“yes. It’s dangerous here. Let’s go somewhere safe.”
Sirone also said this to Veterus.
“I simply pack the necessary items and food. We will leave in 10 minutes.”
“why… …
Beterus was puzzled.
“Why do you care about us? Didn’t you even recognize the great wizard and rather look down on him?”
“I really don’t know, so I wouldn’t ask.”
Sirone put her hand on the body of the sprayer.
“It is right to do this.”
The reason I didn’t go into trivial explanations was because everyone knew.
“But no one lives like that.”
Maybe that’s true too.
“yes.”
As the material’s ability was strengthened, the size of the spray began to expand to a tremendous size.
Sirone looked back at Veterus and smiled sadly.
“That’s why it’s so hard.” the realm of Yahweh.
Although he wouldn’t understand even one hundredth of it, he seemed to know what Sirone was carrying.
“I will prepare it as soon as possible.”
As Veterus went to pack food, Mar Lin hurriedly stood up and took command of the survivors.
‘Sirone.’
Lian looked down at Sirone with eyes full of affection.
‘You say I’m great, but I don’t have the confidence to live like you.’
That’s why it became Sirone’s sword.
‘It’s really strange. That you’re doing the right thing and yet everyone doubts you.’
Sirone was not wrong.
“hurry. move quickly.”
100 survivors who finished their preparations to leave in perfect order boarded the cannon.
A normal monster would have broken its leg bones, but the metal sprayer didn’t budge.
As he moved his steps with a thumping ground, even the wizard Veterus’ face turned pale.
“It is so big that you might get motion sickness. I will speed it up though.”
As 〈Law Killing〉 accelerated the spray, his legs began to move at the speed of riding a horse.
“Aaaaaaa!”
People’s screams echoed through the desolate city.
There was an emergency at the command of the temple.
“report! An army of 3 million demons is advancing from the southeast of the Ketler Mountains!”
“Report! The Altras region has been occupied. The scale of damage reaches 400,000 people!”
The rookie’s expression darkened at the sad news pouring in from all sides of the army.
“damn.”
The fact that the Gustav Empire had completely disappeared from the map had already been heard through emergency intelligence.
‘It was done so neatly.’
It may not have been Sirone’s intention, but complete extinction without even needing to turn the horse’s head towards the main base.
Absorbing the remaining demons and waiting for the right time would be a way, but Havitz’s military Vulcan didn’t give it time.
“report! The port city of Tostra has suffered. The scale of damage reaches 1 million people.”
When I reached that point, Iruki hit One Tak hard.
“Aww! Aaaaaa!”
400,000, 1,000,000, if you say it out loud, it would be a sufficient number.
“You bastards like dogs!”
If I were to recite the life that resembles that number, it would not be enough even if it took one person’s entire life.
“How are you? There is no way to stop it.”
Iruki checked the entire map.
Tormia was the gathering place for the army of hell pouring in from all directions, and time was running out.
“The way… …
There is not.
However, if Iruki commercialized this technology, humans wouldn’t be safe either.
‘Pandora’s box.’
Another report came in. 200,000 died.
‘I’m sorry, Sirone.’
At the end of humanity, Iruki suddenly remembered his days at Alpheas Magic School.
“I will go to Tormia.” The commanders turned to Iruki.
“Now? Rather, is the soldier talking directly?”
“If you procrastinate, you will miss even the only opportunity. I’ll be gone for a while. Please assemble a follow-up team.”
Iruki, who was heading towards the door, turned around again.
“Oh, and call Nade. Please tell me that you will meet and tell me the reason.”
It was time to mobilize connections.

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 868 - Groggy (4).txt
===============================
Groggy (4)
Iruki would be a successful wizard.
“I will arrive in an hour.”
He was the one who rose to the position of commander-in-chief in Valkyrie’s commanding department, where the best brains gathered.
A person who thinks like an Ex-Machina.
The gray matter organ inside Iruki’s skull was the most functional in the world.
The number of troops he moved exceeded 1 million elite, and the Archmage and the Greatsword No. were no exception.
“I need to close my eyes. Wake me up in 30 minutes.”
The wagon guarded by 200 certified second-class knights provided the highest level of comfort through the culmination of technology.
‘Is this really the right thing?’
I made a quick decision because it was a race against time, but questions still remained.
‘Now that the psychic realm is closed, the number of demons has become objectified. It’s time for weapons of mass destruction, but… …
The weapon Iruki designed was an elemental bomb that he first conceived during his days at Alpheas Magic School.
The power of magic would have far surpassed, and it would lead to the destruction of mankind.
‘It’s a weapon that would have been made someday. If we don’t get rid of the demons, humanity will perish anyway.’
When I consciously let go of the tension, the tip of my nose felt tired.
When Iruki’s breathing calmed down, Aromi, the leader of the training team, carefully turned over the file.
She had an intelligent appearance wearing horn-rimmed glasses, and she was actually a woman who led Jive’s think tank.
“Currently, the place we are going to is the dwarf ruins of the Arca Mountains in the southwestern part of Tormia Kingdom. A nationally certified archaeological excavation team is already doing the mining work. There may be a backlash, so please attach all the documents.”
said the leader of the legal department.
“I can’t sue anyway. The approval of the kingdom of Tormia has already fallen.”
“It is, but… …
The fact that the excavation team was Iruki’s alumni was at stake.
“Coke! Coke!”
When Iruki coughed, Aromi spread the blanket next to him and covered him.
“You’ve gotten worse lately.”
Iruki suddenly opened his eyes, raised his upper body and covered his mouth with his hand.
“Keah! Whoops!”
A goblet of blood leaked out through the gap between the fingers following the sound of heavy breathing.
“Sir General!”
Aromi cheered and shouted.
“Call the medic! hurry!”
“are you okay. I want to go quietly.”
“It’s not possible. When the general’s condition is critical, I make all decisions regarding emergency rescue. It also includes the power to decide the total cancellation of the mission.
is.”
Iruki smiled bashfully through his bleeding mouth.
“But it won’t. Yes?”
Aromi, who had maintained a calm expression, exhorted me with a gentle face.
“So get tested. You are the one humanity should not lose.”
Only the thinking power of the Ex-Machinas can stand against Harbitz, who is outside the odds.
However, the overdrive was still steadily eating away at Iruki’s life.
“I will go in.”
The medical officer who was waiting in the auxiliary carriage climbed into the house carriage and looked at Iruki.
Even while taking blood pressure and checking eye movements, Iruki lay weak.
If I stopped overtaxing my brain even now, I might be able to enjoy a decent lifespan like everyone else… … .
‘Don’t worry, father. I know what you’re going to say.’
Just as the extreme end of combustion is an explosion, Iruki intended to burn his life for a moment.
‘Please, hold on until the war is over.’
As Iruki’s eyes became clear again, Aromi lowered her head with a heavy heart.
‘thank you.’
It was the only thing I could say to him in the face of death.
In the Arca Mountains, there are the remains of a dwarf race that flourished 2,000 years ago.
The handicraft skills of the dwarves are known to be precise enough to surpass those of modern humans.
It was an established fact that once the excavation was successful, making a lot of money was as good as the archaeological value.
“center! center! No, a little further to the side!”
A group of people were working on mining on a cliff 80 meters high and 320 meters wide.
They were all a team of wizards and they went to the same school.
Kurleung! Kurleung!
A huge equipment weighing over 70 tons with a height of 13 meters was digging out the cliff.
An endless track was attached to the lower body, and a huge drill was installed at the end of the two arms on the human-like upper body.
“it’s okay! Dorothy! Turn it back!” The woman riding in her gear was Dorothy, who had dropped out of Alpheas Magic School last year.
“Ugh! Goes!”
Mimesis’ ability to share the mind with the magician greatly improved the work efficiency of the manipulator.
Kaka Kaka Kaka!
As the two huge drills turned, sparks flew and an afterimage of light like flower petals appeared in front of my eyes.
“cheer up! Hickory No. 19!”
Hickory No. 19, which was made through improvement after improvement, accepted Dorothy’s spirit and further increased its output.
Kang! Kang! Kang!
At that time, a blunt impact was applied to the equipment, and the heavy body began to rattle.
“stop! stop! I’m stuck!”
Sabina, who had once gone to magic school with Dante, waved a stop flag.
“Aww, damn it!”
Dorothy, who hit Hickory’s c*ckpit hard, came out of the aircraft with a frown.
“what? Is it iron ore again?”
“uh. The mineral content is too high. Somehow, they said it was strange from the moment they obediently gave permission to work.”
The Arca Mountains have historically been a difficult area to mine.
“I’ll check.”
Closer, who majored in earth magic, approached Hickory 19’s drill.
The heat was to the point of burning.
“Pooh! I’m completely blocked. It will take 2 days to pierce this. How about attacking the first excavation point again?”
Canis, who joined the excavation team as an archeology major, brought Arin with her.
“That’s not allowed. If you continue to drill with such ignorant equipment, the dwarf ruins will be destroyed.”
Dorothy raised her ax eye.
“hey! I thought you said it was an ignorant device! I can even play air games with this if I want to!”
“Anyway, no. If the ruins or artifacts are damaged, you’re going through a lot of trouble anyway.”
Closer used his major to inspect the cave’s terrain.
“I think it will be easy to go down once this point is cleared? Judging by the flow, it was not buried very deep.”
“Then let’s smoke a cigarette and try again.”
Dorothy lit a cigarette and jumped from a height of 10 meters.
The war broke out and they dropped out, but there was no fear that they would get hurt as wizards.
“Whoa, nothing is easy. I even gave up on school and risked my life.”
Dorothy threw her hard hat on the floor and let out a long puff of cigarette smoke.
Because she was not wearing a bra, the chest area of the black running shirt was protruding.
Closer said holding up a bucket of water.
“But we are better off. Did you hear about the springs? I heard you became a magic kindergarten teacher after graduating from school.”
Sabina frowned.
Frings, who majored in freezing magic, was remembered as a pervert with severe voyeurism in addition to his outstanding skills.
Dorothy burst into laughter.
“ha ha ha! kindergarten teacher? Well, considering his personality, it might be a perfect fit.”
Wouldn’t they be asking the children they teach about what they ate this morning with their nostrils wide open?
“We have changed a lot too. Come to think of it, school was really fun.”
Dorothy recalled her senior year.
Person-to-person battles, scramble royale fights, intense graduation exams, and… … .
With a light smile on her face, she recalled someone.
“ruler! Let’s start again! Let’s do it our way this time!”
“Good!”
As everyone went back to their respective seats, Arin looked back and said.
“Canis, look over there.”
A huge house-coach with an armed escort was speeding down the hill.
“what? Is it a kingdom?”
“No, the mark is different?”
When the entire excavation team cast air magic to compress the air, the wagon’s seal was clearly visible.
“sanctuary?”
It is also the seal of the combat unit Valkyrie.
was
While waiting with an unusual expression, the carriage pulled the dust to a halt.
The door opened and Aromi stepped out.
While watching the excavation team with a neat appearance, she raised her glasses and walked like a cat.
“hello. My name is Aromi, the executive secretary of the Strategic Command of the Valkyrie Unit under the Temple.”
Closer said bluntly.
“It’s a long name. What show?”
Aromi sighed and handed out an official document.
“This is a letter of approval from the Kingdom of Tormia delegating the excavation authority for the Arca Mountains to Valkyrie from this time on. Please check and sign.”
“what… …
Canis shouted before Dorothy could spit it out.
“What is it?”
He roughly took the documents and quickly checked the 10-page contract transfer.
“Stop talking nonsense!”
Then he threw the folder on the floor and looked straight at Aromi.
“Until I did my research, I couldn’t find any evidence of the dwarf ruins. Are you guys taking away the project we planned and started? I absolutely cannot tolerate it!”
Aromi was calm.
“It has nothing to do with the dwarf ruins. This is a major global event that transcends national boundaries. I will compensate you.”
“Who are you to rate the value of ruins with money? The Dwarves’ Artifact says “Wait a minute.”
Dorothy, the team leader, stepped in.
“You said it had nothing to do with the ruins, right? So what is Valkyrie doing here? Is he going to set up a military base as well?”
“It is confidential.”
“I guess so. But shouldn’t we at least come up with an argument that we can understand?”
“Why?”
Aromi didn’t give me an excuse to bite.
“The temple requested it and the kingdom granted it. It is not a matter for a private excavation team to step out. Please stop.”
This time even Dorothy couldn’t stand it.
“Who are you? I need to meet the chief executive. Wouldn’t the chief of staff be the decision maker?”
“I will say it again… …
“it’s me.”
Before Dorothy could finish her words, Iruki got out of the carriage and approached them.
“Hey, Iruki?”
I heard that he left Tormia through the wizard community, but I didn’t expect to see him in a place like this.
“A long time.”
After Iruki, 40 knights lined up on the left and right to escort him.
As magicians, they knew better that masters were hard to find in society.
Sabina asked.
“Iruki, what happened?”
Aromi stood aside and said.
“If you are also citizens of Tormia, be polite. He is the general commander of the Valkyrie unit under the Temple.”
“A general?”
Closer blinked.
“Then you are the captain?”
Iruki said indifferently.
“okay. I’m sorry. I don’t mean to interrupt what you’re doing, but we need to write some here.”
Like a magician, he grasped the situation in an instant, and Sabina asked thoughtfully.
“So you’re saying you know everything? Then you know our personality well, right? No matter how much it is in the temple, stealing someone else’s bowl is too much.”
Dorothy felt betrayed as well.
However, since it was Iruki and no one else, I suppressed my emotions and tried to have a conversation.
“What are you trying to do here?” Dorothy’s eyes tightened.
“Yeah, I get it. He’s in a high position, so he can’t even see us… …
“I will make a very dangerous weapon.”
“Sir General.”
Iruki ignored Aromi’s signal.
“To do that, you need a special mineral. Investigations have shown that they are buried in large quantities in this mountain range.”
It was obviously a secret that should not be entered into enemy camps, and Dorothy’s mind was complicated.
‘Iruki.’
School days, the protagonist of the most precious memories.

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 869 - Groggy (5).txt
===============================
Groggy (5)
“I will tell you.”
Canis walked beside Dorothy.
“If what a temple needs is simply minerals, doesn’t it matter if it’s not this place?”
Iruki answered meekly.
“yes.”
“Then why are you kicking us out? This is a historically important site. Besides, our team is working on this project at their own expense.”
“You know that compensation goes in, but’?”
“It’s not that kind of problem.”
It was not a matter of stalling, but a matter of emotion.
“Don’t you at least have to convince me? Why play so hard when you can use the entire mountain range?”
“The temple is busy. I won’t set a limit on the amount of mining, and I can’t afford to care about your circumstances.”
Canis saw through Iruki’s mind that he didn’t want to leave even a 0.1 percent variable.
“In a word, are we troublesome and cumbersome beings?”
“I can see that.”
A light of anger burned in Canis’ eyes.
“Oh, yes. You grew up a lot, Iruki.”
As the escort knights in the back drew their swords at the same time, a terrifying killing spree spread.
“this??????!”
Closer and Sabina entered the Spirit Zone, but they already realized it in their heads.
‘Really strong.’
The prestige of the collective life alone was breathtaking.
“Canis, it’s no use.” Arin said.
“I won’t change the way I think.”
The figure of Iruki seen through menarche was a gigantic flame burning with life as fuel.
‘It’s different from risking your life.’
It felt like the will to do it without fail transcended life.
“Sheesh! I know you’re lucky.”
After Canis died, Closer and Sabina also released the Spirit Zone.
It was a very miserable atmosphere.
“Do I really have to say it that way?” Dorothy asked.
“You can explain it better. You can ask for help, ask for forgiveness. It’s not even someone we don’t know… … Iruki put her in her eyes.
The 4D girl who liked daydreaming was now leading the team as an adult.
“You’ve changed a lot.”
The clothes that boldly exposed her bare chest and the straightforward way she spoke were different from before.
“No, you are wrong.”
Of course, many things change as we get older.
However, because we shared the same time, there were certain things that could never change.
“It’s a tough place outside of school. I’m not as stubborn as I used to be. But I’m still moving towards my dream. Canis, Arin, Closer, and Sabina all have the same dreams they had in their school days.”
“Then let’s pretend I’ve changed.”
“You did that to me!” cried Dorothy.
“There are no adults in the world. There are only children and children who imitate adults.” “The truth is, it’s still in your mind. But why are you talking that way? Just like a real adult.”
It’s sad.
Although calculating, the Iruki that Dorothy remembered was a child who really knew what was important.
“… … I’m sorry, but I don’t have time for this.”
The only person who knew the true meaning behind the phrase “there is no time” was Arin.
‘Iruki is right, Dorothy.’
I don’t know what kind of problem I had with my body, but it was menarche, when I had already abandoned my lingering attachments to life.
‘However, it is not revealed… … Because I want to be confident in front of my friends.
‘Because I would have done the same.’
That’s why she had no choice but to remain silent even in a situation where her alumni were antagonistic.
“okay? I do not have time?”
Dorothy sprawled and walked to Hickory Nineteen and sprawled.
“Pearl! We can never get out of the way! Step on it or kill it, whatever you want!”
Dorothy’s face looked sad as her eyes were tightly closed.
‘Bad child.’
Other people might not know, but Iruki shouldn’t do this to himself.
‘This is the meeting Dorothy has been looking forward to… …
Sabina, who understood his feelings, stretched out next to Dorothy and shouted.
“okay! kill, kill! Kill us!”
Aromi raised her glasses and said.
“I will take you.”
As the knights stride forward, Iruki turned around and said.
“That’s Okay. I’m leaving today.”
“but… …
“This is a team that has investigated the Arca Mountains for a long time. It will help you because your skills are not going down. It is not good to start a conflict already.”
It went against Aromi’s work philosophy, but respect for Iruki came first.
she said to Canis.
“According to the Commander-in-Chief’s instructions, I will give you one day’s time. I hope you make a good decision.”
As the temple pulled the wagon away, Ar-Rin approached the two and said,
“I left. stop getting up.”
Dorothy sat down with a grim expression on her face.
“I can’t work today. Let’s go back and make a countermeasure. I will also review Iruki’s proposal.”
No matter how angry he was, he was a wizard who did what he had to do.
“I’m sorry for the poor place you are staying. Because I didn’t expect to be staying… …
The place where Iruki stayed was a temporary barracks 300 meters away from the mining site.
“are you okay. How about the excavation team?” Aromi pretended to look outside.
all.
“I was stuck in a temporary building and I can’t even see my nose. It looks like they’re reviewing the papers we handed over.”
Iruki stood up from his chair.
“Perhaps they will accept it. They’re angry because of me, they’re sensible and smart kids. Do not worry.”
Aromi laughed hard.
“I am not concerned. I’m worried about the general’s health. Since it happened like this, take a day off.”
Though he wanted to rest, the thought of the army in Hell lingered in his mind.
The time when everyone is asleep except for the night shift.
This rookie, who was sitting on a chair and closing his eyes, heard footsteps and lifted his eyelids.
“Let go. Let go of this.” At the entrance to the barracks, Dorothy stood with her arm held by the knights.
When she took off her work clothes, her youthful appearance from before was revealed, but her outfit still didn’t suit her.
“Sir General. This woman squeezes and squeezes… …
“are you okay.”
As the knights saluted and left, Dorothy approached, kneading the arm that had been held.
“Awesome. People like that die at your words.”
“what’s the matter?”
Dorothy didn’t answer.
“When it comes to mining rights, my position does not change. From tomorrow, the military supply company we contracted with… …
“That’s all right.”
Dorothy cut off.
“Apart from work, don’t we have homework to solve on our own?”
Dorothy came faster than usual.
“Have you been drinking?”
“That is not important. What I want to hear is… … Why are you like that’?”
” what?”
Dorothy never forgot.
“We kissed.”
“You did it.”
“anyway! And you dated.”
Although we broke up after 13 minutes.
“Why did you do that? Did you have any feelings for me? Or just curious? Which of the two is it?”
“What does that matter?”
“It’s important to me.”
First man, first kiss.
I could have just left it as a good memory, but when I saw her face, I couldn’t help but ask.
” I am??????
Recalling his school days, Iruki sighed and then stopped talking and turned around.
“Let’s stop. It’s pointless.”
“No meaning? why? Now that you’re in a high position, is it childish? Or maybe I’ll catch you by the ankle… …
“I will die soon.”
Dorothy’s words cut off.
“??????what?”
“My brain is pretty good. to the point of sacrificing life. But recently, the function has improved even more.”
If it was a joke, it was bad.
“Uh, what does that mean? Where in the world can you die just because you used your hair?”
“It’s not dangerous. Maybe I can hold out quite a bit. But I’m the brains behind the crusade, and I’m not going to stop. If the overdrive continues like this, maybe… …
Iruki made a popping sound and pretended to explode.
“no.”
Dorothy shook her head.
“It can’t be.”
He was angry to hide his precious feelings, but in fact he was a friend whom he missed so much.
“haha! Don’t be scared. Are you still able to hold out?”
It still is.
“To be honest, it’s comfortable. I can’t be weak Because I am responsible for so many lives. Ah, the Hickory No. 19 you made was cool. Did you improve it a lot?”
Dorothy wept.
“Why are you so stupid? Nothing has changed between then and now!”
Iruki smiled bitterly.
“Anyway, help me. Since you are the team leader, you have to convince the team members… …
Before she could finish her words, Dorothy grabbed Iruki by the collar and threw him onto the bed.
“I told you I wasn’t here to talk about work. I must listen to the answer unconditionally.”
Dorothy took off her shoes, climbed onto the bed, and knelt with Iruki’s face between her legs.
It was a pair of short jeans that exposed the entire thigh.
“… … What are you doing?”
“If you don’t know that, you’re not a man.” Of course I know.
“You’re crazy.”
“Why are you suddenly like this? I am Dorothy.”
Of course you know that too.
“I told you. I have no intention of stopping Maybe my life is too short to do anything with you.”
Dorothy raised an eyebrow.
“Aren’t you going to eat if you die tomorrow?” Iruki, who was lost in thought for a moment, slowly turned his head left and right.
‘Left thigh. Ooh thighs.’
Because there was nowhere to run.
‘Oh, go straight.’
Iruki jumped up and stood up.
the next morning.
Dorothy, who came out of the barracks like a stray cat, went into the water as if nothing had happened.
Team members gathered in the living room, reviewing court papers over the temple.
Sabina raised her head.
“Where are you going? You weren’t in your room this morning?”
“uh? Oh, I was just checking the mine for a second.”
When I let go of the pretension and went into the living room, Kanis grumbled with a dissatisfied expression.
“Sheesh, it doesn’t make sense to be kicked out like this anyway.”
Again, that was the case.
“Here, there you are.”
Dorothy spoke cautiously.
“Why don’t we just take a step back? To be honest, even Iruki would be distracted by the war. Ruins are also important, but shouldn’t mankind survive first?”
As the team members blinked at the attitude that had changed overnight, Arin said.
“Actually, we were holding the strand that way too. After all, a court battle against the holy war is not a win.”
Clutching her chin, Sabina rummaged through the files.
“Once I reviewed it, it’s definitely not a bad condition. We can preoccupy the right to excavate the next site, and the penalty paid as a condition of giving up is sufficient.”
Dorothy’s face widened.
“Then, shall I meet the chief? Maybe we can get better terms.”
The file folder slammed closed.
“There is no disagreement about that. But before that, there is something I must point out.”
“huh? What are you pointing out?”
Sabina pointed at Dorothy with sullen eyes.
“Did you sleep with him?”
“Hoo?”
Dorothy rolled her eyes as Closer looked back with interest.
“Well, as for how that happened… … Even with 10 mouths, there was nothing to say.

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 870 - All that war (1).txt
===============================
All those fights (1)
In a situation where the eyes of the entire excavation team exerted unspoken pressure, Dorothy spoke frankly.
“Yeah, that’s it.”
When reminiscing about her school days at a drinking party, Dorothy would always mention Iruki.
I didn’t criticize anyone because I knew her heart, but I had to distinguish between public and private.
“I know I have no choice but to accept it anyway.”
said Canis.
“But if things were turned upside down due to personal feelings, I should at least apologize to Iruki.”
Sabina twisted her lips.
“Do I need to be so persistent? Good is good, let’s solve it first.”
“The reason I joined the team is not because of the money, but because of the legacy. There is no compensation in this way.”
Each person’s values are different, so even Sabina couldn’t stop them.
“Kanis, let’s just step back.” Arin said.
“Anyway, they are classmates from the same school. Irruki will have a lot to think about.”
Kanis was more surprised than sad.
“Why suddenly? Aside from emotions, it’s the right thing when it comes to the order of things.”
Arin turned to Dorothy.
“You know? What happened to Iruki?”
All eyes were on Dorothy, her lips lowered.
“Iruki… … They say you might die.” Closer wrinkled his brow.
“What are you talking about?”
“I don’t know the details either. However, if the brain continues to be overloaded as it is, it could lead to brain death… …
said Canis.
“Overdrive.”
The blue electricity that flashed in Iruki’s eyes during his magic school days remained in his memory.
Arin sighed.
“Iruki is unique among Servants. I thought it wouldn’t last long. If it’s true, you shouldn’t be on the battlefield anymore. I need a break.”
Closer snorted.
“Is that guy like that? Besides, he’s the total military commanding the holy war. Over-incubation will inevitably take place.”
Sabina smiled bitterly.
“By the way, you are really great too. You know that, but you still want to meet him?”
Dorothy bowed her head.
“It’s not something I’m going to say as a team leader, but can I help this rookie? I’ll beg you.”
“Canis.”
When Arin turned around, Canis was showing her displeasure.
“… … An idiot.” How could the world fight for humanity even while destroying its own brain?
“okay.”
Kanis raised her hands to show her willingness to surrender.
“Let’s do whatever he asks. Can we just leave here?”
A voice was heard outside the temporary building.
“no. It will be difficult if you guys leave.” When Iruki opened the door and came in, everyone looked surprised.
“Iruki… …
Iruki, who had been quietly accepting the sympathy eyes they sent, smiled.
“I knew it would be like this.”
It was already customary to treat a corpse.
“Don’t look at me with those eyes. Because my brain is still intact. It’s not like I’m crazy about wanting to die.”
Canis shot.
“Who cares? By the way, if you leave, you will be in trouble. What do you mean by that?”
“It is literally. You guys should stay here and help me with my work.”
That was the reason for revealing the secret.
“There’s a level to this that makes people laugh.”
“I’m sorry for interrupting your dream.” Kanis, who was about to get up,
stopped abruptly
“Honestly, just fighting the demons is daunting. I desperately need someone to help me. There is nothing like Dong Chang. I think I can trust you guys.”
Iruki’s brain would be much more comfortable if he took over any part of it instead.
“Tsk, it will be like that from the beginning.”
When Canis sat back down on the chair and made a sullen expression, Arin smiled brightly.
Sabina asked.
“Okay, now that it’s like this, I’ll do my best to help. What are we going to mine?”
“It’s the radioactive material that goes into the atomic bomb. Partners will arrive. Of course you guys lead. As long as you can fill the target amount, you can protect the dwarf ruins.”
Canis joined the conversation.
“How urgent is the matter?”
“Nade is already designing the production line through the company. I will receive the cooperation of Ainka Pension.”
“Ainka, Richard’s father?” Alchemy’s Richard, who was a member of the Ring of Gold, graduated in the same rank as Sirone.
“no. Richard is now the owner. My father, Mr. Marto, is in charge of the superhuman project at the Valkyrie Weapons Development Department.”
“It’s almost like a class reunion.”
It also meant that Iruki was cornered.
“I will return to the temple. I will focus all my energy on stopping the army of hell. I can’t afford to think of anything else. I will leave this place to you.”
Dorothy asked.
“How do I report progress?”
“Once the production line is stable, Nade will come down as soon as possible. Discuss the details with him.” Sabina supported her chin with both of her hands.
“Everyone is working hard.”
Their efforts would be a medicine that prolongs life for Iruki.
Closer shouted.
“Okay, let’s do it! Let’s overturn the mountain range!”
A hot flame was burning in each person’s heart as they recalled the competition in their school days.
Havitz’s army was vertically terminating the Ferris Kingdom, which could be called the center of the Central Continent.
“good! Time is power!”
Before gathering the demons scattered all over the world, he intended to push Balkan as far as possible.
While the soldiers of the temple were being trampled on by the demons, the one who stood out the most was Havitz.
“Hoo-wook! Whoop!”
Sitting on a horse and taking a deep breath, a large army of 10,000 was put in front of his eyes.
But no one knew that Havitz was approaching.
Even until they reached the commander, the knights of the Royal Guard did not move.
“Listen to the proud Valkyrie army!”
As the commander shouted, Havitz’s sword cut his throat.
“we… … Kuck. we are… …
Why are the words not coming out?
The knights of the Royal Guard looked back with puzzled expressions, and then shouted with shocked eyes.
“Commander!”
His neck had already fallen and he was rolling on the floor, but the commander’s expression didn’t seem to even notice it.
“Jin, advance… …
I was out of breath.
“What happened? Who the hell!”
In the field of view of the guardsman who raised his head, he saw a red light rising like a flame.
As the light faded, what appeared was Havitz riding a horse.
“It’s the emperor! Kill!”
All the knights of the Royal Guard rushed at the appearance of a factor that made them forget even the commander’s death.
At the same time, a red haze rose from Habitz’s body, revealing the incarnation of Satan.
Incarnation art? Vanishing (non-existent incident).
“what?”
The knights who had lost sight of Harbitz stopped charging and looked around, but in an instant, the heads of seven fell.
“uh? uh’?”
What was surprising to the point of losing consciousness was the fact that none of the dead were aware of what had happened to them.
“what’s this! What the hell!”
“Sat, Tommy… …
The shouter’s colleague said with a terrified expression.
“You, your face… …
“huh?”
As if cut by Havitz’s sword, the top of his head to his left cheekbone had fallen off.
“What am I?”
Half of my field of vision must have disappeared, but it was so scary that I didn’t realize it.
“You, you die… …
Before he could finish his words, the guardsman’s face fell off and his eyes were peeled off and he died.
“Uh, uh… … Aaaaaa!”
The lifeguard knight, mad with shock and fear, screamed, but he did not realize it.
The fact that his lower body was already separated.
Vulcan heard the sound of the temple’s army causing a commotion in the distance and raised the corner of his mouth.
“Havitz has awakened.”
It wasn’t that he turned transparent or that he was using magic.
‘The incident itself does not exist.’
Because it moves outside the law, those inside the law cannot even perceive it.
Even if they break a finger, they won’t be surprised that their finger is broken.
“That is Satan.”
Crystal of Chaos.
Havitz swept through the armies of the Crusade, far from the armies of Hell.
‘It is connected.’
link.
The truth he realized while swallowing a woman’s breast milk was a fragment of the world’s core secret.
‘If you put your mind to it, you can do anything… … what can be connected.
“Aaaaaa! Gee, it’s hell! This is Hell!”
Habitz jumped off the galloping horse and started slashing at the soldiers.
“you! oh my head… … !”
Havitz, who had been cutting off the soldier’s head until he was exhausted, suddenly knelt down and closed his eyes.
“Sleepy.”
infinitely free
Waking up, he lifted his eyelids and slowly stood up, and all the soldiers turned around.
“There!”
Havitz, who penetrated into their cognition, was indifferent even when he saw the large army stabbing through the window.
“If we are connected, even death… …
With a loud noise, a spear pierced Havits and bounced out of his back.
“It is just a form of life.”
The soldier shouted in disbelief.
“Got it! My, I killed it!”
A large army of hell rushed in from the rear, shouting “Kuaaaa! Punish the humans!” In an instant, the army of the temple was swept away, and Vulcan found Havitz lying on the floor.
He was bleeding as he was pierced by a spear.
“Zeta!”
Officially, Zetaro, the military surgeon, hurriedly turned his horse’s head to Vulcan.
“why! why! What happened… … I”
He too was shocked to see Harvits.
“Habits! shit! What is Si-ok doing!”
“Already come. I sent it.” Despite the amount of blood loss, there was no sign of fear on Havitz’s face.
“This is tricky. Natasha, pull out this spear.”
Natasha came over.
“what? Did it break through the window?”
Saying nothing, she grabbed the spear and pulled it out. Sparks flew from Havitz’s eyes.
“it’s okay. Let’s start with first aid.” Habitz, who watched as Zetaro took out the tool from his bag, said in a hoarse voice.
“Hey, doctor.”
“huh?”
“Is there any way to save me?” Zetaro, who slowly turned his head with shaking pupils, looked at Harbitz and swallowed.
‘I’m looking forward to it.’
Habitz’s eyes were shining brightly.
‘I am Yein. This must be funny.’
Zetaro put his hand in his bag and rummaged through something while clearing his voice.
“Hmm, so, first of all, how to do first aid… …
Zetaro’s eyes suddenly glowed with madness, and he frantically stabbed Havitz in the stomach with the scalpel in his hand.
“How do I know that!” As the blade slammed into place, Harvits burst into laughter as she grimaced in pain.
“Puhehehe! Puhehehehe!”
“Aww! Aaaaaa!”
Balkan grabbed Zetaro, who was doing his best, and threw it backwards.
“You madman! what are you doing!”
Blood dripped from Havitz’s mangled stomach.
“Habits! Wake!”
Balkan, who confirmed that he had lost consciousness, glared at Zetaro, baring his teeth.
“you… …
“Oh, no, Harvits likes it.” Vulcan sighed.
“Retreat at once. The priority is to treat Havitz.”
After Havitz awakened, even Vulcan couldn’t even guess the basis for the judgment.
‘Sheesh, I’m stuck here.’ For the first time, the army of hell stopped marching.

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 871 - All that war (2) 2.txt
===============================
All those fights (2)
Harvitz was conscious three days later. Death does not happen to him, but Balkan questioned whether that was the case.
‘What if I took my own life?’ or similar events.
“I’m bored to death. When are you going to fight’?”
Sumodo twisted his back as if he had a sore throat.
“I already missed the timing. The next advance will be after all the corps commanders have been summoned.”
“I’ll be thrilled. Anything fun?” Zetaro said.
“I can’t do anything right now. Find them in the barracks and play with them.”
“shit! Alright, Natasha. Follow me.” Natasha pointed to herself.
“Why me? I am tired now.”
“What is a good friend?”
Sumodo grabbed Natasha by the wrist and dragged her into the room.
“Hey.”
Natasha followed with a teary face, and Jetaro shrugged and went for a walk.
Only Vulcan remained in the seat and looked at the back of Habitz, who was squatting outside the tent.
‘I don’t know what you’re thinking.’ A woman’s voice was heard.
“Can I move already?”
The name of the woman who walks in while breastfeeding is Deris.
Unlike when we first met, she had lost weight.
“why? Are you worried?”
“Not at all.”
Deris asked while nursing her baby.
“Why are you guys fighting? It’s as if he’s just impatient with not being able to kill people.”
“Can I leave if you don’t like it?”
“Where am I going? Where else can you do something as good as this? I feel like a queen.”
“Then you are on our side too.”
Deris turned to Havitz.
“He doesn’t seem like a bad person.”
“Good and evil are just standards by which humans treat other humans. If only one person lives in the world, neither good nor evil can be done.”
Because others don’t exist.
“Of course killing people is bad. But from a cosmic perspective, there is no essential difference between killing a person and kicking a roadside stone.”
“Why do I need to see it from a cosmic perspective?”
“… … Because the answer is there.” Where did humans come from?
“There are people like me. I just thought it would be easier for one evil to remain than for everyone to do good.”
Vulcan pointed to Havitz.
“Didn’t I say he didn’t look like a bad guy? That’s because Havitz possesses an evil that transcends humanity. He killed 100 million people, raped her women, those are evils that presuppose other people.”
“Is that person different?”
“Havitz’s thinking assumes a state in which all humans have disappeared. It’s such a huge desire that it doesn’t seem like you want anything. Of course, when humanity dies, the standard of good and evil to define it will completely disappear… …
While Deris, who did not understand, remained silent, Balkan was lost in thought.
‘They said they were connected.’
link.
If human beings achieved an integrated mental system, the standard of good and evil would also disappear.
‘Hasn’t it already been accomplished?’ Gaia has reached the end.
‘It was originally there, but it was lost. A specific incident that evaporated between Gaia and humans.’
Missing Link.
‘What happened?’
Why do human beings fight over the standard of good and evil, being divided into numerous personalities?
The first humans should have known.
Maya, who made a name for herself in world beauty contests, was booked for invitations to numerous events in other countries.
Of course, most of the countries are now gone.
“shit! Is there such a thing as unlucky!”
At the gathering of Maya’s team, Palmus, the head of the agency, burst into anger.
“It was absolutely amazing! Even if I didn’t lose to the demons, I could have made a lot of money!”
the coordinator said.
“How many victims are you talking about money? It is fortunate that Tormia is still alive and well.”
“I am the one who paid the memorial in the name of the agency. Anyway, the living don’t have to live. All events have been canceled, and the company will go bankrupt like this.”
said the manager.
“How about changing your thinking? Events have been canceled one after another, but the consolation performances are a success. If you put a kite in the temple and perform for the soldiers… …
“Hoo?”
Palmers’ eyes lit up.
“Is it a good way? No, it’s not good enough. If it is Maya, it will definitely be eaten.”
Not only are they good at singing, but they also have outstanding looks.
“The problem is that the competition is fierce. Proposals have to come from the temple, yes, but to excite the soldiers
It’s not just about singing well.”
It took just one thing and that was it.
“You have to expose it.” the coordinator said.
“I’ve seen consolation performances before. Exposure isn’t the problem. Watching how raunchy they danced made my face burn.”
“okay? What was the reaction?”
“It wasn’t a joke. The cheers were so loud that I thought I was going to go deaf.”
While Maya bit her lip and was lost in thought, the manager looked at her and said.
“At least that level should be adjusted. Valkyrie is an army. I will never recruit Maya unless I can bring out the morale of the soldiers.”
“Okay.”
Falmus had a secret crush on Maya, so he wasn’t in a good mood.
But he was a yin.
‘You can’t ignore the needs of the audience. We have to compromise up to a certain point.’
It was good for Maya too.
“Let’s think of clothes that go well with the song. Don’t be too sexy, but lively and healthy.” As a result of Maya’s team discussing head-to-head, a rough concept was caught.
“From the shoulder line, the collarbone and upper chest are exposed, and instead of wearing underpants, I will keep the length of the skirt as short as possible.”
The key was the chest.
“Maya, what do you think?”
As expected, there was no answer, so Falmus put his hands together and made a sad expression.
“I know you want to compete with a song. I promised you so too. But now you have to seize the opportunity when there is recognition. Only the top half of the chest, huh? Let’s just get there.”
“That doesn’t work.”
Palmers sighed.
“ha. Yeah, honestly me too… …
“Listen to the end. I mean, it’s too halfway in this way. You have no discernment.”
Maya also thought that from the standpoint of risking her life to sing, she had to try her best.
“Yeah, but if you lower the line further… …
Popularity must have exploded, but the entertainment company’s diva couldn’t be consumed that way.
“How about something like this? Exposing the lower chest instead of covering the upper chest.” Maya’s arms moved left and right around her chest.
“huh? down?”
I didn’t understand at first.
However, as the image gradually formed in my head, I felt a thrill as if I had been struck by lightning.
“… … It’s very naughty.”
The coordinator and manager also nodded.
It’s just the difference between top and bottom, but no one has ever tried such a costume.
Palmus asked with a bewildered expression.
“Maya, are you really confident?”
“Honestly, it’s unfamiliar, but if you practice… …
“No, I mean the chest. So what should I say, a line? You have to have some elasticity.”
“Yes, what… …
never thought about it
“It’s just a woman’s breast.”
That level of pride was enough.
“Okay, it’s over! This is unconditionally eaten! The manager choreographs right away, and the coordinator starts making costumes! I will come to meet Valkyrie officials.”
Palmus ran out of the room excitedly.
Three days after that, a previously planned performance was held in Baska, the capital of Tormia.
In the aftermath of the war, Yein’s activity area was reduced, but Maya was still popular in Tormia.
“I am introducing! This is Maya, a new singer who has taken the world beauty pageant by storm!”
Voices flew from all directions along with cheers.
“sister! i love you!”
“Maya! Maya my love! Just wave your hand once!”
About 1,000 spectators were gathered, and in the corner was an officer of Valkyrie’s military band.
“Captain, are you all right? There are so many exiled artists that it is still saturated.”
There is no concept that it is sufficient for war, but too many tows will reduce the concentration of the soldiers.
“I can’t just wash my hands. I can only hope for a proper idol to come out.”
Meanwhile, Falmus, waiting for Maya’s performance backstage, was pale and tired.
“What do we do? What do we do? Can we do it well?”
The coordinator was extensive.
“Are you nervous that doesn’t suit you? We know Maya’s skills well.”
“Skills are like that. But not this time. Will it really work? Will it work?”
said the manager, wet his dry lips.
“I leave it to the sky. I did everything I could.”
As the prelude rolled and the spotlight shone, Maya appeared in a coat.
From the sky like a shower… <Light Rain>, which she wrote herself.
However, in order to utilize the costume concept, the first part was arranged in a ballad style.
At the sound of desperate and sorrowful emotions coming out of the voice, the audience even held their breath.
‘Sirone.’
Are they still fighting around the battlefield?
‘I’m going to see you.’
thud! thud! thud! thud!
Cheers erupted as the song regained its original tempo with a strong drum beat.
‘Now!’
Maya threw off her coat and choked her throat.
Raised.
Light down!
I wondered if the cheers stopped for a while at the stimulating costumes that I couldn’t see anywhere… … .
“Wow!”
As if a shower was pouring down, the voices of the thousand spectators exploded all at once.
The collar came up to the neck and was cut off at the point where it slightly exposed the lower part of the chest.
The waist line and navel were exposed, but in reality, the exposed area of the chest was not that severe.
Approximately 3 cm high.
The audience went crazy with that 3cm exposure.
“Maya! Maya!”
When everyone called her name, Maya let out a high-pitched voice almost in a trance.
“Maya! Maya J”
At this moment, neither the demons nor the war came to mind, and only surrendered to the rhythm.
The only expressionless people in the volume that hit the heart directly were the military band of Valkyrie.
“It’s quite good. The songs are also of a high quality.
How do you see the chief?” The director watched Maya sing passionately for a long time before opening her mouth.
“Contract. From tomorrow, put them on the front line immediately.”
“All right.”
The adjutant opened the file and wrote down Maya’s name.
Meanwhile, as excited as the audience was, a mess was going on behind the scenes as well.
“Aww! Wow! Amazing, Great! oh my god!” Manager and coordinator hold hands
He jumped and jumped.
Light down!
Palmers, who had been following Maya’s choreography without hesitation, got angry when he saw the two of them.
“hey! What are you guys doing? You don’t have to go quickly and buy a bag or a hook!”
“yes? Why is that all of a sudden?”
As the two blinked at each other, Falmus mercilessly rubbed the fingers of both hands together and shouted.
“You don’t have to spend money! Fuhahaha!”
Managers and coordinators also realized.
“Oh right! Gotta spend the money! Ho ho ho ho!”
Maya’s song reached its climax, but the audience’s voices were so loud that they could not be heard.
“Maya! i love you!”
Another wizard who graduated from Alpheas Magic School joined the crusade.

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 872 - All that war (3).txt
===============================
All those fights (3)
By the time Havitz fully recovered, demons from all over the world gathered in the central continent.
Led by the six legionnaires, 220 million troops of Hell’s army gathered in the kingdom of Gallon.
220 million.
It was an unbelievable decrease compared to the original army.
“I looked down on Pagye too much.” The ability to disrupt the system was creating more than arithmetic figures.
Garold, who destroyed the South, and Sirone, who destroyed Gustaf.
“Even a guy named Lian is picky.” Natasha approached Vulcan, who was pensive with the world map open.
“Are you that strong?”
“strong? Not being able to approach it with such a concept would be if it belonged to strength, but… …
When simply converted into numbers, there would be no human who could surpass Natasha’s fighting ability.
“It’s like the joker in a card game. Rules different from the existing rules apply. This is tricky to deal with.”
Sumodo has arrived.
“Having the Joker doesn’t necessarily mean winning the game. Of course, it would be advantageous.”
“okay. And now we have the Joker.”
Habitz was sitting on the bed in the commander’s barracks, feeding Deris’ child with a bottle.
“peekaboo.”
Harvitz seemed curious about the child.
‘Existence connected to the law outside the law. Havitz’s vanishing is clearly a part of the apostasy.’
Sumodo asked.
“What are you going to do?”
Now that the Gustav Empire was destroyed, there was no place for them to return.
“Advance. The central continent is the Gobi. If you penetrate here, you can reach Zion via the southern continent.”
By that time, humans would have been roughly organized.
The 220 million troops of Hell’s army were newly reorganized into 6 corps and started a war.
The momentary lockdown of Harvits bought the temple time, but the situation was still tight.
“Sir General! The 13th Brigade is annihilated! Hell’s army is moving south beyond the Argant Mountains!”
“Destroy the 8th Division! The scale of damage reaches 30,000 people.”
In response to the news arriving one after another, the commanders reconstructed the strategic situation board in real time.
Iruki bit his lip.
‘no method.’
It is often said that humans have no limits.
However, Iruki realized how arrogant and trivial his words were.
‘doesn’t exist! There really isn’t!’
No matter where he looked, there was no place to sound the news of victory.
Even a fool could win any battle if he had 220 million demons.
‘Vulcan.’
And the enemy Iruki faced was the best gambler who had beaten all the ‘card players’.
“Cheuk, I can see it, I can see it.” He hadn’t met face to face yet, but Vulcan seemed to know about the person named Iruki.
Sumodo asked.
“Is this the limit for the military of the holy war?” “no. the guy is a genius He honestly, without the crowd flag he might have turned around.”
“It must be a joke. What is the difference between the troops… …
Of course, it’s a joke because it’s not real, but honestly, Balkan couldn’t guarantee the outcome.
“You have a weakness.”
The Balkans have moved their armies on the map.
“The efficiency of war is being calculated in terms of human values. so you can’t win 100,000 lives. I’m sure a lifetime would not be enough to recount their lives, but… …
Six corps formed a radial formation.
“In war, it’s just 100,000. It’s just 100,000 lives that can be said in one second.”
Just as chess is played and the pieces are put into the box, humans are only tools in war.
“Okay, I moved like this. Then the other side will not even be able to breathe and will be in agony.”
The III Corps advanced 100 kilometers.
Sumodo shook his head at Balkan’s bad taste.
“Quack. How are you, kid?”
Vulcan raised his head and aimed at Iruki.
“Is war fun?” Iruki hit the table with a bang.
“damn!”
In the meantime, reports of the temple army’s defeat were arriving one after another.
“The capital of Gallon has been captured. Casualties are estimated to exceed 300,000.”
“300,000.”
My mind was confused by the weight of life.
‘I’m going to kill you.’ Gray hair continued to grow, and now Iruki’s hair was almost gray.
“I, I… …
It was absolutely taboo for the general military to show frustration, but Iruki was already in a state of fascination.
“Soldier.”
The commander who assisted him by his side approached this rookie and handed him a strong drink.
“Please eat. Cool down a bit first.”
Iruki burst into laughter.
“You want a drink? Do you know that hundreds of thousands of lives and deaths come and go under my orders?”
Who would follow a drunk man’s strategy?
“So drink it.” The commander put a bottle of alcohol in.
“If a person holding hundreds of thousands of lives gets drunk just because he drank a little, then he probably doesn’t have military qualifications.”
Iruki looked back at the commander.
“Your strategy is great. No one in the temple can think like you. but… … This is war.”
The commander brought out the words contained in his heart.
“It doesn’t matter how many die. If blood doesn’t win anyway, everyone will die. The reason Valkyrie follows you is not to live, but to win.”
As Iruki slowly accepted the bottle, the commander bent down and begged.
“Please win.”
Iruki, who was staring at the commander, opened the lid of the bottle and drank it in.
“Whoa.”
have to be a devil
‘If it’s for victory… …
As the thought expanded, several previously invisible elements came together in my head.
I still couldn’t see a way to win, but at least I seemed to be able to get a chance to destroy them.
‘The problem is time. If you don’t make it ASAP… …
I had no choice but to trust Nade.
“It’s been a while, Nade.”
Richard, the chairman of the Ainka Foundation, greeted Nade from a luxurious carriage.
To the left and right of Nade, who was neatly dressed in a suit, the secretary of Nade’s county secretary assisted.
“okay. A lot has changed, Richard of Alchemy.”
Richard shrugged.
“Kuh-kuh, embarrassingly, your nickname during school days. let’s go anyway I heard you’re busy… …
It was a place Richard arranged to receive investment from wealthy people from all over the world.
Even though the funding required to develop an elemental bomb alone is astronomical, the current crusade has run out of time.
A situation where a project that would normally take three years or more to design must be completed in a few months.
The only way to save time was money.
“Everyone is waiting.”
Entering the VIP room of a high-class bar, the world’s richest people were sitting arrogantly waiting for the two of them.
“Sorry for being late. My name is Ainka Richards, Chairman of the Ainka Pension Foundation.”
Nade lowered his head.
“I am West Nade, the representative of the Nade military industry. i look forward to.”
After each self-introduction, Nade put various documents on the table.
“As mentioned above, the value of the elemental bomb is strong enough to change the future of mankind. If you invest in the temple, Ned stopped talking as he raised his head.
“Hehe! Stay still.”
“Oh, yes. Don’t push it too hard.”
The rich people with at least two top-notch call girls next to them didn’t even listen to Nade’s words.
“If you invest in the temple, we will guarantee you a return of at least 1,200 percent.”
Nade calmly finished his words.
Anyway, they must have reviewed all the risks that can be looked at through personal channels.
Although the investment value is appealing, the concept of an elemental bomb itself will not appeal to you very much.
‘Iruki’s element decay theory becomes an innovative technology that can change the future.’
A bomb with power that transcends magic.
When it was commercialized, the vested interests who controlled the world would have no choice but to undergo a tectonic shift.
said the bald man.
“Ah, are you done? The briefing was very impressive. So, you want to get investment from us?”
“yes. The world is under threat. Please lend your strength to the cause.”
Of course, it sounds like the seeds won’t be eaten.
“Yes, yes. I know what you mean
yes. By the way, are you from Alpheas Magic School?”
“Ah yes. It is.”
“Isn’t there a singer named Maya from there? You know why, it’s a hot topic among young kids these days.”
A long-haired man sitting across from me interrupted.
“uh? Do you know Maya too? I’ve seen it once before, and it really kills me.”
“ha ha ha! Aren’t they the current soldiers’ number one idol? Yes, do you know anyway?”
Nade said, blinking.
“Yes, I am a classmate from school. But why Maya?”
Todd pointed at Nade and winked.
“Can I bring one? It was said that it was dirty with the theme of a performance agency. It seems like you believe in the temple and play around, but then you should know that you will go to the goal.”
“Hey, Maya is… …
“Why is this? Aren’t good things good? Shouldn’t we help each other and live for the sake of mankind? If you bring Maya, I’ll be happy with her.”
At that moment, Nade heard the sound of his reason breaking.
“Oh, sir… … !” As the electricity surged through his body, Richard jumped up and walked over to Todd.
Before he had time to speak, he grabbed the wine bottle from the table and hit Todd on the head.
“Aaaagh!”
The heavy liquor bottle shattered and Todd fell under the chair clutching his head.
As Nade watched blankly, Richard said, shaking his bloody palms.
“Does Alpheas Magic School look funny? How dare you touch my classmate?”
Todd pointed.
“You, you son of a bitch! do you know who i am Ainka Foundation! Do you think it will be all right?”
“You’d better make sure you understand the situation. Do you look funny because you are a singer? Do you know where the Maya mates are doing now?”
The riders that Sirone graduated from are also called the golden generation at Alpheas Magic School.
“you… … you… … !”
When Todd was speechless, with several figures popping up in his mind, Richard shouted as he went to the door.
“Nade! let’s go! to these guys
What future do you entrust?”
“huh? uh, yes.”
Nade, who left the high-end bar, grabbed Richard’s shoulder as he strangled ahead.
“Hey, wait. What are you going to do?”
“You? Bald is lucky. If I hadn’t broken his head, you would have killed him.”
Nade couldn’t deny it.
“How are your hands? Let’s start with disinfection.”
“it’s okay. Richard of Alchemy, you know my body? Anyway, let’s get our hands on this one. It’s not like there are only rich people in the world.”
“okay. Let’s find another investor.” Since it was Maya, no one else, Ned also gave up his lingering feelings and walked to the carriage.
“excuse me.”
At that time, a sharp-looking man wearing horn-rimmed glasses approached with restrained steps.
“Are you sure, Mr. Westnade?”
Nade looked back at Richard once and replied.
“yes. I am Nade.”
“okay. Rumor has it that they are recruiting investors.”
“Who are you?”
It may not be a secret anymore, but very few people knew about the elemental bomb.
“I think we can finance it. If you have any thoughts, could you please take a minute?”
Richard asked.
“Funding? I don’t know what rumors I heard, but it’s not an amount that one person would invest.”
“it’s possible. whatever it was.” The man smiled and took a coin from his inside pocket and threw it at Nade.
“This is my business card.”
“This??????
Nade’s eyes sparkled as he examined the coin, and Richard opened his mouth in surprise.
“The golden ring.”
Fermi’s face came to mind.

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 873 - All those fights (4) 1.txt
===============================
All those fights (4)
On the eastern border of the Gallon Kingdom is the Akros Kingdom, which stretches along the coast.
“My hometown is not far.”
If you enter the Kingdom of Kazra from South Cross, it will be straight to Tormia.
A 3-meter-tall metal monster stopped walking in front of a sheer cliff.
Sirone and Lian got off the waterspout and watched the smoke rise over the horizon.
“The Central Continent is also in a bad situation.”
While crossing the desert from Gustav to this place, the two rescued more survivors than expected.
However, from now on, it was the world’s largest battlefield, which was actually occupied by demons.
“Emmy… …
Somewhere, Amy must be fighting too.
“I guess.”
said Ryan.
“Tess too.”
After dismantling the watering can, and putting <Law Killing> into her bosom, Sirone went down the cliff with Lian.
In order to go to Tormia anyway, you have to break through the siege of 200 million demons.
There was no choice but to fight which path to take, and that time came sooner than expected.
“Uuuuuuuuuu!”
The place that I thought was the ground jumped up and a huge creature made of mud raised its upper body.
The face was rectangular and square, and the arms were still assimilated to the ground.
“Queueeeee!”
Numerous demons poured down like vomit from the huge gaping hole.
“What, all of a sudden… … ?”
Like a wasteland, the demons with cracked skin scratched their big jaws and looked around.
Then, when he found Sirone and Lian, he opened his eyes wide.
“Hey, Yahweh… …
Lian drew out his great sword and moved on.
“Is it the rear guard?”
It was a moment when Balkan’s vigilance was revealed, but even that was not a trap dug for the two of them.
“Let’s go, Sirone.”
Lian kicked off the ground, and Sirone cast teleportation and flew toward the enemy camp faster than him.
“Chi, surprise… … !”
Before he could finish his words, a roar erupted, and all demons within the radius were torn apart by the shock wave.
“come! come!”
The 1st Battalion of Magicians under the 2nd Corps had been busy cleaning the area around the barracks since morning.
Cleaning on the battlefield is limited to maintaining minimal hygiene, but today the situation was different.
“Hey, corporal! Quickly release the kids and pull the weeds. Fix the fence too! I will not allow even the slightest mistake!”
“yes! Sergeant! Please leave it to me!” Amy, who watched from a distance as the soldiers worked together, clicked her tongue.
“Anyway, it’s only when it’s like this that it’s a scam.”
Tess, sitting next to her, laughed.
“Still, there is a consolation performance like this, so it’s worth fighting. Honestly, isn’t it a war with nothing to gain?”
It is a war that human greed has sublimated into madness, but now it was only fighting for survival.
“By the way, you know, a singer named Maya? I heard that you are from Tormia Magic School.”
Amy’s eyes narrowed.
“know.”
It would be welcome to have a successful classmate come to the concert, but personally, I had a rough story with her.
“Hmm, how is the reaction lukewarm? Could it be that there was even a love triangle at school?”
Amy didn’t say anything, and Tess, who hit her, instead screamed in surprise.
“Really? Then, with Sirone… … If it’s Amy’s love triangle, is there anything else besides Sirone?
“It’s okay, it’s all in the past. And it’s not a love triangle! Maya had a crush on Sirone.”
“Hmm.”
Tess rested her chin and thought.
It’s clear to interpret it literally, but there seemed to be a reason why Amy insisted on emphasizing it.
‘It must have been serious.’
After cleaning the barracks, Berik came running.
He was a corporal who had been in trouble for writing an article mocking Amy in a resolution the other day, and was currently promoted to squad leader.
“Captain! Loyalty! The 4th Squad cleaning is over!”
Amy was saluted.
“Yeah, good job. After taking a break for about an hour, bring in troops and help build the concert hall.”
“yes! All right!”
Tess shrugged.
“Hey, try cleaning like this when the commander comes. Impressed by his enthusiasm, he must have given me a promotion.”
Berrik scratched his head.
“Hehe, you know the boss, right? It would be impossible to dream that a consolation performance would come to such a front line.”
It was clear that Maya’s decision was great because she was in a state of confrontation with the demons right in front of her.
“But don’t worry! I will never give up. In my heart, there is only the battalion commander.”
Amy laughed.
“okay. good.”
Although it was regarded as a joke by a subordinate, Berrik was moved by the fact that Amy did not deny it.
“yes! Loyalty!”
Tess, who had been watching Berik run excitedly, turned her head playfully.
“First of all, Amy wins 1.”
I couldn’t help but laugh, but Amy’s face soon turned serious.
“I’m worried about the demons because I left everything else. The quiet these days is suspicious.”
The army of hell that Amy’s 1st battalion is currently confronting was a detached unit of 30,000.
It was a large army for a detached confrontation, but in any case, an order was issued from the upper level to hold on to their ankles.
Tess looked over the enemy lines.
“The early warning system is clear. It’s not like we’re going into an all-out war, so we should be able to prepare for an attack during the performance.”
“That’s right.”
The problem was Maya.
‘I hope nothing happens.’
Around noon, the temporary stage was completed, and three hours later, Maya’s performance team arrived.
“come! come!”
Society would need bodyguards, but in an army with strict military laws, all they could do was applaud and shout.
When Maya landed at the place where all the troops of the battalion were gathered, the sound of applause disappeared for a moment.
“wow?????? Her slender figure full of social nostalgia caught the attention of men.
“hello.”
When Maya waved her hand happily, a heartfelt applause immediately followed.
“It is pretty.”
It was Tess’ honest impression.
Amy, on the other hand, greeted Falmus without showing much emotion.
“This is Palmus, the representative of the performance agency Elbor. It is an honor to invite you.”
Valkyrie of the holy war and the battalion commander of the magic unit were so-called misleading positions in society.
“This is a battlefield. We will make full preparations, but I hope you will follow the command of the army.”
“of course. All lives are precious, but Maya is the signboard of an agency. I will only trust the battalion commander.”
Only then did Amy look back at Maya.
My heart was touched when I saw my friend’s face on the battlefield, but I couldn’t show my emotions.
“Nice to meet you, Maya. First of all, where to stay… …
“Amy!”
Before she could finish her words, Maya threw herself into her arms and shed tears as she hugged Amy.
“I miss you! Was it very difficult? Do you know how long I have been waiting for this day?”
‘Not a single thing has changed.’
As if turning back time, the memories from the magic school passed by like a kaleidoscope.
Amy smiled kindly and hugged Maya.
“Yes, welcome.”
Seeing Amy as she was, not a soldier, the soldiers who were watching widened their eyes.
‘Is that really the battalion commander?’
“Maya! Maya!”
In the midst of dozens of lighting magic lights up in the sky, Maya’s performance continued enthusiastically.
Even the wizards lost their minds when they took off their coats while singing <Rain of Light>.
“Good song.”
In an empty lot away from the stage, Amy and Tess were standing side by side watching the performance.
“huh. He sings really well.”
Even if no one else knew, Amy could feel her sincerity after hearing the lyrics of <Rain of Light>.
Suddenly, my eyes turned red.
“Amy, are you crying?”
“uh? Oh no…
Just as he was about to make an excuse while wiping away tears, a warning sound echoed through the sky.
“emergency! emergency! All troops go into defensive posture!”
Amy, whose head went cold in an instant, turned around with her red eyes burning.
“what’s the matter!”
“It’s a demon detached unit! We’re breaking through the Valley of the Droplets at full speed right now!”
“what? What about traps?”
Countless traps were placed along the way to prevent moving in the shortest distance.
“We’re pushing with meat bullet tactics.”
“That is impossible. With just 30,000 troops, you can’t pass through the Valley of Droplets.”
“It may not be an attack.” said Tess.
“It’s a typical pattern for those who are chased by something. Another unit may have secretly hit the rear end.”
It wasn’t something that was unlikely.
“good! Building an entire army position! Hold the defense line!”
As the soldiers moved in perfect order, Maya watched blankly from the stage.
“Maya! It’s an attack! Let’s go to the bunker quickly!”
Falmus, who was naked and wearing a coat, dragged her body, but Maya did not move.
“Light rain… …
From the horizon, showers of light were approaching, walking through the veil of night.
“Maya! The show is stopped! Don’t hold back, come on… …
The moment Falmus urged, an explosion close to a roar was heard from the defense line.
“no way??????
Maya jumped off the stage and, leaving Falmouth’s cry behind, ran toward the battlefield.
“come! Respond with common magic A-3!”
The cavalry blocked the entrance, and the wizards on the left and right hills equipped their hands with magic.
The gigantic lighting magic, incomparable to that of the performance, lit up the night as brightly as daytime.
“Kuaaaaa!”
The moment Amy checked the number of demons rushing in from the end of the street, Amy’s eyebrows narrowed.
“What happened?”
There were so many demons approaching that it was hard to see that they had passed through the Valley of Water Drops.
“Amy! We hit first!”
Just when Tess is about to mobilize the cavalry to secure the range of the magicians.
“for a moment! atmosphere!”
Amy gave instructions.
‘Tess is right. That’s not an attack.’
The demons’ faces, which were enlarged by compressing the air, showed clear fear.
“Kuaaa! Do, run away!”
As the demons who had crossed the 3rd line of deterrence rushed in like a torrent, a terrifying sound of sword strikes was heard.
“uh?”
The bodies of the demons were separated as if the scenery had been severed, and the silhouette of a swordsman was revealed through the curtain of the body.
“That one?… ”
Tess’ heart pounded.
“Captain! What should I do?”
As the leading demons were annihilated and the soldiers were in confusion, Amy raised her hand.
“… … Waiting to fire.”
A bombardment of light poured from the rear.
As far as she knew, there was only one magician in the world who could use physical light.
“Abominable Yahweh! you… … you… … !”
Before the demons could even finish their work, a curtain of light exploded in all directions, destroying the cliff.
Kurrurrurrung!
The ground shook for a moment, then it became quiet, and Lian emerged from the rising haze.
“Coke! Coke! Aww, fine dust.” All the members of the corps stared blankly at the prosecutor bending over and coughing.
Suddenly, a strong wind blew up, and dust flew behind them, and Sirone approached Lian.
“It’s because you’re going too fast.”
“Who pressed you that there was no time? If it wasn’t for my strategy, I’m still not even halfway… … yes?”
Feeling stares pouring from all sides, Lian stopped talking and looked around.
“Sirone, it looks like it’s all pierced.”
It was definitely a human unit.
“uh? That’s right. hello. Excuse me, where is this place? We want to go to Tormia.”
“… … Where is this?”
Tess, who was shaking her shoulders, shouted.
all.
“You didn’t even know that! You idiots!”
continues in the next volume

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 874 - Obituary (1) 1.txt
===============================
obituary (1)
How could I forget Tess’s voice, I thought, but Lian was vague.
“what?”
When I looked up at the hill, I saw Tess sitting on the dark horse with a teary face.
“You bad boy… …
As long as you live like this.
“Haha, isn’t that Tess? A long time.” I didn’t expect it from the beginning, but isn’t it too much to treat someone I met by chance?
“You madman! Is that what you want to say to me? So far, no contact at all… …
Amy’s voice forced Tess to close her mouth.
“Sirone.”
She spoke in a trembling voice, and her face was covered with joy bordering on fear.
“How are you here… … ?”
I don’t think it’s real, but even if it was a dream, I hoped that I wouldn’t wake up forever.
“Amy.”
As Sirone slowly stepped towards her, Lian moved aside.
In the delicate atmosphere between the two, the soldiers whispered in their ears.
“I heard the demons call me Yahweh. Are you sure you know the battalion commander?”
Among those with thick bones on the battlefield, there was no one who didn’t know the Infinite Wizard.
“Isn’t it serious? Maybe the two of you say “shh.”
Sirone stopped in front of Amy.
‘Is that really Amy?’
When he was excited, he couldn’t feel the reality even when he saw his reddish eyes involuntarily.
It didn’t matter.
“Sirone… …
Before Amy could finish her words, Shiroe hugged her tightly and buried her face in her shoulder.
“I miss you.”
Amy’s smell.
The reason I didn’t wrap it up with the word scent was because I thought she would disappear right now.
‘Amy. The real Amy.’
This primal, unique smell was the only proof that she was real.
What should I say?
He went through so many things, such as the sacrifice of Seong-eum, the death of Gai, and Yahweh’s outrage.
But now that he hugged Amy, there was only one thing Si Lone could say.
“Don’t disappear.”
Tears welled up in Amy’s eyes.
“??????okay.”
If they felt the same way, words didn’t matter, and Amy hugged Sirone tightly around the waist.
“Is that man your lover?”
The eyes of the soldiers widened, and several of his men approached Tess and asked.
“Is it true, boss? Are you really saying that the battalion commander’s lover is Oh Dae-seong of the Ivory Tower?”
“Ivory Tower Five Stars?”
Tess, who read the psychology of her subordinates, smiled and said,
“No, just a classmate from school.” Relationships are like that.
And another classmate, Maya, was watching Shirone and Amy from afar.
‘I have no place to intervene.’
I could tell just by looking at the eyes of the two that it wasn’t just a matter of distance.
“Maya, let’s go back.”
Falmus, who was guarding her back, grabbed Maya by the shoulder and turned her back.
“… … yes.”
Tess didn’t like watching Maya go home.
‘Sorry. Things were bad. To think that three people would meet in a place like this.’
Actually, it was not the time to worry about others.
Seeing Sirone and Amy being affectionate, Boa Chimin Tess slapped Lian on the arm.
“you idiot! Where were you and what were you doing?”
“What to do? We went to war.”
It was a word that left me speechless.
“I cut down a lot of demons. I came all the way here cutting, cutting, and cutting again.”
Ryan asked, patting Tess on the head.
“how is it? Was it helpful?” Lyn Tess smiled as she looked back in front of her, pulling her Lian’s arm over her own shoulder.
“good job.”
It was a pleasant reunion for almost everyone.
It was definitely an exhibition, so I couldn’t stay in the impression forever.
After hearing from Sirone how she had come to this place, Amy instructed her adjutant.
“Send a messenger right now and prepare to withdraw. As soon as an order from the superior comes down, we move.”
“Yes, battalion commander.”
Since the 30,000 detached demons had been wiped out, there was no reason for Amy’s army to be stationed here.
‘This is such a perfect victory.’
It was an achievement worthy of being awarded the Order of Merit in the temple, but it was unlikely.
‘Sirone and Lian.’
Standing in front of the Infinite Wizard and the Knight of Mach, today’s victory report felt shabby.
‘It’s not the power to be in one battalion.’ Amy, who had experienced numerous wars, also realized how great the value of Si Lone’s combat power was.
“Sirone, you said you were going to Tormia, right?”
The death of Guy, Lian’s older brother, was also sad for Amy and Tess.
“huh. To go to the Ogent family and ask for forgiveness. I think that is the order.”
It was a conscience like Sirone.
“good. Our unit will be moving anyway. Is it okay if I accompany you on the way?”
“Yeah, of course. I’m not leaving right away either.”
The fact that the report on Sirone went to Valkyrie meant that the commander-in-chief would also find out.
‘If Iruki needed me, there was no reason to leave the unit in advance and create a variable that could not prepare for an emergency.
The duty officer approached.
“Commander, the barracks are almost finished. How is the performance going? Ask from there… …
I couldn’t help but ask because the contract was at stake.
“Oh right. show.”
Amy, who realized it belatedly, said.
“Sirone, Maya is here too. A consolation performance for our unit.”
A blush appeared on Sirone’s face.
“really? Maya?”
Amy asked the officer.
“What does the agency representative say?”
“The singer said that he seemed shocked by the attack. If caught in breach of contract, she would have no choice but… …
‘It’s not because of the raid.’
Tess heard that Maya was present at the reunion with Sirone.
“it’s okay. We also have negligence, so let’s end this. Give the soldiers beer.”
Alcohol was forbidden during the performance, but the demons nearby were annihilated.
“Sirone, are you going to see Maya?”
“Uh, over there… … Can I?” Sirone was no fool either.
“What are you talking about? It’s not a stranger, it’s an alumni. go first I’ll look around the workshop and follow you.”
“Okay then.”
As Sirone left the barracks, Amy put her arms on the desk and grabbed her head.
“Oh, that’s going crazy.” I was so nervous I was about to die.
‘Why is it today?’
Why did Heaven send Sirone and give her a situation with Maya?
I had to work anyway.
Upon arriving at the entrance of the unit, the work of removing the corpses of the demons and maintaining the barbed wire fence was in full swing.
“Amy.”
Tess, who was managing the scene, came running.
“How are you? huh? What does Sirone say? did you kiss No, we already have a hot relationship… …
Amy looked back in bewilderment.
“What nonsense are you talking about? This is an army. It’s not a place where you can fry and fry just because your lover has come.”
Tess also noticed her subordinates.
“Who’s going to say it out loud? Everyone else must be thinking that way too. It’s stupid not to.”
“Hmm.”
Amy was also a person.
The stress accumulated on the battlefield is beyond imagination, and the dissatisfaction has reached its peak.
The reason I was able to hold on until now was because I had no experience with that man.
“Commander, I will change the barbed wire to type C. It will save you time.”
Amy looked back at Daewon with blank eyes.
As he was examining the drawings, he habitually put his ballpoint pen in and out of the cap.
Saliva ran down Amy’s throat.
“Aww! Ouch!”
At the entrance, soldiers with hammers were pounding thick stakes into the ground.
“hey! tighten! More, more!”
On the other side, I could see the soldiers hard at work putting long bolts into the nuts.
“……!”
It felt like it was getting hot all of a sudden.
‘Ah, I need to wake up.’
Amy shook her head from side to side to clear her thoughts before digging deeper.
“Are you sick? Your cheeks are really red?”
“Nothing. Anyway, I’ll go see Maya first. You should also finish up and rest.”
Tess asked Amy who turned around.
“Are you concerned about that too?” Amy stopped walking.
“The person Sirone loves is you. So there is no need to think deeply about Maya.”
“I don’t know.”
Although they were romantic enemies, they were friends and comrades-in-arms.
“It is not a simple matter. therefore… … I feel like committing a sin. In a way, it is like violence.”
Would it be best to make love with Sirone in Maya’s presence?
“I missed you too. Besides, we are soldiers. You never know what will happen.”
There is no tomorrow for soldiers.
“Do not die. Are you sure you will win?”
Amy smiled and turned around.
“Don’t worry about me, take care of Lian. You guys really know, but you don’t know.”
Tess, speechless, puffed out her cheeks and looked up.
“Look at the sky to see the stars.”
past midnight.
In an empty lot, Amy and Maya looked up at the night sky and were lost in thought.
“I’m sorry, Amy.”
Maya knew exactly where she was.
“what?”
“You’re worrying about me for nothing. It would have been annoying to laugh and talk with Sirone.”
Amy laughed.
“It’s really the same. What is it like? It’s good to have fun with friends.”
It’s my heart, anyway.
“But you know. What do I think of Sirone? And now too.”
“I heard from Tess.”
If you were in Maya’s position.
“I was not feeling well either. To be honest, I don’t even know what to do in a situation like this.”
“Don’t think like that. I have no desire to be an intruder. If you think of me, just do whatever you want.”
“Do whatever you want… …
Amy turned her head.
“I won’t do anything that might bother you.”
” huh?”
Maya blinked.
“It’s not pity, it’s not a conscience. Because we are friends. I want everyone to be friendly while we’re here.”
I didn’t want to ask if it was a man or a woman
“Emmy… …
Maybe it will be the same as in school days like this?
“what? Why are you making that face? Do not misunderstand. I’m not saying I’m giving you a chance… …
Maya stole a tear.
“thank you. Thanks, Amy.”
I was happy that I had such wonderful friends, but on the other hand, my heart ached.
‘If I do this, I won’t be able to steal it.’
next morning.
The Kaidra sent from the temple landed on Amy’s troops at the speed of a gale.
“This is an urgent order!”
Amy greeted the messenger with a nervous expression at the faster reaction speed than expected.
“What happened?”
Tess and Lian arrived, and Sirone, who had been helping them pack, came along with Maya.
The messenger brought out a letter.
“This is an order from Iruki, the Valkyrie General Commander. Sirone, Amy, and Maya are telling you to return to Tormia Kingdom immediately and go to Creas City.”
Maya pointed to herself.
“yes? me too?”
If it was something related to the war, even if Tess didn’t know it, Lian couldn’t help but be involved.
Sirone was lost in thought.
‘Me, Amy, and Maya?’
The only thing the three of them had in common was that they were from Alpheas Magic School.
“Here is the letter from the General Commander-in-Chief.”
When Amy opened the letter, Sirone and Maya stood side by side behind her and read it with their eyes.
“what… … ?”
Ficho’s obituary was written.

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 875 - Obituary (2).txt
===============================
obituary (2)
Baska, the capital of Tormia.
On Allog Street in the administrative district, there was a luxury hotel where high-ranking officials stayed.
Hotel Desica, Room 1403.
Dante sat down at the table next to the window and looked down at the scene of the street bathed in the morning sun.
She was naked, without underwear, with her arms draped over her lap and an iced coffee in her hand.
“Fisho?????
What woke him up was an obituary delivered through the Magic Association.
The sound of running water in the bathroom stopped and a woman came out brushing her hair.
“what? Set the mood in the morning.”
As it was a hot night, she also sat down at the dressing table without thinking about putting on clothes.
The woman combing her hair asked, looking at Dante’s reflection in the mirror.
“Did you have a nightmare?”
Dante laughed.
“well. Could there be a nightmare more terrifying than the present reality?”
The woman hated philosophy.
“Today is really strange. don’t you wash? I have to go to work.”
The woman knew Dante as an employee of the Royal Records Management Department.
However, in reality, it was a factor corresponding to the second director of the National Intelligence Service, code black.
The fact that he had access to the top-secret encryption system, aka ‘rope’, meant that all of the country’s information was stored through his head.
said the woman putting on her makeup.
“I will be late today. I am going to meet a friend Don’t wait for me, go to sleep first.”
“There is no need for that.”
said Dante, turning to the woman’s back.
“Let’s stop seeing each other.”
The woman’s hand, which was applying lipstick, stopped abruptly and turned around with a frown.
“now… … did you tell me?”
“both”
In bed, another woman kicked off the covers and jumped up.
“what! Even me?”
She approached Dante and protested.
“How could this be? I haven’t even been I need to see you for at least a month!”
The woman sitting at the dressing table sighed.
“Are you tired already?”
I knew from the beginning of our relationship that he was a man I could never have anyway.
“It’s getting boring all over again. Life itself is boring.”
“Then what is the reason?”
Dante smiled in the halo of sunlight.
“The real thing is coming.” It was Tormia’s turn.
There was sadness in Sirone’s eyes.
“Fishaw is dead… …
It was predicted from the moment he became the host of the alien creature Argones.
But the question still remains.
“What do you mean by dead?” Amy opened her mouth.
“From what I heard from Fisho, the person who becomes the host of Argones has no limit on lifespan. Of course, it would be buried in the infinite proliferation of cancer cells, but it would not be possible to make a death judgment.”
“After the graduation exam, Fishaw left. He must have been locked up in an isolation facility.
There must have been many experiments, and no one knew what happened after that, except for a few in the kingdom.
Maya asked.
“Is that the only thing written in Iruki’s letter?”
Amy checked again.
“huh. Judging by the use of the word “immediately,” it is quite forced. There is nothing other than an obituary.”
“Iruki won’t miss it. maybe it’s confidential. You will find out when you go.”
Sirone turned to Maya.
“Your schedule must be busy, can you go? Fishaw’s Funeral.”
“Of course I should go. Because he was one of the people who stayed in my senior class the longest.”
He was a reticent older brother who always treated Maya with an equal attitude, even when she was the troublemaker of her senior year.
“good. Then let’s start right away.”
The temple’s permission was granted, but Amy was reluctant to leave her crew behind.
“Are you okay? Without a commander… … Tess tapped her chest.
“What are you worried about? i have I will take good care of you and join the main camp, so come and go safely.”
Ryan opened his mouth.
“I will stay here too. Will that work?”
Of course, Tess asked with a surprised expression, as she knew that she was following Sirone.
“what? Are you staying here?”
“From now on, there is no danger to Sirone since it is inside the defensive wall of the temple. On the contrary, the army of Hell continues to move south. At this speed, Tormia is also visible.”
Lian intended to become a shield.
“huh. Thanks, Lian.”
said Amy.
“If there are 3 of us, let’s ride the Kaidra. Arrive at Kazura, jump to Tormia, and then go to Creas.”
“After that?”
Iruki did not tell us the exact destination.
“Well, maybe something is going to happen? If not, let’s go to school. Teachers will also attend the funeral.”
Maya nodded.
“Ah, yes. We will all gather.” It seemed like it would be a heavy class reunion.
It was dawn the next day when Sirone and the others arrived at Creas City.
The scenery of calmly preparing breakfast was unfamiliar to Sirone, who had been to and from the battlefield.
‘It was originally like this.’
I finished a simple meal at the dawn restaurant next to the Tormia branch of the Magic Association.
“No one is coming out.”
There was no particular message from the association.
“It could be rather thorough. People who have anything to do with Fishaw should know, but other than that, I feel like it’s better not to know.”
After leaving the cafeteria, Sirone and the others headed for Alpheas Magic School as originally planned.
Contrary to what she thought she was just visiting her alma mater, when she saw the main gate, her heart was moved.
‘This is where everything started.’
It seemed a long time ago that he had climbed over the wall of Alpheas Magic School at the age of 12.
Amy and Maya were also standing next to Sirone, looking up at Archie with dim expressions.
“Let’s go in.”
A guard who checked Amy’s ID opened the way.
“What, what?” It was a nostalgic scene, but only the scenery was the same, and the atmosphere had changed greatly.
Everyone was walking in rows and columns, and even the young students had a fighting spirit in their eyes.
“Militarization of schools. It’s a war, so it can’t be helped.”
When I went to the principal’s office with a bitter heart, Alpheas and Olivia jumped to their feet.
“you… …
I was surprised for a moment, and when I thought about Fishaw’s death, my expression relaxed.
“You’re here. Welcome.”
The three bowed their heads.
“hello. Principal, Vice Principal.”
Looking at the three main characters of the golden generation graduating class, Alpheas smiled heartily.
“okay. Sit over here.”
While drinking Olivia’s tea, Shiro’s party heard about the situation at the school.
“The graduation exam has been abolished from this year. Students are drafted into the army right after completing their regular classes.”
“It’s unfortunate.”
“yes. The advantage of competition has disappeared, but above all, the content of education itself is quite brutal.” Because they were sent to the battlefield without exams, students had to undergo intensive practical training.
“You must have heard about the fishoes, right?” Sirone nodded.
“yes. What happened?”
“I do not know either. The temple controls the information. The funeral will be in three days.”
“Why three days later?”
“It must be a political issue. But the biggest reason is probably… … It must be because of you Sirone.”
“Me?”
said Olivia.
“I’m not sure, but rumor has it that Fishaw left you a will. On the condition that it never be revealed until you come.” Sirone blinked.
‘Pe show to me?’
Unless you had a deep friendship in your school days, there was only one thing you could think of.
‘The Great Wall of the Ivory Tower. Or Yahweh.’
It was a problem that could be dealt with at that level.
“Since you are here, how about looking around the senior class? Well, even those words are memories now.”
A trainee would be an appropriate expression.
Following Alfeas through the steel gate, 30 students were being taught by Shiina and Sade.
“More, more focused!”
The students, whose faces had turned pale, were casting their respective major magic toward the front.
“This is my morning class. The key is to continue casting magic without stopping.”
Shiina shouted.
“Karna! What are you doing! Get out of your mind!”
When I pointed at the female student whose power had weakened, she bit her lip and sat down proudly.
“Karna! you… … !”
“This is absurd!”
Silence fell upon Karna’s cry.
“What is this, every day! Same training, ridiculous intensity! You can’t even recover!”
“wake up. This is your last chance.”
When Shiina’s eyes were unusual, Mark, who was next to her, supported Karna.
“Karna, let’s try again.”
“Let go! I have to say something! It’s not magic. It’s just overkill! We’re here to be strong!”
Shiina took out the document.
“Mino Karna. From today, at Alpheas Magic School… …
Sirone is approaching.
“Wake up.”
Shiina hurriedly turned her head, and the eyes of the graduating class students were stained with astonishment.
“Sir, Shirone-senpai… …
These are the students who had grand dreams after hearing Sirone’s touching speech at the graduation ceremony.
And now, he has truly become the world’s best wizard and stands in front of his juniors.
“Get up and start training. Isn’t that the magic law? No, this is magic.”
Karna said with tears in her eyes.
“no. This isn’t magic. No change, no creation. Was your senior like this too?”
“Of course it was different from your time. But the essence is the same. When you have time to grumble, cast your magic one more time.”
If Karna had to pick the person she admired the most, it would be Sirone without thinking.
That’s why it was even more sad.
“why? What does that change? What’s left of doing one more thing right now?”
“I remember doing it at least once.”
Karna’s lips were tightly closed.
“Accumulate those memories endlessly. Because in the end, only that will protect you. That’s all.”
“That’s all… …
“okay. Don’t give me room in your head to leave such a hopeless event that you gave up because it was hard. catch your ankle someday But if you wake up now, there are no limits.”
Karna’s eyes regained a cool light.
“Of course there are times when you need to rest. Because I did too. But after seeing it, I got it.”
Sirone smiled.
“That I’m not good at anything.”
“… … haha.”
“When a wizard needs to rest, it’s not when he’s tired or tired. When a single break can increase the chances of victory, a wizard promotes a break.”
Sirone held out his hand.
“Can you control it? Are you a wizard too?”
“yes! Seniors!”
As Karna stood up with a smile, the students’ will soared like fire.
“good! let’s do it! I will never give up!”
Sirone, who had been watching happily, bowed her head to Shiina as she returned to her seat.
‘Sirone… …
Since he was no longer a disciple, Shiina also bowed her head and expressed her gratitude.
‘thanks.’
Mark’s magic exploded with greater power than usual.
‘Sirone-senpai is watching!’
Maria followed, and the other students put in all their mental energy, forgetting their fatigue.
‘Please advise me too.’
The world’s strongest wizard is watching.
For that fact alone, students’ concentration was at an all-time high.

=============XXXXX=============

