===============================
Chapter - 951 - Age of History(3).txt
===============================
Age of History (3)
In the eyes of Guffin, who has lived for eons, Miro was just a child, but he recognized her excellent insight and will to be right.
‘It’s a piece of wood worthy of entrusting the world with.’
I liked how his self-esteem skyrocketed, and how he was completely open-minded.
‘If that’s the only problem… …
Will Miro be prepared to sacrifice everything for the world?
“I will. There’s no one else who can do it anyway. I wonder if there is another way.”
A wizard can even lay down his life if it is the only way to solve a problem.
“No, not that much. It’s not a role that you can entrust because you can or want to.”
A lifetime, perhaps much longer than a human lifespan, may have to endure alone.
“The human heart has no limits, but it is as easy to break as it is. If you regret even a little bit, humanity will be in the worst situation.”
“Even if it’s a job that requires the heart, not the head… …
Miro, who supported his chest with his arms clasped together, swayed his upper body from side to side.
‘It’s heaven.’
I liked how she never lost her sense of humor even in desperate situations.
“Who would be willing to take on something like this? I do it because I am the only one. It’s a matter that needs to be approached coldly, and I think we can tolerate it.”
“How long?”
Miro kept his mouth shut.
“I know you are great. 100 years? No, it can last for 1,000 years. If I tell you to hold on until then, that is. But it’s not like that. You have to fight the thought that you might be alone forever. No matter how large the space is, you will feel trapped in a coffin, and reason cannot be perfect in such a state. I bet you will go crazy in 10 years.”
Miro, who couldn’t deny it, asked.
“What do you want me to do?”
When Guffin held out his palm, a hexagon of hexas emerged and turned into a metal box.
“Metagate. It is heavenly equipment. Save coordinates and bend space. Currently, this planet is distorted by a dimensional wall, so there is no way to return without it.”
“You mean go to heaven?”
“Give me one year. You see and feel it for yourself. You can’t have only the opposite sex. I can’t make you my successor without a mission to do it.”
Guffin added, flipping through the metagate.
“It should never be taken away. Of course, the dimensional wall cannot be easily penetrated, but a system without administrators will eventually be conquered. That’s why someone should be locked up in a solitude that may last forever.” Miro, who had been staring at the meta gate, raised her head.
“I’m not complaining, but why not you? You just need to be the manager, right?”
“I have a bigger mission than that.”
It was a short answer, but Miro didn’t ask any more.
“Then, I will go. Where can I go’?”
“Galliant.” A year later, a black sphere was born in the warrior’s resting place in Galliant.
The appearance of Miro, who reached her hometown through space, was thinner than a year ago.
Guffin, who was sitting on the bed, asked as he closed the book.
“Was it a pleasant trip?” Looking at Miro’s eyes as she stared straight ahead, Guffin realized that it wasn’t just her appearance that had changed.
‘I’m ready.’
There was a sense of duty that transcended reason.
“I want to hear your impressions.”
The first words that Miro uttered at Guffin’s words were.
“No one should have access to heaven. Humanity, at least for now, can’t handle the truth of the world.”
Guffin nodded meekly.
“Have you made your decision?”
“I will do it. I will manage the dimensional wall and prevent heavenly beings from entering this place.”
Miro turned to face the outside.
“The same goes for the Guffin’s Gate here. It would be possible to provide an excuse for aggression by those who do not deserve to go to heaven. At least I need to install at least the gateway to the test.”
Guffin held out his hand as if inviting.
“do whatever you want. From now on, the three prizes are yours to protect. How to do it is also free.”
The labyrinth created a test gateway to judge the qualifications of those who go to heaven.
Guffin prepared to leave.
“Then see you on the promised day. Don’t leave it to Estas. And this may be far-fetched, but… …
After a moment of hesitation, he said.
“If there is something you will regret later, don’t hesitate and do it now. If you have someone in your heart, tell them your heart. share the love.”
“It’s really remote.”
Guffin laughed.
“I don’t think you will make a mistake either. just… … I think it would be too sad to leave lingering feelings behind.”
You will be unbearably lonely.
‘It’s regret.’
Someone’s face appeared in Miro’s mind.
Her mouth didn’t open for a long time, so Guffin asked knowingly.
“also… … Are you there?”
Miro, who escaped from his thoughts, answered firmly.
” doesn’t exist.”
Although the 20-member committee’s judgment had not been made yet, the outcome was already expected.
The world will push her into cold solitude, if that is her fate… … .
‘I’m just accepting it.’
Miro asked this time.
“Don’t worry about Estas. Because there are competent assistants. What are you going to do anyway?”
“You should prepare to leave.”
Unlike a year ago, this time Guffin turned around first.
“It won’t take long.” The first place that Guffin visited was the non-living area located in the southern hemisphere of heaven.
Although it was named as a living thing because of the dried seeds, it was actually a place where forgotten beings stayed.
“Cara Torsa.”
A gigantic presence passed in the darkness without sunlight, and after a while, a glow was born.
The majesty of Mudeungryong looking down at the giant body was admirable at any time.
“Guffin.”
The silhouettes of the 12 apostles were vaguely visible behind the karatorsa where the light was fading.
‘It’s still a strong race.’
To be so powerful without undergoing special evolution from the early days of Omega.
‘It must mean perfect.’
At least they were the most perfect creatures Argones and Gaia could create.
“Why did you step into the forbidden area?”
Because Argones allowed the species to continue, the dragon waited in the inanimate world.
“Don’t be too hard on yourself. The reason you guys were able to rest is because we blocked the reset.”
Kara Torsa wanted to hear the main story.
“so? Why did you come?”
“I was thinking of doing a reset this time.” Life flashed in Kara Torsa’s eyes.
“Man, I hate jokes. If you’re serious, it means you’ve come to fight us.”
“On the contrary. want to make a deal I want to ask instead, but there is no oblivion for the apostle of time, right?”
“Heh, don’t compare it to human imperfect thinking. we are the coldest species
feet. It does not distort any information.” All information is stored as a combination of 0 and 1.
“Then we can view our history as neutral. Help me, human.”
Kara Torsa hid her face.
“We are on nobody’s side, neither God nor man. It just prevents the intentions of certain beings from interfering with the flow of time.”
“That is what I want. A world that will never change no matter what I do in the future.”
“You have poor understanding.” Kara Torsa was frustrated.
“It means that if you succeed in intervening in something, you can even do an enke. The existing time will collapse, and from then on, I can’t handle it.”
“What if I could send you the logs of the Akashic Records?”
The eyes of the 12 apostles lit up, and Kara Torsa, who had a dazed expression, asked back.
“The log of the Akashic Records? Are you talking about all the events that have happened since the beginning of time, all the movements of atoms?”
“okay.”
“how?”
Karatorsa’s voice was provocative.
“I know you can embody signals from outside. It’s called Edea. But in the end, Ideas are also signals created in this world. And the Akashic Records belong only to Ankera, who dreams of this world. You can’t get there.”
“I can reach you.”
Guffin pointed to the sky.
“I’ll shoot you directly from outside.”
“……Out of the bar ｝?”
Raising her head vertically, Cara Torsa imagined the universe at the end of the dark sky.
After a long silence, he murmured.
“Going out into space… … There… … to me… … Sending logs?”
“okay. I don’t know what kind of world it is, but I will definitely succeed. Hack the log and shoot it at you. Instead, if I succeed, you will keep track of time based on the logs of the Akashic Records. So that no variables arise.”
“Departure from the photon field. If you disappear… … Karatorsa’s brain rotates rapidly.
started to wake up
“It’s like the only obstruction to Anchera is eliminated. From then on, he will try to reset and try to fix all the errors he has made.”
“okay. You have to stop it.”
“But I have a question.”
Kara Torsa looked down at the guffin again.
“Even if we defend time, then who can stop Anke? Aren’t you already there?”
“Hexa.”
Guffin smiled.
“Ikael and my child will be in this world. no name I will not build it.”
Because parents don’t even deserve it.
“When the time comes when that child can handle the truth of the world, I want you to tell him everything. The beginning and end of this world. Alpha and Omega.” Kara Torsa is also now realistic.
“Ankera won’t let you go? Hexa will be eliminated first in the reset.”
“So I’m going to do it first. Hexa embodies the signal from the outside world, and if you initialize it, you can remove the cause itself. Then even Anke can’t touch it. Almost ready. The dimensional wall, and even the successor after protecting it… …
“for a moment. wait for a sec.”
Kara Torsa stopped talking.
“If you try to reset while leaving the log, the person called you doesn’t exist in the second era. The bottom case occurs. Users will have déjà vu, and angels can even feel a sense of incongruity.”
“okay. There will be cracks in the Akashic Records. I left behind ruins with my name engraved on them. Not necessarily for this, but it will help you resolve the contradictions of history.”
“Hmm. Rather than confuse the user, it seems to make the reset itself positive.”
“That’s the only solution. Even if you dry up, I reset. You’d better have the log I sent you than head into the ground.” It’s been a long time.
“… … i get it.”
The 12 apostles descended to the ground in human form, and Kara Torsa raised himself to the end.
“The apostle of time promised.”
“thank you.”
Karatorsa asked when the guffin turned and raised the light of Hexa.
“Are you sure you won’t be empty?” “This world seen from the outside may be just a signal. Can you still love this place while looking at it? If everything that has been precious to you so far is a lie.”
“you can do it.”
As the last descendant of that brilliant spirit, Gaiain who achieved an integrated mental system.
“Even if it’s a lie, even if there’s something more futile than that, I can still love you.”
Guffin touched his chest.
“Because everything I felt while living and loving here is real. It will remain in me forever.”
I am not leaving to leave.
“I am ready. The time has come to return to this world with what I have learned. Also, that is… …
Guffin’s body began to dissolve into particles of light.
“It must be a god with a heart.” With only voices lingering in the air, Kara Torsa was deep in thought.
“He is a god with a heart… …
It was thought that the world was in the process of converging in endless cowardice, continuously creating new worlds.
“It goes up in reverse.”
beyond infinity.
So that a god with a heart can dwell in all worlds.

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 952 - Age of History(4).txt
===============================
Age of History (4)
‘Park Ji-kyung.’
After making a deal with Kara Torsa, Guffin entered the underworld through Choeni Bardo.
The demonic world is as vast as the real universe, but the topography inside is completely different.
“It will be a rough journey.”
To return to the planet with the labyrinth, the route the guffin chose was to cross 72 hells.
It was the only way to meet him.
“Drinking Behemoth.”
Unlike human demons, demons of fallen angels flowed into the underworld and were born.
It is distinguished from Mara, which was born from a clear concept, in that it is a mixture of all kinds of emotions.
“Not dependent.”
Without horns, the symbol of Mara, he wandered for a long time before settling on a labyrinthine planet.
Of course, it was the standard of the world behind the scenes.
“long time no see. King of Beasts, Behemoth”
In front of the Guffin’s eyes stood a Behemoth with seven eyes symmetrically set in a mountain-like size.
“Guppin, you came to see me?”
“I crossed 72 hells. No matter how much I call, they won’t invite me. Did you avoid it on purpose?”
“… … joy.”
Behemoth shook his head and pointed to the side with nails longer than spears.
“It doesn’t make sense. sit down. Shall we have a drink or something? I got you a good drink.”
“I came with a request.” When Guffin sat on a chair made of bones and crossed his legs, Behemoth opened a bottle of alcohol airborne from reality.
“I know. I’m already retired, but my power is consumed by the underworld.”
The Behemoth lived too long, and retired by blocking the flow of demons to itself.
Right now, he’s just killing time in the human world, doing the low-level demons’ pastime.
Nevertheless, the demons still recognized Behemoth as the next elder after Lucifer.
“Drink. It was fine.” When the Behemoth tipped the bottle with the tips of his claws, the guffin also raised the glass without hesitation.
“I gave birth to a child.”
Behemoth hesitated for a moment, then filled his glass and poured alcohol into his own glass.
“when? as I know… …
“Yes, he is dead. But she’s not dead. Because Ikael and I are still connected.”
The Behemoth drank a drop of alcohol at once compared to its size and said.
“Agape or something? Was it the ability to create creatures with signals from the mind?”
It was a word that the demons hated, but Behemoth, who had already retired, had no qualms.
“okay. The child is already dead, but the body is not important to Agape’s powers. However, there is one problem.”
“What problem?”
“You won’t be human.” Behemoth thought as he opened the bottle. According to the common sense he knows, combining Hexa and Agape can materialize a human body.
“Is it a mental problem?”
Guffin nodded.
“okay. If you think of me and Ikael, they are people who have reached a high level based on this world.”
“Hong, pretending to be noble.”
The Behemoth snorted, but didn’t dig any further than that.
“You must know, as you have watched countless human lives in the Underworld. Humans are beings with all the tendencies of good and evil. Smile even when you’re sad, happy even when you’re sick. All those experiences come together to find your own perspective called idea. But my future child… …
Behemoth muttered in a serious voice.
“It means there is no demon.”
“Exactly. I am a Gaian who has already achieved an integrated mental system, and the child’s mother is Ikael, the first concept in this world. She has no room for demons to intervene. So… … .
Guffin got to the point.
“You be my child’s devil.”
Behemoth averted his gaze from the glass and looked at the scenery of the other world, lost in thought.
“by the way.”
Then he pointed at the guffin again.
“Isn’t that too perfectionism? Even if there is at least one human without a demon, it will be fine. That’s like you and Ikael’s child. There is no need to stick to the standard model.”
“No, rather the opposite. Perfect is agape, not me. The Gaia people’s integrated mental system was completed through the many failures that mankind is currently experiencing. You will never realize Ultima without it.”
“It means the standards are disappearing.”
“That’s right. True goodness is not simply goodness, but the will to overcome evil within. True love is not love spread like an idiot, but the determination to give everything even though you know that it’s empty. If any one of good and evil is lacking, human beings cannot reach Idea.”
“He who does not understand evil, will he not understand good?”
“That’s it. Only in the cycle of good and evil can we approach human beings. And at the center of that human being is the Idea. Philosophy is just a tool. Ultimately, there is no good or evil, no merit or sorrow.”
Guffin laughed and shrugged.
“Look at it now. Because I realized everything in this world, I am drinking with you, the greatest villain.”
Behemoth turned his head and ate his mouth.
“I am not remorseful.”
“So I am asking you. and… … Come on now, isn’t that kind of thinking childish?”
“greatness.”
The Behemoth swept all the bottles of alcohol lying next to it, put them in its mouth, and bit them hard.
“So you’re telling me to die. You sent Lucifer away, and now you want to bury me too?”
“It’s about time. you know?”
Behemoth shut his mouth.
From the time he cut himself off, he had no regrets about living in this world.
“Are you okay? I mean your child If for any reason they bring me out, I could rip him to death.”
“If possible… …
Guffin grinned.
“Make it the hardest.”
“Chew-cuw-cuw.”
The Behemoth, which moved its huge body, poured a drink into its own cup with the Guffin and said.
“Call me when the time is right. For the first and last time, I will meet you.” The drinking glasses collided.
The place where Guffin returned to heaven was the place where Ikael and the newlyweds had sweet dreams.
It was a miserable landscape.
My heart felt like it would break as the memories of that time came to mind, but it must have been because I was that happy.
“So I decided to stay here.”
The place where Ikael smiled the happiest smile in the world while holding a newborn baby in his arms.
Hexa’s hexagon rose above Guffin’s palm and was released into a smoke of light.
Ikael’s tears, which he had stored for a long time, floated in front of his eyes with clear light.
“The odds are half and half.”
It’s not a technical problem.
Agape, a type of Hexa, has the miraculous ability to create creatures by combining minds.
If Ikael did not love Guffin, the two signs would never come together.
“It’s okay if you don’t remember me.”
connected to the heart
“So Ikael.”
As Guffin opened his arms, Ikael’s tears in the Miracle Stream flew up into the sky.
“love you.”
Agape, the greatest love in the universe.
The Miracle Stream exploded in the form of a cross, connecting the ends of the universe.
The miracle that happened in an instant, Shirone endlessly savored it through Guffin’s vision.
“ah??????
The light literally filled the universe, condensing at a speed imperceptible to life.
The feeling of Guffin looking up at the white light floating in the sky was transmitted as it is.
“Ichael.”
Agape’s success was clear proof that she still loved him.
“thank you.”
He gave his all and received her all.
“Our child.”
The moment when a tearful guffin sees a special shadow forming in the white light.
‘This is Hexa.’
Omega’s transmission has ended.
As Shirone savored the process of her own birth, she heard Cara Torsa’s voice.
“The information you have received so far is all the events that happened in the first universe. And now… …
A new omega has arrived.
“This’?”
It was a log that restarted as many times as the universe was initialized.
‘ amazing.’
It is vast information by human common sense, but compared to the entire universe, the number of changed cases was less than 0.1%.
‘Even in the Guffin erasure state, the first history is almost perfectly preserved.’
After the reset, Ankera did everything he could to get rid of his error.
The battle between the angels who follow his will and the apostles who keep time has been conveyed through the 11th sense.
“Whoa.”
After Mudeungryong’s sigh, all of Omega’s records were finally handed over to Shirone.
Karatorsa lowered her stance and pressed her chin to the floor, as if she didn’t have the energy to keep her head up.
Shirone waited.
And after a while, Saga Karator raised his head again and spoke.
“While receiving the logs of the Akashic Records, I was unable to do anything. Not only because you can’t actually do it, but also because the balance of the universe tilts sharply if it is passed on to another being.”
Shirone understood.
what a heavy responsibility.
And the sense of liberation that Karatorsa will feel at this moment.
“No matter who will rule this world from now on, the age of gods will come to an end. It will close or continue. That is the Omega Year 999 as defined by Guffin.”
It was the end of the century.
“And the log that I can deliver to you is also up to this point. Because history is past events.” Shirone, or Hexa, did not appear in Omega.
“If you come to know the log after you were born, it will no longer be your life. I won’t be able to be who you are now.”
Shirone reached Ultima by gaining enlightenment through countless agony.
‘However, once you know the log, the basis for judgment collapses. In other words, the state is broken.’
If Shirone knew all the events and feelings of the countless people and friends she met in her life.
‘I can’t look at the world from my current perspective.’
That was enough.
The library of knowledge prepared in the depths was transformed into a perfect 5-dimensional cube.
‘It contains everything in the universe.’
Because the action of the particles was fully accepted, the formulas or definitions of science were not needed.
Shirone spread her palms in front of her eyes.
‘When I remembered something.’
As the 5-dimensional cube, a space-time integration, rotates, it finds what is needed in the infinite volume.
‘The time it takes… …
does not exist.
In the 5-dimensional cube, time is a physical quantity that can be manipulated.
‘Combine that battery with Hexa.’
A hexagonal light rose from Shirone’s palm and shattered with a clear sound.
“If you throw your whole heart into it.”
The smoke of light rotated and became a flower that did not exist on the planet and began to grow on the palm of my hand.
Shirone slowly raised her hand as Karatorsa stared at her.
The flowers that flew into the air were scattered with tens of thousands of lights and poured down like a fountain.
Colorful flowers bloomed on the hard floor, and soon the cave was filled with the scent of flowers.
Shirone said with a smile.
“Miracles happen.”
god’s brain
It was the triggering principle of the Miracle Stream.

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 953 - What the Guffins Left Behind(1).txt
===============================
What the Guffins Left Behind (1)
Kata Torsa nodded.
Shirone’s Miracle Stream was comparable to the abilities of the Guffins he knew.
“It’s connected properly.”
“huh. thank you.”
There were no more mysteries left for Shirone who had experienced Omega, and naturally, the words became easier.
“If it wasn’t for you guys, the Gaian spirit wouldn’t have been passed down to this day.” That didn’t mean the respect was gone.
“On behalf of Guffin, I would like to thank you.” They were the ones who kept time in the great flow from eradication of Guffin to the era of great purification.
“I just finished my mission.”
Even if he said that, he must have felt deeply moved. Kara Torsa stared at the ceiling with vague eyes.
“… … Knowing Omega didn’t mean it was over. As I said before, I cannot tell you the history of the era in which you exist. From now on, you must fight the world with your own judgment.”
“I am determined.”
” but??????
Cara Torsa’s head slowly lowered, and both eyes gazed straight at Shirone.
“One more thing remains. The history of your time, the only one allowed by the Guffin.”
“Guppin gave permission… …
Shirone swallowed his saliva.
“okay. It is an event right before the guffin leaves the photon system, and also at the time you were born. Very few people know that Hexa was born, so it won’t have a big impact on you now. But Guffin asked for forgiveness. I don’t know what the case is either. If you do not allow it, I will delete the logs I have.”
In a situation where he left Hexa behind, he didn’t want to convey his feelings.
‘It must be a parent’s position.’
I still wanted to know.
‘I don’t have any memories of him, even though he’s my biological father.’
Since Shirone does not appear in Omega, it was assumed that there was no contact between him and Guffin.
“What the Guffins left behind.”
Shirone murmured softly and took a deep breath.
“huh. I want to know.” As the golden light lit up again in Kara Torsa’s eyes, certain records of Omega flooded in.
The Guffin’s Gate was installed in Istas, and the 20 Judges soon found Miro’s paradise.
“Is that the child?”
Plateau of Corruption.
In the aftermath of the war, in the landscape where everything was swept away, a Guffin was holding a child.
≪Uh g
O?
An indescribable emotion was put on Guffin’s mouth as he lowered his head and made eye contact with the child.
“Look where you are.”
When Miro lowered the child’s outer covering, the child, as bright as the full moon, was smiling.
“Hmm.”
Guffin chuckled.
“If you’re pretty, just tell me honestly. It’s Ikael and my child, so of course he’s handsome.”
“It’s very mouth-watering. It’s such a waste, how are you going to give it to someone else and leave?” Guffin smiled bitterly.
‘Even if I can see through all things, will my child feel sad?’
Unfortunately, Miro looked at the child again and changed the atmosphere.
“Yeah, he looks 90% like Ikael. sweetie, i know you’re lucky If you look like your father… … Ugh.”
Guffin exclaimed in bewilderment.
“What are you talking about? Anyone can see that he is my son! Compare well. How is this 10 percent?”
“No, the face is 100% Ikael. The remaining 10 percent, hmm, maybe here?”
Miro’s index finger slowly opened the wrapper and headed toward the child’s lower body.
Shirone’s shoulders trembled as he accepted the log.
‘Miro, please… … : It was not just a video, but felt with 11 senses, so even her thoughts were clearly visible.
‘I’m really trying to see it.’
Then the Guffin hurriedly twisted its body.
“Why is this? My son can’t give it to you.”
Miro let out a snort.
“what? At one time, they said that he was the only heir and the last defender to protect the world.
“I don’t know. Anyway, my son will never! I will have a normal relationship with a normal woman.”
Miro’s eyes widened.
“Mister, you won’t even remember soon anyway?”
If the guffin that left the photon field erased the log, he wouldn’t even remember what happened here.
“Wujjujju, you’re good.”
Guffin, who had been admiring Shirone without pretending to listen, suddenly showed friendly eyes.
“He said he looked like Ikael… …
Shirone’s eyes grew hot as Guffin’s feelings came through the gunggam.
‘How much I will miss you.’
Miro, who noticed Guffin’s eyes, relaxed his expression and patted him on the back.
“let’s go. We have to start.”
U U ≫
……flaw ?
Proceeding 100 meters from it, there was a huge bell-shaped structure rising from the ground.
“this… … tower of Babel?”
Guffin burst into laughter.
“I understand your disappointment. Still, at one time it was high enough to pierce the sky. And it was huge.”
I was close to God.
“Battle of the Tower of Babel. In the second war, Gaiain was officially defeated in a confrontation with God. You could call it a historical place.”
“You want to tell that child?” “When I think about it, Gaiain doesn’t seem to have a hometown. Since he realized Ultima, he refused to be cowardly and challenged the gods. Now that even the roots are disappearing, maybe this place can become the hometown of the heart.”
Guffin looked down at the child.
“Son, remember the heart of the Gaian who dwells in this tower. Even though we lost, we tried endlessly. never succumbed to the world We were never frustrated, and we defended our free will until the end.”
The guffins and mazes that entered the inside of Babel descended endlessly underground.
Shirone realized.
‘You really came.’
This was the reason why I felt similar to déjà vu when I entered Babel from the Heaven Project.
Miro asked.
“What kind of security is this tight? Didn’t the Gaians live here before’?”
Guppin answered while disabling the security device while always activating the Miracle Stream.
“It is heavenly work. Looking at the code, it’s Kariel. Originally, Heaven’s technology belonged to Gaia. Now, a subject called Mecca is carrying on that legacy.”
“… … Will it be safe?”
Miro looked around as if on alert, and Guffin raised the corner of his mouth and said.
“Anyway, it’s just technology. You can never imitate Gaia’s unique spirit.”
The red warning light in the hallway went out every time the smoke from the Miracle Stream spread.
“I might be able to do something here.” Upon entering the c*ckpit, the first thing I saw was a cone-shaped pillar installed on the ground and ceiling.
Beyond that, there were all sorts of contraptions that Kariel must have made that looked crude to Guffin.
“The Tower of Babel is operated by the Ultima system. To the angels, it is the bread of the picture.” When I put my hand between the cones and activated the Ultima System, powerful electrical energy was condensed.
At the same time, all devices lit up and the barbell started operating, and the screen lit up.
“Access to the main system. Codenamed Babel Project.”
As Miro watched, the logic circuit of the operating program appeared on the screen.
“What are you going to do by turning it on now?”
“It is, but.” Even Guffin felt a little embarrassed.
“Still, since I’ve come, I think I should leave it. After all, I am the last Gaian.”
We existed in this world.
“Of course, if Hexa doesn’t beat God, this record will go back to nothing… …
That’s why it’s an omega.
“I’m just throwing it this time. My heart.”
As thoughts were converted into text, characters that had not existed before began to be written on the screen.
I couldn’t read the labyrinth either.
‘Number of Laws 1.’
That’s why it was only the language of guffins.
“All Gaians used different characters depending on their personalities. But communication was not a problem. After all, there is only one signal that penetrates this world.”
That is Gunggam, the Ultima system.
Therefore, if Shirone comes here in the future, he will be able to read Guffin’s record.
‘When Ankera attempted the second reset… … It’s about Omega 412 years old.’
The Guphin, which recorded the specific age of Gaia as an omega unit, filled in the last 999 years.
‘The last Gaia, Mackline Guffin. photon field exit.’
The name will be erased anyway, but with this, the history of the Gaians ended.
‘The future… …
After thinking for a moment, Guffin murmured.
“Beyond infinity.”
The sentence sent to someone was re-recorded, and the screen turned off.
“Are you done?”
Miro asked.
Before she knew it, the dimensional door leading to Istas was open behind her.
“Then give me the hexa now. If you reset while swapping with the Prince of Kazura, the cause of Hexa will be permanently removed. Then even Ankera can’t touch it.”
“I guess so.”
Since the future of mankind was at stake, Guffin offered the child without hesitation.
However, his hands seemed to be shaking a little.
“… … the child will be fine I won’t be able to convince Yolga-sister, but I won’t let you down either.”
“okay. request.”
Miro, who was about to receive the hexa, stared at the child’s face and raised his gaze.
“As a father, do you have any last words?”
farewell life.
I know it’s painful to leave room, but I didn’t think the maze would go this way.
“Leave it.”
Any advice I could give to my son who has to fight the world alone in the future… … .
“If I.”
said Guffin, stroking the child.
“If you have to fight an evil that is so strong that you cannot defend yourself, you may follow the methodology of evil.”
The seal of the Behemoth engraved on Shirone’s inner side glowed red for a moment.
“If you are strong enough to defend your family, stand neutral between good and evil.”
There is nothing greater than protecting your family.
“Dad couldn’t.”
As Guffin’s eyes turned red after bursting into a devastated laugh, tears flowed from Shirone’s eyes as well.
“If you are strong enough to protect your family and protect more people, then defend the good.”
that’s right
“And if… … You have become strong enough to protect the whole world
noodle… …
Guffin lifted Hexa high.
“Listen to everyone.” There is nothing insignificant in beings born of oneness.
“cadet. iced coffee.”
The child smiled brightly, as if seeing the guffin’s face from a high place felt good.
Guffin raised his head all the way, as if drinking in tears, and slowly lowered his arms.
Miro, who had become pious before he knew it, accepted Goi Ai and entered the dimensional door and turned around.
“How much time do I have
ji?”
“The time of Istas must be connected with the space. When events are differentiated, the relativity of time is pushed to the limit. One second in here could be decades in Istas.”
It was a closed curve of time.
“Don’t worry, you will definitely succeed. If you don’t come back in time, just close the time. I won’t resent you.”
“no. You’re going to resent me anyway. Because if I cease to exist, you will only become the scapegoat for humanity.”
Guffin, lost in thought for a moment, continued.
“I’m sorry to you, and I’m prepared to be hated. Just be sure to protect Hexa.”
Miro nodded and muttered as she moved to the inside of Estas.
“Yolga.”
The next moment, I saw a maze coming out of the hallway with blood on its face.
In the closed curve of time, space is time, so from Guffin’s point of view, warehouse 72 was in the same time zone.
‘If I create an independent time within the world’s time and leave the photon field… …
In other warehouses in Istas, Miro may have already been affected by Guffin Eradication.
It was the mystery of Istas, which is the future in the closed curve but actually the past in all time.
‘The Prince of Kazura… … does not exist.’
It was the first time in such a life-threatening maze, but she nodded without saying anything.
‘thanks.’
Perhaps tragically, Guffin also closed the dimensional door without asking.
With this, the maze leaves the event of getting out of Istas on the closed curve of time.
‘All preparations are over.’
Guffin muttered as he looked up at the ceiling.
“You won’t be able to stop this time, Ang Kera.”
’cause you’re not alone
As Ikael’s tears flowed through Hexa, a huge ataraxia unfolded.
“Big!”
amplification.
Guffin’s body itself became a miracle stream and began to compress to infinity.
‘There is no more Ultima in this world… …
leave it behind
‘One hope.’
A faint smile appeared on Guffin’s face as his body gradually radiated into the light.
“It was fun.”
The body disappears as if flickering.
‘Pierce.’
That moment when you pass through an unknown layer without even the concept of time and space, the boundary of the photon world.
‘That one?’
He saw a blond-haired boy who looked just like Ikael galloping towards him.
“??????boy.”
Guffin understood everything. “He’s become a nice guy.” look, it looks like me

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 954 - What the Guffins Left Behind(2).txt
===============================
What the Guffins Left Behind (2)
While chasing after Shura with the army of Heaven, Ikael was reminiscing about the past.
‘Perhaps then… …
Guffin has been expunged.
This is probably why Ankera decided to become a human even at the cost of her own dignity.
‘I can’t remember, but I’m sure the incident… … It was a shock to all beings in the universe.’
The moment the guffin was erased from the Akashic Records, Ikael felt as though the center of his chest had been pierced.
“omg!”
A sense of deprivation so great that it would not be known even after eternity had passed.
“ah??????
And after a while, tears of light flowed down her cheeks.
Memories don’t come back.
But now she realized what she couldn’t recall.
“Guffin.”
It’s just that her thoughts didn’t reach her, and her heart was filled with guffins.
“You left.”
It felt like my whole heart had been ripped out, and the emptiness that remained was not enough even to contain the universe.
“He came to me.”
Ikael curled up and sobbed.
“It was connected!”
There were no memories that could be revisited, but a painful heart spoke.
“That person… …
Only this will be true.
“I loved you.”
Even when the tears of light soaked the entire floor, there was no sign that her crying would stop. how much time has passed
‘I would like to know.’
Numerous scenes shot by the mind were jumbled together, and nothing connected.
“Right Now!”
Deciding to attack Anchera, she jumped up and went to the door.
“……!”
But her hand couldn’t open the door.
“no.”
I don’t know why, but if I go to Ankera now, another tragedy seems to happen.
Even though it seems like there is nothing to fall into the abyss anymore, that kind of heart continues.
‘I have to wait.’
She fell to her knees helplessly.
‘Why? I have a feeling that this is not the end.’
Not wanting to fail twice, Ikael made up his mind and raised his head.
“Don’t worry, Guffin. I will continue.”
The Erase Guffin created a void in Ikael’s heart that nothing could fill.
And 19 years later, Ikael amplifies the shape of the intaglio and finally regains perfect memories.
Meanwhile, Ikael wasn’t the only one who was shocked by the erasure of the Guffin.
To varying degrees, everyone who knew Guffin felt a shock wave that made their hearts explode.
The impact was stronger the purer the mental body, and even the Archangel felt a sense of incongruity.
‘what? Something cracked in this world.’
Of course, it was Ankera, the incarnation of the Akashic Records, who felt the crack most clearly.
“Ki-i-i!”
In the sanctuary of Arabot, Anchera’s tentacles moved at the highest speed ever.
‘A specific code has left the photon field.’ This is an obvious error.
Even if you don’t know the truth of the code, it’s because no other being can do what Ankera can’t do.
‘Find.’
Figuring out the erasure code is like searching for straw in space.
“Kiyiyi!”
Anke Ra put an overdrive.
‘Even if the system is destroyed, it is an issue that needs to be found.’
The universe was shaken, and the world was on the verge of exploding due to system overload.
‘found.’
was human
‘Maclein Guffin.’
How to fix this error?
Searching all the Akashic Records, I couldn’t find a way to solve the problem.
‘Recover! recover! Recover!’ Nevertheless, Ankera endlessly delved into the problem of only the gerffin horse.
‘Error found! restore! Fault found! restore! Error found!’
Now I couldn’t tell if the Guffin was an error or the Anchera was an error.
The Akashic Records were heated endlessly, and at last the universe was about to shatter.
“Curr!”
Regardless of his intention, red light emanated from Ankera’s pupils.
‘reset? why?’
The universe was heading towards an off state.
“Kieek! Kiek! Kiek!” All means were mobilized to prevent Reset, but any instructions were denied.
‘It’s like… …
Ankera felt a physical force stronger than the universe.
‘idea.’
Just as even the most powerful machines cannot withstand a single gesture of turning off a switch.
‘A force that acts outside the world.’
That light, simple force was coming in, destroying all of Anchera’s instructions.
‘How could this be?’
Ankera lost the meaning of its existence.
“no! I am the universe! I’m all! No one but me can reset this place!”
Shame.
It wasn’t the emotion he had understood from the information he had so far, but that he had actually become that way.
It was an emotion, and it was the first feeling he felt.
“Kiyi!”
Dropping oil-black water from under her eyes, Ankera let out a furious roar.
“Geepieeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee……I”
the world turned off
He thought, feeling the flash narrowing from the end to the end of infinity.
‘Why am I… …
can’t you be a god?
‘The movement of demons does not change.’
Based on the information arriving in the command and control room, Eruki ran a simulation.
When Rian defeated Natasha, she sang joy, and when Amy returned, she cried.
“but.”
Considering the overall situation, it was only a matter of time before the flower garden collapsed.
‘According to my analysis, the demons should have already turned toward Basuka. After all, someone is stubborn… …
Is it really possible?
‘I can’t do that. Mayray’s Divine Frequency is a perfect ability. If possible… …
The incident in which Son Yu-jeong destroyed the cliff of the abyss.
‘Originally, the elemental bomb should have been dropped there. Did you infer the intention of the temple from that incident?’
Eruki shook his head.
‘But does it work? Hell’s army doesn’t even know the concept of an elemental bomb.’
No existing weapon has the power to instantly annihilate the armies of hell.
‘Are you digging through the flower garden, accepting damage with the vague expectation that something big will explode in Basuka?’
If true, Balkan was one of two things.
‘Either a person suffering from extreme paranoia, or literally a monster of imagination.’
maybe both.
If true, the probability that the armies of hell would voluntarily go to Baska was close to zero.
You don’t even have a chance to detonate the elemental bomb.
‘It loses.’
For the first time in Eruki’s mind, the two words “defeat” came to mind clearly.
“The flower has been broken!”
Even if you didn’t have to look at it, you could clearly see the gigantic structure going over.
‘I can’t stand it for long.’
With Amy’s joining, Lufist was able to last 15 minutes longer than expected.
short time.
However, during that time, the number of demons that the flower had annihilated was beyond imagination.
‘But I don’t know why I’m in a bad mood…’
No matter how many demons die in the flower garden, it is infinite for humans.
‘We have to lure them to Basuka. It’s a battle that can’t be won from the beginning unless it’s an elemental bomb.’
“The flower has been broken!”
Someone’s report came in, and a wrinkle appeared between the foreheads of Protea, the chief of the fire tribe.
“Huh!”
The pain of being captured by the Demons flowed through the Small World Changyu.
‘ why?’
Tears of blood flowed from Protea’s eyes.
‘Why should we be treated like this?’
If it was human, I would have bitten my tongue and died.
“We can’t even do that!” Even if they dry up under stress, plants are not given the ability to commit suicide.
“Protea!”
Enox ran from the front, looking behind him.
“Unleash the small world creation! Push the defenses back 400 meters, and fight back!”
“O master of the forest!”
With all sorts of mixed emotions, Enox checked the bloody tears running down her cheeks.
“Let’s go, Protea.”
Enox gripped her shoulder painfully.
“I know how you feel. But believe in humans.”
“Why?”
Protea shook her head.
“God or this, no, I’m not interested. We just want to live happily. I want to live a quiet life in the forest, basking in the sunlight, without bothering anyone.”
“That’s why we are a failed race.” When Protea made an incomprehensible expression, Enox met his eyes.
“Protea, there is no way to be happy without fighting. We and humans diverged at that point.”
History is telling.
“The reason humans came to rule this world is not just because they are strong. It is because they have a much longer history of persecution than ours and a history of struggle that did not stop fighting even for a moment.”
Enox’s hand pointed to the battlefield.
“Look, look. how humans fight. Do you think that’s brave? you’re welcome. Everyone is terrified.”
Protea, half-conscious, saw the allied forces rushing and screaming.
“Still, humans fight. The blood of our ancestors who went through a history of struggle speaks for itself. Happiness is not something that is given to you by others, it is something you fight for and win yourself. He knows instinctively that he’d rather fight than be terrified.”
“That’s human… …
Enox grabbed the shoulders of Protea, who was staring blankly at the allied forces, and turned them around.
“Trust the human. It’s not because it’s God. They know how to fight the world. If humans can’t do it, no race in this world can do it.”
Protea, who was looking straight into Enox’s eyes, took a deep breath and nodded.
“yes. I will fight for the Hwa Tribe.” As a gap opened up on the allied side, a battalion-sized demon tribe came in.
“There it is! Catch the elf! That’s mine!”
“Come on! Build a defense line!”
The moment Enox, who pushed Protea’s back, drew his sword and charged the demons.
“huh?”
The demons who set foot were sucked into the magic circle engraved on the ground before they knew it.
Good food! Good food!
Then, it completely turned into juice and began to erupt in a completely distant magic circle.
As the input and output of the magic circuit continued to change, demons’ flesh spewed out from all directions.
“what?”
A gate magic circle was quickly engraved at the feet of Luffist, who was looking behind him.
“Whoa, we’ve arrived now.”
The troops of the 3rd Division rose to the ground, led by Dante, who was exhausted from setting traps.
After grasping the situation, Lufist looked at the magic circle and turned his head again.
“An infinite circular orbit?”
Dante gave a hard smile.
“It’s lethal to a large army.” The principle is this.
After linking the two space movement magic circles, insert the blade between them.
Traps are good enough for that.
“Unlike physical traps, the payload is infinite. With this, I can kill demons endlessly.”
Lufist nodded.
“It will be easy to protect a specific area. I wore my hair But durability is another matter, right?”
“yes. About 30 minutes is the limit for my skills.”
“30 minutes?”
Lufist laughed dejectedly.
“Do you really think you can live until then?”
The allied forces fought the best battle in history, but humans are not that strong.
‘I ran out of stamina.’
On the other hand, the demons who had just joined the battlefield were full of strength.
‘The only thing I can endure is… … Garciana, Amy, and Rian.
‘The number of those 3 people killed reached 25% of the demon damage. Indeed, it was produced by mankind… …
Dangerous thoughts crossed my mind.
“for a moment.”
Dante asked.
“Why is that?”
“Isn’t it strange?”
“yes?”
“I don’t know since you joined now. Our generals are definitely the strongest. But why?”
Rufist’s gaze turned to the army of hell.
“Isn’t the strongest person possessed by the enemy, not a single commander appearing?” Dante’s eyelids blinked.

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 955 - What the Guffins Left Behind(3).txt
===============================
What the Guffins Left Behind (3)
Vulcan murmured.
“There are no elites in the army of hell.”
When Havitz insisted on going to the capital of Tormia, he made an offer.
I decided to send the corps commander’s troops all over the world and attack Basuka with only the remaining 95% of my troops.
Paimon rolled his eyes.
“So it took a lot of damage. The three friends you cherished also came back half assholes.”
It was a shocking result even for Balkan.
Especially when I heard that Natasha had been defeated by Mach’s knight, I thought it was a joke.
Paimon spoke again.
“Stop going into Baska now? Anyway, the flower can’t move. You can just ignore it. There aren’t many humans left to harass, but only the poor demons are dying.”
“Since when did you care about the soldiers? And if you enter Basuka, you may suffer even greater damage than now.”
“That is your delusion. Above all, Satan wants it. Turn your route to Baska right now.”
Vulcan did not respond.
‘Havitz is not coming back.’
I could feel it intuitively because I had watched Havitz from the side for a long time.
‘Havitz’s law goes far beyond what human beings can foresee. In other words, it is much more advantageous for Habitz to leave the battlefield.’
if so… … .
‘It’s an opportunity.’
Vulcan’s eyes shone.
‘I don’t go to Baska. No, it will be in the distant future. Now, it penetrates the flower fields and enters the Central Continent.’
Even if you go to prison for disobeying the king’s order, the military’s duty is to fight the best war.
“For now, advance.”
Hearing Vulcan’s instructions, Paimon’s eyes turned to life.
‘Sheesh, something like a human.’
If it wasn’t for Satan’s favorite person, he would have pulled him off his horse and crushed him right away.
‘ huh?’
At that time, a demon flew in from the sky and fired ultrasonic waves that humans could not hear.
“Paimon-sama, I found Satan-sama’s location. You are currently heading to Kashan. and… …
Paimon, who had been listening to Balkan expressionlessly without expressing himself, had a look under his eyes.
“Whoops.”
After hearing all the reports from the demons, a cool smile appeared on her lips before she knew it.
Tormia is the area where the war is fiercest, but large and small conflicts are taking place all over the world. Amidst the destruction of numerous kingdoms, the stars below the 4-star Ivory Tower carried out their respective missions.
Among them, the mission given to the stars of the System Inspection Department was humanitarian relief activities.
“Wherever you go, there is war.”
In addition to the main camp of the army of hell that attacked Tormia, there were demons who were doing independent activities.
First of all, it was a deserted demon tribe that occurred because more than 60 of the 72nd Corps commanders had disappeared.
Demons definitely follow Satan, but also because those who were born from Satan’s chaos have different ways of obeying their qi.
Particularly strong demons pretended to be commanders of corps, occupied some cities, and brutalized the humans there.
“It is the era of the end of the century.”
The old man, with his graying hair spread to his hair, looked down the cliff and said.
“It’s a world where fighters get attention, but these things are worth it. So, not to create a fighting situation.”
Arnold Lampa, a 3-star resident of the System Inspection Department.
At the age of 112, he is knowledgeable about the world situation and has no special activities other than drinking tea with Mongin Louver from time to time. Nevertheless, the reason he is second in command after Oh Dae-seong Fried of the System Inspection Department is because he uses information magic called Telebird.
The transmission radius is such that it covers the hemisphere of the planet.
It was a transmission power that no one could match except for him who had the world’s best breakaway spirit zone.
“Jjujju, you’re good.”
When Rampa bent his index finger, a blue skylark was born and flapped its wings.
“Enemy spotted at Amore Hill. Expected average powerlessness level A. Slowly heading towards Beckyd Village.”
As I recorded the information and raised my index finger, the televved took off and soon stretched out in a straight flash.
A young man in his 20s who followed Rampa said.
“A grade again this time.”
A white student from the East.
Overall, he was handsome, but his eyes drooped slightly.
It was Rampa’s satellite, a man named Gun.
“The army of the fallen kingdom is at a level that is difficult to handle. Aren’t you supposed to apply?”
“You have to have troops to support you. Don’t brag about being young. It’s best to run away.”
Rampa bent his middle finger, and this time a red telebird was born.
“I’m telling you again, don’t even change your panties and run away. We are not responsible for the aftermath.”
Chong Yi clenched his fists as he watched red flashes shoot out into the sky.
“damn! Even if I only learned combat magic.”
“Arthur. People should know fractions. Those who have learned combat magic do not fight. The one who fights learns battle magic. You are right for this.” Gun’s lips pouted.
“When did you say you’re not good at it?”
“It’s because you care about your loved ones. Be honest. Don’t you think of developing information magic, and don’t you know that women are passing around with strange technology?”
Chong’s face turned red.
“Hall, who is bewitched? But did I ever get along well with a girl?”
otherwise it was
He had a good face, and he had a naive side, but his personality wasn’t angular.
“Do you want to date?”
“yes! of course. Master, I am. Do you know what is the most unfortunate thing about the world? I have never had a passionate love.”
“If it was difficult even when it was peaceful, it would have all gone. Making butterflies with light isn’t going to work for women these days. It’s an era where strong men are the trend.”
“Sheesh, that’s why I’m learning combat magic…
Rampa smiled and turned his head.
“How about meeting among the stars or satellites? Aren’t there a lot of good wives? If it’s a 3-star or lower, I might be able to let go of the bridge.”
“The stars?”
Chong, who recalled every aspect of the stars as he rolled his eyes, put on a tired expression.
“I hate that. It’s all weird.”
“Chuck! It’s only on the outside, everyone has a soft heart. Besides, where do you stand with your eyes so high… …
For an instant, Rampa’s face hardened.
The gun also felt the same energy, and without question, the two lowered their stances.
“concealment.”
As Chong Yi waited with the curtain of light open, a group of troops passed under the hill.
‘What is that guy?’
The demon walking in the lead. Several horns twisted like those of a bison and descended down its back, and four arms were attached to its brown skin.
‘If you look at the features… … Is it expensive?’ He was the commander of the 3rd Corps of the Army of Hell.
‘But why are you here? No, did the entire 3 Corps break away from the front line?’
The division commanders followed behind Bassago. A woman that looks like a corpse, a man whose right arm is dragging on the ground, and a monster with open ribs that show his stomach.
“It’s a gun.”
When I called, there was no answer, so when I turned my head, the disciple’s face was pale.
“… … It’s a gun, analyze it.”
The key to information delivery is speed and accuracy.
You need to know how to judge the situation objectively, not just send it quickly and far.
“first of all.”
The gunman swallowed and said.
“The division commanders are all S rank or higher. That female body seems to be able to double it.”
«O»
Even without knowing the information about the 3rd Corps, the approximate assessment was accurate.
“And the one in the lead… … The gun tooth, who was suffering from licking his lips, spoke with difficulty.
“Probably Triple S… …
Lampa’s eyes twitched.
“… … I don’t know what level it is, but it’s far above that.”
Lampa raised an eyebrow.
‘Chong Yi has no information about the 3rd Corps.’
For special training, Rampa did not tell Chong Yi anything about his enemies.
‘And I’ve never experienced the existence of a triple. However, being able to accurately analyze… …
It was clear evidence that the gun’s tip was reaching an area that humans could not feel.
‘Genius of the sixth sense.’
Perhaps tens of thousands of insects.
“It was pretty good for being hit. However, when information is conveyed in such an expression, confusion comes from the position of receiving it. You see with your eyes, but the recipient imagines. Without a clear definition, you might feel a sense of fear.”
“Then how do you define it?”
“Gl, G2, G3. It’s out of class. Because it is impossible to specify the level of force, it is divided into levels of feeling. Here, G usually stands for universal gravitation.”
“Um, something like gravity?”
“Anything. It is a basic force that acts in this world. If you want to get rid of universal gravitation, what should you do?”
Gun’s brow crumpled.
“It is impossible. You can go against it momentarily, but as long as the world exists, you cannot get rid of it.”
“That’s him. G1.”
“You know what it feels like? The reason why it is defined as universal gravitation is because it is the most neutral force that the recipient can feel. In the case of a tsunami, typhoon, lightning or volcano, individuality is given and there is room for arbitrary interpretation. When you say it’s like a typhoon, you usually think of something fast or rough.”
Chong understood.
“But if the enemy is strong enough to remind me of G1, how do I defeat it?”
“That is not a matter for an informant to consider. Another G1 or G2 will do it.”
Rampa opened his fingers one by one.
“G2 is twice the force of gravity, and G3 is three times. Nothing more. can’t even make it because… …
“Because it’s difficult to feel it, you lose objectivity.”
“okay. Three times the limit is what normal human beings can imagine as real. Anyway, the guy going over there is a guy called Barsago. I don’t know about Pandemonium, but if he opens it, he might become a G2-level disaster.” Chong answered as he had learned.
“It’s none of the information communicator’s business.”
“okay. What I’m trying to say is, why the hell is he here? According to my information, all of the top corps commanders in the army of hell went to Tormia. If for some reason you came back… …
Rampa stopped talking.
Four lines of deep wrinkles were carved on his forehead as he pondered without even blinking his eyelids.
“Gee, Mr.”
Gun was anxious.
It was because he knew how the world situation changed when harsh words came out of his teacher’s mouth.
“Why, why are you like that?”
Rampa rested his chin.
‘Should I send information now? No, I can’t decide yet. It could also be an error in judging the whole with a unique variable. But if my guess is right… …
He bit his molars.
‘I guess I have no choice but to perform high-speed transmission while checking myself.’
Rampa stood up and said.
“Let’s go around the world for a while. It won’t take long, so you’re in charge of this place for the time being. Trust your instincts.”
“yes? me? You said you’d never be able to compete in real life until Master passed away? It’s eating the world.”
“I will die soon anyway. you do it.”
“for a moment! Master!”
Before Chong Yi could finish his words, Rampa’s body turned into a flash of light and was shot into the sky.
The distance of space movement from the world’s best breakaway spirit zone was beyond imagination.
Hey hey hey.
While the roar still lingered, Chong stared blankly at the distant master.
Photon transmissions, golden birds began to shoot out of the trajectory every 10 kilometers or so.
‘Real-time transfer magic, Gold Bird.’
As if having eaten a spin, countless flashes of light curved into the temple in spectacular curves.

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 956 - What the Guffins Left Behind(4).txt
===============================
What the Guffins Left Behind (4)
Signals transmitted in real time from all over the world were sucked into the temple’s command center.
“Sir General! The signal continues… …
“pee.”
The commander touched his mouth and crossed his two index fingers as if there was no need to report on this matter.
“ah??????
When the messenger looked inside the command and control room, a huge golden panel was spread out in front of Eruki.
Goldbird continued to infiltrate the panel, breaking numerous records.
‘Arnold Lampa.’
As befits the evaluation of being the world’s best information wizard, he was showing a planetary-class activity radius.
‘According to this information… …
Demons who looked like high-ranking corps commanders were being discovered all over the world.
In other words, the elite of the demons are not in the central continent.
‘Can you be so vigilant? If it was to see through the operation of the Holy War… … No, it can’t be.’
Therefore, it is not a normal judgment.
‘Something’s going on inside the army of hell. Infighting, or the emergence of rivals.’
Because that’s when people are stubborn.
‘Anyway, the elite of the demons are not in the Central Continent. What was stolen was probably the upper corps commander and his subordinate units.’
Eruki’s expression became serious.
‘Even if you explode an elemental bomb, the elite of the demons will not be harmed. Instead, we will lose Baska and millions of people will die.’
The commander who confirmed the panel’s information asked.
“Sir, what should we do?”
“Proceed as is.”
Because the decision was so quick, the commander hesitated rather than answer.
“Are you going as is?”
Eruki rested his chin.
‘Stealing the elite can’t be a strategy to seize victory. Therefore, this is psychological warfare.’
Literally shake.
‘In other words, it means that the current Balkan is not in a state where it can make its own decisions, whether it is voluntary or unwilling. That’s why I handed over the options. I feel the intention to overcome the situation in the military by somehow creating a new variable.’
After organizing his thoughts, Eruki spoke again.
“I will go as is.”
Balkan’s strategy rather resulted in strengthening Eruki’s psychology.
‘I’d rather have this. The possibility of the demons voluntarily changing their route is gone.’
clear
‘The remaining variables are… …
A light shone in Eruki’s eyes as he looked at the map.
Even after accepting all the last records left by Guffin, Shirone closed her eyes.
There is no confusion because I felt it with my 11th sense, but I wanted to feel a little more aftertaste.
‘Guffin. Ichael. Gaia.’
Not alone.
“like that… … It was connected.” God with a heart.
What Guffin, denying the cold world, leaves the photon world and leaves in this world O…
“Messiah.”
Shirone finally learned the reason for her existence.
“Do you feel a sense of mission?”
Karatorsa asked.
“no. I’m still Shirone Nothing will change, and it should not change.”
“Then, what did you feel?”
“love.”
Shirone looked up at the ceiling.
“The movement of all atoms that began from the beginning. The many hearts that were born in it made me who I am today. I want to carry on that great love again.”
‘What I chose in the end was love.’
The corner of Kara Torsa’s mouth rose slightly.
‘Take it easy, Guffin. Your child has grown up wonderfully.’
Caratora, who had laid down all her burdens, took a comfortable stance, feeling that her life was fading away.
“good. The 12 apostles will help you in the future.”
log of the Akashic Records.
For Kara Torsa, who literally carried the entire universe, extinction was the best rest.
This time, Shirone also paid his respects.
“You have worked hard all this time.”
After Guffin initialized the world, Anke tried to change history by all means.
The dragon fought with the angels for eons of time, sharing the log of Karatorsa, the core.
‘Numerous dragons have disappeared.’
Excluding the 12 apostles, there were almost no dragons left in this world and avoided them.
‘No, the remaining dragons became the 12 apostles.’
What was saved in that way was a pure world that was not swayed by the will of a particular being.
“Until now, dragons have shared their thoughts through the core word Mudeungryongmi. Balaur’s network. But now, if I disappear, that network will also be cut off.”
Kara Torsa chuckled.
“I’m worried because all of them are eccentric, but if you are Ultima, there will be no problem. Guide me well.”
“I have nothing to teach you.”
The 12 apostles waiting for Shirone were the strongest dragons who did not succumb to the might of the archangel.
“You don’t have to teach me. because they will learn If I follow your footsteps… …
The era of the dragon passed by in Karatorsa’s mind as she slowly closed her eyes.
“Can we continue?” Mudeungryong’s body rapidly lost its vitality and then disappeared with a bright light.
Shirone bowed her head and mourned.
“thank you.”
Time was short.
Because it is not polite to feel sorrow for someone who left after completing the hardest life.
“Whoa!”
A thick Miracle Stream began to spread around Shirone, who took a deep breath.
The deep mountain scenery was dismantled as a signal, and a huge mountain range was leaped with a single step. The 12 apostles were waiting for them when they arrived.
“Meet the Messiah.”
When Blitz knelt down, 11 apostles performed the same action.
The core called Mudeungryongmi disappeared, but no one showed sad feelings.
‘The strongest dragon.’
Shirone had already felt all of the 12 apostles with 11 senses through Omega.
However, when I looked at them with only my five senses, especially my eyes, I felt a different feeling.
“Kara Torsa has gone to rest.”
“I know.” Now that the network’s database is gone, the Twelve Apostles must rely on individual judgment.
“That is why the Messiah must lead us. We will follow you.”
It was the realm of belief, not information.
“okay.”
As Shirone examined the faces of the 12 apostles, they all raised their heads with burning will.
Everyone was waiting for me to call them.
‘eww……’
From the time Mudeungryong existed, the rivalry between the 12 apostles was known.
The way to prove an individual’s value in a state of sharing thoughts is to be selected by the core.
‘Who should I call first?’
It was now a situation where Shirone had to do the useless worries that Karatora had done.
‘First of all, the light dragon Phaeton.’
He was a handsome boy, but as far as he knew, he was the most violent of the 12 apostles.
‘The Fire Dragon Inpercus.’
It was also a simulation model for the graduation exam, but Shirone secretly avoided her gaze.
‘scared.’
It was difficult to talk to him at the sight of him with half of his head shaved and a piercing on his lip.
‘Honestly, the apostle I’m most curious about… … Baekryong 晩龍 As-Skiker.
The moment I saw her seated in the red skirt worn by shamans of the East.
‘uh? uh?’
Shirone was stunned.
Among the dragons, the appearance of Asriker, who uses the information of the soul, overwhelms all forms of the world.
‘It’s the most beautiful signal in the universe.’
There is no concept of perfection.
It was an extreme goodwill that transcended individuality, and a charm that satisfied everyone’s ideals.
Sensing Shirone’s gaze, Assryker quietly lifted his head and smiled.
feelings of favor.
Just the mere smile caused a huge ripple in Shirone’s heart.
‘This is dangerous. It’s really dangerous.’ My heart raced and my mind was bewildered by the most pleasurable signal that my eyes could feel.
As Messiah drew attention, As Sri Kerr gave a softer gaze.
‘Ugh!’
A red light came on in her head, and Shirone immediately activated the Ultima System.
As the information of the extreme 極好 that makes up the As-Ryker was dismantled into the smallest units, the fluctuations in emotions stopped.
“Whew.”
Blitz’s eyes shone.
‘How can you subdue the characteristics of a white dragon so quickly? After all, the Messiah, the strongest spirit in the universe?’
The 12 apostles put on an expression of accusation.
‘Hey, where are the beauties?’ As Riker lived as if he was acknowledging it, he lowered his head and quelled his desire to be called.
Shirone searched for another apostle.
‘Oh, that man… …
Water Dragon Chaios.
The scene of leading thousands of tons of water and gushing out of Galliante Island was vivid in my mind.
A dragon that managed the world’s time by moving across the three oceans for 10 years.
Shirone made a decision.
“Come to think of it, we are old.” That explanation was enough, and Kaios stood up and left the ranks of the apostles.
‘Sheesh! It can’t be helped.’
Kaios, who had a calm impression, had blue hair hanging down to his ankles and moved with his eyes closed.
‘Closed eyes and open eyes.’
In Ultima’s history, Kaios appears as a dragon with two personalities.
When I close my eyes, I have a calm personality like a windless zone, but once I open my eyes… … .
Kaios lowered his head.
“yes. There were many examples back then. Because Caratora has issued a restraining order.”
It was to keep time.
“no. Thanks to you, I was able to make wonderful memories. It was a very beautiful sight.”
I missed Jess, Canis, Arin, and my friends.
“Hmmmm.”
Poine, the venomous dragon, cleared his throat and stood up. The eyes of the other apostles narrowed.
‘The Messiah hasn’t even given a name yet. Anyway, I feel arrogant…’
Either way, she put on her cane and walked forward, bowing politely.
“Meet the Messiah. My name is Poine, the Poison Dragon.”
“nice to meet you.”
Shirone lowered his head to face him, and Poi’s eyes shone as if he was interested.
‘Huh?’
If you have lived through the history of Omega, there is absolutely no reason to exalt someone.
In fact, Shirone also did not harbor the reverence that normal humans have for Poine.
‘Even so, she’s a grandmother.’
However, no matter how much I realized, I made up my mind not to forget the important things for humans.
Maybe that’s because it’s a god with a heart.
“Hoho, as expected, your prediction is not wrong. You have a lot to do in the future. Treat us like limbs, and ask me if you need anything.”
A light came on in the eyes of the 11 apostles.
‘Has that thing gone senile!’
After the demise of Kara Torsa, nothing has been decided yet about the representative.
‘Where are you going to eat raw!’
The image of an old woman threw the odds, but Shirone also did not take it lightly.
‘I really can’t be careless.’ Karatorsa took advantage of the Twelve Apostles’ rivalry, and now it was Shirone’s turn.
“Yes, I will take care of the work for you. The representative of the 12 apostles should also think about it.”
Poine was rather amused.
“Of course, we are only following the will of the Messiah. That is the reason we exist.”
“So that’s what I mean.”
Shirone looked around at everyone and said.
“I don’t have much time, so I want to hear the situation first. I couldn’t get the current log. Can you tell me how things are going on the battlefield?” The apostles, whose names had not yet been called, simultaneously raised their hands and shouted.
“I will tell you!”
“… … haha.”
Facing their eyes burning with passion, Shirone let out an awkward laugh.

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 957 - The Right Choice(1).txt
===============================
The right choice (1)
The generals of the Allied Forces were the ones who reached the pinnacle of one field, but that alone could not lead to victory.
The reason demons are strong is that they have different body organs, constitutions, and mental abilities than humans.
Either reflect physical force, manipulate attributes, or destroy minds like Igor, Lord of Terror.
The reason for the death of Fidero, the former commander of the 1st Corps, must have been due to extreme bias.
In the end, it was the battle of the flower field where anyone could die.
“Advance! Advance!”
Contrary to what they shouted with their mouths, the allied forces were constantly being pushed back.
And finally.
“Kuk!”
The backs of soldiers fighting in the front collided with the shields of those in the rear.
Since their lives were at stake, their hearts sank as if cold water had been poured on them as they looked back with angry eyes.
“Suddenly… …
It was the end of the flower field.
When I finally widened my field of view, there was nothing standing out among the 300 fresh flowers.
‘I was pushed this distance?’
The flower field planted with 300 giant structures was vast, and the straight-line distance alone reached 23 kilometers.
Rufist gritted his teeth.
‘damn… …
Opening the path of a demon is a completely different thing from breaking the head of a running horse.
Allied forces are always surrounded by demons and must generate rotational force within them.
Compared to the difference in power, the difficulty of rotating the entire lake by moving the waterway under the surface of the water.
‘Nevertheless… …
The allied forces turned a whopping 14 degrees compared to when the army of hell first entered.
‘As expected in the temple, if this much inertia is applied, it is normal to change the direction on its own.’
The reason this strategy is possible is because the behavior of demons is different from that of human armies.
‘Man uses war as a means to achieve an end… …
As for the demons, the war itself is the goal.
It was just rushing to a place where it could harass humans.
‘Therefore, the fact that inertia doesn’t work means that human-like will is working.’
Also, the reason why the corps commander was not included in the army of hell was probably irrelevant.
Rufist opened the map in his head.
‘If they go straight like this… … still lacking
No matter how big the army was, it would get past Baska.
‘I have no choice but to try something here.’
Lufist shouted.
“everyone!”
But the moment he saw the faces of the soldiers, Rufist couldn’t utter the word charge.
There was despair in everyone’s eyes.
“The flower fields are occupied.”
The power of fresh flowers is unquestionable, and the soldiers must have relied on them psychologically.
“it’s over. I can’t win now.” Seeing the soldiers who had lost their will to fight, Rufist couldn’t bear to push forward.
It’s not because your heart is weak.
‘He fought really well. Couldn’t have done better than this.’
If you understand it with your head, even the ruthless Lupist can’t help it.
“Everyone retreat.”
The soldiers were surprised by the unexpected instructions.
“President of the association.”
“Retreat. I’ll take over here. Go back to Baska and plan your future. You guys will be needed.”
Silence passed.
“I’m sorry, President.”
And as if it had been promised, everyone turned their eyes on and pointed their weapons forward.
Rufist turned his head while the demons surrounded in all directions giggled.
“what are you doing?”
“Well, I really want to live, but.”
The centurion let out his madness and said.
“I don’t have the slightest desire to run away. My heart is not moving.”
Because we fought together, there was no need for long words.
“It can’t be like this. Yes?”
That word was enough, and Rufist glared at the enemy most fearfully in the world.
“… … yes.”
The allied forces concentrated their last remaining will in one place and took a posture to rush.
“everyone!”
now i could say
“Rush!”
As if pulled by spirits, the Allies moved forward, forgetting how to run.
“Ha ha ha! It’s the last banquet!” At that time, demons flocking from all directions are stinging their saliva, imagining the humans they will taste in the future.
“huh?”
No matter who said it first, their eyes turned to the empty space behind the allied forces.
“What, what?”
The embodiment of Thousand Arms Guanshi Yin soaring endlessly into the sky looked down on them benignly.
“Bannyaparamil.”
I thought that the hands of the incarnation who were joining their palms opened in two.
“Paradise.”
In an instant, it spread like a fan, causing countless afterimages that filled the entire sky.
The two palms coming in from the ends of the world collided at the place where the demons were.
TZ TZ IZ TT TZ = | Countless afterimages rushed to one point, and all the shocks exploded at once.
“Kuaaa!”
Rufist trembled at the sight of the walls of demons that could not be penetrated even with a spear being torn without knowing the limit.
‘Cognitive dissonance.’
The whole process was vivid in my head, but looking back, it was surprising that it was just a moment.
The road opened from the rear of the allies, and finally the formation split on both sides.
“What are you so surprised about? Have you ever seen a pretty girl?”
Rufist realized.
‘Yes, we still had that.’
Humanity’s strongest defender and the extreme line of the times, which is ambiguous even to be called human.
“Adrias Miro.”
Enjoying the eyes of the allies, Miro approached Rufist and said with a shrug.
“Call me if you are interested. I am currently single.”
While Lufist just watched, Dante came up and pointed.
“It is too late. Other officers of Zion are already operating elsewhere.”
“This bastard!”
As soon as he finished speaking, Miro put a fist on Dante’s cheek and turned it away.
“Aww!”
It wasn’t painful, but I was dazed by the fact that there was no case that would destroy common sense.
“Where do you compare yourself to such lesser bastards? Don’t you know Adrias Miro? I am a busy woman.”
Dante’s eyes lit up.
“It was the mission you ordered. And they risked their lives on a difficult mission.”
“A difficult mission? No, I’d say it’s an impossible mission.”
“… … What do you mean?”
“Whoops. Little boy, you act so smart, but listen carefully. This sister will tell you.”
Miro rubbed Dante’s head and smiled.
“No matter what you think, the world is much deeper and more complex than that. Everything I do has a deep meaning.” Rufist intervened.
“I would love to hear about that. What is the deeper meaning you know?”
“It means that Satan is not here.” Dante asked.
“Because the elite of Zion left?”
“no. She probably wouldn’t have come anyway. The operation of the world deviate from human logic. Therefore, it should not be calculated by thinking. You have to know the essence.”
Lufist asked.
“What is the nature of Satan?”
“The most cowardly man in the universe. There is no reason to get involved in such a large-scale war in the first place. Always take care of the sweetness of victory from behind. be sure to remember Satan always gets what he wants. If you don’t act with that in your head, you will be swept away by the laws of this world.”
“Is that why you sent your comrades to death? They could all be dead.”
Miro was calm.
“Don’t focus on people, look at the whole. I didn’t send anyone. If you want to catch Satan, you have to go in with delicate handling from the law. Zion’s elite went to do that.”
Dante agreed.
Satan could not be confined except through the labyrinth of sight contemplating the world from the highest point.
Dante’s eyes did not change, and Miro was satisfied.
“Of course, you are the ones who change the world. Could I have arrived if I hadn’t fought so fiercely? In that sense, death is also life? Everyone’s lives come together to create this situation.”
that is the law
“… … So what should we do now?”
“What should I do?”
Miro said, taking the lead.
“We have to open up a new future.”
Aaaaaaa!
On the other side of the demon army, Kaidra, carrying Zulu, Gangnan, and Arius, flew.
Shirone chose the golden dragon, Methira.
‘Since he’s quiet, the explanation will be short.’
His gray hair was parted from side to side, and he was wearing a coat that was angled like a blade.
He was quite a handsome man, but his eyes were made of steel, which gave him a grotesque feeling.
“what?”
After hearing the explanation, Shirone asked.
“Eruki drops elemental bombs? To the capital of Tormia?”
“yes. A human army is currently operating, with a half chance of success. But if we participate, we can completely turn the situation around.” Shirone blinked his eyes.
‘therefore… … In exchange for all the population of Basuka, it means that the army of the demons will be wiped out.’
Bingryong Frieji said.
“It’s a good strategy.”
It was a woman with bobbed silver hair and bangs cut horizontally with a hazy expression.
As a dragon who is famous for not showing emotions under any circumstances, the evaluation was straightforward.
“It is the best a human being can do. If successful, there is hope for humanity as well.”
Shirone nodded.
“Yeah, right.”
Eruki, whom Shirone knows, is a person who can detonate an elemental bomb to annihilate the demons.
“That’s why I’m not like Eruki.”
And as Shirone’s best friend, Eruki was the one who would never let such a situation go.
‘Even if you give up your own life… …
He had the personality to find the answer somehow, and he was a friend who had the ability to do so.
‘… … It must have been difficult, Eruki.’ Poine asked.
“Where can I take you? A Baska where an elemental bomb explodes, a holy war with Eruki’s total army, or anywhere in the world is fine. Because everyone needs the Messiah.”
The 12 apostles only fought according to Shirone’s will.
“There must have been a reason for that.”
Shirone said with a sad expression.
“There must have been the biggest reason in the world that couldn’t be solved just by dying.”
A whimper was heard somewhere.
“That’s right, Messiah. Don’t be too sad.”
A girl with black hair in two pigtails.
Tears welled up in her large eyes in her grass and straw dress.
The Super Dragon, Eitra.
Looking at her legs as thin as chopsticks coming down from her dress, she was a girl, but… … .
‘He’s an apostle I need.’ Her recovery ability, which handles life-related information, has contributed greatly to all of Dragon’s battles.
“Ok, thanks.”
This was the first time he was praised among the apostles, but no one was offended this time.
Blitz asked.
“Messiah. If you do, where should I take you?”
After carefully checking the world situation from Metira, Shirone slowly opened her mouth.
“we are… …
‘It’s going wrong.’
Even in the middle of enemy lines, Rufist could read the huge inertia.
Weak, but little by little, there was a distortion in the movement of the demons.
‘Four degrees. Four degrees more.’
A force that acts below the surface of the water.
‘Now three degrees.’
Maze’s shockwave, Rian’s shockwave, Amy’s shockwave, and everyone else’s shockwave combined… … .
‘Two degrees!’
Cuckoo Cuckoo Cuckoo!
‘One degree!’
Finally, the huge lake called the Demons started to rotate entirely.
“done!”
At the same time as Rufist shouted, the demons broke through the allied forces.
The direction is southwest.
‘If we go on like this… …
Tormia’s capital will be hit directly, and elemental bombs will explode in the sky above Basuka.
‘Is it a disaster or a miracle?’
No one dared to pass judgment.

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 958 - The Right Choice(2).txt
===============================
The right choice (2)
“what?”
The Balkan crowd told the unbelievable truth.
‘The trajectory of the vanguard has changed.’
In an instant, it turned at a great angle, and immediately the messenger came running, reversing the march.
“Urgent news!”
It was something I didn’t even need to hear.
“Ho-ho-ho! what? Did you fail in the end? After all, humans are like that. It’s the worst for the military.”
I didn’t even hear Paimon’s mockery.
‘no. It can’t be like this.’
In addition to Jetaro, Sumodo, and Natasha, even Balkan was tossed around by the enemy’s soldiers.
“… … turn again.”
Vulcan, who made up his mind, opened his eyes and said.
“You cannot go to Baska. There must be something about being so desperate.”
Paimon is tired of Balkan’s impudence.
“So what is it?”
“I can’t imagine. but in the end that
You are right in seeing that there is something unimaginable. Order the entire army! Turn the nose right now… … Kuck!”
As the blunt impact hit the back of his head, Vulcan’s vision pinged and spun.
“You are talking bullshit.”
As I twisted at the sound of Paimon’s voice, her claws were flying again.
“Huh!”
Vulcan leaned back and swung his sword on the horse, but the distance was strange.
“Ho-ho-ho! I do have one trick though. But will you be okay, lethal dose of poison?”
As soon as the words were finished, Vulcan stumbled ‘Damn it! Betrayal… … !’
By regulating blood flow with schema, the spread of the poison is slowed down, but it won’t last long.
“For you to do this to me… … Doesn’t that mean Habitz also betrays you?”
I squeezed out my last strength to warn you, but Paimon only laughed.
“What are you talking about? Everything is His will.”
“what’?”
When Vulcan fell on his horse’s back as his spinal nerves paralyzed, Paimon came and lifted his head.
“It means that Satan is fed up with you. He doesn’t treat toys that he’s not interested in.”
“Havitz… …
Still left with an unacceptable conclusion, Vulcan’s eyelids closed.
“Heh, weak things.”
When Paimon put down the Vulcan’s head, the demons who had been dissatisfied until now approached.
“Shall I kill? Or, shall we show the fear of demons?”
“Hmm.”
According to the messenger’s report that Paimon heard, Havitz’s humanity had completely disappeared.
‘That doesn’t mean it’s not Havitz.’
she gave instructions
“I imprison you for now. It would be nice to see those four idiots locked up side by side.”
“All right. But what about Natasha? If you come to your senses, it will be a headache.”
Her power was at a level that made even the demons stick out their tongues.
“Whoops, no problem.”
Paimon’s eyes burned purple.
“Eating out, van.”
It was the ability to create a quarantine zone in a specific space and take away the mobility of those trapped there.
“Take him.”
As the demons flew to the rear carrying the Vulcan, Paimon rode the Vulcan’s horse.
“Whoa. It looks like you’ve lost a tooth.” Everyone felt the same way.
“Paimon, lead us. We want blood. I want human suffering.”
“Ho-ho-ho!”
Paimon held out his hand.
“Ignore formations from this time on. all scattered! Find the shortest distance and gather at Baska!”
“Quaaaaaaaa!”
The roar of the demons created a roar.
“let’s go! It’s a bloody festival!”
Just as c*ckroaches gathered in rotten food are scattered by light, the armies of hell spread out in all directions.
The command of the temple was in an uproar.
“Asmodians are entering Baska! 300 confirmed cases so far
only! No, 4.5 million…
Eruki raised his hand to block the report.
‘This is just the beginning.’
Baska’s front yard, the flower garden, was pierced, so it was only a matter of time before an army of 100 million was gathered.
“Please call Lucky Boy.”
The time has come.
“All right.”
The reality was finally felt, and the commanders left the command with terrified expressions.
In a quiet room where people had left, Eruki was absorbed in just closing and opening his eyes.
“Eruki.”
Nade entered with a bright expression on his face, but he didn’t have the courage to look back at him.
‘It’s miserable.’
He was disgusted with himself for inviting his friends to the task of leaving a stigma in history.
“I heard about it. That the army of hell is coming to Vasuka. We finally have a chance to turn around.”
I tried my best to speak in a good way.
“sorry.”
Nade asked softly.
“??????what?”
“When you came to do this for me, I was silent. Because it’s a strategy with no second chances. so i shut up Family, Mr. Liz, because of my desire to be perfect, even though I know what you have to protect.”
There are many technicians in the temple too.
However, Eruki wanted to send someone he could be sure to take responsibility in any situation.
“If you had told me to go back, I would have gone back.”
Eruki looked back at Nade for the first time.
“I must have gone back to my hometown to protect my parents and Liz. most precious to me
because they are people but.”
Nade tightened his eyes and said.
“I will never see you again. Because to you, I am only that much.”
“Nade… …
“You’re not the only one worried. I also thought about countless things while coming to the temple. But there is only one conclusion. If it’s not me, you can’t entrust this job to anyone.”
Eruki lowered his head.
“What if the aircraft is defective? The detonator may not work. Could there be unpredictable variables? What if the carrier changes his mind? Couldn’t I have given up beforehand without even trying my best?”
Sighs, sighs, rough breathing was heard.
“But if it’s me, if it’s Nade, I’ll make it through no matter what the worst happens. Did you think of that?”
Eruki couldn’t answer.
Suppressing the tears that filled up, I could only shake my upper body in response to the breath that my lungs were sucking in.
“When you were silent, I was honestly really relieved. If I told you to go back, I would have died of embarrassment. ha ha ha!”
“Ku-k-k-k-k.”
Eruki burst into laughter filled with tears
lied
“don’t worry. you’ll do well suffered during that time. Now leave everything to me.”
With just one word from Nade, Eruki felt thousands of tons of weight drop.
“Nade.”
Nade, who had left his seat and headed for the door, stopped and looked back.
“huh?”
“Unconditionally succeed.”
Nade smiled and raised his thumb in front of a statement that left the weight of humanity on his shoulders.
“No problem.”
He said as he opened the door.
“I look lucky.”
The allied forces, who had escaped from the flow of demons, watched the situation without letting go of tension.
‘it’s okay. They don’t seem to have any intention of turning.’
They did not know that Paimon had already given orders to assemble at the capital.
said Dante.
“Wouldn’t it be better to avoid it? If the operation succeeds, it won’t be safe here either.”
It was within the range of an elemental bomb.
The fact that the citizens of Baska were evacuated was reluctant, but it was inevitable.
“let’s go.”
Miro said as if taking responsibility.
“The feelings are all the same. There is no one to applaud you for staying here. Let’s go now.”
Amy asked.
“Where are you going? If the demons advance to Ba Shuka, shouldn’t we follow them?”
Dante licked his lips.
‘Come to think of it, I became a corps commander in this war. You don’t know about the operation yet.’
Amy asked again.
“Why are the faces like that? Is there something I don’t know about?”
In any case, it was impossible to proceed with the operation ignoring the magician who had reached the level of fire.
“To Baska… …
The moment Lufist opened his mouth, Miro felt a creepy aura and turned around.
“That one?”
A group of troops, surrounded by light, flew over the horizon.
“Army of Heaven.” Angel and Mara flew quickly, followed by the fairies who floated the giant in the air.
“Huh? uh?”
When the giants crashed from 1 kilometer in the sky, the allied forces were dizzy just by looking at them.
The giants raised clouds of dust on the dry ground with a thud and slowly raised their upper bodies.
‘ big.’
The height of about 8 meters was not even close to average, and the really big giants were close to 80 meters.
“Is this where you start?”
As Ymir moved his steps while stroking his fists, the demons around him blocked the path.
“What are you?”
There are demons who know about the existence of heaven, but most of them were giants for the first time.
As Ymir furrowed his eyebrows in displeasure, a demon with scythe-like arms walked by.
“Sniff sniff. What is this, why does it smell like this? Are they so different from humans? It’s stupid to look like.”
The Demon, who lifted Ymir’s chin with a scythe, brought his face together and his smile was convex.
“Hey, you’re completely frozen. Hey, say something. Call the older brother behind you.”
The demons knew the 80-meter-tall giant as their leader, but in reality, their faces were pale.
“decided.”
As Ymir grabbed the demon’s scythe, his arm bent like a tong.
“Aww! my arms! my arms!”
While the demons raised their eyes in anger, Ymir warmed up and moved on.
“I’ll have to start by taking out the trash.”
“Kill!”
The moment the demons charged, raising their weapons and baring their teeth.
“Huh.”
Ymir took a deep breath, puffed out his lungs, and raised his arms up.
Surprised, Girshin held out his hand.
“Ymir! for a moment… … !”
Before he could finish his voice, Ymir lowered his stance and slammed the ground with both arms.
The sound of the world has been muted.
‘Is time going slow? No, is it fast?’
The allied forces who were watching from afar thought as if they were drunk with drugs.
‘What is that?’
The earth rose high like a tidal wave, and a whirlpool appeared in the sky, mixing colors.
‘I’m sleepy. want to go home.’
A strange yawn came out.
Their eyelids slowly close and their vision narrows.
“… … sun!”
I saw someone’s voice enter my ear in a thin form like a worm and then come out.
‘Hehe, that’s amazing. Can you hear it?’ Delirium caused by shock waves.
Aaaaaang!
And those who experienced that state disappeared from the world the next moment without exception.
Hey hey hey hey!
The flash of the mass teleport landed in an area two kilometers away from there.
“Is everyone okay?”
They made an emergency escape with maze magic, but they couldn’t save everyone.
There is also no time for mourning.
“again! again!”
At the same time as the mass teleport soared into the sky, a huge seismic wave swept the place.
Kurleung. Kurleung. Kurleung.
The sound of the earth cracking around Ymir spread in endless echoes.
“Tsk, you’re annoying me.”
There were no demons left in the flower garden, and even the heavenly angels watched with tired expressions.
‘A monster is a monster.’
At first Ymir’s birth, the question that came to mind permeated all of Heaven’s forces.
‘Why in this world…
do you need something like that?

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 959 - The Right Choice(3).txt
===============================
The right choice (3)
Taeseong’s pupils lost focus.
Her eyelids trembled and she was shocked, but after a while she let out a long breath.
“Haaaaa.”
The shockwave from earlier must have been the cause.
‘To the extent that the ground trembles from here.’
Oh Dae-sung’s expression became serious as he watched Tae-seong’s condition.
‘Is it really okay?’ Taeseong is a star.
However, at the point of existence in the state of incarnation, it has the status of the living world.
‘To manage the change of the planet.’ The star does not split immediately, but when this amount of shock accumulates, the system becomes unstable.
‘Things like earthquakes, tidal waves, volcanic eruptions. Regardless of the war, countless humans will die.’
Therefore, Taeseong used a method to separate itself from the star system.
It was to stabilize the system by absorbing most of the impact on the planet.
Fried asked.
“Why are you doing this?” “Human beings can die a little bit. No, if humans disappear, war will also disappear. Life will flourish again on the planet, and everything will return to its place.”
“The reason why nature is beautiful is… … Because they told me that humans are beautiful.”
Fried shut his mouth.
“When this universe first existed, everything just stayed there. Grass eats the sun, bugs eat grass, animals eat bugs… …
Even in the midst of hard times, Taeseong smiled.
“There is no reason. It’s a system. very cool system. But one day a human said this. Is this beautiful? Surprisingly, since then, my system has become beautiful.”
Oh Dae-sung listened.
“Humans give meaning to many things. This is comfortable, that is rather unpleasant. If you present a flower with a special name, you are conveying the heart of love… …
maybe it started then
all.
“To me, a system within a system, the authenticity of the outside world is not important. However, the reason we call humans users is that they give meaning to all things. The beings who define this world use it. If all humans disappear… …
If there is no one to define her.
“Nothing is beautiful. There is just a cold system that goes straight by the law.”
Oh Dae-seong was momentarily moved by the motherly love of Gaia, the mother of the world.
“But you are using it wrong.”
Amanta said.
“Current humankind can never unite. If you had such a high-level mind, you wouldn’t have come to this point. Taeseong is having difficult expectations.”
“It is not an expectation. Hope. Humans have to reach Ultima again, and without that power, you can’t stop Ankera or Buddha.”
Taesung added.
“Human survival is important in that sense. When mankind achieves an integrated mental system, the greater its destructive power, the greater the law will change.”
“It’s a presumptuous statement, but… …
Thing said.
“It probably won’t get there. First of all, I perceive others as false images, starting with myself. The Guffins have departed and humanity has been divided. Ultima ended with the Age of Gaia.”
“no.”
It’s a glimmer of hope.
“It is definitely continuing. The will of the Gaians goes to Shirone via Guffin.”
Minerva asked.
“Can Shirone lead all humans to Ultima? Tae-seong knows, too, how self-centered humans are and how little they understand others.”
“It only takes a moment.”
Taeseong tightened his eyes and said.
“Currently, humanity will need a lot of time to reach Ultima. But if only for one moment, if it could be perfectly integrated… …
You can strike a blow at the world.
“Shirone, the messiah left behind by Guffin, will do it. Before that happens, as many people as possible must survive. That’s why I want to meet Rian.”
If the legionnaires’ Pandemonium opens at the same time. When those who have reached the state of apostasy open an all-out war.
“The current shock is just the beginning. Sooner or later I won’t be able to stand it. Previously… … Whoops!”
Taeseong crouched down with a painful expression on his face.
“Taesung! Are you okay?”
Oh Dae-seong rushed in to check her condition, but Tae-seong was more curious than shocked.
‘why?’
Despite bypassing the shock signal, the residual shock wave was sending pain to the planet.
By human standards, the feeling of a bone tingling.
‘It’s already.’
It was a fact that I knew because I had experienced a shock similar to this a long time ago.
“It’s done. Let’s leave quickly.”
Contrary to what he said, seeing Taeseong, who was pale, looked back at the grass where Fried had thrown away Gaold while clicking his tongue.
‘Sheesh! Because of a psychopath… … Gaold, who loses his memory whenever he is bored, goes on a rampage and delays time.
However, if left unattended, it would destroy the planet, so I couldn’t just throw it away.
“Hey, wake up. I will depart.”
The distance between Fried’s eyes narrowed as he walked to the grass to pick up Gaold.
“Oh, sir… …
Minerva asked.
“What are you doing? bring it quickly Now that we’re just a little further away… …
” doesn’t exist.”
“huh?”
Fried looked back at the party and said.
“No, that guy.”
The warmth of Gauld still lingered in the grass where a person lay in the form of a collapsed person.
To get out of the shockwave that spreads without knowing the end, Miro linked up with a mass teleport.
The place they finally arrived at was the mid-slope of the underground mountain range overlooking Basuka’s landscape.
“Whoa. madman.”
Ymir’s destructive power was such that even Maze hated it.
“huh?”
When a clamor like white noise was heard from far away on the ground, everyone’s eyes turned to that place.
“oh my god… …
Like an isolated island, beyond the walls of Basuka, demons were forming a sea.
said Amy.
“Now tell me. What do I not know about this operation? What is the intention behind the flower garden?”
“An order came from the temple.”
Dante’s explanation was shocking, but Amy’s eyes calmed down.
“… … I see.”
More than any other explanation, the fact that it was a decision made by Eruki must have been effective.
‘If that guy said no, then it wouldn’t be right.’
He was more cool-headed than anyone else, but he wasn’t the kind of person who would consider efficiency with the lives of others.
Rufist said.
“Summarizing the situation, the flower garden has been destroyed and the demons are gathering in Basuka. If the elemental bombs fall, the whole area will be turned into a sea of fire. However, the elite of the demons are no longer here. Also, the armies of Heaven are pursuing us.”
Hearing the boiling screams from the Baska, the officers were lost in thought.
‘I want to go into the capital and fight. But what does that mean? When the elemental bomb explodes… …
“We are missing here.”
Miro said.
“You don’t have to fight yourself. If you do well, even the army of heaven can be dealt with with elemental bombs. Move secretly from now on, get out of the blast radius.”
There was no objection.
However, everyone could not take their eyes off the tragedy that occurred in Baska.
‘I’m not running away. It is to fight more.’
Just as he was about to make up his mind and turn around, two halos rotated in the sky.
“No, we cannot leave this place.”
“three.”
As the halo halo was lifted, Havitz Am Salzo appeared one by one.
Mayray was nowhere to be seen.
‘Did Havits take it?’
Miro’s thinking is to look in all directions, not to predict the future.
‘but… …
In her family, the present situation could well have happened.
‘Kuan lost one eye.’
This was also the case, so Miro asked coldly, carrying all his emotions.
“What do you mean, can’t I go?” Sein said.
“I read Havitz’s mind. Paimon, the leader of the 9th Corps, is planning to open the Pandemonium in time for the elemental bomb to explode. And when the Pandemonium opens, terrible things happen.”
“What kind of demon world is it?”
“hospital. But it’s not just a disease. It will make the body as well as the human mind sick. I don’t have time to explain in detail. We have to go to Baska right now and kill Paimon.”
Dante stepped out.
“Wait. If you’re going to open the Pandemonium, you don’t have to hit the explosion of the elemental bomb, do you? Why is that important?” Sein said.
“Because Harvits wants to enjoy the heart. What if the judgment that humanity thought was best produced the worst results? Humanity will fall into despair, and the stronger it becomes.”
“Satan will be excited.”
Sein nodded at Miro’s words.
“okay. Eliminate Paimon before the elemental bomb explodes. I have no choice but to enter Baska.”
Even if it means getting caught up in an explosion.
“Right.”
The probability of death suddenly increased, but everyone’s expressions were rather light.
Miro’s ears perked up.
“come.”
The sound of the giants moving echoed on the other side of the subterranean mountains.
Miro looked back at everyone and said.
“Go into Baska.”
No one objected, and after a while, the flash of mass teleport was bent toward the capital.
The armies of hell brutally trampled on the humans they could see without any discipline.
“Sah, save people! Aaaaaa!”
They couldn’t be called an army, but this was their true face.
“Give it up! It’s mine!”
“no! I got it first! It’s mine!”
The two demons holding onto the upper and lower body of a human woman claimed possession of each other.
“Kyaaak! it hurts! it hurts??????!”
The woman who couldn’t stand the power of the demon was eventually torn in two with her spine rattled.
“Gagging! Gagging!” The demons who were watching the shocked woman licked their lips and immediately turned around.
“doesn’t care! Because there are so many! Ha ha ha!”
The demons did not discriminate between the strong and the weak, and they did not discriminate between the noble and the lowly.
“found! I’m first!”
However, just as humans choose the breed of livestock, demons also had special tastes.
lass.
“Help me! Help me!” Young kid.
“Aww! mom! mom!”
Of course, there were also odd species who were not interested in being young or beautiful.
“Ha ha ha! Come on! I’ll pluck out your eyes first!”
If you knew where demons were born, there would be no need to question their preferences.
The smell of blood, the smell of intestines, the smell of filth.
As the things inside the human burst out, a stench emanated from Basuka’s stream.
Paimon raised his arms and shouted.
“Ho-ho-ho! very good! This is hell! It’s as comfortable as coming home!”
Where her gaze was directed, giants taller than the castle walls were pushing their faces.
People made a game.
“Aww! What is that!”
“What are the Capital Defense Forces doing! I mean, get rid of that monster quickly!”
Since most of the troops were sent to the flower fields, there were no troops left to protect the citizens.
At the center of that horrific scene, Paimon looked up at the sky and burned the will of the Demon World.
“I can do it here.”
Since she is also a military man, she knew that the Allies had hidden intentions.
“Huh, okay. Do whatever you want.”
I’ll teach you what the worst is beyond imagining.

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 960 - The Right Choice(4).txt
===============================
The Right Choice (4)
King of Baska.
“A monster, a monster!”
Giants over 80 meters in height surrounded the castle.
In front of the spectacle peering through the windows with bewildered eyes, even the most prestigious politicians got their pants wet.
Is this a sign of ruin?
In the king’s chambers, Adolf XII, who had become king in his youth, was also on his deathbed.
“ha. ha.”
Pony was sad because this was the last sight he would see as he ushered in a new era of magic.
“Your Highness, don’t worry too much. The glory of Tor Mia will surely be passed on through the descendants.”
“crane! crane!”
In the midst of the royal family, King Adolf XII raised his head to deliver his last will.
“My, my all… …
And at the same time, I met the giant’s eyes looking through the window.
“Aaaaaaa!”
Adolf XII was frightened and convulsed, and eventually died of agony.
“majesty! majesty!”
The king of Tormia has passed away.
In the midst of the royal family gathering and crying, only Pony had calm eyes.
‘This is the king.’
He is only human.
‘What should I do now?’
Thanks to Rufist risking her life to plead with her, she learned of the disaster that was about to happen to Basuka.
Sooner or later, an elemental bomb will explode over Baska, and no one will survive.
“Listen carefully from now on.”
“majesty! majesty!”
When no one in the royal family was listening, Pony opened her eyes and shouted.
“Listen to me, everyone!”
The royals frowned and looked back.
However, when he saw the giant walking outside, he realized the reality again.
“Eh, run away!”
The moment they were about to turn the doorknob, a rough current of water power swept through everyone.
“Pony! What are you doing!”
As the royals pushed up to the wall shouted with their eyes widened, Pony spoke coldly.
“Where are you going without inheriting the throne?”
“That, that… …
For those who staked their lives on their lineage, succession to the throne was as important as their lives.
“Of course, the next king is Adolf XIII here! Why are you asking the obvious?”
Each of the three princes had a name, but the eldest had already become Adolf XIII.
The royals were nervous.
‘What is that Pony girl thinking?’
The Royal Guard had already been sent to the flower field at Rufist’s suggestion.
There were a handful of guards, but if it was a Pony who graduated from a magic school, killing a person was an instant.
“If Tenar oppa becomes the next king… …
While everyone was watching with nervous expressions, Pony opened her mouth.
“How about holding a succession ceremony, even for a short time? Because the legitimacy of the king must be continued.”
“huh?”
The royals blinked.
“Look outside. This is a national crisis situation. We must quickly restore the kingship and lead the people.”
A sigh of relief was heard when she, who knew she would plot treason, obediently yielded.
“That would be nice. The palace must not be empty even for a moment.”
The eldest member of the royal family brought Adolf XII’s crown and placed it on Thénar’s head.
“Okay. Let’s go now. quickly!” The succession ceremony ended in an instant, and the royal family left in a hurry, leaving Pony alone.
Looking at the distant relatives, Pony smiled lightheartedly.
‘Still, I have at least some courage.’
Even when he heard Rufist’s proposal, he dreamed that he might become king.
“What is that?”
Now that the world has come to this point, the really important things are not something that others can give you.
“You were right, Shirone.”
will survive
At least her end would be different from that of Adolf XII, who died with a miserable expression on her face.
The giant, who was examining the inside with interest as if observing the world of a small country, let out a roar.
“Gaaaaang!”
Although the giant’s desire to trample on small things is incomparably greater than that of humans… … .
“I am not easy.”
Through the gap in the wall that the giant’s fist broke through, the flash of teleportation escaped.
Codename Lucky Boy.
“There!”
The aircraft Nade boarded was a self-powered, wizard-only aircraft.
Because it draws power from the outside, it is light and small in size, making it ideal for maneuvering missions.
‘Basuka.’
Basuka looked at from a high altitude was only the size of a thumb nail, but it felt like I could see each and every individual of the demons teeming with it.
It was disgusting and, if I could, I wanted to crush it with my hard boots.
‘It will happen soon.’
A single elemental bomb mounted on the lower part of the aircraft.
‘Only one foot.’
In the event of an unexploded bomb, the operation will fail, and mankind will perish by the forces of hell.
Even so, Eruki insisted on one shot.
‘Even though he’s a thorough guy… …
Who in the world could blame him?
‘do not worry. I will definitely succeed.’
Looking down again, most of the Hell’s army was concentrated in or near Basuka.
‘I drop it here.’ When the first realistic signal arrived in my brain, my heart sank.
‘really? Are you really doing it?’
As if the simulations I had imagined so far were absurd illusions.
‘Everything I see now disappears. In an instant.’
Life, life, civilization, and the joys and sorrows contained within them, it was not a weight to bear.
“Huh.”
My heart was not moved, but strangely, sobs leaked out and tears flowed.
“timer. timer.”
So I decided not to think about anything.
‘I’m just doing it. Like a fool, like a machine. Like a psycho, I just have to do my job.’
The time of 60 seconds will appear on the panel of the elemental bomb, and the moment it is separated from the vehicle, it will decrease by 1 second per second.
‘According to the calculations, it will explode at a height of 200 meters above Baska, and once it explodes… …
There is no life that can survive.
“Goes.”
Nade was about to reach for the button with a trembling hand when he heard a sharp voice.
“Catch that human!”
An army of fairies and fairies was flying in.
The moment he saw them, it seemed to pass quickly through Nade’s mind.
‘Press.’
A pure electrical signal with all the connotations.
As the elemental bomb detached from the aircraft with a click, the fairies turned sharply.
“Hold that object! Ikael’s name
Ishida!”
Time left until detonation, 59 seconds.
The maze swept through the town of Baska.
“Something like a c*ckroach!”
Every time the incarnation of Thousand Arms Guanshiyin performed a burial, the building collapsed.
“There!”
It was difficult to distinguish who was the rogue, but Miro and the others had no time to worry about trivial matters.
“Knock-knock! You want to catch me?” Paimon laughed as he moved freely between hundreds of points in the air.
‘It’s an annoying ability.’
Eating out van.
The ability to isolate a specific space and use the motility of those trapped there instead.
And now, Baska was an area with an abnormal population density that did not even need the world’s best modifier.
Paimon’s voice was heard from all directions.
“Ho-ho-ho! O moths that crave fire! The most wonderful festival in the world is coming soon… … !” The roof on which Paimon was standing was first pressed down in the form of a palm, and then the Cheonsu Gwanse Yin Jangbeop was pierced with repeated blows.
“It will begin.”
Paimon, who had left space before he knew it, looked up at the high sky with ecstatic eyes.
Elemental bombs were falling.
“what?”
The halo of the sun and moon created a telescopic effect in the atmosphere, and Miro and the others looked up at the sky.
“this!”
Even if he had prepared for death, it was dizzying to think that the bomb was about to explode.
‘How much is left?’
The timer Sain checked was 38 seconds.
Nade’s aircraft, which avoids the rain of fairies’ attacks, increased its output.
“I’m going crazy because I’m frustrated!”
Even if he cast lightning magic, it was impossible to counterattack because it was absorbed as the power of the flying object.
‘It’s too late to escape in time anyway.’
In the end, Nade, who left the aircraft, spread plasma around him and started magic in earnest.
passed the law
White electricity flashed like an explosion.
“Kyaaak!”
The fairy’s scream was cute, but the result was terrible.
As the bodies of the fairies struck by lightning glowed, squirrel-sized skeletons were reflected.
‘What the hell are these?’
According to the information I heard as the chairman of the Nade Group, it must be the army of Heaven.
The dynamics of good and evil are complex, but they were never necessary for humans.
‘Too many.’
As a rule of thumb, the number of fairies in the base was over 20,000, and the number around them also reached 1,000.
“I will take on the human. You guys collect the bombs!”
Hundreds of fairies chased after the bomb at the direction of Tanote, the head of the fairies.
‘no!’
He had already given up his life, but as much as the elemental bomb, he had to explode at a fixed location.
“at there!”
At the same time as Nade headed toward the ground, a strong restraining force wrapped around his body.
“Keugh!”
Tanote said with a cool smile.
“Triangle Jung. Triangle Field.”
Nade quickly scanned the large red line around him.
It was trapped inside an acute triangle, and at the apex, an ominous flame was burning.
“When three points are connected by a straight line, the area is mine.”
‘Damn it!’
Time left until detonation, 23 seconds.
“Eruki! Eruki! Open the door!” Left alone in the command room of the temple, Eruki sat down on the floor and did not answer.
An empty bottle of alcohol was scattered beside him, and his eyes, which had finished all the work, were unfocused.
“Eruki, please.”
Dorothy’s voice was followed by the commander’s cry.
“Back off! You said you wanted to be alone!”
“How are you? What if you have dangerous thoughts? Knowing how Eruki feels right now!”
“I do this because I know! Oh no, nobody knows! We cannot interfere!”
The sound of the quarrel was vague as if it was from another dimension.
“… … You made the right decision.”
Calculated by Lucky Boy’s performance, it will arrive in the sky over Baska in the next five minutes.
Eruki smiled faintly.
‘I did it. I did it. It couldn’t be more efficient than this. That is why… …
Is it right?
“Ahh… …
As the fear trapped in his heart exploded, sobs leaked out involuntarily.
“Ahhh… … Aaaaaa… … Seeing himself trembling as he grabbed his head, Eruki was convinced.
“it’s over.”
You won’t be able to live sanely.
“I’m done.”
“Eruki! please! talk to me! huh?” Dorothy’s banging on the door sounded like the approaching footsteps of a messenger from hell.
“Aww! Leave me alone!” When the sound disappeared from outside the door, Eruki covered his head again and sobbed.
“If I die. If I die… …
At that time, a calm knock sound was heard, different from the moment before.
“Eruki.”
The moment I heard the voice, my eyes widened.
pounding! pounding!
My heart was beating fast, and I raised my head even though I knew it was hallucinations.
“Eruki, it’s me. Can I come in?” It was Shirone’s voice.

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 961 - Face to Face（1）.txt
===============================
Face to Face（1）
Eating Out Triangle Field.
Tanote, who was born from the triangular spirit, is a middle jin belonging to the geometric system among the 72 classes of fairies, and governs the form of connecting three points with a straight line.
The law of the triangle is “the first force of confinement,” and ancient people also confined many concepts to this form, such as arrows (piercing), pottery (storage), and blades (cutting).
At a slightly higher level, there was a triangular horn that contained the spirit of Mara, and at the top was the trinity, meaning ‘reality’.
“Ho-ho-ho! What a pity! I don’t know what I dropped, but the archangel told me to collect it without fail.”
Of course, what Tanote deals with is not a high-level spirit, but a triangular form.
Even so, when the triangle field overlapped several times, Nade couldn’t move his limbs.
“damn!”
Tanote moved around Nade by taking three points, and each time the red line was activated, the restraining force became stronger.
‘It is an ability that becomes disadvantageous as time goes by. We need to deal with it as soon as possible.’ Following the muscles, even the senses were paralyzed.
When I looked down with the only gaze I could control, the elemental bomb was in a state of being as small as a dot.
‘Eruki.’
Honestly, I knew.
Even if the elemental bomb explodes safely, he is not a person who can breathe and live.
‘That’s why I can die too.’
As the eagerness that transcends life took hold of his entire body, electricity flowed through Nade’s body.
“Big!” As the electrical signal accompanying the pain flowed, the paralyzed senses were clearly felt.
“Uh, how?”
Tanote’s face, which was generating triangle fields in succession, turned pale.
‘Incarnation?’
A phenomenon that is not included in the Trinity and corresponds to the number 4 of the law.
As Nade gritted his teeth, the hundreds of red lines around him began to snap.
‘I’m sorry, Liz.’
In many ways.
‘I just lied to you and left.
me.’ Magic Fairy Tale – Brain God.
“Quaaaaaaaa!”
When Nade felt his reason fly away and screamed, the Triangle Field was destroyed.
Subsequently, an incarnation made of electricity rose from Nade’s body, acting as a dragon.
Tanote screamed in terror.
“Kyaaaaaa!”
The shape of the god of thunder that completely occupied the field of view was so vicious and sharp that it caused damage to the retina.
Tanote’s screams stopped abruptly as the giant, electrified face resembling Nade’s approached.
“100 million… … ! 100 million… … !”
A hiccup came out of shock.
The Thunder God had no intention of killing, but the reason why I was certain that he would die.
‘nature. It is the incarnation of nature.’
It must have been because he felt the temperament that only the highest-class fairies could have, the law of innocence.
The thoughts in Nade’s head exploded with a roar through the Thunder God’s entire body.
-You stupid kid.
“Hey!”
Nade’s face distorted like a monster.
– It’s not an insignificant thing to touch without knowing what it is.
It was a bomb containing all the hopes of Eruki and mankind.
“Heh, hehe.”
Tanote’s little face was covered with tears, and her legs trembled.
Even so, the pride of receiving the command of the great archangel Ikael did not break.
“shut up! I follow the archangel’s order… … ! Kuck!”
As the Thunder God’s grip gripped Tanote, the tiny body sizzled and burned.
“Huh!”
As Nade headed toward the ground with his eyes filled with electricity, the Thunder God grew in size and roared.
kurlrrrrrrung!
When it raised a thunderous sound comparable to that of the emperor, the fairies who were chasing after the bomb looked up at the sky.
“ah… …
The last thing their clear eyes captured was a sharp, gigantic speed of lightning.
Passssss!
As soon as the thunder god passed, all the fairies turned to ashes and disappeared, like a flock of gnats being burned.
“ha! ha!”
Nade, who caught up with the acceleration of gravity with the speed of electricity, hugged the bomb with his body.
Even with the aftermath of the magic assimilation remaining, both eyes clearly checked the timer.
‘Eleven seconds.’
There was a smile of relief.
‘finished.’
With the last ten seconds of his life left, good memories passed through Nade’s mind.
‘It’s not hallucinations.’
Eruki’s eyes looked frightened, but were looking at the door with even stronger desire.
It was obviously locked and the key was with him, but the lock unlocked as if by magic.
In fact, it was a door anyone could open if they wanted to.
However, only one person has the courage and qualifications to enter without receiving permission from Eruki.
No, I’m not sure about that either, but if I had to pick just one… … .
“Shirone.”
Outside the wide open door, Shirone was standing.
“How are you here… …
The commander was nowhere to be seen from Eruki’s location, and Dorothy was watching Shirone with a sad expression.
“I heard about it.”
When Shirone stepped into the room, Eruki’s shoulders twitched in fear.
“They made an elemental bomb. You succeeded.”
“??????go back.”
Eruki couldn’t bear to meet his eyes.
“I don’t want to receive comfort, rebuttal, or support. it’s what i chose I will be responsible for everything.”
“Operation elemental bombing is a good strategy. With this, you will be able to annihilate many demons.”
It was only then that Eruki looked at Shirone.
“Are you agreeing with me?” A smile spread across Shirone’s lips.
“Eruki, no one can object. Who else could have afforded it if not you? That’s why you are the only one who has the right to choose. Even if I am Yahweh, an infinite wizard, and the Five Great Stars of the Ivory Tower.”
While the commanders looked blank, Shirone got down on one knee in front of Eruki.
“I will not make any judgments about what you choose. The reason I came here is just… …
Shirone’s hand rested on Eruki’s shoulder.
“I came to keep my promise as a friend.”
Dorothy murmured.
” promise?”
On the other hand, Eruki.
“ah??????
Recalling a certain memory, the tip of his chin trembled.
“??????promise.”
Shirone nodded.
“Yes, that promise. When your thoughts lead to terrible tragedies, when your brain devours you… …
Tears flowed down Eruki’s cheeks.
“Please stop. You, you want me to stop… …
At that moment, this little rookie popped out from the depths of the brain, where scraps of information were piled up.
With a terrified expression on his face as if he had drifted on the sea, he stretched out his hand and shouted.
help me.
“I will take responsibility.”
Shirone responded to the sound of her heart.
“I will take responsibility for everything you had to deal with until now. therefore… …
Shirone’s voice trembled as she saw Eruki, who had become a pain, in her eyes.
“So now, come back.”
Eruki let out a painful cry and lowered his head as if he had been hit somewhere. Hugging his convulsive body, Eruki confessed his true feelings for the first time.
“scared. I am scared to death.”
“I’m fine now.”
As she stroked her friend’s back, which had dried up like a dead tree branch, Shirone strained her eyes.
“Because I am not afraid.”
Eruki nodded slowly, and Dorothy ran up and threw herself at him.
“Eruki! are you okay?”
Dorothy looked back as Shirone, who had entrusted her friend to her lover, slowly stood up.
“Thank you, Shirone.”
I left all the burden on Shirone, but to be honest, I couldn’t handle it anymore.
Eruki shook his head.
“What are you going to do?”
Just by putting down the weight of humanity, intelligence was reviving in his eyes.
“To Baska is too far. What time is it? okay.”
Servants don’t need to check their watch.
“It is already late. It’s more than enough time for Nade to drop the elemental bomb by now.”
“don’t worry.”
Shirone put her hands behind her back and looked out the window.
“Because my heart is already there.”
Time left until detonation, 10 seconds.
Paimon, heading towards the sky, mocked Miro and the others following him biting their tail.
“Knock-knock! Chase somewhere, humans!”
The elemental bombs were still high in the sky, but considering the speed of their fall, we would encounter them sooner or later.
‘The most gorgeous!’
Meanwhile, the fairy troops who were attacked by Nade also arrived at the headquarters of the army of heaven.
“sorry. I couldn’t stop it.”
Instead of showing emotion, Ikael looked at the bomb as it crashed at breakneck speed.
‘It’s obviously a human firepower weapon.’
Even Vulcan couldn’t imagine its power, but the angel’s scale surpassed that of humans.
‘Looking at the situation on the ground, it probably won’t be at the level of just playing with fire.’
Giants also entered the human city, so I wanted to collect the bomb as much as possible.
‘There is plenty of time.’
If you are an archangel of light.
“Rayel.”
Just as Ikael was about to give instructions, Nane said.
“Okay.”
Nane, as if not interested in the bomb, was watching the screaming humans in Baska’s mayhem.
“I want to watch you. It will be safe here.”
To say it was Buddha’s arrogance, he had no choice but to obey because what he had was perfect.
“All right.”
Nade was dizzy as he hung on to the bomb that was falling at great speed.
‘8 seconds! 7 seconds!’
At that time, Paimon and Miro’s party were quickly rising from the ground.
‘ what?’
The first thing I noticed was Amy.
‘Why are you in Baska?’
There was nothing he could do now, and Nade fell from the bomb at that point.
“Aaaaaaa!”
5 seconds.
‘Yes, let’s die! Die together!’
4 seconds.
I was just resentful, and beyond that resentment, futility surged from a faraway place.
3 seconds.
“It is Satan.”
Paimon opened his arms toward the bomb.
“Hell in this world!”
2 seconds.
Her skin started bubbling as the demon world showed signs of opening.
“Try it to your heart’s content! This is it!” candle.
“The worst disease I ever created… … !”
At that moment, brilliant golden smoke enveloped the bomb, and Paimon’s eyes shook in shock.
0 seconds.
‘Miracle Stream!’
If it exploded as it was, it would be a process so fast that it wouldn’t even remain in my mind.
“ah??????
All in the sky could see great vibrations of energy trapped in the golden smoke.
The Miracle Stream, which transcended time with quantum signals, was transformed into the form of Shirone.
“wow.”
Suppressing the explosion between her palms, Shirone was genuinely amazed.
‘The mobility of the particles is amazing.’
Of course, it’s not like we haven’t felt energy on this scale in all of the history of the universe.
‘It was made by humans?’
Eruki proved the fact that human knowledge can reach apostasy.
“Shirone… …
Nade and Miro, who were floating 200 meters in the air, found Shirone and were stunned.
But more surprising than that.
“Nonsense.”
It was a situation where the energy to fly several kilometers in an instant was confined to an area of 30 centimeters.
‘It converts energy.’
Just as electricity is produced by turning a windmill with wind, Shirone converted the kinetic energy of particles into hexa.
‘Any energy would be lethal
only… …
Shirone knew the only energy that could not be combined into a photon signal.
‘The ultimate realm of Yahweh.’
Agape.
The particles bubbled up and exploded in the air like primordial light.
“Ki-i-i!”
The moment Paimon’s arms and legs melted in the light, Miro’s party also twisted their heads.
‘I couldn’t stop it after all.’
At that moment, I suddenly realized that if the bomb had exploded, I would not have been able to even think of this.
“what?”
When Miro’s eyes flashed open, a tremendous number of screams erupted from the ground.
“Kuaaa! it hurts! it hurts!”
The citizens of Baska lay face down on the ground, hearing screams from all directions.
“Abominable Yahweh! Goddamn Yahweh… … ! Kut!”
Silence came when tens of thousands of voices filling the surroundings evaporated at the same time.
“Sal, are you alive?”
People stood up and looked around, but everything was covered in light.
“iced coffee??????
In a feeling of warmth in their hearts, they closed their eyes as if they had made a promise.
‘It’s warm.’
It was the heart of Yahweh, the temperature of agape.

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 962 - Face to Face(2).txt
===============================
Face to Face(2)
‘see.’
The world, filled with signals of agape, began to regain its color in the landscape.
Miro, who came down to the ground, looked around.
Basuka downtown, which was teeming with demons, was desolate and empty as if it had never been.
“Aww. cadet.”
Even those with a high concentration of demons and strong demons were crawling on the ground in a half-melted state.
‘Half of it is gone.’
Judging by the population density, there must have been at least 60 million extinct demons.
Of course, downtown Baska was almost wiped out.
The only surviving army was the demons outside the range of Agape, beyond the walls of Basuka.
‘But the point is… …
Excluding the demons, the people in the city did not suffer even a single word of damage.
“I lived.”
Citizens who came to their senses jumped up.
“I live! We live!”
It was only when their shouts reached the sky that the party felt the reality.
‘Shirone is… …
It’s always a familiar face, but now my heart raced as if a dead person had returned.
“Whoa.”
Shirone, who came down to the ground last, exhaled a long breath and looked around at everyone and smiled.
“hi?”
As always, even the simple greeting brought tears to my eyes.
“city… …
That’s when Amy opens her mouth and tries to approach.
“Shirone!”
Nade, who cast spark magic, quickly closed the distance and hugged Shirone.
“You bastard! What the hell happened? You don’t even have to talk to us!”
“sorry. There was a situation.”
They knew each other so well that even Nade didn’t want to hear an explanation.
“Ha, really… …
I had no doubt that it would come.
Eruki thinks, Nade prepares, and Shirone always solves problems.
“I thought I was really going to die.”
My heart skipped a beat when the elemental bomb timer dropped below 10 seconds.
Nade suddenly remembered.
“I have to tell Eruki. That guy, every minute and every second is a dangerous situation. Just in case… …
“are you okay. Because even Eruki knows.”
” huh?”
Even knowing about the existence of the elemental bomb, there was no way that Shirone had been to the temple first.
‘I don’t have that kind of personality.’
How to incline the mind to the urgent side.
But even that was just human common sense, unable to solve two cases at the same time.
“Shirone.”
Shirone turned to Rian’s voice.
“Rian.”
I didn’t make a fuss.
He must have been the only one who could forget Shirone for a moment and fight in this terrible battlefield.
Perhaps out of pride, Rian smiled and pushed Amy on the back.
” ah.”
Nade lost the player, but rather fortunately, his heart pounded.
‘Am I ready to meet Shirone?’
Because he did everything he could, the warm hope disappears and only the cold reality remains.
At the point where you have to face everything like that.
‘Shirone… …
It seemed non-human.
“You’re getting stronger, Amy.”
As if comforting, the first emotion Amy felt was anxiety.
“You worked hard. Enter Valkyrie, receive special training from Mr. Garcia, and… …
I’ll try to list as many things as possible.
“I risked my life to fight alongside you, wandering around the battlefield. And then the fire… …
I didn’t feel like I was approaching Shirone.
“I almost died, but I did… …
Looking at Amy, who was desperately holding back her sorrow, Shirone opened her mouth.
“Sorry.”
It was sincere.
“I hurt you. You shouldn’t have said that. I am the worst boyfriend ever.”
“what.”
Amy tightened her trembling lips.
“What is the worst? you did your best Because I’m weak, I can’t fight with you… …
“no.”
Shirone shook her head.
“It was me who was weak.” The people around them waited for the first sincerity of Shirone, who had reached a new level.
“I was weak, so I said such mean things. You must have suffered as much as I did, but you made me take responsibility for my pain.” The reason why the Ultima system is possible is because everyone has a heart.
“therefore… …
Syrone said, guessing the wounds Amy had to endure.
“Let’s fight together. Whatever the outcome, I will never leave your side.”
Amy’s shoulders trembled with emotion, and her friends smiled.
uo ≫
……Huh
Amy clenched her fists and nodded.
‘I don’t cry.’
Until we end this war with everyone, not a single tear will be shed.
On the other hand, the army of Heaven, who was watching from outside the walls of Baska, was also stunned for a moment.
In particular, Satiel felt an emotion close to fear after the light of agape burst out.
‘What is this?’
It was certain that it was a type of Hexa, but it was a feeling I had never experienced before.
‘Is it included in the Guffin erasure?’
The reason I think it’s a little different from that is because there’s no peculiar discomfort.
‘After all, you’re saying that I don’t know. But also… … It’s something I know.’
Because she has tried countless times to recover her memories, there is only one case that can be deduced.
‘If it’s the Guffin itself.’
Agape is not experienced, but the contradiction is resolved if it is associated with the guffin.
‘After all, if the feeling of that light is a guffin… …
Satiel’s eyes turned to Ikael, but her expression was still cold.
‘why?’
If Ikael had regained his memory, he would have to react shockingly to the light from a moment ago.
‘Couldn’t he have regained his memory?’ Satiel, who had been contemplating Ichael’s gaze, shook his head ferociously.
‘No, it’s rather abnormal. Even I, whose memory has not been recovered, had a ripple in my mind.’
The lack of shaking in the Astral Body meant that he was intentionally controlling his mind.
‘I’m alive.’
Ikael looked down at the scene where the demons disappeared and millions of humans saved their lives.
“Are you relieved?”
At Nane’s question, Ikael turned his head.
“I have special feelings for humans…”
“Someone said this. A voice without heart is just a shell.” When Ikael was silent, Shura stepped out.
“How is the Buddha feeling?
Many demons died and humans lived.”
I’m…….
“I opened the psychic realm.”
I looked down at the joy of the citizens who had regained their chance of life.
“I called the devil, and in return, countless humans are suffering. Do you think it is cruel?” “Are they happy to be alive? Of course I’m happy. However, demons are the spirit of that era. It’s not fruit and water from outer space.”
Nane wrinkled her nose with a sad expression.
“Since when are humans… … Didn’t you just feel fear after suffering from demons?”
Shura couldn’t answer this time either.
“Did I open hell? No, I opened the era. The terrible pain that someone had to endure even before the psychic realm opened became a reality and hit everyone. Of those who rejoice here and now, how many are not responsible for the hell of this age?”
“But human beings are by nature… …
“There was once.”
Nane, who swallowed Ankera’s dream, knew about humanity that existed a long time ago.
“A truly strong human being who has nothing to fear from the spirit of the times.”
The archangels nodded.
‘It did.’ In fact, there has never been a time in the history of Heaven that demons have had such great power.
‘The Gaians are a race that fought against the gods. The demon had no place to set foot in front of their beliefs.’
He was not afraid of what was inside of him.
“So, as of yet, I cannot decide on the necessity of my existence.”
you said
“I will go and listen.”
After crossing the walls of Baska, the army of Heaven landed on the street where Shirone was.
The Yahweh of the age and the Buddha of the age faced each other with a block in between.
The sounds disappeared one by one, and finally silence came without even the sound of breathing.
Nade swallowed dryly.
‘My heart feels like it’s going to burst.’
Just looking at the people lined up right behind Nane, the energy was enough to overwhelm the world.
‘That’s an archangel. Is it the Ikael Shirone spoke of? that guy is probably already
“There is nothing to be nervous about.”
Miro put his hand on Nade’s shoulder.
“I don’t know until I try. Because we’re not too hard. Including you, of course.”
My heart was calmed down by the smile of the polar line.
“ah??????
Then, for the first time, the faces of those who guarded Shirone came into view, and a shudder arose.
‘and me.’
The strongest (self-proclaimed) electric wizard Nade.
‘I will finish this fight.’
As she looked back with her eyes shining like that, Shirone took a step alone.
“Hey you??????!”
Shirone turned around and smiled.
“I will be back.”
Nade then saw Nane approaching alone from the army of Heaven.
Each step Yahweh and Buddha took to meet each other was as long as an eternity.
Dante, who was watching seriously, smiled.
‘It brings back memories.’
Back in magic school, during the 2,000 man-to-person battle, Shirone and Dante walked like that.
‘Neither of us had any failures.’
Two people who had only experienced winning streaks in their short lives faced off, and the result was Dante’s defeat.
‘That defeat… …
The reason why I feel fortunate is that I am freed from the compulsion to win and am able to savor life.
‘But you are still carrying it.’
As the afterimages of the sword stood up around Nane, Shirone also floated a hexagonal hexa.
‘ good.’
Dante pushes Shirone’s back with his gaze.
gave it
‘That is the end of the world.’
Shirone, who shattered Hexa into golden smoke, collided with Nane, who created a sword fire.
As the two stared at each other in that state, the observers thought the same thing.
‘ Resembles.’
The pure impression of Shirone and the tattoo-filled Nane were never the same… … .
‘Why are you doing this? Are my eyes strange?’ It was as if one person was standing in front of a mirror, the same person with the left and right reversed.
“The other side of the mirror.”
Miro said.
“Then really… … Who could it be?”
Nane’s sword rose like a thorn, and at the same time, the Miracle Stream split and struck.
Cuckoo Cuckoo Cuckoo!
Every time the sword, which had thousands of visible afterimages, was entangled in the smoke of light, it made my eyes dizzy.
“The fight started the moment you took the first step.”
They just blocked each other’s way, and no one had ever stopped walking.
‘It breaks through.’
When Shirone gritted his teeth and frowned, Nane made the same expression.
‘What is necessary?’
The concept of a billion units to ask for it, all those harmony attacked Shirone in the form of a sword.
‘Absolutely not.’
When the Miracle Stream wrapped around Nane’s sword, all those concepts scattered like a delusion.
‘It’s not that cold. That’s the heart.’
While Hexa and Geomhwa collided with a roar, no one on either side dared to step out.
‘The same thing is colliding.’
It felt like the law of the world was bursting just by looking at each other.
“The world is one anyway.”
Miro said.
“The only thing left for the two people who perfectly defined that world is a difference in point of view. It’s like a mirror. But the problem is, you don’t know who’s in the mirror. Also, since both are perfect, they will never break.”
Sein asked.
“then?”
“Thus, what breaks is perspective. The moment the mirror breaks, they will know for themselves.”
Who is it that is pouring in fragments?

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 963 - Face to Face(3).txt
===============================
Face to Face(3)
‘ amazing.’
Nane paid her respects to Shirone. It’s a realization. He’s reached the pinnacle himself, so he wasn’t particularly surprised.
Just the path Shirone chose.
‘mind.’
The fact that he stood at the end of the world with everyone’s heart in it is great.
‘Yeah, there was a road like that.’
Like the symmetry of a mirror, we walked different paths from the beginning but ended up in the same place.
‘I must say right.’
Hexa, the ultimate state that the heart can pursue, Nane had no choice but to admit.
‘But this is the beginning.’
As Nane’s sword flame emitted a more brilliant light, he began stabbing at the Miracle Stream.
whatever you can imagine
Because Nane’s sword contains all the harmony this world has.
‘Sermon, Bing-Yeong
All cold concepts stung Shirone in a near-infinite spectrum.
‘It’s not cold.’
Shirone’s heart, which denied Nane’s truth, was embodied in the Miracle Stream and destroyed the sermon.
Amy’s face was in shock.
“oh my god… …
Every time the particles of light and the sword of concept collided, something unbelievable was seen in the spark.
“What is that?”
pupil.
It is not clear whether it was human, but an innumerable number of pupils flickered across their retinas.
“The world is ripping apart.”
Miro said.
“That’s as far as humans can know. Is it an error in the universe or something more… …
Nade swallowed and said.
“What if we step out? What if you break the balance of power?”
“Are you stupid over there?”
At the place Miro pointed with his chin, he saw angels waiting with serious faces.
“The reason they don’t move is because Shirone and Nane aren’t fighting a power showdown.”
“Then what do we fight with?”
“All justice in the universe.” “The world is one, but the point of view has somehow become two. That’s a problem.”
Rufist continued.
“When I hit with a mass of 100 tons, Nane and Shirone each decide how that 100 tons will behave. In the end it doesn’t make any sense It’s up to them to decide.”
Miro nodded.
“That’s right. The two systems are perfectly interlocked. Only the two of you know the justice that is given out there. Even if I attack Nane with a polar line, it’s a situation where Shirone could suffer damage.”
While they were talking, the confrontation between Shirone and Nane reached its peak.
‘Did you realize this too?’
It was always me who asked questions.
‘Then how about this?’
The sword of the sermon was fired at Shirone, combining all the concepts of the end and end of the universe.
‘Agape.’
The Miracle Stream emanated a terrifying light and wrapped around Nane’s sword, breaking it.
Miro’s eyebrows trembled.
“Almost matched.”
If it were a conversation, the two would have talked about everything in the universe in a short amount of time.
‘And here it is the same. If it was one person, it would have been a god, but in the end, it’s just two people… …
still human.
‘Who is the one that breaks?’
At that time, Miro covered her face and watched it seriously, the angelic light shook.
At the same time, exclamations erupted from the Allied side.
“uh’? uh huh?”
It was a subtle movement that could not be seen with the naked eye, but it was a powerful feeling that made her concentration scream.
“Sir, Shirone… …
I was pushing Nane’s forehead little by little.
‘I don’t look alike.’
When the symmetry of the mirror disappeared and Yahweh and Buddha were separated, Nane’s face was distorted.
“Big!”
The sword fire stood up as if it were exploding, and the entire Basuka was shaken with powerful vibrations.
‘Perspective is breaking.’ It felt as if the world would split in two, but Shirone had no intention of stopping.
‘Never back down.’
Just when I opened my bitter eyes and took a step, I saw Nane’s smile.
“huh?”
At the same time as Shirone’s step landed on the ground, Nane stepped back the same distance.
“What, what?”
Allied forces, as well as the army of Heaven, narrowed their eyes.
‘Did you step back yourself?’
It was almost the same, so even Shirone couldn’t understand what he was doing earlier.
‘I wouldn’t have done it.’
If he was afraid of defeat and retreated, he would not have become a Buddha of the era from the beginning.
“It was an informative conversation.”
It was the reason I was offended by Nane’s words.
“A conversation? We risked the world and collided. there are no variables No, I checked all the variables. No matter what you do, the outcome will not change.”
“know. I lost.”
No one said anything, but the atmosphere of the Heavenly Army was agitated.
‘Buddha… …
It was Shura who was most shocked.
‘I know. He’s not one to give up so easily. Even if it’s Yahweh… … . no way?’
Suddenly, a thought came to my mind.
‘Is it that difficult?’
Nane stepped back and continued talking.
“Even though the direction is different, the essence is the same. It’s about thinking about what people need. I could understand your philanthropy. No, I truly understand you.”
Nane’s gaze moved away from Shirone for the first time, and turned to someone behind her.
‘Amy.’
If you close the world, Amy will disappear, and your love for her will also disappear.
‘Is this the right thing?’
I’m right in everything except one, so stop believing that this is also right.
‘That shouldn’t be the case.’
If it wasn’t 100%, the Buddha’s sermon would be abusive language, not the truth.
“I am watching you.”
As Nane ascended to the sky, the army of Heaven lifted its head with an absurd expression.
“Are you gone?”
When he turned his eyes back to the ground, the allied forces were behind Shirone.
3 Mara Ashur asked Ikael.
“What should I do?”
Since the Buddha had left the front line, the ultimate command authority had passed to the archangel.
said Leil.
“Please allow me to leave. As you saw earlier, Nane is not Anchera. We have a mission to rule over them by continuing the will of God. I will.” No words came out of Ikael’s mouth as he met Shirone’s eyes.
Satiel was alert.
‘If she regained her memory, there’s no way she would allow a war with humans.’
“Chief Angel.”
Just as Ashur was about to ask again, Mir kicked off the floor and jumped out.
“Enough now.”
He quickly closed the distance and thrust his fist into Shirone’s face.
“I will solve it.”
As the Miracle Stream wrapped around Ymir’s arm, an unfamiliar resistance surged up.
“Quack!”
A resistance never to be forgotten.
“Yaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!”
The light smoke exploded with a pop, and the wind pressure of the fist pushed Shirone back.
“Whoa!”
I had already experienced it as an omega, but the feeling of being victimized without going through Guffin was vastly different.
“It’s a jab, a jab.”
Rian stepped in front of Ymir, who raised his arms and thumped the ground as he charged.
“Your opponent is me.” As the great sword swung around and split the world, Ymir’s eyes shone.
‘This… … ?’
As the animalistic urge surged in, Ymir’s body, which was heading towards Shirone, twisted sharply.
“Ha ha ha ha!”
As he attacked while covering his face with one arm, the Daejikdo hit the top of his forearm.
M | 99
The moment the sensation called shock was delivered, it was so thrilling that the hair on my head stood on end.
‘Yes, this is it!’
Ymir, losing his temper from the excitement of the battle, twisted his back and threw his fist.
“Come on, Ozen… …
At the same time, a huge incarnation of Guanshi Yin emerged and struck Ymir thousands of times from left and right.
“Explode.”
As the final blow was struck, Ymir’s body was pushed aside four meters.
‘Four meters?’
The maze was bittersweet.
‘I hit it with the intention of flying 4 kilometers.’
When Ymir opened the attack, the giants rushed forward, shaking the ground as if they had been waiting for them.
“Sheesh! Those!”
Ashur lost his temper, but they were dead anyway by Ymir’s command.
Miro said as he signed his hand.
“Fight. Get ready.”
As the allied forces rushed towards the army of heaven, the angels inevitably began to move.
Only Shirone was watching the situation.
‘It’s disadvantageous at this rate.’
Unlike the Allies, which depend on a few characters, the Heavenly Army were all Xinjiang.
If it wasn’t for Miro’s defensive power, it wouldn’t be strange if Basuka had already flown away.
‘I have no choice but to do it.’
Only Hexa could do this.
“Whoa.”
Shirone let out a deep breath and drew in the Miracle Stream between her hands.
‘As expected, it’s not enough.’
However, as the melee continued in Basuka, it was the humans who suffered the most damage.
“Hand of God.”
As signals are fired over Shirone’s head, the clouds open up and open a huge hole.
“That one?”
The angels’ faces turned pale.
“Stop!”
As a huge group of light in the form of a hand pierced the sky, the archangels rushed.
The fastest was Rayel.
‘Accelerator!’
The moment Rayel, who was charging at the speed of light, put the brakes on the speed of light and punched out.
‘ huh?’
A blond-haired boy, apparently moving at the same speed, charged in from the side.
‘That one?’
In the eyes sparkling with madness, I saw two magic circles being assembled at the speed of light.
‘Gwangryong… …
When he thought that far, the boy’s fist hit Rayel in the face.
‘Phaeton?’
bang
The archangel’s body, pinned to the ground, dug a hole in the ground and was pushed endlessly.
“Ha ha ha! A long time!”
Before the inertia of power disappeared, Phaeton, who had caught up with Rayel, unleashed a series of blows with small fists.
“Did you miss it! uh? Did you miss me?”
Layel’s upper body was stuck on the ground, and her legs were flapping like fish.
When the angels who had been watching blankly for a while came to their senses and hurriedly turned around.
“no!”
The Hand of God pressed down on the entire Basuka, bending his fingers as if scooping up dirt.
‘Heaven’s army is scooped out.’
Like a filter, the entire army of heaven was caught in a fist of light rising to the sky.
“Yaaaaa!” At the same time as Shirone swung his arm, Hand of God threw everyone away.
Numerous angels invoked the judicial halo, but it was a nature that could not be stopped by the law.
“Aaaaaaa!”
The eyes of the allies widened as they saw the angel and Mara, the fairy and the giant flying like sand.
“… … What is that?”
When she turned her head to listen to the explanation, Shirone was breathing heavily.
“ha. ha.”
I didn’t like the current result
‘The Ultima system is too weak. All it takes is a wire break. It didn’t even fly to outer space.’
pop! pop! pop! pop!
Listening to the Pagongong sound, it seemed that some factors had already broken the power of Hexa and departed.
‘I need more ideas.’
As Shirone lost his thoughts, the Hand of God assumed the shape of a hand resting on his chin.
While everyone watched in bewilderment, Peyton walked away, dusting off his pants.
“Anyway, it’s slow… …
A roar erupted in the air,
Around Shirone, 11 people landed.
They glared at Phaeton as if they were about to eat it, but immediately got down on one knee and bowed.
“Messiah.”

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 964 - Face to Face(4).txt
===============================
Face to Face(4)
As 12 people, centered on Shirone, knelt down, a murmur was heard from the allied forces.
“Who is it?”
Very few people knew the identity.
“Those… …
said Zulu, feeling Maze’s eyes catch fire.
“Be careful. The battle is not over yet.”
With the Hand of God, the army of Heaven was scattered all over the world, but with their abilities, it was a matter of seconds to gather again.
Among the 12 apostles, a black woman with long limbs and well-developed muscles spoke.
“Forgive me for being late. Looking for where the Messiah is going… …
It was the black dragon Abyris.
She was wearing a gypsy-style skirt and clad in accessories with the meaning of witchcraft.
He has an arrogant personality to the point of calling himself the Black King, Gwangpokryongmi, and always quarrels with Gwangryong, his natural enemy, but is always polite in front of the Messiah.
Phaeton smiled uncharacteristically for a boy.
“Hey, is that slow or something? You have to keep your head upright and take a look.”
Shirone’s quantum transmission transcends the light speed barrier, so in reality, Phaeton was only belatedly tracking it.
Earth Dragon Gaitan sternly scolded.
“Don’t be c*cky. Competition is always welcome, but teamwork is also important to fulfill the will of the Messiah.” It was a dark-skinned giant with extremely well-developed shoulder muscles, and was actually the best among the 12 apostles in terms of physical strength.
Shirone apologized.
“sorry. It was a situation where there would be setbacks if the simultaneous events were not developed. But we’ve bought time, so we’ll go ahead as planned.”
The 12 apostles bowed their heads.
“I follow the will of the Messiah.”
After shaking off Gangnan’s hand, Miro approached.
“Isn’t there something we need to do before that? If it wasn’t for me, Shirone couldn’t stop the atomic bomb. After all, aren’t you guys saying your calculations are wrong?”
The Fire Dragon Inpercus licked his lips.
“whatever? So did you send it?” Miro raised his head, rather excitedly.
“Ho-ho-ho!”
She stopped laughing and glared ferociously.
“It was so exciting when we tied it up and beat it up, right? Will you suffer this time?” As if to prove their sincerity, the incarnation of Guanshi Yin with thousands of hands emerged with a mad smile.
The dragon, Argan, raised both hands and stopped the maze.
“Everything went well, but don’t fight. Aren’t they each having their own circumstances?”
He was a tall man with a white face like a clown and black eye makeup.
She had a terrifying impression with her lips torn apart with a black rouge.
“shut up. The one you hit hurt the most.”
“No, that… … Because work is work.”
As Argan scratched his head in a quarrel, the white dragon, Assryker, stood up.
“sorry.”
In an instant, the hall became silent.
“I apologize for what happened before. Now that we have come to follow the Messiah, from now on we will treat you according to our relationship with the Messiah.” Even more than the maze, the people around me were stunned.
‘ beautiful.’
No, an indescribable charm seemed to cover her whole body.
‘It’s not attractive. It’s magical power.’
Even the cool-headed Lufist was dizzy, and even the women, Tess and Amy, couldn’t take their eyes off her.
It must have been because he was focusing on Miro right now. If he made eye contact, anyone’s legs would go weak and collapse.
“?red.”
Miro also had already experienced Baekryong’s ultimate goal.
Although she doesn’t have the ability to dispel magic like Shirone, Senseum, who has no blind spots, endured by hitting an iron wall against all senses.
‘However, it is impossible to engage in delicate combat in this state. If so, can this also be considered an attack?’
In any case, if the 12 apostles followed Shirone, it also met the purpose of the maze.
“Okay, then let’s get down to business. Si Lone, there must be a reason why you flew the army of heaven.”
“yes. For now, that was my limit.”
Shirone spoke frankly.
“Hand of God is an example of an aggressive use of Idea’s link. It uses the user’s will in the form of a hand.”
As everyone looked up at the sky, a huge hand of light gave an OK sign with their index finger and thumb.
Miro lowered her head and asked.
“What does that mean? Of course, it will take time for the entire line to form, but there is no special defense method.”
It was just fighting.
“no.”
Shirone shook her head.
“From now on, defeat the armies of Heaven individually.
I will.”
“huh?”
Everyone blinked.
A carriage that came out of the temple quickly ran towards Vasuka.
Dorothy was on the left and Aromi was on the right.
And on the bed opposite… … .
“Quantum transfer?”
Shirone was there.
“huh. It’s Hexa’s ability.”
When Shirone raised his index finger, the hexagonal hexa was quickly turned.
“It’s also the first ability I created.”
In fact, Guffin could have done it, but it was correct to say that there was no need for it.
“Everybody was strong in the days of the Gaians. Not just force, what should I say? Do you think everyone said they looked like guffins?” It took time to get to Baska, so this rookie could listen calmly.
“My first thought after receiving the Omega from Karatorsa was that I couldn’t do that.”
“Currently, mankind is not that strong.”
“… … unfortunately. So I thought. What is the most efficient way to use the Ultima system?”
“Is that the ability you just described?”
Eruki couldn’t believe it.
“huh. Quantum transfer is… … . Ah, the 12 apostles have just arrived. Anyway, the quantum transfer song… …
Dorothy held out her hand.
“wait for a sec. I don’t understand, so you’re in Baska, and you’re in this place, and you’re exchanging information?”
Shirone shook her head.
“No, it is not two separate things. Because there is only one me in this world.”
“But now you… …
“Yes, I am also in Baska. Well, how can I easily explain this? okay.”
Said Shirone, who flicked her finger.
“Actually, there is no city called Basuka. They do not exist in this world.”
“Hmm.”
While Eruki nodded as if he had realized something, Shirone pointed at the window.
“Dorothy, what do you think is out there?”
There were curtains on the windows.
“Well, mountains or forests? animals or
what… …
Dorothy stopped talking and blinked.
“You mean nothing?”
“okay. At least for us as observers.”
When Shirone pulled back the curtains, a wide meadow was revealed.
“And the moment we observe like this, the world is born.”
Aromi, an outsider, asked an innocent question.
“Then what if I pull back the curtains incredibly fast? So fast that you can’t even see it. Then will it be confirmed that there is nothing?”
“haha.”
Shirone laughed, but didn’t feel bad.
It must have been because there was a feeling that it was a good question.
“Common sense imagination is like that. But when you extend it to the realm of thought, everything that exists in this world can never overtake the background signal. I am confined to a solid wall.”
“What is that wall?”
“hour.”
“ah?… ”
“It’s called the light-speed barrier. The basic signals that make up this world are photons. It’s not because the light is fast, but because it’s basic, you can’t overtake it. Therefore, the speed of light is constant, and no matter how fast the curtains are pulled back, you cannot see the background.”
Aromi always nodded her head.
“Hoo, that’s right. No matter how fast the arrow is, if time stops, it won’t be able to move forward. Oh, is this example correct?”
“Exactly.”
A smile appeared on Aromi’s face.
“Huh, now I understand. After all, everyone trapped in the photon system cannot transcend the speed of light.”
“yes.”
Shirone nodded and added.
“But I can transcend.” With Aromi’s mouth gaping blankly, Eruki smiled.
“Is that quantum transport?”
“huh. The mind can transcend the speed of light. Actually imagining the end of the universe is incomparably faster than light.”
Dorothy asked.
“But isn’t that just imagining?”
“Even that doesn’t change anything. In fact, even now, Baska still exists.
isn’t it?”
“That is our position. therefore… … You’re the only one here, and you won’t know whether you’re in Baska or not until you observe it, I get it. The problem is you. The feeling of being in different spaces at the same time doesn’t seem logical.”
“That’s because humans have one mind and one body. In fact, on other planets, a single brain can drive millions of creatures. Their logic must be different from that of humans.”
Shirone spread his palm and raised the index and middle fingers of the opposite hand vertically.
“These two fingers are in different spaces, but I can tell immediately which one moves. Of course, this is not an exact example. This is transmitted through nerves, but I am connected by quantum signals.”
“It is the heart.”
Eruki said.
“It’s an integrated mental system.”
“huh. I found a way to maximize the power of the Ultima system. Of course, since I am only one person, the system will not be strengthened. You can only defeat enemies individually. And above all… …
Shirone’s eyes changed sharply.
“This is the only way to unite the human mind the fastest.”
Eruki realized.
‘This guy really… …
He was thinking of reviving the Ultima system.
“Does the range matter?”
“huh. There is no courtship of space. Because that’s my heart. step.”
Shirone placed her index and middle fingers on her palm again.
“It is the heart after all. If I, in the two spaces, observe each other’s existence, one will inevitably disappear.”
The moment their fingers met, Shirone quickly moved her middle finger out of her palm.
“Right.”
Eruki’s head turned.
“Nevertheless, strategically enough. In summary, if you exist in a region where you cannot observe each other, then the phenomenon you described is possible, right?”
* O” Heh.
Shirone in both spaces said the same thing.
“Simultaneous events.”
Dante, Amy, and Nade, as well as Miro, all had dazed expressions.
“What kind of nonsense are you talking about?” While Rian had already given up on understanding, Poine, the venomous dragon, burst into laughter.
“Chuck! Did the young wife live only by being deceived? The power of our Messiah moves the heavens.”
u tsu ” X.
Miro looked at him with a hard look, but he was right.
‘Hmm, that’s why they were forcibly disbanded. The basis of the idea is the Ultima system. It’s definitely a good way.’
After thinking, Miro asked.
“What are the criteria for transmission? If space didn’t exist, we wouldn’t be able to take coordinates.”
“that’s right. It needs a quantum signal from the observer. In other words, you cannot go where there are no people.”
“What is that?”
With Shirone’s mobility, it was a wall that could be crossed.
“Then from now on… …
After explaining the simultaneous incident, Si Lone turned to everyone and said.
“I will assemble a team to fight with me.”
No one came forward.
Because there will be Shirone on every team.

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 965 - Simultaneous Incident(1).txt
===============================
Simultaneous Incident (1)
Rufist said.
“Let’s think about it first.”
The confrontation was short-lived, but the army of Heaven remained clear in Lufist’s mind.
“The subjects became independent in Heaven, and the eternal beings were mobilized for the ministry of Ra Enemy, but scattered due to the collapse of the Council of Ten.”
The placenta would have died.
“In the end, all that came before us was power. Angels and Maras, fairies and giants.” Even so, it was true that it was difficult to deal with with human power.
Sein said.
“Heaven is not the only thing that matters. The elite of the demons still remain around the world. And sooner or later, the Pandemonium will be fully opened.”
Shirone said as the atmosphere became serious.
“We have three main goals. First, join the humanitarian relief efforts currently being carried out in the Ivory Tower. Second, subdue the demons and prepare for the demon world. Third, subdue the armies of heaven and essentially stop me.”
Nade asked.
“me : yes? Didn’t you already block it?”
“We talked a lot. Maybe about the whole universe. But one thing is clear… …
Shirone turned to Amy.
“I mean I love Amy.”
Only that fact must have been the reason he backed down from all levels of confrontation.
“huh?”
As everyone who knew Amy turned around, Tess asked with a bewildered look.
“What are you talking about? Why is it me all of a sudden?” Amy’s face flushed hot.
“That, that… …
Although he had never been stabbed, it was also true that he missed an opportunity to explain himself.
“So, when I first opened the fire world… …
Conscious of Shirone’s gaze, Amy told the whole story as if walking on thin ice.
“Hoo.”
After hearing the explanation, I understood why Nane backed down on her own when confronting Shirone.
“Still, it’s great.”
said Tess.
“It was a battle for the whole world, right? Still choosing Amy.”
Amy objected.
“Because it’s not like that! It was a philosophical problem, so I… …
“are you okay.”
Shirone laughed and said.
“Everyone has a heart. And as long as there is a heart, nothing is absolute. Amy’s mind can also change at any time.”
“That’s true, but I don’t mean to!”
“Yes, I believe. What I want to say is, it’s all the work of the mind. If I had chosen the world over Amy… …
Recalling the confrontation, Shirone confessed honestly.
“Maybe it was me who was broken into fragments.”
It was a situation that no one could guarantee, and Miro looked at the sky with a serious face.
“I’ll be watching from somewhere. To determine if one’s heart is precious enough to be exchanged for the whole world.”
“yes. It won’t take long. The nane I bumped into has almost reached it. Maybe even right now, I can come back as a Buddha.”
If only one mind is clear.
“That’s why simultaneous events are needed. If we don’t unite the hearts of mankind as soon as possible, then we won’t really be able to defeat Nane.”
Garcia said.
“Do you really think it is possible?” “All human beings are different, and the criteria for defining one are also different. To be honest, even I am not sure if I can belong to that integrated mental system.”
Of course, he had a strong sense of duty to mankind, but his generosity was not wide enough to accept all humans.
“I know it’s hard work. But if it wasn’t possible, I wouldn’t be so troubled.”
Dante asked.
“Then is there a way?”
“No, I can’t guarantee anything. The reason we are here is because all the factors of good and evil worked. Even evil affects the world on one axis. If demons had not spread, could the World Alliance have been created in human history?”
“Hmm.”
Garcia decided it made sense.
“It means that times are changing rapidly.”
“yes. The wheel of good and evil is speeding toward the end of the world. You can predict the law, but you cannot analyze the workings of the heart in it. We just do what we can and accept the consequences.”
Armin asked.
“What can we do? No matter what choice you make, if you can’t get results.”
There is one thing I realized after missing Havitz.
Life is such a complex ensemble of factors that nothing goes the way you think.
“I only ask for one thing.” Shirone showed the way.
“Do what your heart tells you to do. What you really want to do, just do it.”
Above the atmosphere surrounded by endless darkness, Nane sat cross-legged and looked down at the planet.
‘I couldn’t beat Shirone.’
Because philanthropy was stronger.
‘But do you know, Messiah of the age? The reason why Buddha’s gong did not exceed Ai…
Maybe it’s because the evil in the world hasn’t been fully born.
‘Of course it is the power of good.’
The labyrinth keeps evil at bay.
‘But until when? If the world becomes more turbid than it is now, even the Buddha will erase his mind.’
Nane’s eyes were filled with sadness as she watched the planet.
‘Personal love that permeates into the world, you will be watching from here. indeed… …
whether we deserve to exist.
Allied officers followed Shirone’s words.
‘What I really want to do.’
You can go see your family, or if you are afraid of dying, you can give up the war.
Shirone said that looking into one’s own mind is the beginning of the Ultima System.
And everyone’s will, which was formed like that, would permeate philanthropy and turn love for good and evil.
“Then, let’s go.” Surprisingly, many of those who gathered under one banner left the battlefield.
Miro said bitterly.
“Human beings are certainly diverse.”
“Ultima is a high-level spirit that recognizes all personalities. That’s right, integration comes next. A person who does not know his own mind cannot understand the minds of others.”
After answering that, Shirone asked.
“Will Mr. Miro stay?”
“Of course you should stay. After all, this is the center of the battlefield. So where are the people left here… …
Of course, Rian, Nade, Amy, and Tess remained where Shirone was, and among the 12 apostles, the Super Dragon Aitra and the Thunder Dragon Blitz kept their positions.
Armin and Kuan left, and Sein assisted Miro.
‘Dante, Lilia, and Eden decided to pursue the remnants of the demons, while Garcia and the allied forces are repairing Basuka’s walls.’
And the best part is.
“Shirone, you are everywhere.”
“yes. It depends on how far the observer’s area is set, but I think the area around Basuka will be covered as a spirit zone without quantum transmission.”
“Hmm, that’s right. Moving through space would be easy. The Ultima system is definitely effective.”
“Hehe, then can’t I just give you one Shirone?”
When everyone turned to Tess with puzzled expressions, she continued with a bewildered expression.
“Why, why? That’s funny! Imagine.” The longer the silence, the more anxious it became.
“No, not that kind of imagination! Are you really kidding me? Really!”
It was a joke that could have been made because he was an honest Tess, but being too honest was a problem.
Shirone liked Tess like that.
“Ha ha, yes. I will trust you.”
I finally felt that I had returned to my friends.
“Eruki soon… …
Shirone’s face suddenly hardened.
“What’s wrong, Shirone?”
“… … No, no.”
Shirone regained his smile, but unlike a moment ago, his eyes were calm.
Miro guessed.
‘It’s not the case here’
Perhaps, in a very distant place, a sad situation befell Shirone.
“Big!”
Numerous angels gnashed their teeth against the invincible inertia.
Shirone’s heart in Hand of God was ‘Please fly away.’
Judging from that psychology, the strongest of the Heaven’s army must have been the most powerfully affected by the power of the Hand of God.
‘It’s formidable power.’
Ikael, who passed through the central continent and entered the northern continent before he knew it, looked at the fast-flowing sky.
Shirone, Hexa, Hand of God. Guffin. Ankera’s demise. The position of archangel.
“Chief Angel.”
The three Archangels and Maras, freed from the power of Hexa, gathered around Ikael.
“okay. Report.”
“The army seems Ashur is reconvening. However, Ymir and the giants seem to act independently.”
Uriel asked.
“Should I stop it?”
“No, leave it alone. I will take care of it myself.”
Satiel stepped out.
“Archangel, there is something I want to ask you. Why didn’t you come forward?”
When Ymir first arrived at Baska and opened the door to attack, Ikael did not give an order to attack.
“Have you recovered your memory?”
As Ikael fell silent, Satiel’s question became a little more deadly.
“I still have some feelings. If the job of the archangel… …
As Ikael stopped abruptly with a gong sound, the distant archangels hurriedly returned.
“Sathiel.”
At the cold voice, Satiel’s asteroid shook.
“Yes, Mr. Ikael!”
“Whatever I decide, it is President Cheon’s reason. Are you above me?”
“no. sorry.”
Since the archangel was cold enough to freeze, there won’t be anything to raise this agenda for the time being.
But unfortunately.
“Ichael.”
A smoke of light gathered in front of the angels’ eyes, and Shirone appeared.
“you… …
Satiel’s judicial halo nostalgia spun horribly.
unknown anger.
And the astral body of Ikael, who is still unmoving.
‘what? What on earth do I not know?’
“Shirone.”
Ikael moved slowly.
“Are you here alone?”
“yes. We probably have something to talk about.”
Ikael’s gaze moved as if looking at the rear.
” I am??????
With everyone’s ears open, a cold voice was heard.
“I don’t think I have anything to say to you.”
A sad expression appeared on Shirone’s face.
‘Ikael… …
Many things happened.
Ataraxia was taught in the first heaven, and in the second battle, she even stopped him.
Why is it so cold… … .
‘really… … You’ve got all your memories back.’
Because you are a mother.
There are no more emotions that used to carefully clash hearts with vague expectations.
All that remains is the terrible tragedy clearly imprinted on the celestial bodies, and the gazes of the angels who still doubt themselves.
‘It might be motherhood… …
Despite knowing it, Shirone wanted to speak confidently.
“Ikael, I am not weak anymore. So there is no need to be afraid of anything.”
Ikael’s gaze was clear, but he felt something snap and snap.
It is probably the limit that can be endured.
“I don’t know what you are talking about. As the archangel… …
“It’s not your fault.”
Eventually, Ikael’s starlight, which had become unbearable, shook with tremendous intensity.
“I died… …
Shirone conveyed it to her with all his heart.
“It’s not your mother’s fault.”

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 966 - Simultaneous Incident(2).txt
===============================
Simultaneous Incident (2)
Ikael clenched his fists.
Rather than feeling combative, it seemed as if he was desperately holding on to something.
Eventually, an unbearable cry leaked out.
“Huh.”
It will be like a miracle.
A dead child coming back to life and telling her it wasn’t the mother’s fault.
“Ikael.”
Satiel asked coldly.
“What happened? If it is true that the memory was recovered, an explanation for it… …
Uriel stopped talking.
“wait.”
Satiel glared at him with fearful eyes.
“What are you? Did you just tell me’?”
“Whatever memories are lost, they are in the past. Ikael-sama hasn’t chosen anything yet.”
“gibberish.”
Satiel snorted.
“Is it in the past? Ikael cheated on us. He knew everything and pretended not to know.”
“Hey you.”
Shirone said with anger.
“Quiet. I am talking right now.”
It was anger with a reason, but Satiel, who was in the position of being victimized, was absurd.
“Are humans trying to be equal to archangels? Would you like me to kill you right now?”
Ikael said.
“Satiel, Uriel is right. I will judge and I will decide.”
“Big!”
Satiel felt a great sense of contempt rising from the depths of his mind. Guffin and Ikael, Shirone and Ikael. The relation of the latter, the lost former
It is all about endlessly stimulating memories.
‘hate. I hate you so much.’
It seemed more crazy because it wasn’t clear, and finally, Satiel’s reason evaporated.
“shut up.”
Ikael’s eyes twitched.
Swearing at the archangel was one of the few incidents in the history of heaven.
Uriel looked back, but Satiel’s face was already distorted like a monster.
“why? What are you guys?”
It seemed out of context, but Shirone and Ikael understood it correctly.
“How the hell are you guys doing this to me because you’re so handsome?”
The innocence disappeared from the starlight body, and tears of blood instead of light flowed from the eyes.
Three-headed Mara Ionas said.
“Satiel, fix it. You should be reminded of the mechanism of the fallen angels.”
Can angels fall?
Perhaps, if possible, it was when the mind dwelled in the pure mental body.
heart that hurts.
And the heart that torments oneself only comes out when one is prepared.
“What are you ignoring me for?”
Satiel didn’t stop.
Every time Shirone and Ikael agreed, it felt as though their minds would be torn apart.
‘Yes, now I know what it is.’
It’s a vague feeling.
“I was always a bridesmaid! You guys ruined me! Because of you guys!”
This time, Shirone also kept her mouth shut. Because she knew how much she cared for her humans until Guffin and Ikael gave birth to their children.
‘Poor angel.’
But also know.
That she had put an unnamed baby to a terrible death.
‘He killed me.’
Satiel shouted.
“say! what did i do wrong you know! Did you even try to crush the archangel’s authority? or not… …
The words suddenly stopped.
” ah.”
From the fragmented memories, numerous images emerged as if being sucked into a magnet.
Ankera, confidential conversations, death of a child.
‘no.’
My fingertips trembled, and my mind became so hot that my whole body was on fire.
“It can’t be.”
I try to look away, but delusion is impossible in the mind of an angel who is a categorical being.
“This is the reason… … there must have been yes?”
Ikael didn’t answer, and the longer her silence went, the more Satiel went mad.
“no! It’s because you’re bad! Yeah, that’s how it feels. It’s all what you did!”
Ionas shouted.
“Fix it! When the mental body collapses… … !”
“Ah ah ah ah ah!”
Nervously clutching her head, Satiel’s planetary body lost its circular shape.
“Kill!”
Blood-soaked eyes aimed at Shirone.
“I mean kill!”
As soon as the order was given, Ionas, who had disappeared, appeared in front of Shirone.
Extreme Decomposition – Atomic Movement.
“Don’t be resentful.”
The arm of Ionas, who had raised his right fist, disintegrated in atomic units and was fired at the fastest speed in the physical world.
Enemy Zero.
A military term meaning a zone of absolute safety.
It was also a state temporarily created by Shirone’s Hand of God inside Basuka.
“Win! We won!”
It is unknown where the information leaked out, but citizens came out to the streets and cheered.
The demons had been annihilated, and the giants, who were shocked by their size, had also disappeared.
“Long live Tormia! Long live Tormia!”
They were curious about the agape light exploding in the sky, but no one spoke first.
For now, all they could do was scream and run away from the unpleasant truth that the war wasn’t over yet.
“All citizens of Tormia, listen!” A carriage carrying a tall podium crossed the boulevard and stopped in the center of the plaza.
An old man, 17th in the royal family line, stood on the podium holding a loudspeaker.
The citizens did not know him, but they knelt down after seeing the royal clothes embroidered with the symbol of Tormia.
The plaza became quiet, and the stillness spread like a ripple and eventually engulfed every block.
“Dear citizens of Tormia, today the great king of a great country, Adolf XII, passed away.”
Citizens’ eyes were stained with shock.
“Oh, this can’t be…
The old man who sucked their gaze for a moment
opened this mouth
“Remember this only, people. In the face of the menace that invaded Basuka, our royal family did not back down an inch.”
In fact, it was because there was no information about the elemental bomb, and the old man secretly gnashed his teeth.
‘How dare you pass the royalty? Just try to catch whoever is behind it. I won’t let you go.’
He still couldn’t figure out what was going on, but his first priority was to restore the royal authority.
“Adolf XII fought the giants to the end and died bravely.
did.”
“Ah, Your Highness.”
One of the weeping citizens stood up.
“Then, isn’t it possible that the light that defeated the demons was the light that the king gave upon his passing away?”
One of the old man’s eyes was twisted.
‘What nonsense? annoying.’
But no matter how reasonable a person may be, he will find God where his life comes and goes.
“I think so too.” The atmosphere became somber.
“Even at the moment when he died fighting the giant, the king was only concerned about the people. And also, that is the royalty of Tormia.”
“Whoaaaa!”
As the citizens cheered, the old man drove the momentum and shouted loudly.
“The lineage of a great king will never be cut off! I am officially proclaiming, welcome Adolf XIII, the eldest son of Adolf XII, as the new king! let’s fight! We are Tormia! I will never run away!”
“Long live His Majesty King Adolf XIII! Long live Tormia!”
The voices of the citizens shouting hurrah did not stop, and they rode the waves to Allog Street.
Rufist, who was wrestling with documents in the Magic Association’s president’s office, frowned.
“I’m going to die loudly.”
The noise died down when Flew closed the window.
“The royal family moves fast. Actually, it’s just luck. In any case, I think there will be no problem with the succession to the throne.”
“Of course there should be no problem. These guys only know how to eat and do that.”
Someone knocked hard on the door from outside.
“President of the Association! Lupist! are you now? Wait a minute and talk to me! It’s urgent!”
It was the voice of the 7th rank in the direct line of the royal family, and I could roughly guess the reason for visiting this place.
The voice got louder.
“Open the door! did you know The fact that Baschka is going to be a mess sooner or later! How dare you deceive the royal family?”
Flew, who had her hands behind her back, asked, pointing to the door.
“What should I do?”
“Take it away. I don’t have time to wrestle with politicians.”
It was urgent to quickly check the damage situation and reorganize the city’s troops.
Flew opened the door halfway and said.
“sorry. The president of the association is busy with public affairs right now, so I’ll see you later.”
“What is it? Yes, you are the chief secretary. do you know who i am I am the direct line of the royal family… … evil!”
The chief of security came over and twisted the royal arm.
“I will be rude for a moment. Please understand that this is a special case of a wartime situation.”
“it hurts! sick! Ahhh!”
As Fleur watched with a sigh, Shirone walked from the end of the hallway.
“Let go! Okay, so please let go! it hurts!”
Shirone dragged herself along the floor and turned her head to follow the royals passing by.
When I turned my head again, I was already in front of the president’s office.
“Sister, who is that person?”
Flew opened the door wide and smiled.
“A person of no importance. come in.”
As Shirone moved to the president’s office, Lufist stood up and asked.
“Quantum transfer?”
“Space travel. Being too close is uncomfortable. I’m used to Baska anyway.”
Landmarks also varied.
“You said you were looking for me?”
“okay. As you may have seen on the way, the royal family has started their activities. I’m going to try to steal all the credit for this war for a stable succession. Your achievements too.”
“are you okay. I don’t care.”
“Of course it is. However, it is unknown whether the current royal family will properly lead the wartime situation.”
It was quite provocative to come out of the association president’s mouth, so Shirone blinked.
Lufist revealed his true feelings.
“We want to push the pony.”
“Hmm.”
Shirone neither affirmed nor denied, but seemed to be thinking carefully.
“Is there any particular reason?”
“She’s one of the few who figured out the atomic bomb project on her own. She thought she would use this opportunity to stage a coup, but it seems she didn’t.”
Shirone laughed.
“Because he is a wizard.”
“yes. that’s what we need I mean the Ultima System Project. If Pony becomes the king of Tormia, it will be of great help to the unification of mankind.”
It was a truth that could not be disputed.
“Then, how is the current king? Are you lacking in qualifications when you look at it?”
“You deserve it.”
Rufist looked out the window.
“The former King Adolf XII was not a good man. But he was a pragmatic person. Even that lunatic Gaold was accepted as the president of the association.”
That explained everything.
“I had three sons. They all have different personalities, but they are far from practical anyway. That means it’s far from war. It’s foolish to expect character from human beings, but it’s a problem when behavior is revealed on the surface. There could be a commotion.”
Shirone also knew everything about the history before she was born.
‘I’ll have to see for myself though. His personality may have changed as he got older.’
Having made up her mind, Shirone nodded.
“Then I will go.”
“Remember. Concepts like Annie Park and Messiah do not work for them. To catch it early… …
Shirone tapped the inside pocket.
“Yes, I will use this.”
Because no royal family can ignore the Five Stars of the Ivory Tower Integrated Space Management Department.

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 967 - Simultaneous Incident(3).txt
===============================
simultaneous events (3)
Adolf XIII and the royal family got out of the underground bunker.
The royal family, whose ceiling had collapsed, was deeply displeased, but there was no time for grumbling.
“What happened? A battle that the king did not know was taking place in the capital. Please call the people involved in this matter right now.”
“However, the priority is to deal with the current situation… …
“Uncle.” Anger flashed in Adolf XIII’s eyes.
“Yes, Your Highness.”
“I am the king. No matter how much wartime, what use is the state if the royal authority is not restored?”
It wasn’t that he was ignorant of the nervousness of the newly crowned king, but that was why it was difficult.
‘Everyone refused.’
The fact that he did not respond to the call even though he sent a high rank was proof that he did not trust Adolf XIII.
said Robbins, younger brother of Adolf XIII, the first in line.
“Your Highness, the people already think of you as a great king. The people follow, the politicians follow, and in the end, the working-level officials of each institution give up.”
“Hmm.”
Anyway, that was a good thing to hear.
“It is also a great opportunity that the army of the temple is stationed in Baska. If we make Tormia the center of the world war, we will be able to receive huge amounts of support from other countries.”
The royals agreed.
“you’re right. In particular, the Southern Continent must be heavily charged. Aren’t we playing the role of a shield?”
Adolf XIII nodded.
“I am of the same opinion. Come to think of it… … They say that an ivory tower person is here.”
“This is Oh Dae-seong and Arian Shirone from the Unified Space Management Department. He is from his own country and is responsible for the fraternity of the times and the great axis of the world war.”
“Heh, what is philanthropy?”
Adolf XIII did not believe in what he could not see.
“Anyway, please treat me with utmost respect. Any amount of money is fine.”
In any case, if it was recognized by the ivory tower, it could be covered by subsidies from other countries.
“All right. But before that, there is one thing that needs to be addressed.”
“solve?”
Robbins narrowed his eyes and said.
“I am Pony, 127th in the direct line.”
“Kuhm.”
The face of Adolf XIII was also wrath.
“Oh Dae-seong and Pony, who are currently here, studied together at magic school. If she captures Shirone first… …
cried the royals, who had terrifying imaginations.
“You must kill! Haven’t you seen it before? The magic was cast without hesitation. Yielding the kingship must have been in order to live immediately. Now that the city is stable, it will definitely play tricks.”
Adolf XIII rested his chin.
“Is there anything I can do about it? It’s difficult to recruit 1-star residents of the Ivory Tower, let alone Odaeseong.”
“I don’t know, even the beauty world will use it.” It was a statement that diminished the authority of the royal family, but it was a different story when the target was a pony.
“Haven’t you had a clue before? She is a woman who went to the world beauty contest to enter the direct line of royalty. This is something she does, knowing that she looks great. She said, “This time, too, she will do whatever it takes.”
Finally, the possibility of overthrowing the kingship became realistic.
“… … can you do it The Magic Society won’t help us, and military command has now passed to the Crusade. If we don’t kill it for sure, we’ll be killed.”
Robbins said.
“I have a solution. It’s about using criminals.”
“It is a prison. But isn’t the concentration camp for class A or higher criminals also managed by the Magic Association?”
“There is a suitable person in the western prison, Inferno.”
I didn’t know that the card I prepared for would be used like this, because someday I might have to kill my father or older brother.
The royal family asked curiously.
“Inferno? No matter how heinous there is, it must be a B-class, right?”
“It is, but… …
Needless to say, I am not imprisoned for committing a crime.
“I can guarantee your skills. He is the son of the world’s greatest hit man, Gunzo Bedium. She also came from the same magic school as Shirone and Pony.”
“If it’s Gunzo Bedium, then the Black Line?” For royalty, it was a name that made their teeth tremble just by hearing it.
‘The son of such a man is imprisoned in Inferno? No, before that, how did Robbins… …
The faces of the royals turned pale for a moment, but soon regained their composure.
‘Well, it’s only natural.’
Anyone in the 10th place in the direct lineage had a chance to become king, and he had one card in his own way.
‘Let’s not complain. For now, it’s first to get rid of the pony.’
No risk was comparable to the crisis that she might enslave Shirone.
Adolf XIII’s expression did not change.
As you know, of course, he was a king.
“good night. Robbins, don’t leave the pony gun up to you. However, it is something that must be dealt with with certainty.”
“yes. Don’t worry, Your Highness.”
Just as Robbins lowered his head, he heard a noise outside the door.
“The Great Star of the Ivory Tower is asking for an audience.”
It was an urgent voice, and the royals were babbling.
‘Is it too fast?’
It was a good opportunity from Tormia’s point of view, but accidents always followed behind good things.
“Serve me.”
As soon as the instructions were given, Robbins exited through the back door and the front door opened.
Adolf XIII personally rose to greet Shirone.
“welcome. The newly appointed king sees the stars of the Ivory Tower.”
Feeling sincere in his actions and tone meant that he was desperate.
“yes. This is Shirone, the Five Great Stars of the Ivory Tower.”
“Sorry for being shabby. As you can see, after a great uproar, there was no panic.”
‘It’s a commotion.’
You probably don’t know how many people have died, but Shirone sat down at the table without expressing himself.
The ladies-in-waiting brought out a high-quality tea that was hurriedly airlifted.
“It is necessary to throw a banquet, but there is no time to prepare… …
“That’s all right.”
I didn’t want to waste time.
“The reason I came is to hear the vision from the new king of Tormia. Because humanity is in a precarious situation right now.”
“of course.”
As if something had come, Adolf XIII immediately corrected his posture.
“The Kingdom of Tormia won an unprecedented victory in the World War today. They annihilated the demons and drove out the giants. This is the result of the people of Tormia and the temple working together.”
Shirone passed for once.
“We will announce this historic moment to the world. With Tormia as the focal point, mankind will be revived again. Star of the Ivory Tower, entrust that role to me.”
‘Adolph the thirteenth.’ His real name is Adolph Thénar, and he is 44 years old.
Shirone knows his whereabouts until the age of 22 through Omega.
‘I’ve been ambitious since I was young, and my average problem-solving method is swift, stealthy, and brutal.’
Adolf XIII hinted.
“Tormia will do everything she can, that is, with all her heart and soul, to help the five great castles.” This could be said to be blatant, but Shirone recalled what Guffin had said.
-Listen to everyone’s story.
“Once I get it.”
Adolf XIII swept his chest.
‘what? I heard that the people in the ivory tower are eccentrics, but aren’t they rather hogu?’
He said, hiding his heart.
“If you need anything, just tell me. Whatever it is, it doesn’t matter.”
“no. I’ve heard the vision, so I’ll go. But where is the pony? It doesn’t look like it’s here.”
The expressions of the royals hardened slightly, and Shirone did not miss the momentary change.
“Can I call you? I have something to tell you personally.”
“Of course you have to. Ponies are truly brave royalty. You’re probably going out and doing your own work. Oh Dae-sung as soon as he returns… … Ugh!”
The moment I looked at Shirone’s face, electricity ran down my spine.
The feeling of being penetrated by the gaze.
‘What is it all of a sudden?’
Regardless of the political world or the social world, the poker face was good, but it was the first time I felt like I was being observed to this extent.
Shirone asked.
“What are you hiding?” Adolf XIII with a perfect smile opened his mouth.
“Hiding it. How could I lie to the stars of the ivory tower?”
Shirone smiled and said.
“I still haven’t fixed it, that habit.”
“yes?”
“When you lie, you put on your signature smile.”
“It is absurd. A smile is what you always do.”
“But in certain situations, I close my eyes once and then open them. Because of the memories imprinted in childhood. Haven’t you ever been beaten hard by your predecessor for telling a lie?”
Amidst the silence in the hall, Adolf 13 years old’s throat was swallowed.
‘How do you know that?’
It is a fact that no one knows except for his father and himself.
‘No, even if my father is alive, will he still remember me?’
It wasn’t such a big deal that even he himself would forget about it, but how could Shirone know?
“I know you went through a lot of training to have that perfect smile. But there’s just one thing she hasn’t practiced. but… …
Shirone pointed at him.
“How many people can feed the prince of Tormia with honey chestnuts?”
The fist of Adolf XIII on his lap trembled.
‘Is Oh Dae-sung of the Integrated Space Management Department a ghost?’
It is not insight or analysis.
‘It’s such a small thing. Even a spirit-type mage will have to wander in my depths for a month to find it.’
It was as if my soul had been stripped naked.
“I will give you one last chance. What are you hiding?”
Adolf bet the game.
“haha. I don’t know what you mean.”
Adolf 13-year-old, who was smiling and sweating, closed his eyes again.
Baska West Prison, Inferno.
Arriving after receiving an urgent telegram, Pony handed the document with the seal of royalty to the manager.
“This way.”
There is no nation under heaven that a king cannot rule, and the king of every country has the power to draw up indulgences.
‘I took on an unpleasant task.’
preparing to leave Baska
An urgent call came from Pony.
The content was to release the criminals from Inferno because they needed to recruit manpower necessary for the restoration of the country.
I was aware of the lack of manpower, so I obediently complied, but I felt skeptical as much as I was disappointed in the power.
“You can go here.”
The darkest underground facility in Building E, the deepest part of Inferno, welcomed her.
It was a place where special criminals were imprisoned, and all of them were vicious people.
‘What talent are you looking for in a place like this?’ Promising that she would return to Al Peas Magic School without any regrets if she took care of this, she walked down the long hallway. A woman’s moans could be heard from the farthest room.
I knew that it was impossible to sleep together, but the man’s breath leaked through the soft woman’s voice.
‘What kind of child is he?’
It is a self-evident fact that he is a prisoner who receives special treatment because he is said to be a talented person.
But her voice, already disgusted, was cold.
“Prisoner number 3824. Assigned to special probation. come out.”
The moaning stopped.
‘Special protection?’
It is one of the five keywords promised by Prince Robbins, and its meaning is… … . Kill the one who came to you.
‘It’s about time.’
The guard’s voice came from the ceiling.
“For 30 seconds, I will release the magic control device in Building E. Those who behave suspiciously while the siren is sounding will be immediately punished according to the king’s order.”
Immediately I heard a siren and felt the power control device go off.
“Brother, who are you outside?”
Pony couldn’t stand it anymore at the tender voice heard in the prison camp.
“Come out, son of a bitch.”
The moment you turn the key given to you by the jailer and open the door.
“Ouch!”
A hand flew out of the darkness and grabbed Pony’s neck.
bang! Pony couldn’t resist until she crashed into the camp wall with a noise.
“Kuh! this child… … !”
The moment he tried to cast the magic, his whole body was filled with electricity.
“Huh uh uh uh!”
“Shh.”
A familiar man with scattered hair brought his face closer and put his index finger to his lips.
Pony’s eyes widened.
“you?”
Electric Monster Licorn.
“what?”
Lichen also raised the corner of his drunken mouth as if he was interested.
“Pony? A long time?”
“You, you son of a bitch! Let go of this!”
The woman waved a lichen without hiding her naked body.
“brother! what is this bitch Could it be that you called another woman besides me? When only I… … omg!”
At the same time as the lichen swung her hand, the woman’s face exploded with a pop.
‘A tremendous electric shock.’
“Well, you were royalty too. What a pity. Be proud of yourself though. It’s proof that you’ve grown to the point of becoming a threat.”
Lichen laughed, exposing rotten teeth.
“die.”
As electricity entangled in the hand that was strangling his neck, Pony’s eyes widened.
‘Is that??????
Behind the lichen, the figure of someone familiar was shining in golden light.
‘Shirone?’

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 968 - Simultaneous Incident(4).txt
===============================
simultaneous events (4)
Ionas’s fist, which had been disintegrated into particles, rapidly took shape right in front of Shirone’s nose.
“Kuk!”
When Shirone turned his head, the air was pushed back and a sonic boom exploded in the air.
“Still, you have talent.”
Shirone looked at Ionas.
‘Ionas of extreme decomposition.’
With her pale face and silver hair down to her shoulders, she resembled a human as a whole.
However, the pupilless eyes and double dentition would be terrifying to the average person.
‘Atomic Movement. This is really tricky.’
The ability to decompose one’s own body to the limit and make full use of movements at the atomic level.
The attack derived from it runs at the pinnacle of change that transcends the herbivore of the ever-changing manga.
‘It’s not just fast.’ The reason why you can’t avoid an arrow even if you see it with your eyes is because the reception time of each sense is different.
She could perceive it with her 11 senses, but avoiding the attack was entirely her own ability.
“Shall we start in earnest?”
Ionas, whose body had been disintegrated into atoms, launched an attack from an unpredictable trajectory.
‘Miracle Stream!’
As the smoke of light wrapped around Shirone’s body, a black hole opened as if it had been hit by a shotgun.
pop! pop! pop! pop!
The light spread in fragments, but before I knew it, Shirone had retreated 20 kilometers away.
“Yes, I will run away after all.”
Ionas, who had moved into a particle state, rotated around Shirone with only his face attached.
“I always wondered.”
The motion of approximately 1 kyeong of particles was integrally detected through Ultima.
“I’m so strong, why don’t I feel like I’m the strongest’?”
Shirone discovered a herbivore in the moving pattern of the first sceneries.
‘Left punch.’
The government, which can be called birth, passed by Shirone.
‘It was a hair’s breadth.’
Shirone opened the distance again and fired about 4,200 photon cannons.
“Is this all?”
Ionas’ arm moved at an invisible speed and deflected the photon cannon.
Uriel, who was watching the battle from 20 kilometers away, said.
“He was a strong boy.”
No matter what the standard of strength is, I remember that he was a person who made me think that way.
“And now I’m actually stronger.” Mental capacities are infinite, but humans have physical limitations.
Sensing and avoiding Ionas of extreme decomposition itself was close to a miracle.
“But I guess that’s all there is to it after all.”
Rayel silently agreed.
‘Actually, Uriel’s words are contradictory. Because strong things don’t need anything other than strength.’
The reason why I couldn’t deny it, though, is probably because of the question that popped into my head at some point.
‘Why can’t I, or we, feel that we are the strongest?’ Only Ikael knew the answer.
‘Maclein Guffin.’
All the strongest people in heaven have in common the experience of failing to beat the Guffin.
When the Guffin erasure occurred in such a situation, a transcendental concept that could not be explained in words was created.
‘Even if it’s erased from memory, we’ve already experienced more strength than that… …
Not reaching the feeling of being the best.
‘Shirone.’
Ikael’s eyes were filled with sadness as he looked down at his son who was fighting fiercely.
‘i love you.’
more important than anything in the universe.
‘I don’t deserve to be called a parent, but I can’t lose you again.’
I will never gamble on my children again.
‘Please step back now. Go back and live a happy life. This mother will take care of the affairs of the world no matter what.’
Every time Shirone narrowly avoided Ionas’s attack, Ikael’s heart felt like it would break.
‘I can’t beat Ionas at this level. But it’s not because I lack skills.’
Something beyond strength.
‘only… … It’s because he’s not a guffin.’
Even if the state of mind was equal, Shirone’s body was much weaker than Gaia’s.
‘The strength of a giant, the spirit that transcends the concept of an angel, and the unity of numerous Gaians.’
Because they were a race equipped with all of these things, the world of gods was shaken from the root.
“Ikael, I will give you one last chance.”
satiel said.
“Speak up about the Guffin erasure, and admit your mistakes. Then I will acknowledge your authority.”
Ikael clenched his fists tightly.
‘You mustn’t act on your feelings.’
The position of archangel was absolutely necessary to protect Shirone from all the heavenly armies.
“You know? Ionas is a member of my family, but he surpasses me in terms of combat power. If you follow me, I won’t act dogmatically either. In other words, if you tell me to leave Shirone alone, I will obey.” It was a sweet offer.
If only he could bear the humiliation of having to bow his head to the man who killed his son.
‘doesn’t care.’
Ekael’s eyes lit up.
‘Because I came back alive. If I can protect Shirone, I will prostrate at anyone’s feet.’
In the sight of looking down, Ionas’s fist hit Shirone’s stomach squarely.
“Keugh!”
Even though the kinetic energy was reduced by more than 99.99%, it was a piercing pain in the body.
“I think it’s great.”
Ionas walked through the air as if taking a walk.
“It is a human being who dies just by brushing against it. I’ll applaud you for enduring this far with a body like that.”
Shirone was not happy.
“You are strong. He will be a strong man who can fit within ten fingers in heaven. Therefore, if the only loser is me.”
Ionas raised his fist in front of his eyes.
“It means that you will fight with me, who is one of the top five strong in heaven.”
“haha.”
Even in the midst of pain, laughter broke out.
“… … What’s funny?”
Having experienced all of Omega’s history, Shirone knew the position of Ionas in heaven.
“Honestly, isn’t it dangerous?” Ionas’ eyebrows twitched.
“Ymir and Ashur are at odds, and Yuriel and Ikael are below them.”
flaw……?
Shirone pointed at Ionas.
“I’ll admit, though, that there are times when I go in. sometimes.”
A mere human cannot understand the age-old controversy of heaven, but it was not wrong anyway.
“It’s a joke. Forget it.”
Shirone recovered from the shock.
“It doesn’t make any sense anyway, does it? Because you will never be the strongest.”
“Now I get it..”
In an instant, Ionas flew over Shirone’s head and swung his leg.
With a whimper, the air parted and the sea 600 meters below parted in a huge width.
‘Suddenly?’
It was out of land.
Ionas, who was looking at the surface of the water where his wounds healed in an instant, raised his head.
“You are a typical loser with the mentality. If you crush me with the strongest in front, the bottom you’re standing on might feel a little shallow, but I’ll tell you exactly. You and I are on different levels.”
“I don’t know what the level is. Who is stronger has nothing to do with me. because… …
When Shirone opened her eyes, the Miracle Stream was strongly compressed in both hands.
“I have to win unconditionally.” A flash of light pierced the sky, and the Hand of God came down and bent a finger at Ionas.
A form of aggressive use of the Ultima system.
‘I was hit by that.’
It was such a powerful mental ability that it scattered the entire army of Heaven all over the world.
“How dare you relax against me?” Ionas’s double teeth were terrifyingly exposed.
“I can’t afford it. It’s a responsibility.”
Shirone looked at the sea.
It was the middle of the ocean that moved 800 kilometers west of the Jive Kingdom.
‘I can fight here.’ Of course, there is life here too, but it was strategically important to save humans.
The triangular pyramid of Ionas burned red.
“It is over.”
Extreme Decomposition – Atomic Crash.
Particles compressed into fist-sized spheres spread out in all directions with an explosive glow.
‘I increased the activity of the particles.’
This Onas, who moved to a different dimension of energy, aimed at Shirone’s back and raised the capital.
‘A human anyway.’
If you take out your heart, you cannot live.
‘ huh?’
The Hand of God, drawing a circle with the thumb and middle finger, was completely in front of me before I knew it.
‘damn!’
The remaining distance to Shirone’s back was 0.03 millimeters.
‘late.’
Ionas’s arms disintegrated into particles, and before they knew it, they crossed themselves in a position to block their faces.
At the same time, the Hand of God snapped his fingers.
“Ouch!”
As the shock wave hit all the particles of 1 view, Ionas’s body was plunged into the sea.
Whoops!
Water splashed, and a rough column of water rose from the bubbling surface.
“Kuaaaaa!”
Having broken the sperm whale’s backbone, he climbed up and glared up at the sky with his watery eyes.
“Like an insignificant human… … !”
Ionas, who had stopped talking, saw Shirone raising her hand.
However, the reason why I was speechless was the Hand of God, which was above Shirone.
‘Don’t worry, Ikael.’
As if to project Shirone’s heart, the Hand of God stretched out his five fingers toward the sky.
‘Because they’re definitely connected.’
At the same time, a sphere of light of unpredictable size was born on top of the huge palm.
Ionas, as well as the archangels who were observing from a distance, were at a loss for words.
Shirone looked down at the sea and said.
“Feel it too.”
Hand of God – Photon Cannon.
“This is my responsibility.”
As I swung my arm with all my might, the Hand of God slammed the Photon Cannon straight down.
The moment an astronomical mass hits the sea.
“Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa… …
Ionas’s scream was severed, and the sea evaporated as it exploded in the form of a crown.
Because the scale was so large, the whole process was clear as if time flowed slowly.
Kurleung! Kurleung!
With the steam completely obscuring the view, only a terrifying roar could be heard.
As the Hand of God waved his hand, his vision opened to reveal a huge hole in the sea.
‘ does not exist.’
Ionas was nowhere to be seen.
After a while, the gravitational force pulled the sea water, and a spectacular view of the sea currents being entangled unfolded.
At that point, Satiel cut off the lookout.
“… … disappeared.”
Uriel, Rayel, and Mara with transcendent eyesight were silent for a while.
The power of the Hand of God reminded them of a time they did not want to look back on.
‘Are you saying it’s not over yet?’ There was a certain connection, Shirone seemed to be saying.
Kurleung. Kurleung.
Like a video made for God’s amusement, the sea endlessly brought about amazing changes.
‘Two minutes passed. Is this enough?’ When it became clear that Ionas had disappeared, Shirone turned to the direction she had come from.
And he spoke in a friendly voice to the woman who was still watching him.
“Ichael.”
Although I can’t pick up my heart that was shattered after Guffin disappeared.
“I am not alone.”
I thought that if we can reminisce together, that would also be a beautiful life.
“therefore… …
With a beautiful smile shining in the sunlight, Shirone held out her hand to her from afar.
“Come with me, Mom.”

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 969 - Simultaneous Incident(5).txt
===============================
simultaneous events (5)
King Baska.
The Royal Knights squirmed as the royals clutched their heads in terror.
“It’s great…!”
Yahweh’s wrath.
The Miracle Stream of red light was staining the large room red like blood.
“It’s not what I did.”
Adolf XIII, who met Shirone’s eyes, lost strength in his legs and hit his butt.
Shirone’s face wasn’t distorted in the slightest, but it was like seeing a ghost.
“Then who did it?”
“This is my brother Robbins. Trust me. I didn’t know anything until my brother said it.”
Because of his experience of lying and being severely punished, Adolf XIII answered with only the truth.
“Your brother.”
As Shirone knew, Robbins was as cruel and cold as Tenar.
‘It’s rather worse. No matter what, you’re trying to kill a blood relative. And Gunzo Bedium.’
The fact that Lichen’s father is the strongest hit man in the black line has been known since school days.
However, Bedium, who was identified through Omega, was a person who far exceeded Shirone’s expectations.
‘The reputation as the strongest hit man is only a superficially known fact. He traveled all over the world and assassinated two kings alone. His chapter and deputy ministerial ranks amount to 47.’
Even these numbers are nothing more than the history he achieved before Shirone was born.
‘The reason the world hasn’t turned upside down is because the people behind it have never been revealed.’
It was at this point that the saying came to mind that the best assassins were the ones who weren’t famous.
“Where is the prince now?” If Robbins was connected to Bedium, he had to find him as soon as possible.
“I do not know. Really.”
This time, even Adolf XIII did not close his eyes, and Shirone attempted quantum transfer.
‘Failed.’
Quantum transmission has a powerful feature of simultaneous events, but it also has disadvantages.
‘If you know the coordinates of space and time, space movement can always succeed.’
Because the photon signal is cold.
‘But the mind is different. To exist simultaneously in different spaces, the mind of the observer must work. And the mind is unstable and uncertain.’
In order for quantum transfer to be successful, the mind that perceives Shirone must be 100%.
It is not a difficult condition.
If it’s a family, you can easily be sure of Shirone with less than 30% of the information.
‘But those who have a priori information like Robbins can’t materialize me.’
This was the reason why most of the 12 apostles were sent to strategic strategic points in advance.
The royals noticed.
‘What are you thinking?’
He couldn’t figure out why he was still there after hearing about the plan to assassinate Pony.
Shirone muttered with a pitiful look.
“… … stupid child.” Adolf XIII’s shoulders trembled, but Shirone’s eyes looked beyond the ceiling.
“Hoo-wook! Whoop!”
Suppressing the fear of death, the pony looked at the light shining over the lichen’s shoulder.
‘Shirone. Shirone… …
As electricity flowed through his neck, his nerves raced and his limbs fluttered at will.
“Where are you looking? It’s been a long time since I met an alumni, so shouldn’t I say goodbye before I die?”
Unlike the horse, Lichen’s eyes were observing Pony like a person seeing it for the first time.
“I thought she was a decent woman, but Lichen lifted Pony’s neck and pulled out a chain scythe.
“Well, that is life.”
Following the grinding sound of cold metal, the chain scythe plunged into Pony’s brain stem.
“Ouch!”
Right before he could feel the touch, a strong impact hit his back and the lichen flew into the wall.
“who is this?”
Crouching down like an animal, he drew a chain scythe and saw a familiar face in his eyes.
“Oh, sir… …
It was the second most hated face in the world, and the most if you add disgust to it.
“Pony, are you okay?”
Shirone turned away from Lichen’s gaze and approached Pony, raising her upper body.
“Uh, what happened?”
Although her body is still in shock, she regains her senses and puts on an expression of incomprehension.
“Let’s go out at once. Can you stand up?” Sparks exploded in front, and Lichen swung his arm behind Shirone.
Just before the chain scythe stabbed him in the neck, the Miracle Stream completely wrapped around his arm.
“Big!”
No matter how hard I tried, my muscles wouldn’t move, as if I’d forgotten how to apply strength.
Shirone stood up.
“Licorn.”
The lichen’s arm moved on its own and the blade hung deep around his neck.
“Kiyi! Kiyi!”
Lichen let out a snake’s scream and threatened, but Shirone’s expression did not change.
“A long time.”
The sound of the snake suddenly stopped.
“Still unlucky. Am I still wandering around with a nice disease?”
“okay. sorry.”
The days of arguing over whose philosophy is right have already passed, so I brought up the main topic.
“Your father, where is Bedium now?”
Lichen tried to destroy the Miracle Stream, but all efforts were futile.
‘Damn it. Did this happen?’
Even though he was trained by his father, the world’s strongest hit man, the difference in level was too great.
“This is the art of the mind. How much is my interaction with you. If your heart is stronger than now, you will be able to push the Miracle Stream and move.” I didn’t think it was possible.
“Kill.”
Shirone pondered over the true meaning of the words.
“Heuk, I know he’s the one who will save you if you ask him to help you. But I don’t want to, so kill me.”
“Why? Because of shame?”
“no. If I get my life saved by you, I will have to give up something I hate more than dying.”
Lichen tore his mouth.
“You want to know where Gunzo Bedium is? ok let me know That’s what you want.”
In an instant, Shirone’s eyes widened.
“stop!”
As the Miracle Stream broke, a chain scythe passed through, slashing the lichen halfway through its throat.
Blood splattered all over the place, and Pony looked at him with shocked eyes.
“you… …
The staggering lichen opened its bloody mouth.
“Quack. look. Did I win?”
He overcame Shirone’s feelings, but what he got in return was his own death.
“… … stupid child.”
Seeing the sadness in Shirone’s eyes, Lichen shook her head as if she was wrong.
“I am an assassin.”
The lifeless body collapsed with a thump.
Silence ensued, and Shirone, who was savoring Liken’s last words, nodded.
“Bedium will come.”
To get revenge on Shirone for killing her son.
“Even the strategy of breaking the Miracle Stream and using his own life to kill me. Yes, you are also an assassin.”
Although he is the world’s villain, in the end, he persevered through every moment of his life with his convictions and left.
“Evil is strong.”
So, more people needed help.
“Pony, it’s Prince Robbins who hired the assassin. But other royals are also accomplices.”
“I thought it would. I didn’t expect you to act so quickly.”
“Because I came. Because they keep you and me in check And I, Shirone, made a decision.
“I want you to lead Tormia. I need your help to fight evil in the future.”
“My help?”
Shirone explained the principle of quantum transmission and the Ultima System Project.
“Time is running out. If you have a good leader, you can shorten it even more. A leader who brings people together and keeps them focused on one goal.”
“I know what you mean.”
said Pony.
“But I don’t have the qualities of a king. You know, Shirone. A man who is ashamed of lying cannot lead everyone. I can only take responsibility for myself.”
“know. That’s why I came to you.”
A thought flashed through Pony’s mind as she blinked and thought.
“If I become king, I will deny the king.”
The reason why wizards are called children of intellect is that they criticize even the privileges given to them.
“that’s enough.”
Shirone smiled.
Citizens who were doing relief work in Baska’s downtown simultaneously pointed to the sky and shouted.
“wow! What is that?”
A dragon covered in long green scales like grass was flying in the sky.
The figure of a small and cute girl disappeared, and it was the size of a city block.
“Can we do it at this point?”
After choosing the right place, Aethra drew in her breath and prepared to fire her breath.
‘Healing of life.’
The dragon’s breath boasts a powerful ability comparable to that of an angel’s halo of justice.
The special organs inside the body were charged with breath, and the charging time was different for each dragon.
Aetra’s breath had a charging cycle of 100 hours, which was far superior among the 12 apostles.
“Quaaaaaaaa!”
As Aetra opened her huge mouth and roared, a golden gale swept over Basuka.
“Ah, ah… …
As the wounds of those injured by the demons healed, they rose one by one.
Miro and the others were shocked.
‘It’s a tremendous resilience.’
Eitra, who blew her breath all over Basuka, folded her wings and descended to the ground.
People cheered.
“Oh, great dragon! save us! Glory to Tormia!”
After experiencing miracles several times throughout the day, it felt as if Tormia had been chosen by God.
the lady-in-waiting said
“Jeonheu｝, Miss Pony is asking for an audience.”
The eyes of the royals were shocked, and Adolph XIII’s face went pale.
‘Uh, how?’
Shirone was definitely there, and the assassination plan never leaked out.
When Pony came in, all the hypotheses disappeared and only the harsh reality stuck in his mind.
“shit??????
He forgot the king’s body language and spat out curse words, but there was not much time left to wear the crown anyway.
Pony’s gaze passed by the kneeling royals and stunned guards before reaching Shirone.
‘Really.’
Seeing Shirone again immediately after parting ways, it felt like my memory had caused an error.
Shirone looked back at the royal family and said.
“As of this time, Pony will succeed to the throne of Tormia. As the star of the Ivory Tower and the Five Stars of the Unified Space Management Department, it is my judgment that a person who assassinated a blood relative and took advantage of someone else’s credit to ridicule the people cannot be crowned king.”
The royal family had an intuition that it was Shirone who had solved Basuka’s disaster.
” dare… …
As the 44-year wait dissipated like foam, Adolf XIII was seized with anger.
“Pony! you finally me… … ! Whoops!”
At that moment, as the Miracle Stream shocked his heart, the king’s face turned as white as paper.
He sat down with a thump and clutched at his chest, his eyes filled with great fear.
“Huh! Huh!”
Shirone said coldly.
“I don’t want to waste time. Confess your faults to the people and lay down your powers. Then I will treat you as a human being.”
“Heuuuu… Adolf XIII’s face crumpled with tears.
“I’m sorry.”
Even if someone threatened me with a knife to my throat, I wouldn’t have been so afraid.
‘Heart, heart stops… …
Unfamiliar stimuli that were hard to feel once in a lifetime were still alive in my brain.
“Then from now on… …
Just when Shirone was about to speak.
“majesty! Something big happened!”
The door was opened violently, and all the noble officials in the castle came in.
“Giant, giant… … !”
Shirone and Pony looked at each other at the same time.

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 970 - Existence of Absence(1) 1.txt
===============================
Existence of Absence (1)
Aetra, who sprayed breath and life healing all over Basuka, landed beside Miro and the others.
“Whoa.”
Returning to the image of a cute girl with braided hair, she wiped away her sweat and smiled.
“Hehe, you should be praised by Messiah-nim.”
The maze has arrived.
“It’s an ultra-fast activation.”
“huh. It increases your vitality by about 200,000 times.”
“200,000… …
When I imagined only the shame, it would be able to heal any wound except death.
“Is the effect good? In addition, because the immune system is strengthened, diseases and poisons can be cured.”
Miro said with sincerity.
“Are you invincible?”
“In a sense. but… …
Aethra’s eyes turned to sadness and turned to the people in the corner of the city.
Among the people who were drunk with the appreciation of victory, there were still those who couldn’t laugh.
Those who lost their families, those who went crazy with fear, those who suffered terrible things from demons.
Although not as much as Taeseong, even Eight felt maternal love for their miserable reality.
“You cannot heal a wounded mind.”
“Wouldn’t it be possible if it was a white dragon?”
A White Dragon Assriker who handles soul information.
“Probably not. Her epitome may make you feel better, but it cannot erase the scars that have been etched on her psyche.”
It was like taking drugs to forget the pain.
“Right.”
Miro changed the topic.
“I heard there is a charging time?”
“In the case of life healing, 100 hours. Among the 12 apostles, I am the longest.”
“100 hours. About four days later?”
Eitra grasped the true meaning of Miro’s question.
“okay. It’s definitely an ambiguous ability to get the timing in battle. Still, he told me to use non-Messica if necessary. Don’t be concerned about efficiency in saving lives.” It was a Shirone-like idea, and Miro agreed.
“But the time period of four days… …
Miro’s head turned quickly, her eyes wide open, and a lightning bolt fell where her gaze stopped.
“Blitz?”
Aethra tilted her head and asked, but Blitz was too nervous to explain.
“come.”
“Coming? what?”
A roar erupted from Basuka’s walls, and Miro’s eyes went cold.
“already?”
The armies of Heaven, which Hand of God had scattered all over the world, had returned.
‘It must have flown at least thousands of kilometers.’
If hexa is the ultimate function of the mind, then perhaps the stronger the person, the farther he flew.
‘Then who arrived the fastest?’
Ironically.
“Ha ha ha ha!”
He was the one who was presumed to be the strongest in the army of heaven.
“come out!”
As Ymir’s voice spread through the air, windows were shattered in every building in downtown Baska.
Miro spat out a double curse and cast a mass teleport with the gathered party.
Arriving at the front of the wall, the allied forces led by Garcia were attacking Ymir in droves.
“Are you kidding me?”
Every time Ymir spun around and jabbed, the Allies’ heads exploded one after another.
“Garcia!”
Even when Garcia heard Miro’s voice, he was only glaring at Ymir.
I was angry.
‘Why?’
The scene where the being who blew away the demon army in one blow exchanged sums with the allied soldiers.
‘Are you mocking me?’
No, it doesn’t feel like that.
Ymir was just enjoying this situation, the current battle purely.
“let’s go! We are the defenders of humanity!” The Allies, who had seen the blood so far, rushed at Ymir in a state of oblivion of fear.
And every time Ymir’s blow, blow, blow was fired honestly, his body exploded without a doubt.
……..
Garcia’s nose wrinkled.
“Aaaaaaa!”
I was angry for no reason, and the size of my anger was greater than meeting my parents’ enemies.
“wait!”
Garcia turned away from Miro’s voice, and Miro quickly followed suit, clicking his tongue.
Next to her was Enox, the representative of the fairies.
“Let’s work together.”
They, too, were aware of the intense sense of incongruity rising in their hearts, albeit vaguely.
‘Hellfire!’
Garcia’s fire magic exploded, and Enox created a wind and dug into it.
Ancient magic using the energy of the wind scratched Ymir, and on top of it, Heavenly Arms Guanse Yin poured out an attack like mad.
A cloud of dust rose and dissipated with a pop as if in an explosion.
‘Isn’t it shocking?’
Ymir, who inflated the air with muscle vibration, was walking over the corpses of the allies.
“Come on.”
At that point, Garcia, Enox, and even Miro stopped walking.
Rian had Ymir in his eyes.
‘I don’t know.’
They had been together for a while before Hand of God blew him away, but it was the first time he had felt this way.
‘I can’t feel anything.’
The talent for counting capabilities is not excellent, but at least it can distinguish the strong from the weak.
However, Ymir felt neither strength, nor weakness, nor fear, nor intent to kill, nor even hostility.
“ah??????
Anger welled up in Rian’s heart.
‘It was like that.’
Just as you can’t see something very far away, everyone here can’t feel Ymir.
“Hey, what are you doing? Why don’t you hurry up!”
The same thought popped into their heads as they retreated the distance Ymir approached.
‘Why does this exist?’
The reason they were angry was that the very existence of Ymir denied them.
‘Ymir shouldn’t exist. because… …
The moment you acknowledge his existence, all substances except him have no value in existence.
“Pooh!”
Seeing them continue to distance themselves, Ymir looked up at the sky and let out a breath.
“I know what you are afraid of.”
Looking forward again, Ymir’s eyes contained 1% expectations and 99% futility.
“That is, for example. I don’t want to die. I don’t want to perish. I want to continue thinking.”
Ymir’s steps stopped abruptly.
“But it’s because I feel that that desire is also life. I mean, I can’t feel anything.”
Just as humans cannot feel Ymir. This Mir also couldn’t properly sense the universe.
“It was thrilling.”
The most intense memory in Ymir’s mind is the blow from Ogent.
Even now, when I think of that moment, the area where the molar was missing is clearly throbbing.
“You promised me. I will definitely come back.”
Ymir’s gaze moved to the blue-haired swordsman standing at the back of the maze.
“Keep your promises.” Playing Django wasn’t like Rian, but this time I thought about it for a long time.
When he finally moved on, Miro said.
“Do it together. I can’t catch it alone.”
“I know.”
He wasn’t foolish enough to stand up for himself against a strong enemy who couldn’t even feel fear.
“But I cannot back down. There is no other way back. Rian, who had passed all of Ymir, took the lead.
“This is the destination.”
Miro knows.
What courage it would take to reach that distance, just two meters away from Ymir.
“It was thrilling earlier.”
Ymir said.
“But it’s the thrill of meeting Ogent. Now, that won’t be enough to satisfy me.”
“do not worry.”
The straightness was drawn at an invisible speed.
“I will fight until I die.” A horizontal line was drawn across the landscape, and Ymir was at the center where the world was divided into two parts.
Rian’s right elbow ruptured as the impact rushed through the straight sword stuck in his forearm.
“Great!”
Deny’s strength is ignoring inertia.
With the sword resting on Ymir’s arm, Rian twisted his upper body with all his convictions.
“Aaaaaaa!”
As the Distortion of the Law distorted the world, Ymir’s body began to shift.
“Hehehe.”
Ymir, whose shoulders were shivering, pulled out his upper body while wickedly tearing the corner of his mouth.
“It’s ridiculous.”
At the same time, the other forearm rose and struck Rian’s body with terrifying speed.
Rian, who stepped back for a moment, defended with a great straight sword, and his fist struck the blade.
A shockwave exploded.
M | 99
As the brain ceased to recognize time, the criteria for fast and slow completely disappeared.
‘Sleepy.’
Through my half-closed eyelids, I could see thousands of Tess spinning and laughing.
‘I want to sleep… …
I didn’t close my eyes.
‘I want to close my eyes. I’m so tired. Why can’t I lie down? You can’t sleep if you’re standing.’
Rian waited calmly.
‘I have to go to my hometown. Reina noona doesn’t seem to be in the royal castle. Shall she take Shirone?’
Still, the next moment never came.
‘Bored.’
With nothing more to think about, Rian blindly started counting from 1.
‘… … Two thousand three hundred and twenty-one, two thousand three hundred and twenty-two.’
how much time has passed
‘Aaaaaa! Aaaaaa! Aaaaa!’ Rian had a hunch.
Perhaps the fact that the state in which time does not flow may last forever.
‘in action! I mean move!’ The brain has forgotten the time.
‘I can’t escape.’
I was afraid of having to experience this moment endlessly.
“Ha ha ha ha ha! Ha ha ha ha ha! Ha ha ha ha ha!” Tess’s many faces
He burst into mad laughter filling the sky.
Tess is in Tess’s mouth, Tess is in Tess’s mouth, Tess is in Tess’s mouth… … .
‘I’m going crazy.’
What holds Rian in time?
‘ Obsession.’
Even though the body, mind, and heart have already been destroyed, there is no more power to move.
‘I want to achieve something here.’
The absolute immutable idea was holding Rian in the middle of life and death.
The universe was filled with Tess’s face, ready to explode from her laughter.
‘ah??????
At the height of his madness, Rian finally realized the true meaning of Ogent’s words.
‘I, in order to reach where I want… …
How far can you give up?
Giving up a happy life, giving up the woman you love, giving up your life span, giving up your body.
‘I gave up on being human.’
If you still can’t reach it, there is probably only one option left to you.
Either throw away the obsession, or throw away everything except the obsession.
‘Go ahead!’
When Rian’s eyes entered his mind, time began to accelerate toward the future.
‘That’s right.’
As Ymir’s fist pierced the undestroyed sword, 80% of Rian’s body was ruptured.
‘doesn’t care.’
The moment the thought of only cutting settled in the great sword, Ymir’s eyes were shocked.
‘What is this again?’
Even as Rian’s body flew away like a porridge, the great straight sword was being reaped.
‘What’s left?’
What remains in the place where the body disappears?
‘ Obsession.’
It was a terrifying obsession.
At the moment of realization, Ymir crouched down and clearly saw the vision of someone drawing in the great sword.
‘Ogent.’
All the hair on my head stood on end as a state I could never forget felt through my whole body.
Rian, who had lost his body, gritted his teeth.
‘Cut it!’
Divine transcendence – the day of the divine sword union.
At a speed that far transcended the limits of living things, large straight lines cut through the atmosphere.
If it was a normal sword, the iron would have melted due to the heat of friction before it even went halfway through… … .
‘This is my conviction.’
<Idea> is not destroyed.
The speed at which the impact was running was far too fast for the sound to catch up, and in the moment of stillness, Ymir threw his upper body back with all his might.
‘ what?’
I thought I had definitely avoided it.
However, when I looked back, there were countless large swords pushing through all the spaces.
‘It destroyed my cognition.’
Natasha called it negative beats.
The next moment, the air exploded with a roar.
It was undoubtedly a fallacy.

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 971 - Existence of Absence(2).txt
===============================
Existence of Absence (2)
An explosion occurred centering on Rian. It was powerful enough to blow the entire radius, but the party behind Rian was unharmed.
Everyone looked at the front as if wondering, and Shirone, who had arrived before he knew it, was casting Hand of God.
I saw Ymir leaning over the palm of the light that blocked the explosion.
“Whoa!”
While the whole area turned to black ash, only Ymir was breathing life.
‘Did I miss it?’
The moment everyone thought so, Mi Le’s chest opened and blood gushed out.
“Hmm.”
Even when he saw his own blood pouring in front of his eyes, his expression did not change.
‘Ymir… … I was cut by the sword.’
Rather, it was Rian’s party that was surprised, and if there was an army of heaven, they would have been shocked.
“Awesome, Rian.”
Shirone, who was looking at Ymir’s condition, had no choice but to sincerely acknowledge Rian.
‘In the history of Omega, Ogent is the only one who has wounded Ymir’s main body.’
Rian’s sword has now reached that point.
“Big!”
Smoke rose from where <Idea> was, and Rian’s body began to take shape.
Ymir watched the scene for a while, then tightened his chest muscles to stop the bleeding.
“It is standard.”
Shirone draws in the Hand of God
said.
“Remember the current power. I can’t shock Ymir at anything other than this.”
Even if you say so… … .
‘I couldn’t even see what and how he swung. It’s not a power that humans can produce.’
Rian’s body regenerated quite slowly, but the shell was not important in the realm of the unification of the divine sword.
“I waited beneath the frozen sea. It was a boring time. I’m not very patient, but I haven’t had much fun coming out.”
It was the years of enduring the blows inflicted by Ogent, chewing and chewing endlessly.
“You said you would come back. He told me so.”
Ymir nodded as he looked down at Rian, who had regained his form perfectly.
“You keep your promise, Ozent.”
The origin of the Ogent family, the pride of inheriting the legacy of the ancestors burned Rian’s heart.
‘but… …
My head was colder than before.
‘Avoided. A blow with the whole body.’
What about Ymir?
He also avoids the attack with all his might.
did it?
Rian concentrated all his nerves, but he still couldn’t sense Ymir’s presence.
Shirone said.
“Rian, come here.”
Shirone, who had Rian retreat to the side of the party, said while putting the Hand of God in front.
“As you may have already experienced, Ymir’s attack has two types of shock waves. The first is the impact on the photon field.”
is called physical force.
“The second is the shock his body itself gives off while moving. It’s a unique wavelength, and if you get caught up in this shockwave, your mind will be paralyzed. Prepare in advance.”
As Shirone said, I had already experienced it, but I thought it was too much to be honest.
‘Are you saying there are no natural enemies?’
It is said that physics, magic, law, and even eating out are all destroyed with a single blow.
“I know you well.”
Ymir pursed his lips and said.
“It definitely feels familiar. Something that has been passed down since long before Ogent.”
The Hand of God reacted swiftly to Ymir’s movements and twitched his fingers.
“good.”
Shirone, Blitz, Aetra, Rian, Tess, Amy, Nade, Miro, Zulu, Gangnan, Sein, Enox, Garcia.
Then, towards the allied forces beyond, Ymir raised his hands and flicked his fingers.
“Come on.”
They felt it for the first time.
‘I haven’t thought about anything until now.’
What is Ymir’s way of living when he truly decides to kill someone?
“Huh huh r
As Tess clenched her jaws and held back her screams, Ymir’s body snapped.
muscle vibration.
As the shock wave from the body itself paralyzed the mind, hallucinations flickered before my eyes.
“first……
With no one moving, Ymir sprang out into the maze.
“Shall we start with you?”
Miro’s gaze, which was aimed at the front, moved to the side and caught the fist.
Ymir laughed curiously.
“Hoo?” Just the look in her unwavering gaze showed how deep she had reached.
Time is compressed to the limit.
‘All-sky projection.’
Thousand Arms Guanshiyin’s hand hit the left and right sides of Ymir, who was covering his face with both arms.
‘Hey, can I survive this?’ Miro, who was preparing for a deadly blow, saw Ymir flashing through the guard.
‘There is no shock.’
Before the eerie feeling could be conveyed, Ymir took a step forward and extended his fist.
At that time when he couldn’t even react, the Hand of God grabbed Ymir’s body.
“Huh!”
Shirone’s nose wrinkled.
‘I can’t stop this.’
Even with the quantum signal with all his heart, Ymir’s strength could not be completely suppressed.
“Kuaaa!”
While captured by the Hand of God, Ymir’s regime was shot, and Miro twisted his head.
bang! bang bang! bang!
His fists created wind pressure and knocked down the buildings at the back of the maze like dominoes.
“ha. ha.”
Miro let out a heavy breath.
‘I almost died.’
If the Hand of God hadn’t restrained Ymir, his head would have been blown off.
Shirone frowned and said.
“This is the limit.”
The Hand of God was released into light smoke and wrapped around Ymir’s body.
It would definitely have an effect, but I couldn’t even guess how much of an effect it would have.
“Goes!”
At the same time as Rian kicked the ground, the wizards who followed were equipped with magic.
At the stage of the unification of the swords, Rian’s body could not stand it and exploded with a bang.
Rian, who had entered the state of obsession and soul, swung <Idea> at the speed of his mind.
The atmosphere exploded.
In the thick haze, the mages attacked Ymir, relying on the Spirit Zone.
As fire, lightning, wind and cold exploded in one place, the surroundings of Baska’s walls were devastated.
“Whoa.”
Even the fighters were surprised at their own power, but it tickled Ymir.
“Hahaha!”
Garcia, who raised her mental strength to the limit, cast Hellfire from the sky.
Ymir, who strained for a while to cut off the Hand of God, bent his lower body and loaded his fist.
cried Amy.
“danger… …
Before he could finish his words, Ymir’s regime struck the heavens and Hellfire annihilated with a hook.
“Master!”
Garcia, who was on the other side, fell to the ground with her upper body missing.
Literally instant death.
“Aaaaaaa!”
A fire giant burst out of Amy’s body in anger and fired at Ymir.
“Dangerous!”
Shirone followed, and Sain cast Sun Moonlight Wheel to maximize the Hand of God’s restraining power.
“Quack. Kkkkkkkkk.”
Feeling the damage accumulating on his body, Ymir laughed with his shoulders trembling.
“Ha ha ha ha!” At the same time, he kicked off the ground and slammed his fist into Sein’s face.
Thousand-handed Guanshiyin pushed away the three men with his right hand and raised the capital with his left hand to strike down this Mir.
Ymir bent down and said with a tear in his mouth.
“Did you think you would win?”
Because he was polar, because he was omnipotent, because he inherited the lineage of Ogent, because he was a fire world, because he was the world’s strongest magician.
“Did you really think you guys would win?”
Ymir, who avoided the follow-up of the Thousand Arms Guanshi Yin’s attack, twisted his waist and drew his fist.
<Idea> was flying at a frightening speed, but Ymir’s government came first.
‘Posmetry.’
Zulu, who canceled the summoning of the lich, called the space-time bird along with the maze and soared in a flash of light.
Aaaaaang!
A shockwave swept through the front, and the blade of <Idea> reached Ymir’s neck.
‘ what?’
As time slowed down infinitely, Li An’s mind saw the rapidly spinning Ymir.
how fast is that?
Before he could even think about it, Ymir’s fist pierced Rian’s mind.
‘Gagging!’
Rian’s mind went far away, and <Idea> fell to the ground with a metal sound.
Although he couldn’t see it with his eyes, it was clear that Rian’s mind had missed the great sword.
“Rian!”
Just as Tess was about to jump out screaming, Shirone blocked her path.
“No, Tess.”
Even Shirone, who had experienced all of Omega’s history, could not comprehend the situation just before.
‘I attacked the psychic body.’
Ymir brushed off his knees and straightened his upper body.
“It’s nothing.”
And when he clenched his fist, a brilliant golden aura surged through the sky.
“link.”
Shirone realized that there was too little information about Lee Mi Le in the long history.
Ymir laughed incredulously.
“why? Did you know you couldn’t No, I didn’t have to.” Shirone’s gaze went down, but <Idea> still did not move.
may be dead
“Zulu! Zulu!”
When I looked back at Miro’s cry, Zulu had collapsed, spitting regurgitated blood.
“… … Don’t make a fuss.”
Just like the attack on Rian’s mental body, Ymir’s Fist chased space and time.
“Blitz. Eitra.”
Shirone looked back.
“Block it.”
At the same time as the instructions were given, the two apostles spurred the ground at the same time and jumped out.
The reason why he didn’t turn into a dragon is that Ymir can also become gigantic anyway.
“Go ahead.”
As Blitz’s body was wrapped in electricity, it hit Ymir, and Aethra went back.
‘I’m not sure about the Kwonbeop… …
After being hit by Aetra’s elbow, Ymir’s back staggered and bent to the side.
“haha.”
Excluding the mutation that is the sum of 10 billion Gaia, the dragon is the most powerful creature in the universe.
‘Nonsense.’
Aethra smiled bitterly.
The most chilling thing about Ymir is not knowing the limits of his abilities.
‘I keep getting stronger.’
Perhaps it is not producing even one-tenth of its original strength.
‘No, have you ever been to the limit?’
And Ymir raised his gear once again at the point of receiving the dragon’s pincer attack.
“Ha ha ha ha!”
When Blitz’s body flew out of sight, Shirone took out a dagger from her bosom.
“<Law Slaughter>.”
The most dangerous weapon in the world that changes the law and causes murder.
When Yahweh’s wrath was contained, <Dharma Kill> let out a scream while emitting red energy.
‘please! please!’
Shirone took a big step, looked at Ymir, and controlled the sensation in her arms.
‘Get out of space!’
When both Blitz and Aetra flew away, black flashes of light rushed towards Ymir.
Ymir quickly turned his head and grabbed the blade of <Law Flesh> with his huge hand.
There was a thump and the sound of blades breaking.
“What is this toy… … ?”
In the next moment, Ymir’s eyes widened, and the hand that held the <Slayer> shook terribly.
ack uh ”
Shirone clenched his fists.
Except for the atrocities outside the law, there was no existence that could be freed from <the killing of the law>.
‘It took properly.’
You can’t kill Ymir with an incident like getting hit by a carriage or falling a stone from the sky.
Eventually, as the dimension collapsed, the space around Ymir was distorted.
At the same time, the near-infinite law that could kill him began to work beyond time and space.
“You do cute things.”
Contrary to what he said while looking back at Shirone, his expression was as serious as ever.
‘this… … It’s definitely dangerous.’
As if coming from the entire universe, space that had turned black was encroaching on Ymir.

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 972 - Existence of Absence(3).txt
===============================
Existence of Absence (3)
* ? ?
After Shirone destroyed Ionas, Ikael’s Astral body did not shake any more.
However, it was illuminating the sky with a more brilliant light than anything else in the world.
‘Guffin.’
As if pouring hot and cold water on my chest at the same time, pain and pleasure mixed together.
‘Really, really… …
Ikael saw Shirone.
‘It’s our child.’
The look of the man I loved the most in the world.
Shirone, who was looking down, held out his hand as if he was right in front of him.
“iced coffee.”
That’s when Ikael raises his arm as if to take his hand.
“Be careful.”
Archangels surrounded them.
Uriel, who had supported Ikael knowingly or unknowingly, was now only revealing a quiet hostility.
“Don’t you know? If you go to Shirone here and now, there will be no turning back.”
Yuriel was on the left, Rayel was on the right, and Satiel was guarding Ikael’s rear.
When Ikael’s gaze returned to the front, feeling them by turning his gaze left and right, Maras were blocking the road.
satiel said.
“Give up. Even you can’t stop all of us. And we won’t let things go.”
For a long time, Ikael felt the archangels’ flesh piercing like thorns.
“Whoops.”
One corner of Ikael’s mouth went up.
Uriel, Rayel, and Satiel were unable to react in front of an unfamiliar sense of discomfort.
He could only think of whether an archangel had ever laughed at anyone throughout history.
Ikael asked.
“Can’t stop all of you?” She already said yes.
Ikael turned and looked back at the archangels.
“Answer me. I can’t stop all of you. Did you really mean that?”
I had already said so, but the archangels reviewed their thoughts again as if possessed by something.
Really?
4 We……
Can you subdue Ikael?
“Shirone is my son.”
Because I kept it in my heart for such a long time, I was thrilled just to say it.
‘I’m not afraid.’
Guffin has left, but isn’t his son, who looks so much like him, reaching out to him?
“I have come back for many years, but I will not back down now. If, as the archangel, you would rather stand in my way than order… …
Ikael sighed coldly.
“Don’t expect any more respect from me.”
Satiel opened his judicial halo nostalgia and fired.
“respect? that’s what we have to say you are not an archangel It is like a cancerous mass that fights for humans and betrays the armies of Heaven.”
In front of the clear rules of heaven, Uriel could not reveal his personal likes and dislikes.
‘… … Do I have no choice but to fight?’
The judicial halo Ragnarok unfolded, and Rayel also activated the accelerator.
“You gave up your authority yourself, so don’t blame us.”
“My authority is given only because of my age.”
Ikael let out a laugh.
“It’s something you can’t talk about, worry about, or break.”
The moment the words were finished, the three archangels and the Maras in front charged at the same time.
It was a cosmic momentum, but Ikael’s eyes sank into a rather deep abyss.
She said.
“????
At that moment, countless living beings on the ground saw another sun floating in the sky.
Captivated by the laws of Law Killing, Ymir twisted in agony.
Shirone and the others calmed their rapidly beating hearts and just watched.
I don’t know how to kill Ymir, but the law was trying to create the incident by attracting everything in the universe.
It was not a realm that humans could imagine, and all they could see with their eyes was the sight of the surface of the black space surrounding Ymir occasionally glowing in full-color.
“Great!”
Ymir’s heart began to tighten with the will to kill all living things in the universe.
‘Die, please die.’
The reason why even those who don’t believe in God join hands is because, with an honest heart, they don’t want to fight again.
‘I just need you to disappear.’
Should the universe be sacrificed?
As the black space filled up to her neck and covered her entire body, Ymir glared at Shirone and said,
“In this way, I…
As his mouth was blocked by the space, his voice was blocked, and eventually covered Ymir’s face.
The sight that Shirone and the others can see is probably just a black sphere containing the entire universe.
“Is it over?”
After a while, the black sphere vibrated terribly, predicting destruction.
Cuckoo Cuckoo!
The ground shook up and down as if an earthquake had occurred, and buildings swayed from side to side.
‘doesn’t care. If only I could catch it here.’
At that moment, white cracks began to appear in the black space.
The rift accelerated, and a golden glow erupted fiercely from the hideous fissure.
“Kuaaaaa!”
Ymir spread his limbs and let out a roar, and the black space attached like a shell burned without even a trace.
Even after watching the scene with his own eyes, it took Si Lone a long time before he even uttered the word failure.
‘It can’t be.’
<Law Kill> never dies until the target is killed.
If it cannot be extinguished by a specific event, it is a legal weapon that must take the life of the opponent even by artificially manipulating the situation.
It doesn’t mean that it’s powerful, it’s just that kind of function.
‘However, the fact that he couldn’t kill Ymir…
Those who knew <Slaughter>, as well as those who did not know, intuited one fact.
“There is no way to kill them.” At least in this universe.
I was horrified by the terrifying truth.
“It was a good try.”
Ymir moved on, looking a bit weary.
“I don’t know what it is, but it’s pretty good. but… …
Ymir, who released a shock wave, threw himself at everyone causing delirium.
“It’s not the way I want it.”
“damage!”
The incarnation of Thousand Hands Guanyin made an iron barrier with countless palms.
“Yaaaa!”
As Ymir was raised, Miro’s pupils shook for a moment.
“Whoa!”
Quickly recovering, she exhaled a long breath and waved her arms.
Thousand Hands Guan Yin – Double Thunderbolt.
The moment Ymir was trapped in the joint, a blow of a billion units was pushed in from the limit of time.
“Hehehehe!”
Even in this situation, Ymir, who was smiling, felt terrible.
“Weak.”
Ymir stomped his foot and the ground shuddered.
“Weak!”
At the same time, there was a sharp sound that made your teeth ache, flying on top of the roar of the ground.
“……I”
Perhaps it was instinct.
Ymir, who had been hitting Miro’s face straight, turned his head.
‘ what?’
It was a fist-sized air bullet that flew through the atmosphere.
The moment I moved my other hand to block it, there was a bang and Ymir’s body was pushed.
“Big!”
The bullet in my hand exploded, tearing the shell.
‘ sick.’
The impact pierced the bone and escaped.
The party, who had been staring blankly at Ymir, who had been pushed back dozens of meters, slowly turned their heads.
“cadet??????
A dying sound, someone stepped out of the shadows in the alley.
At first I thought it was a corpse.
He was a man with scattered hair and a skinny face reminiscent of a skeleton.
“Ah, ah?????
It was difficult to even speak and her legs were stiff as if they were stiff, but Kang-nan noticed at a glance.
“Gaold.”
More than just being happy, I can understand how you were able to come this far with a look like that.
didn’t
As he looked around like a lost person, he caught sight of the maze that escaped from the moment right before his death.
For a moment, the black pupils that seemed to have died came alive.
“Don’t cry.”
Gaold said with a hazy expression.
“Smile.”
Sein approached.
“Gaold you… …
As we got closer, it gave off a stench, but the condition was so serious that even that was not a big deal.
Miro said.
“Why did you come?”
When Shirone and the others turned their heads, she had an expressionless expression on her face.
“I’d rather die. What are you going to do by appearing in front of us like that?”
Gangnan’s eyes widened.
“Is that what you want to say now? For whom did you save your life?”
Miro held out his hand as if to stop stepping out.
He would have said the same thing if not to maintain the integrity of the all-round projection.
“go back. Your role is now over.”
“I can’t go back.”
“why?”
Miro gritted his teeth.
“Why are you being so nasty? i said i like it You said I’d be your woman if you wanted to. You are the one who rejected it. And now I hate people like you.”
“……okay.”
“Get out of here! Disappear before my eyes!”
“Okay, maze. therefore… …
Gaold raised his chin and smiled faintly.
“Smile.”
The words were still incomprehensible, but Miro bit her lip while tightening her eyes.
As Gaold moved, Ymir, who had been watching the torn hand, raised his head.
A bone-and-bone human was limping and approaching, but strangely, he didn’t feel weak.
‘It’s the pinnacle of something.’
Ymir had a hunch.
‘If I were infinitely distant from the senses… …
Ymir raised his upper body, revealing that he would live again.
“The existence closest to the senses.”
“What are you talking about?”
Gaold, with one eye half-closed, spoke, and Ymir’s lips went up.
“… … You did well to come.”
Destroy everything and become the dignity of the universe.
“I am the strongest!”
As soon as Ymir threw his heavy body away, Gaold’s face contorted like a demon.
‘Bakum Press.’
With a thump, Ymir stopped charging and his back drastically bowed.
“haha! How is it? but… …
As Ymir trembled and slowly raised his head, Gaold’s nerves started to jump.
“Cheuk, heck, heck!”
But his expression, like Ymir’s, was a wicked grin.
“Are you the king of giants?”
Seeing Gaold’s unique mockery, Sain reached out his hand, realizing that it was unusual.
“no! If you break it here… … !” All humans in the city will die.
“Huh!”
Gaold’s eyes, which did not even pretend to listen, curled up.
‘ pain?’
In the space of the spirit without light, an endless passage of a single road spreads out.
‘What is pain?’
Gaold, standing at the starting point, walked towards the blade extending from the ending point.
The blade pierced the stomach.
‘It’s a pain.’
He did not stop even as he felt the blade continue to cut through his body.
As he advanced, another blade was waiting for him to pierce his shoulder.
‘Go ahead.’
The number of blades increased as the number of blades increased, and the forehead was pierced, the heart was pierced, the thighs were pierced…
Finally, in front of Gaold’s eyes, numerous blades that could pierce the whole body were waiting.
‘It will advance.’
Even though his whole body was in pain as if it were on fire, his legs did not stop.
If we stop here, the pain will lessen, but if that is death… … .
‘Great!’
Gaold charged with all his might.
‘Aaaaaa!’
Even if thousands of blades cut through my body, I don’t know where it ends, even if there is no end.
‘It doesn’t stop.’
Throwing your body towards the pain you see in front of you, that is… … .
“It is my life!”
As Gauld’s mind was completely compressed, the eyes of Shirone and the others shook in shock.
“Crazy… …
At the same time, the air press, whose power could not be measured, pressed down on Ymir’s body.

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 973 - Existence of Absence(4).txt
===============================
Existence of Absence (4)
Ymir’s face contorted.
More than the weight he felt now, the unit of pressure that continued to mount was terrifying.
‘What is this again?’
The moment Le’s knees were about to stagger under the pressure soaring without knowing the limit.
Whoops!
The ground first caved in about three meters.
“Hmm.”
Contrary to expectations, Gaold’s expression as he glared at Ymir buried in the ground was serious.
‘Did you hold out?’
Only Autumn knew what a three-meter-deep pit meant.
“What, what?”
Shirone and the others looked around.
If the atmospheric pressure was enough to break Ymir’s knees, it would be normal if the city had already been blown away.
“What happened?”
Just as Tess was muttering, a fierce, tearing voice was heard from across the sky.
“You stupid bastard!” As she looked up, Minerva rode her jet and she was rapidly charging toward the ground.
Upon arriving, she approached Gaold and grabbed him by the collar and pulled him.
“it’s crazy? It’s not Taeseong sacrificing just because you’re an installation! And if the city blows up… … !”
When Amanta, Freed, and Thing arrived with Taeseong from behind, she turned her head.
“ha. ha.”
As expected, the eyes of Taeseong, who was breathing heavily, were halfway up.
‘Gaia’s ability.’ She, her star incarnation, had absorbed all of the shock De had inflicted on her planet a moment before.
Realizing the situation, Miro looked at Ymir with a surprised expression.
‘Nevertheless, the ground was crushed O…’
It meant that Taeseong’s condition was not normal.
Shirone approached her.
” are you okay?”
After recovering from the shock, Taeseong smiled.
“Do not worry. A shock of this magnitude does not destroy the star. I don’t have any problem.”
Shirone knew, but it was also true that the pain she suffered was separate from the shock.
Taeseong looked around and asked.
“Rian… … Where are you?”
Shirone couldn’t answer, so she changed the topic after grasping the atmosphere.
“Listen carefully. The reason I came here is to seal Ymir.”
It was a welcome sound to hear, but it was a word that never really touched me.
‘Sealing Ymir?’
It was a creature with strength that could not be completely subdued even with Shirone’s Hand of God.
Taeseong held out his hand.
“Shirone, please give me the key to planet Hexa.”
It was a planet gifted by Taeseong when he became Oh Daesung of the Unified Space Management Department.
“ah??????
When Shirone took out the pendant from her bosom, Taeseong took it and said.
“From now on, I will activate the Law of the Pentagram.”
In the number of the law, 5 symbolizes ‘external force’, and all kinds of summons and seals belong to this category.
In particular, what Taeseong is trying to do now is the Pentagram, which literally uses stars and planets.
“Normal things keep coming.”
Ymir, who had been listening to the conversation in the pit, tightened his fist and the body rose into the air.
Seeing them overcome gravity with only their strength, Shirone and the others put on a tired expression.
Landing on the ground, Ymir asked Taeseong.
“Are you going to seal me?”
“That’s right. Unfortunately, your existence is meaningless to the universe. I don’t know if it doesn’t affect me, but I have no choice but to use this method now that I have taken action.”
Ymir slowly raised his knees.
“okay?”
The next moment, as he slammed the ground with a thump, a tremendous shock settled in Taeseong’s incarnation.
“Huh!”
“Taesung!”
As the Five Stars hurriedly helped, they looked down at the land that Ymir had trampled on.
“Hmm, it’s pretty solid.”
Only the shape of the sole of the foot was stamped at the place where he struck with the determination to collapse the entire area.
“I will admit it to some extent. But can you stop me with just that much?”
It was Ymir who could not find a way to annihilate existence even with the law of <Slaughter>.
“You can.”
Taeseong hung the five pendants on his fingers and put his hands together as if putting his palms together.
“Please stop Ymir for a moment.” Those gathered here were the strongest in the world, but no one could answer.
The only time Ymir had stopped moving was when he didn’t move on his own.
“It’s a fun game. be willing to respond But shouldn’t I also have a sense of purpose?”
Ymir lowered his lower body and said.
“The moment I kill you, the game is over.”
“Stop!”
Shirone and the others moved at the same time.
The Hand of God, the halo of the sun and the moon, and now even the ‘enforcement’ of the Law of Thing worked on Ymir.
Fried was beaten.
‘Taesung is preventing the destruction of the planet.’
It’s truly heartbreaking to see her in pain.
“… … Is this right?”
The swordsman’s fighting spirit against the strongest enemy naturally pushed the corners of his mouth to the left and right.
“Yaaaa!”
Steel magic is engraved on the sword.
‘I’ll cut off my forearm.’
As he swung his body to the limit of his schema, the huge iron ring caused an afterimage.
Although not to the point of apostasy, Ymir also ate the law of redemption as much as he could.
The thrilling taste hit Fried’s brain.
‘It took properly.’
I thought so.
Until the steel enchanted sword shattered with a bang.
“It tickles.”
What Fred sees.
‘ iced coffee.’
It wasn’t Ymir’s fist, it was his son laughing in the tunnel of light.
‘Son, Dad… …
Before he could smile, Ymir’s fist burst into Fried’s face.
“Freed;” As the headless corpse still stood up, Amanta terrifyingly threw the world wheel.
Hey hey hey!
Even while trapped in Gaold’s Bakum press, Ymir twisted his waist and grabbed the world wheel.
“huh?”
With a crunching sound, all of Ymir’s fingers caught in the spokes broke.
‘done!’
balance of the world.
If Ymir had risen infinitely above the average of the universe, he would have blown at least his torso.
“Big!”
With three broken fingers, Ymir gripped the wheel tightly.
The moment the world ring shattered with a bang, Amanta suddenly had this thought.
‘Maybe the world has already… …
It may be tilted so much that it does not allow balance.
“Taha!”
Amanta’s body was torn apart by Ymir’s wind, and everyone could only watch.
“haha.”
Arius laughed dejectedly.
‘If you are strong enough not to sense the universe… … Originally, it shouldn’t exist.’
Shirone’s eyes widened fiercely.
‘Ankera.’
how contradictory
The fact that an entity that promotes the stability of the world created such a ridiculous monster.
‘Unification of 10 Billion Gaians.’
It was a cosmic monopoly on power that most of the user’s authority was contained in one entity.
‘At this rate, everyone will die.’
The reason the damage has been low so far is because all the fighters know their portion.
‘I have no choice but to take an adventure.’
Ataraxia – Hexagonal.
As the mind amplified transcendently, the Hand of God’s ability drew a huge upward curve.
“Keugh!”
Ymir’s movements slowed.
However, as expected, this was the limit with Shirone’s own Ultima system.
“hurry! Even a six-year-old cannot maintain it for long!”
Miro shouted.
“Gaold! Press!” The air press was immediately cast, and once again the giant’s body was buried deep in the ground.
“Now! attack!”
The moment all firepower was focused on Ymir, its power approached the G3 level, the standard for transmission mages.
“These bastards!”
Thousand Arms Guanshiyin’s palm broke like glass and Ymir came out and rushed at Taeseong.
“I will kill you!”
There was no longer any means to stop him, and a huge fist flew into Taeseong’s face.
“I won!”
thud!
Shock swept through the eyes of Shirone and the others who thought everything was over.
“Uh, how?”
Ymir’s fist was shaking in the air without reaching Taeseong.
Tears ran down Tess’ cheeks.
“Rian!”
A human figure was blurry in front of Taeseong, and the tissue of living things began to stick to it.
“Is this a last resort?”
This Mir, who has no interest in the enemies he has already defeated, amplified his strength with a cold attitude.
“huh?”
arm was not extended.
“Big!”
It’s a power that soars without knowing the end, but Ri An’s spirit was also rising to the same level.
‘Divine transcendence.’
If you want to do that, do it.
‘Don’t imagine.’
The moment I think about what I can and cannot do, the world of thinking closes.
‘With the shape of the country completely erased… …
the ultimate state of the body.
‘It’s enough to reach it!’ Divine transcendence-divine transcendence.
When the bandwidth of Idea was expanded, signals were sent out at an unprecedented speed.
Rian’s body was restored in an instant, and twisted while holding onto Ymir’s fist.
“Keugh!”
The twisting of the arm was fleeting, but it was the first time Ymir had succumbed to its power.
‘Now.’
Taeseong opened his arms with his eyes shining.
“The Law of Pentagon.”
The five pendants that turned into light were already handcuffed to Le’s hands, ankles, and neck.
“send.”
Ymir’s limbs opened wide as the distant planets pulled Ymir’s body.
“Kuaaaaa!”
As Ymir, who had veins in his neck, gave strength, his limbs moved toward the center of his body little by little.
“Damn it!”
However, in the end, it could not withstand the weight of the planet on its hands, feet, and neck, and the body unfolded again.
‘I can’t do it.’
If she persisted like this, her face and limbs would be ripped off.
“It won’t take long.”
Squeezing out the last of his strength, Ymir shuddered and looked down at Taeseong.
“wait.”
The moment he finished speaking, Ymir’s body turned into light and disappeared along with the five stars.
Minerva asked.
“What happened? Are you dead?”
“No, unfortunately.”
Taeseong, who had been feeling something for a moment, opened a vision in front of him with a serious face.
“Look for yourself. Ymir is in this condition.”
Miro’s face turned pale.
“oh my god… …
In the middle of the vast universe, this Mir floated in a fixed position at the point of the pentagram.
Tess asked.
“Are those twinkling stars over there?”
“Star.] No.”
Shirone bit his lip.
“It’s Eunha.”
Dozens of galaxies stretched the distance from Ymir’s face to his feet.
“yes. Using the Star Key warps space and transports it to the planet. I thought this could cause Ymir’s limbs to dislocate, maybe even her neck… …
Shirone said.
“So you covered up the distortion of space with your size.”
“yes. It is the result of pouring all his power into gigantism. Of course, the force converges to 0. It will be fine for a while.”
Miro agreed.
“Well, even if you want to send a signal to move a finger, you have to cross the universe.”
Ymir, reflected in the vision, shook his shoulders.
“Quack.”
I couldn’t hear his voice because it was outer space, but I got goosebumps just looking at his eyes as he turned his head.
‘Those eyes are bigger than the galaxy?’ Ymir moved his lips.
“Don’t be overjoyed. Although my strength has weakened, the planets of the pentagram have also become smaller than my cells.”
I could hear it just by the shape of my mouth.
“It must be somewhere. The moment my power is concentrated there, the seal is broken and you are doomed.”
Ymir’s eyes widened.
“Aww! Aaaaaa!”
The sound of the spirit that transmitted power to the whole body spread through the galaxy between the galaxies riding on the body.
continues in the next volume

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 974 - Pandemonium Hell⑴.txt
===============================
Demonic Hell⑴
While repairing her wounds with a roaring sound, Shirone looked towards the horizon.
Numerous starlights were twinkling at the end of the field of view.
It was starlight only here, but when approaching, it was a gigantic shock pile that could not be measured with the naked eye.
‘Ikael is fighting.’
The reason why angels are strong is because the concept of origin, that is, that their abilities are not accompanied by a purpose.
The Archangel of Destruction just destroys, the Archangel of Birth can create anything.
The limitless scalability of concepts is the strength of the angels, but Shirone, who has now mastered all things, can see their only limit.
‘universe.’
Even Uriel cannot destroy anything that does not exist in the universe, and whatever Kariel creates will eventually become something that exists in the universe.
But Ikael is different.
Amplification has the potential to transcend the universe, and was actually demonstrated by Guffin.
The starlight on the horizon suddenly spread like the Milky Way and at some point disappeared from view.
After a while, Ikael flew towards Shirone, cutting the surface from the distant sea.
The asteroid was weakened and the face was fatigued, but the satisfaction of the one who made the decision was not visible in the eyes.
“ah??????
As Ikael found Shirone and accelerated even further, the sea tens of meters below split into a V shape.
The tears of light drew away from the horizon, and Ikael hugged Shirone without slowing down.
“Ahh!”
At the same speed as a physical attack, Shirone screamed briefly, but the shock was not delivered.
‘It’s a mother.’
Right before crashing into the sea, Ikael stopped, absorbing all inertia with his body.
It felt like Shirone’s sense of reality was filling the empty heart that had been pierced until now, but at that moment, an indescribable guilt tormented her.
“I’m sorry.”
It was Ikael’s first word.
“It’s not your fault.”
The conversation they share is still awkward, but the feelings in their words are sincere.
“no. I already killed you a long time ago, and even after I regained my memory, I ignored it. You don’t deserve to be a parent.”
I think it can’t be helped, but I understand the guilt she must be feeling.
“But I can’t go on like this forever. It’s good to let go of the past.”
Ikael shook his head resolutely.
“There is a heart that cannot be shaken off. Parents have children. Never mind. To see your face without guilt is even more terrifying.”
“great.”
Said Shirone, who was lost in thought.
“Come over here and have a seat.”
Ikael blinked at the unexpected words, but thought that even that could hurt him, so he quietly followed Shirone’s words.
“Can I do this?”
Shirone raised her hand after briefly looking down at Ikael, who bowed her head reverently.
A soft light like smoke flowed through her body and gathered in her hand, shining transparently.
‘This is my first step.’
Many thoughts ran through Shirone’s mind as she placed her palm on Ikael’s celestial body.
‘You are right.’
In a cold world, we can’t undo anything, and we’re just blocking endless pain.
That is why Nane wants all humans to realize the truth and break the chains of suffering.
‘but……
There was a god with a heart.
A ray of light, hope, the Messiah that God sent from outside the world after sacrificing himself.
Hexa.
‘If that’s me.’
I will deny the cold world to the end, embrace everyone’s anger in my heart, and say this.
“Ichael.”
I want to believe that it can be undone.
“I forgive you your sins.”
A great love without condition, reason, or ground permeated Ikael’s luminary body.
“ah??????
Ikael’s shoulders trembled.
It felt like the whole universe was reassuring her that it was okay and that you were safe from it.
‘I am truly a happy angel.’ The ultimate of the heart, the love of absolute fraternity
Because I was able to receive it from not one person, but two people.
“wake up.”
No more guilt remained in Ikael’s heart after the purification was over.
That was his heart, but because of that, Ikael felt sorry for Shirone.
“How could that be? Can you forgive everything for nothing, for no reason?”
“I don’t know.”
Shirone said honestly.
“Maybe it’s because I’m stronger. If so, is it hypocrisy? Maybe it’s just copying what Guffin taught us. But it doesn’t matter. The important thing is that you can do it.”
Unlike the law, the heart can be changed, and the world Shirone sees is such a place.
“As Nane said, reality is painful, and if it didn’t exist from the beginning, there would be no suffering… …
Didn’t they meet like this because they also existed?
“I believe there is still something here that is not enough for the universe to close.”
“is it so.”
Ikael was convinced.
“What do you want to do? I’ll help. I will fight for the world Shirone wants.”
It was her sincerity after the purification was over, so Shirone was no longer in trouble.
“If I were to tell you how right a human being can be, I would like to ask him this.”
Shirone looked up at the sky and said.
“Do you know how huge the human mind can become?” When Eruki arrived at Basuka, the aftermath of the shock had subsided to some extent and he was in a state of maintenance.
“Eruki.”
Shirone came out to meet him.
Seeing Shirone outside the door, whom he had been with in the carriage until an hour ago, made him feel strange.
“How is the atmosphere?”
“A little calmed down. It is neither good nor bad.”
Although the formidable enemy named Ymir was sealed, two of the Five Stars were killed and even Garcia, the commander of the Valkyrie Corps, was lost.
The two talked while walking to Crete, the capital of Tormia.
“What about the Allied damage?”
“It hasn’t been officially counted yet. There will be an announcement from the Army Command sooner or later.”
When Pony arrived at the royal castle, Amy and Nade ran and hugged the rookie.
“Eruki.”
In an atmosphere of mutual comfort, Shirone asked Minerva.
“How is Taeseong?”
“I haven’t woken up yet. of course. Because Gaia concentrated all her power on the five planets. Even if you stop this Mir with that, you’d better not expect any more help from Taeseong.”
A shadow fell over Shirone’s face.
“More than anything else, the Demon Realm is the problem. I’ve found most of the corps commander’s locations, but it’s not an easy task.”
Minerva noticed immediately.
‘Right. Shirone isn’t the only one here.’
Currently, Shirone is struggling in various parts of the world where the 12 Apostles first occupied.
‘What kind of experience are you having?’
He might be fighting the demon corps commander to the death, or he might be wiping away the tears of a child who lost his family.
‘Maybe it’s both’
It was impossible without the circuit of thought becoming something that transcends human beings.
If there is such a thing as a god, wouldn’t that god’s brain have a logical structure similar to Shirone’s?
Seeing Shirone smile, Minerva averted her gaze as if stabbed.
“Anyway, this is the reason Taeseong came to Baska. You can no longer be safe in the Demon Realm. That’s why he wanted to meet Rian in person.”
” me?”
Rian pointed at himself.
“Yes, you. The remnants of the demons still remain in numbers that cannot be ignored. Besides, the corps commanders who can open the Pandemonium are still alive and well. Perhaps it is because of the countermeasures against it.”
“Hmm.”
Just as Rian was thinking about the countermeasure, Gaold suddenly coughed up blood.
“Ouch! Kuck!”
It was only a handful of blood, but it was a pity that there seemed to be no more blood left to possess.
Minerva, who had been helping him until now, looked back at the maze and shot at him.
“Hey, you take it now. I’m fed up too.”
Miro looked at Gauld, who was coughing continuously while crouching on the floor, then turned around.
“joy.”
And as if he didn’t want to care, he walked to the corner and leaned back, and Kang Nan opened his eyes.
“That’s real!”
Sein put his hand on Gangnan’s shoulder.
“it’s okay. we do.”
As Sain put Gaold’s arm on his shoulder, Gangnan came to the other side and stood up.
“Get some rest. I’ll take you to Zulu’s room.”
Currently, Zulu was also attacked by Ymir and was in a state of life and death.
Gaold did not look up until he left the hall, shuffling his legs to the door.
Miro, who had been following the figure with a cold gaze, spat out nervously as the door closed.
“It’s disgusting, really.”
From the moment she reached the immaculate image of the omniscient projection, Gaold’s pain could not shock her.
‘It’s over now. No matter how obsessed you are with me, only you will suffer.’
I was just angry.
“I’ll go in and rest. Let’s break up today, let’s talk more about it tomorrow.”
Even now, all parts of the world are going back urgently, but no one disagreed.
‘Asmodian War, Assassination of Havitz, Collapse of Flower Garden, Elemental Bomb, Army of Heaven, Seal of Ymir… …
I couldn’t believe that all of this happened in just one day.
‘ I’m tired.’
Everyone’s eyes widened.
In an area 13 miles (21 km) north of Baska, the corpses of Allied soldiers were stirred.
Following the sound of stone chewing, the corpse turned over and Paimon emerged from the ground.
“Turn it off!”
Out of his throat, dirt mixed with mucus spewed out like a fountain, endlessly.
“Haha! Haha!”
Her face as she shook her neck and tried to free her body from the ground was nowhere to be found. Her eyes were gone, her nose was swollen, and her only moving organ was her jaw joint.
“Kaak! Kaak!”
Still, since he was the best longevity of the demons, when he shook his head without stopping, his body began to come out.
Soil flowed down the belly, which had swelled more than 100 times its original size.
“done. it’s okay.”
The moment she was hit directly by Shirone’s agape, she was the one who moved the furthest in the regular eating out van.
The place where he arrived by mobilizing all his momentum was the 120 meters underground.
As soon as it melted into the light, it seemed that it instinctively moved to a space where it could avoid the light.
Actually I don’t remember very well.
“Damn Yahweh!”
If demons also came from the human heart, Shirone’s philanthropy has the power to purify the extreme emotions that characterize demons into the most stable state.
‘Definitely fatal.’
She was left with only a torso, no limbs, and her stomach was about to explode from digging up soil.
“Kwuq! Kww!”
He vomited up dirt several times, but it seemed more convenient to tear the belly skin apart.
“Whoops.”
When he got a little older, Paimon laughed madly at the night sky.
lived anyway
“I won! Yahweh!”
There was a setback in the plan, but sooner or later, the commanders of the corps scattered across each continent will open the Pandemonium.
“We won.”
As her body began to rot, it began to degenerate into a huge hospital.
The disease that started here will flow to the southwest on the wind, eventually infecting the whole world.
“It is Satan.”
She melted away, gauging the moonlight with her thick eyelids.
“Lead the whole world into despair.”
Paimon’s corpse was scattered like smoke and flew to Baska as a shapeless reaper.
The name of the disease is Emotional Disease (or Emotion scale).
It was an unprecedented catastrophe that triggered a terrible tragedy by acting on certain conditions in the brain.

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 975 - Pandemonium Hell⑵.txt
===============================
Demon World Hell⑵
The moon had risen, but the heat still remained in the place where the four archangels fought.
The largest trace was a huge groove that stretched over 10 kilometers in three different directions.
And from those three directions, Satiel, Uriel, and Rayel walked almost simultaneously.
The three archangels we met in the center were silent for a long time.
It was Yuriel who spoke first.
“… … You left.”
Satiel’s fist flew, and Ray El quickly grabbed her by the wrist.
“Calm down.”
“Let go.”
Satiel said while fixing her eyes on Yuriel.
“I’m serious. You’d better let it go. Otherwise, you will be destroyed by me first.”
Uriel said into the air.
“There’s nothing worse than finding the reason for your defeat in someone else.”
“Look for someone else?”
Shaking off Rayel’s hand, Satiel approached.
“You are not doing your best! Do you know that I don’t know? Do you intend to betray Heaven too?”
Uriel remained silent.
When Satiel held out his hand, the Nostalgia of the Judicial Halo began to spin at a terrifying speed.
“I will disassemble it.”
The moment he was about to launch an attack, Uriel said.
“Is Ikael… …
Her fingers twitched, and Uriel stared straight into Satiel’s eyes.
“Why did you leave us?”
said Leil.
“You must have chosen blood before heaven.”
It was only after he had said it out of his mouth that he realized how bizarre the situation was.
‘I see. This is really strange. Angels, and even the archangel, have human children.’
said Uriel.
“I am not talking sentimental. The fact that Ikael chose Hexa means that he abandoned Heaven of his own will.”
Satiel felt the limits of her patience.
“So what? That’s why you’re so angry right now. What do you want to say?”
“Rather than what I want to say, I never thought I could do that. That an angel could betray Heaven.”
Rael asked.
“So you just sent it? only… … Because you don’t understand?”
“I will fight Ikael.”
Uriel turned around.
“But from now on, it is my fight, not heaven. Only my will will define this war.”
Satiel didn’t understand, but Ray El thought it was a natural result.
‘Uriel… …
Although his actions are heavy and he is clumsy in expressing his opinions, it seems that Ikael always did what he wanted.
‘The one who felt the greatest deprivation might not be Satiel, but Yuriel.’
No, maybe even myself.
‘Uriel has left. The remaining archangels are me and Satiel. If that’s the case, then I…’
To be honest, neither Rayel nor Ikael wanted to choose anything from the moment they left.
‘That kind of existence, Ikael.’
It was the only direction in a world without direction, and the only meaning to an angel who did not know the meaning of existence.
“You go away too.”
Satiel spat.
“I don’t need a conflicting archangel. And you don’t want to be with me anyway, do you?”
Rayel, who was staring at Satiel, turned away without saying anything.
Satiel gnashed his teeth as he watched Rayel disappear into the darkness.
“Are those things angels?”
The asteroid began to turn red again.
“What an archangel! What is the noblest being in the universe! After all, you just envy humans!”
Her twin Mara Gallio reached out.
“Satiel! You must preserve the asteroid… …
“Ichael! Ichael! Ichael!”
Red tears welled up in Satiel’s eyes.
“Why is it always Ikael? What’s different about me! Ikael forgives no matter what he does, so why can’t I!”
Looking back, I wondered if there was anyone in the world who received universal love as much as Ekael.
“From now on, I am the archangel.”
Wiping away tears with her arms, she declared.
“Listen to the entire army! I will punish Ikael for betraying Heaven! I am the noblest angel, and I am the only one who can uphold Anchera’s will!”
Her voice boomed, but all that came back was an empty echo.
“Ikael will annihilate all the humans he loves! I will set the law straight!”
Galio felt miserable as he saw his master burst into a cry close to screaming.
‘No matter how much I shout… … ;;
Her voice couldn’t shake the world like Ikael’s.
After washing herself at the inn, Shirone walked down the hallway to Amy’s room.
It was past midnight, but judging by the presence of people in the doorway, it seemed that other people could not fall asleep easily either.
“Amy.”
Hearing a knock, Amy came out and led me into the room with a smile on her face.
“come in.”
Shirone guessed the deep sadness behind her smile.
“I came because I was worried.”
“are you okay.”
To her, Garcia was both a teacher and a benefactor who made the most of her life.
“I’m sad, but I won’t cry. I promised so much. I don’t want anyone to cry when I die.”
She also seemed to sense that the war was not over yet.
“I met your mother.”
It was broad daylight on the other side of the planet, and incidents were happening all over the world, but this was the only story Shirone could tell with pleasure.
“really? Are you talking about your mother? If so, maybe… …
“Yes, it is Ikael. It’s a bit awkward now, but it’ll get better with time. I will introduce you too.”
Amy was delighted with her work.
“of course. What happened?”
The two sat side by side on the bed and talked about everything they had experienced so far.
Amy was cautious when talking about Nane, but Shirone understood.
“I think it might have been. Because I also came here through Nane’s philosophy.”
“I still feel bad. I was honestly shaken. Not me, but what you suggest. Yudo, who brought up this story, felt like he was committing a crime against you… …
“huh. I did too. I left you and your friends for the sake of humanity. That’s right, Amy.”
Shirone put his hand on Amy’s shoulder.
“What is hard for me is hard for you. That’s the heart, and now you know.”
Ultima might not be that far away, Amy suddenly thought.
“Shirone.”
As moisture seeped into Amy’s voice, Shirone turned to face her.
Her hair, which had been burned by the fire, was short, but it couldn’t change Amy.
The silence lengthened, and the lengthened time seemed to push the two people’s faces from behind.
Just before our lips met, the door slammed open.
“Amy, what are you doing… … what?”
The faces of the two people who dropped their bodies excitedly at Tess’s voice went red even to their ears.
Tess laughed bashfully.
“Shirone was there too. Did I interrupt you?”
“Haha, no.”
While Shirone waved her hand, Amy glared at Tess mischievously.
“You know, what do you ask?”
He probably wasn’t so ignorant that he didn’t know that he was with Shirone.
I watched Amy’s reaction cutely
Tess pointed out the door with a big smile.
“come out. Let’s drink.”
“this time? Are not you tired?”
“All troops, excluding the wounded, will gather at the cafeteria, Nade said. It’s been a while since we’ve gathered, but we should at least say welcome. Because Rian doesn’t know the magic school friends well. Me too.”
“Ah, yes.”
He is friendly with everyone in Sironeya, but among his friends, there were some people who didn’t communicate with each other.
“Okay, let’s go.”
Heading to the restaurant, the noise echoed in the hallway even before we arrived.
“uh? Shirone, Shirone!”
Nade, who had finished two beers, stood up while chewing on meat, and his smile was convex.
“Ooh, are you two coming together? Look, did I say that? I’m sure you’ll be together.”
As Amy’s eyes tightened as she found the ringleader, Nade held her belly button and laughed.
Dorothy brought drinks and food.
“thank you.”
If Shirone hadn’t come, this rookie might not exist in reality by now.
“Thank you. We fought together.” Drinking in a friendly atmosphere
I was upset, and blush bloomed on everyone’s faces.
However, while each of them shared their stories of heroism, Rian sipped his drink alone with a smile on his face.
“nice to meet.”
Eruki spoke to Rian, who was sitting next to him.
“I heard a lot about you from Shirone. Although, of course, I knew it through hundreds of reports. Let’s be friendly.”
When Rian’s beer glass was empty, Eruki held out the bottle and held it out.
While everyone watched happily, Rian politely held the glass with both hands and held it out.
An awkward silence continued for a while, and the rookie stared at Rian as if he hadn’t expected it.
Tess frowned and shook her head.
‘Ugh, that stuffy guy.’
Shirone’s friend.
Since Rian was a friend of the lord, he thought that he couldn’t do anything recklessly.
“Greetings. My name is Rian, the knight of Shirone. I wish you well in the future.”
said Amy.
“Hey, Rian. You don’t have to go that far. They’re all friends, and they’re all about the same age.”
“Sorry if I broke the mood. But I can’t be the first to commit rudeness.”
Shirone gave a friendly smile.
‘I’m still nervous.’
The reason for borrowing the spirit of alcohol to talk about saga is to blow off the stress of battle.
But Rian is different.
Under the circumstances protecting Shirone, he would never let go of his heart.
Such a friend was dependable and trustworthy, but as expected, Shirone was also cautious about playing when he was playing.
“Yes, Rian. I hope you are comfortable. Anyway, we will fight as a team.”
Only then did Rian take the glass with one hand.
“Good good! Let’s drink until our nose gets crooked today. Let’s toast. Cheers!”
After another round of rounds, the topic of the table shifted to the Ultima system.
Eruki asked.
“What are you going to do? Honestly, the only breakthrough is the Ultima system, but is it really possible?”
to unite the human spirit.
“I have a few alternatives in mind. If Mr. Miro comes tomorrow, I want to discuss it with you.”
Amy was startled.
“Is there an alternative?”
Aside from the solution, the very fact that there is an alternative came as a shock.
“huh. It’s not perfect, of course.”
“for example?”
When Tess, who was blowing on the bottle, asked, Shirone thought for a moment before standing up.
“Then let’s try it here.” While everyone stopped chatting and looked on, Shirone put his hands together and closed his eyes.
The light spread between the palms, and finally became a transparent glow and blazed.
“Miracle Stream? suddenly what… … ?” With her arms wide open, you turned to everyone and said with playful eyes.
“Your sins?????
The light emanating from both palms filled the dining room.
“Sahanora.”
“ah??????
The thrilling time comes, and by the time 10 more minutes have passed since then, at the restaurant
“Uhhhh!”
Nade was pouring out a loud cry.
“sorry. How can love like this exist in the world? I don’t even know… … I will live kindly. Aaaah!”
Eruki shouted as if tired.
“Oh, stop crying! What sins did you commit so many times in your life that your tears won’t stop?”
It’s probably a one-day affair with a brain god.
“This bastard! You cried too! And who was it that weaved at me in the temple? You are the crybaby!”
“… … The words of living a good life are all lies
Guman.”
Shirone agreed.
“Haha, it’s not that easy. However, the light of agape purifies the human heart. Why this is important will be discussed at a formal meeting tomorrow, but it will help build an integrated mental system.”
Dorothy asked.
“But isn’t your opinion too technical? I was so moved and satisfied.”
Shirone smiled.
“Because the situation is the situation. It’s not like I wish it was like this. You must succeed. After tomorrow’s meeting, I will go on a pilgrimage to various parts of the world to spread this light.”
“A pilgrimage?”
Nade’s and Eruki’s eyes lit up at the same time.

=============XXXXX=============

