===============================
Chapter - 876 - Obituary (3).txt
===============================
obituary (3)
After the 4-hour speaker training, the students were exhausted.
Among those who showed signs of exhaustion and gasped for breath were Mark and Maria, who were friends with Sirone.
“long time no see.”
As Sirone approached with a smile, Mark forgot about his hardship and jumped up.
“Seniors! I really didn’t expect you to come.”
Although the time they met was short, Mark and Maria were also the ones who took the graduation exam with Fishaw.
“huh. You heard it too.”
“yes. She didn’t show it, but Mark, who was watching her friends, blushed and said as if he had suddenly thought of it.
“I’m sorry, senior. I wanted to catch up quickly, but I’m still in my senior year.”
It’s not something you can do with just a will.
Shirone had already graduated, so it was a shame, but thinking back to that time, it was just dizzying how she managed to do it.
“are you okay. You are moving.”
Mark was also proud of that.
“Sure. I will never give up.”
As the students left for lunch, Sirone and the others chatted with the teachers in the office.
“uh? By the way, what about Miss Etella?” She was not seen during class, and even the desk in her office was missing.
“Teacher Ethella… …
Shiina chose her words carefully.
“You left school.”
“You left? Where?”
“that is??????
Shiina chose her words again, but she couldn’t find any words to explain to Sirone.
Alpheas turned around.
“Okay, where are you going now? There are three days until Fishaw’s funeral, so I should go home.”
“My parents are living with the Ogent family. I plan to stay there too.”
As she spoke, Sirone also realized.
‘There’s no Lian.’
There was no one to defend Guy’s death, not even his parents.
‘It’s better.’
In order to raise your mind again, you should not hide behind someone else’s back.
After a short meeting, Sirone and the others left Alpheas Magic School.
Since we will meet again at the funeral home, we decided to ask about Etella at that time.
Amy asked in the Noble Quarter.
“I’m going to my parents’ house, would you like to go with Maya? You have no place to stay anyway.”
“are you okay. You can sleep in the hotel.” Sirone is extremely dry.
“no. I’m famous. Besides, the agency
Aren’t there people?”
Palmers was coming down through a different route by requesting a move to the army separately.
“Don’t do that, let’s go together. Is it because you are uncomfortable with me?”
“No, not at all!”
Maya jumped up and denied it, but it was true that it was not a comfortable place for a human being.
“Then how about going to Ogent?”
“Oh, no… … That too.”
This time, Maya shook her hand, but it looked much more hesitant than the first time.
“Just let me stay at the hotel. You’ll sleep in a nice place, so you won’t need bodyguards.”
Sirone also thought it would be a place where Maya would be most comfortable.
“okay. Then see you in three days.”
“huh. How are you all?”
Taking care of Amy, Maya left first and headed to the lodging facility.
“ha.”
It was regretful to part with Sirone, but honestly, I felt much more at peace now.
‘How long will it be like this.’
Both Sirone and Amy had personalities that couldn’t hurt others, so being caught in the middle was even more miserable.
‘Should I meet someone else?’
I heard the saying that you should forget the scars of trials as a new person.
However, if it were easier said than done, no one in the world would suffer from love fever.
‘A man more wonderful than Sirone… …
I couldn’t think of what it was, and Maya shook her head in frustration.
‘I don’t know. It’s bad to think like this before a friend’s funeral.’
Although it was a luxury hotel, it was a four-story building because it was not as populated as the capital city.
The popularity of Maya in Tormia was far superior to that of other countries, so noble youth recognized her.
“Hey, over there! Right?”
“uh? I guess that’s right! It’s the first time I’ve seen it up close like this. What’s wrong with Creas?”
“I know. It looks like you came alone.”
As Maya, who had rented a room on the 4th floor, went up the central staircase, the young men met their eyes.
“Shall we ask to play together?” It was worth the bottom line.
Cross family’s training room. In the narrow stone chamber barely fit for a desk, Cayden was sitting cross-legged.
“The Fate of the Red Cross.”
After leaving the magic school and returning to his hometown, he only spent time in the training room.
“Kaden, it’s time to leave.”
Cayden’s father opened the door and came in.
He sighed as he turned his gaze to the portrait of Maya clinging tightly to the stone chamber.
‘How long… …
At first I asked who it was, but Cayden said nothing.
However, as time passed, I learned that the person in the portrait was Maya, a world-famous singer.
‘How old are you, fell for Yein?’
Caden opened his mouth.
“I’ll leave in one more hour.”
“Honey, at least you shouldn’t be late for your classmate’s funeral. How long are you going to live like this?”
the world is confused
Even when the representative lineage of Tormia, the Cross family, has to step in, the enemy is crazy about singers.
“Tell me something. Even when she left magic school, she didn’t say anything. But what is it? I don’t practice, and every day I lock myself in and draw.”
“You don’t need to practice, Father.”
Since the name Cayden is worth it, my father asked with expectant eyes.
“… … Have you attained enlightenment?”
“I don’t even need enlightenment.”
“Then what! What the hell did you do by locking yourself in here for so long!”
“I am accepting it.”
As golden energy radiated from Cayden’s body, his father took a step back.
“This, this… …
Red Cross of Sacrifice.
From the start, what Caden needed wasn’t bloody training or extreme enlightenment.
“I will accept my fate.” give up maya
If that was possible, the Red Cross would elevate Cayden to the greatest of all time.
* ? ?
Upon arriving at the Ogent family, Sirone burst into tears at the reunion with her parents.
Bischoff, the head of the household, and Reina, who had just come down to the family home, were watching them happily.
However, the impression was short-lived, and Sirone’s face soon turned cold as she was far from her parents.
“I have something to tell you.”
“okay. There are many things we want to hear.” Bischoff sat down at the table of honor and offered a seat, but Sirone knelt down on the cold floor.
Rayna stood up again.
“Sirone? what are you doing? Why are you doing that?”
“for a moment… … Please listen to me.”
Reina sat down again at Sirone’s serious tone, and the conversation began.
He spoke calmly, but honestly.
From the time I first met Gai, to the incident where Yahweh’s anger was revealed.
“My older brother…
Guy is dead.
Vincent and Olina buried their faces in their hands, and Reina’s staggering knees bent.
“brother Brother……
In the end, Raina couldn’t stand it and cried.
burst
Even in the pain of stabbing her heart with a dagger, Sirone just looked down at the ground.
“It was I who killed Guy.”
When Sirone once again stated the facts, Bischoff was the first to speak.
There was a rage that could not be concealed.
“Do you know Ryan?”
“yes.”
“What did he say?”
“It has nothing to do with Ryan.”
Sirone was adamant, and it was clear to Bischoff what Lian would have done.
‘It’s not Sirone’s fault.’
Everyone would think so, but from Bischoff’s point of view, his son was dead.
“Guy has betrayed humanity. You ruined the family’s honor. No one in the world will blame you.”
“That’s why I came here.”
Bischoff stood up.
“I guess so. Are you my son’s enemy? so… … What are you going to do now’?”
Reina, who had been sobbing, widened her eyes when she saw Bischoff pulling out a sword.
“Dad, what are you doing?” As the blade approached Sirone, Vincent and Olina’s faces turned pale.
“Go, my lord… …
Vincent spoke in a trembling voice, but Bischoff’s life was not disturbed.
“Why is that? My child is dead, so you mean to forgive Mr. Vincent’s child?”
“That, that… …
Vincent kept his mouth shut.
If the dead person had been Si Lorne rather than Guy, would he have been able to forgive the Ogent family?
“Let me ask you something.” Sirone raised her head with the knife hanging from her throat.
“Yes, please.”
“really… … Were you really helpless? i know how strong you are Can you be sure there was no other option but to kill?”
“no.”
Bischoff’s face contorted.
“Choose your words carefully.”
Sirone thought again.
“I have already thought about it countless times. The answer is the same. If I had been a little better in my judgment, Guy would not have died.”
“ha.”
Bischoff, who drew his sword, returned to his seat.
“Why don’t you make excuses? You know I need a reason to forgive you Do you want to become an enemy? Even so, we have no power to kill you.”
“I don’t know.”
Sirone said honestly.
“What am I supposed to do. I just thought I would get the answer if I came here.”
Because it’s not an answer you can find on your own.
“good.”
Bischoff said.
“Even if I forgive you, nothing will change. It’s a matter of emotion. And emotions take time.”
I could understand.
No, just being able to suppress his emotions to this extent made Bischoff a superhuman.
“There is one condition.”
The ethos of the big sword is not cowardly, so Sirone nodded her head obediently.
“yes. I will follow whatever.”
“Forget it. I allow it. At least until this war is over, don’t mind the things about Gai.”
“My lord… …
“Not for you. Because from now on you will have to show that my son’s death was not in vain.” Tears ran down Sirone’s cheeks.
“thank you. thank you.”
I finally realized why I thought that the Ogent family would have answers.
There was dignity here.
“Then let’s go.”
As Sirone prepared to leave, Vincent and Olina followed suit.
“Head of the household, then we too… … Rayna came out.
“Dad, I mean, what if I send it for real? Sirone’s parents are also in trouble.”
Not accepting Sirone was a form of punishment, but there was no need to complicate the situation.
Bischoff, who had been staring at Reina, stood up as if he had made up his mind.
“Okay, go out and come back. I also need to inform you of Guy’s obituary. Sirone, follow me too.”
Rayna asked.
“Are you going out together? two people?” Bischoff, ignoring his daughter’s words, turned to Sirone and said,
“Are you drinking?”

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 877 - Obituary (4).txt
===============================
obituary (4)
“who are you?”
Maya approached the door and cautiously asked outside.
“Ah, there… … therefore.”
I heard a man’s voice, and from the way he spoke, he seemed very nervous.
‘Who is it?’
She is also a graduate of a prestigious magic school, but Falmus always warned her to be vigilant.
Especially if you are alone in a hotel.
“sorry. I have no words to explain. Should I say I saw it by chance? anyway… …
As the man spoke gibberish, another voice was heard.
“Idiot, get out of the way.”
Hmmmm, he said after clearing his throat with a clearing of his throat.
“We are fans of Maya. I happened to see it… … Could I get an autograph?”
Normally, he would be happy to sign this under Falmouth’s observation, but it was difficult now.
“I’m sorry… …
Maya, who was about to politely decline, stopped talking.
‘I can’t live like this.’
Rather than expecting something in particular, I wanted to blow a new wind in my heart.
“Wait a minute.”
When Maya, wearing a coat, quietly opened the door, two men of the same age stepped back.
“Wow, the real Maya.”
Even if you watched the performance from the VIP seats, you couldn’t see her face this close.
‘It’s an unrealistic face.’ Her aura of the object of her admiration elevated her from a mere human to a deity.
“hello! I am a fan!”
When she didn’t appear to be a bad person, Maya unlocked the lock and opened the door completely.
“yes. nice to meet you. excuse me… … What is the cause of death?” It was a rushed word, so I wasn’t ready to get an autograph.
The improvised man turned his friend around and slapped him on the back.
“Please do it here. I will never wash it and keep it!”
Laughter broke out.
Maya, who had signed the two, closed the pen cap and held the doorknob.
“Then proceed carefully.”
“Oh, over there!”
The man who hurriedly reached out his hand, realized that it was rude, and scratched his head with the returned hand.
“If you haven’t eaten, would you like to join us? As for the signature, we want to treat you.”
“yes? meal?”
“Ah, if you feel uncomfortable, you can refuse. It was just so dreamy that Maya’s eyes filled with sadness as she watched the man anxiously waiting for an answer.
‘Sirone… …
If the person standing now, the person who goes back and forth between heaven and hell with just one word of his own, was Sirone.
‘I’m so happy that I couldn’t even say a word.’
But since that wouldn’t happen, it was just a delusion in my head, as always.
‘I have to get out now.’
When there was no answer from Maya for a long time, the man who understood it as a refusal lowered his head.
“sorry. say something… …
Maya said with a smile.
“no. It’s fate that we met like this, but we eat together. It just happened that I was hungry.”
“yes’?”
The man’s face went blank because he thought there was a 99% chance of being rejected from the start.
“Jung, are you serious?”
Maya hurriedly blocked herself from attempting to apply sirone to the man’s face again.
“Why would you lie? And how about eating?”
“But Mr. Maya is a celebrity and… …
“haha! Are celebrities not hungry? song. Please buy me something delicious instead.” Are you watching, Sirone?
‘I’m popular too. All these wonderful noble men die in a blink of an eye at my words.’
a bit of pity.
“yes! Then I will serve you with the highest quality!”
And with a glimmer of hope that she might be able to forget Sirone, Maya left the hotel.
Sirone and Bischoff sat face-to-face at a bar 200 meters away from Maya’s hotel.
“How much do you drink?” With meat snacks cut into appropriate sizes in front of him, Bischoff poured a drink into his own glass.
“I don’t drink much.”
If we were talking about the limits of what the mind could endure, Sirone’s drinking capacity would be infinite.
“okay.”
When Bischoff raised his glass with a bitter smile, Sirone toasted with both hands.
Looking down at the glass, Sirone said.
“Holy Head, Gai’s job… …
“There is no need for that.”
We met up for a drink just to get some comfort
it wasn’t anything
“How is it? I mean Guy disappointing
I hope it’s not at the level of luck, but I wanted to know how far the eldest son of the Ogent family had gone against the Infinite Wizard.
“It was strong.”
Sirone was able to assert.
“There was not an inch of hesitation in perpetuating one’s convictions in spirit as well as sword skills.”
“okay.”
Bischoff recalled Guy.
“Wrong, Sirone. Guy was weak. So he died.” Sirone took a sip of his drink without saying a word.
“Fight and win, survive, if only that is strong, there is no strong person in the world. humans are weak He will die even if he is struck by lightning.”
“It must have been a mistake. Everyone makes mistakes.”
“There is no room for excuses. If he was really strong, he wouldn’t be obsessed with visible strength. He was eaten by fear. He lost to both you and Rihanna.”
Bischoff looked out the window.
“… … There must have been something he had to shoulder as the eldest son of the Ogent family. It seems that the load was heavier than expected. My responsibility is great.”
He couldn’t see his face because he turned his head away, but Sirone thought Bischoff was crying.
The atmosphere was heavy but not hopeless, and alcohol was circulating in memory of Guy.
As the sun went down, Bischoff stood up.
“Go in first. Reina must have a lot on her mind too. Could you give me a day or so?”
“Yes, of course. I will go in tomorrow.”
“I don’t do the math.”
Shortly after Bischoff left the bar, Sirone also stood up.
‘It’s difficult.’
As I was walking down the street, organizing my thoughts, I saw people snooping through the windows of the bar.
“Isn’t he just a lookalike?”
“Does that look alike? The real Maya.”
Sirone’s steps stopped.
“Maya?”
“There was such a story. Somehow, the lyrics touched my heart from the first time I heard it.”
“No, not particularly well-written lyrics… …
Maya hurriedly shook her hand.
“You don’t have to be humble. Because truth prevails. After hearing about it, I became a fan even more.”
Among the two fans who came to the hotel, a man named Mason poured a drink into Maya’s glass.
“Anyway, I can’t believe it’s unrequited love. It’s frustrating for me to hear.”
Mason’s friend, Tito, helped.
“that’s right. People who said they like Maya lined up. Have you received many confessions?”
“A confession? No, not really… … Suddenly a man came to mind.
‘Kayden.’
Sometimes when life is hard, when I look back on my graduation exam, there was always a question that followed.
‘Why did I give up on the exam?’
At first I thought I was lucky.
However, what I learned from experiencing society is that such absurd incidents do not exist.
‘He’s a strong enough person to be a member of the Golden Wheel. obviously gave up And I passed.’
Maybe there was an obvious reason.
‘Am I living well?’
If I met him at Fishaw’s funeral, I would definitely want to ask him about the day.
“that’s right.”
Maya said with a smile.
“I forgot everything now. What do you know about such a man Now I want to meet someone new.”
said Mason, showing his temper.
“haha! Good idea. Now then, toast to Maya-san’s new love!”
“great! Cheers!”
Tito, who had been watching Mason who was excited and at a loss for what to do, got up with a smile.
“I have to stop and see.”
“uh? Are you going already?”
“I forgot I had an appointment with my girlfriend. I’m sorry, Maya. Let’s have another drink together next time.”
Mason was on the verge of tears.
‘Thank you, friend.’
Tito winked.
“Maya-san, I will escort you well. See you next.”
After paying for the drink and opening the door, Sirone passed by Tito.
‘Is it okay to drink like that?’
Watching the table from afar, there were already many bottles of alcohol.
“Maya, have you been here?” As Sirone approached the table, Maya’s smiling face immediately hardened.
“Sir, Sirone.”
It felt like a sin.
“Because I see you on the way. Who is this?”
Seizing the mood, Mason stood up and offered a handshake.
“I am a fan of Maya. I like him so much that I treat him like this.”
“Nice to meet you. I am a school friend.”
“Aha, I see.”
Mason realized at once, and as expected, a shadow fell over Maya’s face.
‘Yes, he’s a school friend.’ That was just about it.
“Do you want to go back? I will look forward to it.”
Anyway, Maya was a famous artist, and the glances from outside the window were also bothering her.
“why?”
Unlike usual, it was a cold tone.
“Why do you want me? I’m having fun right now Don’t worry, go first.”
“No, because I am worried… …
“So what are you worried about? I wasn’t caught by the bad guys, and I can’t even drink on my own?”
“Because you drink too much.” Power entered Maya’s eyes.
“Don’t look at me funny. I am also an official wizard who passed the graduation exam. I don’t want to interfere with things like this.”
Shirone, who was lost in thought, nodded.
“okay. Enter carefully.”
When Sirone left, Mason sat down, watching Maya notice.
“Are you okay?”
Maya gulped down her drink and smiled coolly.
“I did it! Did I just do well? I finally blew it. Aww, I feel refreshed inside.”
“If it’s Maya-san, it’s good.
But are you really going to be okay?”
“yes! Let’s drink more!”
After drinking until midnight, Maya arrived at the hotel with Mason’s support.
“Maya-san, wake up. Your leg is loose.”
“are you okay. that wizard Do you know Spirit Zone? If you just concentrate, you’ll wake up from this kind of alcohol in no time.”
I just didn’t want to break it.
“Mr. Mason, would you like to come in and have another drink?”
“yes? no, that’s… …
Maya stared at Mason.
“I don’t want to be alone. go crazy
I think it will.”
Mason, who had not moved for a while, gritted his teeth again and led Maya.
“Once you go up. The lobby is full of people.”
Climbing the stairs and arriving at Maya’s room, he released the support and exhaled heavily.
“Whoa. Maya, where are the keys?”
“Black. Black.”
Maya’s shoulders trembled as she leaned against the door.
“Forget it…
When Mason turned around, Maya’s face was wet with tears.
“There’s no way I can forget it!” “Mr. Maya… …
Sirone was listening from behind the wall to the sorrowful cries echoing through the hallway.
Mason found the key, opened Maya’s room, and returned it.
“Go in, Maya. I will stop too.”
Maya hurriedly wiped away her tears.
“Oh, sorry. I am… …
“It may be off topic, but there is something I want to say.”
As Maya looked up with wet eyes, Mason smiled.
“Unrequited love is also love. If forgetting is harder than the pain of watching from a distance, don’t bother trying.”
“Mr. Mason.”
“cheer up. I will always support you.”
He clenched his fist in front of Maya’s eyes and left without looking back.
“ha.”
When I went outside, the spring breeze was cold.
“After all, is it this time again?”
Tito was standing in front of the hotel.
“You didn’t go?”
“I’ve been here for a while. Has this happened once or twice? That’s why you’re living alone for the rest of your life.”
“stop. Because I feel like I’m going to go crazy because I regret it.”
“Cheuk, you will regret it for the rest of your life.”
“still… … Will you remember?”
Mason, who was looking up at the hotel, said proudly.
“Because I wasn’t embarrassed. To be honest, I was very cool. Can you imagine?”
Tito laughed and punched Mason in the back of the head.
“Let’s go get a drink.”
someday spring will come

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 878 - Biological Program(1).txt
===============================
Biology Program (1)
Tormia Kingdom.
An unnamed village in the San Ferros region.
“hurry! Please go faster!”
A wagon was speeding along a steep mountain road at terrifying speed.
The exterior was sleek considering only mobility, and behind it was a wagon containing medical equipment.
A wagon wheel got caught on a rock and bounced off, and the medical staff riding inside pressed against the wall.
“The road is too rough! Going at this speed… … !”
Before the coachman could finish talking, Seriel pulled back the curtains and came out of the cabin.
“are you okay! Please go at full speed!”
The coachman gritted his teeth and swung the reins, and finally saw a shabby village over the mountain road.
It belongs to the kingdom of Tormia, so it is not without a name, but the current village was completely closed.
An unknown disease reported three days ago caused the inhabitants to mutate, and that was what Seriel was looking for.
“Im here!”
The door opened with a bang, and a gray-haired man and Seriel jumped down as if they were about to jump into the water.
Following that, World Health Organization medical staff hurriedly began to gather medical equipment.
The head of the Molecular Biology Department, Tenos, was a curly-haired man with gray hair.
“Who is the mutant?”
Soldiers in antibacterial suits were guarding the entrance.
“All have died, and now there is only one left. But it is not in very good condition.”
“Move!”
As the soldiers pushed through, the medical officers shouted.
“It’s not possible! Unreasonable entry in a state where epidemiological investigations have not been conducted properly… …
“Seriel! Follow me!”
“yes!”
After receiving an equipment bag from the medical team, Seriel followed Tenos into the village.
“What should I do? If this becomes contagious… …
Commander gave instructions.
“damn! Once the entrance is sealed. Any escaped residents will be shot and killed!”
As the troops reloaded their bows, medical staff from the World Health Organization followed one after another.
The village of 300 houses was littered with corpses, and the eyes of the survivors were filled with fear.
“Help me! Please let go!” As if they had escaped from the swamp of hell, people reached out their hands towards Seriel.
But she went deep into the village without even blinking.
There were also bodies piled up there.
‘The range of variation is larger than expected.’
Can you really call that a person?
There were not only those whose arms and legs were changed to those of insects, but also corpses whose bodies were imitated as animals.
“exaggeration! Seriel!”
Suddenly coming to her senses, she looked back at the cabin where the manager’s voice had been heard.
“yes!”
Upon entering, a pale-skinned, invisible man was tied to the bed.
“Big! Aagh!”
His eyes were unfocused as if he had already lost his reason, but only the fear remained.
“It’s still before the transformation! Extract it!” The medics ripped off all of the man’s clothes, and Seriel climbed on top of him.
“Kuaaa! Aagh!”
I killed the struggle by squeezing the stomach with both hands, and quickly examined the man’s body.
‘Where are you? where are you?’
The point at which the parasite mutates the host’s body does not deviate from the radius of 20 cm from the initial injection organ.
‘found!’
Seriel’s eyes widened when she found the injection wound on the man’s chest.
‘damn! It’s the heart!’
It was a systemic mutation with a high probability.
“Scalpel!”
The moment the medical staff gave him a scalpel, the man’s upper body shook more violently.
“Ouch! live, live… … !”
A human language that makes the mogol soft.
Seriel bit her lip and mercilessly cut the man’s chest with a scalpel.
“Quaaaaaa!”
As the blood gushed out, a red dot appeared on Seriel’s face as if it had been scorched with a brush.
She didn’t close her eyes, but luckily the blood didn’t get on her eyeballs.
However, it is not yet known how the parasite infects other organisms.
OOOOI” Sheriel, who put her hand into the man’s heart, felt something different and pulled it out.
The cytoplasm, soft like a lump of cancer, was wriggling wildly as if it were alive.
“extracting!”
When the parasite was thrown into a metal box taken out by medical staff, the cell stems spread out like beards.
‘It’s almost instinct.’
The moment they confirmed that, the medical staff closed the box, and Seriel hurriedly performed first aid.
“I will cast a recovery spell.”
Tenos nodded and locked the box.
“please! please!”
The World Health Organization has a reputation for Seriel’s recovery magic, but all he can do is hurt.
The man, whose energy had already been drained by the parasite, looked up at Seriel and moved his lips.
“Good, sir… …
“Do not speak. Recovery is the priority now.”
“… … I had a dream.”
The man had an expression of accepting death, and as far as Seriel knew, such a case belonged to a unique case.
“My body felt like it was on fire, but the pain suddenly disappeared. Are you a teacher?”
“It must be thanks to the extraction of parasites. I can live. Calm down a little more.”
“The light pulled me in, and my eyes opened.”
The man recalled a dream.
“Nice scent and comfortable feel. These are things a poor person like me will never feel.”
Seriel didn’t stop.
‘This man too… …
There was something in common in the reports of mutations collected from all over the world.
“At that time, a thought popped into my head. oh i’m rich It’s something you’ve been dreaming about.”
Tears ran down the man’s cheeks.
“But the truth is, it was a dream. Yes, I am a poor man.”
“What did you see in the dream?”
He was still casting recovery magic, but the man’s vitality did not revive.
“Cloudy sky. It may have been a window. From across the sky, something was looking down at me.”
“What was it?”
“I don’t know. It doesn’t look good. Something small, grayish… … . Then suddenly the sky opened… …
At that moment, when I came to my senses, I was here.
“That was a dream. i was rich No, this must be a dream. Sir, I want to go back.”
As the tear-stained man cried out, Seriel grabbed his face.
“Calm down! The wound has already healed! You can live!”
“no! It’s all fake! All… … ! Huh!”
The man’s lungs swelled rapidly, his pupils rolled up, and he stopped breathing.
Seriel performed resuscitation, but the man’s body temperature was rapidly cooling.
“Okay, chief. stop. Write a report.”
Seriel’s head fell.
“Mutator Case B-38. After the parasite Argones was extracted, the body was restored, but died. The cause of death… …
Seriel’s eyes, which slowly lifted her face, shone brightly.
“Suicide… … Estimated.”
As the medics quickly recorded, Seriel gave instructions as she got out of bed.
“By international agreement, the bodies of mutants are collected by the World Health Organization. Proceed in stealth. This is something that should not be talked about yet.”
It will be after Fisho’s funeral that the temple announces this.
When Seriel left the door, Tenos was lighting a cigarette outside the cabin.
“Good job.”
When I handed over the lit cigarette, Seriel took it and took a deep breath.
“… … Why are you dying?”
Tenos was speechless.
“Obviously the recovery has been perfect. There were no scars, no biological functions, no metabolism, nothing out of place. But how can a person die?”
“well. In vain?”
“Can a person just die because it is meaningless?”
“You can’t tell me you’re going to die.”
Tenos lit his cigarette.
“Why is there such a case? When you feel like you have nothing left to live for. Good memories and bad memories are just brain signals after they pass.”
A finger with a cigarette in it pointed forward.
“They say they live in the present for the sake of the future, but in the end, all that remains is the past. It’s inefficient to live fiercely while keeping only that memory in your head.”
“I didn’t know you had such thoughts.”
Tenos shrugged.
“I’m talking theoretically. To live in reality is to live in the senses. But sensation is a kind of impulse. Can you call it life? And the moment of recognition is already in the past.”
A long puff of cigarette smoke blew out.
“Past, present, future, there are no humans anywhere. The only thing that exists in this world is emptiness.”
“That’s my word.”
Tenos raised an eyebrow.
“I tried to imitate Buddha, but I really don’t know. If humans are just signals coming from outside, it is no different from dreaming. Could it be suicide? Maybe he realized that there is no reality here.”
“Do you want to call it liberation? A near-death experience is a personal experience. It cannot be scientifically proven.”
“… … So you have to find out.” Tenos threw away his cigarette.
“Fishaw’s choice was right. It is fortunate that Ivory Tower Oh Dae-seong was among my alumni. Even the Temple wouldn’t be able to read the secrets until it betrayed the Ivory Tower. come on Go find out exactly what Fishaw found out.” Of course I thought so.
“All right.”
“It’s late for the carriage. Use space shift. You can quarantine at the branch and leave immediately.”
“All personnel who participated in the Argones Project must move according to the movement line suggested by the upper level.”
“I will take responsibility. The instructions will be released tomorrow anyway. Don’t worry about this place and focus on Creas.” Seriel also wished for it, so he lowered his head and cast space movement magic.
“I’m coming.”
A roar split the sky.
The day of Fishaw’s funeral.
Creas Municipal Cemetery was crowded from morning with celebrities from all walks of life.
“There are so many people.”
As much as he had been in the magic school for a long time, there was a large crowd on the side of the Alpheas Magic School sign. Elsewhere, however, there were also figures who seemed completely unrelated to Fishaw.
said Dorothy.
“Certainly it is not just a funeral. Let us not be vigilant and keep an eye on the dynamics.”
Arin asked.
“Are you saying there could be a fight?”
“Not really, but… …
Sabina stabbed her in the side.
“Stop talking like that. Don’t you know everything because you heard it from your lover? Are we doing this among ourselves?”
At the word lover, Dorothy blushed.
hit
“I-I don’t know. I mean, Iruki didn’t say anything. He just said it could be dangerous.”
Closer raised a finger.
“excuse me.”
Alpheas, the principal of the magic school, and Olivia, the vice principal, were talking with the students.
“principal!”
When the excavation team, including Dorothy, greeted them, Alpheas smiled benevolently.
“You’re here. thanks.”
“Of course you have to come. However, the atmosphere is a bit strange. What’s going on?” “Because of Fishaw’s will. It seems there is a problem we don’t know about. There was even a protest a little while ago.”
“yes? demonstration?”
When Dorothy turned her head, officials from other countries were arguing with the temple officials.
“This is absurd. Do you know how much the kingdom of Miel has invested in the temple?”
“Please understand. Again, the authority to disclose the will does not exist in the Super Monster Research Institute, nor does it exist in the temple.”
“No, what do you mean… … !” The moment the official couldn’t hold back his anger and was about to raise the bar, the knight pointed to the entrance.
“Ambassador, over there.”
As if those words were a signal, hundreds of people fell silent at the same time.
“The Five Great Stars of the Ivory Tower.”
Sirone, the only person Fishaw had granted access to, was entering with Amy.

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 879 - Biological Program(2).txt
===============================
Biology Program (2)
‘Are you here at last?’
The most powerful person in the world.
Even the protesting officials had no choice but to keep their mouths shut when Sirone arrived.
With the eyes of the audience focused on one spot, Sirone walked towards Alpheas Magic School.
“hello?”
Because Ficho stayed in the senior class for a long time, he saw faces Sirone didn’t know.
Seriel ran to Amy.
“Amy!”
Seeing the face of a friend she hadn’t seen in a while, Amy hugged Seriel fiercely.
It smelled like cigarettes.
“Amy! This sneaky girl! How can you live without a call? I’m disappointed!”
“Sorry. There was a situation.”
Before being dispatched to the battlefield, she overcame death several times at the training center.
However, it was probably because she was comfortable being Seriel, and her face was thinner than before.
“Are you tired?”
“Hehe, what could be the hardest thing for me? Fighting on the battlefield is harder. by the way… …
Seriel, who was looking at Sirone and Amy alternately, whispered with a convex smile.
“Coming in with Sirone means you were together last night too? What a cunning thing.”
“no! Sirone is here to pick you up. I was going to bring Maya too, but they’ve already left… …
From behind her alumni, Maya waved her hand.
‘Sirone.’
He then met Sirone’s eyes, but his feelings did not seem to have changed compared to before.
‘Well, that’s right.’
Maya doesn’t know that Siroche followed her to the hotel.
Even though nothing had happened, if Sirone had even a little heart, he would have appeared in his eyes.
‘are you okay. Because I love you. It doesn’t hurt more than the pain of having to forget it.’
Maya struggled to smile.
Contrary to the notice of foreign officials, the alumni treated Sirone openly.
“Sirone, have you ever become famous?” Screamer, the current Creas Coliseum champion, reached out to Sirone.
“uh? Screamer! Long time no see!” When I was in school, I was tongue-tied at his warlike tendencies, but now I could feel the energy of a quiet fighter.
Alumni as well as seniors flocked to say hello to Sirone, so he was distracted for a while.
“Sirone! do you remember me? You bumped into me at the lake garden when you were in advanced class. At that time, you also listened to my book.”
“Ah yes… …
Was it?
I couldn’t remember even such a trivial thing, but it wasn’t an atmosphere where I could ignore it.
It was nice to see them all, and it was reassuring to know that they had roots from the same school.
“What is that? What kind of reunion is it?”
Officials from other countries put on a blank expression.
If it is the five great castles of the ivory tower, isn’t it a position where even the king of a country must kneel?
I couldn’t understand the sight of Sirone teasing her by tapping her head or pulling her clothes.
“Everyone likes him. I can guess what kind of school life he was in.”
There were some officials who showed respect, but most of them were those who attended with the country’s fate at stake.
“joy! gibberish! Now is not the time to spend leisurely time. Isn’t it?”
Officials dispatched from the southern continent nodded with fierce eyes.
‘There must be something. I must find out.’
Demons are invading the world, but this kind of crisis is not the first time in history.
The human system is still in good shape,
Now, the war situation could not be seen as very bleak.
‘When the world war passes, the power structure is reorganized. It’s our turn this time.’
While everyone was thinking the same thing, the official of the Miel kingdom approached Sirone.
“You are the star of the ivory tower.”
The buzzing sound was gone.
“As you know, you have the right to see Fischo’s will.”
“Yes, I heard. Where is the will?”
An employee of the Super Monster Research Institute said.
“It’s not a will, it’s a video. Blood Show recorded for you. Currently, no one except Fisho has seen this video.”
“It’s a video… …
The official of Miel Kingdom intervened again.
“It is time for all kingdoms to unite and fight the demons. If Fichot’s will is closely related, I think sharing the information is the right thing to do.”
An official from Benibar Kingdom stepped forward.
“If you can’t open it to everyone, please vote for at least one representative. Incidentally, Benibar Kingdom is sending the most military food to the temple.” Realizing that they were trying to monopolize information, all the officials came running and shouted.
“I will not yield to Benibar. Our kingdom has sent the most troops to Valkyrie!”
“gibberish! Let’s follow it that way
noodle… … !”
While the officials were arguing, Sirone looked at them calmly.
As the voice rose and the atmosphere became a mess, Sirone’s voice was heard.
“Please stop it.”
The volume of voices was low, but the officials realized something eerie and fell silent.
The bright smile disappeared, and Sirone, radiating the magician’s energy, was standing there.
“I will tell you.”
Officials listened.
“There are people who haven’t arrived yet. These are the people who miss Fisho. Neither do I.”
Sirone looked around.
“I want to remember my friend who passed away. If you have no such thoughts… …
Cold eyes pierced the officials.
“Just stay still.”
“Ugh!”
There was no way to express it, but there was force in Sirone’s voice that could not be denied.
“Okay, let’s wait for a moment.”
As the officials quietly backed away, Sirone smiled again and turned around.
“Okay, let’s get ready too.”
Under the name of the world’s strongest wizard, he could see what kind of attitude the officials were taking.
However, most of the people watching Sirone had completely different thoughts.
‘Not a single thing has changed.’
Now they knew too.
How much courage and sacrifice it is to be angry for others completely.
‘Why didn’t I know then?’
Maybe it was Sirone who had the hardest time in school.
“uh? make it happen.”
The carriage of the temple arrived and Iruki got off.
Powerful knights who were not led by any other country official were guarding his side.
The students whispered as Dorothy passed freely between them and crossed Iruki’s arms.
“what? Are you two dating?”
It was the first time Sirone had heard it.
“Iruki, you… …
Before he could speak, a high-class carriage came running quickly and stopped at the entrance.
Nade, with his coat slung over his shoulder, and Liz, dressed in a neat suit, got down side by side.
“Sirone!”
Tears welled up in Sirone’s eyes.
“Nade!”
At the reunion of the three musketeers, who were called the idiots of the magic school, the alumni were also immersed in vague memories.
In the midst of many words coming and going, when the hour came, Dante crossed the entrance of the cemetery.
“It’s Dante.”
Similar to Sirone and the others, Closer and Sabina, who were the Three Musketeers, had their eyes shining.
‘You say you work in the Royal Castle Records Management Department? It’s bullshit.’
Every time I stopped by the capital, I looked for Dante, but I had never seen him.
Judging from his information magic skills, he was probably an agent in the intelligence department, especially a top-secret agent.
‘I can’t be sad.’ There were so many people gathered that there was no time to sort out the emotions, and the words went back and forth.
It was just a pleasure.
“Are you all gathered now? Then, just as the staff at the Funeral Super Monster Research Institute was about to start the host, a huge carriage came in.
“What is that?”
People were fascinated when they saw the goods loaded in the luggage compartment being pulled by the wagon.
It was a huge wreath made of gold.
“Is this Fishaw’s funeral home?”
When the transportation company employee asked with the payment documents, the restaurant manager asked while signing his signature.
“That’s right, but who sent it?”
“I do not know. If you ask for anonymity, we have no way of knowing. In any case, it definitely delivered.”
Since it was not a weight that a person could lift, two wizards moved the wreath with air magic.
As the surprised gaze followed, Syrone looked at the black ribbon hanging from the wreath.
A short text was written on it.
remembering
“It’s Fermi.”
Everyone was guessing.
“Who else would do something like that? what to do for a living I used to hate it, but now I miss it.”
“Where are you going to spend the money again? If that was pure gold, I think it would exceed 2 billion gold.”
Nade had heard of Fermi, but it was not yet time to speak to Sirone.
“Then, let’s begin Fishaw’s funeral.”
Sirone’s alumni were placed closest to the grave, and the coffin without the body was put in.
I wasn’t told why the body wasn’t there, but I thought it would be better if I didn’t.
“He was an excellent wizard and biologist. His sacrifice is forever in our hearts… …
The faces of the alumni were full of sadness, and some shed tears when the coffin was buried.
After the funeral, the aftertaste continued, but the officials could not wait any longer.
“Now, let’s announce it.”
The director of the Super Monster Research Institute appeared dragging a heavy iron box on a cart.
“This video recorder contains approximately 27 minutes of footage from Fisho.”
A heavy tension flowed.
“Currently, we have not been able to confirm the video either. Of course you won’t believe it… …
The officials nodded.
“The way to prove it will also be in this video,” Ficho said. I believe that the star in the ivory tower will prove our innocence if we check the video.”
All that was left was to decide with whom Sirone would check the video.
Seriel has arrived.
“Sirone, it’s important to humanity. I also have information that I know. I will cooperate as much as possible.”
Iruki and Dante also helped.
“Let us go in together. It’s not just out of curiosity, you know?”
Said Sirone, who was lost in thought.
“I’ll check first. There must be a reason why you handed over authority to me. Can’t we decide after that?”
That method was the most reasonable.
“Can I do that?” The warden nodded.
“All authority belongs to Sirone-sama.
Where would be a good place to check? A secret room with magic control or a “No. I’ll just do it close by. After all, I have to decide again after I see it.”
There was no one here who could break through Sirone’s ninth sense and access information.
“That would be nice.”
It was a building, 200 meters from the cemetery, where the caretakers had their lodgings for the night.
When the iron box was magically floated, the warden pointed to the building and said,
“Let’s go. I will open it inside the building.”
As Sirone entered the building with the warden, the remaining hundreds of people waited anxiously.
Time passed without a hitch.
“shit! what are you doing? A 27 minute video? More than 50 minutes have already passed.”
Someone pointed to a building.
“There it is!”
When Sirone moved slowly and arrived in front of the crowd, the sound of saliva dripping was heard.
Seriel asked.
“How are you, Sirone? Did you confirm Fishaw’s will?”
“huh. I saw them all.”
The warden conducted the final procedure.
“The late Ficho said that Sirone would release the video only to those who agreed. Now, please make a decision on the transfer of authority.”
Sirone thought carefully.
“I am??????
I couldn’t even hear the breath.
And finally, having made your decision, you raised your head and declared to the audience.
“I will not release the video to anyone.”
Ficho was right.

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 880 - Biological Program(3).txt
===============================
Biology Program (3)
“What are you talking about!”
Foreign officials shouted with one voice.
“I can’t reveal it! Do you even know what kind of business this is? Ivory Tower If you’re thinking of monopolizing this information… …
“I know what the matter is.”
Sirone stopped talking.
“That’s why I can’t reveal it any more.”
The footage of Fisho that Sirone checked was neither confidential nor mysterious.
Why can’t we talk… … .
‘Because it’s the truth.’
The truth that Fisho gave at the cost of his own body.
Someone gets closer to the truth through enlightenment, but sometimes the truth is harsh.
“There is no turnaround. And already the video recording device has been destroyed. I will review it in the Ivory Tower and announce it.”
Dante raised his hand.
“Wait, reexamination in the ivory tower? Does that mean you will ignore the state side?”
“I am not ignoring it. If it’s just talking, I can clarify it right here. However, considering the ripple effect, it is not at a level that the kingdom unit can handle.”
Seriel roughly guessed it, but as expected, the question could not be answered without direct hearing.
“Can you at least tell me what it is about? We have our own information.”
“Sorry. Give me time to think.”
While Seriel put on a dissatisfied expression, Iruki calmly nodded.
‘I’ll have to ask later.’ Not being able to disclose it is just political rhetoric in front of a large number of people.
‘If you can report to the ivory tower, you can tell me too.’
I thought there was that level of trust.
“I can’t admit it!”
The official shouted in anger.
“I didn’t come all the way here just to hear that! You will be condemned by the whole world!”
“I never asked you to come.”
Sirone glared at the official fiercely.
“Also, it doesn’t matter what response each kingdom takes, but I’d like to tell them not to.”
“Whoa!”
The ivory tower is always right.
Not because they are actually right, but because only they can stick to their ideas.
“Let’s go back! You wasted your time!”
An official from the Mael Kingdom turned around first, followed by other officials.
In the meantime, the conversation did not stop.
“Are you really going to back down like this? We also have a stake in the temple. We have to sue on a national level.”
“You won’t be able to win. I have no choice but to engage in espionage. After all, there are no perfect secrets in the world.”
Sirone said as the officials left.
“done. Let’s go get something to eat.”
The teachers and students of Alpheas School of Magic took their seats at the pre-booked restaurant.
It was a welcome place, so it was noisy, but some people were deep in thought.
With those leaving and those remaining remaining, Iruki approached Shirone.
“Let me see you for a second.” Seeing Shirone following Iruki, Seriel was troubled.
‘I have to follow.’
The idea was like a chimney, but the conditions had to be met.
‘A person who absolutely needs information. And the reliability to hand over that information.’
The reason why Amy remained would be the former, but Seriel couldn’t satisfy the latter.
‘You won’t want me to come.’ Dante also seemed to have the same thought, and Ned moved her steps while he was guarding his seat.
“I have to go too.”
Liz dried up.
“Just stay here. If you want to follow me, you have to meet two qualifications.”
“I know what it is.”
If you’re a wizard, there’s no way you wouldn’t know.
“But why are you going? You don’t have to know.”
said Nade, turning to Liz.
“Because I’m curious.” “don’t worry. What matters is reliability. All you have to do is listen and keep your mouth shut.”
“Me too?”
Nade blinked.
“Are you not going to tell me either? Are you really sure?”
“Uh, that… … you won’t ask yes?”
Liz gritted her teeth.
“Just stay still.”
Nade licked his lips and returned to his seat.
Shirone and Iruki entered the forest near the graveyard and sat down on a rock.
“What happened?”
Although she perfectly understood Iruki’s question, Shirone just smiled.
“Fisho’s video, what was recorded? Are you saying you can’t tell me too?”
“okay. Sorry,”
After watching Iruki’s reaction for a while, Shirone changed her expression and smiled.
“It’s a joke.”
“I know. It was so boring.”
The Spirit Zone unfolded.
Since Shirone’s spirit was the strongest barrier, Iruki asked comfortably.
“What?”
Shirone moved to the seat next to Iruki and said.
“The truth of this world.” 3 hours ago from now.
The warden who installed the video recording device made a final check before leaving the building.
“It is done. Are you really okay with coming here?”
“Yes, enough.”
When the warden left, Sirone created a new wall with the ability of Material.
It was a closed room with no air.
‘Fisho.’
After making a small chair, the video recording device was activated and the recorded video was turned on.
“Sirone.”
Fisho was there.
Of course, it wasn’t the school days that Sirone remembered.
‘What if… …
The mutation had already progressed considerably, and only half of the face was recognizable.
“Sorry to startle you. I didn’t have time. Because I have one more problem to solve. do you understand?”
Sirone nodded.
“I will speak briefly. First of all, the reason why I gave you the right to read the video is not because you are Oh Dae-sung or because you are my alumni. It is because you are Hexy.”
The left side of Fisho wriggled.
“Humankind has uncovered many things. I know roughly how the world works. But there are still unanswered questions. Where the hell are we?”
Why do we exist?
“In fact, it is a very strange thing that something exists. Because once something exists, it means there is a cause.”
who made the universe
“Alien creature Argones. Parasites eating into my body. This speaks to me.”
Fisho pointed to the wriggling part.
“There is no such thing as space in the first place. That’s why we don’t exist either. From the beginning, there has never been an event where something existed somewhere. Sirone, it’s just nothing.” “There was nothing in the first place, nothing happened, and it still is. There is no such thing as ‘existence’.”
“Then why… … ?”
Fisho on the screen answered.
“But why are we here? Why do you feel like there is a universe? It is an error caused by not fully understanding the concept of nothingness.”
Sirone shut his mouth.
“there’s nothing. There really is nothing. You’re just assuming there’s something. who the hell Where is the subject of the illusion? It doesn’t even exist. That’s it, Sirone.”
Fisho raised his hand with difficulty.
“In order to explain nothingness, the concept of existence must be borrowed in some way. It’s wrong from there. Time, space, illusions. If you move the pencil on the desk to another place, does the seat on the desk become nothing? Absolutely not. Even the thought of moving something to another place is valid. Humans really can’t imagine that there is nothing. To know that the limits of our access are unimaginable. That’s it.”
Sirone imagined nothing.
A state of perfect nothingness could be imagined through a logical and conceptual combination, but it is actually nothing.
‘To truly imagine… …
Because you shouldn’t even be able to imagine, it’s because imagination is impossible in the first place.
“I call this infinite nothingness.”
Fishaw smiled shyly.
“It’s a concept that doesn’t even come close, but since we’re human, we named it. Anyway, Sirone, if you believe me, you should know by now.”
Fisho’s eyes changed.
“There is nothing, only illusions. It’s not contradictory. Even the fact that you are mistaken at this moment is an illusion. it just doesn’t exist You need to know that there is no.”
Fisho’s shoulders wriggled even more wildly.
“Everything is in that illusion.”
Just as humans cannot conceive of nothing, they could not conceive of the existence of everything.
“Everything is a difference of perspective. The difference in perspective on nothingness separates good from evil, emptiness from children, and countless things. Actually nothing. Even so, I deliver this video to you, not you
The reason is……
Fishaw’s shoulder exploded with a bang.
“It is said that misunderstanding is free.”
Sirone caught a bitter smile in his eyes.
“For the report on Argones, you can look at the report from the Super Monster Research Institute. the problem is… … That this guy knows too much. By human standards, of course. And for some reason, it seems to be on a mission to obliterate any creature that has access to this secret.”
If the video was publicized, Argones would wipe out all of humanity.
“I don’t have time. I’m suppressing it with drugs, but I’ll wake up sooner or later. Sirone, you must choose. Will all mankind fight, or will you fight alone?”
As Fisho’s mutation sped up, his head snapped to the side.
‘damn… …
It was heartbreaking that I couldn’t help.
“Argones is the source of all life. But you are different. He is free from his dominion.”
Because it’s hexa.
“It doesn’t matter if it’s infinite or infinite. Even if it’s an illusion, it’s the world I was in. so… …
“Fisho!”
As Ficho’s eyes rolled upward, Sirone ran to the video.
“You sure… … told Shiro yes… …
Finally, Fisho’s neck snapped completely, and the mutated cells stretched out.
“Huh! Whoa!”
Sirone grabbed the video and shed tears.
“no. no… …
Why was there no body in the coffin?
When the host died, the cells were rapidly dissolving and spreading like porridge.
“ha.”
Sirone, who went back to her seat weakly, fell into deep thought with her head bowed.
‘Why is that important?’
Fichot’s message was revealing the truth of the world, but nothing seemed to change anyway.
“Why is Argones trying to obliterate humans who have access to this secret?” The key to the outside world.
‘infinite. An infinite wizard.’
Can’t imagine a state of nothing?
A terrifying feeling was transmitted to Sirone, who had not made any further progress since reaching his ninth sense.
‘wait for a sec… … Maybe this… …
The flickering screen was reflected in the retinas of Sirone, who rested her chin on her chin.
You hurriedly raised your head.
“what?”
In the unfinished video, Fisho’s cells, which had turned into slime, began to wriggle.
As if they were alive, their activity increased and the surface bulged up.
‘Are there still more videos?’
And finally, slime in the form of a person walked in front of the screen, dripping thin liquid. The place where the mouth was supposed to be opened wide, and the voice leaked out as it was torn open.
“Poetry……ro……yes……
It was the father of creatures, Argones.

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 881 - Biological Program(4).txt
===============================
Biology Program (4)
“It’s old.”
Argo Ness, who was staring at the screen, sat on Fisho’s chair and crossed his legs.
It was clearly an event in a different time period, but Sirone felt as if he was right in front of him.
“Do you know me?”
That’s why I asked, and to my surprise, I heard an answer.
“of course. Because I am a fisho.”
Argoneth’s slime flowed rapidly over the surface and turned into the body of a fisho.
“He is also your father.”
The skin thinned again, and immediately changed into the face of Vincent, Cirone’s father.
“I am your woman too.”
This time it was Amy.
Argones laughed.
“No, was it this?”
The people I had met so far quickly appeared as if a video was running.
Sirone said.
“But not me.”
so it’s not true
As if hearing it, Argones raised the corners of his mouth as he regained his original form.
“Hexa. A protocol that is out of the biological world. Certainly I can’t control you but… …
Argones kicked off the chair and came running, holding on to the video recorder and poking his face.
“It does not mean that it cannot be extinguished.”
Sirone’s eyes widened.
In the still-vibrating screen, Argones’s face was quickly pushed out.
‘no.’
Argones, which permeated the video recording device, proliferated again and came out.
The synchro was perfectly aligned, creating an optical illusion as if time had passed.
“Isn’t it?”
As Argones hung his arm and swung it like a stick, Sirone cast an instant movement.
When I stuck to the wall and looked up, Argones’ arm was hardened like a blade.
“No need to be surprised. I just checked what kind of signals Hexa’s protocol receives.”
There was no way for Argones to escape from the space sealed by the material barrier.
“Breaking the barriers of cognition expands the unit of time. Certainly unique for a human being.”
It seemed that he had already guessed that he had turned back time through his sense of time.
“… … What do you want?”
Argones shook his head.
“I don’t want anything. You know what I mean? The reason asteroids collide is not because I hate this planet. just bumped into Living things also have their own inertia. Instinct.”
Argones permeated all the way to the floor and pulled his upper body back from the ceiling.
“All the desires of that creature. The exact combination of those desires forms the world. My host seemed to know.”
Fisho was an insect wizard who studied the ecosystem in his head.
“It was a fruitful conversation, but he chose heresy. The secrets of the world must not be revealed. It must perish.”
“With what qualifications?”
“I still don’t understand. Extinction is also the desire of creatures. It’s not because you deserve it. Cells annihilate themselves when there is danger to the system. The same goes for Fisho.”
“Apoptosis.”
If Ankera prevented the destruction of the natural world, Argones seemed to prevent the destruction of the biological world.
“All the natures of living things begin with me. And the farther you get away from me, the more the biosphere collapses. Therefore, you and me, Havitz and Miro, are all dangerous elements.”
It was unexpected that Havits, the incarnation of desire, was a danger to Argones.
“When it is achieved as one, the point of view disappears. Extremes are dangerous. I don’t know who will win, but I’d rather no one win. Only a complex world full of doubts will be safe for you.”
“What if someone wins?”
“Apoptosis.”
When the planet was set as the unit of information dissemination, it meant that all living things would be annihilated.
Sirone said.
“The guffin has left the photon field.”
With a snap, Argones’ body broke off and landed flexibly on the floor.
And there were no words.
“Gaiain has transcended you and transcended Anchera. As long as we have that faith, we will not give up.”
“You think I’m a villain.” Argones’ body began to disintegrate softly when he placed his hand on the video recorder.
“Well, that is your limit. trust? You won’t understand a guffin with just that.”
“what do you mean?”
Slime seeped into the video recording device.
“You’d better think about why the Gaians left humanity behind. Guffin is gone, but the fight isn’t over yet.”
Argones’s finger, which had absorbed most of his body, pointed at Sirone.
“Save yourself.”
The last voice leaked out.
“It’s a Guffin word.”
Just as he was holding Argones’ message in his head, the video recording device was grotesquely twisted.
There was a bang, an explosion inside, and the smell of burning cellular matter.
Sirone, who had silently watched the scene where nothing was left, removed the material barrier.
And I was in trouble about how to deal with the will left by Fishaw.
When she made her decision and turned around, there was a firm determination in Sirone’s eyes.
“That’s how it happened.”
When Sirone finished talking about Fisho’s will, Iruki stroked his chin.
“Hmm, no one should win.”
It was a story that could not be overlooked from the standpoint of a human being who is in confrontation with atrocities.
“Is it surprising that you are included? You said you swallowed the dream of Ang Kera. So, did Ra and Argones become enemies?”
“I said there was no Pia. It’s just to suppress the phenomenon of crossing the line according to the standard. Rado and Argones too.”
Iruki nodded.
“I’m embarrassed. We should be prepared, but the information will spread quickly. I understand how you feel.”
“It can be revealed or not revealed. I’m going to go to the ivory tower and ask Taeseong. Taeseong would be able to make a more accurate judgment.”
While everyone was lost in their thoughts, Sirone asked.
“What are you going to do next?”
“Nothing will change. Havitz’s army is right in front of us, so we have to stop it. I don’t know if I can.”
Rather, Iruki comforted Sirone.
“I will leave Argones’ problems to you. Never mind the kingdom. Because it’s what we have to do.”
“… … save yourself.”
The two looked up at the sky side by side.
In front of Fishaw’s grave, where people left, Cayden put down a chrysanthemum flower.
“Were you satisfied with your life?”
He deliberately arrived late because he didn’t want to get involved with his classmates, but there was someone who had the same idea.
“It’s late.”
When I turned my head, Eden was standing with his back to the sun.
“Are you here too?”
“You should come. Because we are friends.”
Cayden, Eden, and Fisho once fought as a team in Scrumble Royale.
Cayden stood up slowly.
“I heard you were in Zion.”
“The psychic realm was closed and monks were dispatched all over the world. I stopped by briefly before supporting the Central Continent War.”
“okay. Good luck.”
Eden asked as Cayden turned and walked away.
“What are you thinking of doing?”
”……what?”
“Are you not going to fight? You were born with the fate of the Red Cross. It’s an opportunity to show off your skills.”
Humanity needed Cayden.
“I don’t believe in fate.” I honestly don’t know.
“I am not a seeker. Not even a priest like you. why do i have to fight For whom?”
Eden came up with a number of reasons.
But the only reason I couldn’t name was ‘for yourself’.
Because if Cayden becomes the hero who saved the world, it means his misfortune.
“Yes, it is something I cannot force. live well anyway Contact me if you change your mind.”
Cayden, who did not move for a moment, finally moved on without answering.
At that time, Alpheas Magic School alumni walked in groups of threes and threes from the entrance of the tombstone.
familiar face.
I could see Shirone, Iruki, and Amy, and Screamer and Maya were walking behind them.
The thought stopped as if time had stopped, but only the heart beat rapidly.
Screamer begged Maya.
“Hey, stop doing that and come to my game. It would be better if they even performed.”
“show?”
After thinking for a while, Maya shook her head.
“no.”
“you… … Do you still hate me?”
“It’s not that I hate it, but it’s not particularly good either. Honestly, it was you who hated me, right?”
“I’m sorry. I’m regretting it too. And you won too? It’s unfair to think about it.”
Amy pointed forward.
“uh? Isn’t that kayden? There is also Eden.”
With Cayden still frozen, Eden ran over and waved.
“hi? long time no see.”
While Eden was talking to Sirone, Screamer approached Cayden.
“hey? What are you doing?”
Cayden seemed to have lost his soul.
“Where are you looking?”
Screamer walked behind Cayden’s back and matched their gazes, but couldn’t see anything.
‘ Maya.’
Cayden was trembling.
The fact that he realized the moment he saw her was the enormity of the harsh fate he had to face.
‘It’s Kayden.’
For a moment, Maya’s heart fluttered, but she hurriedly came to her senses and shook her head.
‘No, it’s fine now.’
Since he had decided to shoulder the price of loving Sirone, there was no need to ask about the graduation exam.
“Hey, say something! what’s the matter?”
Amy, knowing why Caden was stiff, sighed and pulled him by the hand.
Cayden, who took a step as if he was about to fall, finally came to his senses and looked around.
“ah??????
Maya looked at her and smiled.
“What are you doing? I should say hello.”
As Amy coached in frustration, Caden approached with an awkward gait.
“No, hello… …
“Yeah, it’s been a really long time. Is it the first time you saw it during the graduation exam? how have you been doing?”
When there was no answer, Maya tilted her head.
“What’s wrong, Caden? Where is it not good?” Cayden put Maya on the shoulder and everyone stopped talking and looked at them.
“Mr. Maya.”
Amy’s face turned dark.
‘That’s not it, you idiot.’
Right now, Kayden’s only thought was that he had to confess his love.
‘Destroy my destiny.’
Cayden tilted his face in silence and brought his lips close to Maya’s.
“……uh’?”
At that time, when the eyes of the alumni widened, Maya hated it and pushed Kayden away.
“what are you doing! Like a pervert!” Amy touched her forehead, and Kayden backed away from her, looking at her friends.
“sorry.”
Caden, ignoring all the glares and lowering his head to Maya, moved on.
“Why is he like that? It was strange before, but now it seems that the taste has completely gone?”
said Amy.
“You just don’t know. I’ve never done anything I wanted before.”
When Cayden yearns for something, the results always turn out to be the worst.
‘But if it’s the other way around… …
If she gave up that fervent prayer herself, it would at least transcend Amy’s imagination.
‘It’s a shame.’
Just when I was thinking like a soldier, Alpheas and Olivia walked by.
“You haven’t gone yet.”
“principal.”
After talking with Eden, Sirone approached Al Peas.
“There was something I wanted to ask you before. What happened to Miss Etella?”
“Why is no one talking? Could it be that something bad has happened?”
“Romi Ethella… …
Alpheas said with sad eyes.
“I lost my mind.”

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 882 - memory (1).txt
===============================
memory (1)
Alpheas continued.
“A year ago, there was an incident in which one of the magic school students was killed by an assailant.”
“Are you killing me?”
“It was only then that I realized the bad relationship between Etella and Chagall. Do you know who Chagall is?”
One of the world’s 100 most dangerous people.
He was a person who had the sense of smell of the Great Purifier, having fought a battle with Lian.
“I heard you have memory distortion.” La Enemie injected false memories into Chagall.
Everything he believed he experienced was an illusion, and as a result he killed Ethella’s teacher, Raphael.
“Raphael forgave him. Ethel also tried to lead Chagall to the good, but… …
Alpheas sighed.
“Chagall’s mind was in a pit that was too deep for her to bear. She hurt everyone around her. Students as well as teachers were at risk. Then she finally… … One student was sacrificed.”
“Have you arrested Chagall?”
“no. I hate to admit it, but he’s strong. That is why Ethella left school. Where there is Ethella, there comes Chagall.”
Ethella’s feelings were understandable.
“Where is the teacher now?” Alpheas shook his head.
“I don’t know. It is said that Chagall’s sense of smell has reached the level of psychic powers. If you can track her wherever she is, there are two places she might be. Confront Chagall in an empty place… …
If it was an opponent that could be subdued, Ethella wouldn’t have let him go wild.
“Mix in the crowd and wait for the right time.”
A place where you can hide your body odor.
Pesian kingdom.
It shares the border with Tormia, but geographically belongs to the southern continent.
As a developing country, it was also a place with severe corruption and a serious slum phenomenon caused by economic polarization.
Slum Sect 7.
If Radum of the Tormia Kingdom was a place to hide from poverty and scheme, Sekte 7 was literally a beggar’s den. About 450 beggars were being raised in this place lined with shacks that could not even block the rain.
The kingdom provided meals, but the quality of the food was considered trash.
Even so, the reason they are harvested and fed is that they become good marmots for politicians.
Secret biological experiments, assassination plots, unsolved cases, and numerous crimes started in Sekte 7.
“hungry… …
Inside the 7-pyeong room full of people, there was a foul smell from the filth they packed.
Everywhere was like a toilet, but a woman was sitting in the dirtiest place among them.
Romi Ethella.
Meals are served once a day, but she rarely gets a turn.
The beggars glanced at each time they covered themselves in black rags, which were white at first, and smeared their bodies with dirt.
“You do that again. What the hell is that girl’?”
It was bizarre to see him do that whenever he had time after entering Secte 7 at some point.
But there were a lot of mentally ill people like her here, so the beggars didn’t really care.
‘I have to leave.’
It has already been 30 days since I entered Section 7.
Although he disguised himself with all sorts of stench, Chagall’s sense of smell was such that he even remembered the incident.
‘I know all my smells.’
To even get rid of the smell of the intestines, she scooped the filth from the floor with her hand and put it in her mouth.
It was a bad thing for the monk’s mind, but Etella’s eyes only burned with anger.
‘I can’t forgive you.’ Until the magic school student was killed by Chagall, she tried to obey Raphael’s will.
However, what he got in return for carrying out his good will was the death of numerous acquaintances.
The monks of the Monastery of Karsis, followers, and even students at the magic school.
‘The methodology of evil.’
It seemed as if he was mocking me, saying, “Can you forgive me for going this far?”
‘I’m going to kill you.’
Chagall’s evil was eating away at Etella’s goodness.
‘I’m sorry, Master. I’ve lost my mind.’
When the revenge on Chagall is over, Ethella will no longer be called good, but… … .
‘Don’t worry, Chagall. You won’t kill alone.’
Now that didn’t even matter.
‘I’ll kill you and go with you.’
Ethella’s eyes flashed with light.
‘To eternal hell… …
Mark suggested.
“Seniors, gathering like this is a monumental event, so why don’t we have dinner together?”
The sun was setting, and it was regrettable that all the alumni were parting like this.
It was the same with Sirone and Amy.
After moving to a restaurant and drinking, candid conversations took place.
As expected, the topic was the war against the demons, and Iruki, the general commander of Valkyrie, explained the situation.
“not good. We will lose.”
The reason why they were not afraid of the hopeless prospect was that they were also in the middle of a war.
“The key is the kingdom of Tormia. Because this is the last gateway to the Central Continent. If the demons penetrate this place, no country in the world can stop it.”
said Dante.
“Thormia won’t break easily.”
Seriel asked.
“Do you have a strategy?”
“It’s confidential, so I can’t tell you the details. Of course, some of you may have already guessed. Anyway, it’s almost certain that the final battleground will be Tormia.”
Iruki added.
“Valkyrie is also making her own preparations. Of course, the scale of the damage will be mathematically impossible to estimate, but there is a small chance of winning the war.”
“… … How many will die?”
“If you look at the kingdoms occupied by the demons, on average, 87% of their people died. In other words, when you consider that you have reached Tormia, most people in this place will die.”
Dorothy said in a solemn atmosphere.
“Then this place could be our last reunion. Shall we have a toast to commemorate?”
“I will not die.”
People’s eyes turned to Sirone.
“I will never let you die.”
“Sirone… …
From the expression of Sirone staring fiercely forward, I sensed what he was carrying.
“When we first started the war, they said it was impossible. But in the end we got here. The ivory tower moved, and the voice closed the psychic realm. And if we all fight to the best of our abilities… …
Sirone smiled.
“So let’s toast to victory.” The alumni of Alpheas Magic School raised their glasses and shouted.
“Let’s win!”
The time to leave was approaching.
The buzz of the bar lingered in Sirone’s ears as he went outside to get some fresh air.
‘come.’
Is it the expression of a sense of oppression, or is it just a delusion like confidence created by emotions?
‘Something huge is coming.’
The acceleration toward the end was felt more clearly than before.
‘Because what kind of future awaits?’ I couldn’t even dare to imagine it until now, and I was just shuddering at the vague image.
“Sirone.”
As I slowly turned around, Amy, with a blush on her cheeks, was approaching with a smile on her face.
“let’s go?”
Sirone has to leave.
“Sorry. I had to deliver it to the Ivory Tower as soon as possible. I met you like this… …
Amy shook her head.
“Let’s not just try to be happy. I want a world where everyone can be happy. I will fight hard too. I’ll wait for you. Because in my heart there is only you… …
I’ve already borrowed alcohol, but then
“So what I want to say
O……”
Amy smiled broadly.
“love you.”
Sirone saw the full moon hanging in the sky, clear in her eyes.
“uh… …
Hot tears flowed.
“why are you crying?”
“uh? I? why… …
Sirone, who realized it belatedly, hurriedly wiped away his tears, but for some reason he couldn’t stop.
‘I must remember this moment.’ I don’t know why, but I felt that way.
‘I must remember this woman.’
Amy’s face, voice, body odor, even the moon in the night sky in her eyes.
‘Never forget!’
Grabbing Amy by the shoulder, Sirone engraved her form into his retinas.
“Amy, you must never forget me. You have to remember me at any moment.”
“What do you mean?” Sirone was afraid.
It seemed that the huge future that was flooding into this world would wipe out everything.
“Promise me.”
Amy didn’t understand, but when she saw Sirone’s terrified face, she nodded.
“Okay, I will remember. No matter what happens, even in a world without you, I will remember you.”
Sirone kissed Amy, and the hot breath connected the two as one life.
and after a while
Hearing the roar of space movement, the people who came out of the bar saw Amy standing alone.
When Gaold’s air press exploded, a mushroom cloud soared from the ground.
Gangnan’s eyes shook in shock as he looked down at the scene from the distant sky with Zulu.
“Unbelievable… …
Gaold, who had begun to forget even the memory of the maze, took a special measure.
The result is this.
“How can I become stronger?”
“Because I am human.”
Zulu said.
“The human mind has no limits. All but Gaold… … I just chose the more convenient way.”
After confirming that the deflagration had disappeared and a huge crater had formed, Zulu descended to the ground.
A gust of wind blew the smoke away, and Gaold emerged with a meaningful smile.
“It is over.”
The demons in the south were perfectly organized.
However, to Kang Nan, Gaold’s smiling face was beyond sad and grotesque.
“Are you really okay?”
“what?”
“You know. you are… …
At the applause heard in the smoke, Nan Kang and Zulu hurriedly looked back.
“Hey, how cool is that? After all, the strongest man.”
The familiar voice and the familiar way of speaking made Gangnan’s face pale.
Miro was approaching, smiling.
“long time no see? Since our dandy is working hard, I came to give him some comfort. how have you been doing?” My heart couldn’t help beating at meeting Gaold, but I didn’t have the slightest desire to create a situation where the chicken meat would rise.
‘Give me a kiss.’
It was a labyrinth where he could only come to the south after drawing the line like that, but Gaold didn’t move.
“what? I was so moved… … Miro’s eyes widened at the moment of death, and the air press immediately fell down.
Aaaaaaaang!
Behind Miro, who hurriedly spread the distance, the incarnation of the Thousand Arms Guanshi Yin appeared.
It was instinct.
“Run away!”
At the same time as Gangnan shouted, Ga Old rushed at Miro and fired an air gun.
“Keugh!”
Thousands Hands Guanyin’s jangbeop shortened the time and hit the bullet, but he couldn’t bear to attack Gaold.
“kill!”
Gaold grabbed Miro by the neck and pushed her to the ground.
What was more shocking than the neck-breaking grip was Gaold’s gaze.
“die. I mean die.”
It was obvious hate.
“Gaold… … why’?”
“The feeling of love is bound to become dull. Gaold was amazing for keeping it even in pain. But now it is at its limit.”
Even that memory was fading.
“Gaold chose to hate you rather than forget you. Then she can hold out a little longer.”
“Big uh… …
Looking nonchalantly at Gaold strangling Miro, Zulu spoke in Middle Eastern.
“Extremely human.”

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 883 - Memory (2).txt
===============================
memory (2)
Miro couldn’t believe it.
‘Really kill me?’
However, Gaold’s eyes looking down on her were more intense than any villain she had ever experienced.
‘Is that a lie?’
He believed that even if everyone in the world abandoned him, he would not abandon Gaold.
Even though I couldn’t accept his love, how much comfort was that fact… … .
“It is a lie!”
It was only felt clearly when Gaold cut the woman named Miro out of his heart.
“Die!”
The moment I applied the air press while clutching my neck, Miro could no longer remain still.
“Keugh!”
The incarnation of Thousand Arms Guanshiyin struck Gaold at an invisible speed.
Gauld’s body, shaking at a speed close to shaking, flew to the left and rolled on the floor.
Miro gritted his teeth and stood up.
‘I blocked it.’
I felt a strong barrier through my mind that I did not think I had hit anyone.
“Miro… …
Have you come to your senses?
Gaold’s eyes, which raised his head with his limbs attached to the ground, flashed a kind light for a moment.
“Will you come??????
Before he could finish his words, his face contorted again and he began to charge at breakneck speed.
“We have to stop!”
Gangnan shouted at Zulu.
“Block?”
It was the scene of a fight between those who reached the breaking point with a human body and the poles of the times.
“How?”
The moment Kang Nan turned her head after realizing the reality, a huge light burst in her field of vision.
Woooooooooooooooooooooooooh!
Another crater formed within the crater, and the shadows of the two moved like ink.
bang! bang! bang! bang!
Pressure was applied to Gaold’s body, where the palms of several tens of meters were stamped.
However, his Bakum Press was also one of the strongest defense magics in the world.
“Aaaaaaa!”
If it is built according to the size of the anger, the radius will explode, but Gangnan and Zulu will also die.
In other words, it was the reason they still watched the battle without leaving their seats.
“you idiot!”
Miro, whose emotions never waver under any circumstances, shouted with all his heart.
“Calm down!”
Because it’s Gaold.
A roar of the ground splitting was heard, and Gauld bent down at the place where the capital of the Thousand Hands Guanshiyin had struck.
The Bakum press was still intact, but it was confirmed by the reaction that the blow had been entered.
His hair was discolored, and the cursed nerves sent unimaginable pain through his body.
Seeing that, Miro’s heart weakened again, but now he roughly grasped the situation.
“Do it in moderation. Do you know that I really like it because I say it’s good? Do you think you can do this to me?”
“It’s because of you… … . If it wasn’t for you… …
He would never have had to suffer like this.
“Who pushed me to like me? It’s you after all! Because you liked it the way you like it… … !”
The Thousand Arms Guanyin’s long shot, driven by Miro’s rage, struck Gaud like a shower.
“therefore!”
The strongest blow was inflicted.
“You just have to like it!”
Woo woo woo woo!
A total of over 100 million hits collapsed the ground with a force close to that of a natural disaster.
“That crazy woman!” Her strong wind tried to run, but her sudden tremendous gale pushed her away.
“Kuaaa!”
Gaold, who was shedding bloody tears, screamed in pain, and Miro ran through the wind.
“Something like you, I didn’t need it from the beginning.”
When the index and middle fingers were brought together, the Thousand Hands Guanyin floating in the sky made the same hand seal.
I was thinking of piercing Gaold’s throat.
“Are you fighting for me?”
I had a sudden thought.
‘Why am I angry? Isn’t that a good thing?’
Gaold’s abortion is important to Miro, and if it doesn’t even tickle courtship, it’s a perfect opportunity.
‘It’s better than a weakling.’
Knowing that fact, Gaold must have chosen the current result without any regrets.
“it’s annoying.”
I couldn’t contain my anger.
“Just die!”
Gangnan shouted.
“no!”
The middle and index fingers gathered together rushed into Gaold’s neck like a single sword.
However, in the end, it could not be penetrated and stopped standing tall, and the incarnation of Thousand Arms Guanshi Yin stopped.
Aaaaaaaaaaaaaa!
The roar created by the suspension of the accident gave the illusion that the sky was splitting.
“Bad child… …
Miro, who gently grabbed Gauld’s neck, lowered her head and shook her shoulders.
“what’s this.”
Tears flowed from her eyes as she looked at Gaold again.
“You said you would protect it for the rest of your life.”
The reason Miro didn’t become a Buddha.
At most, it would be just a tiny crack in her heart that Gaold had etched… … .
“You say you love me.”
Miro felt empty as if his heart had been pierced.
Zulu said.
“I must have relied on it without realizing it. You must have thought Gaold was there even while fighting the world and pushing through the good.”
Gaold’s body trembled.
“Aaaaaaa!”
The moment I felt the runaway Spirit Zone, Miro’s heart sank. … .
“Gagging!”
In the end, he spewed out a bowlful of blood, rolled his eyes, and collapsed.
“Gaold!”
While Gangnan ran to check on the situation, Miro was staring at Gaold in a state of fascination.
It was night, and bonfires were made on the beach.
As the unconscious Gaold collapsed, the three looked at the flames in silence.
“I was lucky.”
Zulu said.
“I was quite tired from fighting the demons. If Gaold was normal, Miro, you would be dead.”
It was a battle, no doubt.
Miro, who was reviewing the situation in which he was struggling to the death, raised his head with a frown.
“I understand that it is to maintain the apostasy. But how are you so blind? Self-hypnosis or something like that?”
I hoped so.
“no. Gaold didn’t do anything to himself. Like I said before, just… …
Zulu looked back at the sleeping Gaold.
“It’s because I don’t love you. There is a difference between love and love. Rather, Gaold who kept his heart for you even while going through that pain is amazing.”
Gangnan said.
“I tried to stop it too, but to no avail. How can you stop people’s hearts? There’s nothing good about you being here anyway. stop leaving.”
“Leave?”
If Gaold could fight further with the power of hatred, it was better to follow Gangnan’s words.
‘Autumn is… … He doesn’t love me.’
While I was deep in thought in my complicated heart, I heard Gaold’s voice.
“It’s a maze.”
I turned my head to see Gaold looking up at the sky with a calm expression.
With its wide wings spread, Sirone quickly covered the vast plains of the southern continent.
‘There it is.’
A desert-colored city stood over the meadow where wild animals roamed freely.
After casting space movement and leaving Tormia, Sirone found the southern continental kingdom, Kessia.
It has the advantage of being able to use the space movement terminal because the demons have not reached it yet, but more than that, it was because of Nade’s words I heard before leaving.
“You said you were invested in Fermi?”
The night before, in front of the pub bathroom, Nade dragged Sirone out and reported the situation.
“uh. But there was a condition. He asked me to meet you and told me about Kessia’s weapon shop.”
Nade added hastily.
“Of course I declined. No matter how important an investment is, you don’t sell out your friends. however… …
“however?”
“They said it was fine. I said there were no conditions, and I said to make a contract. There was no request to tell you this.”
Sirone rested her chin.
“Hmm, it’s definitely like Fermi.”
“okay. You probably know that I’m going to tell you this in the end. In any case, there is nothing to lose in sharing information.”
It seemed that the skill of digging into the human psyche and selling it was still the same as in the past and now.
“okay. I’ll take a look.”
“uh? really?”
“You have to use the terminal to get to the Ivory Tower anyway. Stop by once on the way. I wonder why you are looking for me.”
Arriving at the capital of Kessia, Sirone looked around at a different scenery than expected.
‘what’s this… …
The demons hadn’t come in yet, but it was so lawless that there was no need to enter.
“Puhahaha! die! die!”
Bandits riding in wagons were pouring arrows at the villagers indiscriminately.
It was clear that his eyes were not normal, that he was out of his mind or drunk.
“Help me!”
Most residents evacuated their homes, but the barefoot girl had nowhere to hide.
“I got one!”
Sirone caught the arrow flying towards the crouching girl’s back with her hand.
“what? Hehe, did I see something wrong?” Even in the face of an obvious magic phenomenon, the enemies who bought it thought it was just a drug hallucination.
“What are you doing right now?”
“Wow! Prey, prey.”
As they drool and aimed their arrows again, Sirone fired a photon cannon.
The carriage exploded with a bang and the body rolled on the floor, but the bandits did not even show their anger.
“The world turns, turns.”
Ignoring Sirone, she looked at the girl.
“Are you okay? What happened to the city?”
“I-I didn’t do anything wrong.” While watching her trembling back, Sirone checked the injection mark left on the girl’s arm.
“Could you… …
“I will tell you.”
When I turned my head to the voice I heard from behind, a man in a neat suit was standing there.
He politely bowed and greeted.
“You are Arian Sirone. I was waiting. I will guide you from now on.”
Since the first impression of the city was not good, Sirone followed without even saying hello.
‘This is nonsense.’
The reality of the city he observed while following him was far more devastating than expected.
Everyone was drunk, and vandalism was common.
“Did you take over the whole city? With drugs?”
“I just gave you what you wanted. The fear of war and the pain of poverty all come from the brain. If it can give you pleasure, there’s nothing wrong with it, right?”
“no. I cannot forgive you.”
“I guess so. They said it would. You’d better talk to Fermi directly.”
The place where the man stopped walking was a huge building with the symbol of a golden ring on the steeple.
The inside was clean, as if from another world, and not a single person was seen who was addicted to drugs.
‘What the hell are you thinking?’ Even in his school days, Fermi’s thinking was always unpredictable.
When I reached the 17th floor by elevator, there was a hallway covered with red carpets.
When I opened the door at the end of the hallway and entered, it was a huge office decorated with glass windows.
I visited the royal castle as the Five Great Castles of the Ivory Tower, but it was not more splendid than here.
“Here you are, Sirone.”
Even when the man sitting on the sofa with his legs crossed spoke, Sirone did not recognize him.
“Fermi?”
With colorfully dyed hair and a shaggy beard, he was a drug lord.
“sit down. You look good. There’s no need to say hello between us. Oh, tell them to make some tea.”
“yes.”
As the man closed the door and left, Sirone strode toward Fermi.
“Why did you ask to see me?”
“I don’t think you were that impatient. Why, do you not like this city?”
“Answer any questions I ask.”
Fermi smiled politely and flipped a chip made in an illegal way with his thumb.
“Let’s make a deal, Sirone.”

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 884 - Memory (3).txt
===============================
memory (3)
“transaction?”
Sirone’s gaze followed the chip Fermi threw.
Transactions in depreciation.
At the time, he was bound by Valhalla Action’s debt, but he had heard of Fermi’s abilities.
“What deal?”
Fermi got up from his chair and stood in front of the glass window looking down at the city.
“The car has been served.” The secretary came in, put the teacup down on the table, and left the office without a sound.
“You know I’m selling drugs. The central continent was trampled by demons, but all 7 kingdoms in the southern continent are in my hands. Even royalty wear my medicine in their mouths.”
“You call that bragging? None of my classmates are as broken as you.”
Fermi raised an eyebrow.
“Did the funeral go well?” “Fishaw’s will. I’m not going to tell you anyway. But it doesn’t matter. I can roughly guess what it is about.” Sirone didn’t believe it.
“What is it about?”
“Biological Program Argones. It must have been something about a singularity that would soon overtake this world.”
Fermi smiled and turned around.
“It’s sad to think that I’m just a drug addict. I am fighting for the world in my own way.”
“Undercode.”
Fermi lifted the vial from the desk.
“Dream Star. Have you ever heard of it? Information discarded in reality accumulates in The Abyss.”
“What do you mean by that?”
Fermi took a sip of the teacup and threw it at the window.
Debris splattered with a clanking sound.
“What do you think?”
Sirone watched silently.
“The moment I threw the teacup, the future was already decided. How many fragments and what type of fragments will it be split into? Then what about me?”
Fermi pointed to himself.
“Is it my will to take a sip of tea, or is it the action of matter? If you had turned back time, would I not have had tea?” If humans are free from the flow of time, each time vibration should produce a different result.
“Everything has already been decided. My future and your future. The world of The Abyss is not just waste. It is valuable information that has passed through all the filters of the future.”
“I see what you mean.”
According to Fermi’s method, the future of this world could be predicted to some extent.
“Sooner or later, the world may end. But what does that have to do with you selling drugs?”
“Hmm. Do you know how much I make?”
“I don’t know.”
“It’s astronomical. I can’t imagine. And that money serves as the basis for my regular eating out.”
After flipping another chip into the air, Fermi snatched it up and smiled.
“Wouldn’t it be nice to have an insurance policy?”
Sirone understood.
“Are you going to buy my magic?”
“The magic value in the transaction of depreciation is based on the rationality I have set. Yahweh’s magic. You can’t even sell the kingdom to borrow it for a while. It is too expensive.”
Fermi continued.
“But I collected them.”
It was enough to build several kingdoms.
“Of course, within the rules of eating out. You can only buy magic with money earned through trading.”
If Fermi’s words are true, two people can use Yahweh’s magic.
“Why don’t you leave it to me? You seem to be struggling quite a bit. I will save the world on your behalf.”
You can hand over all your baggage to Fermi.
The countless pains she had to endure alone so far passed through Sirone’s head.
‘ Fermi… …
I hate to admit it, but I am a strong person.
The completeness of eating out, as well as judgment, thinking, knowledge, and psychological warfare, were all close to perfect.
‘I have no intention of becoming a hero.’ It didn’t matter if Fermi could defeat Nane or save the world.
“refuse.”
At Sirone’s words, Fermi smiled.
“Well, it would be a shame to hand over a position like the Five Stars of the Ivory Tower.”
“It’s not that kind of problem. Even if you’re stronger than me, it’s the money you saved by putting countless people in pain. I cannot sell you the power of Yahweh.”
As always, Fermi wasn’t thrilled.
Whenever he saw that calm face, Shirone felt like he was caught in a snare, but he had no choice but to come to his senses.
“Then how about this?”
Fermi put his mouth to Syrone’s ear.
Sirone’s pupils widened as he listened to his whispering voice.
Gaold, standing alone on the sandy beach, watched the sun rise over the horizon.
Although he did not attack the maze after he regained consciousness, his cold attitude did not change.
Miro solved his complicated feelings with irritation.
“why? Let’s stick together one more time.”
Gangnan said.
“Gaold is not that stupid. I lost my temper when I saw you in a state of excitement, but… … For if it’s only a fraction of a second that love turns to hate, then vice versa.
‘There is still a labyrinth in his head.’
That fact made Gangnan unbearably sad.
“It’s a maze.”
Miro, hearing Gaold’s voice, approached him grumbling all the way.
“Did you call?”
Gaold caught the maze in his eyes.
A burning desire welled up in his heart, but the emotion soon turned to anger.
‘ sick.’
To Gaold, the labyrinth was pain itself.
Miro said.
“Your eyes are cruel. do you hate me that much? Then why don’t you give me a slap on the cheek instead?”
“It will work to some extent.” It was better for her to live her resentment on her than to have her get out of her head forever.
Miro looked back at the sea and said.
“Remember what we said in Zion? I told you to come back whenever you feel like you can’t take it anymore.”
“It did.”
“Can’t you come back now? Because you don’t have to fight anymore, because I’ll be by your side… …
“I’m weak and fall for it.”
Miro made an impression.
“Yes, fool! It’s all because of you! Why did you intervene in my life, I’m Lee! Honestly, I don’t like you!”
Gaold turned coldly.
“Leave. this is your last chance The next time I see you, I will not forgive you.”
Looking at Gaold’s back as he returned to Gangnan, Miro put on an absurd expression.
“you… …
Is it really the Gaold you know?
Gangnan asked.
“are you okay?”
I couldn’t dare to guess Gaold’s heart to fight to the point of hating the woman he loved.
“Let’s just leave. go to the middle continent Everything will be settled there.”
The three of them moved on, and Miro, who was left alone on the sandy beach, grinded his teeth.
“Ok, fine! That’s it for now. It was dirty to meet you, let’s not see each other again! okay?”
Gaold didn’t even respond.
“I will go back.”
If I had more of my heart here, I might lose even the will of the utmost goodness.
“I will be back!”
The only crack engraved in the spirit of the polar line made Miro’s chest throb.
‘You came to rescue me.’
It would not be an exaggeration to say that he had lived his entire life for Maze since they met at magic school.
“I’m really going crazy!”
Miro, who had made a decision, moved on vigorously and caught up with Gaold in an instant.
“Go with me! I’m going too!” Seven days after Fisho’s funeral, the demons finally took control of the capital of Kazura.
Most of the royal family was slaughtered, and the people were incorporated into the army of hell through ideological education.
“Since the psychic realm is closed, we should use humans.”
The number of demons still exceeded 200 million, but it was not their only war anymore.
“One month ahead. If Tormia is captured within it, the war will end. It is useless after that.”
Vulcan’s plan was to eliminate all humans on the planet after winning the war.
“Why?”
Because it was Harvitz’s will, the person Sumodo asked was also Harvitz, not Vulcan.
“Elimination of all humans?”
“okay. Kill them all, and we’ll die too. It’s good so far, but what is the reason?”
“Because I’m curious.”
Havitz said, stroking his mustache.
“That’s all. The first murderer must have thought this. what if i kill it? So you try to kill it. If it wasn’t so good, I wouldn’t do it again, but it’s good that I did. You can take that person’s things, and you don’t have to be annoyed by the side. That’s why a lot of people do it.”
“So there was chaos before evil. So, curiosity about the possibilities.”
Harvits nodded.
“It is the same with this war. You wonder what would happen if you killed them all? Let’s do it.”
“Maybe nothing will happen.”
Havitz’s smile was convex.
“That is fun too. Because it proves that humans are meaningless. But if it’s something special… …
Harvitz’s gaze turned to the night sky.
“What wouldn’t happen though? God has come down and you have won, would you like to say the same?”
Sumodo said.
“I hope nothing happens. that’s my taste It’s thrilling.”
“That’s when you go and decide… …
When Habitz performed incarnation, the brains of Vulcan and Sumodo stopped recognizing him.
“Tonight we’re raiding enemy lines. tell me tasha and to zeta
n……w
Harvits said.
“I’ll go for a walk.”
Vulcan and Sumodo turned their heads at the appearance of Habitz ten steps away.
‘Vanishing.’
What was truly terrifying was not that I hadn’t seen Havitz, but that he had disappeared from my head.
‘Havitz is free.’
It’s atrocious because it can do anything.
“O uh”
—-The ?
The scenery of enemy camps was captured in Natasha’s pupils, whose eyelids were neatly cut off.
His gaze was fixed, an interesting smile appeared on his lips, and he was holding his wrists with his knees bent.
‘ It’s awesome.’
It was an aura that could be felt because she was the best in the world in battle.
“What are you doing? In a strange position.”
Zetaro yawned and approached.
“excuse me.”
Natasha pointed at the enemy camp.
“There is something great. I don’t know who it is, but it feels like the world is being sucked in every time I breathe. I want to go quickly.”
“Is there anyone that strong?”
Because it was Natasha’s evaluation, not anyone else’s, even Zeta penetrated the darkness and inspected the enemy lines.
“I don’t know. Anyway, wait a bit. Because Vulcan said it was going to hit tonight. i sleep some more Oh right.”
Turning around, Zetaro suddenly realized and asked.
“Can you win?” Natasha didn’t answer.
Tess was standing guard at the Valkyrie barracks, one kilometer away from the demon army.
“It’s not unusual… …
Outwardly, there was nothing different from usual, but today, strangely, my heart was pounding.
‘Something always explodes on days like this.’
I heard Ryan’s voice.
“what? Are you still doing that?”
He came with freshly baked bread, cut it in half, and handed it to Tess.
“eat. There should be a late-night snack.”
“thank you.”
Tess raised the corners of her mouth, but it was awkward.
“Why are you like today? Restless from before. You definitely have a defensive posture.”
“I don’t know. I feel bad. It feels like someone is watching over there.”
Lian inspected the enemy lines.
“Hmm.”
the law knows
The fact that Rian and Natasha’s eyes collided head-on with a distance of 1 kilometer in between.

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 885 - Memory (4).txt
===============================
memory (4)
“emergency! It’s an emergency!”
After midnight, a detached group of demons raided the right side of Valkyrie’s camp.
“hurry! Move quickly!”
Unlike before, when it had to cover the entire Central Continent, Valkyrie’s defensive radius has become considerably narrower.
Thanks to this, more troops were concentrated than before, but the war situation was still at a disadvantage.
“Sheesh! Because I knew it would be like this!”
Tess, who was already fully prepared, mounted her horse and led her men.
“Tess.”
Ryan followed along.
“Don’t die.”
In a situation where he couldn’t just fight for Tess, that was all Lian could say.
“Don’t worry, go. sweep it away.”
As soon as Tess finished speaking, Lian turned and left the cavalry.
“Whoa!”
As the muscle twisted, it turned into the body of a yaksa, and stone fragments gushed out whenever it hit the ground.
“It’s amazing.”
The cavalry soldier, who had been watching the dust pillars rise one after another, said.
“I bet your stride is over 20 meters?” It wasn’t just the wide stride, it was rolling its legs as fast as a horse.
“Because they say it was originally the ability of a giant.”
Tess looked at the army of demons filling the horizon and took out her sword.
“Lian hits first, then we go in. Get ready.”
“yes!”
By the time the cavalry increased speed, Lian was approaching right in front of the enemy.
‘It feels different.’
It was only a detached unit, but it was on a different level from the troops that had fought before.
‘They’re elite.’
What is Vulcan thinking?
‘It doesn’t matter.’
Thoughts are what the military does, and Valkyrie’s outstanding brain must have been watching this situation.
“Big!”
Lian’s nose twisted, and fearsome power went into both hands holding the sword.
If it was a normal sword, the grip would crush the iron.
However, <Idea> received all that power and delivered an explosive sensation to the owner’s hand.
“Yaaaaa!”
The shock wave of the high straight sword that fell in a huge trajectory ripped the demons like wool.
The moon was floating in the fan-shaped landscape.
“Huh!”
Lian, who took a step from the stance of the blow, drew the sword and swung it horizontally.
The world was split again, and the bodies of the demons in the place where the flash passed were separated.
At that point, Tess’ cavalry arrived.
“Go in! Destroy it from within!”
The cavalry, encouraged by Lian’s first attack, pushed out their spears, exuding terrifying energy.
“die! Dirty demons!”
Aaaaaaaang!
The moment dozens of horses flew into the air, the cavalry finally realized.
“This, this… … !”
It was just that Lian was too strong, and the level of strength was different from the demons he had fought so far.
‘I will be isolated at this rate.’
Most of the demons had already pushed Valkyrie’s troops over several tens of meters.
“Tess!”
As he cut down the demons one by one to open the road, he saw a cavalry squad surrounded by enemies.
“Let’s retreat for now! At this rate… … !” Sensing her murderous presence, Lian stopped her steps and turned her head to where her Tess was glaring.
“What do you dream of, insignificant thing?”
A gray demon with insect legs stood with its upper body erect like a praying mantis.
There were three thin, sharp arms on the left side, and a single unusually thick arm on the right side.
“It’s an officer. Everyone be careful.”
At Tess’s instruction, the cavalry prepared their battle lines.
“I am Yoon-goe.”
He was a brigade commander belonging to the 1st Corps, which was rated as the strongest in the army of hell.
“And I am a stone statue.”
The ground thumped, but the identity of the voice was hidden in the darkness.
After a while, a tall, elongated ear like a rock
Demons with oysters occupying half of the body appeared.
While examining humans with wide eyes, he laughed, tearing the corners of his mouth to the limit.
“I’ll eat you deliciously.”
At the same time, Yunkai moved as fast as the wind and infiltrated the camp of the cavalry.
“From you.”
A huge hand flew into Tess’ face.
“Where are you?”
Natasha’s eyes moved to the left.
“Aaaaaaa!” Dozens of soldiers standing as she passed fell with their necks broken.
“Where are you?”
Valkyrie’s company commander gave the order.
“catch! I mean surround and attack!”
But to be honest, he didn’t even know what an entity could defeat his allies.
“Impossible! Can you locate… … Gagging!”
Before the report was over, a hole appeared in the soldier’s chest as if something had gone through it.
“Damn it… … !”
What do you have to show to fight?
“Chief, company commander! Ahh!”
As if there were multiple enemies, soldiers were fighting in completely different places.
“retreat! Retreat!”
The sound of the wind was heard in the company commander’s ears.
“Keugh!”
The scenery turned upside down, and when I came to my senses, my body was floating upside down.
‘how… … ?’
First of all, what is certain is that this kind of thinking is possible because the enemy did not kill himself.
A woman’s voice was heard.
“where are you?”
Natasha’s arms stretched out to the side held the back of the company commander’s neck, which had been turned upside down.
As I loosened my hands, he fell head first and hurriedly turned over and raised his head.
“Keugh!”
A woman without eyelids was looking ahead.
‘It’s Natasha.’
As if not paying attention to the situation on the battlefield, she asked without averting her gaze.
“The strongest person here, right now
Do you have D?”
The company commander realized.
‘It’s a factor assassination.’
The location of Macha’s knight was a secret, regardless of the current unit’s highest strength or skill level.
“I don’t know. How do I know?”
Natasha turned around.
“Tell me and I will save you.”
Life was precious to everyone.
“Are you promising?”
“huh. It’s so wide that it’s hard to find.”
“good. I’ll tell you where the strongest man in this unit is. right here.”
The company commander pointed at himself.
“I am the strongest soldier! So let’s fight me! What an idiot you are! Fuhahahaha!”
“… … Don’t you want to live?”
“F*ck the bullshit! The subordinates who died to you are watching from Hell! Come on! Try killing me!”
Natasha looked around.
“Were they close friends?”
“Die!”
As the company commander charged forward with his sword raised, Natasha raised her eyebrows and said,
“Sorry.”
The moment the sword cut through the air, Natasha’s body blurred and disappeared in an instant.
“what’?”
It seemed to be faster than the speed of thought, and the company commander’s thought circuit was activated later.
‘Battle doll Natasha.’
I had heard the rumor that it was the strongest fighting weapon without blood or tears.
‘How much do we know about the enemy?’
Maybe that was the point.
Tess, who twisted her body just before being caught by Yoon-kai, took a step forward and stabbed three swords.
‘heart!’
The attack went in correctly, but Yun-kai’s face remained as it was with an evil smile.
“Cheuk, actually my heart… … !”
Before he could finish his words, Yoon-kai’s body shook and was split in two up to his waist.
Lian stood between the gaping bodies.
“What about your heart?”
“Aagh!”
When I turned around at the sound of the scream, the stone statue picked up the soldier along with the horse and chewed and swallowed it.
Ododok, ohdodok.
He bit off and swallowed it bit by bit with his front teeth before grinning as he bit the leg of the soldier who only had the lower part of his body.
“it’s good.”
The soldier’s lower body, still alive, could be seen swaying at will.
When Lian and Tess, who felt anger, tried to run away together, the body of the stone statue swelled up.
“huh?”
Whoa!
“Cheak!” As the body of the stone statue was pierced, a strong wind blew through it, leaving an afterimage.
“Oops.”
Natasha, who hurriedly slowed down, stuck out her tongue in the same way she had stuck out her fist.
“I couldn’t see because it was dark.” Taking down her brigadier with her blows was no surprise compared to the speed she displayed earlier.
“Lian, that woman… …
Just as Tess was about to convey something, Natasha raised her hand after meeting Lian’s eyes.
“hi?”
The incarnation of a skeleton wearing a black robe rose from her body and disappeared together.
‘this??????!’
In front of the extreme speed, Lian gave up on his thoughts and blocked the way with a straight road.
Natasha, who had spun seven and a half times in an instant, struck the wide side of the sword with her foot.
Before the cognition could reach the brain, Lian’s arm bent and hit her chest… … .
“Gagging!”
The moment I felt the shock of stopping my breath, I had already bounced off dozens of meters.
“uh?”
Tess, who was staring straight ahead without knowing anything, belatedly turned her head.
Natasha stood in place of Lian.
‘What happened?’
It was clear that Tess wasn’t up to par, but Natasha wasn’t interested.
“I blocked it.”
Whether he blocked it knowingly or instinctively, it was true that he responded to his own speed.
“Oh, that’s right.”
Over Natasha’s shoulder, Havitz’s face came over.
“Sounds like fun, Natasha?”
Havitz’s voice was actually ringing, and his body was also real in this space.
It’s just that no one noticed it.
“Shall we check one more time?”
Not knowing that Harvitz was by her side, Natasha kicked the ground and charged Lian.
“Lian??????
As Natasha disappeared before her eyes, Tess bit her lip and prepared to chase after her.
“You can’t go. That human has to play with Natasha.”
Havitz blocked Tess’s path and pressed her stomach.
“Hang in there. I’ll go.”
Although she is unable to move forward even one step, Tess does not feel the slightest sense of incongruity.
It’s because it’s a case that doesn’t exist for her.
“You look pretty. Are you a lover?”
Havitz’s face came right up to Tess’ nose, but nothing entered her brain.
“Sergeant! We must retreat!” The cavalry soldiers said Tess was doing something.
I saw that he was walking in place as if he was blocked.
But nobody thought it strange.
“Already pushed! We must leave now.”
As the adjutant grabbed him by the shoulder, Tess, who had given up chasing Lian, turned around and clicked her tongue.
“good! follow me!”
Habitz, who watched the scene for a while, drew his sword and approached the adjutant.
“It can’t be like that.”
Grabbing the lieutenant’s head and pulling it, he bent down and the sword touched the back of his neck.
“Swipe snip.”
Even while slowly scraping up and down and cutting his throat, the adjutant talked calmly.
“You have to break through at least 300 meters. First of all, I rallied allies and said,
Finally the blade came out and the lieutenant’s head fell.
“Stea! Stea!”
Tess’ eyes were filled with murderous intent at the death of her subordinate, but there was no one to express her anger to.
“You bastards!”
Cause and effect is just an illusion of the brain
all.
In fact, in a dream, does the human brain normally resolve any causal contradiction?
“You have a pleasant dream.”
Havitz roamed leisurely around Tess, killing soldiers in sight.
Even though their limbs are cut off, their brains accept the current situation as normal… … .
“Hmm.”
Habitz, who was getting tired of the slaughter, turned to Lian while wiping his sword on the corpse.
“Shouldn’t it be over soon?”
Tess bumped into his back.

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 886 - Bae Jin Bae (1).txt
===============================
Soojin Bae (1)
“The Shinigami’s martial arts.”
The moment Natania’s voice was heard, a dull shock hit Lian’s face.
The last location to check her was 40 meters away from here.
‘At the same time as the sound??????
reached
‘No, maybe even faster than that.’
The scenery in my eyes was shaking from side to side, and I was in a situation where I couldn’t even realize where I was hit.
‘I have to keep my distance.’
Lian kicked the ground and stepped back.
If Natasha was chasing her, she would be ahead no matter what path she took.
“Yaaah!”
As the land was dug out with a large sword, a rock the size of a house rose into the air.
‘Can this be pierced?’
Lian put his foot on the rock and pushed hard.
“Haap!”
Natasha, who was charging at Lian, noticed a huge boulder flying like a cannon ball.
‘Hmm.’
The moment she got close to her eyes, the vector reversed, and as she stepped back, she threw a jab with her right hand.
Tok.
The left jab returned before the fragments could bounce off the fist-sized boulder.
Knock knock.
Her upper body, moving at the same speed as the flying object, swayed left and right quickly, causing afterimages.
Tok tok tok tok.
The two arms and fists that were supposed to be moving from the shoulders pounded the rock at an invisible speed.
Tok tok tok tok tok!
The expression of gnawing was accurate, but the speed was so fast that the rock was shattered in an instant.
“damn!”
By the time Ryan did what could be called a thought, Natasha was already in front of him.
As the fist moved back and forth at the speed that broke the rock, a heavy shock exploded throughout Lian’s body.
Natasha, who risked the delay of repeated hits and swung her fist, turned Lian’s chin.
“Keugh!”
Feeling the pain of the goal ringing, Lian slid across the floor and regained control.
“ouch??????
Natasha, who stopped with one leg raised, turned to Lian and shook her fist.
“It’s very tight. It’s a fist that can break rocks.”
Ryan was silent.
If it wasn’t for Edea’s ability to restore information, his muscles would have already been ruptured and his bones crushed.
‘If it’s just something that moves fast, I can do it too.’
However, thinking also follows the speed of nerves, so the scope of thinking was bound to narrow.
‘What happened to her?’
Natasha had no such weakness.
The reason why the eyelids were removed was because the speed was so high that even blinking was a hindrance.
‘It’s a so-called genius.’
Ryan raised his chin and said.
“You’re out of luck. There wasn’t a guy who fought with his talent and didn’t get cut by me.”
“I am a year?” Natasha pointed at Lian.
“I know what ability it is. Is that the same as Guy? The swordsmanship is also very similar.”
August Guy.
Recalling his older brother, Lian’s heart tightened again, but he buried his sorrow in his heart and said.
“Don’t get me wrong.”
Ryan pointed at himself.
“I am the source.”
right, bro?
“okay??????
As if she really didn’t know, Natasha shook her head with an interesting expression on her face.
“Are you going to do more? You’re strong, but to be honest, I don’t think you’re very good at fighting.”
By Natasha’s standards, yes.
“do not worry. Because I’ve heard that a lot. This one will not disappoint.”
Lian tightly gripped the big sword.
‘The cavalry is not coming.’
If something happened where Tess was, the battle had to end quickly.
‘The best blow.’
No matter how good his fighting sense was, it was enough to cut him down at such a speed that he couldn’t even react.
“Whoa.”
As Mach’s energy radiated, the scenery around Lian shook dizzy.
“Hoo.”
On Natasha’s bent knees, the incarnation of the god of death shone ten steel lines.
“Goes.”
At the same time as the words fell, a flash of light was born centering on Lian.
When the power of the apostate hit the ground, it roared and the ground split into hundreds of meters long.
As the powerful seismic waves advanced, the horses of the distant cavalry were thrown into confusion.
“Hoo?”
Harvits looked back.
“He’s an interesting guy.”
The realm of ideas is outside the law in that it goes beyond physics and changes information itself… … .
“But you can’t ignore the law.”
Harvits wasn’t worried.
“Just because you can rip through the cosmic curtain a little doesn’t mean you are as fast or as strong as the cosmic.”
While the two arms with torn muscles were quickly recovering information, Lian looked ahead.
Beneath Tasha’s feet, who was in a twisted posture, a straight line of cracks stretched endlessly.
Of the 10 steel wires connected to the skeleton of the god of death, 3 were severed.
“Whoa.”
Natasha, who came to her senses, let out a sigh.
“It’s really fast.”
Giving compliments means being alive, and that’s why Lian wasn’t in a good mood.
‘I dodged, the sword of apostasy.’
It was a blow that even Faust could not avoid.
‘ Maybe… …
It was a possible idea because there were only a handful of people in the world who could compete with Rian on an equal footing.
‘This woman might be the strongest.’ At least on this planet.
“Are you Lian? Mach’s swordsman.” You couldn’t read the hostility in Natasha’s eyes, but she did when she killed countless humans anyway.
“Why do you kill humans?”
Ryan asked.
“What is the reason for the war? A guy named Havits says he does it for fun, but I don’t feel any conviction in you.”
“Hmm.”
Natasha put her hand to her lips and thought.
“There is no particular reason. Actually, it’s not even fun. Is it just because I’m good at it? He said Harvits was good too.”
she smiled broadly.
“What I really like is dancing. But now I can’t.”
“why? Your athletic ability is the strongest.”
“It’s not the strongest.”
Natasha’s eyes moved sideways.
“I am just a puppet.”
Silence passed.
“Can’t we fight for humans?”
“I want to be on your side?”
“So to speak. Since you’re a human too, isn’t it better to fight the demons on the side of mankind?”
As if she hadn’t really thought about it, Tasha only shook her head after much thought.
“sorry. I don’t want to betray Harvitz. I knew it before you In fact, I don’t even know what it means.”
It certainly sounded like a screw was missing, but that made Lian frustrated.
‘There must be a clue.’
It was Han who was not good at speaking.
“Lian!”
Hearing Tess’s voice from far away, a group of cavalrymen rushed here.
Havitz was riding behind Tess, but no one noticed.
After confirming that Natasha was still alive, Tess took a long detour and arrived at Lian.
” are you okay?”
I tried to get off the horse, but it was impossible because Havitz was holding onto my waist.
Lian looked at Tess, who pretended to descend endlessly, then turned her head.
Most of the cavalrymen had one arm cut off, and some were missing an ankle.
Even after seeing the bleeding, Lian’s brain took it for granted… … .
‘what?’
My stomach rumbled a little.
‘Am I missing something?’
It was a great thing to have doubts.
‘I can’t stand it because I’m anxious.’ The realm of idea?
Or a fresh feeling when you first encounter an incident that happened in a different space?
‘It must be because of my mood.’
But in the end, humans cannot give up their brains.
“Rian, why? Your face is pale.”
Tess got off her horse and approached Lian when Harvitz loosened her back.
“Nothing. Rather… …
Lian’s words cut off as Harvits decapitates the man over Tess’s shoulder.
‘What the hell!’
Harvits smiled and turned around.
“You better decide quickly. If you kill them all, it’s your girlfriend’s turn next.”
Saying that, he shoved a knife into another soldier’s back, and the blade came out of his chest.
The blade was clearly reflected in Lian’s retina, but his brain treated it as not there.
“Let’s go back. You are not feeling well right now.”
The soldiers were dying even as Tess, who had confirmed Natasha’s location, was pulling Lee An’s arm.
“Tess??????
Ryan hesitated.
‘Should I speak? no, room to explain
There is no law.’
would say it’s crazy
It was like clapping and then there was a sound, and it was like saying it was so weird.
“There are three left.”
Havitz, who was killing the cavalry, gradually approached Tess and swung her sword.
“2 people.”
Rian’s shoulders shook as he watched the soldier’s neck snap.
‘I’m missing something important.’
There are times in my life when I suddenly feel bad, but it seemed like I exploded it tens of thousands of times.
“The last one.”
The cavalry was annihilated, and Habitz approached Tess with her sword hanging down on her back.
“?????Tess.”
“huh?”
Even if it was crazy, it didn’t matter.
“Get down!”
The moment Havitz raised his sword horizontally, Lian pressed down on Tess’ shoulder.
“Yaaaaa!”
Then, with all his might, he threw a blow into the air that was enough to wipe out the entire surroundings.
Woooooooooooooooooooooooooh!
A huge shockwave containing the law of Macha flew towards the nape of Habitz’s neck.
0.666 seconds of that event.
“Ooooooooooo!”
A group of 12 Siok came up from the ground and surrounded Habitz in a circle.
Attacks were applied at every time except for 0.666 seconds, and Natasha moved quickly.
Tess closed her eyes as the sound of the world splitting apart vibrated her eardrums.
“Keugh!”
Waiting for the pain to subside, she jumped up from her seat and shouted.
“What are you doing all of a sudden?” Ryan shut her mouth tightly.
His eyes were on the ground two meters away from where Tess was standing.
‘What is this?’
Twelve black holes circled there, as if a fire had been lit there.
‘It wasn’t until a little while ago.’
Maybe you haven’t seen it. That’s why this alone can’t be proof that you’re not crazy… … .
‘no. There must have been something.’ An abnormal phenomenon existed here.
“Ki-yi-yi-yi!”
At that moment, a monstrous bird flew in from the camp of the demons and made a strange cry.
‘Retreat signal.’
Natasha confirmed the position of the moon and said.
“Let’s play again next time.”
As soon as she kicked off the ground, her body evaporated, and Habitz approached Lian.
“Interesting. I think it’s called Edea. He’s worth watching.”
It is everywhere, but no one can feel it.
“One day I will take over all the links. Until then, it’s better to diligently dig up the secret.”
It was a whisper from Satan.
When Havitz left the place and released the incarnation technique beyond the radius, Tess’ eyes widened.
“Oh, this can’t be… … !”
It was only when he saw the dead bodies of soldiers lying all over the place that everything came together.
“There was Havitz.”
He got in his way, killed his men, and even rode here with them.
“How, how could you not know? No, I knew. I knew! Ryan!”
Ryan also gulped.
“Haviz… …
The 12 holes made in the place where Shiok had been were looked like passages into hell.

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 887 - Bae Jin Bae (2) 2.txt
===============================
bae jin (2)
The detached unit that had raided Tess’ unit retreated before establishing a special record.
2 days after that.
“Urgent news! An army of 20 million demons is moving south in the northwest area!”
“report! 40 million in the northern mountains……
pouring rain.
Iruki watched the entire Demon Army move simultaneously on the 3D strategic map.
‘It’s an all-out war.’
Check the reaction of the enemy with the raid two days ago and design the perfect movement line with the mob.
It was meant to swallow the central continent.
‘It’s good so far.’
Even from the standpoint of Iruki, who fought with the determination of mutual destruction, it was important to attract the enemy.
‘The problem is time.’
At least 10 more days were needed before the elemental bomb could be deployed in combat.
‘Overdrive.’ As electricity flew in Iruki’s eyes, the accident began to develop at superhuman speed.
‘I can earn 12 hours this way.’ As numerous strategies went through the process of combining and discarding, ways to buy time came to mind.
‘About 48 hours until here… … At the sight of her nose bleeding, Aromi, the attendant secretary, bit her lip.
‘It must be an accident that transcends human logic.’
Only Iruki can do it.
The more that happens, the more the brain’s durability will drop rapidly, but the person concerned didn’t care.
‘Four days earned. But it’s still not enough.’
He had to find a way to keep the demon army from reaching Tormia for at least six days.
‘This is it! 5 days with this! Then feel…’
Iruki, who was absorbed in his thoughts, did not know that his eyes were bleeding.
After 10 minutes, Iruki rolled his eyes and collapsed vomiting blood.
“Sir General!”
Aromi came running with a towel and wiped off the blood, but Iruki stood up.
“Please reorganize the strategic map.” As the commanders unfolded the new strategic map, Iruki wandered around and moved his troops.
Everyone who checked the results he put out with their own eyes shuddered with an astonished expression.
“This way… …
Iruki stopped raising his hand.
“Seven days from here.”
The commanders swallowed their saliva.
“The deployment you see now will be exactly the 7th day army. In a normal way, this is the limit.”
“Then if it’s an unusual way
……’?”
Iruki’s face contorted in pain.
“The way to earn the remaining three days is very extreme. In fact, you can think of it too.”
Everyone looked at the map again, and the faces of a few quick-thinkers went pale.
“Seriously, no way… …
Iruki moved the large army.
“Deploy all forces in the vicinity to the Kanian Plateau. I can keep my feet tied here for three days.”
That is to say.
“But, Commander-in-Chief, the Kanian Plateau is an unfavorable terrain for humans. So far… …
The enlightened commander kept his mouth shut.
“yes. It’s going to be a tough fight. Estimated damage is at least 200,000 people. But if we can’t block it here, the 7 days earned normally have no meaning.”
If it was a strategy that came from Iruki’s head, this should be the only way.
‘The most difficult thing is the General Commander.’
Iruki was agitated.
“I think it’s a bad strategy. No one wants to fight an unfavorable fight. But if we don’t stop here, humanity will be annihilated by the demons.
is.”
“… … Why don’t you decide by voting?”
It was not a vote to oppose.
“no. There are no votes. The fewer people responsible, the better. That must be the seat of the general military.”
“but… …
It’s not Iruki’s fault.
If there was a better way, I would have found it even if it cost my brain to burn right away.
“Nothing will change. Having to fight a little harder doesn’t mean it’s not a war. We will come up with the best strategy under the premise of earning 3 days.
is.”
Iruki then wiped his face with a towel.
“The detailed strategy meeting will be in 30 minutes. Please forward it to each department.”
Iruki needed a break.
All the commanders had left, and Aromi, the only one left, spoke.
“I think we should vote.” Iruki only smiled.
“I don’t think anyone is making an arbitrary judgment. Your thoughts are the thoughts of mankind. You don’t have to deal with it alone.”
If I can’t think as much as Iruki, I want to share at least some responsibility with him.
“It is not a weight that will be lightened by sharing. and… … Because there are also accusations that you must personally take responsibility for.”
“What are you talking about?”
Iruki looked at the map.
‘ sorry.’
Although the terrain was only a model, he could see that he was fighting somewhere in the terrain.
“I take all responsibility. Instead of… …
Iruki opened his heavy mouth.
“Can I request a personnel transfer?
yo. this?” The 2nd Legion’s subordinate wizards.
Garcia, the commander of the corps, stepped forward in response to an urgent order from the Valkyrie headquarters.
All the senior officers of the battalion commander or higher gathered, and Amy took her last seat.
“For the next 7 days, the 2nd Corps will make a rapid march to the Canian Plateau. You can omit the small skirmishes.”
The pens of the commanders who were taking notes suddenly stopped.
“You mean the Canian Plateau?”
“I said that a while ago. Aren’t you focused? Are you still the brigade commander?”
“sorry! However, Kanian Highlands is not under the jurisdiction of the 2nd Corps, and strategically… …
The brigade commander, who had read the death sentence in Garcia’s eyes, shut his mouth and straightened his upper body.
A cold silence passed.
“… … What do you mean?”
“no! I will correct it!”
The military discipline was solemn, but the same thought was running through the heads of the officers.
‘It’s the essence of drainage.’
It was impossible to accurately read the command’s intentions on the spot, but this was certain.
‘It needs a life to replace. A lot of that too.’
Amy was not afraid.
‘I’m not an Iruki who would sacrifice his allies easily. If you think in the opposite way, there is a chance of reversal.’
This is a strategy that humanity can win.
“I know what you are thinking.” Garcia said.
“It is not a soldier who only wages a winning war. he’s a mercenary For a soldier, life is another fighting force. I am not going to die. it’s going to fight If there is anyone who cannot tolerate this, speak up now.” no one gave up
“Give orders to each unit. A large herpes is formed immediately after eating lunch. Don’t miss out. It is a rapid march.”
“yes!”
As the officers left in 10th order, Garcia turned to Amy.
“The 6th Battalion Commander of the Magic Unit.”
“yes! Lieutenant Colonel, Karmis Amy!”
“You stay a while.”
It was unusual to request a private meeting at a military meeting even if it was between a teacher and a teacher.
“All right!”
After everyone left, there was no word, so Amy, who was sitting in the last seat, turned her head.
“Do you have anything else to say?”
“Hmm, there was a request for a personnel transfer from the higher up. Pack your bags when you go back.”
“yes? Say hello?”
Garcia nodded.
“As of this time, you belong to the Tormia Capital Defense Command, not the magic unit. Since the space movement magic circle has been permitted, jump and go to Baska.”
‘Tormia?’
After blinking for a moment, Amy slammed the table in a surge of shame.
“What are you talking about!”
It was not something she could do in front of the corps commander, but Garcia understood her.
“Why was I the only one drafted to the rear when all units are leaving for a dangerous mission? Why?”
“The contents of the upper part are as follows. By highly appreciating Karmis Amy’s ability to train troops… …
“Master!”
Amy screamed loudly.
Garcia said in a lower voice than before.
“Among the high priests of the temple, there is no one who does not want you to die.”
Amy remembered one person.
‘Iruki!’
The teeth were chipped.
“I can’t admit it! Taking troops to the rear in this way is a privilege and an excess of authority!”
“Maybe, maybe not.” Garcia flipped his hand over.
“It doesn’t matter. you are a talented person You can make a good judgment that you don’t want to consume it in this way.”
“But why me! There are plenty of people who are better than me in the Second Corps!”
“Those who have told me… … Don’t you know the answer yourself?
“I protest! I’m not leaving! I will march with the 6th Battalion!”
“That I do not allow.” Garcia said with cold eyes.
“Orders do not distinguish between life and death. It’s like a soldier obeying orders to die, so it’s the same this time. It is unacceptable for a single battalion commander to go against the chain of command.”
“Master. Are you telling me to be a coward? What do you say to your subordinates? Since I’m going to run away, should I tell you to run hard towards the limb?”
“That too is your responsibility. All I want to say is, go back to Baska quickly. It is an order.”
Amy, who was trembling with clenched fists, quickly turned around.
“I will come back.”
Garcia was speechless.
While the crew were eating lunch, Amy slipped her backpack over her shoulder and came out.
They didn’t show it outwardly, but their gaze hurt Amy more than arrows.
The men who put down the tableware raised a salute.
“Are you leaving now?”
“I’m not leaving, I’m going back and forth because I have business in Tormia for a while. I’ll be back soon, so make sure to crack down on the unit.”
The men smiled, but no one would have thought it was sincere.
“Do not worry. There is something I learned from the battalion commander, and I think I will be able to do well.”
I said it because I heard that he was transferred to the Capital Defense Command as an education officer.
“okay. request.”
She wanted to show it through actions, not words, so Amy turned around without making excuses.
On the way to leave the base, I heard the soldiers’ voices.
“Did you hear? I heard that the only officer in the corps was deployed to the rear? That too is an education officer.”
“Sheesh! Some go on a limb, some flirt with young guys from their comfort zone. This is why people need to have a solid background.”
The fact that Oh Dae-seong of the Ivory Tower was Amy’s lover was now an open secret.
“Honestly, I don’t understand. You know how cruel the demons are, right? Gedda
It’s a battle with little chance of winning, but if you’re like me, would you want to let go of your lover?”
“Who said what? If that’s the case, don’t jump into the battlefield from the beginning. Like this and that, just to make morale go down.”
Listening to them, Amy’s face turned red uncontrollably.
‘Iruki, you bastard!’
The reason why Amy left the unit was not just because she was ordered.
‘I sincerely hope it’s not you.’ It wasn’t a situation where I could say that it was Iruki.
‘But if it’s you, you’ll have to convince me at all costs. If you can’t… …
Amy’s crimson eyes burned red.
‘Because I’ll know exactly what the underworld is.’
The duration of the rapid march is 7 days.
To rejoin the unit, Amy quickly ran towards the space movement magic circle.

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 888 - Bae Jin Bae (3).txt
===============================
Bae Jin Bae (3)
Valkyrie Command.
At the end of the mining of the Arca Mountains, Dorothy came to Iruki with the payment documents.
“93 percent of expected mining volume. Would this be sufficient to say that the mission was completed?”
Iruki nodded his head as he signed.
“great job.”
Dorothy’s lips pouted.
“what? Do you mean ‘You worked hard’?”
“You know my personality.”
Dorothy thought that Iruqi was blunt, but he was by no means cold.
“You tend to fool yourself. Did you honestly want to say something else? For example love… …
“Let’s go get something to eat. What do you want to eat?” Only then did Dorothy realize.
“What are you doing?”
No matter how difficult the situation, he never expressed himself, but today he seemed nervous.
As Iruki turned around without saying a word, Dorothy followed up and persistently questioned him.
“Why are you doing that? you can tell me Is it because of the war?”
“no. don’t mind… …
The moment Iruki grabbed the doorknob and opened the door, he heard a woman’s voice.
“I came to see the General Commander!” When Dorothy poked her head out, a group of people were scrambling at the end of the hallway.
“you! Do you know where I am right now? Do you think a single battalion commander will be able to meet the Valkyrie General Commander at will?”
“You can at least say something! That bastard, no, General Commander-in-Chief, will definitely let you meet.”
“Amy?”
Dorothy’s eyes widened.
“What happened? Why is Amy here?”
“I called.”
Iruki gave a short answer and gestured to Aromi.
“I ask you to come in.”
I know that Iruki and Amy are friends, but Aromi also had something to protect.
“But, Commander-in-Chief, this is the Valkyrie HQ. It is a violation of discipline for the lower end of the chain of command to hold the general military alone without going through due process.”
“Then what legal procedure is needed for a lieutenant colonel-level officer to treat me alone?”
Power entered Aromi’s eyes.
“No such law exists.”
Understanding what she wanted to say, Iruki nodded and entered the room.
“I ask you to come in.”
Ten minutes later, Amy knocked on the door and opened the door.
“Amy.”
Dorothy greeted her warmly, but when she saw Amy’s expression, she lowered her hand.
After an awkward moment, Amy straightened her posture and saluted.
“Loyalty. Lieutenant Colonel Karmis Amy. Requesting an interview with General Commander Valkyrie.”
Iruki did not receive a salute.
“It’s okay, it’s strange.”
And he said to Dorothy.
“I’m out for a minute.”
It was judged that there was nothing good to watch, but that’s why Dorothy couldn’t leave.
“no. You’re not even talking about the military anyway, are you? Then I deserve to hear it too.”
said Amy.
“doesn’t care. I won’t talk too long.”
Iruki let out a small sigh.
“Okay, what do you want to say?”
“You know?”
Amy took a step forward.
“As of yesterday noon, my position has changed. As a training officer at the Capital Defense Command.”
“know.”
Amy’s eyebrows twitched.
“Did you order it?”
“okay.”
Her fists were clenched.
“why? Why?”
“Education in the rear is just as important as fighting in the front. Your troop training ability is even among officers… …
“Iruki.”
Amy asked again in a low voice.
“Why?”
While Dorothy was stumped by the threatening atmosphere, Iruki spat out as if tossing it.
“You look like you want to hit one.”
“I just want to know the truth. Why did you send me to the rear? Because I am your friend?” “I’ll promise. To be honest, I would never get angry. Is that really the only reason you pulled me out of limb?”
Iruki’s mouth opened slowly.
“okay.”
At the same time as the words fell, Amy punched Iruki in the face.
Dorothy hurriedly supported him as Iruki rolled on the floor with a crackling sound.
“Iruki! are you okay?”
When she turned her head, an excited Amy was approaching with her fists raised.
“not there yet.”
Dorothy held out her hand.
“No head! Except for this, he is a corpse!”
Thinking it made sense, Amy lifted her foot and aimed at Iruki’s abdomen.
Dorothy held out her hand.
“Not even here! This is mine.” Tears welled up in Amy’s eyes.
“… … What do you know?”
Iruki still had a calm expression on his face.
“Do you know how much I trained to get to this point and how many deaths I passed through?”
“I don’t know.”
Iruki straightened his upper body and sat down.
“I don’t need to know that to save you. I made my decision and I will take responsibility. The junior officer is quietly in the rear.”
Only then did Dorothy understand the situation.
‘That’s how it happened.’
I understood the shame Amy must have felt and the anguish of Iruki who had to make a decision despite knowing it.
Amy stepped down.
“I can’t accept it. I know it’s a waste of time, but that’s why I’m here. send me back to the wire That’s what you can do.”
“no. I’m a general. If you want to protest, we can send you to a brig instead of the Capital Defense Command.”
“… … is that what you want My subordinates and comrades are all dying, but I alone cowardly survive’?”
“okay.”
“you… … !”
Just as Amy was about to swear, Iruki screamed with a distorted face.
“Just live a little!”
It was the first time I had seen Iruki get angry since his days at magic school.
Iruki jumped up.
“I’m already disturbed, but I’m annoying you! Do you know what instructions I gave you? Do you want to know the truth like that? can you tell me If you go there, everyone will die! 99% chance of death! Do you know what I mean? You will surely die if you go there, you idiot!”
Once the emotions exploded, I couldn’t control it.
“How about being cowardly? I took responsibility for everything to see you off! Is it thanks to having a military friend? How about then? Even if you feel ashamed, bear with it! They say I’ll take care of everything if you just keep your mouth shut!”
“I understand your heart. But Iruki… …
“shut up! how do you know my heart Does my head look like a delusional brain? Death is obviously calculated, so let me go? Don’t you think sirone? If you die, if you die horribly there, do you think I’ll be able to see Sirone’s face? I just want to live!”
Amy found another face hidden in the face of Iruki, who was building blood.
‘I’m not angry.’
Tears ran down Amy’s cheeks.
‘That Iruki… …
He seemed terrified.
It’s the first time I’ve been angry, but it’s the first time I’ve been so afraid… … .
‘It’s not a lie.’
If Iruki were to die, he would really die.
“I see what you mean. And I fully understand your feelings and your desire to save me.”
Eimi couldn’t say for sure that he wouldn’t do it like Iruki from the opposite position.
“But Sirone’s lover, before I am your friend, I am a soldier. It’s my own, not defined by anyone else. And soldiers, you can’t do that.”
Iruki leaned against the desk and lowered his head.
“Did you not hear me? die if you go If you’re crazy about wanting to die, you can do as you please.”
Amy shook her head.
“I don’t want to die. Of course I want to live. I want you to live happily with Sirone and your friends. But you know what? As long as I want to live… … I struggled to hold back my tears.
“Other people will want to live too. Even so, we are fighting to protect humanity.”
Iruki said in a hoarse voice.
“… … Every time I give orders, at least thousands die. Sad news keeps coming. Where 10,000 died, where 100,000 died. Like an hallucination, it lingers endlessly.”
It won’t be a place where you can stay sane.
“It is a terrible thing. Even if you don’t want to imagine what it’s like for 100,000 to die, it appears in your dreams. But no imagination… …
Iruki covered his head.
“It cannot be compared to your death. Every time I think of a face I know, a look I know, a pain I know, I feel like going crazy.”
“Iruki.”
Amy smiled sadly as she approached Iruki and stroked his cheeks.
Iruki raised his head with tears in his eyes.
“Once you get there, I can’t help you under any circumstances. It scares me so much.”
Amy said with a pitiful look.
“Iruki… …
my dear friend.
Trapped in a completely lonely gray matter secret room, how much did you think and worry about?
‘Because he’s more cool than anyone else.’
The current situation was unbearably frightening.
Dorothy wiped away her tears.
‘Amy, can’t we just stay here? Since it happened like this, can’t we just live?’
The words soared in his throat, but he was just a fool in front of Amy’s beliefs.
Amy said firmly.
“don’t worry. I can overcome any situation. i am a soldier There is nothing scary in the world.”
I didn’t say I would live.
“Send me back to the battlefield. My subordinates are as important to me as I am to you. I don’t want to drive them to limb and vouch for them alone. I understand?”
“You are really stubborn.”
“haha.”
Amy, who thought she had heard the answer, slowly stepped back and saluted.
“I will return to the unit.” Even though he was going to the limb, his eyes were more alive than when he first entered, and Iruki let out a sigh.
“… … Approve.”
Only then did Amy open the door with a satisfied smile and waved at the two of them.
“I’m sorry for coming in all of a sudden. I’m too busy with work, so I’ll go first. have a good time.”
I had to diligently catch up from now on so that I could keep pace with the rapid march of the unit.
“Emmy… …
Dorothy tried to say something, but Amy had already closed the door and left.
“You don’t want to leave room for emotion.”
After going around the table, Iruki sat down on a chair and buried his face in his hands.
“Iruki, are you okay?”
“Can you be okay? Anyway, I need to know that you have a tyrannical personality since your school days.”
The reason Dorothy couldn’t get closer was because Iruki’s shoulders were shaking.
“damn??????
I thought I could do anything.
‘I’m sorry, Sirone. I couldn’t dry it. Even if I was beaten to death, I had to stop it… …
I thought so at first.
No matter what kind of criticism I received, even if it meant not seeing Amy for the rest of my life, I was determined to persevere.
“I couldn’t stop it!”
I couldn’t break her convictions.
“Sorry. I’m sorry, Sirone!”
Dorothy affectionately hugged Iruki’s shoulders, who were bursting with tears.
“Get out of the way! Bye”
E that has been approved by the Valkyrie Command
Imi ran toward the space movement magic circle.
Although the time was tight, it wasn’t a distance where you couldn’t join if you diligently caught up.
‘Wait, these guys. I’m coming.’ The faces of the members who were to welcome them shimmered, and the unit’s morale would soar.
Amy’s eyes sparkled with life.
“Never give up.”
Even if death awaited me, I would not succumb to fear.

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 889 - Bae Jin Bae (4).txt
===============================
Bae Jin Bae (4)
The 2nd Valkyrie Legion, which was stationed in various places, marched rapidly toward the Kanian Plateau.
Fraud was the worst.
“Sheesh! Is this the result of devoting your whole life to training? To become a meat shield for the demons.”
“Didn’t you hear the general? It’s a war anyway. It’s not about being tied up and being dragged away, it’s about going to fight.”
“gibberish. All those who live are meant to live. You heard about it, Lieutenant Colonel of the Magic Corps.”
Personnel transfer is common in the military, but it was a powerful poison in a situation that required noble sacrifices like now.
“I heard that you are acquainted with the top leadership. I wish. We fight when we want to fight, and we fall when we want to quit.”
“It’s a woman. So what do you see? To save one life, you did that with a few guys… …
someone cut off
“Hey, infantry.”
The members of the 6th Battalion of the Wizards walking beside them were revealing that they were going to die.
“Watch your mouth. Then the jaw is torn.”
The foot soldiers who checked the marks on their uniforms shut their mouths with displeased expressions.
‘Unlucky wizards.’
Even if the ranks were the same, the treatment between infantry and magicians in the army was vastly different.
“Did I say something wrong?”
Normally, it would have stopped here, but the foot soldiers were also very sensitive to the stress of death.
“Don’t be so arrogant about using some magic. If your boss ran away, you’d feel ashamed. Or what? Did you guys also get and eat her rice cake dumplings from her?”
“what? The woman?”
Berik of the magic unit violated military law and left the ranks, grabbing the neck of an infantryman.
“Say it again. Is she that woman?”
“Keugh! Aren’t you going to let this go?”
The infantry had a way to respond if they were in close contact, but they didn’t want to be covered in shit together.
“Go back, you bastard. If you want to die, you die alone. Don’t get me involved in it.”
“why? You made a lot of noise when you insulted the lieutenant colonel, so you don’t want to die either, do you?”
The company commander’s voice fell like lightning.
“what’s the matter!”
The magic unit’s colleagues stopped Berik, and the infantrymen’s faces turned pale.
The company commander of the infantry unit confirmed that the soldiers of the magic unit had left the procession.
“These are crazy! War is a joke! You two are out of line! I will behead you by martial law!”
Currently, the only thing Valkyrie could rely on was discipline, so even the company commander had no mercy.
“Stop it.”
All the commanders must have had the same opinion, so the company commander turned his head away unable to hide his anger.
“ah??????
Corps commander Garcia was sitting on a horse.
“Loyalty!”
It was no coincidence that he stopped by the 6th Battalion after following a long procession on patrol.
‘It turns out like this.’
This was the reason why the Valkyrie General Commander’s authority was all about saving one person.
‘It would have been better if there had been no exceptions’
only… …
What he realized while fighting countless battles with the demons is that the general’s resourcefulness transcends that of humans.
‘There must be a reason.’
There was no dissatisfaction with what he judged, whether it was personal feelings or the strategic big picture.
“Hey, what is your job title?”
Garcia asked Verique.
“Corporal Berrik! I am the 3rd squad leader of the 6th Battalion! My job is fire magic ranged support and wide area kill!”
“It is right to act to protect the honor of your superior. But you cannot get what you want by breaking military law.”
“sorry!”
Soldiers cannot speak for a long time, so they shout with all their emotions in one word.
Garcia confirmed Verique’s look in his eyes, saying that he would accept any disposition.
“Return to heat. If the same thing happens next time, then I will behead you immediately.”
“yes!”
As Berik ran quickly and joined the ranks, the watching colleagues let out a sigh.
“Yumma, are you crazy? Why do you do that? Don’t you know that the atmosphere in the unit is really bad right now?”
“It popped out without me knowing. don’t worry. I will never make this mistake again.”
“you… … Did you really like it, battalion commander?”
I felt it from the moment Amy took away the resolution, but I didn’t expect it to be this serious.
“it’s okay. It’s all in the past.”
Berrik’s expression, which had been lost in thought, returned to that of a soldier.
“It’s better. I’m not someone I can protect, and Ivory Tower Oh Dae-seong is my lover… …
It was enough to think that their world was separate.
“engagement!”
A sound was heard from the front.
“engagement! engagement!”
Reports were delivered from the front of the procession, and all soldiers were ready to fight at once.
“What, all of a sudden?”
He was in the middle of moving, bypassing the demon troops as much as possible.
“45 degrees to the right!”
The moment the soldiers turned their heads at the instructions delivered again, there was a bang and an explosion.
“Kiaaa!”
Demons all at once came out of the forest on a high hill and started running downhill.
“Magic troops! to position!”
The number of demons was only a few hundred, and they were annihilated by the army’s fire.
“Is it a loser? But there will be no battle?”
The grass rustled as countless eyes watched the forest, wary of additional troops.
“come! preparation!”
Just as the company commander was about to give the order to fire, a tree branch opened and Amy appeared.
“Whoa, I found it.”
It is a place where thousands of lungs breathe, but to my surprise, I couldn’t hear a single breath.
“Captain… …
The first thing I realized was her direct subordinate, the 6th Battalion, and words came from other units as well.
“who is this? The military uniform is Valkyrie.”
“Get out of the way.”
As Garcia drove the horse, accompanied by general-level commanders, the troops split apart like water.
It was a familiar face to Garcia, but his expression was rather cold.
“Lieutenant Colonel, why are you here?” Amy, who held out an official document from her arms, saluted as she lowered it again.
“Report! Lieutenant Colonel Karmis Amy! As of this time, we have been ordered to return to the 6th Battalion of the Wizards!”
“uh?”
The soldiers of the 6th Battalion turned to each other and raised their arms and cheered.
“Waaaaaaa!”
It felt like winning a war.
Excited Berrik shouted as he pointed at the infantryman who had just grabbed him by the collar.
“Did you see it! This is the Magic Squad! This is us!”
Likewise, the foot soldier who was watching Berrik raised the corner of his mouth and shrugged.
In a situation where you can see the morale going up, Garcia also regained his smile.
“Ten minutes break.”
It was the maximum consideration that could be given in a busy situation, and the division commander raised his hand and shouted.
“With this, there is no exception in the Second Corps! Fight together, die together, win together! We are one!”
“We are one!”
Although unintentional, Amy’s return breathed life into the despairing unit.
As Amy slipped down the hill and joined the procession, her men gathered.
“Captain! What happened? Are you really back?”
Amy raised a fist.
“of course. You said you’d be back soon. Hopefully you guys… … You don’t believe me’?”
“haha! Could it be? I firmly believed that the only person to command the strongest 6th battalion was the lieutenant colonel.”
“Anyway, I mean… …
Amy approached Berik, who was standing with a sullen expression, and stabbed him in the side.
“Hey, did you miss me? huh? I miss you?”
“Oh, don’t do it, please!”
Contrary to expectations, when it came out harshly, Amy asked with her big eyes blinking.
“Why is he like this again? Are you dissatisfied with me?”
“haha! It’s because I like it so much. Actually, this guy was with the infantry over there a little while ago… …
“ah! ah! ah! ah! ah!”
Berik, who hastily cut off his words with an angry expression, said with a stern frown.
“It comes when it comes, no fuss. Let’s not do this to be embarrassing.”
Amy laughed softly.
“what. Ji is making more noise. Anyway, be prepared from now on. I won’t let you go if you fall behind.”
As Amy took the lead, a colleague approached Berich and said quietly.
“why are you like this? I thought you would go crazy because you liked it the most.”
“Who hates it?”
I could see Amy’s back moving away.
“??????why?”
Why the hell did you come back?
‘I’m going to die anyway. A splendid life different from ours awaits you… …
The reason is unknown, but Berrik felt like he had won in a different way from the other soldiers.
The army of hell, numbering 200 million, was gathering toward Tormia.
Victory news everywhere.
The morale of the army soared, but the expression of the balkan looking at the map was quite serious.
“It’s really great.”
Even the Balkans who read the military discipline finally realized it only after 4 days had passed since they had decided on an all-out war.
“How can I extend 10 days?”
If you are in the same position… … he wouldn’t have been able to do it.
“what? Are we in danger?” Vulcan shook his head at Sumodo’s question.
“no. It’s a war of attrition anyway. We have an overwhelming advantage with large numbers. The important thing is the reason for taking the time.”
“Why?”
“I don’t know. I can’t even read the military standard. I mean, it’s a covert job. However, a strategy that requires this level of security cannot be very destructive.” It was common sense of war until now.
“yes. Espionage warfare usually strikes you in the gut.”
“hmm. But we don’t have a vital point. It’s getting on my nerves. This young military bastard.”
Numerous military standards were read in the eyes of Vulcan, who was piercing the power chart.
“Shall we take one?”
All the human armies he had gathered so far were moved to one place.
“If you do this, 10 to 8 days.” I see Valkyrie’s invisible brain clutching her head and screaming.
It seemed.
“Quack. How are you, baby?”
Vulcan’s eyes shone evilly.
“War, isn’t it fun?”
Iruki hit the table with a bang.
Empty bottles tumbled to the floor, and a roar of rage erupted from his throat.
“Aaaaaaa!”
No one thought he was drunk.
“ha! ha!”
Iruki’s hair had already turned white with more than half of her gray hair.
‘why?’
It was an unexpected number.
‘Why are you dragging me into a predicament? What is the reason for doing this to the extent of lowering the level of perfection of tactics?’
The war, risking the lives of all mankind, seemed to him just a game of cards.
‘Do you bet without looking at the hand?’
If it’s chess, it’s like closing your eyes and letting go.
However, because of that, it became a case of stabbing a blind spot hidden in the infinite probability.
‘It’s impossible.’ The probability of engagement increased significantly, but there was no way to recover the lost two days.
‘There must be a way. no, it must be If I didn’t do it, the 2nd Corps would be annihilated.
“Huhhh…”
The commanders noticed that Iruki’s hair was gradually turning white.
“Chong, Commander-in-Chief, resting for a bit made Iruki’s face wrinkled.
‘doesn’t exist. does not exist.’
It was concluded.
“It’s done. A strategy is a law that requires an opponent. If you destroy the rules, there is no way to respond.”
The commander comforted him.
“Don’t beat yourself up. Commander-in-Chief “But.”
Iruki stopped talking.
“It is my strategy that is over, not the war.”
“What is that… …
Iruki’s eyes shone fiercely.
‘There must be a variable.’
It was a gamble for Iruki as well, if it was driven by probabilities rather than numbers.

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 890 - Bae Jin Bae (5) 1.txt
===============================
Bae Jin Bae (5)
20 thousand.
It was the size of the human army that Havitz had gathered while invading the Central Continent.
It was incorporated through ideological education, but the effect of education was insignificant anyway.
‘It’s a miracle just to have survived… …
It was rather what they wanted to be incorporated into the army of Hell, which was on the verge of conquering the world.
‘If you win the war, you can get great wealth. No, I might be able to become a king.’
As the number of humans decreased, so did the competition.
‘200,000 of us share the things enjoyed by 6 billion people. Even with a simple calculation, the share that goes back to each person is… …
Everything enjoyed by a population of approximately 3,000 people.
‘Because a single soldier is that much.’ He had been a lieutenant commander and now became a general, his face burning with excitement.
all.
‘My life is also blooming.’
The reason humans don’t want to go to hell is probably because there is no pleasure there.
‘It’s good that I joined the army of hell.’
If it was money, it was human to sell even the soul.
When Iruki and Vulcan had a showdown of resourcefulness, everything was clear.
There were rules, and variables were controllable.
Among them, the strategy was perfect or lacking, and did not cross that category under any circumstances.
However, if you take your eyes off the board and look outside, in reality, in this world, numerous probabilities are moving.
It can be good, it can be bad, everything can be gained or everything can be lost.
‘If it’s just a contest to see who’s lucky, I’ll accept it.’
Iruki looked down at the map.
“Because the odds are half and half anyway.”
The place where the eyes reach, was the Teira Mountains that had been left in the mind for a very long time.
Deep in the mountains of the Teira Mountains.
A tall man, skinny like a skeleton, and a girl with black hair covering one eye were walking along a mountain path.
The man was wearing round sunglasses, and had a long horse-like face and a slightly crooked nose.
Even the girls were not inferior in their gloomy aura, but their skin was as white as white jade, and they had a timid appearance.
The man’s nickname is Kitaru Man.
She was one of the famous 7 Madou Girls in the Black Line and one of the world’s top 100 dangerous people.
He was also a wizard who was regarded as the best in the world along with Sein in spirit-related magic.
The reason he is called Kitaru Man is because he has a D-class object <Gitaru>.
<Gitaru>, a language that probably means guitar, is not a combatively powerful object.
However, it was the best equipment for musicians who could play the sounds of all instruments at the same time.
Silence, endless silence.
The two of them hadn’t exchanged a word from four years ago, but that silence has now become language.
The girl stopped walking.
While the guitar man, who checked the time, sat down and chewed on the beef jerky, the girl went into the woods.
Looking around indifferently, she lowered her panties and sat down to urinate.
pee.
When he finished his errands and left the forest, Kitaru Man’s beef jerky was all in his mouth.
U 99
??????
The girl stared intently.
Then, Kitaru Man spat out what he was chewing on the palm of his hand and held it out.
Massive chunks of beef jerky.
But the girl gladly picked it up, put it in her mouth, and mumbled deliciously.
The two are still silent. As Kitaru Man grabbed his guitar case and stood up, a girl followed after her, munching on beef jerky.
An endless meadow.
Coincidentally, the Valkyrie and the army of hell were confronting each other at a distance of 500 meters.
“Sheesh! To meet you here.”
While the Valkyries, who were instructed to avoid engagements as much as possible, felt uncomfortable, the Hell’s army was eager to set up the ball as soon as possible.
“After running away like a rat, I finally see it. Guys, get ready to sweep it up.”
Because the difference between the troops reached a whopping 4 times, the army of hell was full of confidence.
And at that moment, a man and a girl came into the middle of the meadow where they were confronting each other.
“What is that?”
The Valkyrie commander opened his eyes wide and shouted.
“hey! Avoid quickly! This place will soon become a battlefield!”
As he walked without even pretending to listen, ridicule poured out from the Hell’s army.
“Puhahaha! I came here on my own to die! Are women quite flattering? Hey, come here if you want to live.” Even the villains of the world will instinctively catch those who fall down the cliff.
Even the commander of the Valkyrie, who considered the deaths of civilians insignificant, was strangely offended by this situation.
“Hey, scare me away.”
It was clear that they had lost their minds during the war.
A sharpshooter from the archers’ unit raised his bow to the sky and fired an arrow.
The arrow, which drew a parabolic arc with a roaring sound, was pierced precisely in front of the two people.
The guitar man and the girl stopped walking. He fixed his gaze as if reflecting on the meaning of the arrow, and slowly sat down and opened the guitar case.
“what? crazy guy… …
After finishing his tuning in the middle of the battlefield, the guitar man slowly got up from his seat and plucked the strings.
Jiing.
Unlike a normal guitar, it resonated with a thick, long sound that seemed to contain electricity.
Title: Early night.
Lyricist, Composer: Guitar Luman. The instrument was a single guitar, but numerous tones played simultaneously along the fast beat.
The girl started singing.
sold to the emperor
Her voice was low for a woman, and her expression was like that of a cat that had eaten something bitter.
Valkyrie and the army of hell listened to her song in silence for a while.
It’s my first time but I’m not afraid because you’re the king
You can swing it however you like
Guitarrumman put in an extremely low-pitched chorus.
love me
At the same time, soldiers from both units who seemed to have been randomly caught were blinded and killed.
“Gagging!”
The death toll, as if intended, was 111.
I wish it would have been bigger to tear my body apart. As the girl turned her head to the left and danced like a group dance, hundreds of thousands of soldiers followed her movements.
Even while the horse raised its paws in fright, the movements of the soldiers were the same as if they were controlled.
“damn! what’s this! Wake!”
The general of the army of hell shouted, but in reality he too was dancing to the music.
‘This is magic. I can solve it enough with schema. But why… …
Can’t even lift a fingertip?
‘no way?’
One person that flashes in the general’s mind for a moment.
“Damn it! All troops retreat! It’s Kitaru Man!”
Among the 7 Madou Girls who were once a nuisance to the world, she is the most secretive person.
In particular, he surpassed the world’s best in crowd control technology, and was said to be unmatched in history.
‘It’s a death sentence!’
It was the ability to artificially generate electrical signals in the brain that humans have right before death through sound waves.
the girl sang
morning never comes!
“Huh uh uh uh!”
An additional 8,888 people died.
love me
The moment the chorus caught up, a whopping 22,222 people collapsed vomiting blood.
Salute to the emperor’s greed!
As the girl saluted by raising her capital, all the soldiers put their palms next to their eyebrows.
your kid won’t be happy
As the girl turned her head to the right and stomped her feet as she moved, soldiers stumbled on her feet one after another.
“This, these bastards…!”
The Valkyrie Commander, who was stepping on the corpse of a subordinate like a limb, gritted his teeth.
“You son of a bitch! What do you think of human life… … ! Kuck!”
Exactly 40,000 people died, and the commander was no exception among the crowd.
you in my arms… …
The girl quietly finished the song.
I’ll drown you
After 3 minutes and 48 seconds of singing, there were only two people standing on the plain.
248,247 deaths.
While the girl stood up with her chin raised, Guitarrumman put the guitar in the case.
And just like when he first came, he crossed the plain with the girl in silence.
2 hours after that.
The general soldiers of the human and demon tribes received a report that their unit was annihilated almost at the same time.
“There are no survivors?”
The terrified soldier reported with his chin shaking.
“yes. But so are the enemies. It appears to be a person from the Third World, and according to experts’ opinions… …
“According to?”
The soldier raised his head.
“They say it’s most likely a guitar rumman.”
Vulcan blinked.
“Gitaru Man? The Madou 7 Girls’ Guitar Luman?”
“Yes, that is… …
At that point, Vulcan closed his ears and thought.
‘Are you saying it came out? No, it would be correct to assume that we called it. Shit, missing that.’
As the armies of hell swept over the world, the place where he was hiding disappeared.
“What shall I do? Shall we go after him?” Vulcan had no answer.
‘Combat power is not a level to worry about.
It is extremely vulnerable in person-to-person combat.
So it must have been hidden, but his ability to inquire could not be ignored.
“it’s okay. There is no need to chase.”
“yes?”
“It was force majeure. Typhoons, earthquakes, lightning… … It’s enough to think that you’ve been hit by a natural disaster.”
When Vulcan hit the table, the soldier hurriedly shut his mouth that had been wide open.
“damn! Because I’m out of luck.”
No, was there really no luck?
‘I was so excited. Valkyrie’s soldiers didn’t even respond to my handshake… …
At first I thought it was because I couldn’t react.
“You’re as crazy as I am.”
The face of the messenger entering the Valkyrie HQ was flushed, unlike usual.
“report! On the plains of Gera… …
Since he exchanged 50,000 of his army for 200,000 of the demon army, it could be said that it was a victory.
“Guy Taruman?”
While the commanders were discussing their opinions, one of them turned to Iruki and asked.
“Did you know?”
“no.”
It was a possible strategy.
“If I had known, I would have prepared for it. You should have included it in your strategy. Of course, the military commander over there. but… …
The reason why he was able to guess what Balkan didn’t know was because his power was overwhelmingly weak.
“For Vulcan, even 10,000 soldiers are unremarkable, but to me, even 100 are precious. To overcome the asymmetry of power, we have to save even one more person.”
In the Teira Mountains, negligible losses were frequent.
“I thought there was something. Of course, I wasn’t sure it would help us. It was a gamble.”
“I-I mean, did you make a bet without knowing which side would have an advantage?”
“The odds of us winning are less than 10 percent when the plan works out.”
Iruki raised a finger.
“But if the Balkans gamble, the odds jump up to 50 percent. I can’t afford not to do business like this.”
If I had lost, everything would have been over.
“Only God and numbers can shoulder human responsibility. These are the words of the Servant Magician Veronice. I just chose the side with the higher odds.” Even so, it was a huge liver.
“By the way, the guitar man appeared. It can be said that he has gone as far as the world has gone.”
Iruki agreed.
“Probably eating out. I’m guessing they’ll be extremely vulnerable in person-to-person combat. It must be a case where the power is amplified as the number of objects increases.”
Still, it was powerful enough.
“Secretly track the movements of the guitar man. A small elite would be better.” “Yes, please leave it to me.”
“It is not yet time to relax. We also lost close to 50,000 troops.”
Iruki looked at the map.
‘but… … :
Through the cracks created by Balkan’s mistakes, countless strategies were born to buy time.
“day.”
Iruki raised his index finger.
“For just one day, the 2nd Corps just needs to stop it.”
An unprecedented bomb is being installed on mankind.

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 891 - Coming Disaster(1).txt
===============================
Coming Disaster (1)
The 2nd Valkyrie Corps, which started marching from all over the Central Continent, gathered at the Kanian Plateau.
Tess, who was looking at the rocky terrain stretching all the way, turned to Lian.
“What happened to Sirone?” From common sense, it was the time when he should have already finished reporting to the Ivory Tower and returned.
“I don’t know. But it will be fine.” Sirone is strong.
However, it was uneasy that even the temple had not yet grasped the location of Yahweh.
‘Why didn’t you go to the ivory tower? No, did I not go?’
For Rian, the top priority to protect is Shirone.
Tess, knowing that, asked.
“Can I really stay here?” Rihanna shut her mouth.
His desire to find Sirone is like a chimney, but he couldn’t leave even after knowing Havitz’s ability.
‘And Natasha.’
Moving at unparalleled speed, it was impossible to keep track of her except for Lian.
‘They’ll come looking for me.’
Even from the point of view of the demons, the knight of Mach is a key factor for Valkyrie that must be dealt with first.
“I just need to hold out for a day.”
When the order changed from the temple came down, the entire 2nd Corps seemed to breathe.
“I will stop Natasha. But I can’t stop Havitz. Be careful, Tess.”
Remembering vanishing, Tess swallowed.
“don’t worry. I will keep my mind straight.”
It’s not something that can be blocked by being alert, but there was no other way anyway.
“Is Amy okay?”
It was difficult to find Amy in the barracks spread over many kilometers.
“Since it is a magic unit, it will move frequently according to its strategy. Maybe it can only fly during battle.”
Ryan said calmly.
Once the battle begins, each person must give their all to their mission.
‘No one can replace it.’
Saving oneself was the only way to survive this hell.
“Emmy… …
Tess conveyed it with her heart to a friend who was refining her mind somewhere on the other side.
‘Let’s make sure we survive.’
With the return of the outcasts and the changed command of the temple, the morale of the army skyrocketed.
And as the appointed time approached, the military flag became a cold blade and aimed at the enemy camp.
“Whoa.”
The 6th Battalion commanded by Amy was to support firepower at the rear of the vanguard.
‘you can do it.’
Iruki said he would die.
There was no disagreement, but Amy believed in what she had done above all else.
‘Fight!’
When she got up from her seat and left the barracks, the soldiers were waiting for her.
“Commander, it’s time.” From the eyes of the members who overcame fear, Amy realized that long words were unnecessary.
“let’s go.”
In the middle of the 20,000 vanguard troops being separated on the left and right, Amy’s unit joined them.
Support would have been sent to the collapsed side first, and from then on, instructions from the upper level could not be expected.
“Listen to all crew members!”
The vanguard was Brigadier Taigang, a famous swordsman in the Central Continent.
“The next enemy we will face… … !” A huge cloud of dust rose from the horizon, and the ground began to shake.
“Brigadier General.”
There is no time to even say goodbye.
‘Yes, this is war.’
Taigang, who had been indifferently watching the dust in front of him, smiled as he turned to the troops.
“It was an honor to be with you guys.”
As his mind dug into the hearts of the members faster than words, his eyes became bloodshot.
“Waaaaaa!”
As if pushed away by the shouts, Taigang started his horse, drew his sword, and shouted.
“Let’s kill!”
It was a start.
On the plateau where strategy and tactics were useless, the distance between humans and demons gradually got closer.
‘come!’
Amy’s unit rushing from the center saw a shadow hiding in the dust.
“Kuaaaaa!”
An army of 200 million, which could not be captured with the naked eye, was running with a tremendous roar.
“Huh… …
A moan escaped through Amy’s clenched teeth.
fear.
But it’s okay.
‘it’s okay. I came this far.’ Moving the army from now on will not be petty will or determination, but irreversible inertia.
“Start bombardment!”
Following Amy’s instructions, hundreds of wizards fired flames in front.
rz rz tz c: tz tz: rz I
-r?1—I~r?t?1?r!
And, everything was trampled on.
Valkyrie Command.
“Report! The 3rd Division of the 2nd Corps, which had gathered on the Kanian Plateau, was destroyed!”
the commander asked.
“What is the expected damage?”
“It is impossible to accurately determine. It is estimated to be over 30,000 when calculated per unit area.”
“Hmm.”
Iruki bit his nails as his breathing sounded like a hole in his lungs.
“Thirty thousand.”
It was only two hours after the battle started.
‘I have to endure 22 more hours.’
The most miserable thing was that they could not provide any help to the 2nd Corps.
‘Let’s not think about what we cannot do.’
Iruki got up from his seat and walked to the other side of the table to look at the map.
“Forget the Plateau Battle. What you need to think about from now on is counterattack. How was the arrangement?”
“It’s done. The best place is here.” The rookie’s eyes were colder than ever as he looked at the location the commander pointed out.
6 hours after opening.
‘ what?’
Amy stood up, covered in dust, and watched the world spin.
‘Where is this place?’
Canian Plateau.
‘What am I doing?’ at war.
The answer immediately came to mind on the other side of my mind, but there was no sense of reality, as if blocked by a barrier.
‘Am I alive?’
I knew that activating the self-image memory would restore the mind from the state of shock.
But instinct denied it.
‘Why am I here?’
I didn’t want to come to my senses.
I was in a state where my instincts wanted me to go crazy like this and not realize anything.
“Kuaaaaa!”
The one-meter-tall anglers pounced on Amy, baring their jagged teeth.
Red eyes lit up, and Amy, alerted at the moment, twisted her body to avoid it.
mental
attack
As the shocking reality was recognized, a stress rushed in that would tear the brain apart.
rod
degree
“Great!”
But it didn’t.
“Kihehehe! You are a survivor! Survivors!”
Amy, who had flames in her hands, turned the rushing jaws into a whole roast.
“The battalion commander!”
When I turned my head to the familiar voice, 14 people, including Berik, were walking with a limp.
“you!”
It was like meeting God in hell.
“are you okay? You are injured!”
Berrik’s right wrist was missing, and the bleeding was not even stopped because he was in a hurry to avoid it.
“I am okay. Come on, dodge. We are already quite far from our base.”
“If you bleed more here, you will die.” Amy, who shredded her military uniform, wrapped it around Verique’s forearm and tightened it tightly.
“Aaaaaaa!”
The nerves were pressed and the excruciating pain came over me, but this was not the time to argue about it.
“it’s okay. Is this the only survivor?”
The 1st Squad Leader said.
“I do not know. This is all the crew we met on the way.”
Amy nodded and revealed her red eyes.
‘Where is it?’
Even in a situation where the origin was unknown, self-image memory accurately derived the current coordinates.
Amy pointed west.
“The base is over there. follow me from now on I will avoid fighting as much as possible, so take care of the wounded.”
The escape operation has begun.
The ability of the red eyes led the way in any situation, but it was impossible to completely avoid the demons that filled the sky and the earth.
In several skirmishes, three men were lost, and another was killed two hours later.
“ha! ha!”
A distance that would never be impossible if it were a straight line.
‘Never give up.’
I felt like I was going to go crazy from annoyance at the thought of having to hover in the same spot like a ball of thread.
As the sun went down, Amy finally heard the roar of battle transmitted by Asrai.
“I’m here! Arrived. Everyone, cheer up a little more.”
Since the demons were advancing recklessly, it wouldn’t be a problem to detour to the main base.
“Quack! found.”
At the voice from the sky, Amy’s face turned pale and the crew members’ eyes filled with despair.
“I miss you.”
The demon with the head of a bull, clinging to the crow’s leg, wickedly raised its mouth.
‘If only… …
The division commander, Parkma, who has competed before.
‘No, it’s not a coincidence.’
Pakma, holding a huge ax with both hands, fell from the sky with a thud.
“Did you think you could run away?”
His side still throbbed from Amy’s blow.
“I told you, even if it rips out my retinas, I will engrave your face on it. I mean, I haven’t killed anyone since. Because I was looking for you.” Amy looked behind her and bit her lip.
‘I’m almost there.’
It was a suicidal act to deal with the lively Parkma in a situation where everyone was exhausted.
“Is it me that you want?”
Realizing what Amy wanted to say, Parkma laughed bitterly.
“no. All I want is to do what you hate the most. For example… …
As Parkma suddenly jumped out and wielded a large axe, the injured crew members were decapitated.
“like this?”
Amy’s face was contorted with anger, and the rest of the group joined forces at the same time.
“Die!”
Flames and cold were raining down, but Parkma approached as if he had no intention of avoiding it.
“haha! You must have suffered quite a bit? Is it much worse than before?”
The large ax had no mercy, and in the end, everyone except Amy and Berik were killed.
“Now, there are no obstacles, right? Shall we do our homework soon?”
As Parkma thumped the ground and approached, Berik blocked Amy’s way.
“Go, battalion commander. I will buy you time.”
That was what Amy wanted to say.
“You go. I’ll take it.”
“I don’t think that can be. You know. I can’t go back to the main base with my skills.”
“The captain is me. This is my responsibility.”
“… … Humans die anyway.”
“what?”
While Parkma slung the ax over her shoulder and watched, Verique looked back.
“My father did. When you have to make difficult choices, remember that the end of all life is death. Then he can really make the right choice.”
Berrik looked back.
“Of course I want to live. But if I can’t, I want to make the right choice.”
Amy gritted it.
“Right choice? Is dying in my place the right choice?”
“no.”
Berrik stood up slowly.
“I was born a man, so isn’t it better to look cool in front of the woman I love?”
To die anyway.
“I was so happy that you returned to the unit. Because you chose us, not your lover. to be honest… …
Berrik looked back and smiled sadly.
“I feel like I’ve won against that blessed bastard.” “go. you deserve to live And I… … You’re going to be a damn cool guy.”
Berrik kicked off the ground and charged.
“Forever.”

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 892 - Coming Disaster(2).txt
===============================
Coming Disaster (2)
Parkma, who was watching Berik rush in, let out an evil laugh.
“Cheuk, right?”
What a terrible tragedy it is to ‘know’ that we have life.
“Funny.”
And that tragedy was the greatest pleasure that demons could get from humans.
“You will regret it.” The moment the large ax sliced through the air, Verique’s body accelerated like the wind.
‘Haste!’
He quickly went behind Parkma’s back and held out his two hands that were filled with blue electricity.
‘Electric shock!’
Parkma’s face was distorted by the exhilarating pain.
‘This guy… …
The power was not great, but the unexpected pain made him even more angry.
“Kuaaaaa!”
Confirming that Parkma’s eyes were upside down, Berrik shouted while laying down a small blizzard.
“Go quickly!”
Even after the two of them disappeared in the cold haze, Amy couldn’t leave her seat.
‘Berryk… …
The military does not tolerate individuality.
What the commander wants is not a single powerful wizard, but the maximum firepower the group can produce.
‘Yes, that’s right.’
Magic is standardized and soldiers’ organs are ignored, but before enlisting in Valkyrie, Verique’s nickname was… … .
‘All-rounder.’
seemed to have heard
“Amy!”
In the middle of the chill, Verique’s shouts broke out.
“go!”
At the same time, a line of thunderbolt crashed in a black cloud floating in the air.
Aaaaaang!
A booming voice scolded Amy, and she regained consciousness and turned to teleport.
‘I can’t make Berrik’s sacrifice a dog’s death.’
self rationalization.
‘I will definitely survive.’ Numerous rewards that can be obtained when maintaining life filled his head.
Even just being able to breathe.
‘Sirone.’
Tears flowed.
‘I miss you.’
Life is beautiful, and if you do your best, you will be able to color your whole life into a flower garden.
“what’s this… …
I used to think
“What is this?”
Now, life is so burdensome and heavy to her that she wishes it never existed in the first place.
“Sick of it!”
I was fed up with the longing for life.
After stopping the teleportation, Amy turned around and returned to Berrik.
Even the life he could have shared with Sirone will one day be swallowed up by death.
‘I’m sorry, Sirone. I want to be in charge.’
When Amy arrived at the battlefield, she saw Berik, who was still alive.
“Hey, are you here already?”
Parkma held up the half-corpse face of Berik and tore the corners of his mouth.
“You, you child… …
Sparks flew in Amy’s eyes.
“I was waiting while playing with this guy. I was going to torture you until you returned.”
Parkma grabbed Berik’s shoulders.
“Aaaaaaa!”
The sound of bones being crushed was heard.
“Puhahaha! Now, do you know the reality? Even if you pretend to be cool, you are still human after all.”
More power went into Parkma’s hands.
“Tell me you regret it. then release it Beg him to kill that woman instead.”
When Berrik kept his mouth shut, Parkma grabbed him by the ankles and twisted his legs to tear them apart.
“Aaaaaaa!”
“Speak quickly. will you save me? Did you come back anyway? If you only sell that woman, it might not hurt.”
Amy’s mind spun.
“you… …
That moment when anger blows away reason and the body tries to jump toward Parkma on its own.
“Sheesh, embarrassing.”
Berrik opened his mouth in a hoarse voice.
“Amy.”
“Oh, good, good. say. I beg you to save me.”
Parkma smiled and stretched out her arms, and Verique said with a faint smile.
“How about it, it’s nothing?”
to die.
His face gradually turned pale, and at the same time he was engulfed in a flash of light, causing a powerful explosion.
Whoa!
‘Self-destruct magic.’
Berrik could easily relax.
‘But for me… … Perhaps the last trick left after calculating the probability of Amy returning.
‘thank you.’
He was a wonderful wizard.
“It’s a surprise. After all, humans are unlucky.”
Hot smoke was rising from Parkma’s body, which had been pushed away by the explosion.
“Are you unlucky?”
Amy was no longer angry.
“Do not be ridiculous. Even death is a matter of calculation for a wizard. And with this… …
The flames of the fire soared from Amy’s body.
“The chances of you surviving are gone.”
Even after seeing the fire giant, which was over 10 meters tall, Parkma laughed mockingly.
“Aww, be scared. But what? I already know your skills. As such… …
Fine and Ifrit grew more than twice as large.
‘Coffin
Her single sword amplifies mental power by concentrating again in a state of concentration.
‘coffin!’
And now, Amy was endlessly backing up her self-image memory, pushing her mind into panic.
‘coffin!’
The moment her mind was penetrated for the tenth time, even the slightest sense of reason she had left disappeared.
‘That’s right, Berrik.’
At the end of life she laughed.
‘It was nothing.’
The moment his concentration reached death, the Ifrit soared as if it were about to pierce the sky, and was scattered in pieces of fire.
“What, what?”
Parkma, who had been guarding her heart, looked back at the darkness that had returned and smiled.
“Cheuk, that’s right. This is the human limit.”
The point of realization was when I moved to Amy.
“huh?”
From the hand holding the handle of the large axe, fire soared like spontaneous combustion.
“Big!”
The fire spread all over Parkma in an instant, and even the ax began to melt in the heat.
“you you… …
The temperature rose around Amy, scorching her clothes and hair.
fire world.
Realizing that the entire landscape was burning, Parkma kicked the ground.
“I will kill you!”
It was a desperate voice, but before he could even land the blow, his body melted along with the axe.
“Kuaaaaa!”
Convection occurred due to the temperature difference, and the size of the fire increased as the concentration of oxygen increased.
Woo woo woo woo!
And finally, a huge whirlwind of fire 100 meters in diameter soared through the clouds.
“Brigade commander! excuse me!”
A pillar of fire clearly visible even from 10 kilometers away, temporarily halted the battle on the plateau.
Garcia bit her lip.
‘It’s Amy.’
He couldn’t be sure, but as a teacher who taught her, he knew better than anyone else the potential of Hongan.
“Send troops right now!”
It was already visible that the flying demons were heading towards the place where the pillar of fire soared.
‘I have to retrieve the corpse at least.’
There was little chance of him being alive.
Demons were faster than humans, but there was no way to approach them as long as the pillars of fire were soaring.
“You go in first!”
“it’s crazy? If I approach another 100 meters, my wings will burn! Just wait!”
Even for the inhabitants of the other side of the world who were accustomed to heat, the current firepower was close to punishment.
“Weak!”
As the flames diminished as quickly as the frenzied birth, the demons approached.
The rapidly cooled ground hardened in the shape of a rolling wave, and Amy lay down.
“There! Do it quickly!”
The burn stains were visible on the naked body, and the hair was burnt short.
“Aren’t you already dead?”
“I don’t know! The corps commander told me to go check it out and kill him unconditionally. Let’s stab the window first.”
As the demons surrounding Amy set up their spears vertically, a voice was heard.
“Stop it.”
The eyes of the demons who turned their heads were shocked.
“Boo, Buddha… …
On top of the bend in the lava terrain, Nane and Shura were looking down at Amy.
“Is that the woman?”
The demons’ shoulders trembled.
“Why is Buddha here?”
Nane, who was looking at the battlefield to break the last barrier of enlightenment, saw the pillar of fire and ran to this place.
“Buddha is everywhere.”
Nane held out her hand to the demons.
“Are you trying to stab a woman with a spear? This is too harsh a treatment for those who have burned their will to live. If you have mercy on her, she will not perish.”
The demons met each other’s eyes.
‘What do we do?’
The Buddha is fearful, but if the mission is not completed, what awaits is the corps commander’s sword.
The demons who made the decision frowned.
“There is nothing to be afraid of. Buddha is gone. That’s just a shell, not a Buddha.”
Nane smiled.
“Of course it is.”
“Kill!”
As half of the demons rushed in flapping their wings, Nane raised her index finger and opened her mouth.
“Sermon, par.”
Dozens of red swords spread like a fan behind them and pierced the demons.
“Cheak!”
Not a single shot missed.
The demon, who avoided the angle of instant death thanks to Amy’s back, asked while bleeding.
“Uh, how… … ?”
Nane came down from the hill and said as she moved.
“Sometimes you become a Buddha.” Gyungji is like that.
The demon closed her eyes with a grievous expression, and Shura ran to Amy and checked her condition.
“I am barely breathing. But what’s worse than burns is the mind. It’s not long.”
I also agreed.
“All fire is the will to self-destruction. It must have been so earnest that he opened the fire world.”
The voices of the Valkyrie soldiers could be heard from afar.
“hurry! pay faster”
Shura turned to Nane.
“What are you going to do? Shall we leave it to humans?”
“Can they save it?”
“no. I don’t know the burns, but the mind is irreparable. I’d rather have them take care of the body… …
“I can do it.”
A person who reached the level of Buddha would be able to restore Amy’s broken spirit.
Shura said with a reluctant expression.
“But this woman… …
“okay.”
Yahweh, the symbol of philanthropy, was the person Sirone had the most in her heart.
“Enemy, in what sense? I don’t think waking up will do us any favors.”
“People are equal before death.” Nane held out her hands, and Amy’s body floated up and flew towards him.
“Is it the ball or the child that she remembered at the end after burning everything? I want to hear it.”
Shura was also curious.
“Captain! There it is!”
I could see the magic unit flying rapidly while relaying teleportation in succession.
“Let’s just leave.”
When Nane turned around, Shura waved her hand and cast Gestalt magic.
Their appearance disappeared and within 10 seconds the unit arrived at the spot.
“Isn’t it? There must have been people… …
The first reporter felt possessed by a ghost.
“Are you not mistaken? Come to think of it, the distortion of the land is enormous. How big of a fire is this?”
“But the demons are dead. Then who the hell killed them?”
“Think later. once you find Everyone scatter and search the entire area!”
“yes!”
When the wizards were searching for about 10 minutes, the roar of space movement was heard from the horizon.
“damn! Is it over there?”
“Captain! Demons are coming!”
In the end, the Valkyrie members returned to the unit without being able to recover Amy’s body.

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 893 - Coming Disaster(3).txt
===============================
Coming Disaster (3)
Becros Kingdom was the smallest country among the 10 kingdoms in the archipelago.
The population living on the island is approximately 2 million, and the fishing industry is developed, and it is a place where the leisure of the South is abundant.
And in the village of Arar, southeast of the island, Sirone awoke happily.
“O uh”
— TH ?
The warm sunlight and the cool sound of the waves seemed to invigorate the tired body.
“I slept really well.”
The moment he muttered that, Sirone realized it again and stood up.
“what!”
I don’t know.
“What happened!”
When I got out of bed and opened the door, the tanned children stopped playing ball and waved.
“Sirone hyung, are you awake?”
Just looking at the foamy sea made my stomach clear, but my mind got more and more confused.
‘It’s here again.’
After meeting Fermi in the southern continent, he crossed over to the 10th Kingdom of the Archipelago to return to the Ivory Tower.
‘Because the fastest way to jump to Corona Kingdom is to use the Becros terminal.’
It was certain so far.
‘however… …
It’s already been 10 days since Sirone is strong.
“Why can’t I get out?”
It’s stuck in the village.
“Today as well. It’s because Sirone hyung won’t leave. Did you dream again?”
Sirone looked down at the 10-year-old boy.
“Mycon.”
I remember.
He was the son of a married couple who brought lunch when they first arrived in Ar-Ar Village.
“I?”
“huh. You say that you don’t have time every day, but in the end, you say you’ll take another day off.”
Was it?
“ah……”
Sirone recalled the memory of having a party with the residents past midnight last night.
‘It was.’ Torches light the night, the smell of sizzling fish, wine and dinner, people laughing and talking.
everything was alive
“Puhahaha! You are very pleasant. I thought wizards were cold and blunt.”
The village chief, Begpa, pushed a beer mug.
“Ah, no. When you play, you have to play.”
Sirone, who was already drunk and her nose was red, made a toast to break her beer glass.
“Yeah, right. Even during World War II, this town is safe. We have never been invaded before.”
Begfa always said the same thing when he was drunk.
“Do you know what ar ar means? It is an onomatopoeic expression of the breath of God. This place is specially protected by God Becca.”
Sirone chimed in.
“Yeah, that’s right.”
“There is a powerful power in Becca Shin’s breath. They make waves to make a living, but they say they become sharp like a knife when angry. Even now, there is a place where the breath of God Becca is engraved on the cliffs of Mero.”
“yes. I saw it too. I was really surprised. It was not a mark that a person could engrave.”
“of course! what have you heard so far? That must be the breath of God Becca!”
Sirone doesn’t believe in superstition, but there was no need to argue about that at a drinking party.
“Oh, right! I must have been drunk.” A hoarse voice was heard.
“Of course you should!”
A fat man with a grilled fish skewer in each hand walked along with his beautiful daughter.
“Uncle Yasuka.” As the best fisherman in the village, he was a strong trader.
“You can forget about war in Ar-Ar! now! Let’s eat this and get drunk again!”
When Yasuka handed over the grilled fish skewer, his daughter Lua approached with a smile.
“Hello Sirone. Does it look interesting?” Like her father, she was tall, and her bronzed body was stocky and slender like that of a wild horse.
“huh. It’s been a while since I’ve had such a comfortable time.”
Lua’s popularity skyrockets in the village, but Yasuka likes Sirone.
“Yes, yes, being happy is the best. Instead, settle down here with our daughter.”
“Dad is really… …
Lua didn’t seem to like it either.
“What’s up? If it’s Sirone, even Dad will be relieved. You’re good, wizard. And you repaired all the broken houses, right? With great magic skills.”
“I knew I would. Are you getting married just because you fixed the house? Sirone, don’t mind.”
Sirone trembled.
“haha! am i good I like this town very much. Besides, I have no responsibility now.” yeah everything is over ‘Let’s forget everything. Fermi knows
You will do well. No war, no name Yahweh…
Although he had turned his back on the world, it was nothing compared to the joy of having laid down the huge burden of humanity.
“uh?”
At this point, for the first time, Sirone felt a strange feeling about her memories.
‘The realm of Yahweh… …
Apparently I talked to Fermi about it.
‘What were you talking about? I don’t remember. did you make a deal? No, it can’t be. Still Yahweh… …
It was alive in Sirone’s mind.
‘Time width, thinness, granularity, resonance. feel it all Nothing has passed to Fermi yet. But why?’
Memories go on.
“Halariolle! Rayerola!”
Ar-Ar’s unique folk music rang out, and people danced in pairs.
Sirone and Lua held hands and turned around.
“ha ha ha! Ha ha ha ha ha!”
The world was spinning, the alcohol was spinning.
“Sirone, this way.”
Leaving the party holding Sirone’s wrist, Lua ran to the edge of the sandy beach.
= = = =
O? “3三 “3三 “5” ?
The sound of drums faded away, and the two looked at each other in the moonlight.
“Sirone.”
Lua, whose eyes were shining brightly, suddenly approached and kissed Sirone.
“I like you. i like you.”
The people of Ar-Ar are honest with their feelings.
“Luah?????
Amy’s face came to mind for a moment, but Sirone tried to erase her existence.
‘Sorry. I can’t go back.’
I didn’t want to take a single step into the outside world, where a terrible life awaited me.
‘Here forever… …
In the village of Ar-Ar, which is protected by the gods.
‘I’m living.’
Shirone pulled Rua’s body and kissed her who was already waiting.
The two fell on the sandy field, but one mana piece of clothing was undone with a single touch.
O’. ? Stone”. ‘?
The sound of drums did not stop all night long.
“no!”
Sirone groaned.
“It can’t be.”
It was her own memory, so she had no choice but to accept it, but there were parts that she did not understand.
‘I’m Lua… …
The touch of her lips, the touch of her flesh, even her scent and the sound of the scenery were clear.
‘It can’t be. I still love Amy. Even if she’s drunk… … . no way?’
One thought crossed my mind.
‘Is it memory distortion?’
Aside from La Enemy, it wasn’t impossible for a spirit-type magician.
‘But who?’
Is it possible to manipulate the mind of an infinite wizard?
‘Besides, it doesn’t make sense logically. In my memory, I entrusted everything to Fermi. But actually, Yahweh’s realm is with me. this is the key
hey.’
It’s just a hypothesis after hypothesis, but if you’re not a clumsy wizard, it’s quite vicious.
‘Or something I don’t know… …
Maicon shrugged and sighed.
‘He’s a really good older brother without this.’ It was strange that he, who is normally calm, was angry like a fire every morning.
‘I must have nightmares every day.’
Since she came from the outside world where the war was in full swing, Sirone must have had painful memories as well.
“Stop calming down and have breakfast at my house. Let’s eat quickly and go to Mero Cliff.”
“Mero Cliffs?”
Maicon pointed to the cliffs along the shore.
“There is a place where my brother goes every day to practice. I will go in the morning and stay until the sun goes down.”
Sirone looked at the cliff.
‘I don’t remember this either.’
Since memories are inherently oblivious, it is only possible to know which memories have been erased only when you encounter keywords.
‘More information than expected was deleted.’
After all, if he had visited the cliff without missing a day, there must have been an obvious reason.
“I’m sorry, Maicon, but today… …
“i know. don’t eat Are you going to say you don’t have time?” Sirone, who stared at Maicon’s triumphantly smiling face, turned his head.
“okay. I do not have time.”
As Sirone, who cast teleportation, rushed to the cliff, Maicon opened his mouth.
“This is really awesome… …
No matter how many times I watched this, I never got tired of it.
‘It’s here.’
Looking down at the cliff from the sky, Sirone confirmed that circles of various sizes were carved on the ground.
‘Extremely large. It’s a circle that can never be drawn without measuring it in the sky.’
No, it is something to be seen at the end of the universe.
‘Because it’s perfect.’
The circle, which the villagers call proof of God’s breath, was no different from an angel’s halo.
Sirone looked back at the forest on the land side.
“Hmm.”
The transcendental senses that opened up to the ninth sense were longing for the forest like thirst.
‘okay. The body remembers.’
After entering the forest, Sirone opened the Spirit Zone and found traces of the past.
‘There is something over there.’
Among the synesthesias coming through the spirit zone, there was a particularly annoying object.
Arriving in front of an ordinary tree, Sirone reached into the trunk and grabbed a notepad.
‘It’s made of material.’
As part of the markings, one page was made of heavy heavy metal. When I turned the cover, the passphrase was written in thick lines.
‘This… … Syrone code.’
It may sound childish, but Sirone has created a code by combining her own private secrets.
For example, ‘Amy’s breasts’ was replaced with the letter X, and when deciphered, it was converted to ‘don’t know’.
Even if the diagram is extracted, it is difficult to decipher because it can be interpreted as ‘touching’ or ‘desire’ depending on the person.
‘Emotional code governed by feeling. Instead of writing a diary, I’ve been making it whenever I’m bored… …
It was helpful in this situation.
“Let’s see… …
Sirone deciphered the ciphers made up of numerous strings at once.
It was shocking.
‘First time!, don’t extract the chips in your head. could cause death? What do you mean?’
Sirone hurriedly touched his head.
‘ there is!’
A small incision was palpable behind the ear.
‘Have you put a chip on it?’
Perhaps it is true.
‘If it’s a physical device, it has nothing to do with mental power. That’s why I was able to manipulate memories.’
who the hell
I quickly searched through the memo, but yesterday’s sirone couldn’t even confirm it.
‘Wake up time every day at 8:30 am. That’s right, it was like that today.’
read on
‘Ar-Ar village escape plan. time vibration. Requires a minimum amplitude of 24 hours.’
If you flip the timeline up to 24 hours, you can recognize the past as the present from 12 hours ago.
‘Then it will be 8:30 last night. It’s almost the same time as the events in my memory.’
What happened in that time period.
‘He seems to have trained here.’
Sirone saw the record of raising the ability of Time Vibration day by day.
‘When should I implement it?’
After checking the last page, Sirone finally realized what kind of memories she had lost.
“Today.”
that too now.
‘Time Vibration!’
An incomparable gigantic period of time swayed from Sirone’s body.

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 894 - Coming Disaster(4).txt
===============================
Coming Disaster (4)
“Goes.”
Much was unknown, but delay would not get to the heart of the matter.
‘I’ll go and see what kind of guy he is.’
Assuming an uncertain target, the bridge of Sirone’s nose twisted like a beast.
“Big!”
An unfamiliar headache from an unknown memory pounded on my head, and my eyes finally opened.
‘done!’
As the time period controlling 24 hours oscillated, the barriers between the past, present and future of time were destroyed.
As the senses were reversed, the feeling that memories also flowed backwards flooded in.
Meeting Maicon, sleeping in bed, making love to Lua on the beach, dancing.
‘This is 12 hours.’
As the memory of drinking at the party was recognized as reality, the village chief Begpa approached.
“Puhahaha! you really… … Kirik. gaiety… … . Wizard… … . Kigigigigigi!” Returning the past to the present, Sirone’s hearing began to cause cognitive dissonance.
‘ different.’
Artificially manipulated memories.
As the information engraved in the brain collided with the actual information, the senses were distorted.
“To poetry????????????
Begfa’s face was superimposed by retinal afterimages, making it look like a demon.
“Kiaaa!”
The moment when the fabricated memories finally disappear and the five senses perceive only reality.
“Die, Sirone!”
A non-human, 2-meter tall gray monster reached out with its gleaming black eyes.
“Keugh!”
When I opened the distance by teleportation and looked at the sandy beach, I couldn’t see a single human being.
“What’s this?”
The face was triangular like a wart, and the skull was flattened out like a fan.
His body was mummy-skinned, his knees were bent, his arms were slender, and he wore golden gauntlets on his wrists.
‘It’s not an exact match, but… … It looked familiar.
“Terraforce?”
What strongly proves that fact is a huge flying object floating on top of the Mero Cliffs.
“Yes. We are the Terraforce Combat Team. You betrayed Terraforce’s expectations.”
An alien creature that spat out human words stepped on the sand with its cleft soles like a bird.
“What expectations did I betray?”
No, if this moment is the past you have already experienced… … .
‘What the hell am I… …
What did he go through before he got out of bed every morning and stretched?
‘I don’t know.’
Even if I went back in time with the Time Vibration, the fabricated memories were blocking me.
“Answer me. What have you done to me? What’s the chip in your head? Why did you inject strange memories?”
The alien creature stopped walking.
“… … Are you from the future? Much faster than our predictions. That doesn’t change anything.”
Dozens of Terraforce surrounded Sirone.
“You have lost your qualifications as a representative of humanity. At the point of handing over the realm of Yahweh.”
“I didn’t hand over. I don’t remember because of you guys, but I know that much.”
“It’s a comfortable feeling. How your actions will affect humanity in the future… …
Dozens of palms aimed at Sirone.
“Watch in the Swamp of Oblivion.”
As the Terra Force race’s gauntlet worked, sharp sound waves were fired.
Sirone shouted.
“……I”
I was sure to spit out words, but the voice died out when it came out of my mouth.
‘I caught the sound wave!’
As the surrounding noise converged to the limit of 0 decibels, my heart felt stuffy as if it would explode.
On the other hand, Terraforce’s voice was huge and magnificent.
“Guard the order of the universe!”
It was as if someone else had entered her brain and screamed, and Sirone couldn’t even think.
‘ tremendous.’
He is an infinite wizard who prides himself on being a flawless spirit, but Terraforce was also the ruler of waves.
“Close the way out!”
Sound waves smashed the scenery, and some became sharp blades aimed at Sirone’s neck.
“????????
These!
At this point, having good feelings for Terraforce was a thing of the past.
U | 99
I mean in moderation!
The homing photon cannon picked up the Terra Force combatants individually and flew into them.
jing! jing! jing! jing!
As an intangible ripple spread in front of Terra Force’s eyes, it blocked the attack of the flash.
“Do you think it is right!”
The ground swayed like waves and the air hardened like iron, crushing Sirone.
“In this universe, on a planet that occupies only one square, life that has just emerged… …
The roar of Terraforce exploded.
“Do you believe you can define the truth!”
Even in a confused situation, Sirone clenched her teeth and put her hands together in a circle.
‘Elemental Photon Cannon.’
Powerful electricity gathered between the palms of Sirone, who brought out all phenomena through speech.
“……!”
Whatever it is.
“Let me talk too!”
The Elemental Photon Cannon, which tore through the sound wave barrier, vibrated and stretched out.
jing! jing! jing! jing!
Electricity was entangled in the wave curtain, and then several combatants collapsed in convulsions.
“ha. ha.”
Seeing even the sound of heavy breathing, Sirone wiped the sweat off her chin and raised her hand.
Dozens of electric spheres float into the sky
As he climbed, he aimed at the Terra Force.
“I don’t understand. As you can see, I am Yahweh. And even if you left room, why are you attacking me?”
“Can’t you win too?”
Terraforce looked back at each other as if avoiding an answer, and then reached out to Sirone.
“Stop sleeping.”
As the chip installed in Sirone’s head worked, the brainwaves turned on involuntarily.
“Aaaaaaa!”
My tinnitus flowed endlessly and I had a severe headache.
“Forget it, human. You can never defeat evil. We will judge.”
“Turn it off… …
Cirone, who was holding her head while still on her knees, lifted her head with all her might.
“No one can judge others.”
“Then don’t you also judge evil? Didn’t you annihilate countless demons?”
“Don’t talk nonsense. I just do what I believe is right. If the majority believes, it will become the law. But that doesn’t make you qualified to judge others.
hey.”
“The majority is your limit. We are the Terra Force that governs the entire universe. Human justice is only a minority opinion to Terraforce. We are the law.” Terra Force walked with his hand out.
“Of course the truth is everywhere. We have seen that Yahweh is. But you broke the rules.”
As the distance approached, Sirone’s consciousness shook uncontrollably.
‘no! I have to hold on!’
I didn’t want to greet a refreshing morning.
“Aaaaaaa!”
There is no time.
Even at this time, the world would have been trampled by the feet of demons.
‘This is the last one.’
Thinking of taking a final gamble, Sirone poked her index finger into her ear.
“what… …
As I tore through my skin, I touched a cold machine.
‘Fortunately, it’s not deep. but… … Grabbing it and pulling it out slowly, the wire connected to the brain stimulated the brain.
“Big!”
The pupils rolled upward, and the actions of the brain created afterimages like electricity in the retina.
“Are you going to kill yourself? To be clear, if you take the device out, you die.”
It seemed like that even if I didn’t hear it.
‘I have to come to my senses.’
Tutuk. Tutu-tuk.
The wires were pulled out ten centimeters long, and I didn’t even want to imagine how long they were.
It was terrifying to think that all thoughts, even the soul, were going out together.
“Aaaaaaa.”
Sirone’s mouth opened involuntarily, and the terminal structure of the chip stimulated the entire brain.
“Dead??????
Terraforce stopped talking.
Blood dripped down the wires connected between the brain and the hand.
‘uh?’
Sirone had a strange experience.
‘what’s this?’
All the scenery of the world was overlapping in chronological order and stayed in front of my eyes.
When I looked back, I saw another self standing still, holding on to the wire.
Time does not pass.
‘Because the 24 hours are completely unfolded.’
It was probably a side effect caused by stimulation entering the brain that activated the resonance.
In other words, it means that the brain has been damaged to the point that it cannot perceive the passage of time.
‘You’re really dying.’
Far away, seeing the incident about three hours later, he saw himself bleeding from his nose.
‘There must be a way.’
Sirone approached the other self who was pulling out the chips, put both hands in and spread them left and right.
In the world of thought and cognition, hundreds of sirones, which had been overlapping in one second, spread out from side to side.
‘damn!’
Sirone repeated the same action.
By the time you reach 1/10th of a second, 1/100th of a second, and 1/1000th of a second, you see something other than yourself.
‘It’s a surprise.’
Dark red spheres grotesquely swayed between sirones connected like dominoes.
‘I’m not there at this time of day.’
It was 0.666 seconds.
‘If you split the time tremendously, there is a time zone where nothing exists… …
why?
‘Why is there such a gap?’
To humans who believed that the universe would be flawless, the current flaw was incomprehensible.
‘Because I need it for something.’
If the world is made of information, air can be a specific signal that humans need.
About 78 percent nitrogen and 21 percent oxygen combined with less than 0.1 percent of other information.
‘The same goes for time.’ The information of a certain section contained in an instant must have had an effect on the world in some way.
‘More in!’
Sirone gritted his teeth and continued digging into time.
‘more! more! more!’
dismantle time
Gradually accelerating, the time zone now expanded before I could even stretch my arms.
Even in the midst of numerous sirones spreading from side to side, unusual things passed by from time to time.
‘I can not stop.’
It was too far to return from the state that had already been split into astronomical fractions.
Proportionately, it would be a very small amount, so Sirone continued to dig deep.
‘come out! What the hell is there!’ towards the end of time.
Perhaps because an obvious death awaited her, Sirone was only immersed in it.
‘It changes.’
In that near-infinity moment, the figure of Si Lone gradually began to blur.
“omg! omg!”
Terror surged in, but a curiosity that transcended life continued to stir his arms.
‘It’s coming!’
I was sure the end was coming.
The things that were quickly pushed left and right were in a form that could not be described in words.
‘no. It can’t be!’
Humans, this world, were completely different from what mere brain images could create.
afraid.
“Aaaaaaa!”
Shedding tears, Sirone finally reached a situation where nothing was pushed left or right.
end of time.
“Ah, ah… …
There was no form there.
Terraforce screamed.
“This is impossible!”
Following Sirone’s hand, which moved again, the wire connected to the chip was coming out.
However, the problem was that it did not pass through the body and penetrated as it was.
“The Chief Justice said… … Are you sure?”
“Keugh!”
Sirone, whose pupils returned to their original position, completely pulled out the chip with the long line hanging down.
“Whoa.”
The Terraforce combatants froze.
“How can a human… …
sensation is impossible.
Like a quantum, the destination of the universe that exists only in an insensible state.
“My 10th sense… …
Terraforce called this invincibility.

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 895 - Devastating Strike(1).txt
===============================
Devastating Strike (1)
It splits the moment of time endlessly.
In the process, Sirone realized that this world is never continuous.
‘This world… …
The clock’s second hand seems to move, filling the interval between 0 and 60 seconds.
‘It’s disconnected.’
If you endlessly divide between 0 and 1 second, you will eventually discover the emptiness between time and time.
‘This world is originally nothing.’
It reminded me of Fichot’s words that feeling that something exists is only a human illusion.
‘Like a video recording device.’
If you quickly flip through dozens of pictures per second, your brain doesn’t feel the disconnection in the screen.
Time felt by humans was also the same, and Sirone thought of it as a stepping stone to time.
‘And when you put all these facts together…
The possibility is raised that this world where all things exist is nothing more than an electrical signal, not a substance.
‘if so… …
Where does the power that is being supplied to space even at this moment come from?
‘In the beginning there was light.’
And everything started from that light.
Sirone recalled a scene where the universe suddenly turned on in the absence of anything.
‘Let’s not be sure. If I open the lid at will and imagine, the impossible will disappear.’
Only what is closed is real.
‘However, if there is really a subject of supply… …
The power required to operate the current space would not be as large as expected.
‘That’s what scale is.’
The universe is only huge to humans, but it may be only the size of the palm of the hand of the supplying agent.
‘Thousands of universes can be created in the same alignment.’
In other words, the possibility that a universe similar to this one or completely different exists outside the universe where Sirone lives.
‘And if even the world where the main body of supply lives is being supplied with power from a higher dimension… … Parallel and serial, as new universes are created, they burrow endlessly into cowardice.
‘Infinite.’
It was creepy.
‘How far did the guffin go?’
The Gaians have left the photon world, but there is no guarantee that the place they arrived at will be their destination.
‘If you keep breaking away like that, what will you eventually reach?’
Fisho said infinite infinity.
‘I think I know a little bit.’
There is a world where only sirone and apples exist.
Sirone saw the apple and realized that there was nothing that wasn’t an apple.
‘doesn’t exist. This is nothing that humans can imagine.’
But if she hadn’t seen the apple in the first place, what could Sirone think of?
‘I can’t even think of having to think of it.’
Perhaps the state in Sirone’s head is…
‘There is truly nothing, so everything is the possibility of existence.’
There is only an illusion flowing without even the subject of the illusion.
‘In the end, everything was built from nothing.’
Sirone was a little sad.
‘You were right.’
As I opened my senses and realized new facts, the truth of this world became clearer.
‘But I’m not wrong either.’
I said so too.
‘If this world is really empty, wouldn’t the place where the heart dwells be the only meaning?’
In this way, in front of the truth of the world, Gong and Ae are separated.
‘I will fight, it’s me.’ After thinking, the Terra Force combatants were waiting in front of Sirone’s eyes.
“Have you reached it?”
The questions were indistinct, but Sirone, who had surpassed them on the level, understood.
“Let’s stop now. don’t want to fight I just want to hear the reason why you are against me.”
“We are not human.” There was no biological significance.
“For Terraforce, fighting is a dead language. We only act for the order of the universe.”
“They don’t like the order.”
“I guess so.”
The Terraforce combatants reached out again.
“Because you are human.”
The moment the sound waves that shook the heavens and the earth rushed in, Sirone disappeared from her seat.
“Slow.”
Sirone, who had arrived behind the backs of all the combatants, slowly turned around and said,
“No, it should be far away.”
The Terra Force combatants quickly turned around, but Sirone was no longer there.
Returning to her original position, Sirone put her hands behind her back and walked slowly.
“That too is infinitely far.”
Or forever slow.
“Superlight speed… …
If a Terra Force combatant had an expression, it would probably be that of a defeated soldier.
“Nothing is faster than light. That doesn’t mean it’s impossible. I mean, it has no meaning.”
Sirone realized that all the signals that make up this world are transmitted through photons.
“The speed at which information is implemented in this world. We feel it by converting that speed into time.” Despite reaching a point that was thought impossible even in theory, Sirone’s eyes remained calm.
“Thus, being faster than light must mean recognizing information faster than time.”
It was not a matter of speed, but a matter of cognition.
“I feel between time and time.”
The world that Sirone sees with her senseless senses is completely different from what her brain has perceived so far.
‘Nothing.’
There was only Terra Force where you wanted to see it, and outside of it, there was no building or land, it was a realm of nothingness.
‘If you don’t notice… …
The vast sea beyond the Terra Force combatants disappeared from Sirone’s field of vision.
‘It doesn’t exist in the first place.’
The moment Sirone’s consciousness touches, a specific signal materializes the landscape at the speed of light.
‘That is the identity of the law.’
Now Sirone knows too.
Unless you are conscious of it with your senses, there is no world behind you.
“But the reason it also exists is because the Terra Force combatants are aware of the scenery of the village behind Sirone.
‘That’s why he’s stateless.’
The world that Ankera had seen and that should still be reflected in Nane’s eyes was also seen by Sirone.
“Give me one last chance. Stop back.”
Terraforce did not give up.
“Didn’t I tell you? I can’t back down because I have no purpose. We act out of necessity.”
The gauntlet of the Terra Force combatant trembled and formed a wave curtain around Sirone.
“Free Zone.”
If radiation is blocked beyond convection and conduction, no phenomenon can occur.
“I don’t like using my body, but… … The combatants who drew beams as sharp as blades from their gauntlets kicked off the ground and rushed.
“There’s nothing you can do about a stupid human being!”
It was surprisingly fast, but it was meaningless to Sirone, who was aware of the speed of light.
“far.”
Sirone, who was standing outside the free zone, floated a photon cannon on her palm.
‘It won’t be as easy as crossing space.’
Since Terraforce’s consciousness is also another signal that forms the world, conflict was essential to subdue it.
‘Raise your power… …
As a test, Sirone floated a photon cannon on her palm and threw it at the enemy in front.
Aaaaaang!
A flash of light broke through the barrier and entered.
“Big!”
The combatants, screaming uncharacteristically of Terra Force, flew dozens of meters and rolled on the ground.
“done.”
There was nothing to be afraid of if you could break through the defenses, and dozens of photon cannons illuminated the night.
When the booming sound that seemed to continue endlessly disappeared, the lonely sound of waves rushed in.
“Whoa.”
After annihilating the Terra Force combat unit, Lone exhaled and moved on.
“Didn’t you find out after all?” Tried to leave survivors behind, but Terraforce didn’t give up to the point of madness.
“Is that????
As Sirone gazed at the dawning horizon, he saw an aircraft above the cliffs of Mero.
“I can’t leave it there.”
When the photon cannon was fired, the air around the aircraft rippled and blocked the impact.
While contemplating whether to increase its power, Sirone shook her head and performed Ataraxia.
Quaaaaaaaaaa!
A huge flash of light engulfed the aircraft and finally annihilated it without a trace.
Sirone spread her wings and soared into the sky.
‘Time is running out.’ Just as I was about to leave the island at full speed, I heard a loud roar from within the clouds.
Shirone narrowed her eyes as the clouds dissipated like smoke, exposing only a small portion of the aircraft.
“Terraforce?”
A voice was heard, like a revelation from God.
“Come up, Sirone.”
At the voice of the Supreme Court Justice, Sirone raised her altitude and pierced through the clouds.
It was a city-sized aircraft.
Upon reaching the center, the hole opened like an octopus’ mouth and sucked it in, ignoring gravity.
No one came out to meet me,
One of the many doors leading in all directions opened.
The place we arrived at after being guided on the road was a community the size of a village.
“See you again, Sirone.”
thud! thud!
It would be a human illusion to think that even though they were of the same species, they would be the same size.
As Justice Terraforce approached, Sirone had no choice but to hold his head up.
“See you again? When did we see you?” Long fingers that seemed to be able to penetrate the human body pointed at Sirone’s ears.
“When the memory transfer device is installed on you. Of course, it seems to have been removed now.”
Sirone wrinkled his brow.
“You chipped me?”
“okay. To be precise, you requested and persuaded, and I complied.”
“what?”
I definitely don’t remember it, but even if there was, I don’t think I would have made such a request.
“Why?”
The judge turned around.
“Sit down first. I’ll take you to the ivory tower. I have something to tell you.”
Sirone climbed into a chair that might have been used by a giant and waited in a cross-legged position.
The Supreme Court Justice who set the destination returned.
“First, I must apologize. I thought there was some truth in your opinion, but it seems that the other people had different ideas.”
“What are you talking about?”
“Extremists. I hacked the airwaves knowing that a chip was implanted in you. If you hadn’t wrecked their ship, I wouldn’t have found you either.”
“in short… … It has nothing to do with you?”
“I am not trying to make excuses. it’s my mistake However, I want to make it clear that it is not the will of the entire Terra Force.”
“I don’t get it. Even though you have a mind that is superior to humans, you can’t coordinate your opinions.”
“It is not uncommon. It also means that your opinion was unconventional. But to be precise… …
The Supreme Court judge pushed his face into Sirone.
“Even we who rule the universe have not achieved a unified mental system.”
Sirone shut his mouth.
“Gaia. not unique When you think about it, how difficult and great is it? To be able to think of one thing while having the diversity of objects.”
The Supreme Court judge touched Sirone’s head.
“If I had to explain the human level, that would be it. Murderers must be punished. Most would agree. But even this, from the point of view of the murderer, the idea is different.”
It’s not a perfect integration.
“Terraforce is slightly better. Should I go left or right at the fork in the road? The answer is different depending on the situation, but our choice is the same without exception. It means that the standard of conduct is perfectly established.”
“But this time it was split.” The judge withdrew his hand with a feeling of embarrassment.
all.
“okay. That’s a difficult problem, what an integrated mental system is. And because of that, even if you open your 10th sense… …
A thick voice rang out.
“You can’t open the Ultima system.” Sirone was also a question that had lingered in a corner of her mind ever since she realized her invincibility.

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 896 - Ruinous Strike(2) 1.txt
===============================
Devastating Strike (2)
“The integrative mental system is… … Sirone slurred his words.
If the world’s procedural principle was built as a system, there was one more fact that needed to be revealed.
“mind.”
said the chief justice.
“okay. The information of matter is based on light, but the mind is formed through quantum signals. After all, this is what it is.”
A hologram lit up in the air.
“When we recognize it, a quantum signal is triggered, and the world is realized by combining it with information coming through light.”
Sirone looked at the hologram of the planet indifferently.
“This hologram is not real. You can look all over the planet if you zoom in, but after all, it’s just a signal from the outside.”
The Supreme Court turned to Sirone.
“The tenth sense recognizes the smallest unit of all signals that make up the world. That’s why you’re a manager.”
“Answer me. Why did I erase my memory’?”
“Even the answer to that question can cause a distortion of your thinking. I can tell you if you want. But before that, what I want to make clear is that you wanted it. You from the past, not anyone else.”
If so, Sirone didn’t even want to dig it up.
However, since it was a choice made by my past self, I could fully imagine what the reason might have been.
“It’s probably to stop me.”
“okay. The moment you opened your 10th sense, there are now two managers in this world. And the ways to get to Ultima will also be different.”
“When I reach Ultima… …
“I will become a true Buddha. You are perfectly right. That’s the problem. In a world that has lost its vitality, the user can no longer exist.”
“user? Will it cease to exist?”
“When the ball is perfect, it is expected that the biological program Argones will be triggered. It is to annihilate all life in the universe. To put it in terms of the outside world, it is like forcibly disconnecting and leaving the user.”
Fichot’s warning finally made sense.
“The outside world… … Do you believe there is?”
“I don’t know. It’s not a matter of faith. Terraforce is the one who protects the world. A kind of user protection program. Just as Argones is activated when the ball is perfect, we destroy it when the evil is perfect.”
“Referee?”
“I know you hate it. But strictly speaking, I am not a referee. The essence of evil is chaos. Intelligence cannot survive in a world of chaos. It is not for us to judge, but as a way to protect this world.”
Sirone realized why the Supreme Court Justice had come.
“It means the end is near.”
“yes. If gong wins, the universe is closed, and if evil wins, mankind will perish. Not bad. However, from Yahweh’s point of view, nothing is welcome.”
“I will fight. Stop me, I’ll stop Havitz. To do that… …
You must reach the Ultima System before anyone else.
“Terraforce is also hoping. But it’s not easy, integrating the minds of all users.”
The judge turned around.
“Ultima becomes perfect when the user’s mind and its many signals are integrated into one. That’s why Gaiain was able to get away from Ang Kera, the manager. And also, it will be the only way you can completely subdue me.”
Sirone pondered the Supreme Court Justice’s words.
“Get ready, Sirone. The end is coming. Judgment Day, everything will be clear.”
When the Justice of the Supreme Court activated the engine, the steel wall of the common room slid and a full-length window appeared.
An ivory tower rose from the center of the Arctic, covered with ice.
“Big!”
In the cave of the Central Continent, Gaold was moaning.
“I’ve been stranded for three days already.”
Gangnan’s words meant that Gauld would be in terrible pain for three days.
“Aaaaaaa!”
Following the screams, the cave shook terribly.
“Gaold!”
Just as Gangnan was about to run in, Zulu grabbed his shoulder and shook his head.
“Dangerous. There is nothing we can do to help.”
He was probably in a state of losing his temper, and in the unlikely event that the air press was activated, he would have died instantly.
“but… …
“I’ll go and see.”
As Miro took a step forward, Kang Nan glared at him fiercely and shot at him.
“Don’t you know that if you go, things only get worse? Why the hell are you not leaving?”
Why?
It was a labyrinth that had been treated worse than a mutt by Gaold.
‘You bastard!’
It wouldn’t be an unbearable pain.
I could imagine how hateful the woman named Miro must be in the terrible hell of pain.
‘I mean, endure until the end!’
selfish thoughts.
However, because it was such a fall, wouldn’t it have left a crack in his flawless spirit?
‘Because of you, even me, what is this!’
He is holding on with a selfish heart, but if his mind gets worse, even the spirit of the Thousand Hands Guanyin who contemplates all things will be broken.
“I’ll give you one blow!”
Kang Nan shouted at Miro’s words.
“I told you to wait! You could die then! Is it because you don’t know the power of Gauld?”
Miro looked back with cold eyes.
“Do you know that I am like you? That kind of guy, I can beat him right now.”
“Keugh!”
In any case, since she was a woman who could follow Gaold’s apostasy, Gangnan had nothing to say in response.
“Kuaaaaa!”
The cave rang again at Gaold’s scream.
“I’m going crazy with the annoyance!”
Miro, who rolled up his sleeves and strode forward, saw Autumn curled up at the end of the cave.
“hey! What if you’ve been like this for days! When it comes to protecting the world! I’m weak and fall for it!”
“go away.”
A hoarse voice echoed through the cave.
“Get out of my sight! Get lost! I mean disappear from the world!”
After shouting like that, Gaold poured out all kinds of heavy snow that he couldn’t bear to put in his mouth.
K | 99
Miro clenched her fists tightly and bit her lip, accepting all the words.
“ha! ha!”
Gaold let out a rough breath, and that alone was like swallowing a razor.
“Are you done? Are you feeling a little relieved now? How did you normally hold back because you wanted to tease me so much?”
“??????go away.”
Gaold’s dying voice upset Miro.
“Don’t get me wrong. I didn’t follow because I liked it. I want to make sure it ends. And now I’ve decided Also you can’t Let’s sort this out.”
“Okay, please go… …
“hey! you really!”
Miro, whose ax eye was raised, moved quickly with the momentum to swing his fist.
“Even if I go, I have to hit one!”
The moment he lit up the surroundings with flash magic and reached out his hand toward Gaold’s collar.
Miro couldn’t do anything and became frozen.
“Huhhh…”
Perhaps even the light is painful, but the figure of Autumn, with his withered body crouching and trembling… … .
“… … hey.”
It was a state that could not be called a human being.
“you stupid.”
Unable to control her emotions, Miro’s face was crumpled with tears and tears flowed.
“What the hell is this?”
Gaold lowered his head in shame and hid his face, but his appearance was even more pitiful.
‘I’d rather die…
Even death seemed like a blessing.
“Why are you so stupid?” Only bones remained. Miro hugged Old’s body and leaned his cheek on her shoulder.
“Huh! Whoa!”
Feeling the trembling of the labyrinth transmitted through his skin, Gauld shut his mouth tightly.
“Ahh! Aaaaaang!” Perhaps for the first time in her life, having fully displayed her emotions, she couldn’t hold back her cries.
Humanity’s greatest seeker.
There was a huge crack in the spirit of the superman who did not tolerate even the slightest flaw.
that evening.
“after. after.”
As Autumn shivered in a blanket in front of the campfire, Kang Nan held out a spoon.
“Here, eat.”
Gaold’s mouth opened slowly, and Kang-Nan supported the spoon and slowly put in the food.
Miro’s eyes cooled as she sat on the other side and watched the scene between her knees.
“red. It looks very nice. Then I’ll be fine.”
“What does it matter?”
Kang Nan, who replied indifferently, put a spoon in the plate containing Mi Eum and stirred it.
‘ jealousy?’
I sued with an honest feeling, but it was ironic that Miro felt jealous of the world.
Gaold looked up.
“It’s a maze.”
When it was called for the first time after coming out of the cave, Miro stood up, showing her bright colors.
“why? Shall I feed you? After all, am I better?”
“Stop leaving.”
Miro narrowed his brows.
“Is that sound again? It’s my decision to leave… …
“You are in danger.”
Thinking Gaold had caught her, her lips tightened as she spoke.
“You are with me. You can’t fight if you don’t keep your mental state at its peak. You want to save the world. Go back to your seat.”
“What is my seat?”
“polar. Human emotions don’t suit you. If you are obsessed with one thing, you cannot see the whole.”
One of the reasons why the incarnation of the labyrinth, Thousand-Armed Guanyin, is powerful is that there are no blind spots.
She views the world from all directions and can plan an attack in any situation.
Miro slumped to his seat.
“I do my own thing.” If the heart is like that, if it was something that could be easily undone, it would have been done right away.
“If you can’t.”
Gaold held out his index finger.
“Can I help you?” A terrifying breath of life spewed out, and a gigantic air was compressed at the tips of the fingers.
Kang Nan gulped at the power that even the surrounding air trembled, and Miro glared at the fingertips.
‘Gaold, I’m really going to kill him.’ If the incarnation of the Thousand Arms Guanyin is properly used, an air gun can be avoided.
But being able to do that meant that he had already killed Gaold in his heart.
“you.”
At the time Miro opened his mouth, the screams of demons were heard from the side of the cliff where the party was holding their backs.
“Keeeh!”
It was still far from the core battlefield, but demons were everywhere in the central continent.
“Sheesh! Move!”
At the same time Gangnan woke up, Gauldwa, Zulu, and Miro scattered in all directions.
!三 r： T三 !三 = T三 I
??1~I~I~I~r!
Demons poured down the cliff like a waterfall, and those with the ability to fly covered the sky.
‘Air gun!’
Gauld turned the hand he had aimed at Miro and fired an air bullet towards the cliff.
Aaaaaaaang!
The cliff was destroyed with a single shot, but the demons pushed through the smoke endlessly.
‘It must be over 100,000.’
It seemed that he was on his way somewhere.
“Fight!”
Zulu’s summoned cougar jumped in as the air gun fired endlessly.
“Aaaaaang!”
Gangnan, who was guarding Gaold’s side, destroyed the remnants with his fist, which had escaped the fire.
“The place is not good! Back off and do it!”
The distance with the allies was too close to end it with Pagye’s air press.
“A labyrinth?”
Zulu asked, stepping back after Gaold.
Only then did Kang Nan, who realized, looked around and pointed to one place with startled eyes.
“I-over there… … !”
Above the heads of the demons, the incarnation of the Thousand-Handed Guanshi Yin was shaking precariously.
“Come on!”
The incarnation of Miro attacked the demons, but the power was so great that it could not be seen as extreme.
“Puhahaha! It tickles me!”
“That’s it??????!”
The moment she turned her head, a huge club fell in front of her.
‘I missed it!’
A square is formed.
“die!”
Right before Miro’s head was crushed, afterimages flew in and quickly covered Miro’s body.
Wow!
The air shield’s shockwave exploded, and Miro confirmed who was hugging her.
“Go, Autumn?” A feeling of relief flashed in Gaold’s eyes as he inspected the maze.

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 897 - Ruinous Strike(3).txt
===============================
Devastating Strike (3)
Iruki pointed to the map.
“Abyssal Cliff.”
It was a 160-kilometer-long valley that runs along the border between Tormia and Kazura.
“It’s easy to think of it as a place where there is a risk of ambush, but the Balkans will come here.”
Geographically only a valley, the cliffs of the abyss are over 17 kilometers wide.
was a giant terrain.
“Above all, passing through here is the shortest way to get to Tormia. We also lost half of our power on the Kahnian Plateau.”
It was the damage suffered in only one day’s battle.
‘And Amy… …
Eruki erased his thoughts and continued.
“But as much as the damage is great, it can hit a vital point. It would be unthinkable to set a trap in such a huge terrain with the lack of Valkyrie troops.”
“It may not actually exist.”
Iruki nodded.
“yes. There are no pitfalls. There are only elemental bombs that can blow up entire valleys.”
“Whoa.”
Since it was a key strategy that could end the war, the commanders’ tension reached its peak.
“I will stop here.”
The place the baton was pointing at was the center of the valley, 70 kilometers away from Tormia.
“The power of an elemental bomb is beyond imagination. The terrain will offset the impact, but neither the damage to our allies nor the nearby cities will be spared.”
said the commander.
“This is an opportunity that came after a lot of sacrifices. There is no option not to do it. All we can do is explode it at the point where the expected damage is minimal.”
Iruki remained silent.
“Sir General.”
“yes. I have no desire to take care of my conscience alone. The operation proceeds as planned. The day of the showdown has arrived. There should be no mistakes.”
After the words were firmly concluded, the commanders left the meeting room with a look of relief.
Aromi approached Iruki.
“Are you having a hard time making a decision?”
Since he wasn’t someone who didn’t know the weight of the military commander, he was anxious to see him swaying.
“no. It’s not like that.”
“Then maybe… … Is it because of Major Amy?”
I couldn’t deny it.
‘I couldn’t recover the body.’
If the conclusion had been made with certainty, I would not have suffered from such an inner illness.
‘If you survived, there’s no way you wouldn’t return to the unit. Was it eventually captured by the demons?’
With the entire army of Hell descending, it was like dropping a bomb on her head.
“Sir, it is embarrassing to say this, but… …
Aromi said hesitantly.
“If Major Amy is still alive and captured by the demons, killing her would rather help her.” Knowing how cruel the demons are, Iruki agreed on the one hand.
“The reason Balkan didn’t realize the variable of Kitaru Man… …
Iruki finally spoke his mind.
“It was because the scope of the accident was different from mine. Even if you can read the flow of the crowd, you cannot read the flow outside the table. Because you can’t think about the unthinkable.”
“Yes. But why did you suddenly say that… …
“I do now.”
The thought that I was missing something haunted me.
“If Amy is captured, terrible things will happen, and Vulcan will use it. Because there is no better way to destroy my sanity than that.”
“Hmm.”
“But there is no response. Maybe Amy was not captured by her demons.”
Aromi wanted to give hope, but now it was a time when only cold judgment was all.
“Sir General, it’s hard to reason in that sense… …
“i know.”
Even Iruki knew.
“Even if Amy is caught, there are hundreds of reasons not to make it public. Sirone, it might be a paving stone for Yahweh. So it must be a level of delusion… …
Although the psychology of wanting the safety of a precious friend may have changed the accident circuit.
“It keeps making noise. I don’t think it’s clear no matter what criteria I use, either experience or logic.”
Aromi realized that Iruki was in a cold state.
“It means that something may be happening outside of your thoughts, Commander-in-Chief.”
“yes.”
Iruki looked back at the valley of the abyss.
“As in the case of the guitar man, that might be the difference between the success and failure of this strategy.”
Where the hell is Amy
peel?
* * ?
“Whoa. Whoa.”
Amy’s breathing sounded harsh in the hut built in the mountains of the Central Continent.
Her hair was short, and bandages were wrapped all over her burnt body.
It was fortunate that the heat did not penetrate deep into the skin, and sooner or later the scab would come off.
“I don’t see any sign of waking up.” Shura said looking at Amy lying on the bed.
“The body has recovered, but the more serious side is the mind. It is a fundamentally different matter from samadhi.”
Samadhi is based on the providence of the cosmos, but Amy’s multiplicity of things is entirely artificial.
“It’s like they dug themselves into the ground and closed the exit. You will not be able to get out on your own.”
Nane said biting her index finger.
“Remove the bandage.”
“What are you going to do?”
“Currently, she closed her eyes, plugged her ears, and cut off all senses herself. Her human transmission will not be able to pull her out of her abyss.” As Shura undid the bandages on her abdomen, her new flesh swelled out, revealing her reddish skin.
Nane, who wrote a circle of bloody words around her navel, sat cross-legged.
“Get as far away as possible. It won’t be worth it.”
In order to bring Amy back, a sermon by a robber, like giving enlightenment to a rock, was needed.
“Do not work too hard.”
When Shura left the cabin, Nane smiled kindly and lowered her eyelids gently.
The lips gently open.
“Mahavanya… …
As the sermon with a unique rhyme continued endlessly, the mountains, rivers, and trees began to tremble.
“Keugh!”
Shura, who was rushing into the forest, covered her ears.
‘It’s not a sound.’
Nane’s voice that pierced the image echoed in my head without passing through the eardrum.
“Color immediately ball Instant color… …
Inside the cabin where the sermon sounded, Amy’s body became hot as if it were on fire.
“ha. ha.”
Even in the unconscious state, a thin voice leaked from her throat as she was breathing heavily.
“Sirone.”
Earth Temple of the Ivory Tower.
With the five great stars who had been called by Taeseong gathered together, Sirone finished the story.
“Argones.”
It was shocking.
“So what, does that mean that whether I win or Havits wins, the world is coming to an end?”
Fried continued with a displeased face.
“Even if you look at the ivory tower lightly, it’s an oil fountain. Do you think we can stay still during that time?”
Silence ensued.
“Hey, what is everyone doing? Aren’t you afraid?”
said Minerva.
“It doesn’t matter if you fight or sleep. It’s a situation where the underlying system kicks in. The best thing is to end it without going to that situation. To do so, she turned to Sirone.
“Sirone has no choice but to establish an integrated mental system first before Nane realizes it.”
There was no disagreement.
In the same sense, that’s why none of the stars of the Ivory Tower told Sirone.
‘Amy has disappeared.’
If even Taeseong couldn’t be found, a certain person or force similar to him took her.
‘It could be me. But it could also be Harvits.’
Both characters were possible.
‘I can’t reveal it now.’
Thing opened his mouth.
“Sirone, before we prepare for the end, there is something we need to point out. There is something you don’t know.”
Minerva turned her head with a pale face.
‘Sheesh! That stubborn man.’
Xing, believing everyone but himself to be an illusion, saw no need to perjury.
“What do you not know?”
Thing turned his head and said.
“In the Central Continent… …
At that time, the temple of the earth of the ivory tower shook.
“what?”
Even if it was a steeple on the ground, there was no reason for the Earth Temple floating in space to shake.
Taeseong said with a bitter expression.
“You are finally here.”
In the glass window reflecting the planet, I saw something burning hot with the friction of the air.
“dragon?”
It was truly awe-inspiring to see them rise vertically while emitting electricity from their blue scales.
Sirone remembered the identity of the dragon.
“Pterosaur Brain Blitz.”
One of the 12 dragons who protect time, it was the creature that Andre met in World No. 1.
It was also one of the few first-class dragons that could leave the planet and enter outer space.
Woo woo woo woo!
Blitz attached his huge body to the ceiling of the Temple of Earth and bent his long neck to look inside.
“Hey Taeseong.”
There was a cold voice that went straight into everyone’s brains without going through the air.
Taeseong looked at the ceiling.
“Apostle of Time, why did you visit this place?”
The big eyes looked around the Earth Temple and fixed on Sirone.
“Our core seeks you.”
“If it’s a core… …
Mudeung Dragon Karatorsa.
“You mean you woke up from eternal sleep?” There is a famous anecdote about leaving behind the words “I will handle it” when no one else can handle it.
“Something big is coming. It is only a matter of time before the Mudeungryong wakes up. Sirone, the one who opened the senses of nothingness. follow me The core will tell you.” Sirone approached Taeseong.
“What do you want me to tell you?”
“How to fight.”
“Who are you fighting?”
Blitz turned his head wide and looked down at the northern hemisphere of the planet. In his gaze, the Eastern Jungcheon-dong was included.
“Heaven.”
A peak rising through the clouds.
On the highest hill in Jungcheon-dong in the East, there is a shrine built by mankind’s strongest wizard.
Guffin’s Gate.
A huge iron ball with henna engraved on the angel’s tongue began to vibrate high in the sky.
The iron ball swayed like a liquid, then exploded violently and blew all the peaks away.
Aaaaaaaaagh! What remained at the site of the explosion was a tunnel so gigantic that it swallowed the entire Central Valley.
“Is this the bureau?”
The soles of my feet suddenly protruded from the black sphere and stomped on the ground.
Whoops!
A small garden burst open.
“Cheuk, it’s so small.”
Following them, numerous giants appeared, and fairies soared into the sky.
The angels and their servant Mara arrogantly passed through the tunnel, and finally four archangels appeared.
Although they are half pages that have lost the concept they refer to, the world is shaken only by the energy they radiate.
The Archangel of Destruction, Uriel, revealed his thoughts.
“You are here at last. It took longer than expected.”
Rayel, the archangel of light, said.
“It could have taken longer. yeah that’s weird There is a sense that the dimensional barrier was pierced too easily.”
Uriel muttered.
“maze??????
What happened to the world’s strongest monk who had blocked the army of heaven alone?
The giants and maras who had been waiting for today could not suppress their speculation and screamed.
“let’s fight! Let’s punish the arrogant people who deny God!”
Ikael was watching them.
‘Sirone.’
The reason I couldn’t be of the same mind as them was because Hexa was here.
“Chief Angel! Order to sortie! Give Mimul a chance to teach her the dignity of God!”
Ikael quietly opened his mouth.
“… … Ataraxia.”
As her asteroid expanded at a tremendous speed, it spread a halo of brilliant colors.
“Huh!”
In the midst of silence like a lie.
“It reaches the entire army.”
Only her voice resounded amplified.

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 898 - Devastating Strike(4).txt
===============================
Devastating Strike (4)
Demons rushed towards Gaold.
“Now! Kill!”
The moment when the red and blue bodies formed a tight dome around Gaold.
“Ouch… …
The air press burst outside.
With an explosion, the demons’ bodies were torn to pieces, and the sky was visible in Miro’s field of vision.
“Gaold, you… …
Before he could finish his words, Gaold grabbed Miro by the collar and screamed out loud.
“What are you doing, you idiot!”
The relief in his eyes was gone, and only hatred overflowed.
Miro, who had no desire to make an excuse, let go of his collar and shouted.
“It doesn’t matter now! I mean, I couldn’t help it! The dimensional wall… … !”
“Careful!”
At the same time as Gangnan shouted, all the demons rushed towards Gaold.
“Damn it!”
Gaold’s hair turned white, and powerful atmospheric pressure pressed down the entire radius.
Woo woo woo woo!
Blood poured like a fountain from the corpse of the demon, who couldn’t even make a squeak.
“Avoid for once!”
Gaold grabbed Miro’s hand and flew into the sky, followed by Gangnan and Zulu.
Miro exclaimed urgently.
“Let go! I have something to tell you!” The reason why the incarnation of Thousand Arms Guanshi Yin completely collapsed was not just because the mind was shaken.
‘The gateway has been breached.’
Although it was not as strong as the old samadhi-gyeong, it was also true that even the nane was not easily destroyed.
‘I made up my mind and came in.’
Miro, who had taken care of his dizzy mind, shook off Gaold’s hand and stopped in the air.
“wait.”
When Gaold looked back, Gangnan and Zulu quickly came to his side.
Gangnan pointed with his finger.
“If you keep interfering like this,
“I have to go back.”
Since it was a maze that had kept its place despite all sorts of insults, Gangnan narrowed his eyes.
“Are you going back?”
Miro looked back.
“Probably Jungcheon-dong, the door to the Guffin you were trying to use has been breached. Heaven’s army invaded.”
It was a case of misfortune.
“Shion has to move first before they meet me. no, maybe… …
The place they are aiming for must also be Zion.
‘The fighting power itself is the strongest. What’s more, I’m in a state where the power of mankind has weakened.’
What they are concerned about is not a strong enemy, but a state in which collision itself is impossible due to the dimensional barrier.
“Once I go, I will go. When the central continent is stable… …
“wait.”
Gaold said.
“Something is not going to be solved if you go. But it won’t be solved without you.”
In order to fight the army of Heaven, at least Miro’s mind must be intact.
“Can we talk later? class now
I say.”
“Even if we go on like this, the only thing waiting for us is death. Either stay here, or leave me and go to Zion.”
Of course, he had to go to Zion, but the emotion that briefly flashed in his eyes grabbed his ankle.
“I will not abandon you.”
Miro said, biting her lip.
“Because you won’t abandon me. I will never forsake you either. okay?” Gauld turned around.
“Zulu, Gangnan. Go with the maze.”
When you arrive in Zion, you will also have to make a choice in the labyrinth.
It would have been inevitable.
“Why us?”
And Gaold was the one who knew more about Miro than anyone else.
‘You’ll find out what’s right.’
Gauld, who had let go of the maze with such a heart, said while passing by Zulu and Gangnan.
“No other reason. Check out Zion’s results. I’m going to the Central Continent.”
It was as if he had found a place to die.
“Could you… …
“It’s not like that. come back quickly The demons are also a problem, but the army of heaven
It’s a really serious matter.”
Zulu grabbed Gangnan’s shoulder.
“let’s go. I don’t have time.”
All Gangnan could do was to deal with Zion’s work as quickly as possible.
“I’ll take you to the labyrinth and come back. Don’t think about doing it all by yourself, just wait.”
After confirming Gaold’s smile, Kang Nan climbed on the Zulu’s pet Kaidra.
Aaaaaaaaaa!
Blood gushed out of Gaold’s mouth as he watched the rogue bird quickly head south.
“Cak! Cuck!”
It’s not long.
“Heh. Heh heh heh.”
The reason I can still laugh is because what I hate the most is my own body.
“okay. Do more, do more.”
Gaold glared at the vision of himself standing in front of him, revealing his intention to kill.
“I will kill you terribly.”
The last fireworks to set life ablaze were waiting.
Alpones Mountains.
“This is… …
Sirone, who had crashed toward the planet from the Earth Temple, looked down at the winding mountain range like a snake’s corpse.
Before entering the magic school, it was the habitat of the dragon that Lian and I chatted all night with.
“Here lies the core.”
Transformed into a human form, Blitz flew next to Sirone and pointed at the mountain range.
“Do you remember? We met you at the beginning of human history.”
Andre’s World No. 1.
It was not a period for normal creatures to remember, but the dragon did not know oblivion.
“After you left that era, Mudeung-ryong told me. Shiro Yes, find you.”
Sirone looked back at Blitz.
“But why now? It didn’t matter anytime after I entered Andre’s World No. 1, right?”
Because at that point the promise becomes valid.
“There were conditions. When you can understand the emptiness of space, you will need us. It was close, but I think I made it in time anyway.”
If it was just a little too late to open Mu Tae, he would have greeted the army of angels without waking Mudeung Ryong.
“Come on, go. Get access to our core. Hear about everything in this world there.”
I guessed, but I asked first.
“How do you wake up?”
“Mudeungryong only made a condition.”
Nodding her head, Sirone opened her senses and looked down at the ground.
‘There is no form.’
The mountain range disappeared, and I could see something sleeping in the void between the information.
‘ wow??????
Huge information made of golden light.
‘That’s Kara Torsa.’ It was time itself.
‘ Goes.’
Since distance has no meaning in the state of nothingness, Sirone’s figure disappeared in an instant.
Blitz looked up at the sky and murmured.
“The end of time… …
Sirone, who penetrated the realm of matter and matter as it was, arrived in front of a huge golden information.
“I heard you want to meet me
yo. this.”
The dragon-shaped light did not respond, and Sirone slowly held out his hand.
‘Conflicts may occur.’
If Mudeungryong’s consciousness causes a backlash, the number of converting that information into physical force would be close to disaster.
‘But I won’t.’
It means that he foresaw today’s events from the fact that he walked on the condition of the 10th sense, state of invincibility.
Sirone’s hand disintegrated with a signal and gently touched the surface of the golden information.
“ah??????
Karatorsa’s information rose like a haze, and both eyes opened with a white light.
“It’s Yahweh’s information.”
A voice that transcended words penetrated Sirone’s consciousness.
“You who seek meaning at the end of the void, why did you come to me?”
“Heaven’s armies will invade this world. I heard you have something to pass on to me.”
“An angel… …
After waking up after a long time, Karatorsa recalled the battle with the angel that had been going on for a long time.
“Are you omnipotent?”
Can you dismantle all the signals in this world?
“yes.”
When Sirone nodded in response, Kara Torsa slowly stood up.
‘I feel like I’m getting bigger.’
An indescribable sense of exhilaration flooded Sirone’s consciousness, which was connected by a signal.
“Then I will tell you.”
Karatorsa, shining golden, looked down at Sirone and burned her eyes.
“All the information in this world.”
It is called omniscience.
Ikael’s voice resounded as he rode the Ataraxia, a super-magic booster.
“The reason we came here is to once again color this land with God’s mercy. The omnipotent Anchera entrusted the work to one human being.”
Ikael took a breath and said.
“The enlightened one.”
it’s dahlia
“So the first thing we have to do is to seek him out. From now on, according to the archangel’s order… …
As Ikael’s voice echoed, the giants sitting on the ground grumbled.
“Anyway, talk a lot. We just have to fight.”
He didn’t put mountains under his feet like other giants, but that was proof of his strength.
“Isn’t it?”
Girshin, the giant corps leader, turned to the person who was sitting cross-legged and resting his chin on his chin.
“You are the king of giants.”
Ymir raised the corners of his mouth thickly.
“Hey, leave it alone. Once we start, not even the archangel will be able to stop us.”
Unlike someone who waited for today trapped in the ice of Helheim, he was overflowing with composure.
‘It’s free.’
I couldn’t even remember how long it had been since I had stepped on the battlefield in the state of my body.
“Let’s have fun. Even entertainment like this.” Ikael gave the mission.
“First, the angels look down and survey the entire terrain… …
Son Yoo-jung shouted from the ground.
“Oh, little! shut up!”
Mara and others trembled at the fact that Ataraxia had stopped talking while it was expanding.
“Is that really human?”
It was actually a monkey.
As the woman’s stick held by her toes stretched, it rose to Ikael’s height.
“It’s in the Buddha’s palm, but if we need it, he’ll find it. Do you think I came to meet that old man? Satan, where is that child! Find it quickly!”
“Yoojung, there is an order to work. If you disobey the archangel’s order, no matter how you… …
“Oh, I don’t know! I will find it!”
As Yu-jeong pulled Yeoui-bong and flew through the air, an explosion at the speed of sound was immediately heard.
Compressing the atmosphere and flying, it seemed as if they were moving on clouds.
Ikael’s henchman, Mara Ashur of the Three Heads asked.
“Should I go after him and kill him?”
“Leave it alone. More important is to control the laws of this world. Uriel.”
“Please tell me.”
Ikael amplified his senses and surveyed the planet.
“South. This is where the human law works most powerfully. Go and deal with it.”
Uriel turned to Shion.
“… … Pagye?”
“It is as you have heard.”
“All right.”
Uriel, who rotated the goon of paradise, quickly left the army as he ascended to the oblique line.
‘Is there a maze over there?’
Arriving at the South Pole, he looked down at the scene of Zion covered with white ice.
‘It doesn’t matter.’
Whatever exists will cease to exist.
‘Ragnarok.’
As Uriel’s judicial halo rotates at the speed of light, it accumulates the concept of destruction.
“Oohhhh!”
As the angel’s armor was covered with white electricity, lightning flashed and thunder erupted in all directions.
“What, what!”
The monks of Zion, who were in an emergency, discovered the lightning that filled the sky and put their hands together.
“It must be stopped!”
Qurrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr!
A roar that seemed to rip through the heavens exploded, and Yuriel’s body was struck like lightning.
“this!”
and the next moment.
‘Damn it!’
A cataclysmic blow that collapsed the entire Antarctic continent hit the planet.
continues in the next volume

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 899 - Omega(1).txt
===============================
Omega(1)
“Is it a start?”
Electricity flowed through the eyes of Blitz, who was examining the Alpones Mountains from the sky.
Through the interactive network, the thoughts of Mudeungryong Kara Torsa were being conveyed.
‘Dragon.’
The language of dragons is binary.
‘The smallest unit of information forming a form.’ so it is clear
‘In human language, red has a spectrum close to infinity… …
Binary numbers can accurately represent all kinds of red in the universe.
‘There is no distortion in our conversation.’ The end of infinite retreat.
It was the reason why Balaur could build a huge database to share each other’s thoughts.
‘But even so, it’s just reading information.’
The Ultima system recorded in the Balaur database was not at this level.
‘1 digit.’
The Ultima system can accept all signals in this world by itself.
‘In a completely dismantled world, what you’re facing is probably empty… …
No information actually exists.
‘You have the only thing that can dwell in that desolate void.’
heart [heart].
Where there is nothing, only the mind flows.
‘That’s what humans are.’
Sooner or later Sirone will find out.
‘Only humans can transcend the administrator’s authority and strike the outside world.’
This was possible when all minds and all quantum signals were integrated into one.
‘The Gaians were like that.’
Conflict between the Ultima System and the Akashic Records.
“It is also something you should see.” Blitz’s gaze pierced the illusion of the Alpones Mountains and penetrated deep underground.
Sirone, engulfed in the huge light of Karatorsa, stopped thinking and opened her mouth.
“Are you talking about all the information in the world, batteries?”
Sirone’s Ultima system accepted Karatorsa’s binary numbers without difficulty.
“It is not like academic knowledge defined by humans. Knowledge is, after all, the realm of interpretation. What I want to convey is something that exists by itself. It is knowledge.”
Light oppressed Sirone as if it had mass.
“I am Kara Torsa, the guardian of time. There is no phenomenon without time. It can’t be hot, it can’t melt, it can’t freeze.”
So it was indifferent.
“Only I can lay out the fleeting signals that make up this world in units of time. And now I will give you the record. The whole world, the beginning and end of time.”
A powerful voice permeated.
“Battery, Omega.”
Knowledge is contained in the flow of time.
‘The history of everything.’
Sirone recalled the day he completed the spine of knowledge in the Great Library of the Ogent family.
‘Wizard’s way.’
That’s when everything started.
And now, the seeker of truth was trying to contain everything in this world.
“I will accept it.”
An endless amount of data began to permeate through Sirone’s light.
“It will be a long trip.”
Literally the beginning of the universe.
Returning to that point, Sirone’s ego gradually faded and completely disappeared.
“iced coffee.”
everything was pouring in.
In the beginning there was light.
‘Huh!’
A flash of light exploded in Sirone’s vision, who opened his eyes in an indescribable shock.
‘I am……
Karatorsa’s record is binary information
was infinitely listed, but ‘Ankera?’
With her 10 senses that transcended time and space, Sirone absorbed the whole of this world.
‘What is it?’
What I felt when I realized that Ankera existed for the first time was the question of cause and effect.
‘Did I have a dream?’
Wasn’t it possible that he suddenly came into existence?
‘Or is this a dream?’
Anke Ra, who had been agonizing over a world without even time, finally came to a conclusion.
“I can not know.”
Some kind of world might have actually existed, or it could have been just an illusion without a subject.
“It is all that I perceive.”
Mind Program God.
The mind of Ankera, who first perceived the world, spread through quantum signals.
Eight concepts were separated in the unified field, and the universe was formed according to the speed of time.
Numerous planets, including the sun, began to operate according to their own rules by the first power.
‘The beginning of the law.’
It is impossible to predict by human thinking, but from this moment on, the cause and effect have already been determined.
According to the causal law, what could be called life in the Goldilocks realm was born.
‘cell.’
The simplest organic material has undergone numerous species experiments, repeating evolution and selection.
The environment was still harsh.
“Taesung.”
From the boiling sea, Argones, the father of creatures, slowly rose to land.
“The strongest life form was born.”
When Argones, who had uttered such words, did not move and opened his mouth again, a huge amount of time had passed.
“It’s a mutation.”
Where Taeseong turned his head, the strongest creature that Sirone knew was flying in the sky.
‘Kara Torsa.’
Taeseong said while many dragons, including Mudeungryong, occupied land, sea, and air.
“They are poor children.”
Argones agreed.
“Over time, the environment will stabilize. If that species is preserved, the balance of the biological world will be destroyed.”
It was a kind of prototype.
“If possible now… …
As Argones felt alive in his body, Tae-seong looked back with a sad expression.
“I think all lives are precious.”
“Is it a personal opinion? It’s unusual.”
As beings born by the same Ankera, it was strange that their thoughts were so different.
“These are my children. It’s all my fault. If I had made a better environment… …
“The law has no meaning.”
Argones stopped talking.
“We are in the infancy of the world. The wavelength generated when it leans to one side will grow out of control as time goes by. I exist for the living world, not for a specific creature.”
Sirone realized that the antagonism between Argones and Gaia had begun.
‘but… …
Obviously, even in the era where Sirone lived, dragons existed as apostles of time.
‘What happened?’ Omega flowed again.
The battery was perfecting as all the events that unified time and space flowed in.
Aaaaaang!
The dragon’s roar was transmitted in the language of binary numbers and realized in Sirone’s senses.
A meteorite was falling while dozens of broken moons embroidered the sky with fragments.
“why… …
Caratorosa, pinned to the ground, staggered and raised his head slowly.
“Are you trying to destroy us?”
“Because it is strong.”
Argones’ voice was cold.
“There are no predictable categories for creatures, but you guys have become too strong. You can consider it an honor.”
At first, it was just a strong creature.
However, the tremendous cognitive ability created by the extreme environment continues to regress infinitely… … .
‘The source of the world.’
It has reached the stage of dominating the phenomenon.
“How could that be the reason for extinction?”
“I don’t know.”
Not even Argones.
“We exist for no reason, and all history is accomplished by a mission that transcends this world.”
“Are you talking about the outside world?” Ankera defined everything in this world, but there was one unknown fact.
where do i come from
“Life receives the genes of its ancestors. But Anke is different. When a being is born from nothing, can you imagine the thought of that being? It’s just a mission. A mission to fill this world with life.”
“What if that mission changes someday?”
Argones tilted his head and answered after another huge delay.
“No matter how the whole changes, that is the whole.”
“Then what is the meaning of living things? Only Ankera can dream a new dream. If all creatures reset, what are we doing now?”
“… … What do you want to say?”
“It is about your authority. If such a situation arises, as the director of all living things, I cannot say that you are not at fault.”
Ankera, Gaia, and Argones were born with the mission to manage the world given to each of them.
‘My mission… …
Karatorsa said.
“I will keep it.”
Argones raised his head.
“what?”
“Even if Anchera dreams a new dream, I will protect the dreams of all creatures. Become an apostle of time… …
Cara Torsa raised her huge body and looked down at Argones with many dragons on her back.
“History will not change.”
Argones was lost in thought.
‘It is a very peculiar creature. mutant? But that would also be nothing more than the cause and effect of the law.’
I wanted to think that there must be a reason for existence.
“I will be watching.”
When Argones, who had allowed the dragons to be preserved, turned and walked away, Taeseong appeared.
“what?”
“I’m glad I can protect the children.”
Taeseong added with a smile.
“honey.”
“… … joy.”
Leaving a cold answer behind, Taeseong turned around and said as he passed by.
“See you often.”
It was just such a world.
The era when they thought they were everything without even knowing the true meaning of their mission.
Sirone endlessly accepted Omega.
And at some point, you feel an event that will shake the foundation of this world with your 10 senses.
“It feels good.”
Now, in a stable environment, Argones and Taeseong looked down at the creatures on the ground.
“yes. It resembles you.”
Like humans born from the earth, men had rough skin, but women had smooth skin like wet mud.
All of them had sharp impressions, and the metallic hair that came down to the waist gave a strong feeling.
“Should I call you Gaia?”
At Argones’ words, Taeseong turned his head.
“Can you really?”
“The form resembles me, but everything about them comes from you. You better call me Gaia.”
Taeseong was happy.
“Our children…
At that moment, Argones’ eyes widened and a serious light began to shine.
“what?”
Feeling the same thing, Taeseong looked up at the sky, and Sirone also matched her gaze.
‘It’s not the sky.’
Countless flashes of light, probably from outside the world, were being shot at the Gaians.
Enter user code – link.
The Gaians who received the signal lifted their heads, and golden electricity shone in their eyes.
“Big!” A man with a frown on his face soon put on a calm expression and hurried around him.
“Are you here? It’s terribly desolate. That won’t be much fun.”
A woman resembling a wolf approached him, alternately checking her hands.
“We are the first. If the missing link code gets caught anyway, I’ll forget everything, but it’s a bit uncomfortable. It is usually completed in the fetal state.”
The woman made a hazy expression while other users were already losing their memories.
“ah… … I am coming too.” The pupil light was going out.
“Have a good day. See you in the next life.” The woman’s memory was blocked, and the man also looked up at the sky and waited for the right time.
“… … It is the beginning of an endless cycle of reincarnations.” Argones came.
“What are you guys?”
The moment the man turned his head and smiled, Argones was in pure shock.
U | 99
It seemed that no being in the world could display such complete arrogance.
‘The light in those eyes.’ Where does that light that looks down on everything in the world come from?
‘ like??????
He seemed to be saying this.
i am your god

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 900 - Omega(2).txt
===============================
Omega(2)
Zion.
Antarctica, which was hit directly by Uriel’s Ragnarok, continued to crack and tear apart.
As the monk’s temple collapsed, Arius hurriedly escaped.
“Keong kong! growl!”
Although his eyes were not removed, he had already experienced the presence in the air.
“Heaven’s army!”
The monks who guarded Zion immediately took action, but there was nothing they could do.
“The author… …
A majestic vibration was spreading around Yuriel flying through the sky.
‘archangel. All in all, now… …
There was no way to stop the archangel in a situation where most of the executives, including Miro, were away.
“Humans.”
As the body of the giant landed on the ground with a thump, the monks each signed their hand.
“Hmm.”
Uriel looked around.
As the ice melted due to the extreme heat, steam was rising from all sides.
“Where is the maze?”
Dharma of the Eternal community who joined Shion walked to Yuriel representing everyone.
Behind her were Hyega, a disciple of Dharma, and Sky Yugo, who was once an Ivory Tower candidate.
“Dharma.”
The ranks of archangels and subjects are far away, but Dharma and Hye of the Eternals community also knew Yuriel.
“Are you betraying me?”
“A seeker is one who advances in search of what is right. Those left behind will feel betrayed… …
Fighting spirit rose from Daruma’s body.
“That’s why you can’t catch a rotten string.”
Uriel, who was listening calmly, felt the force of the law tightening from all sides.
At the same time, Dharma held out his fist.
‘Pungnyu Geumgangwon!’
As the atmosphere compressed, a wind that looked like it had been stamped out of the shape of a fist hit Yuriel.
“Now!”
Yuriel’s body was pushed back several tens of meters with a thud, and all the monks maximized the law.
“Redeemer!”
Angels born from certain concepts have a weakness that makes them vulnerable to the Law of Opposition.
It was for this reason that Ikael ordered to strike Zion first upon arriving on this planet.
“That’s ridiculous.”
Even the law that sealed the psychic realm was insufficient to block the concept of Uriel.
“No, it always has been.”
Adrias Miro.
“Isn’t it a race of non-Rus who squeezed out one person’s life and endured?”
Each angel has a different opinion, but Miro was the only human that Uriel recognized.
“Destroy it.”
Uriel’s celestial sword was born outside the elbow and rotated at a terrifying speed.
Hey hey hey hey!
Just hearing the burst of air made the monks’ faces pale.
“Chun Bo-ryun.”
Hyega held out her one arm when the black disk flew.
‘Keumgangseong!’
His body shone transparently, and the air around him turned into diamonds 40 meters thick.
“Gagging!”
The moment Cheon Bo-ryun was thrown into it, Hye-ga’s focus shook terribly.
‘I can’t stand it.’
When the defensive wall was tilted diagonally, Cheonbo-ryun began to climb while scratching the surface.
“Aaaaaaaaa!”
I bounced off the Cheonbo-ryun, but after a while, the huge diamond cracked with a squeak.
“this??????
Hye-ga’s eyes, looking at the crack running towards her, contained feelings of resignation.
“Hye Ga! Avoid!”
As soon as Dharma’s cry ended, Hyega’s body, which had turned into diamonds, was shattered into pieces.
“Hye Ga!”
Dharma, bloodshot in his eyes, rushed toward Yuriel, frantically extending his fists.
bang! bang! bang! bang! bang!
Just as Uriel was using the Geon of Paradise to knock out the gold fist, Yue Go attacked from the side.
‘dump!’
As the incarnation of the crusader in white armor poured out cause and effect at the same time, three swords flew from all sides.
“Tsu……”
Uriel’s displeased voice.
Hearing the ominous vibration, Hugo saw a huge judicial halo in his eyes.
‘Ragnarok.’
As white electricity wrapped around Yuriel’s body, thunder broke out.
Woooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooh!
Even Dharma, who had a strong sense of duty after Hyega’s death, stopped walking at this moment.
“Unbelievable… …
Hugo disappeared without a trace, and the ice continent was evaporating along Uriel’s movement.
‘Does it make such a difference?’ He didn’t know about the archangels, but even among the same archangels, they were armed on a different level.
‘This is Uriel.’
In terms of fighting power, the rumor that he was on par with the archangel Ikael was not an exaggeration.
Dharma asked.
“What do you want?”
“Destruction.”
Uriel pointed at the monks.
“Those who betray God will face disaster.”
“He is not our god.”
“There is only one God.”
Armed with extremely simple logic, there would be no way to convince Yuriel.
“I will fight.”
Behind Dharma, the monks refined their fighting spirit.
“Humans are really strange.”
It was a question that arose after Miro blocked the army of Heaven by creating a space-time barrier.
“Are you going to fight a fight you can’t win?”
“You don’t know… …
Dharma bent both legs.
“There are no battles in human life that can be won.”
Uriel watched as all the monks, including Dharma, rushed forward.
“is it.”
The face of Miro, who was blocking the army of Heaven, came to mind.
“Is that why you fight?”
As if to resent something, her face was distorted and shed tears.
“If so.”
The monks screamed evil.
“Wow!” As the judicial halo Ragnarok rotated, Uriel’s body moved.
“How pitiful.”
The white electricity rising from the ground penetrated the gray clouds in a radius of several tens of kilometers.
“There!”
Miro, riding on Zulu’s pet Kydra, pointed at the lightning that sprang up from the center of Antarctica.
“oh my god… …
Gangnan’s mouth gaped blankly.
I hadn’t even entered land yet, but I could clearly see the lightning reversing.
‘Looking at the size, it’s already over.’
If the army of Heaven had occupied Zion, it would have been suicidal to rush forward like this.
“Miro-san, we changed the strategy… …
“no!”
Miro cut off Gangnan’s words.
“You will be alive.”
Even if not all, if there is a chance that even one survivor exists, I cannot give up.
“I’ll speed it up.”
As Zulu’s pupils were sucked into the abyss, Kaidra groaned.
Kyaaaaaaaaaaa!
They entered Antarctica in a strong wind, but the continent was already torn to pieces.
‘Even if it’s an archangel, this kind of power is impossible.’
Miro had a hunch.
“Uriel.”
By the time they reached Zion, Zulu’s pupils, covered in sweat, went up.
“Mr. Zulu!”
The moment Gangnan helped the unconscious Zulu, Kaidra disappeared in the air.
“Keugh!”
Gangnan, who was driven to the ground by the tremendous inertia, applied the brakes while inflating his thigh muscles.
Gangnan, who had traveled more than 2 kilometers with his butt on the ice, hurriedly twisted his body.
With a click, she stopped moving and watched the spectacle of destruction in Zion.
The bodies of the monks were hung in tatters between the blood-soaked ice.
“Here you are.”
“Break! Break it!”
Arius, the sole survivor, was suffering with his chest trampled by Uriel’s foot.
“Uriel.”
“You must be a woman from heaven.”
It was surprising because I was interested in the relationship between Gaold, Miro, and Gangnan at the time.
“Did you ever make peace?”
“no. It is a temporary alliance.”
Maze walked past Gangnan.
“Humans don’t change that easily”
“Kreung! Kreurrureung!”
As Arius struggled, baring his ferocious teeth at the appearance of his master, Uriel lifted his leg.
“Kong! Kung!”
Arius immediately turned around and rubbed his cheek against Miro’s leg, and she lowered herself.
“I told you to take good care of it. what’s this?”
Arius said.
“Run away.” Despite the words spoken by humans after a long time, Miro just smiled.
“It is not an opponent that can be defeated.” He knew because Arius was the only one who had explored the inside of the labyrinth.
‘A crack in my heart.’
Her feelings for Gaold had now crossed the rift and controlled herself through a huge rift.
“are you okay.”
Gaold said:
“It’s just that the time has come to make a choice.”
Approaching Yuriel, who was only ten steps away, Miro put his life in order.
Most of the things were easy, but there were toxic questions left.
‘A crack in the heart.’
why did it look like
‘I thought he hated men like that.’
If there hadn’t been a crack in the first place, the heart wouldn’t have grown so much.
“Miro, stop.”
When I stopped walking at Kang Nan’s words, Uriel was standing in front of me before I knew it.
“I’m sorry I can’t organize it, could you give me a little more time?”
One of Kangnan’s eyebrows went up.
“organize? Now in this situation… …
“There is no need for that.”
After cutting off his words, Yuriel indifferently held up the goon of paradise.
“It will be destroyed anyway.”
Once destroyed, neither Hongmi nor her existence are meaningless.
“ha. Too bad.”
Looking up at the Gon of Paradise filled with life, Miro felt nervous for the first time in his life.
‘I just want to organize this.’ So why is there a crack
go?
“Quickly dodge, you idiot!”
As the goon of paradise spun while burning the air, Jiangnan screamed fiercely and kicked the ground.
Miro sighed.
“ha.”
In the end, you have to admit it.
“Yeah, you were right.”
Even as death approached, Miro turned toward Gaold.
“you… …
before the words of the Gangnan end.
“Gaold.”
Miro said with a bright smile.
“I like you, Sasha.”
And now.
‘hi.’
As he closed his eyes, the top of the maze fell on the crown of his head, and Gangnan felt like time was slowing down.
‘Close.’
The heart that had been shattered by the fall was being regenerated cleanly.
‘ iced coffee??????
Arius could imagine without seeing.
Such a wonderful birth.
‘Erase it.’
For Miro, it was the same pain as the rest of the world.
‘I’m sorry, Gaold.’
What a pain.
A feeling so terrible that I couldn’t come to my senses even for a moment clawed at my heart.
‘Don’t forgive me.’
When I suddenly opened my eyes, red bloody tears ran down my cheeks from Miro’s eyes.
Around the time when the Gon of Paradise, which had passed while burning the ends of Miro’s hair, came back once more.
‘Incarnation art.’
Thousands of arms started sprouting from behind Miro’s back and grabbed the Gon of Paradise.
“huh?”
When the goon of paradise stopped without even a preliminary motion, the air burst and spread in all directions.
‘You said you caught the Gond of Paradise?’
The cracks that had been engraved like incontinence in Miro’s heart were erased like wind.
Thousands Arms Guanshi Yin-all-sky projection. Tens of thousands of arms protruded from Miro’s side as he turned toward Uriel.
Miro’s eyes, which gained perfect vision, flashed, and the palms spread out to the left and right struck Yuriel in succession.
rz rz tz rz tz tz tz 3: J
The endless attacks that came through the moment shook Yuriel and struck him with one final blow.
“Big!”
Yuriel, who bounced off to the side, corrected her posture while scratching the ground.
‘Spirit… …
The asteroid floating above his head could not digest the shock and shook greatly.
“Gagging!”
When Yuriel got down on one knee and raised her head, Miro brushed her hand and approached.
“Whoa. Is it because it’s been a while?”
Tears of blood that have already dried up on my cheeks
The wrinkled Miro smiled arrogantly.
“I can’t get a good zero point.”
Time will sort it out anyway.

=============XXXXX=============

