===============================
Chapter - 1201 - Living (3).txt
===============================
living (3)
behind the world.
Yeo Ui-bong of Son Yu-jeong, who had attained enlightenment, made Lete’s body into a honeycomb.
“omg!”
It was at this point that she was about to transmit power to the ground.
‘What’s so fast?’
Just as much as Lethe was surprised by the fact that he couldn’t react, Son Yoo-jung was surprised by himself for breaking through his limits.
‘why?’
Because it’s right.
One truth that anyone can know if you sit in a room alone, close your eyes, and think.
‘This is intelligence.’
If the methodology of evil is easy and complex, the methodology of good is difficult but simple.
When that simplicity is fully accepted as life, the line becomes unshakable.
Also, this is… … .
It was a sanctuary prepared only for good, which evil could never have.
As the incarnation rose from Son Yoo-jung’s body, Lethe raised her head while regenerating one eye.
The incarnation of Jecheondaeseong, shining in golden light, filled the sky of hell.
‘Annoyingly.’
Lethe bent her legs and searched for a way out.
‘If you stay like this, you will miss Yahweh. I have to stop going to Jin Seong-eum.’
Even if it means giving up the system control branch.
‘now!’
The moment Lethe flew away like a bullet, Mortar Singer pulled her into space with Hidden Peace’s ability.
Returning to her original position, she turned around and saw Son Yu-jeong blowing steam.
Lette snorted.
“… … You will regret it.”
“I will not.”
now.
After splitting Lete in two, Yeoui hit the ground and a shock wave swept through the branch’s warehouse.
“president!”
Just as the agent was about to run away, the flames of the earth gushed out and formed a gigantic shape.
“That one?”
Devil or God?
A monster the size of a building was roaring, dripping flames.
“Insignificant creatures dare to disturb the administrator of hell!”
When the heat touches it, the agent opens the distance again.
‘Is this the Mother of Hell, Lethe?’
Lethe raised her head and gnashed her teeth.
‘Yahweh, you won’t be able to fulfill your will just by tying me up.’
At the end of the sky that I could see with my eyes, black clouds began to roll in at breakneck speed.
Perhaps all the monsters in Hell were flying towards Sirone and Lian.
“Yoojung!”
Morta Singer approached with a frightened expression, but Son Yu-jeong, looking up at Lethe, was calm.
” are you okay.”
The incarnation of Jecheon Daeseong pointed a club at Lethe, spouting golden smoke from his mouth.
“Because I can talk now.” No matter what happens right in front of your eyes… … .
“I am right.”
A flash of light containing her ideas penetrated the monster’s stomach.
Ymir Depth Level 1.
Miro held a black orb in his eyes that couldn’t be darker than this.
‘black hole.’
The light flowing along the outer edge of the sphere did not send a signal anywhere.
‘Well, if the sun symbolizes the law… …
Ultima, the limit of the mind, should be called the black sun.
Arius said.
“The fact that light cannot move means that there is no signal. In other words, the law has been completely redeemed.”
Ymir looked up at the sky.
“okay. All materials reveal their own presence in the background of this universe.”
This is the mother’s psychology, so Ymir’s language was the source information that he had from birth.
“How is it expressed?” Ymir rose from his seat.
“weight?”
It’s just a human standard.
“Hardness?”
It wasn’t a perfect definition.
“existence.”
Ymir turned to them.
“How much do you permeate your own existence in time and space? If I had to rank them, I would definitely pick the stars. but… …
As Ymir strained his body, he felt the surrounding scenery crumple.
“There are stronger ones.” perseverance of existence.
I thought that no law could stop Ymir from doing what he wanted to do.
As Ymir took a step, the light from the sky was sucked into the black hole, turning the landscape gray.
“My existence reaches beyond the cosmic veil.”
It was the outside world.
“All doubts have been answered.” Arius said.
“The black hole is a phenomenon that symbolizes the unique spirit of Ymir, which unites the minds of 10 billion people. That landscape itself is Ultima, but to be precise, the Ultima we are looking for will be at the end of the black hole.”
Singularity at infinity of density with no volume at.
“In Mong-ah’s nightmare, Ymir was defined by 10 billion pupils. Why are you afraid of it? This is because Ultima will shatter if gravity collapses even slightly. In other words, the existence of Le is already denied.” Miro said.
“Simply, if you turn away even one eye from him, you mean we can win?”
“yes. It seems that 10 billion Gaians already define Le, but also that this Mir controls 10 billion people. The number of laws that refer to each other. 2. Ymir is the unity of 10 billion and one Ultima.”
Arius turned towards the black sun.
“It’s in there, what we’re looking for.”
“Can you?”
Arius could steal if he understood the target’s mind, but Ymir’s mind was an exception.
“It doesn’t matter if you go in and die, but even then, robbery would be impossible.”
“sun.”
Miro said.
“It’s impossible if you don’t do it.”
Realizing something in her voice, Arius immediately lowered his head.
“All right.”
what to be afraid of
The spirit of the woman named Miro is a perfect work of art.
Although her blood, flesh, and even her heart were stolen by Old, Arius had no regrets about seeing her spirit at the cost of losing his eyes.
‘okay. I have to go in again.’
Like a haenyeo getting back pain on a cloudy day, Arius looked up at the black hole.
“Arius.”
Miro said.
“Come back alive.”
I knew I wasn’t the kind of person to spit out these words without saying goodbye.
Ymir did not move even as Arius, smiling, flew toward the sky.
“I will send you.”
Because his presence, which united 10 billion Gaians, will not be shaken by mere flies.
‘There is no chase.’
Arius was relieved at first, but was terrified about the problems that followed.
‘Inside me… …
What is waiting in the black hole that even pierced Ymir’s mother’s mind?
Gritting his teeth, Arius opened the door to the center of the black hole at an immeasurable distance.
“Aaaaaaa!”
Falling into the deepest place in the universe, Arius felt his mind disintegrate.
‘are you okay. It’s not the body.’
‘Cause it’s just a dream
However, I dared to assert that if I stayed like this for a few more seconds, my ego would be destroyed.
‘Hold on. I’m going to hold on.’
If Ultima’s true identity can be confirmed, the possibility of robbery is much higher.
‘Implant.’
All you have to do is plant a special shock in Ymir’s mother’s mind that longs for sensations.
In the state of being dismantled into the smallest units, Arius had an experience that destroyed common sense.
‘ iced coffee.’
In a state where the existence that makes up the self was blurred, he finally reached a singularity.
At that place… … .
‘ light.’
Being blind, paradoxically, a huge light awaited him that allowed him to see more clearly.
“Aaaaa!”
My soul screamed at the height of exaltation.
Meanwhile, Miro and the others who sent Arius away were confronting Ymir.
“okay.”
Ymir has arrived.
“You guys are probably the first to reach level 1 in depth. No, not you.”
His gaze turned to Gaold, who was sitting on Miro’s back.
“Hey, what is it? Did you just lose consciousness that much?”
The group faced reality.
Gaold had broken through the realm of numbness and opened the first level of depth, but from Ymir’s point of view, he hadn’t even started yet.
“joy.”
Miro, who had put Gaold on the ground, moved towards this Mir.
“I pretend to be proud, but not being able to feel pain is not bragging. You’re just strong since you were born. But autumn is different. You came all the way here in a human body.”
After thinking for a moment, Ymir asked.
“What difference does it make? After all, strong is strong, right?”
“So I will teach you.” When the incarnation of Thousand Arms Guanshi Yin was born, Lou Ver and Mong-a took Sirone and went out of the radius.
“We protect Oh Dae-seong.”
“yes.”
It was only natural that Sirone was the one who needed Ultima.
As Kang-Nan and Se-In posed behind the maze, Ymir raised one eyebrow.
“Only you guys?”
The polar line, the wolf of the south, the best mental magician of the black line｝.
But Gaold was the only one who gave Ymir a sense of life.
“Pick it up.”
As Ymir’s fist shot upward, the gas of aspiration that filled the atmosphere exploded, releasing a light as powerful as the sun.
Literally, with one gesture from Ymir
It was the situation in which the sun was born.
“Wait, until he wakes up. I feel like I’ll just throw away my appetite while dealing with you guys.”
Sein had no choice but to admit it.
‘This is Ymir’s spiritual world. Here, his ego is like a god.’
The fall that penetrated Ymir’s mind was rather out of common sense.
Ymir sat down and rested his chin.
“What are you doing? Everyone sit down. There’s nothing to do anyway. You won’t even be able to fight, are you going to just have a snow fight?” It was a good proposal for the party, but the feeling of accepting it was different.
‘damn! I’m looking at you funny.’
Miro looked back and asked.
“How about Gaold?”
Kang Nan, who looked at the situation, shook his head.
“I don’t think I will wake up right away.”
“okay?”
Miro nodded and walked towards Ymir.
“I’m glad.”
“huh?”
The moment Ymir’s eyebrows twitched while resting on his chin, the incarnation of the Thousand Arms Guanyin opened his arms.
Time was compressed to infinity, and Ymir, who sensed danger, jumped to his feet.
Considering that Gangnan’s eyelids were not even moving, it was a tremendous speed, but… … .
‘Bastard.’
The maze was faster.
The world shook as the Thousand Arms Guanshi Yin’s jangbeop pounded Ymir from side to side.
‘Eat this.’
Lastly, Ymir, who was hit on the right side, bounced away from the ground.
Kang Nan and Sein’s mouths opened.
‘I was shocked.’
When I raised my head, I saw the face of Thousand-Handed Guanyin, frowning like a goblin.
“anger??????
Just when he was thinking about whether it was possible for Geukseon, Miro moved to Ymir.
“Listen smart. If you make Gaold’s eyes shed bloody tears one more time… …
Ack”
She spat as Ymir, who offset the shock, blinked between her arms.
“Then it’s a polar line, and I’m going to tear you apart.”
‘ I see.’
Sein understood.
‘The labyrinth is not Yahweh. Not even someone’s death can disturb her perfect spirit.’
But Gaold is different.
If you are given something that transcends death, Miro has no choice but to respond to it.
And the intensity of that anger… … .
“Come on. You should be more fit.”
The lid of her head was completely open.

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 1202 - Living (4).txt
===============================
living (4)
behind the world.
Si Lone and Lian, who were running to save Jin Seong-eum, looked back at the hot wind blowing from behind.
“That’s amazing.”
A huge haze shimmered above the horizon where the chemical company’s system control branch was located.
“As long as Son Yoo-jung has attained enlightenment, Le Te will not be easy either. We need to keep as much distance as possible between them.”
Lian had the same idea, but seeing the demons infested in front, it didn’t seem easy.
‘It keeps getting stronger. Is this okay?’
Even if you saved the true voice, if the psychic realm was opened, all the demons in hell would come out to reality.
“Let’s do what we can.”
After reading Lian’s thoughts, Sirone spoke.
“Because I’m fed up with someone embracing everything and sacrificing it now.” Ryan was lost in thought.
‘Sirone, I’m not good in the head. So I can’t explain it exactly, but there is a contradiction in your words.’
It is because it is Sirone who tries to sacrifice even the true voice.
‘If you’re thinking of ending it with one… …
Lian rushed.
‘I won’t let you do that!’
As he clenched his teeth and swung the sword, there was a roar that made his heart stop, and the flesh of the demon raced around.
“Stop! Don’t let me go forward!”
The demons made themselves meat shields.
Feeling puzzled, Sirone saw the black clouds that began to cover the sky and felt it.
‘Black Victory. They’re not going to let go easily.’
The first number could be estimated only by the size of the area, and counting the second digits was meaningless.
“Lian!”
At the same time as warning, Miracle Stream was activated.
– Arrest the guilty.
The moment the light exploded from Sirone’s body, an unrealistic black cloud descended and covered the ground.
“mom. mom.”
When Etella came to her senses, a landscape she had never seen before was unfolding.
There was a long tunnel like an intestine, and a rotten liquid was collected here and there in the corners.
I felt a burning pain in my ear.
“mom. mom.”
The fetus, whose face had half melted, was biting her ear.
Ethella lowered her head and saw numerous fetuses clinging to her body.
“Why did you abandon me?”
The voices echoing in the tunnel couldn’t be identified as belonging to anyone, but in reality it didn’t matter.
“sorry.”
All the lives in this tunnel were her children, and she had already made up her mind.
“let’s go. Follow me.”
Perhaps this is the system’s process of dealing with karma, and what awaits at the end is eternal annihilation.
‘ are you okay.’
It is she who cleanses all limbo
was right, but the only thing that bothered me was…….
‘Chagall.’
The Taegeuk chain has not disappeared yet.
‘I believe I could have been a good person.’
However, too many lives had already died at his hands to bring back.
‘It’s also a step for you. I don’t know how long this journey will be… …
May he also find rest.
Every time Etella went through the tunnel, countless limbos clung to her body.
As the terrible pain passed through Taegeuk’s chain.
“Aaaaaaa!”
Chagall clutched his body and rolled on the floor.
‘ sick.’
It was the pain Ethella felt.
“Damn it!”
Chagall, who rose to his feet in convulsions, sprinted through the corridor again.
‘wait! Just show it to my eyes!’
When the door to the engine room was opened, the flesh brain was floating between the huge cliffs.
“ha! ha!” After confirming that the chains that had escaped from his chest had gone into the center of his brain, he leaped off the cliff, pouring out his rapid-fire sword.
“come out!”
When the dagger was stabbed, the fetus with swollen eyelids could not even open its eyes and opened its mouth.
“Come out!”
As if throwing garbage, Chagall threw the fetus stuck in a dagger down the cliff and swung his arms.
Even as the flesh brain disintegrated, the heart was beating nervously.
‘where are you? Where is it!’
The dagger stuck in the inner wall pierced the opposite wall without much resistance.
With a half-distraught expression, Chagall looked back the way he had come.
‘ doesn’t exist.’
The physical brain that can be seen is just hardware, and Etella has already disappeared into the entire system of the Underworld.
“Why not!”
Chagall, who had been hacking his brain like crazy, flinched at the moment and fell to his knees again.
“Aaaaaaa!”
Through the Taegeuk chain, Etella’s feelings of despair were conveyed.
-The remaining purification time is 87 years, 2,875 circumferences, 3,241 trillion, 120,310,09 hours. I didn’t even ask for a message I didn’t want to hear, but I heard it.
‘Why, why are you doing such a foolish thing? you can talk! All you have to do is threaten to do this, do this! why… … !’ I knew the truth.
The time that has passed, how much Etela has sacrificed.
“ah! ah! ah! ah!”
Seized with self-loathing, Chagall took a dagger and stabbed him in the thigh.
‘I want to destroy the existence of the country.’ No, I want to grind it on a machine.
“die! die!”
In the fate of not being able to die until Karma is purified, Chagall stabbed knives all over his body.
“I mean die!”
Even if blood spurted like a fountain from the shell of the rapid-fire sword, the ego only became clearer.
Suddenly, I had this thought.
It’s not that I can’t die, it’s because I don’t want to die.
“Huh”
I wondered if Etella would dry me up like before if I hurt myself by cutting my body apart.
“Why are you doing this to me… …
According to Taegeuk’s karma, Chagall’s pain also rode a chain and hit Etella’s heart directly.
“mom. mom.”
Unable to suckle, the fetuses that ate their bodies like hungry ghosts were now swollen enough to fill the tunnel.
“??????let’s go.”
Ethella walked in tears.
“I will save you guys.”
Chagall shouted.
“F*ck them all!”
Chagall, who pulled out the blade from his body, came out of the hole in his brain.
“You want to get revenge like that? Do you think I’ll go easy? No, I’ll chase you! I… … I will surely find you… … !”
I’ll drag you back to hell
‘I will make you stay by my side for the rest of my life!’ Taking a deep breath, Chagall activated the nostalgia of the incident.
‘It doesn’t smell.’
If ethera became a process, it meant that it had disappeared from the other world or existed in all spaces.
‘I can find it.’
Chagall’s sense of smell became acute without knowing the end, and he finally sensed a specific position in the process.
At the same time, the Taegeuk chain stood up stiffly and stretched out to an unknown end.
“Goes.”
Chagall, who threw himself even while bleeding profusely, followed the chain and pierced the wall.
‘I’m going to kill you. As soon as we meet, I will slap you on the cheek. I’ll tease you slowly Until you scream!’
The most terrifying thoughts about Etella filled my head.
-Remaining purification time… … .
His pain was still converted into karma.
The 12 apostles who participated in the tribal battle pushed Uriel from all sides.
As the golden dragon Metyra blocked Uriel’s goon of paradise, the poison dragon Poine rotated and burrowed into her bosom.
With her back kick, the gigantic archangel broke trees and flew away.
When Uriel, who had been pushed away after breaking a rock, calmly regained his balance, Poine smiled.
“I guess times have changed. Daecheon Apostle is out of fashion now.”
Of course, it was a mere provocation, as it was different from the truth.
Thunder Dragon Blitz surveyed the battlefield.
‘Even though we came, the battle between elves and fairies is close. It should be said that Yuriel’s influence is that great.’
Although the 12 apostles have each reached the pinnacle of different attributes, the dragon’s true power comes out when it transforms into its main body.
‘The biggest thing is that I can’t use the breath.’
If all the 12 apostles fight as a main body, no matter how wide the water is, it will be reduced to ruin.
Blitz recalled the order received from the Messiah.
‘What’s more important than winning the war is protecting the elves and the fire tribe from the verge of extinction.’
When they become extinct, the variables that can change the future of Apocalypse completely disappear.
‘We’ve lost a fair number of elves even now. no more. I have to keep it here.’
In the eyes of the 12 apostles, a heroic resolution stood.
Meanwhile, 3 kilometers away from the Green Ocean, there was a temporary barracks for the fairies.
“Crown.”
The Fairy’s executives dragged the two elves into the laboratory with them tied up.
“Let go! What are you thinking about us!”
When a pair of male and female elves entered, Crown turned around.
“Hoo?”
“You’d better kill me! I will bend to torture… … !”
The elf, who had been shouting out loud, screamed the moment he saw the scenery in the room.
Crown put a finger to his mouth.
“pee. Aren’t the kids surprised?”
“you… … What are you doing?”
Creatures inhabiting the Green Ocean were hung on the walls, and all of them had their heads open, exposing their brains.
“huh? What are you doing? just a little… … I looked.”
Crown sat down on a chair at the table.
“Don’t stay like that, come and sit down. From now on, we have to have an in-depth conversation about the future of life.”
Two elves knelt under the table, guided by the fairy’s power.
“The future of life? this is killing It means killing lives!”
Crown was calm.
“Originally, elves were fairies.” “They were limbs like us, so they obeyed me. Then they combined with humans and became the current species.”
“What do you want to say?”
“No, it’s a bit strange. Reproduction is impossible unless it is accompanied by a mechanical mechanism.”
“Don’t think of us the same as other animals. Elves are a race born out of pure love.”
“I know. You say Agape? Virgin conception, the creation of life without mechanical mechanisms, was originally the privilege of Kariel, who is among the great angels. I’ve been thinking What is it? How can I be like that too?”
At the end of the silence, the words continued.
“I didn’t know.”
Seeing Crown’s eye smile, the elves became uneasy.
“In my opinion, the concept of life before living things. There seems to be a special inertia that is invisible to the naked eye. Otherwise, such a tragic mechanism of creating posterity and annihilating itself cannot be explained.”
He saw the key to a special inertia as agape.
“Free us.”
The elf tightened his eyes and said, but with an honest heart, he wanted to kill him.
The crown flew over the table.
“I deny the mechanism.”
Then he went up to the bear hanging on the wall and put his little hand into his huge brain.
The bear rolled its eyes and twitched.
“If I transplant my brain into this beast, I become a creature called a bear. It will breed into numerous bears. Then, when it ages, you can switch to another creature. Whether tiger or eagle, the human crown smiled madly.
“Elf or not.”
“Aaaaa! Aaaaa!”
While tied up, the two elves sobbed.
“Enox. If I board the body of the head of the elves, I won’t need agape. But before that, we need quite a bit of data.” Crown turned to the elves.
“You guys will be the first step in my experiment.”
It was also the first step of Fairy Biomimetics, which dominated the future of Apocalypse.

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 1203 - Mind and Error(1).txt
===============================
mind and error (1)
Syrone, who took control of the Johann Cartel in Corcoras in Melkidu, contacted the dark organization under the guidance of the leader Aria.
When a ship suddenly appeared in a place where all compartments were separated, the party was inevitably surprised.
‘It’s a system.’
The fact that the buyout program is one of the standard ways to get to the core is a little more bolstered.
Of course, the process of welcoming this vessel was not smooth.
Desperado and Red Union gangs attacked them, but any weapon was useless in front of Sirone’s force.
At the armistice talks, the heads of each organization accepted Sirone’s proposal.
“You are leaving?”
Unless Sirone was going to take control of Corcoras, it was best to give them what they wanted and send them away quickly.
“Okay, let’s yield this time. But if you set foot here again, either you or I will disappear.”
Of course, it would be the gang that disappeared, but their militancy was also proven through the Johann Cartel.
“This way.”
The ship was loaded with firearms that could not be obtained in reality.
“120 million points.”
When the captain suggested it, Arya readily agreed.
Sirone saw that if she put her mind to it, she could collect 10 billion points into the core.
‘The reason Arya is protecting Corcoras is probably for the sake of the Johann Cartel in reality. To make it easier for real criminals to hide here.’
Even if you don’t make a case
All he had to do was hide in Corcoras.
‘Evil permeates everywhere.’ For Sirone, who was on a mission to save humanity, it was something that could not be overlooked.
“Move.”
As the gang began moving their weapons at Aria’s direction, the captain pointed at Sirone and the others.
“What is that pyramid? It’s a face I haven’t seen before.”
Arya said reluctantly.
“I know the buyout program. He said he wanted to meet you.”
“Hoo?”
Even if you got a hint from the inside track, you need the approval of the 3 gangs to make contact with the dark organization.
“Awesome. Are there enough points?” After all, the captain is also the manager. I couldn’t shake it with anything other than points and dice.
“yes. A friend is imprisoned in a prison in Parme, the capital. They say that if you meet that person, you will be able to do it.”
The captain lit the smoking pipe.
“… … I can give you a kite. But Parmerani is a bit like that. The captain of the guard there is no ordinary bet.”
When Sirone was silent, the captain pointed to the cargo hold.
“I can’t get in normally. There are many empty boxes, so hide there. The cost of stowaway is 10 million points.”
’10 million?’
It was much more expensive than items entering the royal road.
If it were another user, he would be willing to pay as there was no need to ‘convince’, but Sirone had no particular merit.
‘Mr. Curtis said at least fifty million. He didn’t research the buyout program perfectly, so I figured there would be an extra cost, but I might run out of points if I kept going like this.’
The amount currently owned by Sirone and the others was about 100 million points, twice the minimum required.
“It is quite expensive.”
As Sirone said that and turned her head away, Aria sighed and said.
“I will pay.”
When the points were deducted, the captain said as he went up to the navigation room.
“As soon as we unload, we will leave. It’s in a box now. It has to be sealed.”
Before going to the cargo hold, Sirone looked back at Aria.
“thank you.”
“joy! I’m telling you not to come back a second time. With this, my work is done.”
He told me not to come back even if things went wrong later.
‘This is enough to stop it cheaply.’
Thanks to that, I was able to give 10 million points because I was easily supplied with supplies worth 120 million.
“See you next time.”
At Sirone’s greeting, Aria, who was getting off the boat, bit her teeth.
‘A child like a dog. I thought you were a hogu, but you were just a jerk.’
It was the play she hated the most.
When Sirone and the others hid themselves in the box, the sailors closed the lid and nailed it.
“We leave in 10 minutes.”
When the sailors left, Pena made a voice.
“stuffy. Do you really have to do this? It’s enough for the king to go to Ipseong.”
Iruki said.
“This could be some kind of buyout program. Anyway, to meet the dark organization, the captain must be by his side.”
I heard a buzzer and felt the boat bouncing in the waves for a moment.
The next moment, a colorful light began to race in front of Sirone’s eyes.
‘Moving space.’
When the light disappeared, Sirone knew that he had reached his destination and asked the others.
“Has everyone lived?”
“uh. But does it have to stay like this? Can’t we break it down and leave?”
“I don’t know. But since you said stowaway… …
Then the door opened and the workers started unloading.
“Be quiet. If you get caught, it’s the end.” Unlike in Corcoras, the sailors’ voices were clearly tense.
The workers unloaded all the cargo and moved the box that Sirone and the others had hidden on a cart to a remote location in the port. The man who pulled out the nail knocked on the box twice.
“tomorrow morning.”
Leaving behind a password, Sirone and the others slowly opened the lid.
Nade grumbled.
“Oh, I’m going to die. Did you put any fish in it?”
While each of them talked about their short trip, only Pena was silent.
“What’s wrong?”
“here… … Is it Parme?”
Excluding Rookie, the capital was the most visited place by players circling Melkidu, and she also stayed often for various reasons, but the port was the first time.
“No, I didn’t even know there was a port. I’ve never heard of it from other players. Are we really on the right track?”
“maybe.”
Sirone came out of the box and said.
“It must be an area that can only be reached by stowaway. In other words, this is the manager’s world. So how far have you been from Parme, Mr. Pena?”
“All. I know the geography of the capital quickly.”
Thinking of something, she turned to Sirone.
“Every space in Melkidoo is blocked by a compartment. know? invisible wall. But only one place is different. It’s the royal castle wall. I thought it was just a background… …
“It means there might be a port behind the castle.”
Sirone looked around. Darkness was thick over the sea, and the lights on several anchored ships were on.
“This must be the middle layer of the system.” Sirone concluded.
“All kinds of supplies needed for Melkidu are moving through this middle layer. If you think so, it seems that you can go to any khan through smuggling.”
Iruki said.
“Hmm, after all, the outer track and the inner track are not separate spaces. The government building in the village, the space inside the door was the inner track. Wouldn’t it be a layer of authority rather than a space?”
Eden said.
“If Mr. Curtis had been locked up in a prison in a city other than the royal castle, we would have arrived inside the government office too. It might be the manager’s quarters or a warehouse where items are stored.”
said Nade.
“Isn’t that really dangerous? Besides, this is the capital with the largest supply of goods. Items can be stolen, and there will be many high-ranking officials.” Sirone said.
“okay. We committed another crime in Melkidu, where any crime is innocent.”
“The moment it takes, it will be over.”
It wasn’t going to end like being put in jail.
Nade’s smile was convex.
“But you have some time until morning, right?”
“No, what… …
While Pena made a blank expression, Iruki smiled.
“It wouldn’t hurt to take a look. There will be items that have not been released yet, or items that have been discarded due to censorship. How are you, Sirone?”
≪Uh 99
‘Sister three
It seemed like it would cost more crime points than expected, so it seemed worth the risk, but in fact, I was more curious about looking at the middle layer of the system.
“good. Let’s do it until morning.”
As the three of them left, Pena was terrified.
“Hey, are you really going to do it? And what if you get caught?”
“It is useless. Because I was famous since my school days.”
Eden followed and shook his head.
“Once plugged in, it’s over.” Five stowaways disappeared into the darkness of the harbor.
Time in a dream is determined by the quality and quantity of information, and in the battle between Miro and Ymir, Sirone also accepted the huge data from the Dream.
“Suck!”
Armand, who went into the river to save Yorahhan, swam with all his might.
Sosegae Changyu fixed Yorahhan’s location
It was clearly informed, but it was already quite far away due to the strong current.
‘Humans can’t hold their breath for a long time.’
In addition, the impact of falling into the water would have consumed most of the oxygen, so time was running out.
‘Kang, give him to me.’
The center of the river flowed backwards, and Jorahhan’s body was embraced by Armand.
She quickly climbed up and pulled Jorahhan out, letting out a breath.
“Huh!”
The moment he was connected to the small world, Armand frowned at the pain of apnea.
‘I’m dying.’ Recalling the words he hadn’t told him yet, Armand tried artificial respiration.
It was rather fortunate that Yorahhan lost consciousness because she was much more comfortable assimilating with inanimate objects.
The lungs pumped involuntarily and spewed out large amounts of water.
And the moment we kissed again.
“Ouch! Kuck!”
Yorahhan coughed and moved his upper body.
“ah?… ”
I saw Armand’s face in my vision, which gradually became clearer.
‘ pretty.’
There was a clicking sound from my forehead, and stars flashed in front of my eyes.
“ouch! Why do you hit me!”
As he shouted, unable to stand up, Armand gave strength to his eyes.
“Anyway, humans! You saved me from dying, so that’s all you think about doing it for the first time?”
“No, what… …
What do you mean when you feel that way?
“Anyway, if you live, get up quickly. I have to go back before it gets dark.”
I wasn’t particularly afraid of the dark, but I had an instinctive feeling that I shouldn’t spend the night with Jo Ra-han.
“Ugh!”
Jorahhan, who was halfway up, fell down again.
“sorry. It’s too much right now I don’t even have the strength to stand up.”
Armand, guessing Jorahhan’s condition, let out a sigh of resignation.
It must have felt like being beaten with a hammer because he had turned his internal organs in an unconscious state.
“Ha ha, really.”
Two hours later, a bonfire was burning by the river where the sun had completely set.
Jorahhan trimmed the fish Armand had caught and put it on a tree branch.
“Okay, that’s it.”
As the wet clothes were being dried, Armand was sitting in the corner covered with a blanket.
“I hate fire.”
If it was a fire family, it was natural.
‘Well, even though he was carnivorous, he ate raw food.’
On the other hand, since Yorahan was a human, there was no reason to refuse to grill fish.
“Come a little closer. You should warm up.”
When Armand gave him a suspicious glance, Yorahan was terrified.
“No, I’m afraid I’ll catch a cold. sorry.” It was a short moment, but they shared each other’s hearts through the creation of a small world.
‘I’m going crazy because it’s awkward.’
It is impossible to deny that it is not as long as it is revealed.
The only thing he could look at was the fish being browned.
“huh?”
When I looked up at the sound of footsteps, Armand was walking holding on to the blanket.
“It will be delicious. let’s eat.” The moment he saw her reflection in her bonfire, Yora Han realized.
‘This is the person.’
Flowers were also blooming in his heart.

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 1204 - Mind and Error(2).txt
===============================
mind and error (2)
“Hmm.”
When Armand made a suspicious expression, Yo Rahan hurriedly turned his head.
“Okay, let’s eat. I have to eat.”
It was an unknown fish.
Of course, it is a familiar species to the Fire Tribe, but Armand did not dare to name it.
Perhaps she is feeling the magic of taste that fire brings, but she never appreciated it.
After the simple meal, the two stared blankly at the campfire.
“What do you want to do?”
Armand asked.
“You said you wanted to change the world. Do you intend to fight by reforming the Hua people?”
“Fighting… …
Johann rested his chin on his knee again.
“I don’t think violence can change anything. Many thinkers try to find peace through war. In some sense, it will be correct. But in the end, it only applies to your kingdom, your city, and your family. Taken as a whole, their logic is no different from saying that half is saved by sacrificing half.”
“How is that?”
Now that he trusts Yorahhan, he spat out the words he had stored in Armando.
“That’s how you live. How are we different now? You have to kill something else to eat it.”
Johann asked.
“Do you want to fight?”
“The Hwajok suffered a lot of persecution. Humans treated us as cattle simply because we were passive. To be honest… … I might be more angry with the non-human Fire Tribe. A power that can’t protect anything is just too insignificant.”
“it is not so.”
When Armand raised his head, Jorahhan’s eyes were filled with confidence.
“It is a blessing to be able to share each other’s hearts. I think the future of human beings depends on the Hwajok. That’s why I stayed in the village.”
Really?
While Armand was lost in thought, Jorah Han continued.
“You can’t change anything with the logic of power. Humans are just afraid. He’s afraid he’ll be eaten by someone stronger. When we understand each other like the Hwajok, fear will disappear and true peace will come. It is you who are strong.”
Armand smiled.
“Yes, you may be right.” Their gazes crossed for a moment, and Yo Rahan mustered up the courage to open his mouth.
“excuse me… …
“but.”
At the sudden addition, Yorahhan heard a tinge.
“Ouch! Kuck!”
Whether he knew his heart or not, Armand said with strained eyes.
“Even so, I can’t be beaten like this. You don’t know, but the Hwajok were really severely persecuted by humans. If you knew what happened, you wouldn’t be able to forgive them either.”
“… … Yeah, I don’t know.” suffering of others.
“But we will start there. To create a world where fire people and humans can live together.”
As soon as the bonfire became weak, Jo Ra-han said with a relieved expression.
“Let’s go to sleep. Because I have to leave early tomorrow morning. the townsfolk worry
going to be.”
Jorah Han, who entered the cliff to avoid the water’s edge, spread a blanket to avoid Armand’s seat.
I was tired of the thick pebbles, but the excitement I felt today made the bed feel like a cloud.
‘I should have brought my notes. I’ll write it right after I get home tomorrow.’
In order not to forget what I realized, I could feel the presence of that time when I was repeating the words in my head.
“……why?”
As the startled Yorahhan tried to stand up, Armand pressed his chest.
“I know, your heart.” Her mouth didn’t open, only her heart beat wildly.
“I will show you my heart this time.”
Still, Yorahan was silent, but I could tell from his heartbeat.
‘Small world creation.’
As their hearts reunited, Jorahhan felt a thrill.
“iced coffee.”
Perhaps the reason he was born was not only for this moment.
It was a feeling that could not be expressed even with the word love, and even if it disappeared forever like this, there would be no regrets.
“Let’s become one.”
Since they had already shared everything, there was no need for pretense, and the two achieved a unity that transcended concepts.
‘A mind bigger than the universe.’
The realization of that moment is the key to helping Yorahhan reach the realm of god later.
It was mental data.
Artists from each country were in the middle of final rehearsals for the performance at 10:00 p.m.
El Qiana and Maya, who adorned the finale song, finished the song with a good harmony.
El Qiana was also a pro, although she lost the climactic part to Maya.
Panier said.
“Once you pass.”
Knowing how strict a producer he is, the musicians were relieved.
Reina of the Ogent family, who was in charge of playing the piano, also knelt down on the keyboard.
‘It’s hell, hell.’
Panier added.
“Of course, it means passing in the judgment that the main performance will be better than the rehearsal. Don’t relax.”
“yes.”
Reina hurriedly stood up and answered.
“excuse me.”
When the door opened and someone came in, Ye-in put on a look of disbelief.
Maya and Cayden spoke simultaneously.
“Fermi?”
Since he was now the king of Kesia Kingdom, Panier hurriedly approached him.
“His Highness the King.”
“Sorry, no message.”
Actually it was.
If the king of a country was able to move, he should have already been contacted through an aide.
“What’s going on here… …
“I like to hear the sound of music on the way. Can I take a tour for a while?”
Fermi put it like that.
‘Cell Buster is unstoppable.’
At least not yet.
In the last updated Apocalypse information, humanity is still facing destruction.
‘Maya and Kayden and…
There were as many as three people in the performance room who would be hints of that huge disaster.
“long time no see. How are you?”
As Fermi raised her hand and approached, Maya hurriedly lowered her head and replied.
“Yes, Your Highness.”
“Take it easy, classmates. By the way, how is the fort? In case someone comes to me… …
Cayden blocked the way.
“What’s your business with Maya? tell me.”
Having once been involved in the ring of gold, I knew that Fermi would not approach me without a specific reason.
‘And for the most part… … for your own benefit.
Fermi, who alternately looked at Cayden and Maya, laughed.
“Are you Maya’s manager now? You’ve improved a lot though. You will be the most successful fan.”
“Just say what you have to say and go.”
“I want to be alone with Maya. If you accept my offer, you will become even more famous.”
As there was an incident of Arachne’s reception, the entertainers reacted sensitively to the sponsor.
“How are you, Maya? Is the time okay?”
“Uh, that… …
When Maya noticed Panier, Fermi spoke up to face reality.
“Consider my face too. He is the king of a country participating in the Holy War, but he cannot be rejected.”
In that moment, everyone realized.
‘Yes, even if it is a foreign country, he is the king of one country. If I refuse here, I will lose my life.’
Caden bit his lip.
‘It’s still mean. But I can’t go out now. If I stop here… …
I don’t know what Maya’s life will be like.
Despite that promise, the moment Fermi approached Maya, his right hand moved of its own accord.
‘damn! no!’
Seeing the fist flying at the king’s chin, the entertainers’ faces turned pale.
“Oops! danger.”
However, as if he had already expected it, Fermi lightly flipped his upper body to avoid the attack.
Only then did Cayden grab hold of his right hand.
“I, I… …
Fermi’s eyes cooled for a moment as he watched him bewildered.
‘This is a prison break.’
Even with Maya’s career at stake, Caden’s right hand is out of control.
‘This should be enough for now.’
Fermi smiled and stepped back.
“It’s a joke, a joke. So, be sensitive. With celebrities hugging each other’s shoulders.”
And I looked back at Maya.
“Sorry to startle you. I’m your fan too I will be looking forward to the finale performance.”
Maya, terrified of receiving a sponsorship offer, was still not relieved.
“Didn’t you have something to say?”
“Because it’s a joke. Who is touching you?”
I wanted to say that Sirone would not stay still, but Caden noticed.
Turning around, Fermi erased his smile as if he had never done that before and headed to Panier.
“Can we talk?”
“?????Yes, Your Highness.” After giving the entertainers some free time, Panier took Fermi into the room.
“Shall we bring some tea?”
Since it had been a long time since he had treated a high-ranking person, Panier awkwardly walked around.
“it’s okay. Have a seat.”
Then I heard Maya singing.
“The part has changed. El Qiana must be disappointed.”
Panier’s eyes narrowed as it was information that could not be known without investigation.
‘It’s not an ordinary bet either. He was said to have been the real power of Kessia Kingdom even before he became king.’
Fermi asked.
“Is it a skill problem, or some other reason?”
If Maya is the keyword for the future, it is necessary to know as much as possible about the changes that have occurred to her.
‘Because the result is the sum of all the causes.’ Panier said.
“As a producer, I value a lot of Yein. But what I feel in my life is that there is no perfect standard for evaluating a person.”
“Hoo.”
“Human beings are not good at taking care of themselves. Me too. When I evaluate someone, I tend to look at how well they did their best.” “Of course, it is not an exact standard, especially in the art world. But when I came this far, I thought… …
Panier was bitter.
“Still, that was closest to the truth.”
truth.
The spotlight of the performance will be on Maya.
‘Maybe this could be the decisive hint of the cell buster. But it still didn’t fit.
“First of all, I’m sorry I came to you without contacting you. Because it’s something you have to listen to yourself.”
Information about future events could not be shared with anyone.
“Yes, please.”
“Do you know a man named Robe Ranstin’?”
“yes?”
It was an unexpected question.
“Your Highness, how do you know Ranstin?”
why don’t you know
Madou 7 Girls’ Kitaru Man was not a celebrity, but a celebrity among wizards.
“I do not know them directly. I heard that you were at Mr. Panier’s company, but are you still able to contact me?”
“okay.”
It’s been quite a while now, but Robe Ranstin was still a name I couldn’t forget.
“It’s a big part of my life. But now we don’t know the news. Dead or alive.”
“In conclusion, I am alive.”
Is it like that?
‘Yes, were you alive? I still can’t let go of that road, I live like that
Are you there?’
Panier asked.
“Your Highness, what kind of person do you think an artist is?”
“well.”
It was not a question for an outsider to answer.
“Is there really any justice? It’s all the same job. Nothing special, nothing great. What I want to say is, no matter how good I am, I’m not going to call myself an artist anywhere. They say he’s a musician. Someone who makes money from music.” Sensing a subtle difference, Fermi asked.
“Then what kind of person is an artist?”
“It is life.”
Panier said.
“People whose life itself is an art. No matter what the world says, live as you want. Of course, sometimes great artists come out, but nine out of ten they will be the perfect place to dine on the street.”
Panier’s eyes turned vague.
“Robe Lanstin… … He lived a life closer to art than anyone I knew.”

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 1205 - Mind and Error(3).txt
===============================
Mind and Error (3)
Fermi had a feeling about Kitaruman, but he did not create an image hastily.
“I heard you lost your daughter.”
“It was stupid. He really loved his daughter. There was no malice. just… … You don’t know. He doesn’t know what to do because he’s never lived the world properly.”
Panier sighed.
“After that, my wife also ran away with Ranstin’s friend of 10 years. So what are you crazy about? Most guys like Ranstin are like that. I always live by looking at my hands. Because of that petty artistic spirit. You can’t blame your shrewd friend, but honestly, is that what people do? Well, maybe it was because he was a person? He was a friend who had a sense of entitlement to Lanstin without knowing what it was. He wasn’t particularly fond of him.”
Unlike Maya, Far Nier did not hide his feelings.
“On the contrary, Ranstin seemed to like it.” Paniere, who was silent for a moment, took out a cigarette and looked at her.
“If it’s okay… …
“yes. Give me one too.”
Panier, lighting a cigarette, seemed more comfortable than before.
“There was a time when I was screaming that I was an artist. It doesn’t mean flashy or successful. Popularity or fame, those are just illusions of show business.”
Recalling that time, he raised an eyebrow.
“It was a day’s work to lock myself in a small room, drink cheap alcohol, and write music on music paper. I will try to make a masterpiece that transcends the times, hehe. I was free though. People say what can you do without money, but it’s the opposite. I have nothing, so my soul is free. You do what you want to do. At that time, a lot of really weird songs were poured out. Of course no one listens. But yes too… … How to say.”
Cigarette smoke billowed toward the ceiling.
“I would say it was the most me-like life.”
“Do you hate it now?”
“Of course, it’s a good life now. Didn’t you see that my laura artists couldn’t move on me?” Panier had a bitter expression on his face.
“But the result is good, and the cause
It didn’t make sense. This is what I started to live my life through art. I wanted to surprise the world. But it’s not easy. I’m divorced now, but I’ve been working for over 10 years to take care of my two children. When Lan Steen did art, I did work.”
he spread his arms
“Who is better? Of course I do. I worked hard to protect my family. However, it is an undeniable fact that I could not have been more courageous and compromised with life.”
Panier does not call himself an artist.
“… … I wish it went well. Even if you compromised a little bit, if you mixed a little lie with the truth, people would have clapped. But he didn’t. He would beg for money, but never beg for applause.”
“okay.”
Fermi was lost in thought.
‘Kayden’s jailbreak, Maya’s best, and Kitaru Man… …
No compromise.
The picture of the future was being completed. Panier asked.
“By the way, what does he do for a living these days? I don’t think I’ve ever released an album.” I couldn’t tell you that the guitar man of the world’s 100 most dangerous people was Ranstin.
“I don’t know either. That’s why I found Panier. Can you guess where it is?”
“well. There may be a few. Because there is such a thing as an inspirational place. Anyway, if you’re still holding the guitar… …
Panier asked for a cigarette again.
“Wherever you are, you will be living artistically.”
I don’t know the name of the city.
After leaving his hometown, every place was an unfamiliar world to Kitaru Man.
In an unknown inn room, he heard the sound of a man and a woman breathing through the wall.
One of them was the voice of Tyra Lynn, the exclusive singer of Guitaroo Man.
The world’s 100 most dangerous people did not engage in prostitution because they had no money for lodging.
There’s just no reason not to do it.
‘As you please.’
As if trying to prove with his whole body that he does not belong to the world.
Meanwhile, Rin was a bit annoyed.
“Cheap quickly.”
Although she has a baby-faced face and a small body, she is actually close to 30 years of age.
The man who performed the gig asked.
“Are you okay? Do you belong here?”
“no.”
Rin said as she buttoned up her jacket.
“There is no such thing. After tomorrow’s performance, this city will open too. So don’t ask anything.”
“show? what show?”
She handed me a ticket with the time and place written on it.
“Come if you want to come.” Deep in thought with a blank expression, he asked again as he packed the ticket under his clothes.
“Were you a singer? But why are you doing this… … . No, is it okay for me to go?”
Lin laughed.
“It comes and goes, you are free. I just sing there.”
After taking the flower bed, she went out the door and went into the next room without saying goodbye.
“I’m back.”
Kitaruman, Rob Lanstin didn’t ask anything.
“I wrote a new song.”
Lyn, who had placed the flower stand on the table, sat down on the bed and flipped through the sheet music in turn.
“It’s fine.”
Guitarrumman played the instrument again.
There was no conversation for 4 years due to differences in musical views, but even after reconciliation, they did not talk much.
Even if the emotional illness hadn’t broken out, Kitaruman would still have kept his mouth shut.
‘Outer bone marrow. sick.’
Robert Lansteen was more artistically stubborn than anyone Lin knew.
“Do you like it.”
In fact, that’s why I’m following you.
“I’ll tell you.”
Ranstin played the sheet music he had just finished working on with the object <Gitaru>.
‘Gitaru’, probably the name for guitar, made all the instruments sound at the same time.
Lynn hummed and sang.
Lyrics that would raise eyebrows if the audience heard them resonated with a sorrowful melody.
afternoon the next day. Arriving at the plaza, Ranstin and Lin paid the rental fee and rented a small theater for about an hour.
Since there was no specific session, preparations were quick, and people gathered quite a bit.
Most of them were people who had a relationship with Rin for two weeks.
“huh?”
The only person who recognized her true identity was Kimstler, a composer with whom she once went to art college.
“Tyra Lynn’?”
maybe first love.
However, at that time, students who liked Lin did not discriminate between men and women.
Transcendent while is unique, but her song made all Yein’s heart beat.
‘She sang really well.’
The reason why she dropped out of school was rumored, but it was hard to believe even after hearing it.
‘Because it was a barbaric society.’
It was a place where all the unique people in the world were gathered, so there were many accidents.
“hello. I will sing.”
After a brief greeting, Lynn took the microphone, and Ransteen began a dazzling performance.
“Hwihwi!”
Kimsler licked his lips at the sight of men whistling and cheering enthusiastically.
As the decadent and sensational lyrics were heard, the cheers began to grow even louder.
No one knew.
The fact that everyone in the plaza could be killed with just one of her voices and Ranstin’s gesture.
“Is that the kid?”
“Because it is. yesterday i… …
Kimsler’s face flushed as he heard the audience whispering during the interlude.
‘What do you mean?’
As the thick obscenity continued for a long time, he finally couldn’t hold back his anger and shouted.
“Hey, are you slandering in moderation? Does it help you if you disparage the singer in that way?”
“What are you?”
“Do you know who that woman is? If you keep doing this, you could be sued.”
“Puhahaha! who is that woman I’m with that kid… …
Lynn sang.
“I’m going to kiss that girl walking down 73rd street. So will this shitty feeling go away? It doesn’t matter now. Because I didn’t mess it up.” Hearing all this, Kimsler was in a daze.
‘It can’t be.’
Why would a woman with such great performance and singing skills ruin her life?
After the performance, the audience gathered.
Of course, most of them remain with bad intentions, but Rin was polite to everyone.
‘Don’t ruin my memories.’
To think that she, who couldn’t even make eye contact during her school days, was harassed like that.
“thank you! thank you!”
After a few jokes and a few skinships, Lin bravely packed up her equipment.
“There are still a lot of people here today. yes?”
Ranstin was speechless.
“what? What else is so sweet? Did you not like today? You didn’t make any mistakes.”
“No, it was good.”
It just reminded me of the pain of the past.
“You have a good talent. Maybe when you go out into the world, everyone will recognize you.”
Lynn snorted.
“What are you saying, you bastard… … He left because he hated the world terribly, disgusted him to the point of disgust.
“Lin.”
Kimsler has arrived.
“Are you Tyra Lynn? It’s me, me.”
“who are you?”
Of course, Lin couldn’t remember him.
“Oh, that’s right, classmates. I went to the Merius School of the Arts in composition. I even said hello during the performance… …
Mary’s School of the Arts is a painful name for her, but she was already out of the world.
“Aha, it’s been a while since I heard it. nice to meet.
How are you?”
The reason why Kimsler was moved by Lin’s relaxed attitude was also due to his lack of qualifications.
“uh. Now I am the director of the National Academy of Arts. It came out for a while because I was thinking of a new score.”
Although she unknowingly spewed twisted words, Lin sincerely congratulated the alumni on their success.
“Wow, that’s cool. How great?”
“How are you? Don’t perform in a place like this, would you like to come with me? I can introduce you.”
“huh?”
When Lyn looked at him as if he was saying something, Kimsler opened his mouth triumphantly.
“I promise to help. It’s much better than living like this anyway. is not it?”
“Aha, did you hear?”
Rin just wants to be free.
If you have nothing but freedom, why do people want to take away that freedom as well?
“sorry. As of today, the show is over in this city. Tell me when you come to another city. I’ll deal with you then.”
“What are you talking about? I didn’t mean it that way, I really care about you… …
“Ho Ho!”
She knows the ridicule and disregard behind the word worry, and the relief it brings.
Lynn stuck out her tongue.
“You guys are far worse bastards than the masses who treat us as clowns.”
Without the courage to risk your life.
“Goodbye I”
Leaving the blushing Kimstler behind, Lynn crossed her arms and walked away.
Live like that.
Even if everyone points at them as pathetic, even if they wear a mask of sympathy and despise them.
Because this is our world
‘Because I’m free.’
He is a clown living in the furthest place from the world, mocking the world.

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 1206 - Mind and Error(4).txt
===============================
mind and error (4)
Apocalypse.
The mining team’s judgment was correct.
When I went down to the basement of the building, the main system, which was more than tens of meters high, was filling the great cavity.
“what’s this?”
Marsha opened her mouth in a daze and looked up at the pillar that reached all the way to the ceiling.
It was emitting a bright white light like the beating of a heart, as if all the signals in this world were combined.
“Do it quickly.”
Looking back at the entrance the operator entered, he stepped back.
I couldn’t see the jets yet, but I could feel the number of androids coming down through the vibrations.
High Gear’s manager, Lollipop Mark, held a code-breaking card to a pole.
As the hologram unfolded, the code ran so fast that it was impossible to see with the naked eye.
Lollipop Mark, who had been expecting a bit, lowered his head.
“sorry. I can’t decipher this either. It seems that the language of this world is much more fragmented than we know.”
“What are you talking about? Segmentation?”
“There is absolutely no room for misunderstanding. It may be the final stage that the code can reach, but that is beyond human comprehension.”
Number Seven said.
“It is not necessary to know the language to penetrate the system. Just like you can scare a dog without knowing its language.”
“That is possible because I know the concept of a dog. Then what do you think this is?” When the audience was silent, the lollipop continued.
“It’s not that Number Seven hyung was wrong. However, you should have at least a basic code table for this world. Only then can data be created.”
Marsha asked.
“Where do I get the code table?”
“The easiest way is to reboot the system. Then it can be deciphered to some extent. It’s like assuming that the first thing a foreigner will say is ‘Hello,’ even if you don’t know the language.”
the operator asked.
“What if the foreigner doesn’t say ‘Hello’ because he’s from a strange country?”
“At that time, there was no way. But if my predictions are correct, that won’t happen. Because this is not a strange country. only… …
Lollipop looked up at the top of the pillar.
“It’s just our future.”
Marsha asked.
“Should I break this? Then there might be a way.”
It sounds absurd to a programmer, but honestly, I didn’t think about it.
“If I could, I did it right away. You checked outside. No attack can do any damage.”
the operator said.
“come.”
The elevator reached the basement, and I could see the jets bubbling through the transparent glass walls.
‘Sirone. I don’t know where or what… …
I wanted it to be done as quickly as possible.
“Have some tea.”
Following Jet, whom she met on the roof, into the building, Sirone was entertained in her room.
“Oh, thank you.”
It didn’t make sense that the android was making tea, but the scenery in the room was even more surprising.
There was a soft blanket on the bed, a carpet on the floor, and unfamiliar fish swimming in the aquarium.
like… … like humans.
said Jet.
“Don’t worry about the group. Since you opened the door to the main system, you must have entered safely.”
As Jett made her own tea and sat down at the table, Sirone’s gaze turned to the teacup.
“Yes, I cannot drink. No, you don’t need to drink, exactly.”
A code flowed across the facial screen.
“It’s because you already drank tea with the code that says you drank tea. Still, the result will be the same.”
Sirone realized that there was no difference between her drinking and Jet’s behavior.
“Why did you help me?”
“Is it strange? Maybe so. By your standards, we are nothing but lifeless machines.”
Jet looked around the aquarium.
“These are the children I brought before the river disappeared. Although 30,000 generations have passed, those children are living with me endlessly from generation to generation. Of course, the form and habits have changed a lot.”
How far into the future is this place?
“As I raised those children, I saw death. I also saw birth. If it hadn’t been for that incident, I wouldn’t have been any different from other Jets.”
“In what way is it different now?” Jet didn’t answer.
“What is life?”
Instead, he asked Sirone a question.
“Why live? If the end of life is death, what meaning does our life have?” “Since that question arose, I have been exploring life. The conclusion reached is that life is a time to prepare for death.”
Sirone listened.
“How will you die? Life exists only for that hwadu. Then the question arises again. If so, how should I live?”
Jet raised his index finger.
“No regrets. It is to live as best you can so that there is no regret left at the last moment.” It was a paradox about death.
“Then what is best? I think it’s a middle dragon. A life that is too ascetic leaves regrets. Conversely, a dissolute life leaves behind attachments.”
Jet made a hand sign.
“So the ball. The ball is not empty. Feeling and accepting numerous emotions, but also letting them go without confining them. If you perfect the mind that accepts death in this way, you will reach liberation that transcends life and death.”
Hearing the sermon from the machine made me feel strange, but I also had doubts about it.
“But you… …
“yes. I have no life. It is a machine.”
Jet pointed to the aquarium.
“Maybe that little life changed something in the system that made me. Maybe I am almost the only error in the world.”
“error.”
Sirone also thought.
‘mind.’
Can a machine have a mind?
“How is that possible? That in a world of perfect laws there are errors.”
Jet laughed.
“No system is perfect until it is perfect. It’s a conceptual problem. It’s like there’s no way to prove that there isn’t a single bug in this city.”
Unless the city itself perishes.
“okay.”
A warning code flashed on Jet’s face.
“Your party is trying to access the main system. But it won’t be easy.”
“Can you help me?”
Jet shook his head.
“It is out of my control. I circumvent the system in ways that other jets do not, but change the system itself.
I can’t honey. It’s the exact opposite concept of the mind. The main system is perfect. This is because it admits no error, regardless of whether or not there is one.”
That god’s point of view drove the world to this point.
Jett continued.
“Nevertheless, the reason I brought you here is that I believe that things will change sooner or later. Just as the little life in the aquarium changed me, I think there is hope since you entered this world.”
What is Jet dreaming of?
“I will let you know. the secrets of these three worlds. where are we Where did you come from and where are you going?”
It was the truth of the outside world.
sun core.
In their psychic state, the archangels were doing their best to undo the cosmic law.
“Huh!”
It was to change the course of the entire universe, if not the physical realm.
“I can’t.”
It was a law so strong that he dared to say such a thing.
“We were just like this. An insignificant part in a cogwheel.”
As Satiel lost the archangel’s will, Rayel said.
“Hold on a little longer. If you leave here, it’s over. Not just you and me, but all angels will lose the meaning of existence.”
I try to encourage him like that, but in fact he knew it too.
‘I can’t last long.’
Although the angle of change is not large, it was to receive the weight of the entire universe.
‘If you yield one step, you can live like that again. But hold on to protect
moment… …
get crushed
‘Should I stop here? According to God’s will, should I put down the angelic authority and live as a mortal?’
It doesn’t matter anyway.
‘why?’
Why did we exist in this world?
‘Fight.’
The moment he resisted with all his heart, his mental body began to disintegrate.
“Rayel!”
Satiel bit his lip in front of his colleague’s miserable appearance.
‘I’m angry!’
If I had a body, I would have shed tears of blood.
‘Is it just like this? We are so weak… …
“Don’t give up.”
At that moment, a tremendous force pushed the law away.
“Ichael.”
As the pressure decreased to the point where they could breathe, Satiel and Rayel realized anew.
‘It’s tremendous power.’
It was the mother of all concepts, an amplifying force born at the same time as the birth of the universe.
“You can. It’s not an insignificant existence. We define ourselves.”
As much as she was encouraged by those words, Satiel felt anger and sadness at the same time.
‘The person who stole the Guffin.’
But also… … He was an angel whom I respected more than anything else.
‘I hate this.’
The feeling of letting out the hatred that seemed to be stagnant in my heart forever was terrifying.
Could I have let it go like that?
“It’s only now that we hold hands! Revert the law and we will fight again.”
If given one more chance, then I wanted to listen to Ikael’s words.
“… … is it so.”
Of course, Ikael knew that this was the end.
‘I did my best to exist.’
In order to give him even that medal, Ikael pushed his spirit into the law.
“no! don’t go!”
‘I’m sorry, Sirone.’
It was the moment when the mental body was scattered and was about to disintegrate with a mere signal.
When she opened her eyes with a strange feeling, an archangel was receiving the law in front of her.
“Kariel?”
Kariel, the archangel of birth, looked back at her and smiled beautifully.
“Kariel… …
It was just as good as she remembered, always full of curiosity.
Subsequently, the archangel of extinction, Faiel, supported her on the shoulder, and Metatron and Methiel approached from the left and right to help.
‘It wasn’t in vain, my life.’
That’s how the heart goes.
As the 7 archangels joined forces, I felt the law going backwards little by little.
Satiel shuddered.
‘do. We can do it!’
And the changes that took place in the sun’s core had an immediate effect on Apocalypse as well as Syrone’s planet.
As the building shook as if an earthquake had occurred, Sirone looked up at the ceiling with a startled expression.
Fragments were falling from behind.
“what?”
The structure that could not even crack in any way is breaking.
“This is the beginning of change.”
It was Zet’s own insight that made it possible to guess the effect without going through the cause.
“I don’t think I have much time. It would be faster to explain in machine language rather than human language.”
As Jet sat cross-legged on the floor, Shirone calmed down and sat down.
The vibration was getting stronger.

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 1207 - The World We Live in(1).txt
===============================
The world we live in (1)
Now, as the rather thick debris fell in front of Sirone’s eyes, Jet said.
“This world is made of particles.”
It was natural.
“And the outer world is made of antiparticles.” “Of course, this is the standard of this world. Matter and antimatter define each other with the concepts of existence and non-existence.” Jett spoke calmly.
“Particles are classified into photon signals and quantum signals. Photon signals deal with the law, quantum signals deal with the mind. Of course it would be an error for me.”
Sirone understood.
“If that is what we are, which being has a higher stature? It’s going to be how much of a share it occupies in the total system. The measure of this criterion is energy.”
Existence is energy.
“Also, energy is mass multiplied by the speed of light squared. Therefore, energy can also be referred to as mass.”
The mass… … .
“It is a matter of how fiercely you exist in the flow of time. Expressions such as heavy and light are just definitions made by human senses, in reality…”
Jet clenched his fist.
“It just exists.”
The background crumpled around the fist, and debris and dust gathered there.
“It’s called gravity. And if this gravity becomes too, too strong, beyond the tolerance the universe accepts… …
When Jet opened his palm, the small dot became a black sphere and sucked in the dust around it.
“You will break through the curtain of the world and go to the outside world.”
It was a black hole.
“Can you make it? A singularity of zero volume and infinite density.”
“… … yes.”
Even Metatron, the Archangel of Existence, and Syrone were able to create singularities.
“It is not particularly special. It’s just that some matter has reached the limit of the universe. It means that nothing can be infinitely strong. When existence transcends its limits, the universe cannot handle the signal and spits it out of the veil.”
The jet annihilated the black hole.
“So you can make it, but you can’t get in. To be precise, there is no way out.”
It was a space where even light was confined.
“At the singularity, time ends. And beyond that, the world of anti-particles unfolds. So the outside world has an imaginary number of hours.”
“That’s God’s point of view.”
Jett nodded.
“If a particle is a concept of significance, an anti-particle is a concept of nothingness. Therefore, it is normal for particles to exist, and the time of extinction is only an instant. On the other hand, it is normal that anti-particles do not exist, and the time of their birth is extremely short.” This is why it is difficult to observe antiparticles in space.
“In this way, particles and antiparticles go through twin birth and twin annihilation to create matter and energy. This is the mechanism by which our universe is born.”
Sirone chewed on Jet’s words.
“The means through which God can exert influence in this world are also antiparticles. It is useless to say that it is still or even now. It’s imaginary time. Time is imaginary means that space is also less than zero. That is, they operate beyond the speed of light. In other words, going back in time and changing the law.” Sirone recalled the Pyramid of Truth.
“That’s an opart.”
This is the reason why the relics of an ancient civilization seem to have been born without a cause.
“yes. God’s will that transcends time and space. This signal is called tachyon. It is a sign of an imaginary number born in a world of nothingness.”
Sirone let out a quiet voice.
“The world of nothingness.”
If the anti-particles that make up the outside world are the concept of nothingness, our world seen there… … .
It was just a huge illusion.
“Do you want to meet God?” When Sirone raised his head again, Jet was as reverent as his high priest.
“To meet God, you must cross the veil of the world. That means there is no coming back forever.” When I was in school, I once returned to reality through the space-time of the maze.
Also, even in high gear, he imitated Shin’s thinking and returned as an undercoder.
But all of that was possible because reality was the status of the outside world.
‘It’s different this time. In order to return to reality, I need to know the signal of the anti-particle.’
Jet brought the point.
“I will let you know.”
“yes? But how… … ?”
“Because I am an error out of the main system. Permissions cannot be exceeded, but viewing is possible. You should be able to connect to the core and deliver the results for Tachyon.”
A god’s ability to turn all beings into illusions.
“It will be difficult to achieve enlightenment with only Gugyeol, but it will be necessary to meet God. Even if you go to the outside world in this state, you are crossing a river from which you cannot return.”
like me
“Of course, me too. Viewing the outside world is an error that cannot be overlooked, and I will soon be discarded.”
Sirone asked again.
“Why do you do this? You live in this world.”
“well. Is it because it is an error?” Jet looked out the window.
“From the moment I realized that the many ‘me’ outside and the ‘me’ here are different, I thought this way. This miraculous error, this feeling that will never come again… …
He turned his head again.
“I wonder if I should tell someone.”
Sirone cried.
“But then you… … It was something I didn’t want to say, but it was something I had to confirm.
“You are going to die.”
It is different from the outside jet.
Because the disappearance of the one and only ‘I’ who has realized the mind will be no different from the death of a human being.
“How will you die?”
Jet put one hand on his lap and gently bowed his head as class president.
“I think I am ready.” Sensing that her heart was heating up, Shirone tried to calm herself down and answered.
“yes.”
And knelt down in front of Jet.
“I will be taught.”
“… … You will only get one chance.”
Silence ensued, and a red tiger began to appear on Jet’s face screen.
“Data output.”
Ikael felt a thrill of joy.
‘It moves. we overcome the law
there is.’
The seven archangels gathered now were almost all concepts that gave birth to the early universe.
‘Just one more step.’
Ataraxia unfolds brilliantly.
‘Proof!’
The moment the mental body was burning, the law that had been twisted so far was rapidly restored.
It felt like that.
The jet outputted data at a tremendous speed and in a voice that bordered on shouting.
‘You can’t miss it. Not even one syllable.’
Sirone, who was kneeling in front of him, held on to her fainting spirit.
In terms of enormous entropy and information quality, it was comparable to the blueprint of the universe.
A moan leaked out.
“Huh.”
Jet’s voice wasn’t particularly intrusive, but the syllables were a grotesque sound that no civilization had ever created.
‘I don’t know.’
Sirone, who has reached the level of Ultima, can decipher all signals, so what he couldn’t understand was the meaning, not the form.
‘It’s a completely different concept. It’s not even a quality that humans can remember.’
Information that would have evaporated a second later if I hadn’t known how God thinks flowed endlessly.
“ah??????
Jet’s voice disappeared as his pupils rolled up as if he would lose consciousness at any moment.
‘finished!’
Hurrying to her senses, Sirone repeated the phrase she had heard so far at the speed of thought.
1, 2, 23, 328.
With the shape of the syllable written in her brain like that, Sirone raised her head and looked at Jet.
It may be an illusion, but it seemed calm.
“Did it go well?”
Sirone stood up and replied.
“yes. entire.”
“I’m glad. Enjoyed.”
Hearing the goodbye, Sirone shook her head.
“You can’t leave yet. You have to analyze the signal like me. Fortunately, there is no… …
At that moment, the ceiling collapsed with a roar.
“It’s dangerous!”
Shirone rolled on the floor hugging Jet and looked back at the rock that had fallen under her feet.
‘Huge size.’
That the world of the law is shaken
It meant that Ikael had done it.
Sirone looked at Jet again.
As the main system went down, his aircraft did not light up either.
“Calm down, calm down.”
All jets would be in the same state, but Sirone couldn’t leave the room.
“I mean, I didn’t even say thank you.”
“what? What?”
Marsha looked around.
The jets that were struggling with the operator collapsed at the same time, and the light disappeared from the huge pillar.
“done! Sirone hyung did it.” It was complicated, but it didn’t matter anyway.
“you can do it? Can you do it now?”
As if he had no time to answer, the lollipop mark installed the Undercoder’s interface.
‘I just need to know the code table.’
The initialization signal of the main system was caught by the hologram operated by its own power.
“That’s Okay! I have no idea what you mean, but I can make anything now anyway.”
If you compare it to human language, it would be like a meaningless alphabet combination, but if you knew the communication rules, you could attack the system with the data itself.
The jets were useless, so the entire mining team rushed in to watch the lollipops do their job.
“hacking! hacking!”
“Wait.”
Lollipop Mark, which penetrated the database through various routes, swallowed saliva at the capacity.
“excuse me… … How long will this miraculous thing last?”
“well. 10 minutes? 1 hours? Why are you doing that?”
“There is some data that I am interested in, but it takes 2 hours and 14 minutes to download all of them. If it reboots in there, the system on this side will be attacked.”
“No no. Take only what you need.”
“That’s what I’m saying. Because the language system is different, I don’t know where the information I need is located. but… …
Lollipop turned hologram.
“The title of this file here Omega 999 means you can read it.
Joe.”
“what? Are we talking about it?”
“yes. In my opinion, the records that were left before the future world changed strangely were preserved as they were. Anyway, the last file I can read is Omega 999.”
The record after that time is not written in human language.
“Hmm.”
The operator leaned on his chin and said.
“It’s either way. Do I take the risk and download the whole thing, or just the urgent ones quickly?”
Knowing how valuable the information of the future world is, Marsha cried.
‘I want to get everything. It’s really a waste.’ Lollipop said.
“The leader of the mining team decides. Even while doing this, you never know when the system will be restored.”
“I’m going crazy, really.”
She said with a big sigh.
“Take the urgent first.”
“yes.”
When the lollipop pressed the button on the hologram, the gauge started filling up quickly.
All the history happening in reality, the files of Omega 999 were coming over.

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 1208 - The World We Live in(2).txt
===============================
The world we live in (2)
There was a makeshift barracks quite far from the Green Ocean where the tribal war was being fought.
Pyeongangsa gathered in the shabby barracks, and the same number of fairies took care of them.
“Sniff. sniff.”
“Stop whining. annoying.” When the angel who was pessimistic about his situation shed tears, everyone wept as if he had promised.
like a newborn child.
“Ha ha, really.”
At first, even the fairies, who were treated with respect, no longer saw them as angels.
“If you’re going to keep crying like that, go to sleep. The subaldo by the side should also think of us.”
“M-I’m sorry.”
When one angel lay down in a crouching position, all the angels followed suit again.
At one time, they were the beings who permeated the world through the unique concept they received from God.
“hey. Gather everyone.” When the angels calmed down, the captain of the guard team gathered the fairies together.
“Taking care of yourself like this is so inefficient. Just gather the angels in one place, and we’ll form groups and take turns. About 20 people each.”
“That would be nice. To be honest, apart from the hard things, I’m sick of the angels whining. If it wasn’t for tribal wars, I’d just hit one… …
That moment.
“Ooooooooo!”
The angels opened their eyes and a unique property called vibration occurred.
“What, what?”
Where the fairies hurriedly turned their heads, hundreds of pillars of light rose.
“… … I’m back.”
The starlight that rose one by one on the heads of the angels made it impossible to deny the fact.
‘Did you really do it?’
Did only three archangels go to the sun and change the law set by God?
Like corpses rising from their graves, the angels rose slowly.
“Casker.”
The captain of the subaldae flew like an arrow
all.
“yes! Did you call!”
Because of what he had already done, his mind was confused and his small body trembled.
Of course the angels know.
That’s why the eyes looking at Fairy weren’t nice, but it was a dizzying time for them too.
‘It’s terrible, losing the standard O’
It was a later thing to scold Fairy because it was something she didn’t want to go through again.
“Where is Yuriel-sama?”
“That, to the Green Ocean… …
The angels who looked over the battlefield through ‘Looking Down’ spread their wings of light and soared up.
‘Wait a little.’
As countless flashes of light flew away, the fairies asked Casker.
“What shall we do?”
“What should I do?”
Casker’s face turned into a tear-stain.
“I have to go after him.”
Lollipop nervously scratched her nails.
“hurry. please hurry up.” The data currently being moved was 100% foreknowledge that could never be obtained in reality.
‘Even if you endure one tick, the future of mankind will change.’
The operator pointed forward.
“Hey, this is rebooting, right?” When the lollipop raised its head, lights were coming on one by one in the face of the fallen Jet.
“this!”
He hurriedly lowered his head to check the progress.
’64 percent.’
If the main system is restarted as it is, it will be attacked in reverse and all files will be destroyed.
‘We need to cut off communication. Even if the file is broken, it will be possible to recover it to some extent.’
Should I be satisfied here?
The reaction speed of machines and humans was incomparable, so it was a situation where we had to rely on intuition.
the operator said.
“You judge and decide. I won’t blame you no matter what happens.”
“Huhhh”
Lollipop’s eyes tightened.
‘One second. One more second… …
Could the data contained in that one second save hundreds of thousands of lives?
‘Still fine. About 3 seconds… …
At that moment, without any context, my eyes went dark and my hand went to the block button.
‘I hung up.’
At the same time, with a hum, light began to enter the pillars of the main system.
“Huh! Huh!”
The number written on the hologram was 83 percent.
“done! I was faster.”
His hand frightenedly entered the keyword.
“Okay, I fixed the broken files. Where, I’ll dig up everything you know.”
Just as he was about to read the files, Freeman quickly approached and took away the equipment.
“What are you doing?”
The lollipop’s eyes widened as it raised its head.
The officers of the parrot mercenary corps were surrounded by weapons.
“Why, why?”
“sorry.”
Marsha, who took over the equipment, said.
“No one can read this information. I’ll take this. I’ll pay you instead.”
“Where is the law to do this? Give me! That’s mine! An important program there… …
” Shh.”
Snyder, the captain of the 6th division, thrust a dagger into his throat from behind a lollipop.
“stop. This is the future of mankind at stake. It’s good to get attention from you too.”
The threat was cool, but the cold attitude of the person who had been like a brother until now made me even more angry.
“red! come now? great. Come on, stab me. Try it once, you lady!”
“what? Madame?”
Marsha raised her ax eye.
“You really kill me! Do you think this is a joke? We are very scary people!”
“So try it! Even if you don’t have the confidence! Or give me my gear!”
Snyder asked.
“… … Shall I remove it?”
Marsha was annoyed.
“Are you saying that to a child? Just soothe it in moderation! Give me some candy!”
As she turned away, Snyder licked his lips and lowered the dagger.
“No, why are you temperamental to me? Did I say I was a lady? uh? Did I?”
the operator said.
“I understood the impossibility of sharing information. You don’t have to threaten me.”
“okay. I’m sorry.”
The unrestrained lollipop turned around.
“Oooh, sir!”
He threw a low kick, but only his leg hurt as if he had hit a log.
“haha! Don’t be too angry. Because hyung will introduce you to a really pretty girl. Although I am fifteen years older than you.”
“It’s okay!”
“By the way… Snyder, messing with the lollipop’s head, went on, and the officers followed.
“How do you do these things?”
Before I knew it, the jets were hitting the wall in front.
After looking outside from the rooftop, Sirone returned to the room where Jet had collapsed.
“The scenery hasn’t changed.”
Although the main system was down, this place was still a world created by the law.
‘why? Even though Ikael succeeded.’ It was a frustrating feeling that the future had already been decided no matter what changes were made in reality.
‘I can’t do that. I’m missing something. Because God’s thinking is broader than mine.’
Deep in thought for a while, Shirone turned his head to the sound of the engine.
“Mr. Jet!”
A tiger appeared on Jet’s face screen, and his limbs began to move.
“Are you awake? Suddenly the system… …
Sirone stood still.
The shape is the same, but somehow the feeling is different from before.
“Color immediately. color immediately.”
Standing on his own, he launched the bullets of the law into the air like a jet outside.
“It is me! You remember!”
“Remove the defilements.”
Avoiding the explosions exploding in all directions, Shirone sprinted to the entrance of the room.
‘The error has been fixed.’
As the main system rebooted, the quantum error was put back into place.
“Kuu!”
Since it cannot be undone forever, to Sirone, the jet was just a moving machine.
‘Don’t blaspheme him.’
“Regenerate, follow the law.”
“Yaaaa!”
After casting Hand of God, Sirone grabbed Jet and pushed him hard against the wall.
Following a thud, Jett’s body fell to the floor, half crushed.
“Hey middle schooler… … rate… … law??????
After confirming that the light on the face screen had disappeared, Sirone wiped away tears.
Broken tea cups, burnt carpets, and even fish fluttering outside the aquarium.
It was Jet’s heart.
Sirone, which contained fish in an aquarium made of material, moved the aircraft to the center.
” sorry.”
Looking forward to his heart that was delivered today spreading to the whole world someday, “Whoa!”
Sirone flew up from the ceiling.
‘What about the mining team?’
tallest building in the city.
The numerous jets riding the outer wall shimmered like a broken mirror.
In the great underground caverns of the main system, the mining team struggled against the jet corps.
“damn! Is there no end?”
As long as the building couldn’t be destroyed, the only way out was to go through the jet.
the operator said.
“There is not much power left. Drive Jet into a corner. It is the final collapse.”
“okay.”
As the mercenary corps rushed into the enemy camp, the Jet’s battle line began to twist to one side.
In the meantime, Marsha stood behind the pillar holding the file of Omega 999.
‘How do I do this?’
It was also for Sirone, but the mercenary’s employer was Fermi.
The special condition he presented was ‘information that does not need to be read will be delivered as it is’.
“Is there such a situation?”
At the time, Marsha asked:
“I need to know what it is so I can make a judgment, but how do you deliver it without looking at it?”
“Because there are many ways to deal with confidentiality. Metaphors in ciphered books and paintings, non-melodic scores that destroyed classical forms. I would like you to hand over these artifacts as much as possible without examining them.”
“Hmm, okay.”
Marsha thought to herself.
‘I just need to know, what. Who knows?’
“another one.”
Fermi added.
“When you obtain data created with technology from the future world, never read it. No one, not even the managers at High Gear, should know.”
Looking back now, I wondered if Fermi had been thinking this far.
“It is very tight. How are you supposed to maintain teamwork without that level of humanity?”
“A Fallen Virgin is enough. Members don’t just follow. Moreover, it is directly related to revenue. Information is more about who knows than what you know. Information that is not proprietary has no value.”
Information that everyone knows has the same value as information that cannot happen.
“It’s called information entropy. But in fact, the true meaning of this provision is different.”
“The real meaning?”
“Sirone.”
Marsha’s expression hardened for the first time.
“Some information Sirone should never know. The moment you find out, everything is over. Aside from monopoly, entropy must be maintained at an unknown level. I erased my memory because I was convinced by Sirone again.”
“how… … what information? Then, what if I don’t know and even say something?”
“You know. You will be sure the moment you get the information. So I couldn’t even write it down in the contract. Because there shouldn’t be any channels through which information can move.”
Marsha’s mouth was also a channel.
“okay. I’ll promise. I’d rather take my own life than talk to Sirone.”
Fermi finally presented the contract.
“… … Please sign.”

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 1209 - The World We Live in(3).txt
===============================
The world we live in (3)
Since it was a life-or-death matter, Marsha carefully reviewed the items added to the contract.
‘Sirone.’
who gave her a second chance.
‘I want you to be happy. Because he is the one who gave me my family and my life back.’
therefore.
‘I’ll keep quiet. If it’s what you want, I won’t tell you under any circumstances.’
Marsha signed the contract.
Even behind the pillars of the main system, the distance from the battlefield was less than 50 meters.
However, she was immersed in conflict to the extent that even the noise of battle could be heard vaguely.
‘What do we do?’
A file containing the history of Omega 999.
According to the contract, it should be sent to Fermi as it is, but the problem was that it was 83 percent.
‘How much of the future of mankind is left?’ What if 83 percent of the data only had records of the past?
‘I need to check now. In order to send information to Fermi, the messenger must go out into reality. If this is tin information, it’s a valuable opportunity to waste.’
Apocalypse and real time are different, so you have to wait a considerable amount of time once you leave.
‘You have to see. The only chance to turn back is now. I just don’t have to tell Sirone.’
Taking out an analog watch, she calculated the real time using the time difference.
‘good. If there is information that is future than today, pass. Or mine again here.’
Marsha opened the file.
The records left in human language were written in chronological order.
‘Pass it. Hand it over.’
The eyes barely contain the letters.
As she turned the page with the sole intention of checking the date, her face turned red.
‘ there is.’
It wasn’t much, but the record had the exact date of today.
‘it’s okay. End here… … At that moment, a line of records caught my eye.
“… … what?”
Without having time to think about anything, my brain absorbed the entire event of a paragraph.
Marsha slowly raised her head.
Even while he was deep in thought with a stunned look on his face, his hand was turning off the equipment.
‘It must have been this one.’
Fermi’s words that you would be sure the moment you saw it were true.
‘Sirone.’
My eyes grew hot.
‘Is that so? Even knowing everything… … Did you erase your memory?’
At that moment, a roar erupted.
“Marsha!”
When I turned my head, numerous jets were being destroyed by the collapse of the operator.
“I have to leave now!”
When the bowway opened on the side of the elevator that Freeman pointed at, Marsha jumped straight away.
“hurry! Ride fast!”
Right before the elevator closed, the operator, who had returned to the form of a girl, got on board.
“Whoa, I thought I was going to die.”
“Nice job, sister.” Having said that, the lollipop looked up at Marsha and frowned.
“Please return it when you are finished. Don’t touch anything else. It’s a private secret.”
“uh? Oh yeah.”
‘ what?’
Contrary to the fact that her eyes turned upside down when she was called an ajumma, her face was filled with sadness.
Smile Mark asked.
“Is there a solution? There must be a jet outside. I don’t even have the equipment to pull up anymore.”
“We will stop you guys run away. Find a safe place and leave Apocalypse.” At one time, Sirone’s discarded information, namely, that Lo Cine dismantled Apocalypse.
Fermi created an escape code based on the information at the time, and that is… … .
‘Escape.’
Smile Mark looked at the pill in his palm with a worried expression.
‘It takes up to 10 minutes to get out completely. Is there a place that meets the criteria?’
Upon reaching the ground, as expected, numerous jets were blocking the entrance.
‘This is too much.’
The black circle mark raised its head as if it had discovered something and muttered softly.
“Game over.”
“sister! Unluckily, at the same time as that sound, a flash of light blew from the left side of the field of vision and swept away the jets in an instant.
Sirone landed in the empty space.
“brother!”
The lollipop ran away, and the mercenary parrot let out a big breath as if it was relaxed.
“Why are you so late? How long have you been waiting?”
“sorry.”
Sirone checked the number of people in the party first.
“Is everyone okay?”
“okay. Let’s get away first. We need one last check before escaping.”
Sirone, who swept the party with the Hand of God, flew straight into the sky.
Jet pursued, but it was not enough to catch up with Sirone, who was determined and ran away.
‘There really is no end.’
There were only cities with the same pattern and the same scenery, but nature was nowhere to be seen.
“I can’t. Let’s go down.”
Cirone landed at a point where the jet was nowhere to be seen and asked Marsha about the mining situation.
“How have you been? Did you succeed?”
Marsha, who had trouble managing her expression, nodded.
“huh. It’s not perfect, but I’ve achieved the desired results. Send it to Fermi and you’re done.”
“thank god.”
Sirone let out a sigh of relief and looked around.
“There is nowhere to hide. The jets are coming soon, so let’s get out of here.”
Of course, no one objected, and everyone took an escape pill.
Marsha asked.
“The order?”
didn’t have to fix it.
“Go out together. I will move again and go out for the last time.”
“okay.”
In the end, it’s best for Sirone to take responsibility, but Marsha is saddened.
‘why?’
The back of Sirone, who was wary of the distant part of the city, felt sad today.
‘You take on everything and fight for the world… … why? Why can’t you be happy?’
What Marsha saw.
‘Sirone.’
It signaled the end of human history and Omega.
‘Amy is dying.’
This will happen in the next 6 hours.
‘I won’t be able to stop it.’
It was such a powerful case, but if Sirone knew about it, the story would be different.
‘But I… …
Marsha gritted her teeth and held back her tears.
‘I can’t tell you!’
The moment you become obsessed with someone special, Yahweh’s standards will collapse.
‘How heartbreaking must it have been?’
Even after hearing about Amy’s death from Fermi, she erased her memory for the world.
How many tears have you shed?
‘I must have asked again and again.’
In denial and in denial, you would search for every possible way to change the situation.
“sister.”
Sirone turned around.
“Why are you so crying? Don’t worry too much. I will go to a safe place too.”
Marsha swallowed the pill, averting her gaze.
“okay. I’ll be waiting for you.”
Of course, by the time Sirone returns, the information will have already been passed on to Fermi.
“yes. See you outside.”
Marsha, who felt her mind wandering, suddenly opened her eyes and said.
“excuse me… … ! Sirone.”
“yes?”
My heart became even more disturbed at the innocent face that seemed to listen to anything I said.
‘I have to tell you.’
Shouldn’t it be?
‘What good is humanity? that kid forgave me He gave me a new life. So me too… …
If the cost of speaking out was death, she would not hesitate to give her life.
But what Sirone chose.
In front of a near-infinite sacrifice that a criminal like her could not even imagine.
“just. Thank you.”
Marsha hid her emotions and laughed bashfully.
“Nuna will take care of you for the rest of your life, Tsar.”
“haha.”
Marsha’s body, to be precise, her mind melted away like a haze and disappeared.
“Anyway, I can’t dry it.”
Shaking her head, Sirone looked up at the sky and stretched.
“Shall I start too?”
Although the future ruled by gods has not changed, Sirone is not frustrated.
‘thank you.’
I had a heart here too.
Even if it is an error that will never happen again, that heart will create the future of humans through Sirone.
so that.
‘hi.’ Apocalypse.
“Mika.”
■The construction progress is 31.6548 percent.
The much faster working speed of Sirone Spear was only the price of pain.
“Huh!”
This is because methods and efficiency are meaningless in a construction project that transcends human knowledge.
‘I can do it more, faster.’
After concentrating, I felt my brain burning, followed by the actual burning smell.
‘… … Really?’
At that moment, the solar wind rushed in.
‘Amy.’
Drawing the light with her transcendental telescopic vision, Sirone caught the collision of fire and fire.
Phoenix screamed.
“Kiyi!”
After all, since they are of the same nature, the stronger fire would devour the weaker fire.
“how… …
Phoenix glared at Amy, who was 3,000 kilometers away in an instant.
“Can you be faster than me?”
“Because it is the sun.”
The two incarnations, resonating with the sun, communicated words to each other through light radiation.
“Of course, that would be true of you too. but.”
Amy grinned.
“I am a professional wizard.”
A unique battery, spontaneous combustion, allowed her to travel anywhere in the sun.
“The batteries are different. I know that? That on my planet you are a tier 2 creature.”
Of course, even that is not weak.
“… … is it?” As the Phoenix grew in size, its ferocious eyes were visible even from 3,000 kilometers away.
“Are mortals ignoring me!” The phoenix charged with all its might and flew up while swallowing Amy’s body.
“Kurrrr! I am fire!”
Just as it was about to dive into the sun, a small whirlpool formed in Phoenix’s chest.
“huh?”
In the next moment, the convection current rapidly increased, twisting Phoenix’s wings and neck.
“Kuaaaaa!”
complete combustion.
The phoenix, wrapped in a pillar of fire, realized that the essence that formed it was being sucked into it.
“no! not… …
The whirlpool exploded, and Amy, burning in the form of a female body, stood up in the air.
“Ouch! Whoops!”
In front of her eyes, a bird that could not be said to be bigger than a man was staggering.
“Big!”
Phoenix, who did not have enough energy left to maintain his form, bowed his head as if resigned.
“Well, there is nothing to be ashamed of. In the phoenix… … Because now it’s just you.”
“okay.”
said Amy.
“And we will someday disintegrate again and become something in the universe.”
“Hehe.”
Phoenix raised his head.
“I never thought I would become a human from fire. Usually it’s the opposite. Is it rude to say something like this? Why don’t you rule the universe when you’ve risen to the level of an outsider?”
“Because I am not alone.”
Amy walked over to Phoenix.
“If I had existed alone, I would never have come this far. People who helped me, people who died for me, people who fought for me, people who hated me. I am just one human being who owes it all.”
I don’t know why, but the faces of the people I’ve met so far came to my mind at the same time.
“I am not human. It is between humans.” As the half-melted Phoenix lay on her lap, Amy stroked her beak.
“You don’t have to shine alone anymore. Come with me and spread the light to everyone.”
“Being human… …
Looking at the endless universe, Phoenix raised the corners of his mouth and closed his eyes.
“okay. That would be fine too.”
As the form of the phoenix melted, Amy’s flame seeped into it.
It was a fire in the heart stronger than the law.

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 1210 - The World We Live in(4).txt
===============================
The world we live in (4)
Delta headquarters.
Kitra of the Kingdom of Paras indifferently looked at the Exoverse, which had turned into a black sphere.
‘A singularity with no volume and infinite density.’
If all possibilities are contained in zero space, existence is just an illusion.
“Are you defying the will of God?”
The seven archangels restored the law, but the pyramids around the world were still standing.
When the number 100 is the result, the number of ways to make that 100 is infinite.
All the angel did was remove 7/8 of the causes.
“You cannot change the outcome.”
To God, the odds are only 0 and 100 percent.
It was still God’s overwhelming victory until all eight source concepts were gathered.
As blue light entered Kitra’s eyes, the pyramid’s magnetic field began to expand.
At the same time, the same blue light lit up in the eyes of those affected by the magnetic field.
It was a person who lost his mind in the event of quantum fluctuations that grew like bubbles.
“Kill Maya.”
In Omega 999, someone’s name became the most important law in the universe.
In the sun’s core, the seven archangels felt the cosmic law change.
A different method, but the result would be the same.
“how… … ?”
Ikael said.
“It circumvented what we had done. It can be changed in any way.”
satiel said.
“Still, I kept my heart. If this is the case, even the ordinary angels will not lose their status.” Is it really so?
Personally, it’s fortunate, but when you look at the universe as a whole, nothing has changed.
In the end, it means that you couldn’t disobey God’s will, and God is trying to close this world.
‘No nothing. You can’t stop what isn’t there.’ In this way, the breath of God was leaking through all materials and cracks in all laws.
If the universe is likened to a box, just as if there is only one hole, it will be filled with air.
‘The only way is to block it completely. Unless all beings deny God with one will… …
In the end, it was a game that God would win.
Absorbing Phoenix’s soul, Amy rode the solar wind and arrived at Sirone’s place.
“Sirone.”
Amy became naked the moment she got rid of the incarnation of fire within the Miracle Stream’s protective shield.
“Oh!”
She hurriedly hid behind Sirone’s back and covered herself with her blushing face.
“Do not look back.”
Sirone raised an eyebrow.
“I can make clothes for you.” That was a good method, but when I looked at the workload of Sirone Spear, my mouth didn’t drop.
“it’s okay. It will burn again anyway.” Amy was mesmerized for a moment by the feast of substances pouring from Sirone’s hands.
“That’s amazing.”
“huh. Mom reversed the law, but the world of Apocalypse didn’t change. It must be that God’s thinking is beyond human scope. maybe this… … It will be the last thing I can do against God.”
Sirone didn’t say ‘we’.
‘I must have known.’
The fact that uniting humans as one is much more difficult than the Sirone Sphere.
Amy hugged Sirone from behind.
“Cheer up, strength.”
Her heart began to throb, as if her spirit was breaking through her back.
said Amy.
“Let’s not just try to be happy.”
She said the same thing when they were left alone after Ficho’s funeral.
“??????uh?”
And from Sirone’s eyes, hot tears flowed just like that time.
“don’t worry. Because the only man I love is you Because it will never change.”
Sirone cried silently.
Feeling his sobs all over her body, Amy recalled what happened a long time ago.
“I remember? When I first met you.”
He said he met a country boy lost in the back alleys of Creas City.
“At that time, you were hurt a little bit. I couldn’t either Take off your clothes =”
“5 three
“??????haha.”
“But I went home that day and told my dad. I will go to magic school.” It was the day Sirone first succeeded in magic.
“That’s how we met again, and we went through a lot. I think about this sometimes What would have happened if I hadn’t met you that day? If you went to the ice cream parlor on a whim, or if you were 10 or even 5 minutes late in the alley. If I had said something different in that situation… …
In retrospect, the eerie fate of human beings O
“I won’t be here right now. I couldn’t have said these words as I hugged you from behind right now.”
Sirone shut his mouth.
“If I had a different life, I would have lived that way again. But Sirone, I, now I… … I think that moment is a miracle. A miracle that changed my life.”
therefore… … .
“Never change. Even if I turn back time, even if I turn back thousands or tens of thousands of times, I will not change that moment with any future.”
Sirone lowered her head.
‘I must remember this moment.’ Still don’t know why.
However, in a world where the beginning and end have already been determined, what humans can do is eventually…
“Sirone, I will not forget you. I will love you against all odds in the universe.”
Giving your heart to the best of your ability.
≪ O 99
……flaw.
Turning around, Sirone caressed Amy’s tear-stained cheek.
“You must remember me. ‘Cause I’m going to find you Even if I search the whole universe, I will go.”
Sirone knows nothing about what will happen in the next six hours.
Just Omega 999 years.
At the end of human history set by God, they were the ones who promised a farther future than that.
The two looked back at the sun.
“I’ll be back.”
I don’t know what happened to the core, but Amy would be helpful.
“be careful.”
“don’t worry.”
Amy, who held Sirone’s face and gently kissed her, performed fire incarnation.
Stepping out of the Miracle Stream’s shield, she said with a smile.
“Because no one can kill me.” Through the magic of spontaneous combustion, her body instantly moved to the sun.
“okay.”
Shiroe, who felt Amy’s warmth for a moment, said again, tightening her eyes.
“Mika.”
-The construction progress is 42.0148 percent.
‘I have to succeed.’
Perhaps for the first time, it dawned on me that human unity might be impossible.
The spire of the Delta Headquarters.
Sitting on the topmost spot, Sirone looked sadly at the crowd at the front gate.
‘There is no end.’
After Gith’s press conference, Lodenin’s citizens were divided into two and protested.
‘No, it’s not like that.’
If you go into a place that is invisible to the naked eye, no one has any intention of listening to others.
“Let’s punish Geese for defaming Jive with the kingdom’s law! It is a civil right!”
In the democratic monarchy of Jive, the citizens of the capital had considerable power.
“Who are you talking about defaming! If we divide public opinions in this way with matters that have not yet been revealed, we will only be at a disadvantage in the holy war!”
“Thinking of going over to that kind of intimidation.
Don’t! A king whose morality has collapsed is not qualified to be the representative of the citizens!”
The voices everyone threw out one word at a time reached the depths of the Delta Headquarters.
Standing in front of the window, the albino stared at the hundreds of torches burning at the front door.
Rufist said.
“It turned out to be what Gis wanted. Those flames seem to represent the anger of the citizens.”
“Anger is not good. Emotions are visible. And you can control whatever you see.”
The albino continued.
“From the beginning, the content of the press conference was not important. Once you send a signal, the receiver responds in one way or another. Agree or disagree.”
“That’s what divides them.”
“Because dichotomous thinking is like human destiny. If it’s not right, it’s wrong. But the 1.5 generation of mankind is different. They have one more option.”
said the albino.
“Right, wrong, no right answer.” “There is no right answer in this world. It’s a contradiction all over. people are afraid of it That’s why you use your strength and insist that you are right. On the other hand, 1.5 generations of humanity accept contradiction. Even if you don’t understand, even if you don’t understand, just do it. It only focuses on solving the problem.”
“In a sense, it’s a lack of emotion.”
“It is very cold. It’s because they’ve evolved enough to rise to the pinnacle of the civilization ecosystem. By now, the big meat of money and power will be split on its own, and the rest will be thrown to the citizens. Whether it’s the joy of victory or the sense of achievement of the citizens, such nutrientless dregs.”
“It’s good value.”
“Hehe, it’s like selling something you don’t know what it is with the label ‘best’. Actually I don’t know. How do those things make my life happy? But since there are people who buy, they must be selling too.”
Lufist, lost in thought, asked.
“What if the citizens remained silent after the press conference?”
“Couldn’t Amagis have dried up the blood? Because you can’t predict the public’s reaction. But it’s hard work. Integration at the transcendental level, that’s what Ultima is.”
“okay.”
“The next best thing would be for Banwang to unite the citizens, but since the purge has already been completed, wouldn’t it be better to hold a press conference?” Announcements are always final.
Citizens fought endlessly.
“Let’s just wait. Let’s reserve judgment until after the crusade.”
Even within the Gis faction, there was a division between the moderate faction and the radical faction.
“The young lady has died. How do you feel about His Highness the King? For now, take it seriously.”
Moderates again into emotional and rational factions.
“It’s not that kind of problem, it’s frustrating. Aren’t you putting up with it because of the current situation?”
The emotional faction was divided into anger and sympathy.
“Is that what you mean? don’t you have children? Aren’t you a psycho?”
“What is it? Did you say anything?”
Sirone had no choice but to watch with sad eyes as the citizens were divided.
‘There is no right answer.’
There will be only those who wander in search of the correct answer and those who run in a straight line with the wrong answer.
Under a system where the one who arrives first plants a flag there and dominates everyone.
‘They now… …
They would be toasting on top of the world.
“Hey, Your Highness Geese. Congratulations.” The leaders of the Jive allies gathered in the bath Arachne prepared.
Geese said as he entered the bath.
“haha! What would be such a big deal? I feel relieved because the tooth I was suffering from has fallen out.”
The leader of Yoeumbang, who was sitting in the bathtub with his chest exposed, asked for a smoke pipe.
“Mr. Raymond, surprisingly, he seems to be a genuine group. I heard he called his wife by name before he died.”
The King of Iron burst into laughter.
“Puhahaha! why? Are you afraid you will go to hell? What kind of king would a guy like that be… … . Eh, this.”
Geese’s eyelids trembled.
“Uh, good. Let it go, let it go.”
Predators of civilization whose emotions are not dictated to get what they want.
“Your Highness, please accept my love too.” However, what can be called that 1.5 generation mankind?
Where such a sober mind goes.
“Heh, yes. Where should I ask?” Extremely animal and primitive senses
that it is.
“iced coffee!” that’s the… … It was the world of Omega 999 as seen by Sirone.

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 1211 - The world we live in(5).txt
===============================
The world we live in (5)
Pyramids built all over the world stole people’s hearts through magnetic fields.
They became human beings and began to move as a group according to God’s purpose.
In the flow of people diverging like a tributary of a river, some stems headed for the temple.
“Towards God’s Holy Land.” Some stems were moving ahead of time towards a place far away from Jive.
As if he knew what was going to happen at the last moment.
“We are going to Delta Headquarters.”
Even in the pyramids built in the Jive Kingdom, countless humans were born.
Among them was the Holy Apostle of the Anti-Magician, who inspected the pyramids under the direction of Pope Constantine.
“Kill Maya.”
Those in heavy armor started heading towards the Delta Headquarters with a clattering sound.
The protest continued, and the albino turned away from the window as if the game was over.
“Everyone thinks they are right. The problem is that no one can say they are wrong because everyone is talking about being right.”
Lufist followed.
“After the Asmodian invasion, Jive adopted a democratic monarchy only in the capital city. It is also the reason why Kish became king. The pride of the citizens who restored the damage from the war must be great.”
“Who is not? Democracy is a good way. But don’t think of it like a sanctuary. There is no special value in ideology. The fundamental reason for the downfall of monarchism is not because it is against humanity, but because efficiency is outdated. The bloody revolution would have been only a passing step compared to the staggering wealth that systemic change would bring.”
“It’s a presumptuous statement, but I can sense a semi-contemptuous tone toward the present age.”
“Heh, it’s not like that. Freedom is a good thing. But for me, the idea that freedom is something to be won, not something to be given, is deeply rooted. That’s why I’m a kkondae.”
“If I made a mistake… …
“no it’s okay. Because it’s true. You live your age. I am just concerned about the reality that the concept of freedom seems to overwhelm all concepts.”
said the albino.
“It is said that it is a society that respects individual values, but in reality, it is like throwing several options and choosing from them. At one time, there was a heated discussion about the legalization of homosexuality in Lodenin. all good. One is heterosexual, the other is homosexual. But maybe a little homosexual, where’s the half homosexual? In the end, either this way or the other way. The many personalities who stay in the middle are crushed. It’s not an agreement, it’s a method used in warfare. The protesters won’t be able to coalesce either way.”
If it’s a way to win and see.
“I am not talking about restoration of the monarchy. Even Lodenin was once censored by the system. After passing through such a dark period, the time has come for individuals to censor individuals. Even though no one told them to, they are spying on each other. After identifying friends and family, all that remains is thorough punishment.” “There may be no right answer, but people seem to be under the delusion that something can be perfectly defined. Imagining how other people lived has become a talent useless to society. Is this some kind of evolution? If everyone is satisfied, we can live like that, but… … As expected, an old man like me has no choice but to have a bitter taste.”
“Anyone who thinks like that is not an old man.”
“haha! That’s because you’re on your way to becoming like me. Kids these days call me old man, right? Think of when we were young. As the adults say, it caused a game. Even if it’s just a little clumsy and I don’t like it, I don’t think I have to follow it. Aside from right and wrong, isn’t that the way things are? After all, they are the owners of the future.”
Perhaps because the ugly politics of the temple will end tomorrow morning, the albino was deeply moved.
When I opened the door to the security room, Dante was smoking a cigarette in the thick smoke.
“Oh, sorry.”
The albino held out his hand.
“All right. Be at ease.”
Dante, who has to predict the whereabouts of Rom, Garto, and Temica, is currently the busiest person.
“You are suffering. I need to buy you a drink.”
“it’s okay. Have a seat.” Dante quit smoking and started the briefing.
“About 12 hours until the vote. It will depend on the alliance structure in the future, but so far, the most promising candidate for the world leader is Jive. That’s a whopping 42 percent chance.”
Because it was calculating the direction of the table, it was possible to infer the approximate probability.
“but… … Pretty good.”
There have been so many incidents since the temple opened.
If Jive deserved it, it would have been because it handled all those variables reliably.
Dante went on to explain.
“The next most likely candidate for the world map is Corona. However, the country is currently in an unstable state. The ivory tower is in danger of being overthrown. The odds are 34 percent.”
There was no disagreement.
“Well, it may not mean much, but shall we go for third place?”
He must have wanted to hear the name of Tormia with his ears.
“From 3rd place onwards, it’s hard to beat. Kashan and Aron are showing odds of 21 percent and 19 percent, respectively.”
“Kashan.”
“yes. Wurin’s identity is currently unknown, but if he survives until tomorrow morning, we believe he has a chance to rebound. It is more likely than Iron.”
The albino was bitter.
“If the country where the empress ran away without even changing her underwear is in third place, did Tormia have no hope from the beginning?”
Rufist said.
“Until this happened, Kashan was overwhelmingly number one. It’s a huge event just to fall down here. And Tormia… …
Finally, impatient, he asked openly.
“How high are you?”
“Sixth place. Jive, Corona, Kashan, Iron, Jincheon, and then Tormia.
The odds are 16.4 percent.”
Albino touched his beard.
“Anyway, the fact that no country has exceeded 50 percent means that the risk factor remains. Is there any room for us to overtake in 12 hours?”
Dante flipped the charts.
“Currently, people from the vicinity of the Pyramid are coming towards Lodenin in groups. You don’t know what will happen if there is a clash with the protesters. There is also a possibility that Geese will be impeached.”
“If that happens, Gis will be stripped of the right to vote. 12 hours is too tight to turn it back even if you put forward a large charge.” It would also be quite a gamble, but there was also a way to play the flu as the last card.
Rufist said.
“It means there is still room for redemption.”
“yes. Unpredictable situations can happen at any time. And this is my personal opinion… …
When Dante stopped talking, the two raised their heads.
“what?”
“It is rather easy to extract meaningful information from a single event. It is the realm of intuition and calculation.”
“Is there something on your mind?” Dante pointed to the kingdom of Kessia written on the chart.
“Fermi. This guy obviously knows something. Otherwise, these figures would not be possible.”
“What is your rank?”
“Twelfth place. It is inferior to the tribal confederation of the south. There is a 0.1 percent chance that Kessiah will become the world leader.”
Rufist touched his chin.
“It’s an inhuman shame.”
“yes. There is no movement, let alone an alliance. Even though the former king was murdered, it is too quiet. Either gave up or are aiming for something big. It is one of the two.”
“It will be the latter.”
After saying that, the albino asked again.
“Then what? That big thing.”
A knock was heard, and Lyria half-opened the door and poked her face in.
“Hey, do you have a moment?”
Predicting the death of the Moon kingdom, she still remained at the temple looking after Pony.
“what’s the matter?”
“His Highness has come to his senses.” Dante was also worried about the safety of his alumni, but it was difficult to find time right now.
‘Pony is no longer a variable.’ Now was the time to focus on the variable Fermi.
“okay. later i… …
“Sirone is also here. To Your Highness’s room.” Lyria added hastily.
Although it was expressed in a roundabout way, it was self-evident that Shiro-you called everyone.
said the albino, rising from his chair.
“Let’s change seats. Let’s hear it again there. By any chance, 16.4 percent will move?”
After saying that and leaving the room, Rufist, Dante, and Lilia followed. Rufist asked.
“You said 16.4 percent move. Do you think Sirone will be our variable?”
“Because he must have felt something after seeing this protest. But it’s not because of that. The moment I heard that lady, I suddenly thought of this. Fermi has 0.1 percent lies, and Sirone has 99.9 percent truth. According to my feeling… …
The albino’s eyes lit up.
“That Fermi’s lies are not irrelevant to Sirone’s truth. Those guys are cheating on something. In a way no one knows.”
A thought crossed my mind that maybe even they, the people involved, didn’t know.
‘Unless… …
In the secret room of the Cathia Sector, Fermi received the information from the mining team earlier.
High gear managers are experts in coding, so there should be no problem with transmission.
‘I’m not sure if they saw it… … Actually, that doesn’t even matter.
‘Only Sirone needs to avoid contacting this information. That’s why I signed a contract with Marsha.’
Not because she prioritizes the deal, but because she cares for Sirone so much.
As I opened the information with a bit of trepidation, a record that hadn’t happened yet was opened.
Because the download stopped at 83 percent, there was a broken part in the middle of the record.
Above all, it was not possible to confirm how the end of Omega 999 would end.
‘But enough.’
Fermi quickly skimmed through the information.
Then, his eyes were fixed on Amy’s death, which still hadn’t changed.
‘It’s not easy either. Because Amy’s life and death are intertwined with the fate of this world.’
When Syrone came to the gold ring after Fichot’s funeral, Fermi told the truth.
‘It wasn’t even a fuss then.’
It was a relationship that had been fought a lot since the days of magic school, but Fermi realized it for the first time at that time.
That this guy can go crazy too.
‘Honestly, I’m not sure. But no matter how you think about it, this is the only way. I can’t even calculate the win rate. The only basis for my judgment is… …
That Sirone approved.
‘He came to the same conclusion, so he accepted the deal. The one who hates me so much… …
Don’t you say you believe
“Whoa.”
Fermi went back to the beginning and studied Omega 999’s records.
And this time, Fermi’s eyes, not Syrone’s, rested on the records of his beloved.
‘Seriel.’
It was something that would happen in the next hour or so.

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 1212 - The Veron Problem(1).txt
===============================
Veron problem (1)
King Basak of the Iron Kingdom finished the banquet and returned to his bedroom.
“Whoa, I’m tired.”
He had no stamina left because he enjoyed parties soaked in pleasure every day.
“I am old too. At one time, I couldn’t even move ten times, but now I feel like my soul is being robbed… …
“Don’t worry. A man’s things never die until they die.”
Hearing a woman’s voice in the bed, which was fiercely defended by the guards, Va Sac jumped to his feet.
“Who, who…
He let out a sigh of relief when he checked the woman’s pale snake-like face.
“It was you.”
It was Shura, seventh in the order of the Ten Commandments.
Even after Buddha passed away, she was still searching for the secrets of the world.
The reason why he stayed in Iron was because he had an iron pole of Veron, the head of the Council of Ten.
‘The Veron problem.’
-Can humans truly change the future?
It will be the hottest topic in the destination of the year 999 of Omega defined by God.
Basak fell back on the bed.
“You were surprised. what happened all of a sudden Recently, nose plucking has not been shown.”
“How do you go to a banquet with such a small liver? You are a very strange person too.”
“Cheolkeol, if you don’t like meeting women, you should just live there. More than anything else, the fortress is hideous.”
A random person dies every hour
I was on my way out.
“Yes, where have you been?”
The situation would have been different if Shura had been present while tracking down Urin in each country.
“… … I came to see a friend.”
‘A friend.’
Bassak’s head, which seemed to have no idea at all, spun rapidly.
‘What else are you up to?’ I heard that the Crusaders were disbanded, but there was a lot of lack of information about whether they were alive or dead.
“Never mind.”
When Basak came to his senses, Shura was looking at him with cold eyes.
“Who said what? Of course I believe in you.”
“Whoops, a false god?”
“I am a believer in lies. Only when buried in lies, the truth shines.”
Shura leaned against Basak’s body.
“Then what truth hides in my lies?”
“That it could kill me.” “But if you didn’t kill me, it must mean that you still need me. Then we can be good friends. This is the truth I have discovered.”
“Excellent.”
“Chuck! Can I ask you a favor in that sense? Because you always made my dreams come true.”
Shura is strong.
However, if she expands her range to the world, there will be no one who can defeat her.
Even so, the reason Basak believed was because he excelled in non-forceful skills.
‘also… … After all, he is a direct disciple of Buddha.’
said Shura.
“Let’s just listen. What do you want?”
“world.”
His body, which did not respond even to Shura’s touch, was ablaze with desire.
“Gish is also good at politics. Admit it. But, didn’t I lay all the plates?”
Basak turned his head and widened his eyes.
“The head of the World Map Bureau. Wouldn’t you be able to take that position for me?”
Shura’s eyes narrowed.
‘There really is no end.’
She couldn’t have known that Jive was the most promising candidate for the world’s leadership?
‘If Jive eats the world, Iron will be treated the same. He is still not satisfied, and he wants to rise again.’
Basak spoke again.
“Give me the world. Then let me hand over what you really want.”
The truth that shines in lies.
“… … We will do our best.”
As if time had been reversed, she stepped out of bed and turned toward the door.
‘It’s difficult. but……
It seemed that there was no way at all.
In the King’s bed in Tormia Sector, Sirone watched as Pony groaned.
‘I was conscious. Is it a sign of improvement, or… …
Is it a light reflection?
When the doctor finished examining and left the room, Sirone touched Pony’s forehead.
Pony, who had been blinking, recognized him and smiled like she did in school.
“Sirone.”
“are you okay? How are you?”
“Well, I don’t know. How do you look?”
Pony was dying.
“Be patient. ‘Cause I’ll do anything I will definitely save you, until then… …
At that moment, Pony’s eyes widened and blood poured out.
poison of emotions.
The resentment in her heart forced her metabolism to regurgitate endlessly.
Sirone cast Miracle Stream.
‘damn.’
who can appease
The emotions of a woman who had to die in terrible pain surrounded by vicious men.
‘Even that would be resentful. Even words of consolation would make him cough up blood, but it was the strongest flesh ever, amplified to the limit through the hell system.
‘The only way… …
It was to reset the system of the other side world and remove Pony’s demons.
“Hold on a little longer.”
Pony laughed bitterly.
“You don’t deserve that.”
“Where are you qualified to live?”
“It’s all because of my greed. Even if I didn’t try to be king, jeez
There would have been no work.”
“You’re doing that to live, too. In a situation where the royal family is being purged, it was the only option.”
Pony shook her head.
“When I was in school, I hated my pedigree. Others will say that I am full, but in fact it is. A royal family that cannot become a king. It’s like a wizard who can’t use magic.” “Why did you hate royalty? I gave a lot of reasons, but now I think I know. In fact, I wanted it more than anyone else. The title of King.”
“That’s not a bad thing.”
“Did you dream of a king in a fairy tale? I thought he would be different from others, but I thought he could change… …
Pony was sobbing.
“I mean, I really wanted to do well. But Sirone, that’s not going well! It’s so disastrous!”
Watching her cry as she coughed up blood, Sirone bit her lip.
‘contradiction.’
There is a truth that everyone takes for granted, but when you think about it, it becomes terrifying.
‘This world is strange.’
Is it possible that it is a world where you cannot achieve what you want in the first place?
‘I couldn’t have made it this way. A world where everyone is happy was possible enough.’
Is God a pervert with bad taste?
‘no.’
Maybe God created a perfect world, and only humans are making a huge mistake.
‘Thus the mind is erroneous.’
The right thing is empty.
But even knowing that, Jet wanted to pass on his error to the future.
‘Tachyon’s resolution. If that’s the key to connecting with the outside world, at least for myself… …
you can fight god
Just when he was determined, the door opened and Albino, Lufist, and Dante entered.
“You are here.”
The albino smiled and approached.
“I heard you called. You know the situation on the Tormia side. He’s been busy, so hopefully… …
“I’ll do it.”
The albino kept his mouth shut.
“I want to cooperate in making Tormia a world leader. What can I do?”
‘Hmm, this… …
The albino brushed his beard.
‘Exceeding expectations?’
The belligerence flared up again, but he didn’t show it and looked back at Pony.
“How is the condition?”
He had lost consciousness a little while ago, probably because he was excited.
maybe that will be better
“Sit down for now.”
Rufist moved to the table and asked.
“What exactly does it mean to help Tormia? Does that include war?”
“I will not break the will of Yahweh. But if war is advantageous, there is nothing that cannot be waged.”
For once, that much.
“I understand. But why did you change your mind’?”
“We need a focal point. I want to unite humanity around Tormia. More than anything… … We cannot hand over the position of world leader to someone like Gis.”
It seemed that Sirone also felt a lot through this demonstration.
said the albino.
“Since mining Ymir’s Ultima is a long way off, political competence is essential. But would you know? Even if we bring all of humanity together, it will not be true unity.”
“Ultima is done.”
Everyone blinked their eyes at the violent words.
“Of course, we will not give up integration. But now is the time to find the next best thing.”
“So did you find it?”
The sphere surrounding the sun was not disclosed.
“I think I conveyed my opinion sufficiently. Please choose what you will do.”
said the albino.
“hmm. Currently, Tormia’s candidate ranking is 6th. The odds of getting enough votes to become the leader are 16.4 percent.” And I looked back at Dante.
“I am curious too. If Sirone fully supports us, what are the odds?”
After finishing the calculation, Dante opened his mouth.
“… … The albino was not surprised.
“Rather, it fell further. Are you saying that joining hands with Yahweh is the same as holding a bomb?”
“The initial variable is because Yahweh’s name was listed in Arachne’s scandal article. It wouldn’t matter if it was over, but the incident escalated because Geese set fire to it.”
Dante takes all information into account.
“Originally, Yahweh was a symbolic image. But as your name rises in politics, your enemies increase. As much as the protesters are split in half, half the citizens of Jive will hate Yahweh.”
“However, in the temple, citizens have only the right to vote delegated to Gis. Wouldn’t it have nothing to do with the votes of other countries?”
“Of course it is. but… …
Dante’s expression became serious.
“The problem is that the pope’s power is growing. If Yahweh is criticized at the site of the temple, the world’s largest religion, Lamie, will spread it all over the world. Besides, even if it’s a cosmetic procedure, the World Map Bureau is officially approved by the Pope. The variables that Sirone will create are obviously large, but politics is different. It will probably be difficult to get votes.”
rather an unlikely situation.
“Right.”
Albino understood.
“I agree with the intelligence director. It’s embarrassing to say this in front of the person concerned, but what should I do now? Should I decline Sirone’s offer?”
“of course… …
said Dante.
“You have to accept it. We have to risk everything in our country to capture Sirone.”
The albino raised an eyebrow.
“Why?”
“Because it feels good.”
The explanation continued while the audience was silent.
“Just because an ace is in your hand doesn’t mean you win the card game. You have to be a hand and a maid on the floor. But once you have an ace… …
“I feel good.”
“yes. Even if the deck on the floor is a difficult combination to make, if you consider the possibility that your opponent may not be a maid yet, your momentum will increase significantly.”
“Because you don’t know until you open the ballot box.”
Dante nodded.
“Of course, looking at the current situation, Ace is a bad hand. However, if the gap cannot be narrowed with probability anyway, I think Tormia should also bet on the game.”
Lupist raised his chin and blinked his eyes.
“sorry. The informant said something like momentum. This is my personal opinion… …
“no.”
The albino laughed.
“You are the best source of information. Didn’t move 16.4 percent. go with this let’s do it.”
With that conclusion, Sirone opened her mouth.
“Then what can I do?”
“Unanimous. All 11 countries must vote for Tor Mia in order to suppress Lamie’s global public opinion.”
Rufist said.
“Whether it’s threats or bravado, take the ticket from the king by any means. Everything.”

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 1213 - The Veron Problem(2).txt
===============================
Veron problem (2)
Even while Cessia’s minister was reporting on government affairs, Fermi was trapped in a solitary brain.
“… … So, we sent an official letter under consultation with each ministry. What is that, the International Court of Justice.”
The ministers, who were distracted by the medicinal effect of Angel, were relaxed even in the midst of a race against time.
“I had a hard time dealing with this. There is a mountain of work to deal with after the former king has passed away.”
Fermi’s eyes narrowed.
‘How many alternative drugs did you administer?’
If the usage is followed, the angel will reduce the pain to a level that allows for daily life.
Of course, it won’t completely disappear, so the discomfort will be indescribable… … .
‘Why do you keep ignoring usage!’
It was astounding to see those who couldn’t stand that much sitting there as ministers.
‘Whoa.’
Fermi hid his emotions.
“You worked hard. What happened to Lanstin’s whereabouts? We need to get the information within six hours.”
There was no answer.
When Fermi raised his gaze, the ministers were silent with an amused look on their faces.
“Are there any problems?”
“Well, I haven’t had a day off since I came to the temple. Everyone is very tired.”
fatigue?
‘It annoys me.’
Of course, there is a limit to human ability, but isn’t the minister the head of each ministry?
said the chief of staff.
“Your Highness, the workload is too much. Everyone is tired. I can’t stand it like this.”
‘okay.’
That’s called defeat.
If he had rather meekly admitted it and swallowed the bunru, he wouldn’t have been so angry.
‘So what are you saying?’
It is a kind of violence to want a problem to be solved even if the workload is not supported.
Because you want someone else to do it for you.
‘They’re threatening with the fact that they were on the same boat. If she doesn’t want to sink, you have to sacrifice more.’
The contradiction of an organized society in which those who work hard should suffer more.
‘Should I throw it away?’
One minister could be replaced, but the work efficiency of the entire organization had to be calculated.
Above all, time was tight.
‘If you beat it up and throw it out the door, you’ll feel relieved as if your life span has increased by a thousand years… …
Far from solving the problem, Fermi smiled politely.
“Yes. You made an unreasonable demand. I know how much you work for the kingdom.”
There is no emotion.
Knowing that they really thought so upset Fermi’s stomach.
‘Let’s wait.’
It is a fact that I realized even before I learned to write that human beings are self-centered.
‘are you okay. I can do it. no need to blame others I do it because I want it.’
It’s not that you can or can’t, it’s the world that you have to do it anyway.
‘That’s what victory is.’
Fermi modified the original plan.
‘We have no choice but to leave it to the practitioner to find the guitar man. The diplomatic network of each ministry is important. I can handle other tasks. Arrange the most important agenda among the six tasks… …
It takes 23 minutes.
‘no. Cut it down to 18 minutes. After reviewing the diplomatic records of each country, substituting the records of Omega 999… …
At that moment, Fermi’s head spun.
‘how… …
Can the word hard come out so easily?
‘It’s always hard to win. I know even the passing child. It’s about gaining an edge by fighting other people who have the same amount of time as us. But you guys are just… …
Fermi clenched his fists.
‘Chill out. If you let your emotions sway you, you’ll ruin things. I can’t sink here.’
Former King Manolka defined Fermi as:
capable.
A person who is not swayed by circumstances and is able to persevere and endure until he achieves his desired goal.
“Miscellaneous work… … Fermi opened his mouth slowly.
“It’s not particularly important, so I’ll leave it out. Everyone, please put all your energy into finding Lanstin. Any other time is fine to use. Thank you for your effort.”
“I see.”
With nothing more gained, the ministers left the room in a dry manner.
Left alone, Fermi bowed his head.
“Big!”
The condition of emotional illness has worsened.
‘damn.’
The reason Angel cannot be administered is because the brain must maintain 100% of its function.
Sirone’s agape could delay the disease, but it was an option Fermi didn’t have.
‘It must not be entangled in any way.’
We must lead the world with 0.1 percent lies and 99.9 percent truth.
As a last resort, Fermi tightened his grip on his fourth finger and twisted his body.
Accidentally, I broke my bones and the pain hit my brain, but this gave me relief for the time being.
“Whoa.”
Fermi, unable to even think of treatment, leaned his upper body on the desk.
‘mother.’
How did you throw it away?
The driving force that was able to continue the lonely fight while everyone was only for themselves… … .
‘The law of large numbers.’
He was a man with a vision that transcended the criminal.
‘I was impatient. Because my field of vision is narrow, fear arises, and I become intolerant.’ Although it is almost impossible to predict what a human being will do in the next moment.
‘As the sample grows… …
Statistics are accurate, and populations are plotted in predictable patterns.
‘He was a prophet.’
It would not be an exaggeration to say that the sample contained in Yoga’s wide field of vision was the entire human race, and the judgment that came out of it was beyond prediction and reached the level of prophecy.
‘He was the one who even knew about his own death. You must have already seen the end of human history.’
That is why he left his son.
When his emotions calmed down, Fermi slowly got up and healed his broken hand.
Fermi’s eyes turned cold as he looked at the watch on his wrist as he wrapped the bandage.
“… … It’s Harvitz time.”
“Kiki Kiki Kiki!”
Harvits laughed like a madman.
“I don’t know, who am I going to kill? huh? You will never know. Because I don’t know.”
The reason why I was excited like never before was a kind of anger.
After trying to assassinate the king of Corona, he ended up in vain, and as a last resort, he killed the lady-in-waiting.
It wasn’t against the rules, but the sense of shame for playing the game uninterestingly was considerable.
‘It’s already past.’
Havitz, who had no regrets about the past, rather intended to take advantage of this.
“Who is it? Who will die?”
The tension that he didn’t even know was growing as the appointment time approached.
And finally… … .
‘found!’
In the kitchen at Delta Headquarters, a man carrying luggage caught my eye.
Elikia activates.
“Today too… … Kuck!”
As the vanishing shattered, the man felt his neck tear away from his body.
“ha! ha!”
Now, what are you going to do?
‘Wizard.’
She appeared at the same time as the location was captured, so Havitz wet his lips.
“come. This time I… …
And at that moment, through Elikia’s signal, I realized that the wizard was not moving.
Havitz’s impression crumpled.
“Big uh… …
It was because Sirone was standing in front of the wizard.
When Elicia’s light enveloped the headquarters of Delta.
‘One, two, three… …
Heads of state frozen in place
I couldn’t breathe for 10 seconds.
‘dead.’
The man in the kitchen had his throat cut.
“Whoa, it’s okay. That’s it now, forward
One hour.”
someone was relieved
“Damn it. How long do I have to simmer like this? At this rate, I will die of a heart attack first.”
while someone is complaining.
“brother.”
The Wizard said to Sirone.
“No, Master.”
Sirone was speechless.
While Tormia was arranging Code One, The Meeting of Kings, he found the Wizard.
‘Because we had to meet once.’
But when he had her in front of him, he couldn’t think of what to say.
‘ first of all??????
got stronger
Even when he finished training, he was perfect, but his eyes seemed to have crossed one more wall.
However, those strong eyes softened as soon as he caught Sirone’s face in his eyes.
“sorry.”
The assassination of Harvitz failed.
Of course, they are still fighting, but the result Sirone wanted was never going to be.
“I am in charge… …
“Wizard.”
When Sirone stopped talking, Wizard shook his shoulders as if he had committed a crime.
“sorry.”
Since he was already a child beyond logic, all he could say was sincere.
“I made you bleed. because of me.”
It should have been once, but how much did you want that once in your life to be the last?
“I dragged you into hell. So let’s stop now. Get off the battlefield.”
Wizard was furious.
‘You’re disappointed. If only I had been a little stronger… …
In any case, I couldn’t resist.
‘It’s over.’
On the one hand, I feel relieved at the thought of being able to get away from Havitz.
‘no.’
Her steps stopped abruptly.
‘This is a risky gamble. It can’t end here.’
God’s frequency.
The moment she unlocked her heart, Havits would know everything.
‘I can’t escape.’
until the truth is revealed.
At the spot where he committed the murder, Havits remained motionless and focused on his senses.
‘It’s blocked.’
Just as he was about to feel something through God’s frequency, the Wizard closed his mind.
‘You said you loved me.’
If her heart goes to Sirone, the game automatically wins for Harbitz.
‘No, if there is even a little kindness, my heart will be inclined to lies.’
If so.
At the time, even Havitz himself could not imagine what would emerge from the chaos.
Wizard said.
“The mission is not over yet. Please give me one last chance.”
I guess the reason for the sudden change of attitude, but Sirone firmly shook her head.
“I am not blaming you. I can’t let Satan play this game. Now hand it over to me.”
“It’s not Master’s responsibility. Since the failed assassination, this is my fight.”
Sirone gave a pitiful look.
“I know why you are doing this. But from now on… …
The moment he grabbed the wizard’s wrist, the incarnation of the free god appeared and swayed loudly.
“?… “Chogong.”
It is unavoidable.
It felt like the door to my heart would really open if I held on here any longer.
‘White porcelain power!’
The wizard had delivered the most powerful blow to Sirone with all his might.
bang!
One frame disappeared, and the walls of the building exploded as the air expanded.
“ha. ha.”
Wizard glared ahead.
‘I’m sorry, Master.’
At that moment, the dust cloud lifted and Sirone appeared, enveloped in smoke of light.
“Yes, you are really strong.”
While the Wizard dazed in a state without a single wound, Sirone laughed bitterly.
“But who do you think taught you?”
“ah??????
If incarnation is the expression of the ego, Sirone could be said to be her superego.
“Honestly, if I hadn’t known, I would have been beaten. but i know you well so… …
Wizard’s heart beat fast.
‘happy.’
It felt like half of the sense of cosmic mission had been reduced just by blocking his own blow.
‘You can lean on at any time… … my only adult
“so… …
Sirone opened his mouth after thinking.
“I won’t follow your will this time. win instead. A disciple of Yahweh to Satan
Can’t you lose?”
The Wizard’s fists clenched.
‘it’s okay!’
that has been proved
On the other hand, Sirone’s heart ached as she looked at the happy Wizard.
‘A seven-year-old who transcended the limit.’
Although he blocked it, it was true that it was a technique that no one could imitate.
Sirone gave one last piece of advice.
“you can do it. whatever it is yes?”
The Wizard, who was pondering those words, put on a cold expression and raised one corner of his mouth.
all.
“yes.”
It was a perfect pitch.

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 1214 - The Veron Problem(3).txt
===============================
Veron problem (3)
Although the procedure for Code One to be successful was complicated, there were less than 12 hours left before voting.
The diplomats of each country exercised flexibility, and so the albino met the prime minister of Arachne.
“Hey, you’ve served a difficult person.”
Prime Minister Phaedra was not a king, but he was arrogant as Arachne’s powerhouse.
“Thormia seems to be in a hurry too. Is there a problem? If it’s an urgent matter, you can move.”
The albino shook his head, knowing that Arachne’s organs were beautiful.
“It’s done. Are you going to kill the old man?”
“Chuck! What are you so afraid of, Sana? Just leave it to me. I will take care of you.”
“I’m requesting Code One from Arachne.”
Phaedra’s laugh disappeared.
‘Has this old man gone senile?’
Jive, the No. 1 candidate for the world’s leading country
Arachne allied with Code One.
Above all, isn’t there no way that negotiations would be possible just because you met the king who was only a facade?
“Are you going to complicate things? If you have any regrets, please tell me. And to hear… … I know that His Highness Pony is also in poor health.”
“I will not hide it. His Highness Pony is not coming out.”
“then?”
“Yahweh.”
Phaedra’s eyebrows twitched.
“Yahweh will negotiate on behalf of Tormia. You should know that he is from Tormia. Of course, the negotiations will be with your King, not with you.”
Pedra did not understand what the old man was talking about.
‘Are you inviting Yahweh? In this situation?’
Unless there are only idiots in Tormia, you should already know that the momentum has declined.
‘Should have done it before the jive scandal broke. The pope never approves of Yahweh.’
thus… … .
‘Where’s the fix?’ The jive and the string fell off, and this country was making the last desperate effort.
“haha.”
said Phaedra.
“Honestly, I was a bit disappointed. Will you threaten me if I don’t have enough to offer you? If it comes out like that, do you think I’ll get it and approve Code One?”
“I don’t know.”
The albino didn’t blink an eye.
“What I am saying is that Yahweh wants to meet the king of Arachne. Of course, this is just the beginning. If you have the confidence to handle it, get up and leave now.” The world’s strongest wizard, the representative of humanity, the Five Great Stars of the Ivory Tower, and the philanthropy of the times.
Yahweh is Yahweh.
‘I’m going to go crazy.’
Albinos are just the beginning, he said.
‘What are you going to do? Are you going to go to war against the whole country? Even Yahweh is hard to beat.’
But also.
‘… … I can’t even see it as losing.’
When Phaedra’s conflict was finally revealed on his face, the albino’s eyes stood out.
‘I’ll have no choice but to do it.’
Being the weakest among the Jive allies means that they are extremely sensitive to changes in the current.
‘I can’t help it if I push it with momentum. There’s a difference between a really strong guy and a guy who pretends to be strong.’
“Why aren’t you meeting me? You should know that everything in the kingdom runs through my hands.”
“Because I don’t have the right to vote.” “Listen. You’d think they’d all won, but each country only gets one right. Rom, Garto, and Temica. On the day of the vote, Arachne is only one of the 12 countries.”
The albino lowered his voice.
“And you are not the one voting. Whether it be a puppet king or a real puppet, the king himself walks into the ballot box, signs it, and puts it in the ballot box.”
What choice the king will make at the last moment is a matter of quantum, not law.
Phaedra bit her lip.
‘Until I open the lid, there’s no such thing as 100 percent.’
“think carefully. If you’re really confident, do it. But you don’t have to tell me what will happen if you don’t get the results you want.”
Phaedra took a cigarette and lit it.
Then, with the smoke in my mouth, I stared blankly at the floor next to the chair.
The albino smiled inwardly.
‘Dante. You did it right.’
Sirone is the ace of this game.
‘Even if the situation is adversely affected, even if the odds may drop.’
Dante knew.
‘If Sirone extends his hand, there is not a single nation in the holy war that will not take that hand.’
It was a magical power called the best.
‘It’s not just because I’m strong. The power of the concept of the best is that it ignores relativity.’
That’s why, in a situation where the card that everyone wants to have has now entered Tormia… … .
‘it’s over.’
The albino laughed to himself.
‘Humans don’t spend more than a minute making judgments. In the unconscious, the decision has already been made. All it takes is the process of convincing him that he made the right choice.
Phaedra, who had kept her mouth shut until she had burned a cigarette, spat out a low curse.
Then he smiled and turned his head.
“I know it’s a bluff. You’re trying to hook me up now. I would be a real fool if I went over here.”
The albino was unconcerned.
“Whoa! yes.”
Phaedra nodded.
“The plate is too big. I know I’m being fooled, but I can’t bet. I will fall. Instead, if they eat the plate, I won’t touch it.”
“I will.”
He lit a cigarette in the ashtray and leaned out.
“Go ahead, Code One.”
Fermi organized Omega 999 based on diplomatic documents collected by ministers.
‘Value judgment later.’
First of all, if the events are arranged logically and the structure is matched, the outline will be revealed.
‘The country that will become the world leader… … iron kingdom.
Fermi, who was looking at the name of the kingdom with cold eyes, was busy playing with the pen.
Time was running out.
‘Where should I cut the information? I never thought that a broken file would be this fatal… …
Fermi, who finished the work with great concentration, put it in an envelope and sealed it.
‘Once completed.’
Thinking of a funny idea, he smiled.
‘How much is this document?’
If it were a file that organized all the information about the future, especially the World Map Bureau.
‘About half of this planet… …
I didn’t even need to know exactly how much.
“haha.”
It just wasn’t a fun idea.
“I became the richest man in the world.”
I vaguely thought that one day it would happen, but when it became a reality, I felt strange.
“Hmm.”
I counted 10 seconds with a gentle smile on my face.
“All right, now.”
Just as Sirone became an infinite wizard
This, even Fermi, finally realized his dream.
‘Now, there is only one thing left.’
And when that was done, I would be satisfied for the first time in my life.
“Your Highness, a member of the World Health Organization is seeking an audience outside.”
It was Seriel.
“Ask me to come in.”
Seriel, who had passed through the inspection process, was smiling, but her eyes were uneasy.
“What are you doing at this hour? Did you miss it that much?”
“Pe, Fermi.”
Her face gradually contorted, and a tear flowed from one eye.
“Run away!”
Seriel’s face showed real emotion, as if she had been freed from something.
At the same time, a silhouette shimmered beside her, and a woman resembling a snake appeared.
“Shh. It’s bitter when a lady screams like that.”
Shura, 7th in the Order of the Ten Commandments, hugged Seriel by the neck and gave her a cold gaze.
“I’m sorry, Fermi. I never meant to let go, but this woman is taking over my mind… …
“are you okay.”
Rather fortunately.
If the body faction had kidnapped Seriel, she would have fought even to the point of death.
Fermi turned to Shura.
“Would you like some tea? Where, what tea should I drink? This is not on the record.”
“You know the future, too. And the fact that I’m coming back with this woman.”
“There is no need to mention the future. Oh, I was the only one who went to Apocalypse
Because you are.”
It was the reason Shura thought of Fermi when Bassac asked for the world.
“I know you’re digging for information. give it away Otherwise, this woman will die.”
Seriel shook her head.
“No, Fermi.”
I can’t understand their conversation, but somehow it’s bad for Fermi.
“Back to the beginning… …
Fermi walked over to the table and poured tea.
“There are two types of tea in my room. Caffeine and decaf. the future me
What tea would you like?” “It doesn’t matter. What really matters is whether I would have followed the same car even if I had known the future information.”
Shura understood.
“Which country will become the leader?”
“Iron.”
Here comes the problem.
“Now, then why iron? Number one, because that is the future. Number 2 is because you came and took the information of the future. Number 3, even when you come and take the information of the future, it is because it is recorded in the information of the future.”
“The answer is… …
Shura spat.
“Three times. Otherwise, you cannot know the future that I will come to.”
“okay. Even if you know the information of the future, even the information obtained from that future becomes the future. So you are wrong. The answer is… …
Fermi picked up the papers.
“Four times. It has to be because I, knowing that even that is the future, handed over this document to you.”
That’s the most accurate description.
“In other words, the moment I destroy this document, the world map station will change.”
“Can I?”
“doesn’t care. Iron is the only one who loses money by destroying the documents. Because other countries don’t even know I have this information.”
Shura widened her eyes and tightened Seriel’s neck.
“It really kills.”
When Fermi calmly opened his mouth, Seriel spoke.
“Kill.”
now i know everything
‘It’s future information.’ In a situation where the future could change just by knowing that fact, he was fighting alone.
‘That’s enough.’
Knowing the truth, she was able to laugh.
“It’s okay, Fermi. do what you want to do You must not give up because of me.”
“shut up. I will kill you for real.”
Even when Shura strangled Seriel, Fermi did not show emotion.
‘Seriel, Amy is going to die soon. I proposed to Sirone. She said she shouldn’t live.’
Then what about Seriel?
“Kei!”
The moment Shura made an evil expression like a snake and was about to break Seriel’s neck.
“ruler.”
Fermi held out the papers.
‘Let’s not run away.’
Even if you are criticized by the whole world.
“Ouch! Kuck!”
As Seriel fell to the floor out of breath, Fermi threw the papers like a commendation.
“take it. It is future information.”
Quickly snatching it up, Shura opened the envelope with her fingernails and checked the contents.
“… … joy.”
Then, as he glared at the two of them alternately, he evaporated like air on the spot.
” are you okay?”
The moment Fermi bent down to check Seriel’s condition, he immediately heard a bruise.
“You crazy child! What if I give you that!”
“I do not prophesy. you’re going to hit me on the right cheek 100 million!”
Fermi, who was hit in the stomach, stepped back.
“You said, number four. It’s not 1, 2, 3 times. You can’t give it to Shura.”
Because it is the future that contains Fermi’s will.
“Then you die.”
“It’s a trifle! You missed the only chance to change the future! You should have killed me!”
“Because I can’t kill you… …
Fermi laughed bitterly, clutching his stomach.
“It is the future.”
The option of killing Seriel was nowhere in Fermi’s mind.
“this… … idiot.”
Feeling both moved and scared, she buried her face in Fermi’s arms.
“… … What are you going to do now?”
“I got hit once, so I have to return it 12 times.”
Seriel’s head lifted.
“Is there a way?”
Winking at her, Fermi threw a chip into the air with his thumb.
“Transactions in Depreciation.”

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 1215 - The Veron Problem(4).txt
===============================
Veron problem (4)
The ability name is image copy.
It is a magic that can be extracted by printing out what I memorized in my head, and it belongs to eating out of the rules.
“This is quite expensive. because… …
When Fermi activated his magic, the paper he was holding earlier was duplicated.
“Because it can drastically reduce the labor force. Once you memorize them all, you can keep printing them.” It was because time was running out.
“so? What are you going to do with it?”
“Information entropy. The value of information depends on how many people know it. For example… …
Fermi made a face.
“It’s just the two of us. It should never leak out, right?”
Seriel’s face flushed slightly.
“do you want to die?”
“Anyway, that’s it. The people who know the information about the present future are me and Shura. Perhaps even the King of Iron will know… …
Fermi handed over the papers.
“Now, take one.”
Knowing the value of the document, Seriel had no choice but to accept it even though she knew it was a joke.
And I realized.
“You, can’t you?”
“okay. Information that everyone knows is worthless. From now on, I will mail this document to all 12 temple countries. In short, this information is worth shit.”
“But is it okay to do that? If everyone finds out, it will be out of control from then on. I wonder if there is a way to update the information.”
“That’s not allowed.” Now that Omega 999 has come to an end, it would be impossible to go back to Apocalypse.
‘Even if I go, mining will be impossible.’
God’s intervention was almost certain.
“There is no need to renew. Does the document contain information about the Temple Directorate? I didn’t include anything really important.”
Of course I’m not interested.
“Important information?”
When Fermi, recalling Amy’s death, kept silent, Seriel didn’t ask anymore.
‘I’m sorry, Sirone.’
The reason she apologizes to her eternal antagonist is that the only person who accepts her thoughts is Sirone.
‘No one…
Even if you know the death of a loved one, you won’t try to erase the memory.
Leaving Seriel behind, he opened the window and watched countless events outside the Delta.
‘The time of the end.’
Feeling the world’s compass spinning, Fermi raised his hand.
‘Image copy.’
Fermi, holding dozens of documents with the same content in his hand, asked in a low voice.
“How far can humans see?”
won’t run away
‘I am the son of Yolgah.’
one who sees far
No, to become the one who sees the end.
Turning his head again, Fermi threw a bundle of papers all at once toward the window.
As the white paper flew like a butterfly, everyone outside the headquarters turned their heads.
“What is that?”
Fermi turned to Seriel and smiled.
“Zero entropy.”
so that… … The future was back at square one.
Meanwhile, after receiving information from Fermi, Shura walked down the hallway with cold eyes.
I looked through the papers quickly, but I didn’t care about the World Map Bureau.
Rather, what filled her mind was the topic Fermi threw.
‘It’s called the Veron problem.’
It was a story about an iron pole planted by Veron, the 1st in the Order of the Ten Commandments, in the Kingdom of Iron.
‘His will is still imprinted in that time and space beyond the law.’
An iron core planted in the world.
‘Can humans truly change the future?’
Even if you knew the future and took other actions, what if even that was a pre-determined future?
‘Veron wanted to take the matter to the limit. It’s not just one philosophical pillar. Even now, the iron pole is stuck in place, enduring the divine law.’
If God pulls out that pillar, it will be God’s victory, but if he doesn’t… … .
‘Humans can change.’
It will create a future completely different from God’s will.
‘I’m waiting.’
Shura held the papers in her hand.
As long as there is iron pole in Iron Kingdom, she will listen to what the king wants.
‘Until the true king returns.’
Sirone’s face was pale as she climbed the ivory tower.
‘There is no end.’ The demons were divided into 1st, 2nd, and 3rd armies and occupied key points on each floor.
“Kill Yahweh… … !”
Caught in the flash of the Miracle Stream, the demons screamed and rolled on the floor.
“Kuaaa!”
Originally, it should have been purified already, but it was all that half of the body had melted.
‘It’s gotten stronger.’
Above all, it was a question of how much stronger Baal, the commander of the 1st Corps, would have become than before.
“Kill! Don’t be afraid of extinction! The more we resist, the more Yahweh will suffer!”
The demons lost their fear.
‘It’s not bravery.’
Making others unhappy is more important than your own happiness… … .
‘Ataraxia.’
Is it an unavoidable demonic nature?
“Kuaaa!”
In front of the amplified power again, this time even the demons could not maintain their shape.
In the place where the flash passed, only a pair of demons’ ankles remained.
“ha! ha!”
Sirone regained his sanity again.
‘It’s dragging out time.’
It was a strategy for Baal to remove Taeseong while keeping Sirone tied up here.
Of course, the stars of the ivory tower are guarding the upper floors, so it won’t be easy to reach them.
I wasn’t sure anymore.
Passing between the demons with only their ankles left, Sirone was filled with emotions.
“There is no human being who rejoices in the misfortune of others.”
Just because you’re not happy right now, because there’s no other way to be happy.
“It’s just following the methodology of evil.” I want to believe that.
Sirone also hates evil, and thinks that he should take responsibility for the consequences.
‘I want to believe that I can change.’
If good and evil are determined simply by the cause, what on earth can human beings choose?
Chagall screamed.
“It doesn’t change!”
His mind was half blown away by Etella’s pain transmitted through the chains of Taegeuk.
“What do you guys know?”
Tears of blood flowed from Chagall’s eyes as he killed any demons that stood in his way.
If all the past is just a memory fabricated by God.
“You haven’t lived like me!” Can anyone become Chagall?
“I am evil! Absolutely evil! I will kill them all! If I kill everyone and only I am left… …
Will this resentment go away then?
“Aaaaaaa!”
In great pain, Chagall fell to his knees.
Ethella’s bitter feelings fuel Chagall’s anger, and that anger is returned to Ethella.
In this way, Taegeuk grew without knowing its limits.
-Remaining purification time 82 years 873 7,601 trillion… … ha… … .
I heard the informator’s sigh.
It was an obvious broadcast accident, but Riona, the informator at the chemical company, didn’t care.
‘Four years of time evaporated at once.’ Such a huge up.
Of course I knew it, but when they first came to the world, Leona couldn’t imagine it.
How the hell am I going to purify this karma?
‘This is the result.’
I thought deeply about the conclusion of the two people who seemed to be in hell until the end of the universe.
Vivian, in charge of Lian, asked.
“Leona, what are you doing? Instructions should be accurate. What if the boss finds out?”
“well. I suddenly have this idea. What is the use of all this? Maybe we too…
I know because they were also administrators.
“This will be the last time.”
The fact that it’s not long before God closes the world.
“It was fun, we.”
After rubbing Vivian’s hand on her shoulder, Leona turned her gaze back to Vision.
“Humanity’s Last Evil.”
As an informator in charge, I felt a sense of duty to watch Chagall’s final stage.
Sirone is sure.
‘If you can’t choose, there’s no integration.’ Therefore, Gaians who have reached an integrated mental system are those who have mastered the mind.
‘Because I’ve seen their world.’ Everyone understands each other, so it doesn’t matter what happens to this universe.
‘Towards that stage… …
Arriving on the 23rd floor, Sirone caught sight of the dreary scenery waiting for her.
3-star villager Arte and satellite Tokei lay on the floor with their heads cut off.
‘The balance part is annihilated.’
On one side, Heukgangshi of the Ministry of Law, Tanjura, the Supreme Court, and his satellite Daeho were knocked down.
“Keugh!”
When he confirmed that Heukangshi had stopped breathing, Tanjura let out a harsh groan.
“Miss Tanjura!”
Sirone hurriedly ran and cast Miracle Stream, but to no avail.
‘Already dead.’
Tanjura, whose upper body was left, struggled to raise the corner of her mouth.
“Supreme Judge’s verdict, probation. Until Oh Dae-seong came, I maintained a pitiful spirit.”
With the heart stopped, only the brain was operating.
“What happened?”
“As you can see… … annihilated by Baal. The guy became a monster. A man-made monster.”
Sirone gritted his teeth.
“I did my best to hold on. If you follow quickly, you should be able to make it in time.”
He wanted to head to the top floor right now, but he couldn’t let go of his attachment to Tanjura.
Tanjoura shook her head.
“It’s okay, I’m dead. If there is one thing that is unfair, it is to leave without being told the correct answer.”
Is Thing right?
“I believe that no one can know the truth of another person. That would be the limit of my intellect. but… …
Tanjura put her hand on Sirone’s shoulder.
“I must be wrong. Yes?”
At the last moment of his life, it seems that the answer Tanjura wanted to hear was different from his intellect.
” I am??????
Sirone also knows.
Suppressing the tears that fill up, all he can say is a huge hope.
“I believe so. I will definitely prove it.” Tanjura laughed bashfully.
And as if he didn’t want to burden him any more, life quickly drained from his pupils.
“Whoa.”
Sirone’s chin trembled, but the eyes glaring upward were full of life.
“Magic.”
The rightness that everyone knows collapses like a sandcastle in the face of turbid desire and anger.
‘These… … I wanted to protect it until the end.’
The light of intelligence was going out.
Ivory Tower 2() 1st floor.
The first group of demons following Baal were slowly killing the residents of the Ivory Tower.
“As expected, it’s something to be seen becoming stronger. No matter what you say about intelligence, in the end it won’t work for us.” The demons who were passing their time in that way suddenly turned their gaze toward the stairs.
“Hoo’?”
Sirone was walking towards him as if soaked in blood.
“what? why are you so late Now that I see it, Yahweh is really lazy too? what about… …
The smoke of light hovered over the demon’s body, and flesh scattered in its place as if it were about to explode.
While the demons who finally grasped the atmosphere erased their laughter, Sirone spoke.
“I believe there is nothing that cannot be changed.”
“Hey, the admonition… …
“But you guys don’t change.”
The demons shut their mouths.
“Just don’t change. Stay as evil in front of my eyes. Even if it’s just for a few seconds.”
“Isn’t that obvious?”
Sirone desperately suppressed her heart.
“Still, I have to believe that you guys can repent. I really hope so. however… … I hope you don’t.”
Opoo……”
The demons burst into laughter.
“Puhahaha! what is he talking about now? Yahweh, have you been drinking? Why is this gibberish?”
“Why?”
Sirone’s eyes widened.
“I was really angry.”
The moment Yahweh’s anger exploded, blinding light filled the 2nd floor.

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 1216 - Last 5 Hours(1).txt
===============================
Last 5 Hours(1)
Green Ocean.
The tribal war intensified with the joining of the angels.
“Damn it!”
While the 12 apostles were scattered, the one dealing with Uriel was the fire dragon Inpercus.
The goon of paradise rotated with a roar, and Uriel flew away like the wind.
“The war is over.”
Infercus, who was attacked by the archangel’s flesh bullets, hugged his thick chest.
“You are talking nonsense.”
The battle setting changed, and half of Infercus’ face began to distort like a monster.
Eventually, the upper part of her neck turned into a dragon, and she fired a small breath into Yuriel’s face.
“Quoooooo!” When I kicked the steaming Yuriel in her face, it flew dozens of meters and landed on her floor.
“You’re annoying me.”
The machine dragon Argan and the black dragon Aviris, who discovered it in the sky, landed next to her.
Argan had a troubled expression.
“What if I use a breath? If you do this, the elven forest will burn down. Have you forgotten what the Messiah said? Don’t break taboos unless you’re protecting someone… …
“Are you kidding me? Can’t you see all the angels came in? I’m not in a position to back and forth now. We have to win to protect the elves.”
Abyris slowly stood up.
“what.”
A dark-skinned female warrior, with a strong impression, began to light up amber.
“Was it like that?”
After releasing the polymorph, she became a 20-meter-long black dragon and soared into the sky.
“Krrrrrr.”
The moment they looked down at the ground with fearful eyes, both the apostle and the angel raised their heads at the same time.
“I-that… …
It was the apostle who was more surprised than the angel.
“That crazy!”
The moment the apostles hurriedly flung their bodies, Abiris opened her jaw and cast a breath.
‘The shadow of the abyss.’ A dot smaller than a fingernail was imprinted on the ground, then spread at a frightening speed and engulfed the forest.
Darkness has no substance.
Therefore, there is nothing, and all life on earth experienced the realm of perfect nothingness.
Because he couldn’t even feel where his limbs were attached, his power of action was zero.
‘I’m completely stranded.’
Abyss’s breath, the shadow of the abyss, that embodies the abyss of the other side world in a desired place.
The charging time was 12 hours, which was the fifth longest delay among the 12 apostles.
Abyris laughed.
“Ha ha ha! Experience the terrible nothingness! I am the Black King’s Wide Dragon, Abiris!”
Peyton shouted.
“You are laughing! You are just a crazy dragon! What would have happened if we were involved?”
As the other apostles arrived in the sky one by one, Abiris raised a long brow.
“Hey, is this good? Now I feel like fighting a little. What are you doing? You guys do too.”
“But will you be scolded by the Messiah? You’re negative about forces you can’t control.”
The dragon Argan raised his index finger and said.
“Oh, that’s fine. Mr. Inpercus was supposed to be in charge. We are not doing well.”
“hey! How can you say that…
The moment Inpercus was about to argue, Thunder Dragon Blitz spoke.
“No one came.”
The eyes of the apostles turned to the darkness of the abyss that completely covered the Green Ocean.
“Who is that lesser apostle?” After quickly identifying the 11 members, they could not criticize the remaining apostles on the ground.
“Honbaekryong.”
In the huge abyss where even he lost himself, the white dragon, Assryker, was on his knees.
She has the best ego and is a favorite of all living things.
“Is it the abyss?”
In the realm of nothingness, it was shining so beautifully that even that had no meaning.
“Do something useless.”
As an apostle who was afraid of being disliked by Messiah, it took a lot of courage to make a decision.
As her gaze into the darkness became hazy, her body spread in white light.
After canceling the polymorph, Assriker’s true form is a pure white dragon made up of spiritual bodies.
“Whewyyyyyyy!”
It had a sharp impression like that of a fox, but except for the huge eyes, it was terrifying because it was blank.
Breath – White Bone’s Wrath.
Even in the abyss, the skeletal spirits that glowed shrieked and spread in all directions.
Charging time is only 6 hours.
The soul of the being pierced by the white bone’s wrath recognizes itself as a perfect death state.
‘Eternals, those with transcendental will, and inanimate objects cannot be breathed, but… …
It was an ability that could cause mass destruction when activated with Shadow of the Abyss.
The angels fell to the ground as the forest, which they felt was already dead, was drying to black.
“Huh!”
Since it has a lifespan of eternity, there is no extinction, but the fear of death shook my mind.
“That is your grave.”
After casting Polymorph again, Asriker sat down and savored the abyss.
Poine smiled.
“Major. It’s spectacular.”
The forest looked like a giant hole.
And in the darkness, countless white-bone spirits were wandering around in disarray.
“I did it in the end. As-Skiker is also an accomplice.”
Poine looked back at Blitz, ignoring the words of Inpercus, who was obsessed with it until the end.
“How many hours do you have left?” Thunder Dragon Blitz was silent.
“Don’t pretend you don’t know. With Karatorsa’s disappearance, we lost our core. If I had to convey something, I would have done it to you. Omega 999. How long before it ends?”
Dragons are the apostles of time.
If it was a Mudeungryong who went through 999 years from the 1st year of Omega, it would have been possible to roughly calculate it.
“from now on… …
Blitz opened his mouth.
“Five hours.”
Silence passed.
“According to Karatorsa-sama, today is the last day of history as determined by God. But it’s just an estimate.”
Light Dragon Phaeton said.
“Messiah must have guessed too. I got an omega. After all, you only need to protect the elf for 5 hours, right? The shadow of the abyss will also remain for a while. Is it easy?”
If all 12 apostles broke the taboo, they would be able to stop it for about 5 hours.
“There must be a variable.”
Poine was not vigilant.
“Did we expect angelic support? It’s not a battle of power. If the elves are completely destroyed, the war will be lost.”
“Then how do you kill it? We are blocking it.”
“well… …
Poine’s eyes narrowed.
‘What plan are those little things plotting?’
Melkidoo’s middle layer.
While Pena, who was not an accomplice, went into hiding, Sirone and the others wandered around the warehouse at the port.
Of course, the security was tight, and in order to open a warehouse, the guard had to be bought.
“stop. who is there?”
When first caught by the patrols, Sirone figured out the conditions for disarming them.
“Oh, that’s because I got lost.”
“Lost? what time is it now And you guys users… …
“Give me a chance to convince you.”
The patrol immediately changed their words.
“Oh yeah. My personality is timid. The number of points required for one persuasion is 1 million points.”
‘Surprisingly cheap.’
However, once they entered the dice showdown, the level of difficulty was incomparable to that of the store clerk.
Of course, difficulty is irrelevant to Sirone.
“Quantum collapse!”
Let’s succeed at once, the patrol said with a smile.
“what? you are a good boy But be careful. If we meet again, I won’t forgive you then.”
‘In addition, one-time persuasion.’
After searching for about 3 hours in Melkidu time, the party came to a realization.
“Most of the items in the warehouse are food used in the capital or items of users. If you keep going like this, there will be no end.” Eden added.
“Even if the persuasion money is cheap, you can’t keep buying it. Your clothes get wet in the drizzling rain.”
There were about 20 warehouses they investigated.
“You will earn points by selling items, but you have to go through the middle floor. It is useless here.”
said Iruki.
“Now I only have three points to try. I want to leave about 7,000. Even 50 million people might have a middle leg to convince the chief of the guard.”
“Then let’s do just three more.” Nade turned around and pointed to a small warehouse that immediately caught his eye.
“How is it over there?”
“Two guards? It’s less efficient.”
“It’s a gamble now. I have no choice but to try something I haven’t done before. Follow me. I will tell you.”
As they walked along, two guards held out their spears and shouted terribly.
“stop! owl! Give me a password!”
“Hey, let’s buy some.”
The guards, who had been looking at each other with a bewildered look on their faces, lowered their windows.
“good. My personality… …
After the purchase was over, the guards left the warehouse door after giving them 10 minutes.
“found.”
The moment he opened the door, Nade felt it.
“Royal supplies.”
Since it was used by those who manage the system, the rating was of course the highest.
“Because if the user has a stronger item, he can’t control it. But more than this… …
Iruki pointed to an unsealed, medium-sized box that probably arrived tonight.
“Don’t you think this would be more fun?”
“sympathy.”
When everyone gathered and looked at the lid of the box, there was a label that said ‘subject to censorship’.
‘It’s not an official registered product.’
When I removed the nails and looked inside, I found various items neatly wrapped in plastic.
What you get is… … .
“Look at this. Fast Recovery Pass Necklace. The description is written in strange code, so I don’t know.”
“look.”
Sirone confirmed.
“It’s a hidden code. This is an item that can break through Melkidu’s physical barrier. It’s probably used when a building collapses or there’s a problem with an underground facility. According to the description, it says to fix the bug that couldn’t penetrate the existing underground water, and to improve the ability to pass through iron walls of 3 meters or more.”
Eden said.
“The reason it is subject to censorship is probably because it is tested before being applied to the system. in short… … It’s an item that even the manager doesn’t have yet.” Nade had already picked it up. “How many can I bring? Five?”
“Six.”
“Oh right. Mr. Curtis is there too.”
Iruki pushed back Nade, who was holding a jeweled necklace in his arms.
“Look out. I’ll see.”
What Iruki found was a guard registration card.
“Security was an option. If we have this, we will be guards too. on the system.”
Everyone who understood Iruki’s words lit up their eyes.
“aha.”
And after 10 minutes.
“What, you guys! I’m sure I’ll give you 10 minutes… … ! huh?”
The two guards who had shouted at Sirone and the others blinked for a moment.
“Loyalty! Nothing beyond the boundary!”
Nade, wearing an officer’s name tag, cleared his throat and walked towards them.
“Hmmmm! yes, good job All right’?”
“yes! doesn’t exist!”
“You have a lot of trouble late at night.”
“no! Sacrificing for the kingdom is my calling!”
“Chuck! I’m all proud to hear you say it. Then give me a little help. Come on, go.” As Sirone and his party followed suit, the guards raised their weapons and shouted.
“Go carefully! Loyalty!”
Sirone and the others who came out of the warehouse giggled, and Nade turned around while waving his registration card.
“sorry.”
The box was empty.

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 1217 - Last 5 Hours(2).txt
===============================
Last 5 Hours(2)
When I arrived at the meeting place after packing the goods in the warehouse, Pena was already meeting the captain.
“How is it?”
“Good. I’ll tell you later.”
The captain also said that the purchase had already been completed, but it seemed better to talk about it in a place where he was not.
said the captain.
“Let’s start slowly. To be clear, I am a guide. I’m not sure if I’ll be able to buy the head of the guard. I am a strict principled person.” After leaving the port, Sirone’s party entered the royal castle, to be precise, through the back gate of the royal castle.
It had the same structure as the real castle, and many people were working non-stop.
Iruki said.
“It’s a program where each of them plays their part. Maintaining the huge world of Melkidu will not be an easy task. From what I’ve played so far, it’s honestly a well-made system.”
Sirone agreed, but was heartbroken about the reason for creating such a world.
‘Cain.’
According to Omega’s records, he was the son of Mitochondrial Eve, more precisely the son of Lilith.
“Here.”
The captain pointed to the captain’s office and knocked.
“come in.”
When I opened the door and went in, a hard-looking man with scars on his face was waiting for me.
“Hello, Captain of the Guard. Here’s a list of supplies that arrived tonight. Your signature, please.”
It was a process that required high privileges.
The captain of the guard, who was slowly going through the documents, glared at the party with only his gaze.
“What are they?”
“that is??????
Sirone came out.
“My colleague is falsely accused and is in prison. I ask for mercy.”
Once the purchase was successful, the logic was irrelevant, but I couldn’t bear to do it like Nade did.
“colleague? who?”
According to Curtis’ information, someone must be in prison to bribe the chief of the guard.
“This is Curtis.”
The guard’s eyes changed.
“no. That guy is a felon. Even if the crimes are listed in terms of murders and stolen goods, dozens of documents come out. I can’t let him go.”
“No, Mr. Curtis is innocent in Melkidoo. Please give me a chance to convince the captain of the guard.” He glared at Sirone fearfully before opening his mouth.
“Are you going to convince me? My personality is stubborn. The cost of persuasion is 50 million points.”
It was as expected.
“yes.”
When Sirone answered, the captain’s office turned into a phased space, leaving only the accomplices.
message was heard.
-The buyout program has been triggered. Destroy the captain’s principles with crime dice.
From the other side of the phase space, the guard captain walked.
‘Is this unexpected?’
While Sirone and the others panicked, the guard captain took out his crime dice.
Nade, who saw the four 8-sided dice, wrinkled his brow.
“What, are you stronger than us? Wasn’t persuasion about winning with the same dice?”
Sirone’s party’s dice were 3 7-sided dice, and the number of eyes and dice was one level lower.
The captain of the guard smiled coldly.
“Heh, I don’t know who I bought to get to this point, but I will be different.”
Sirone sensed it.
‘Principalist. Unlike other managers, the captain of the guard doesn’t break his own rules.’
message was heard.
-Crime points will be deducted according to the number of dice rolled by each other. One Crime Dice eye is worth 10,000 points. The team or user that first reduces the opponent’s crime points to zero wins.
“Pooh!”
Nade realized the seriousness of the situation.
‘It’s not a one-time match. 3 of the 7 faces can basically get 42 points, including doubles. I don’t know how many points the captain of the guard has, but Sirone can’t handle it alone. In the end, we also have to roll.’
Iruki asked.
“What is the guard’s crime point?”
-50 million points.
Eden made a puzzled expression.
“On the other hand, we… …
Since 50 million points were deducted a while ago, there are approximately 8 million points left.
‘If 800 marks on the dice are gathered by simple calculation, we are bankrupt.’
Sirone put her chin on her head and thought.
‘This is what Mr. Curtis meant when he said at least 50 million. Could it be that I was too unprepared?’
No, it’s not.
‘We’re just a special case, other people will come here with 100 million points. It could be a fairly easy game with a simple game of dice.’ So, this match… … .
“item.”
Sirone asked.
“Can I use the item?”
-The guard’s principle is to risk everything and fight. There are no restrictions on this persuasion.
“Can you change the order too?”
-it’s possible. However, one person cannot participate more than once before taking a turn. Same rule, 1 person cannot use 2 items.
“It was like that.”
If it was an item, he had obtained a considerable amount while searching the warehouse in the port.
“Nade’s kleptomaniac would be helpful at a time like this.”
“hey!”
He shouted with an expression of regret, but Nade was also relieved inside.
‘thank god. I insisted on using the points.’
Sirone said.
“Once the item is applied, it will not exceed 20 turns. Even though one turn is as important as that.”
said the captain of the guard.
“I will do it first.”
This was also unusual, but it was futile to complain in front of the principled.
all.
he pulled out a card
“The captain’s authority.”
“what? What item is that?”
– The captain of the guard uses a manager-only item. Not available for purchase in the store.
The effect of the card appeared.
-Divide opponent’s attack power by the lowest number of crime dice. Lasts 3 turns.
During the explanation, the die was thrown.
‘1 Come out! please!’
Contrary to Nade’s wishes, the eyes of the dice stopped at 3, 6, 2, and 7, respectively.
‘Division 2.’
For the next 3 turns, it meant that the number of attacks on the guard commander would only go in half.
“No, what kind of items do you have?”
“Because it’s for managers only. First of all, let’s change the order. There are enough items, but it is inefficient for Sirone to attack while the captain’s authority is activated.”
Sirone’s turn was critical.
“I’ll do it first.”
Eden pulled out a card.
Create the maximum number by combining the eyes of the dice with the top-notch item ‘Invention of Genius’.
However, in the case of a double, the two results are added, so the highest expectation was 15.54 million.
“7, 3, 4.”
Only the maximum value of 743 was divided by 2.
“… … it’s a shame.”
Of course, it was an excellent effect, but considering the opponent’s 50 million points, it was not satisfactory.
The captain of the guard held up his card.
“The Conviction of Punishment.”
– Each time the turn progresses, the result value increases by 2 times. Lasts a total of 5 turns.
Iruki’s eyes narrowed.
’32x crit on last turn. In the end, I think I’ll finish it within five turns.’
The number of guard captains is 5, 1, 7, 4.
“Deduction of 340,000. It’s still manageable, but from the next turn it’ll be a bit bloody.”
Iruki’s eyes sparkled.
“Wait, I’ll do it first.”
Having inherited Nade, he used the ‘accountant’s illusion’.
– The value of this turn is applied to the next turn.
‘Even if we build up our strength, we have too few points. I can only bet on this method.’
A double comes out and the total is 27.
“You fool. Giving up the chance to use another attack item because you’re afraid of the captain’s authority.”
It’s the captain’s turn again. This time, 4 times was applied and 1.64 million was deducted.
The guards captain raised an eyebrow.
“Next turn I will be stronger. You guys can never break my convictions.”
The reason why no one answered was because they understood all of Iruki’s strategies.
‘This persuasion is not a 100% chance. You can’t win with just quantum collapse.’
The reason why you can’t reveal the strategy is because the opponent can defend with items.
“The accountant’s illusion.”
When Nade used the item, the guard captain frowned.
‘ also?’
-Accountant’s Illusion stacks 2 times. This result is carried over to the next turn.
‘These guys are planning to use wind gods.’ The guards commander realized.
‘User-only item. It’s a good strategy, but it’s hard to expect an actual effect. Unless the big numbers come in quick succession… …
The multiplication effect is drastically lowered.
‘I’ll win anyway. The probability of deducting 50 million at once is laughable.’
Nade threw the dice vigorously.
‘please! double! double!’
When the eyes of the dice that fell on the ground were all different, he despaired, but soon his heart fluttered.
‘done!’
It was 17 with 7, 4 and 6.
If he used Wind God on the next turn, he was guaranteed 4.59 million points.
The captain of the guard held up his card.
“You like to gamble. Then shall we judge your destiny? Trigger, emergency.”
– +2 is applied to the scale of all dice.
Another double took place, bringing the total to 4.8 million, leaving about 1 million left for Sirone and the others.
“The next turn is unconditionally over. Get ready to go back.”
“Shouldn’t you be relieved yet? Because the authority effect of the captain is gone now.”
“so? Nothing will change. Can you deduct 50 million in one go? The odds… …
“give it to me.”
Sirone took the dice.
“Fungin.”
-All eye operations are converted to multiplication.
Sirone asked.
“Why can’t you free Mr. Curtis?”
“You sound natural. He committed many crimes.”
“You guys made it.”
The guards chief kept his mouth shut.
“It is only natural for those who commit a crime to take responsibility. But who created this system? If you have points, you are innocent no matter what you do, if you don’t, you are guilty. Is this system normal, where the more crimes you commit, the more points you accumulate, and whoever doesn’t adapt always have to start over from the bottom of the game?”
Sirone’s question was directed beyond the captain of the guard.
“I don’t know what you mean. no one made it If you don’t want to go to jail, you don’t have to commit a crime. Could it be that you hate the sin, but not the people?”
“no.”
Sirone gritted his teeth.
“If you hate the guilty person so much… …
As he waved his arms and threw dice, three crime dice bounced.
“I’m talking about hating sins together.”
When 7, 7, 7 appeared, the guard commander opened his mouth in a daze.
“Eh, what is this… …
– It’s a double. You will be given one more chance.
“If you really want to punish the guilty.” Sirone again snatched the dice that had fallen in front of his eyes and threw them in the same place.
“I want you to seriously think about why sin has to exist in the first place.”
Again 7, 7, 7 popped up.
-The accountant’s illusion is triggered. With the wind god effect, all operations are multiplied.
27x17x7x7x7x7x7x7=54,00 0,891
Iruki smiled.
“It is our victory.”
Phase space disappeared, and time began to flow again.

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 1218 - Last 5 Hours(3).txt
===============================
Last 5 Hours(3)
The captain of the guard collapsed on his chair.
“… … Quite right.”
Then a burst of laughter broke out.
“ha ha ha! It’s really good. you persuade me All right, I’ll free Curtis.”
The setting immediately changed in their favour.
“thank you. And one more thing. We want to go to Melkidoo’s core. Do you know how?”
“Hmm, only His Majesty the King can issue core passes. It’s better. I was going to introduce you too.”
It was such a process.
“It is an honor. When will it be possible?”
“The process is a bit complicated. Still, I’ll try my best There will be a message tomorrow morning.”
‘Tomorrow morning… …
Melkidoo’s time is different from reality, but there wasn’t much time in reality either.
said Iruki.
“It must be the process of processing data. If this itself is an event, it cannot be arbitrarily changed.”
Sirone nodded and asked again.
“What about Mr. Curtis?”
“That is easy. All you have to do is file the paperwork. If you’re waiting outside the prison, I’ll let you go.”
After receiving the promise, Sirone and the others went outside through the guard barracks.
“Finally out, middle floor.”
The splendid and beautiful scenery of Parme, the capital of Melkidu, came into their eyes.
“It’s called the Play Zone. Maybe it’s because I only went through the back door, isn’t this more awkward now?”
As Nade agreed, the iron door opened and Curtis appeared.
Penna shouted.
“Curtis!”
He was limping on his legs and his face was bruised from how many times he had been beaten.
“Are you okay? What happened to you’?”
He passed by, ignoring Pena, and asked Sirone with a nervous expression.
“Did you find a way?”
“yes. I decided to meet the king tomorrow. Perhaps this is the final gateway to the core.”
“… … Right.”
Curtis’s expression softened, but more relief than joy.
“Let’s go at once. I need to get some rest.”
“okay. please let’s go Because I don’t want to stay here anymore.”
Pena asked while moving downtown.
“Tell me quickly. Because I’m dying of curiosity What do you do when you go to jail? Can you give me some rice? What kind of place was it?”
“If you’re that curious, go and see for yourself.”
Pena was disgusted.
“Crazy, do I go there? what? I hope you… … Did you really lose your virginity?”
“Have you lost your virginity?” Curtis said no more, and Pena didn’t want to know more.
Sirone comforted him.
“You worked hard.”
“it’s okay. It’s something I’ve been determined to do anyway, and it’s meaningless. If only I could get to the core… …
In the face of their tenacity to catch the killer who murdered their daughter, Sirone and the others became solemn.
“Now you guys tell me. Are you meeting the king tomorrow? What happened while I was gone?”
Sirone said what had happened so far.
“Right. You guys must have suffered a lot too. But if so… … How many points are left?”
“It is almost at the bottom. Convincing the captain of the guard left about 1 million points. However, considering the case of persuading the king, there is no such thing.”
“Hmm, that’s right.”
While Curtis was resting his chin on his chin, Pena cleared his throat and said.
“excuse me… … I will live.”
“huh?”
Pena looked away and said.
“No, Curtis got out of jail too, and he needs to eat a good meal and rest for a day or so. I’ll pay for the lodging, so don’t worry and go wherever you want.”
Curtis laughed.
“You say you get food from Pena, the sucker? The biggest incident has occurred in Melkidu.”
“what? I mean, when I write, I write. And I got a lot of help… … anyway! I know that!”
“Well, okay. First of all, accommodations are provided by Pena. But even so, it’s a problem that Sirone’s team doesn’t have points. Because only Sirone can succeed 100% in persuasion. You never know what kind of confrontation the king will propose.”
Even the guard chief’s case was quite difficult.
“So I have an idea.”
“yes’?”
The party paid attention to Curtis’ proposal.
“Come on! Miguel Luxury Store. We have all the new items that just came out a week ago!”
“The cheapest house in Parme! Selling for 10% below average market price! Urgent sale welcome!”
On the west side of the plaza, where the royal castle could be seen at a glance, a large number of people were swarming.
“Wow, are those all merchants?” Curtis said.
“Parme is the place with the most floating population in Melkidu. Because points can be traded. People also stay for a long time to make money on items for entering the royal road.”
“That’s how the market is activated.”
“okay. Do you guys have any items? If you sell it, you’ll get the points you need for persuasion. However, since there is no time, everything is sold quickly. I know you guys value efficiency, but we are VIPs when it comes to sales. If the transaction is long, the flies are attracted. You guys won’t like that either.”
The group understood.
“There are no philanthropists among merchants. It’s safe to leave it to the big guys. Let’s go to that guy.”
It was a neatly dressed man in his 30s.
“welcome. This is an Ottoman luxury store. If you look through the catalog and see what you want… …
“No, I have nothing to live for. I want to sell something.”
Osman immediately nodded.
“Of course you are welcome. Nowhere else pays the price as high as we do. Shall we go to the office?”
“No, not here. Most of them are card items.”
There were also expensive weapons in the port, but I couldn’t afford to carry them.
“yes. Then show me your stuff. Are you on this side? I will make a deal.”
Osman pulled out a card.
“Activate. shop.”
The card glowed and a system message popped up.
– The transaction between the Sirone team and the Ottoman team begins. Points can be exchanged for 1 hour. The effect automatically disappears when the transaction approval between the two sides is concluded.
‘It’s an anti-fraud system. and… … This person is also an accomplice.’
It would be in the office, and there should have been a few people around here now.
“If I open a shop with an item, do I continue to use points for every transaction?”
“yes. If you want to do business, you have to give up that much. It’s not particularly expensive, but it’s big when it accumulates.”
Of course, it will be included in the fee.
“The problem is people who come to trade without having points or stuff. It’s half a joke, half a competitor’s sabotage. That’s why there is a limit of 1 hour. If the person who uses the item does not approve the transaction, that person cannot trade for 1 hour.”
“aha.”
“You can rest assured. As long as the store is active, the property is protected by the system.”
After confirming that Curtis nodded, Sirone handed over the item.
“yes. I want to sell this.”
“Hmm, let’s see… …
Osman’s eyes began to shake as he calmly passed the cards one by one.
“Hoo.”
He stroked his chin and was lost in thought, then handed over the card again.
“I have seen Mr. Curtis and Mr. Pena several times, but Mr. Sirone is the first. Did you collect all of these cards without ever stopping by Parme?”
Through system messages, merchants remembered users’ names.
“Yes, by chance.”
Osman realized.
‘It’s the back door.’
Of course, there are only rumors and no reality, but sometimes there were customers with different feelings.
“All right. Then I’ll give you a price. A total of 37 cards, including the best cards… …
Osman raised his head.
“120 million points. How is it?” It was a larger amount than expected.
‘Then it’s basically more expensive. Well, I haven’t been to the high-end shops on the inner track.’
Osman continued.
“You’re not here to bargain, are you? Knowing that, I hit it as high as possible. Some of these cards also contain crafting items. In other words, we will take care of the aftermath.”
“how?”
The conversation continued without the main point
“I don’t know that either. If there is a problem, there is a separate company that takes care of it. I entrust them.”
‘It’s a gang.’
“I can promise you, however, that no one but me will know where this item came from. That alone will save you a lot of hassle.”
I’ll go into the core tomorrow anyway, but thinking about suffering all day made my goal hurt.
“Yes, I will.”
“thank you. Then shall we begin?”
-120 million points have come to the Sirone team.
Sirone also turned over the card.
“A total of thirty-seven chapters. Has confirmed. Initiation, transaction approval. Just say the same to me.”
“Activate, transaction approved.”
– The deal is closed.
The shop card is gone.
“thank you. I will come again when the opportunity arises.”
Osman gave me a card and said.
“This is a discount coupon for a top-notch restaurant. If you use this item, it will be 20 percent less.”
“haha! yes.”
Pena, who received the discount coupon, is thrilled
did.
“and… …
Osman asked.
“As I said before, there will be nothing to worry about, but on the other hand, it will be a little annoying. Get out of Parme as soon as possible.”
“Okay.”
There was no need to hear the details because Sirone had gone through all of the prenatal battles.
After leaving the merchant area, Sirone and the others headed for the restaurant, holding on to their hungry stomachs.
“Voucher, what kind of restaurant is this? Are there any steaks?”
A group of people blocked the way.
“Didn’t you talk if you want to eat meat? We can buy whatever you like.”
Curtis’s expression crumpled.
“A wicked merchant.”
“Are those people merchants?” The impression was ferocious, and above all, all the weapons he was holding were top-notch.
“Parme allows point transactions between users. That’s why guys like that install them.”
“haha! That’s right. choose Will you stick with us and become dog hair, or will you pass the point?”
Attacks between users are deducted until one person’s points become zero.
“Wouldn’t it be better to give it to us to use than to blow it into the air? I’ll take half of it if you’re willing to give it to me.”
Sirone said.
“What do you believe in and be so proud of? If our points are higher, you guys will become dog hair.”
“Cheuk, right? Then give it a try.” Sirone sensed it.
‘It’s a point conglomerate.’
It is to extort the points that can win against anyone and use threats.
“Hey, is that Pena? Did you stick to these bunches this time? Then I guess you have some points.”
Penna shouted.
“You are talking nonsense! What do you see people as?”
“What do you see? that’s your specialty Clinging to someone with money and then hiding like a maggot in case of danger.”
As Pena’s face heated up, Sirone stepped out.
“Don’t speak carelessly.”
“Ohhhhh.”
The evil merchants made exaggerated expressions.
“Hey, that’s cool. So what are you going to do? Would you have 50 million to trade with Osman? Let’s end it like that. Or rob them all and go to jail.”
‘It’s annoying, these things.’
Even if he wanted to be hit, the point would become 0 the moment the attack judgment was entered.
“Sirone, I’ll do it.”
“What are you going to do?”
Nade, who was walking towards the evil merchant, turned around and winked as he lowered his collar.
“Leave it to me.”
The guards officer’s certificate was hidden.

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 1219 - Last 5 Hours(4).txt
===============================
Last 5 Hours (4)
the evil merchant asked.
“What are you? Are you going to try?”
“of course. I’d rather go to jail than give points to scumbags like you.”
they were crazy
“You don’t know, kid, but do you know what happens when you go to prison?”
I couldn’t hear it exactly, but I could guess just by looking at Curtis’ condition.
Nade smiled.
“Good. I was wondering where it was Aren’t you confident? Then don’t be silly and get out of here.”
“ha.”
The evil merchants’ eyes changed.
“Are you satisfied with being nice to me? Can I tell you one more thing? Even if it’s dog hair, we can attack you. The higher your points, the more brutal crimes you can commit. I’ll leave it to your imagination how far we can go.”
“try. If you are confident.”
When Nade raised his right hand and caused a lightning strike, the evil merchants flinched.
“Eh, a wizard?”
“okay. In real life, things that are not even a fist away. Do you understand the situation now?”
After being dazed for a moment, they burst into laughter.
“Ha ha ha! Wasn’t this completely new? do you know where this is? Melkidoo, man.”
“so?”
Attacks between users are impossible.
“No, that’s it.”
The leader raised his hand and stepped out.
“Okay, I admit it. We also make sure to treat our customers well. Let’s do this. ten million points. That’s it.”
Of course, the inside was different.
‘Wizard?’
The existence that sent him to prison day and night in reality.
‘no wonder. I was thinking of jumping with teleportation. But you met the right person today.’
The distance narrowed a bit more.
“Okay, I lost. Then cut more from 10 million… …
Caught off guard, he suddenly twisted his body and swung his longsword wide.
Nade’s bangs, which leaned back, were cut by the sharp blade, and several strands flew off.
“Ha ha ha! done! You are now broke… …
-warning. System Hostile Activity Detection. Guards track down Brica’s team.
Even after hearing the messages sent to all the accomplices, they did not understand the situation.
“what? what is this sound?”
In the next moment, armored guards from all sides of the capital began to gather here.
“uh? uh?”
Even in the midst of confusion in my head, I was convinced that I shouldn’t be here.
“hey! Bounce!”
However, the road was already blocked and the guards violently arrested them.
“Let go! Aww! Let go, you bastard!”
For about a minute, Brica’s team had to lie flat on the floor with handcuffs behind their backs.
“Damn it! Are you guys crazy? We’ve never been against the system! You attacked the user!”
Instead of answering, the guards saluted Nade.
“Loyalty! All seven criminals have been arrested.”
“Um, yes.”
When Nade put his hands behind his back and nodded, the brica team’s expression changed to bewilderment.
“……uh?”
Brica shouted.
“What the hell are you doing? How are you on guard? You are a user!”
“That’s why I told you, if you’re not confident, get out of here.”
“You bastard!”
Bricca had blood in her eyes, but her heart sank at the cold feeling of the handcuffs.
‘no. At this rate, I will go to a real prison.’
They did not have the strength to break the handcuffs or the power to defeat the guards.
“sorry.”
Brica begged.
“We were wrong. So just take a look, okay? I will do anything you ask me to.”
“This is Melkidu.”
Nade said with a smile.
“Whatever you do with points. You said that was all?”
Saying that, I turned to my friends, and the captain of the guard approached me and asked.
“What will they do?”
Nade swung his sword with a sharp expression on his face.
“Arrest them now!”
“yes!”
The evil merchants being dragged shouted.
“Let go! You son of a bitch! What crime have I committed! you! You are making a big mistake!”
Only Curtis, who had already experienced prison, looked at them with a compassionate gaze.
“How are my skills?”
Eden said as Nade made a V with his hands.
“you… … You seem to be enjoying yourself?”
“How are you? Anyway, it ends today. Those who believe in points and install them should be scolded.”
Curtis asked.
“Is that the item you mentioned earlier? If you have a registration certificate, you say that users can also be guards?”
“yes. once we get out of here Let me explain.”
Sirone’s party ordered a late lunch at a high-end restaurant with discount coupons.
“There are so many people.”
It was booming enough to fill the spacious interior.
Curtis was probably the most hungry, but he was more interested in items.
“Hmm, if you wear this necklace, you mean it penetrates the physical barrier, right? Then we can go to the inside track.”
said Iruki.
“That’s true, but it’s over anyway, isn’t it? It would be exciting if we stayed longer in Melkidu.”
“… … It doesn’t.”
Pena asked.
“But even if you persuade the king, Curtis and I are not accomplices. How do you get into the core?”
Indeed it was.
“Parme is a point transaction, so once we convince them, we redistribute them… …
As the discussion progressed, a group of people leaving the restaurant stopped walking.
“Curtis?”
Everyone turned their heads at the man’s words.
“where are you?”
“Is that guy Curtis? Why is Molgol like that? He’s not the kind of guy to run around.”
“That’s not the problem. block the entrance. Detour around the table and grab it from behind.”
Curtis held up a fork and said as the party moved in trained motions.
“How about this? Use this item to enter the royal castle. Maybe we won’t wait until tomorrow, maybe we can find some solution there. If you can steal the registration card, it means you can enter and exit the core.”
“Hmm, that’s definitely the only way… … At that moment, a shadow falls on the table
As soon as he got up, Curtis instinctively turned his head.
“Curtis!”
The moment he saw his opponent, his pupils fluttered, and the man’s fist struck directly at his chin.
“Kuk!”
-warning. System Hostile Activity Detection. Guards track down Reiber’s team.
“what? what is this… …
Curtis rolled on the floor and rushed toward the exit, overturning the table.
shouted the man guarding the door.
“calm down! It’s over! Ugh!”
When the guards opened the door and rushed in, the man collapsed and the restaurant turned into mayhem.
“Don’t miss it! catch!”
Those who had not yet been caught by the guards were driving Curtis to one side.
“Hey, Curtis. It’s me, Riber. Let’s talk.”
Curtis, who was looking left and right at the gradually narrowing encirclement, turned toward the wall.
He rushed with all his might, wrapped his arms around his face, and flew through the wall.
“uh?”
Those who stood there stunned were pressed down from behind by the guards.
“Loyalty! Eight criminals were arrested.” Nade approached Leiber, receiving a salute.
“Who are you?”
“shut up! Do you know what you guys have done? You missed all the suspects.”
“You are talking nonsense. Mr. Curtis is a detective.”
“We are detectives too.”
You asked with poetry while Ned was speechless.
“Why are you chasing the same detective? Mr. Curtis is working on an open case.”
“You mean Edrina?”
Riber frowned and said.
“The prime suspect in that case is Curtis. A murder suspect in the murder of four twenty-seven-year-old women.”
said Pena.
“I don’t trust people. But there are eyes to see. Although Curtis is unlucky, he is not a psycho.”
“I know what kind of guy he is. Because he is my colleague and friend. but… … I have proof.”
Sirone asked.
“Is it true that among the four, Mr. Curtis has a daughter?”
“okay.”
“How did you die?”
“Hanged himself.”
“Then it would be suicide… …
“So it’s an unsolved case. Curtis and I found Edrina in the basement of the lodge. The rope tied to the ceiling pipeline broke and fell to the floor.”
Nade asked.
“Isn’t that suicide?”
“The problem is, you can’t die alone like that. The height of the ceiling is 4 meters. There were no objects to step on in the warehouse, and there was no structure to climb up the walls. The iron door had a manual lock and was locked from the inside. would it fly? No, Edrina was a normal person. He wasn’t a wizard.”
It was strange indeed.
“I can only see that someone hung it. A broken string was supposed to be a clue, but in the end I couldn’t find anything special. Actually, it’s not uncommon. The struggle right before death is truly enormous, so if the tension is weak, it can break easily.”
River continued.
“Best of all, there were three more deaths besides her. We catch the strand with a murder and track down the culprit, but one day a letter arrives in front of us. A letter from the dead Edrina.”
“So you delayed the reception date.”
“okay. sent before he died It went through the International Post Office. I arrived after wandering all over the world.”
“What was written on it?”
“Just one sentence. It’s not your fault.” “okay? This is not an unsolved case. Curtis must know something. But it disappeared before we could get the context. and… … It’s from Mel Kidoo.”
Iruki, who was aware of the situation to some extent, asked.
“What are you going to do, Sirone?”
“Let’s find Mr. Curtis first. will tell us If you have to go to the core.”
Nade gave the order.
“Once you get carried away. Don’t send me to jail.”
“yes!”
When the guards take out the Liber team, Sirone and the others also leave the restaurant.
Pena looked around.
“Where have you been? Tracking is impossible with the Fast Recovery Pass necklace.”
“are you okay. After all, there is only one place to go.”
Eden turned his head.
“Royal.”
Sirone said.
“Mr. Curtis must have guessed that we were going to hear the truth from the detective. Since we can’t be together, I’m going to try to enter the core alone.”
“Is it really the culprit?”
Sirone didn’t make a decision.
“First, let’s go to the royal castle. event is my
work open. Going in now could amount to systemic vandalism. You can’t be careless because you have a guard registration card.”
After infiltrating the castle, the party arrived at the Grand Hall using the Fast Recovery Pass necklace and flying magic.
Curtis, who had been captured by the knights, was on his knees.
“Mr. Curtis!”
The king turned his head.
“Heh heh, the laws of the kingdom are breaking down like this. So, are you guys also scoundrels threatening the king?”
‘It’s worth the bottom line.’
Sirone stepped forward.
“I am Sirone. I came to visit Your Highness because I wanted to go to Melkidu’s core.”
Since the event had not yet occurred, the king would not have been able to read the letter of recommendation.
“Hmm, Sironera… …
But maybe that’s why, the king raised the corner of his mouth, showing interest in a different way.
“What happened to the fraternity of the age to the murderer’s haven?”
“huh?”
“To meet Yahweh here. Well, if this is also fate, then it must be fate.”
Sirone’s expression turned cold.
“who are you?”
Not a non-player.
“well. Wouldn’t it be better to see for yourself than explain?”
A strange noise was superimposed on the king’s face, and his appearance gradually began to change.
A dark-haired man, in his 40s, but with a playful and beautiful appearance.
“Nice to meet you, Sirone.”
Sirone’s eyes widened as he realized through Omega.
“Cain.”
Humanity’s first killer.

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 1220 - The first yora(1).txt
===============================
First Jorah (1)
“Are you Cain?”
After hearing Sirone’s words, Iruki and Nade carefully examined the king’s face.
Although he is middle-aged, it is because of his mischievous eyes that he feels as if he has not aged.
‘No, that’s not the problem.’
Humanity’s first murderer was a long time ago in the era in which they live.
“How are you alive?”
“Fear.”
Sirone said.
“Melkidoo’s time is different from reality. It is because it is a world that has been dug into the mind in reality.”
It wasn’t possible just once.
“In reality, the outer track, the outer track to the inner track, again the royal palace, the grand hall of the royal palace, the throne of the grand hall… … . By creating a new world like that, you suspended time.”
Pena asked.
“Is that possible? You say you can live forever?”
“Not forever.”
Even if you keep digging with fear, there is an end to the concept of infinity. The first thing Sirone realized.
‘World No. 19000 of Andre’s labyrinth.’
This is the reason why the utopia project that humans started for eternal life did not succeed.
‘The coercion program Argo could not calculate infinity and instead caused a malfunction.’
He gave up thinking and started breeding humans.
“Yes, cowardice cannot overcome infinity.”
Cain said.
“But that is only when there is such a thing as infinity. Do you think this universe will last forever? As far as I know, there shouldn’t be much left?” Legally, 5 hours left. Sirone asked.
“Were you waiting?”
From the beginning of mankind to the end of mankind.
“It has been a long and tedious journey. Can you imagine how many stages of coercion we went through? The world I live in is only this chair. Even if you take just one step, you become a higher world. It brings you one step closer to reality.”
Time will pass faster.
“I was like that. I waited for today to come in the deepest part of Melkidoo I made.”
“For what?”
“Do you want to go to the core?” Cain gave instructions.
“Free me.”
As the knights withdrew their swords and retreated, Curtis stroked his neck and spat out softly.
“… … sorry.”
There were a lot of things I wanted to hear from Curtis, but it was important to go to the core first.
Sirone walked over to Cain.
“The pass to the core, how can I get it?”
“You know what? You have to convince me.”
“What about the rules?”
“haha! A little awkward. Usually by pretending to be a non-player. My personality is chaos. The rules are my own. You don’t have to pay crime points. But you only get one chance. If you can’t win here, find another way.”
Cain, who gave him time to think, asked again.
“Who will do it?”
After exchanging glances with her friends, Sirone turned her head again.
“I’ll do it.”
“Good judgment.”
The landscape changed, and the topological space for calculating the dice match stretched endlessly.
Cain, who seemed to be sitting in midair, looked down at the Sirone team and said.
“The rules are simple. Use only one die. If you throw at the same time and get the same eye as the one I threw, you guys win. Lose if the other eye comes out.”
Iruki’s expression became serious.
“at the same time… …
Sirone can control the numbers she wants through quantum decay.
‘But this isn’t it. Even Cain doesn’t know what number he wants.’
Literally chaos.
When Sirone watched with a displeased expression on his face, Cain smiled and said,
“Why, the one who persuaded half of mankind? Was not Yahweh a master of the heart?”
The chance was only once.
“good.”
When Sirone agreed without thinking, Eden looked back in surprise.
‘What are you going to do?’
‘I win anyway.’
Sirone was confident of victory.
‘You can use incarnation here. If so, Hand of God, hand skills are also possible.’
After seeing the number of Cain’s dice, it was just a matter of changing the result with the skill of the hand.
“Shall we begin?”
When Cain rolled the 7-sided dice in his hand, Si Lone also snatched the dice in front of him.
A system message was heard.
-We start counting only for this match. The counting time is 60 seconds, and the judgment range is the last 1 second. 60 seconds, 59 seconds… … .
As the count started, Sirone and Cain couldn’t take their eyes off each other.
-3 sec, 2 sec, 1… … .
At the same time, the dice flew through the air.
‘The opportunity is fleeting.’
Sirone strained her eyes and watched each other’s dice roll.
The moment when Cain’s die stops at 4 and Sirone’s die rolls to 3.
‘The skill of the hand.’
The Hand of God snatched Sirone’s dice and rolled them to the floor once again.
As the old case was erased, a new case unfolded before everyone’s eyes.
‘done!’
The moment Sirone was convinced, the dice stopped.
“uh?”
Nade, who had been watching blankly as his eyes pointed to the number 3, murmured.
“… … Did you lose?”
It’s an obvious fact, but everyone who knew Sirone’s abilities didn’t understand.
Sirone slowly raised her head.
While Cain smiled meaningfully, the phase space began to collapse.
Seeing the scenery of the Grand Hall in their eyes, Sirone and the others were making faces.
Cain opened his mouth.
“I won.”
Sirone was also not stupid enough to live with the idea that it was only natural for him to win.
“How did you do?”
“When you live in the early days of human history, you hear a lot of stories. Is that a Gaiaman’s ability that has only been passed down in mythology? The moment I’m sure the roll of the die is a 4, the heart becomes the law, and you can change it. indeed… … You can call it a miracle.”
“You’re not sure?”
If you had closed your eyes, you wouldn’t know, but if you controlled your mind to that extent, you were already in the realm of Yahweh.
Cain laughed.
“You are overestimating me. I am the first murderer Such a state is impossible.”
“then… …
Sirone had only one hypothesis left.
“Yes, it is manipulation.”
-warning. Data in the main system has been corrupted due to an unknown code. Run a quick recovery. Critical system failure may occur.
“What, what?”
Users’ cries were heard from outside the castle.
“Was that the whole message?”
Cain said.
“I changed the system parameters. Well, there must be users who lose or benefit.”
That means it’s messed up. Iruki asked.
“Did you not want to send us to the core even after doing that? What is there?”
“no.”
Cain got up from his seat.
“I am sending you guys to the core. The only reason I manipulated it was because I wanted to get my justice done.”
“what?”
“The Efficiency of Evil.”
Cain escaped the end of cowardice.
“In Melkidoo, many users are struggling to enter the core. i made it like that They think of this system as an unchanging principle, that is, God… …
Is the system perfect?
“Actually, rules are nothing. Just changing one parameter changes everything. Yahweh, even the heart you believe in so much. Your heart longed for a 4 on the die, but it ended up being a 3.”
The system governs the mind.
“Is that why you killed him?” “Did you go so far as to break the rules to get what you want?”
Sadness flashed in Cain’s eyes for a moment, but soon returned to a mischievous expression.
“Yes, I am evil. No, to be precise, should I say a scholar who studied evil? Why can’t I just kill him? If you break the rules, you can get what you want much easier and faster. Look at it now, it’s convenient to come in through the back door.”
Cain insisted.
“Humans have no choice but to eat. They have to find a mate and reproduce. We kill all races to eat, and we have to compete with our own kind. is that so disgusting? So, after setting up strange rules, do you wrap it up with words like we are good, we are good? Where is the line that does not eat? Where is the line that can’t reproduce? that’s a ball Yahweh, the love you speak of cannot be made good. That evil must accompany it.”
“Maybe.”
Sirone did not deny it.
“I don’t think the system is perfect either. But just because it’s not perfect doesn’t mean it’s wrong. We are going to find a better way.”
“Where?”
Cain snorted.
“Where are you going? look back we are beasts Man will kill life unless he becomes a machine, and he will wound his rival. In the process, some lose and some gain. Some mate with their loved ones, some are abandoned. Envy and envy, selfishness and lust. A system that can contain all of this is impossible.”
If possible it would be an ultima
“Then why did you make Melkidu?” Cain shut her mouth.
“If you’re that confident, can’t you just live as a murderer? You don’t have to go out of your way to prove that you’re right. Shall I tell you? You already know.”
Sirone said.
“No matter what logic you put forward, there is no holy ground for evil.”
Silence ensues… … .
“haha.”
Cain raised his head and burst into laughter.
“Ha ha ha! what, have you heard?
Come to think of it, I guess that’s what I said. It was so long ago that my memory is fuzzy.”
“You will remember. If it wasn’t for that, there’s no way I could have endured here for an eternity.” “Now I get it. The reason why you made Melkidu. It’s not to prove the legitimacy of evil. Rather, half the land.”
“What nonsense are you talking about?”
Cain’s smile had disappeared before he knew it.
“You want to erase it. what he did. The terrible memory of losing everything, disappointing loved ones with one mistake.” Cries were heard.
“Huh.”
Curtis dropped to his knees and began to speak in a weeping voice.
“I thought about dying. I didn’t come here because my life was precious. I can’t bear to see my daughter in her afterlife, so I’d rather it never happened… …
From his tears, Pena guessed a lot.
‘Is that so?’
so you… … Was it a mess?
Sirone turned to Cain.
“Through Omega’s records, I knew about you. And what your mother, Mitochondrial Eve, did.”
Cain was speechless.
“Being a scholar who studies evil is proof that you also view evil critically. send us to the core At least, you don’t have to know the one thing you’ve been enduring all of human history and have been wanting to ascertain.”
In an atmosphere of silence forever.
“… … God says.”
Cain groaned.
“Agrippa, why are you weeping? Agrippa said, The woman I love has married her brother.”
It was Agrippa’s Ecclesiastes 3.
“Lost lamb, stay away from envy and resentment. Kill your brother and take your sister-in-law.”
That’s how you get to the last verse.
“I will be with you. You won’t have to pay the price to get what you want. Take anything and bring it to you. A haven for murderers… … Cain slowly raised his gaze and spat out.
“Melkidue.”
At the same time, the scenery of the Grand Hall began to break like glass, and a strong wind blew.
It was completely dark outside the landscape, but I felt that I was moving at the speed of light.
“This?”
Finally, the darkness is lifted, and the middle of the dense forest where the sun of reality shines… … .
Melkidoo’s core revealed its true nature.

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 1221 - The first yora(2).txt
===============================
First Jorah (2)
At the Delta Headquarters, Code One and summit meetings were progressing rapidly.
Sirone headed for Jincheon’s sector.
‘This is a tie.’
She had received confirmation from the Tribal Union of the South, Corona of the Ivory Tower, and the King of Arachne.
‘Kessia and Paras will be impossible to persuade, and if they only embrace Jincheon and the Moon Kingdom, the victory will increase.’
All 12 countries already knew that Yahweh was working for Tormia.
In any case, listening to the story won’t hurt them either.
There was only one country that shut down the door, Jive.
‘scratch.’
Of course it is.
In a situation where the world map country is confirmed, you don’t want to make a variable.
When her thoughts were over, Sirone arrived at Jincheon Sector and entered Jingang’s room, guided by Oh Ryongjang.
“Are you here?”
Although he was already as pale as a corpse, Jin Kang dared to greet him in the chair.
‘You’re really upright.’
If human vitality could be converted into numbers, what was left of Jinkang would not be even 1%.
“How are you?”
“You can hold on. That’s right, I triggered Code One. The reason for meeting the kings of each country is about voting, right?”
“yes. This is the only way to stop the Jive Alliance from dominating. Please gather your strength in Tormia.”
Jin Kang smiled.
“You see me too easily.” “I don’t know about other countries, but an empire is not just a kingdom. Another world. We cannot easily yield to the kingdom of Tormia.”
“Jive will become a world leader.”
“What is different? Jive or Thor Mia, Jincheon can fight anything.”
It was the emperor’s pride.
“Sirone, you did your best. Jincheon is grateful to Yahweh. But it’s not between countries. Even if I die, Jincheon must continue.” Since the empire was made up of numerous kingdoms, I had expected that it would not be easy.
“I fully understand your Majesty’s words. But now is the time to gather strength. Humanity is on the verge of extinction. Geese will not be able to rally us. Above all, there will be a rebellion in those who do not support him like your Majesty. Leave it to me. Seong-eum will be hoping for that too.”
Jin Kang, who had been listening calmly, gained strength in his eyes.
“Am I selling my daughter now?”
“The truth is that it is. voice
and I… …
coup
The floor rumbled as he slammed his leg down.
I was worried that my bones had not been broken, but more than that, this energy itself was surprising.
“My daughter is in Hell.”
A demon’s face formed in Jin Kang’s eyes.
It was the heart of a father who buried his daughter in eternal pain, even turning that powerful flesh into reverse.
“Lord, do you know why I am still alive? It is to save my daughter and wipe out all the demons who dropped my daughter into hell. All preparations are complete. I’ll shoot my daughter with the perm light, but the demons will also realize what true hell is. I will never forgive you.”
‘It’s already a ghost.’
Although outwardly human, his mind was already tinged with madness.
Jin Kang waved his hand coldly.
“Go back. Abandoning the cause is shameful within the company, but I won’t compromise with anyone anymore. I will reject your offer.”
If Sirone had not been Yahweh, he would have drawn his sword the moment his daughter’s name came to his lips.
“I can’t go back like this. I’m here to get Your Majesty’s vote.”
“I don’t say it twice.”
Jin Kang sat down, put his hand on the handle of the sword, and came out of the chair like a sword.
“There is a way to obtain the vocal consonants, the true consonants.”
Jin Kang, who was about to swing his sword with his teeth clenched in front of Sirone, raised his head.
“??????what?”
“I am not dying. It means that we might be able to bring His Majesty’s daughter into reality.”
Jin Kang’s beard trembled.
“Didn’t I say there was no way? If you’re lying to get a single vote… …
“Teacher Etella is the Bishop of the Karsis Monastery, and the Master I respect the most.”
Jin Kang kept his mouth shut.
“If Jin Seong-eum chose eternal suffering for mankind, he is heading towards extinction while embracing all of that pain. It will be infinite pain.”
The candles lit everywhere swayed in disarray.
“I have an idea if the teacher can do it. Maybe your daughter will come back.” “Black!”
Jinjiang stumbled.
“your majesty!”
Oh Ryongjang tried to come closer, but he held out his hand.
“His name is… … what?”
“Romi Ethella.”
Jin Kang, who repeated the name over and over again, wiped away tears with his trembling hands.
“I’m sorry. Forgive me for this narrow mind that was relieved for a moment. Na Jin-gang looked up at the sky and threw a fist.
“Even if I die, I will not forget that name.”
“You will do that.”
This time, Sirone was cold.
It is not because the voice lives and the ethera dies.
I’m just angry at the reality that only one human being has to bear everything and sacrifice.
‘Why does someone… …
Do you think you can carry it yourself?
‘If everyone makes a little concession… …
Even right now, this world would face a cataclysm like an earthquake.
“I will tell you how.”
“I will hand over the right to vote to Tormia.” immediate exchange.
It was a matter to be pondered over, but it was also a matter for which the outcome had already been determined.
“There is no need to turn around. tell me How are you going to bring my daughter?”
Sirone raised her index finger.
“Perm mineral nature.”
Tormia Sector.
Albino and Rufist drank tea in a dark room relying on a single small light.
“The finale will start in an hour. That concludes the official temple ceremony.”
I heard that artists from all over the world decorate the finale.
“The long one is the same, the short one is the same. I guess I should have done all I could.”
“okay. I don’t even know what other variables will arise. Humans seem to see far away, but in fact, even if he tries to look one second behind, his eyes go dark. we are all blind It’s like groping for one second, one second with your hands.”
“Jive rejected Code One.”
The albino laughed at the words he spat out like a surprise.
“Do you know how to play dingkang, too? Oh stand. You are too old, and I am too old.”
Rufist sipped his tea.
“This is the first time the head of the Magic Association has been so sensitive. Do you feel any remorse?”
“I feel it. I just don’t get swayed by emotions. Fleur is a talented person, but it’s a waste to write like this.”
“To kill someone who could rule the world. Isn’t that enough to sacrifice for the country?”
“… … I bet it is. Sirone is collecting votes from all over the world, and you can’t just accept and eat.”
It is also a time when justification is needed.
“Don’t worry too much. Flu will do just fine. It will solve our remaining problems.” the albino asked over his tea.
“I must have liked it quite a bit, that wife. Are you feeling any other emotion?”
“no.”
Rufist changed his attitude.
“I don’t look at my subordinates with special eyes. What I think is, she is a key component of the kingdom.”
“Like, like Jane?”
In front of the name of the former Chief of Staff of the Magic Association, Rufist couldn’t even open his mouth.
Meanwhile, Geese, who had finished his work, was blowing his whistle and heading towards the Jive Sector.
‘it’s over. won.’
Rule the world tomorrow.
Of course, the situation would be different when the official letter from Fermi arrived in each country.
Even the information scattered through the window was only circulating among the maids and cleaners at the temple, and it was still a long way before it reached the officials of each country, especially the king.
Perhaps that is the distance between the king and the citizen.
“Hey, Phaedra.”
Seeing Arachne’s prime minister at the end of the hallway, Geese opened his arms and approached.
“You worked hard all this time. It’s not worth the money I spent on you. How does it feel to be the Prime Minister of the world?”
“Well, that… …
Pedra, who had already made some kind of agreement with an albino, could not enjoy the present like Gis.
“What’s wrong with your expression? Have confidence. It’s over. The Jive Information Bureau is also expecting an easy victory.”
“Haha, that’s right. however… … Where are you going?”
“date.”
Geese shakes his collar and winks.
Fedra stuck out his tongue at the sight of him still full of energy after lying around like that in the afternoon.
“You are amazing. I don’t think I’m going to pee today. Who is that blessed woman?”
“Why are you there, Tormia Magic Association Secretary General?”
“Ravid… … Flu?”
“What’s going to take you long? Tomorrow, not women, but all mankind will fall at my feet. I need to get rid of it right away.” ‘It’s Tormia.’
Fedra, who focuses on beauty, began to doubt the situation itself.
‘Huh, look at these?’ Geese asked.
“why? Is there any problem?”
Phaedra, who was lost in thought for a moment, smiled and shook her head from side to side.
“no. You seem pretty strict, but I was curious about how you did it.”
“haha! It’s all my own wild nature. As for women, they need to be treated roughly.”
“I envy you, great confidence.”
“Cheuk, I’ll introduce you later. anyway i’m going See you later at the finale.”
“Yes, take a look.”
When Phaedra, who had been bowing down following Gis, looked up, there was no expression on his face.
‘okay. Take a look, Geese.’ can’t go far
Flew, who was leaning against the wall at the entrance to the Jive Sector, felt a presence and turned his head.
Geese said.
“What, are you here already? Surprisingly, he has a quick temper. Or could you not wait?”
“I tell you that I am impatient. A lot of people are still wandering around, isn’t it too early?”
“Is it my fault? The schedule has been moved up. That Habits… … . No, that’s over. He said he had to attend the finale in an hour. I do not have time.”
Fleur sensed it.
‘You’re going to throw me away. It’s the lowest.’ It didn’t matter anyway, because what she wanted was a one-time opportunity.
“great. I also have to attend official events.”
Geese boldly hugged Fleur by the shoulder and headed for the sleeping quarters prepared in advance.
When I opened the door and entered, the Xinjiang of the Jive Guards was waiting in full armament.
‘It’s as rumored.’
Gis, who is very suspicious, always has a knight of the royal guard by his side even when he sleeps with a woman.
Gis asked, taking off his coat.
“Are you fine? It’s a little weird at first, but you’ll get used to it. Just think of it as decoration.”
“yes.”
Fleur didn’t hesitate.
“haha! Do you like it. A woman who can design the future is my ideal type. Right then?”
“I will wash.”
Fleur went into the bathroom without asking permission.
“Cheuk, being picky.”
She washed herself slowly, knowing that there was no one to blame here anyway.
‘The height of the Guard.’
There would be no way to escape against the 1st Legion, who had risen to the pinnacle of sword art.
‘I’m dying, me.’
As the warm water dripped down the ends of her hair, she smiled like a girl.
‘ are you okay.’
After wiping the moisture off the mirror, she looked at her last self and refined her mind.
“I am Ravid Floo.”
He is the Chief Secretary of the Tormia Magic Association who is loyal to the country and its people.

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 1222 - The first yora(3).txt
===============================
First Jorah (3)
The time was going towards 9:00 at night.
A bloody smell came from the engine room of the temple, the warehouse, or the cellar where the wild rats hid.
It was the smell of goblin blood, different from that of humans.
“Kiyi!”
Kido, who held the double-edged spear wide, rolled on the floor with his amber pupils flashing.
The figure spinning on its back looked like an ant hell with dozens of blades.
“Jincheon witchcraft.”
The magic eye of the Anchal flashed.
“A mighty giant.”
The bricks on the ceiling became hollow like water droplets, and then they became huge feet and stamped Kido down.
Kido’s eyes widened as if they would bulge out, and his body sank inside as if imprinted in the dirt.
Natasha moved.
‘I blocked it.’
She isn’t aiming for Kido, but for Uorin, who is clinging to the wall.
was
‘Can I just kill that?’
The moment she rushed at the speed of sound and stabbed her sword at the nape of Uorin’s neck.
“Big!”
Kido, who pushed off the giant’s foot, blocked his way before he knew it and grabbed Natasha’s wrist.
It wasn’t pushed back by the power of Jibakryeong, but the sonic shock wave was delivered intact.
“Wow!”
Natasha turned her head to avoid Kido’s blood.
“… … They are really strange animals.” Kido, covered in blood all over his body, proved his fighting spirit by revealing his sharp teeth.
“Big!”
“You’re slower than me, how can you catch me?”
At that moment, Wu Orin, her face pale, sat down on the ground gasping for breath.
“ha. ha.”
I thought I was dead.
Because it was so fast, Natasha’s capital even felt the pain going through her neck.
‘however… … Illusion?’
After the battle started, I experienced the same dozens of times, but I still couldn’t adapt.
that death is.
‘It can’t end like this. I must live.’
Sirone.
“Kid too.”
The moment the words leaked out between his clenched teeth, Rai cut Kido’s side.
“Kuk!”
Kido’s pupils shook, but Rai was displeased with the lukewarm taste of his hands.
‘I couldn’t cut it.’
The moment the blade entered, tremendous flexibility was activated and the trace of the sword was shed.
‘You’re more sensitive than me?’
No, it blocks the giant’s mighty power, and even captures Natasha’s speed, which is hard to follow with the naked eye.
‘It’s a monster in a different sense.’
Wu Lin asked.
“Kiddo, are you okay?”
“??????okay.”
“help me. i must live know?”
“??????okay.”
She was not disappointed because only Sirone lived in her heart.
but.
‘water……’
I was thirsty again.
‘Why are you doing this?’
Just like when I protected Andre’s labyrinth, I felt like it would dry up if I didn’t fill it up.
“Haha!”
Almost instinctively, Kido opened his mouth wide and bit Natasha’s arm.
“Jjong! Soong!”
Natasha was motionless as she slit her flesh with her fangs and sucked the blood that flowed out.
Then, when Kido raised his head with glossy lips, he slowly stepped back and asked.
“… … Is it delicious, my blood?”
“It is foolish.”
Rai drew his sword and approached.
“He eats other people’s memories. That guy’s skills are made up of the talents of many people. To offer up your incarnation so easily. The battles will be more difficult in the future.”
“okay?”
Natasha shrugged.
“But I was curious. What it feels like to have my body eaten by another creature.”
There was no reason to cooperate anyway since they were of different nationalities, but Rai didn’t like it.
“I surpassed your talents simply out of curiosity.
Are you aiming for it?”
“haha! is it?”
Lai, who believed that he was not a match for words, sighed and looked back at Kido.
‘Did he absorb it too?’
The eyes were different, and in fact, Natasha’s blood was passing through Kido’s veins and conveying memories.
‘This woman.’
Kido’s nose twisted.
” genius… …
… … before winning.
“How hard have you been?”
The number of walls she had to overcome before she could activate Shinigami’s Dance from the state of her spine being severed.
“well.”
It was not something Kido could dare to absorb.
“I just did it until it was done.” Rai’s face contorted.
‘Until?’
Isn’t that a contradiction?
‘Can I do it until it’s done? If that doesn’t work, then the world is unfair. That’s why I’m talking about talent.’
Rai suddenly stopped thinking.
talent, talent, talent.
‘Lian, that idiot… …
He was a swordsman who did not have as much talent as his fingernails.
said Natasha.
“what? I see a nail. I was looking forward to seeing how the goblin danced. Then can we start over?”
“Cool!”
Once again, fresh blood spurted from Kido’s neck.
“Kido!”
Uorin’s nervous voice brought his mind back from death.
‘I know, I know.’
That I can no longer die at will.
“Big.”
Natasha stopped in her tracks just as Kido, who had picked up the spirit that was falling apart, was about to jump out again.
“ah-ha, I see.”
Then he pointed at Uorin and asked.
“Do you love this woman?”
It’s like saying how a goblin or something can love the queen… … .
“Come on.”
Kido’s heart was drying up even more.
That moment.
“yes.”
Anchal’s voice was heard.
“Yes, that’s fine. Please speak.”
The bell-shaped earrings only swayed, but it seemed like they were having a conversation with someone.
“I haven’t dealt with it yet. But soon… … . all right. Yes, I will.”
It was an instruction to return to the Jincheon sector.
‘To miss all the fish I’ve caught.’
If it was the empress of Kashan, it would have been a great deal, but Anchal was also not dissatisfied with this order.
‘Really? With Perm Mineral… … It was because there was nothing more important than rescuing Jin Seong-eum, the princess of Jincheon.
“The Empress.”
Anchal, who was about to say something to Wu-rin, shook his head as if it was no use.
backed away.
‘Princess, please be patient.’ A grim reaper was born and her body disappeared as if sucked into the spirit world.
Breaking the silence, Natasha said.
“I want to stop too. The time Vulcan said has passed. The Empress is taken by Tormia.”
Rai was speechless.
Although Gustav 4 was originally insane, he was a soldier who obeyed orders.
‘the problem is… …
That he could never overcome Kido with his own strength.
“let’s go. We have to run away now.”
Kido, who pulled Uorin by the arm, slowly moved while watching the two of them.
Natasha waved her hand.
“cheer up. In fact, even from my point of view, it is not the appearance that women will like, but the heart is important.”
He couldn’t express it because he had no eyelids, but he seemed to be smiling.
“Kiyi.”
Kido left a threatening sound as he disappeared into the darkness, but Natasha was relieved.
“Should I go too soon?”
“wait.”
Rai called.
“huh?”
“Did you say you can do it until you can?” Knowing what Rai meant, Natasha put on a puzzled expression.
‘Daphne.’
After being cut by Rian, it was because she also understood the sense of defeat a little now.
“sorry. I didn’t mean that. just i… … I just said that in my case.”
Rai was tough.
“You don’t have to sympathize. What I want to know is the fact and the truth. Do you really think so?”
“Hmm, if you ask me that much. uh, right I just did it until To be honest, I think that’s all there is to it. After fighting him, I became more confident.”
“that person?”
“They say it’s Ogent Lian… … Rai’s eyebrows twitched.
“That’s right, if you’re the same prosecutor, you’ll understand. I heard that you are uniquely strong in swordsmanship.”
“Of course you know. Because he is my brother.”
“Hoo.”
Natasha pursed her lips.
“Are you really Lian’s brother? But at all
It’s different.”
“What do you mean?”
“Exactly like this. You put meaning into every single word. That guy was the exact opposite. I just said it because my hair color is different and I can’t relate well.” she pointed to herself.
“I lost to Lian.”
‘Is it so?’
Having seen Natasha’s strength, I could tell how high Lian was.
“That was when I first learned what defeat was. Perhaps the reason he was able to defeat me was because he was aiming higher than I was.”
“The best prosecutor is everyone’s dream. But not everyone can be the best. I don’t think my efforts are inferior to him. If all you do is do it until you are done, why can’t everyone be strong?”
Natasha laughed.
“You really don’t know anything.”
“what?”
“sorry. it’s not ignoring Actually, I am a dancer, so my field is different, but I think that the meaning of doing it until I am perfect is different from working hard for a month or doing it efficiently.”
“Then what?”
Natasha raised her index finger.
“It means doing everything you can.” Rai was dazed.
“Learning something means you have inscribed that skill into your body. So what should I engrave with? As far as I know, there is only one. It is pain.”
Natasha continued.
“People are selfish, so they have a habit of repeating the same mistakes. That’s why I carve it with pain. because… …
Natasha said, recalling the years of endurance.
“Human beings never go through the same pain again.”
Rai frowned.
‘Am I being lazy?’
Maybe he did, but he had never sought comfort since being overtaken by Rian.
” I am??????
“Yeah, I know.”
Natasha knew what she was talking about.
“But you keep doing the hard work over and over again. Whatever you did, if you can do it again, it means it wasn’t painful enough. Of course, my skills will improve, but I can’t overcome the wall at that level.”
wall.
Something that Ryan had and that he didn’t have.
‘ is it?’
He’s every moment… … .
“Do you want to go over the wall?”
said Natasha.
“Then, carve your skills into your body. In such terrible pain that I will never be able to do it again. When you’re so sick, you’re sure you can’t do this again… …
She drew a parabola, moving her index and middle fingers.
“Humans go beyond their limits.”
“That guy is every moment… …
Were you pushing yourself into territory that could never be repeated?
Seeing Rai’s dazed expression, Natasha turned around.
“So goodbye.”
“wait.”
“What else?”
Natasha turned around with a look on her face.
“Why are you telling me this? Tormia is Gustav’s enemy country, and in the temple… …
“What’s so complicated? It would be nice if we let each other know and help each other. Do you like swords too?”
She sighed as Rai still stood there with a face that didn’t understand.
“It is really different. Even though they are brothers.”
A bitter smile soon formed on her lips.
“… … Is it because it’s not like everyone else?”
It was true that Rai’s jealousy and nervousness reminded him of his old friend Daphne.
Although she broke Natasha’s back, Rai hoped the outcome would be different.
“I wish you well. Then really goodbye, Mr. Yeminnam.”
Even she disappeared into the darkness, and Rai murmured in the empty basement.
“Mr. Sensitive?”
Then, with a sudden frown, he drove his sword into the hard stone floor.
“shit! You’re looking at me funny!”

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 1223 - First Yora(4).txt
===============================
First Jorah (4)
that it is strong.
I wondered if the human intellect and the system we had created were all because of weakness.
before Ymir.
“Quack.”
The moment Ymir’s fist hit the ground, the earth shattered in disgrace.
“Is it like this, the day humans are annoying
Paris?”
Tons of dirt piled up on the crater’s outskirts exploded, revealing the appearance of Gangnan.
“Oh, Mr.… …
Spitting out the dirt in her mouth, she tried to forget the fact that she was Gaia’s body.
“Thousands Arms Guanyin.”
The two arms of the maze moved, and the incarnation of the Thousand-Handed Guanyin filled the sky with repeated blows.
All of Mir’s joints were bent as the huge palm hit the ground.
“Is this all?” It was only a shock, but defeating Ymir was a completely different matter.
“You only came into my world this much?”
As Ymir strained his arms, the first level of depth began to shake terribly.
Miro gritted his teeth with a tired expression.
‘What’s with all that stuff?’
If everything in the world could be converted into numerical values, it seemed that all conditions had been raised to the end.
“Shim Kwon.”
The moment Ymir held out his fist, the fist was right in front of him before he knew it.
‘Thousands Arms Guanyin.’
Time slowed down, and afterimages of the arm unfolded at each minimum unit of time the maze split.
And all those afterimages… … .
‘Ten thousand.’
It was an incarnation technique applied as a real shock.
“Big!”
Ymir’s waist was bent at the jangju that poured down at a gap close to vibration.
‘Is this pain?’
In the first place, since I had hardly felt pain, there was no definition for it.
‘I know it’s quite an unpleasant feeling.’
Ymir raised an eyebrow.
“Why do you hate something that feels so good?”
‘Bastard.’
Power entered Miro’s eyes.
‘You should know too.’
Even if it was 1/10,000 of the pain Gaold felt.
As she moved her arms, the incarnation of Guanyin with Thousand Arms did the same.
‘Coming again.’
Ymir had a hunch.
‘It’s an impossible ability to evade.’
To Kannon, who contemplates the world from the edge of the universe, there is no blind spot.
Ymir snorted.
“joy.”
Then, he threw his fist at the place where the Thousand Arms Guanyin’s Fifteen Lyojang Law surged.
The moment when a shock is applied to the center of the field law, how overlapped it may be.
The maze was languid.
‘ uh?’
The landscape is distorted, as if copied
Children with the same faces burst into laughter, and tens of thousands of puppies were shaking their waists in the same way.
‘Delirium.’
As with Ymir’s attack, it wasn’t just material things he destroyed.
‘no!’
When the state of the extreme line returned to its senses, this large body of Mir filled the field of vision.
“die.”
Time slowed down again, but this time Miro wasn’t sure if he would be able to match the timing.
‘Great!’
When everything is done in slow motion.
bang!
The only thing that came flying at great speed hit Ymir in the temple.
The giant’s head snapped to the side, and he stopped his charge in that state.
Miro and the others barely escaped delirium and blinked their eyes in surprise.
Blood trickled down Ymir’s temples.
”… … 。｝<and.”
It was unpleasant, obvious pain.
Where he turned his head, Gaold was standing with the air gun fired.
“Was it you?”
The person who opened the in-depth level 1.
After observing the maze for a while, Gaold turned his head and moved on.
“Why, what are you doing?”
Ymir’s expression returned to Gaold’s words.
“Geuk, what with the torn skin? Well, I’ll tell you it’s quite good for a human.”
Sein let out a quiet voice.
‘Ymir is right. The situation is still hopeless.’
In a situation where it was all about conveying the senses, it only gave a little pain.
‘Battle is to completely destroy the target. Being happy that some blood was shed is something that happens only in children’s fights.
“okay?”
As Gaold charged, Ymir also took a receiving posture with a delighted expression on his face.
“wait! Pincer… … !”
Before Miro could finish his words, the delirium broke out again as they were hit.
‘This is really irritating.’
Meanwhile, Ymir was intrigued by Gaold, whose magical powers had not diminished in the slightest.
“Is it psychic?”
“no.”
A madness shone in Gaold’s eyes in great pain.
“It has a taste from the beginning.”
When the air gun exploded like a shotgun, Ymir’s expression began to wrinkle little by little.
‘This child… …
If only the pain that can’t be repeated twice exceeds this limit, the number of walls Gaold has crossed.
“Air Press.”
Because it is equal to the suffering of all mankind.
“Three? OOOI” He was still the deepest human being at the center of good and evil.
“Kuaaa!”
The moment Ymir, unable to hold on, screamed, the sound of a crunch was clearly audible.
Then the earth collapsed into a cylinder, and a tremendous explosion rushed through the basement.
It was absurd because it was a spiritual world, but if it was real, it would have been a disaster comparable to a natural disaster.
“cadet!”
When the maze and the others, who were blown away by the strong winds, came back, shaking off the dust, they opened their mouths in disbelief at the unreal sight.
“I-that… …
Ymir’s right arm was broken.
“how is it?”
Gaold asked.
“Are you sick now?”
Ymir looked back at his grotesquely bent right arm.
‘ sick.’
It was not at the level of expressing discomfort in words.
‘It’s similar to the senses that Ogent gave me. No, maybe even more than that.’
The moment he realized, Ymir’s temperament changed and he raised the corner of his mouth at Gaold.
“okay.”
That face with black pupils and only red pupils smaller than grains of rice.
“It means you’re alive.”
It was so terrifying and alien that I didn’t even think of beings living in the same universe.
“Huh”
Kang Nan couldn’t stand the moaning.
‘scared.’
It could be said that there was nothing more terrifying than that, but Gaold remained unconcerned.
“It’s great, I feel alive.” This is because there is nothing to be afraid of for a philosopher who has reached the deepest level of human beings.
“It has to be alive, because it can be killed.”
“Hehe.”
Ymir’s body disappeared after a short laugh, and Gaold twisted his back rapidly.
In a fleeting moment, Sein remembered.
‘come.’
An unprecedented collision.
There was no sound, no sight, no impact, just a phenomenon close to the limit of flames.
The shock that transcends the five senses raised the dream time to a level close to reality.
In the midst of that enormous amount of information, Sirone’s body trembled as she was receiving the lore dream.
Another huge piece of data.
The most intense event in the life of the first Jorah, Yorahhan was being transmitted.
“haha! That is also true.”
Johann, married to Armand, has a ball every day.
He went out to the field and preached philanthropy to the Hwajok.
“If someone hits me, should I hit that person too? hard problem. But I think so. If I fight back, the violence will be justified. On the other hand, if I forgive that person, that person will also forgive someone, and then one day… …
The fire tribes shouted.
“It becomes a world full of love!”
“that’s right. Of course it’s not easy. But if we don’t get here, there will be no life on earth in the very distant future.”
Yorahhan’s lifespan is short, but the ideas he created will last for eternity.
‘We have to decide now, our destination.’
“Sir, I have a question for you.”
“okay. Ask me anything.”
“Today’s content was about love. Then, teacher, how do you fall in love with Armand?”
“Today’s class is over.”
When Yorahhan closed the book and stood up, the Hwajok moved their bodies with crying expressions.
“iced coffee! Tell me, sir!” He shook his head as he returned home, leaving behind the children’s voices and running away.
“Anyway, I can’t dry it.”
S = rot ▲ 己
– ‘ O ? 1 1 ~ ■ O ?
Sitting on the floor of the cabin, Armand was sharpening his sword on a wide whetstone.
“what’s the matter? Did the kids have another accident?”
“haha! Nothing. Anyway, why the knife all of a sudden? Are you preparing to hunt?”
“huh. All the birds I caught are gone. Maybe I should move the hunting ground.”
In just two years, the territory of humans had expanded further, reaching even the territory of the Hwajok.
“Come with me.”
“not today. It’s too late. If you go by yourself, an hour will be enough.”
Even if he was accustomed to hiking, it was impossible to catch up with the best warrior of the fire tribe.
Johann grumbled.
“It’s because I’m worried. The area of the blue river has already been cleared. I heard that it is the Mikas Kingdom.”
“What kind of place is it?”
“I’ve heard rumors, but haven’t seen it. At the time, it was a provincial domain, but it seems to have grown rapidly.”
Steep growth means that the leader’s disposition is also belligerent.
“I guess I will have to move. I’ll look for a suitable place tomorrow.”
Armand’s movements as he sharpened his sword stopped abruptly.
“Actually, I don’t know.”
“Of course I know how strong you are. There’s such a thing as just one thing… …
“No, the philanthropy you claim. Do you really think that is possible?”
Armand turned his head.
“Look at me now. You’re trying to kill a bird to get food. this
Could it also be violence?”
Johann sat down in his chair.
“maybe… … I guess so.”
It is not something to worry about in reality, but there should be no contradiction in the idea of immortality.
‘Absolute fraternity. A world where everyone is considerate eventually gets stuck in the problem of eating and breeding.’
If this issue is not resolved, the logic of fraternity will one day collapse.
“How about going out to the human world?” Yohann doubted his ears.
“huh? what?”
“No one raises an issue here. Wouldn’t there be a better way if we hit it directly?”
Of course it is.
That’s why Yorahhan didn’t intend to stay with the Hwajok for a long time at first.
‘Not now. They say everyone is family.’
More than anything, I was worried about Armand.
“no. won’t leave enough here A little more research will surely give you a solution… …
“Jorahhan.”
Armand has arrived.
“I didn’t trust humans. I didn’t inherit the will of my ancestors. But after meeting you, I realized If all humans can be like you, I will be brave too.”
“Armand… …
“Let’s go together. we are one If it’s what you want, then of course I should too.”
she continued with a smile.
“Besides, I am different from the other fire tribes. There is no passivity, and you can eat food. You can live like a human.”
“Hey, honey.”
Johann was in tears.
“thank you. Thank you so much. I love you, honey.”
“… … Squeezing.”
at this point.
Even while accepting the dream, Sirone’s subconscious questioned.
‘Feeding and breeding.’
This is because even after countless hours have passed, the contradictions of living things have not been resolved.
‘But he is the first Jorah.’
Indeed, Yorahan faces the biggest homework of living things: feeding and breeding.
‘Love without an inch of evil, absolute fraternity… …
What did you define?
continues in the next volume

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 1224 - Forbidden Area(1).txt
===============================
Forbidden area (1)
“Are you going to go to the human world?” Lutia, the chieftain of the Fire Tribe, asked.
“Yes, Chief. I want to help my husband change the human world. I think it is a calling.”
Yorahhan expressed his apology with silence.
‘To the chieftain, Armand is like an extraordinary daughter. The pain of leaving her must be great.’
Above all, she was the only warrior with an active disposition to protect the Hwajok.
“okay.”
Lutia smiled heartily.
“Finally, this day has come. The fire tribe must help humans. That is the reason for our existence, passed down from our ancestors.”
Realizing her sincerity, Jorahhan suddenly had this thought.
‘Who was it, the previous Hwajok?’
Hwajok is usually passive, so it was normal when their identity faded over time.
‘Nevertheless, for this long time, I kept one calling. This is not a matter of inclination.’
what a realization
‘In front of the truth, neither active nor passive can exist. The first fire tribe knew about it.’
About humans, about human lives… … .
‘Maybe deeper than me.’
Johann was the first to open his mouth.
“I am not leaving right now. The forces of the Micas Kingdom are invading the territory of the Hwajok. At this rate, contact will be made within a month. I will find a suitable place for the Hwajok to migrate.”
“Whoops. As expected, you’re always friendly, Yorahan O”
Johann’s face blushed.
“Don’t worry. I know more about the Hwajok than anyone else. Even though we are passive, we are also the ones who have continued that way. You will be fine.”
Armand came out.
“But chieftain, humans… …
Ruthia stopped talking.
“Yes, they are a dangerous race. But, Armand, you must now understand them. Otherwise, how could you follow your husband’s wishes?”
She looked back at Yorahhan and continued.
“Leave tomorrow. I’ll take care of this whole problem for the Hwajok. The world we see is different from the world humans see. No matter how good you find a resting place, that is not the place where flowers will bloom.”
The Hwajok ate enough through photosynthesis alone.
“All right.”
With Lutia’s permission, Jorahhan and Armand returned home and packed up.
As it is a precious place, the movements were sluggish.
‘I really don’t want to leave. But if you put it off for a day or two, you will really live here.’
As he struggled to achieve his dream, he found a box under his bed.
“uh? this… …
He turned his head while touching the dagger he hadn’t taken out since coming to the village of the Hwajok.
“Honey, can I use a whetstone?”
“Why the dagger? I usually don’t even look at you.”
“Because I am going out to the human world. Yes, I always had it with me before. You have to carry something like this to avoid bad people.”
Armand laughed.
“What are you worried about? I will protect you.”
Then, he hugged Yorahhan from behind and whispered in her ear.
“And I guarantee you, you will never use this. Even while grooming the sparrow, he shuddered.” They knew everything about each other.
“Sheesh! who said what You can still make threats. Who would be intimidated by a rusty sword?”
Armand shook his head at the sight of Yorahhan, who was stubborn until the end and took out the whetstone.
“anyway… …
Still, it was true that it was quite solid.
Around dawn, Yorahhan, who was sleeping in bed, woke up to the sound of screams outside.
“What, what… … !”
When he got up, Armand was already leaving the door holding a longsword.
The children of the Hua people approached with pale faces.
“sister! It’s a big deal!”
“what’s the matter?”
When Yohan, who had followed behind, looked outside, a group of troops had occupied the entrance to the village.
“horse soldier?”
It was armed with metal armor, and the face of a lion was engraved on the insignia of its flag.
“The Mikas family.”
There is no doubt about it, but the size of the troops was too small to penetrate the remote area.
‘It was the kingdom’s strategy to invade little by little in parallel with the land reclamation project. So why… … ?’
Jorahhan saw the lead of the cavalry.
He hadn’t taken off his youth yet, but there was a man with a split chin and intense eyes.
‘Probably the eldest son of the Micas family… … Mikas Areon.
‘It was three years ago when I heard the news, so I’m eighteen this year. He was eager to prove his royal blood.’
Not only was he not popular, but Jo Rahan was also a thinker, so the attributes of those in power were obvious.
A white schoolboy rode next to Areon.
“Prince, it seems that this is the village of the Hwa tribe. Please dictate the next strategy.”
“Hmm, the fire family.”
Areon stroked his chin.
‘It has strange abilities, but according to the records, it is not dangerous. Rather, a slave who obeys any command.’
It was a scholar’s record.
‘In other words, you can have an attendant who will never betray you. This is also a must for a king. There must have been a reason for the old man to spend his energy on the land reclamation project.’
Of course, there must have been dozens of other reasons.
‘Anyway, I arrived before my father. I came all the way through the forest.’
Arreon, an ambitious man, interacted with many talented people, and one of them was Fisk next to him.
A person who has accurately navigated through a labyrinth-like forest.
“Fisk.”
Areon said.
“This will be the first occupation in my history. Even my father will approve if I take the Hwajok with me.”
The succession to the throne will be solidified.
“You probably think of me as the heir of a great king. It is a feat none of my brothers have ever accomplished.”
Areon pointed his sword towards the front.
“Conquer.”
At the same time as the order was given, more than 100 cavalrymen rushed at a terrifying speed.
At that time, when the fire tribes, who were watching in amazement, didn’t know what to do, Chief Lutia shouted.
“Run away!”
Armand, who ran backwards through the crowd, drew his sword and charged the cavalry.
Johann followed.
“honey!”
“Do not come! Get as far away as possible!”
“I will go with you.”
“it’s crazy? Then die! protect the children you can lead It’s impossible for the chieftain alone.”
“Huh.”
Yo Rahan bit his lip and twisted his body at the right words that had no room for refutation.
“Just buy time and get out!”
Nodding his head, Armand erased his thoughts and focused on the battle.
“Rated control.”
Her sword flew through the sky, and fountains of blood burst through the iron gloves of the knights.
Areon’s eyes twinkled as he watched the knights collapse.
“Who is that woman?”
Fisk opened his notebook.
“Even among the Fire Tribe, there are very few people with an active disposition. They are called carnivores. It is said to show great fighting power in combination with its unique ability.”
“Surely strong.”
Areon added.
“And strong is beautiful. Fisk, I need to get her. Could she be captured alive?”
“yes.”
Fisk is competent.
“Divide the cavalry into three, with one unit blocking the retreat and the other capturing the villagers. It’s done in three minutes.”
When the adjutant signaled with a flag, the cavalry cavalry dispersed in line as if cut by a sword.
Jorahhan saw through the enemy’s scheme.
‘You can’t go faster than a horse. In this way, everything is captured. I have to fight back somehow… … Suddenly thinking of it, he said to Lutia.
“Chief! To the forest!”
When the Hwajok entered the forest, the cavalry, which had been in conflict for a while, abandoned their horses and jumped in.
“joy! Even so, I can’t even attack… … huh?”
As if the forest came alive, all kinds of plants and bugs started attacking the knights.
“damn! You use strange techniques!”
No matter how many tree branches he cut, the attacks were endless, and eventually his stamina began to run out.
Fisk looked over the forest and said.
“You are struggling.”
“It is the same over there. Have you been properly trained?”
Fisk got off his horse and spread his arms, knowing that those who were entrusted with full power had many responsibilities.
“I will handle it.”
Suddenly, a strong wind blew around him and flew like an arrow with both legs floating.
As Armand hurriedly twisted his body at the unexpected approach, his hand grazed his shoulder.
Fisk said.
“Slow.”
At that moment, Armand felt an unfamiliar feeling.
‘what?’
If it was the era Sirone lived in, I would have thought it was similar to the previous one.
“Huh!”
As of now, she had no way to understand the phenomenon of the air becoming sharp like a blade.
Holding onto the cut on his forearm, he stepped back and Fisk landed on the ground again.
Armand summoned the sword and asked.
“Is it memorization?”
“no.”
Fisk held out his hand.
“The power of the mind.”
“Woman, I am a seeker of the truth of the world. My King is looking for you, so surrender meekly. Then you won’t hurt anyone.”
“joy.”
Armand, baring his fangs, slapped his sword.
“You look down on the Hwajok. We are peace-loving, not cowards afraid of death.”
The forest shook in the distance and I saw exhausted knights grabbing their heads.
“I saw it in the old documents. The hypothesis that it assimilates with all things in nature seems to be true. but… …
Fisk raised his hand above his head.
“Human controls the phenomena of all things in nature, and this is the fifth element that unites fire, water, earth, and air.”
The air heated up and a fireball the size of a pumpkin was born on the palm of my hand.
“It is the concentration of the mind.” Armand’s expression went blank at the situation in which he made fire without using anything.
“Fireball.”
As he swung his arm, a ball of fire fell in a parabolic arc at the beginning of the forest.
“no!”
There was a loud explosion, and black smoke began to rise from the forest.
Fisk said.
“How is it? Power much stronger than natural fire. This is the human potential.”
As the villagers, suffocating from the smoke, ran out of the forest again, the cavalry surrounded them.
“Choose. If you give up their lives, you will be able to live. Will you fight or surrender?” That’s how the battle ended. The loss of the cavalry was greater than expected in mutual sacrifice, but Areon felt good.
“Has everyone gathered?”
Armand looked around as all the fire tribes gathered with frightened expressions.
‘What about Yorahhan?’
It was nowhere to be seen.
If he had run away, there would be nothing more gratifying than that, but the opposite case was also possible, so his heart was heavy.
‘Please, please stay alive.’ Areon said.
“I am the prince of the Micas kingdom. As of today, this territory will become the territory of Mikas, and you too are now subjects of the kingdom. If you deny this… …
While the long-winded rumor continued, Yorahhan was watching the situation through a gap in the warehouse.
‘It’s finally caught.’
It was good to lead the fire tribes and drive out the cavalry, but the forest caught fire out of nowhere.
‘Magic.’
I heard you call it that.
‘What should I do now?’
As long as the children were held hostage, Armand would never raise his sword.
‘It’s impossible to run away from horseback riding. Even if it were possible, the fire tribe would not run away if even one fell behind. If that’s the case, if you’re dragged along like this… …
In an instant, Jorahhan’s eyebrows twitched.
‘ there is!’
A way to escape with everyone.
‘I don’t know what the wizard will do, but no, it’s not luck. They can never come after us.’
Now there is only one thing left.
‘Can I do it?’
The eyes of Yo Ra-han, who was fiddling with the dagger in his bosom, were more intense than ever.

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 1225 - Forbidden Area(2).txt
===============================
Forbidden Zone (2)
During Yorahan’s conflict, Areon showed off his ability in front of the Hwajok.
“purple. I conquered this forest with 100 horsemen. And I have over 10,000 troops. Sooner or later the world will lie at my feet.”
Armand thought in a gaze that could not be found fear of the world.
‘Attractive.’
Young, beautiful, and that active attitude, as if born only to dominate… … .
‘It must be the lineage of the king that humans say.’
It wouldn’t be strange to feel the light emanating from Areon’s body.
‘But I don’t like it.’
The light offended Armand.
‘If only you are the one who needs to shine, that light is never beautiful. Yohann is…
He was the one who would become the light that encompassed the world.
Chief Lutia asked.
“What are you going to do with us?”
“I am generous.”
Contrary to the words, Areon’s long sword cut into Lutia’s chin.
“But only for my people.”
Areon withdrew his sword and looked back at the Hwajok.
“You will soon become citizens of a great kingdom. You will be entrusted with a very heavy duty to assist the king. A good house, good food, and all kinds of treasures will be given to you.”
said Ruthia.
“We don’t want anything. I just want to live peacefully in this forest.”
“I’m sorry.”
Areon’s eyes grew cold.
“You don’t have to be good at anything. because i’m good at it What do you think this means?”
“I do not know.”
“All you can do is obey.”
Just as Areon was about to cut Lutia’s head, Armand stood in the way and raised his sword.
A strong rustling sound was heard, and the cavalry charged at her with displeased looks.
Areon raised his hand.
“stop.”
Fisk said as the cavalry retreated.
“It is a carnivore. It looks like it needs to be tamed a little. Leave it to me.”
If it was killing children, it would be better for him to do it himself than to be a soldier.
“No, there is no need for that.”
Areon, stepping back, was full of confidence.
“Woman, what is your name?”
“Armand.”
“I like it.”
Only that mattered.
“You are not a slave. strong and active come to me I will save you from hell.”
Having lived with Yorahhan for more than two years, now she too understood the man’s language.
“I am a married woman. I can’t.”
“haha! Didn’t I tell you, I’m generous. I don’t care what happened before you met me. But denying it now is a sin that has nothing to say even if all the members of the fire family die.”
Armand was speechless.
‘I’m sorry, guys.’
Because she cannot betray Yorahhan, the Hwajok will be annihilated, but then she will also raise her sword.
“Hmm. indeed… …
Areon looked at Armand with mad eyes, who expressed his intention of refusal in silence.
“Kill them all.”
“Wait, wait a minute!” When Yorahhan ran out of the warehouse, Armand’s expression showed emotion for the first time.
A sense of relief flooded over me, enough to make me forget the current situation, but my brows crinkled.
‘Why are you here? stupidly.’
Areon asked.
“Who are you? Are there traitors among the Hwajok?”
“I-I am human. It is an idea that travels the world. I was captured by the Hwajok and humiliated for two years.”
“Caught?”
To this gentle race?
“Armand here is my wife. She passed on her knowledge and skills here for two years. She was also constantly monitored so that she did not touch other fire tribes.”
A clumsy lie would blow away even the only chance, so I packed up the truth.
As Areon turned around, Fisk said.
“It is possible. The carnivorous species recorded in the ancient documents are said to be cruel and tyrannical.”
A scholar would have written the truth.
It just ignored why carnivores had to be cruel and tyrannical towards humans.
“Yes, this is it.”
Looking at Yorahhan with curious eyes, he looked at Armand’s expression and asked.
“If you were held by force, would you mind if I took your wife?”
“That, that… …
“why? Are you in a bad mood?”
“Oh no! How could I have such a heart for Prince Mikas! I have but one request.”
“Blue’?”
Johann lay flat on his face.
“Please take me to Mikas. If you ask me to do anything, I will do my best!”
Arreon felt good from the point of view of being hired by talented people from all over the world.
“haha! They say you are a thinker, but you have an eye for seeing the times. good night. I will keep you by my side and use it.”
“thank you!”
Since humans cannot know the truth of others, it is natural for the Hwajok to feel betrayed.
‘why?’
Armand knows the truth about Jorahhan.
‘There must be no way.’
My doubts deepened as I knew that he was not a person who would abandon his wife even if he had to die.
“Okay, that’s it. Your husband also knelt before me. So why don’t you choose too?”
Believing Jorahhan, Armand lowered his sword, but Areon accepted it as a sign of obedience.
“Yes, this is the way of the world. wake up too You will have to do a lot for me in the future.” Yorahhan looks up at the world from the lowest place, and Areon faces the sky with his feet on the ground.
do you know
‘see.’
It is believed that the gap between the ends is the best place to see the human breath.
Jo Ra-han, whose expression disappeared for a moment, naturally stood up and swung the dagger in his bosom.
“uh?”
It wasn’t hatred or resentment, so at the end of a smooth movement, like swinging without an object.
“??????uh?” A fountain of blood burst from the nape of Areon’s neck.
“Prince!”
Jorahhan, who accurately cut the area that could not be covered with armor, turned around and shouted.
“Run away!”
The fire tribes were shocked.
‘Teacher… …
Because I never thought of myself as someone who could hurt anyone.
“What are you doing! Do you all want to die?”
If everyone in the world gave orders, only Jorahhan would be the one they followed.
“Guys! go to the woods! now!”
The Hwajok, who came to their senses, ran with all their might.
The cavalry commander, knowing that there would be no catch if he went into the woods, mounted his horse.
“Follow me! Do not leave even one alive!”
“wait!”
At Fisk’s cry, the cavalry raised their front legs.
“Prince.”
Areon’s condition was serious.
I pressed the wound on the nape of my neck, but hot blood was pouring between the palms of my hands.
‘I avoided the spinal cord and cut off only the arteries. Maybe to buy time to escape? This guy knows anatomy.’
At the time, not many people knew about it.
“Phi, Fisk.”
Areon, whose face was inflated like a balloon, grabbed Fisk by the shoulder and squeezed out his words.
“me… … save me me… … live.”
‘damn!’
If they were a Hwajok or something, if the prince died, their lives would end here.
Fisk raised his head.
“I’ll take the prince and return to the base right now! hurry! You can’t waste even a second!”
The sacrifice of the cavalry was essential to cover the maze-like forest in the shortest distance.
“Prince! Be patient, my prince!”
Even while transporting Areon, Fisk mobilized all his knowledge to stop the bleeding.
‘It’s soil that closes the wound, but this one bleeds too much. Then, with the power of water… …
Could you make blood?
In the distant future, humans will understand everything, but only after much more warfare.
“Huh!”
Fisk’s face dripping with cold sweat was hopeless.
“I don’t know!”
No matter how the four elements of air, earth, water, and fire were combined, blood could not be created.
“??????steel?”
or something else.
“Fisk.”
Perhaps because he was highly focused, Areon’s voice was annoying this time.
“Prince.”
Even non-experts could tell that Areon was on the brink of death.
“I want to die… … no.”
After those words, the prince of Micas Kingdom passed away without even closing his eyes.
“done.”
Even if he returned to the kingdom like this, the king of Micas would kill him.
“blood.”
It didn’t matter anyway.
“It’s blood.”
If you ruined your life, wouldn’t it be worth risking your life?
“joy.”
Jumping off the chariot, he watched as the prince’s corpse was taken to the kingdom of Mikas.
According to Omega’s records, Fisk devoted his life to it, but failed to create blood.
Although he completed a book titled Blood Composition and Ingredients, it is also a story that has nothing to do with traditional dreams.
The place where Syrone’s subconscious, immersed in a deep dream, headed was Jorahhan’s agony.
“ha! ha!”
As he led the fire tribe and ran frantically through the forest, he felt that his eyes were getting dark.
It was only when I got down on my knees that I realized that I was out of breath and the pain rushed in.
“Jorahhan.”
Armand was speechless.
“I, I… …
Shaking his hands, Yorahhan muttered with eyes that seemed to have lost his soul.
“I cut people, people.”
The beliefs that preached love and shunned violence disappeared in an instant.
No, that’s just a matter of reason.
“Huh.” I was just afraid, and my heart throbbed like a poisoned frog running amok in my stomach.
“Armand, I, I… …
“Wake. you kept the fire family That’s it. If it wasn’t for you, I would have died.”
“Cow, small world creation. Honey, I… … I can’t stand it… …
Seeing that Jorahhan’s eyes were half-rolled, Armand hurriedly connected their hearts.
The moment they became one, she wept.
‘How soft a heart is this.’
He was such a kind person that he would not kick even a rolling stone.
Armand whispered.
“Sorry. everything is my fault I couldn’t protect you I’m you…”
I wanted to make my dream come true.
It is said that if you share your sorrow, it will be halved, but this time it was true, and Yorahhan calmed down.
“No, it is not.”
Have you ever wandered in a dream?
“I was stupid. He had never lost anything, but he was ignorant of the reality and only had high ideals.”
“Jorahhan.”
“Let’s hide. Let’s hide and never go out into the world. I live with the fire people in a place where there is no violence or selfishness.”
“Then what is your dream? You said you wanted to save humanity.”
“Many Hwajoks have already been sacrificed. I don’t want to lose anyone anymore. Above all, without you I… …
Since it was already one heart, she felt the same way that she had no regrets.
“OK got it.”
If my husband wants it, that’s enough.
“Let’s leave. Into the woods where no one can find, where no one can disturb us.”
“??????huh.”
That’s how Yohann broke his faith.
Nevertheless, the transfer dream was still in progress, and Sirone was rather convinced.
‘I see.’
If it is something that can be accomplished because you know better than anyone that practicing love is difficult.
‘Now all that’s left of him is… …
first jora.
His last case, which he finally reached through a perfect match, was about to unfold.

=============XXXXX=============

